The music spreads down 200 don't jump yet though. In fact don't pull the trigger yet. Well, it's in a wonderful
group. It's down to your two.
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
The trigger to
So you just weren't hearing it, this, throwing the fuck up.
Yeah, like you used to do it.
Yeah, like you used to do it.
560.
I would definitely use this quest.
You needed us.
The needlehat your show about
On to needlehat.
Oh sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'll sell it all my-
Take it in date
You can sometimes beat
The Americans Thanos
change Pulsier
and like Hero is
The opinions expressed by Neil is not all what his colleagues do not have the
sense of WQAM management staff for sponsors. Now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM.
Neil, yeah, who's got water on his brain? Maverick John McCain,
Sandatajin is campaign, the Sarah Fiskal Pantheon, gambling with his haze.
Used to be the modernist who now an indescrib. That's why the republished hints gave him
a name of Maverick, Maverick John McCain.
Rain and the closing bell, the honky's gone to hell, the regulation Maverick John McCain.
Got three old and gray, Neil found all the way, ripped in a four Maverick in 70 days.
Rain sells trot in a way, hands in all the mits ae, you'll be thinking custom on his jazz.
Right here, no dirty, but peace out back cheese. Maverick John McCain calls you discreet.
Maverick John McCain is supposed to be there.
I'm your friend. It's a 10-0-1 at 560 WQAM. Happy Wednesday to you.
You realize how we need not that far away? Nope. Get off the razor blades. Oh, no.
I guess that's a myth. I guess that's just one of those urban myths or suburban.
Yeah, I mean maybe somebody did it somewhere, but about a hundred years ago,
something like a razor blade and that. Yeah, I don't believe that.
That people don't do that. You have to be sick. Yeah, well, there are sick people.
Speaking of sick, that picture of me under the appol went up this morning.
Those of you who have been waiting to see me 20 years ago in my really, really fat days.
Not the fatest I ever was though. 1973 WS PV in Sarasota. I was 266. I was really.
Wow. And looking at that picture, it brought something to mind.
You know, one thing that fat people generally don't do, they're like Dracula.
We don't like mirrors. Oh, yeah. Am I right, fat Chris? Yep.
And like when I'm sitting here and I'm working on the computer, I'm typing something in there.
And I have a mirror, you know, a mirrored closet over to the right here.
So if I'm facing the computer and it looks at the right and I'm sitting here like in my box,
you're sure it's and I can see that big fat puppet. Nothing at all like what you're seeing in that picture.
And that that alone should be enough when you look how gross and disgusting you are.
You think, oh, geez, that's what should motivate you to lose like a lot of weight between now and tomorrow.
I'm going to lose 30 pounds. But third man, I'm going to lose an ounce or two.
I'm going to I'm going to start. I got your permission to start on the endkins again. Please do get that blood sugar down nice and low.
I'll help. No, there's no wet spot on my boxes. But now I remember.
I told you the picture has some. The pictures got some blotches. Yeah, it's not a wet spot.
It looks like it. It looks like it. No, that's just a bluff. If you look at the paint over on the left and the wall,
there's a blot. So that's just like a Photoshop and make it look a little bit better.
No, let's make that blotch yellow that adds to the obvious. So I already got the first email this morning about it from Mark in Miami.
Mark starts out by asking a question with several questions. Mark wants to know why please me.
I love you. But can you either remove that picture or put it further down so when I'm voting on the pool,
I don't have to see that. It's just wrong. It's just wrong. I don't think it's wrong at all. I think it's right.
I think that means if you can't laugh at yourself, how can you laugh at anybody else?
Like fat Chris. How can you call Chris a fat pig when you know if you can't laugh at yourself?
Can I write Chris? Sounds good to me.
So there's the picture and feel free to make all the cost of comments you want.
Now, keep in mind that's 20 years ago and that hair. Obviously, I just crawled out of the sack.
You know, and I hadn't brushed my hair or anything and looked very confused and dazed.
The Dow is down to 30 and I'm going to try not to like cough and choke and puke.
I got some halls sugar free, vitamin C, cough drops last night. I ate a whole bunch of men.
Boy, did I was I ever busy? Wow. Talk about a wet spot.
Man, I was running back in. I keep going back to bed and I would think to myself, why am I doing this?
Because I know in about two minutes I'm going to get up and make a run back in every minute.
I did. I was running. Just take your phone and your newspaper.
No, not when I'm going to bed. I'm not taking the newspaper.
Why is there a news? I was and we had the election here last night to conserve it as one other minority government and one more seats than they had before you.
And that's because of that damn stupid liberal step on Dion. No speaking English. No speaking English.
Probably will fall. Say it. And the elections here are so screwed up.
They don't vote for the candidates themselves for the party leaders of the conservative or liberal or NDP or whatever.
They vote for the candidates in their individual writings.
They don't call them districts or precincts. They call them writings as in little red writing in the hood.
Okay. I'm not sure I understand that. No, well.
So in other words, there are it's like representatives.
And so each party has so many writings that they win and whoever whichever party gets the most writings they form the government.
And their party leader. He's the prime minister. It's just a mess. It's a nightmare.
It's a joke. And I love when they start showing the early returns and in the writing number so and so.
Well, let's see. Ken Dryden's got six votes and this one's got three.
I mean, there's nobody here. There's 30 million people in the whole country.
Another than Toronto and Montréal where they had the book they blocked Quibbe Quas in Montreal, the frog block.
And in Vancouver, other than that, the rest of the country is like all red necks.
The prairies. You know what I mean? You know what I'm talking about? You prairies. You fair.
I wonder if there's any fairies in the prairies. I bet you there are. Oh, yeah.
So I would imagine I'm going to get inundated with them. Maybe not. Maybe marks the only one who's offended by that picture.
You can't. He said it's just wrong. Get a life mark. Get a sense of humor.
Hours after a married congressman addressed a report that he had an affair with a former aide and pater to keep quiet about it.
Details of a purported priest with a second woman. Surface. Oh my god. How do you like that? Who is this?
Democratic US representative Tim Mahoney. Oh, though he did not directly mention allegations first reported by ABC News that he'd been involved with a former aide.
He issued a statement apologizing to his family, but denying he'd done anything illegal. Like George, he don't do anything illegal. He just screws around.
That's not true. I do lots of things illegal. Well, that's drugs. Oh, I got to think about the drugs.
We have to add on today's poll. I don't do drugs. Somebody was really ticked off at you at me. Yeah.
For the poll, although you had nothing to do with that poll being up, all of what's a repeat, so probably the first time you done it.
Here it is. Let me find the email. Or maybe it's a she-mail. No, it's from Jose. Ro. Yeah. What? Nothing. I just wonder what Jose is into.
George is a junkie. He thinks that everyone uses drugs who add to the poll. I don't use any drugs. Thanks. No problem. Jose is a good, clean, living, right?
Right. I had run a train or a drink or a J walk or anything like that. Yeah. Later Tuesday, a person close to the campaign of Tim Mahoney told the AP that Mahoney was also having a farewell to second woman around the same time.
He had that thing busy, man. He was poking it over here and poking it over there. Maybe he was hanging out in the polka nose. Who knows?
Mahoney 52 won his seat in 2006 while promising to return morals and family values to Washington and the aftermath of the resignation of former Republican US representative Mark Foley.
You're fairing. Foley stepped down on his reveal. He sent a lured internet messages to male teenage pages who'd worked on Capitol Hill.
Foley was later cleared to criminal wrong doing West state and federal authorities and that he's gone back to live with his boyfriend in West Palm Beach.
So this guy promised to return morals and family values as soon as somebody says that like Larry Craig, you know, you know they're tapping it. They're tapping something a lot.
They're foot. Yeah. They're tapping their foot and whatever else.
Now why is this relaxed branded? Okay. I don't need all these comments about my. That's 20 years ago.
It makes me feel so much better about myself now. Now here's a bunch of emails, but I don't think they have anything to do with.
Oh, yeah, Vasty Oliver another fake name. Another crank. Vasty Oliver. I'm sure this is going to be caustic.
Neil, if Obama been law and gets elected, are you prepared for the US to become a socialist country? That's about the 10th time. Let me block that idiot.
If he gets elected, are you prepared for the US to become a socialist country? I read it the first 600 times and it was this is amazing.
And I just blocked your stupid ass. Reagan, Melbourne says, mark my words. This will go down. I predicted the over under the number of times.
I can't use the term my friends and tonight's debate at 36 and a half. I say it'll be over the total. These people haven't only don't care about that picture.
What and bugs he's got some comment here makes no sense. Nothing. Mark and Miami was the only person that had anything coherent to say about that.
I just don't get it. What is with these people anyway? They're other lame lame lame. The name of the game and software the lame game.
That's really L. S. Lane game. Now which one is that the Obonics name game? Yes. That's what I thought.
The name. The lame game. The lame game. Can you play it? Yeah. I love that. Who did that? Okay. Well, we get to the poll results and all the other stuff.
But I thought I didn't you think there would be a tremendous outpouring of emotion on that. That's not too bad. Here. That's brandy.
Besides Mark and Miami saying why it's just wrong. Give them a chance. It's just wrong. They don't have a sense of humor. That's the problem. They're humorless.
Maybe that's because the Dow is down 200 and some odd point. They've lost all their money on paper. It's only on paper.
So buying opportunity maybe.
These are different.
Since you let out.
One last culture is hanging around.
Hang up. Hang up. Right now.
When ever you call your one more chronic crack in the show goes right in the tank.
We've got you tonight because all of the lights just went blank.
Oh,
see.
Where
please hang up and just go away.
Where
why don't you call up that.
Where
what the hell were you thinking of?
Where
don't you call back till they say you are?
Where
you go away into other me?
Go
or in the copy of say to me?
Where
you go away into other me?
Hey, Jim Skiler is a latent great. I don't know if she's still alive or what.
We'll never find out.
If anybody out there knows anything about Jim Skiler and his whereabouts send us an email.
Neil at neorodgers.com.
Jackie says yesterday you mentioned the bird. What happened to him?
Back then there was a song about him. All it said was bird bird. Can you play it?
I just did Jackie from the great Jim Skiler. He did some good stuff with very primitive equipment to say the best.
Right? Right.
Which I guess that's what made it even more effective. It was like the old black and white movies, you know.
Like Dracula.
It added something to the ambiance. Well anyway, what happened when was he died?
The bird.
Long live the bird.
Dead long time now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's dead.
A lot of dead people, you know. Now that's a good question. Are there more living people or dead people?
Because there's like seven or eight billion people crawling around around the planet. That's a lot of people. Too many.
I'll pick the ones who can stay in the rest of more putting them on a gigantic spaceship and sending them to Uranus.
It would be a beautiful world except for us.
What about Fat Chris? Do we let him stay? He won't be long anyway.
Someone's got to do the work.
You're going to be dead pretty soon if you don't lose an ounce.
And by the way, the picture of me there from 20 years ago, I'm not even close to his gigantic. I never came close to 300.
Now how tall are you?
510.
Oh, 510. So you got an inch on me. I'm sure at least. But I'm 5'9".
But even so, I mean one inch.
Here's an email that says, oh, Neil.
I just saw the new picture of you on a website and boy, we're your fat tub of lard.
You know, Neil, you keep shoveling the ice cream down. You're throwing, you're going to die. Now retire.
Your brother and fat, jolly. Oh, it says from the fake jolly Joe.
Oh, here's one from the fake cousin, Brucey.
These people must all be dental abastered people. You know, the fake Hank Goldberg and the fake gym management and the fake talk host.
The fake general manager, Stu Gottz.
Don't forget the numbers come out Friday, the summer book, the summer knows. Remember that with Hermi?
Whatever happened to Gary Grimes.
I don't know.
Maybe who's kind of grimy?
And what was her name, Jennifer O'Neill? Was she in that movie? Yes. The summer of 42. You never saw it.
I did.
Oh. And the class of 44 and she dragged him after she got the telegram that her husband died in the war.
W.W. W.
Two. And she had schlepped him into bed. She made him take all his clothes off and she slept him into bed and screwed his brains out.
I would imagine it probably didn't take too long.
The fake cousin, Brucey says, my first thought upon seeing that picture is you should have the acronym NSFW.
Not safe for work and big bowl letters above the picture.
Not safe for work.
Seriously, had any of my coworkers or supervisors been around my desk when I checked on your site this morning, I would have been fired and did.
And perhaps even arrested.
Really, it's the facial expression more than anything else. You look like you're being tortured at Abu Gharr.
My second thought was that despite all that, you look better than that picture at 45 than I do now at 35.
Holy Schmidt, I'm balding at a much faster rate than you were in my body while nearly as bald as getting there.
Uh oh. I think I'm going to kill myself now. Just in case I do, I want to tell my wife and parents I love them. Well, my parents anyway. The fake cousin, Brucey.
Now, there was a real tub of turd cousin, Brucey with a bad hair piece. Oh my god. I never forget that day he was.
They dragged him in that they slept him in. Oh, you notice if you watch this thing about the great American schlepped for votes. Yes.
And all the kids, I say kids, you know, the people under the age of a hundred are going to South Florida to see grandma and grandpa and make sure they vote for Obama.
And I don't know about any of you, but I was bitterly offended by some of these old Jews and then I'm really what they wanted to say was I want to vote for no shfarts.
They wanted to say that, but they couldn't bring well, he's a different color. You know, he's a different as if.
And I thought that us Jews were supposed to be the liberal ones. Liberal and open minded and progressive. I've got news for any any group of people you talk about.
I got plenty of prediduse, plenty of big a tree to go around. Oh, those fights is.
First of all, and I was thinking about this last night to show you how sick I've been last week or so with this flu.
It's a damn good thing for us and for Barack that he's not a shade darker. You're right. Now, let me ask you this question. Do you think that?
Let me think of somebody who's really dark black. Wesley Snipes. Okay. Now do you think he could have elected? No.
He has a hard time not getting arrested. Right. Just for insight. LWRB living while real black. Right. He's inky black. Wow. Like that King Cole. He was really, really, really dark. Like his cool.
So Obama, I mean, he's half an half anyway. You know, he's Oreo. That's right. Thank God. Because if he was like really dark, I'm like, Oh, those parts. So I don't know. I can't vote.
So all you Jews down here, you're screwed up in 2000 with those Papu cannon votes in Palm Beach County with a stupid, Theresa LaPore butterfly ballots. Don't screw it up again. Obama needs Florida bad. So all you old Jews vote for a devote democratic like you have all your life.
And stop letting all this racial. How's a rye get in the way? If I get rid of just this little last bit of flam. Well, please do it on the air. That's what I'm trying to do. That's the effect between the flam and that beautiful picture there.
It's just wrong. That was a good email. Thank you, Mark. You made my day. Give me a little charcoal. I don't think. What did you get the one from me yet?
Now I'm not looking on there. I'm talking now. I tried to do that during the breaks. Amateur. Oh, yeah. Let's see. Here's one from George. Which one is the serial killer? Oh, where'd you get that other picture?
Oh, that's just a blow up of wild. I just cropped it just a crop that there's David Berkowitz. The son of Sam. Read the message. No, actually, he's lovely compared to me. Read the little message there.
The little message. I didn't see it. There is no. I wrote you need to. Oh, yeah. Which one is the serial killer? That's the comment that the subject line. Oh, two of them are the son of Sam. The other one just wants some ham. Oh, no, not not for me. Don't hate.
Prief. I really don't like him. Ham is kind of tasteless. I love him. It's hard to cut and it's tasty. No, no, no, you go into the deli. You get yourself some like some honey smoked ham or something all thin sliced and everything. And then you get the smoke on it. You just roll it up and eat it with your fingers on the ham too. That not for me. I'm not a big ham man. Yeah. Okay. Well, let me delete that. I'll take your portion. Oh, Travis says all I can say about that picture is. And then he's got like 70 ease. Uh, 50.
Use you like that. You like that. Paul Castanova. Paul Castanova said the fake Paul Castanova. What's the weather today in Toronto?
Post is the right way Nazi. He is, but he's gay for you. Love you, Neil. Paul Castanova. The fake one. Of course. It's a little bit of sunshine out there. What is the weather? I'd rather look at that. Look at those damn stocks. God, that's depressing. Ain't it? Yep. It's really depressing. Oh, life with regions and kelly is.
Now I'm missing that Christ. Okay. Let me see with the attempt. Oh, it's only 52. It's going to be 18 today.
It was 64. That's not so bad. It's going to be toasty. Great day for wood buying. Don't let me forget about 130.
All right. All dressed up. Get shoes on my pantalooning. I will. Here's one from Mike and Fort Myers. It says, just wondering which shirtless
stud is on autographed counter in the background and help me get out of this place. Now that's interesting. I don't
know. Let me go back to the picture again. There's a shirtless stud on the in the back. You see any shirtless
stud on the wall behind me? Because I don't have that blow it up. No, sounds like swishful thinking,
Mark. You better get out of Fort Myers before they find out. Looks like it's a calendar, maybe, or something.
Oh, over your shoulder. Yeah. But that don't have no shirtless guys on it. Yes, it is.
It's a shirtless guy and it's a calendar. It's probably. Yeah. Oh, that must be the German counter. Those twins.
Is that the moment it's a single guy? It's an individual. Oh, geez. Well, if he's single, maybe he wants to mingle.
Too bad. I don't have the picture of those solo men like calendar. There's exercise chart underneath it. So what? It's a solo flex calendar.
A solo exercise chart underneath the moon picture. Okay. So see I'm working out. I can see it. Here's the poll from yesterday. What's the most
embarrassing thing that can happen to you? 897 votes. Puping your pants, having no place to run and or hide while it
runs down your leg for 163. Automally ripping a tremendous and sticky fart Joyce in a quiet room full of people. 160.
Being caught masturbating by one or both of your parents, 125 being caught with weird porn, 68. Getting your period messing up your pants and
somebody's couch or chair, 41. Pying in your pants, having no place to run and or hide while it runs down your leg, 40 out of 897.
Should we take a look at today's poll? Digging out some of these oldies and baddies, but that's the way it goes.
Because you know, you people aren't sending me any good suggestions. If we get anything good, we use it.
Maybe Brandon could do the poll. I put the one up there again about the drugs. Oh, no, that's yeah, that's the one today.
About racism. That's the one for tomorrow. And I'll say no, Brandon. Eric hasn't put it on there yet.
So maybe somebody will send me a really good one for tomorrow. But I doubt. I doubt it.
Projects, Sport Radio 560 QAM, the fourth leader.
The biggest name, the best talent. It's a big dog, Joe Rose.
Weakly morning 7 a.m. Where's South Florida sports? Always matters.
Always matters. Sport Radio 560 QAM, M.M.V. Sports Leader.
Neil Rogers got Barack Obama believes kindergarteners should be taught about sex.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
John McCain wants to stay in Iraq for a hundred years.
I'm Barack Obama and I approve this message.
Barack Obama wants to force you to have an abortion, even if you don't want to.
And the abortion will be performed by a terrorist on an American flag.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
John McCain wants to force you to have babies, even if you're a man.
And the penalty for having an abortion will be death.
I'm Barack Obama and I approve this message.
In 2005 Barack Obama voted to make everyone have AIDS.
I'm John McCain and become transvestite crackhead heroin junky porn actors.
I'm John McCain and he puked on an American flag.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
John McCain is 217 years old. He's going to die in office.
And Sarah Palin will make you eat mousse.
What do you mean mousse?
Yes.
You really think people are going to believe this?
Yes.
I'm Barack Obama.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
Oh yeah, let's have some mousse.
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
Oh,
But a beat.
Forming our financial system.
Oh,
God.
I'm 584 is what we got on a poll right now for fact.
Chris, we're going for 750 today 800.
800.
We can do that.
You better do it or you're not coming in on Friday.
Okay.
I'm not, I'm not the buying that whole deal.
You better get that straightened out.
Yeah, I'm kind of figuring if I don't hear anything.
I'm just not going to come in Friday.
Because he probably doesn't even realize the game of the day off again.
So in other words,
you know, we do want to be here on Friday.
No, I do want to be here, but I'm not going to pass up having a today's off on a week in a week.
I don't want to be here on Friday.
No, you don't want to be here.
I don't.
I don't want to be here any day.
I want to win the lot of the Friday and tax free.
What?
That's all not be here on Friday.
No, we got to work on Friday.
Well, what kind of holiday is Friday?
Is it so?
Chris, yeah,
That's so.
So.
All you all bigoted Jews out there, you better vote for the Schwarzev.
Let me tell you that right now.
That really just frosted my eyes.
The great schlepper votes.
Oh, brother.
I mean, what would you be embarrassed to go on CNN or like on camera anywhere?
Even like in Opalaka and go on camera and just,
Oh, I don't know.
He's a different color.
Cox a hoist, honey.
God.
That was down to 70.
590 votes.
590.
What's your recreational drug of choice?
Alcohol.
331.
Merit, you mean, 170.
Other prescription designer, etc.
has got 30.
About 30, man.
I don't do drugs.
26.
Damn good thing we added that.
Cocaine 15 acid.
7 heroin.
6 ecstasy.
5 ecstasy.
My ass.
I don't know about the crystal meth.
No, thanks.
No, I'm going to do you want to put that on there?
If you wish.
When you say recreational drug of choice, I mean, what, you know,
yeah, as opposed to prescription that you take for your, like your blood pressure medicine.
Well, then why do you have other prescriptions,
prescriptions shouldn't be on there in this.
Yes, yes, it should be.
Oh, that's right.
Some people do a prescription for fun.
Two and all X and, you know, the pain pills like,
we're doing.
Two and all.
Rush does, you know, choose the oxy.
Oh, and look at this.
The best online pharmacy, Margaret says, by the cheapest LaVitra in our online pharmacy.
I just got that on my crack group.
Just as we were speaking now, but I'm telling you, my psychic powers,
I sure hope I find me a good machine today.
And they're all done with the comments about that picture.
I thought we'd be overwhelmed.
Overwhelmed.
I did.
The comments.
I got a couple more here, but that's it.
Would you go see religious, even though Bill Mars in it?
Yes, no, who's Bill Mars?
Oh, this is a poor idea.
Oh, give me a break.
That, that, will you go see religious is worth a poll?
Come on and even Brandon sent me a bad one about the internet.
I guess we just won't do the poll for tomorrow.
Unless you want to stick with that one, the old one that I yanked out.
Do you consider yourself somewhat racist, not racist at all, or very racist?
Okay.
We did that before.
Do you want to hear the result from the first time?
Sure.
We probably didn't have more than once.
I say, let's do like footy did.
Look what it did for him.
Where can you get the best weenie in town, you know?
What a jerk.
I'm Annie or something.
I don't even blame him.
I blame the people.
I blame Ken Charles and the fools at Cheap Channel for putting him on the ear.
It proofs you're a talk show host, you know?
Such disrespect for this craft.
For this crap.
We had 477 votes as all we had the first time.
That's way back was poll number 16.
But that must be a long time ago.
We've been on this station way too long, you know what?
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Way well, nothing we can do now.
Nobody wants us now.
Somewhat racist 297, not racist at all 111 and very racist 68.
Yeah, he's not the same color.
So that's the poll that we got on there now today about the drugs, recreational, etc.
And we got I think 600 votes.
I bet 603.
Fat Chris.
Our goal is 45 million is our goal.
Say what?
We don't get 45 million votes.
We're going to have Josh Friedman is going to come in and take a big dump on Chris's head.
Please now.
Yes.
Now sit on your face and take a huge dump.
Oh, yeah.
And then he's going to stick a scalpel in his poop.
And 400 pounds of cottage cheese munger going to come spewing out all over your body.
Well, he was just, he wasn't just fat.
He was disgusting.
Is he still across the street, Josh Friedman?
I think so.
Good.
Better than than us.
Better than than us.
God.
Once upon a time when he was there and the Humper was there,
because, uh, and me and who else, what were the other fat people?
That was a really fat place once upon a time.
Now, not so fat.
Hank has gone.
I'm not there in the building.
We got fat Chris and I think that's it.
We got any other fat people and these.
Oh, yeah.
And Jolly Jo and Zach.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
We got plenty of pork.
Demzy says what came to mind on that picture?
Who took the picture?
George and my friend Dave took the picture.
Not he your best friend?
Yes.
That's the first 20 years ago where you're living in Kendall.
Right now I was not.
I was not in Kendall.
I was in plantation.
I lived in Kendall also.
The backdrop looks like an apartment.
I lived in.
Did you live in Navajo apartment?
So I'm Kendall driving about 99th Avenue?
No, I never lived there there.
I lived in Kendall for a couple of years.
Few years, I guess, but way long ago.
I lived in four quarters habitat and then I moved down to horizons and then
town gate.
I bought a townhouse in town gate.
Had some nice tenants there when I got that a lot of Kendall.
And then I sold it to them and I don't know what happened after that.
And I don't care.
I don't care.
No, it was in plantation.
And I can't begin to tell you the name of the joint.
It's not too far from the sunrise and.
Yeah.
Yeah, somewhere.
Oh, no, Pine Island.
It's just it's just to the west of what that shopping center.
It's got the wind.
Dixie there in the whole deal on the corner.
And the schlockbuster.
So whatever the name of that place is,
somebody will tell me what it is.
And what turns us to make where it was?
Jesus God.
Here's one from all Mr. Radio.
I blocked him yesterday, but for some strange reason he made a comeback.
Does that block thing not always work?
It's the same address.
It's Mr. Radio 610.
Good morning, Neil.
I missed the open of the show, but I believe that lady was talking about the old bit.
Scott Chapin did about the bird.
Did you know,
a cousin, Brucey was on serious.
He sounds great.
He still does great talkups.
Guess what, Mr. Radio?
I don't know and I don't care.
And he's a real a-hole just like you, Mr. Radio.
Cousin, Brucey.
A good pair. Why don't you alope with him?
We're just alope with his hairpiece would be good.
Mr. Radio is back.
He's open to you, Roger.
No need.
Real no need.
Yes, sir.
Probably back for it.
Leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Manditz.
Afternoons, 4-7.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The Sports Leader.
We're at my junior, honey.
I miss his boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV?
Well, just about anything.
But that hasn't stopped MSNVC from teaming up with Radio's original bad boy,
who now looks like a nasty old lady.
Listen, Bernie.
I'm a...
Tell that intern this coffee sucks.
Yes, every morning, see I'm a...
Listen to a tape of other people's comedy bits.
Why, Bob?
On the air.
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin.
Somebody to pass the press one plate like you.
See his wild behind the scenes at it.
I listen to me stupid.
I am the I-Man, you are the wallers.
Cocoa-Cucon-Cucon.
Now get me some fresh coffee or your fire.
I'm a...
He's irreverent.
So, uh, what's the deal with the poll?
He's topical.
So, uh, what's the deal with this water game right now?
He's in coherent.
I'll tell you why.
That, uh, is it double or my credit?
What the hell is this bottle?
He's...
I just found his glory.
And he's only on MSNVC,
a cable channel nobody watches,
and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to.
And then somebody gets some fresh jingle.
It's...
I'm a...
1044-560 W. Kimmy got the big O to a clock to 7,
and part two of his all day extravaganza.
All big O all the time.
Rock solid.
That's the new format.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
The offense tonight, 7 to 8,
as they continue to lament that horrendous blow, uh,
deal they did at the end of the game.
I can't say a job.
Uh, 8 o'clock we got the...
Oh, look at that.
We got the affiliates in the Dodgers,
the last game of that series.
Am I right?
Aren't the affiliates and three games to one?
I believe so, yes.
And that's the three to one over the Dodgers
who swept the Cubs.
How about that Cubs bad wagon, nearly on it yet?
Hohohoho!
Or some of you people are just all ass.
You know, I mean, that picture is pretty embarrassing,
but at least there was that big puppet,
you know, and the hair and the whole deal.
Some of these people out there in radio land are all ass.
Brackdom.
Do you ever see a walking ass?
Just this mortal one.
Anyway, the reason I played that mix is,
I listened to Don I'mus this morning on 9.40,
was my first time listening to him on the radio.
Wow, that guy is unintelligible.
He talks like he's got a mouthful of elephant droppings.
By the way, the Bradley effect is the biggest pile of
Christmas theory ever, ever only perpetuated by the talking heads
because after all they need something to talk about.
Finally, a question for you.
Could I have emailed you 10 years ago?
10 years ago, could I have gotten to him?
Remember that?
Yeah.
Well, that's what he's talking about.
See, very subtle, but he knows I'm sharpened
off still at this advanced stage to get his subtle jab there.
Virgil Salutsso, could I have gotten to him 10 years ago?
Well, that's over.
Donas did.
Don't be scared, Tom.
Oh, here's one that says, holy crap.
You look like the Jew hamburger with stretch marks.
It's a good thing you lost all that weight.
Now you look like an adonis, yeah, by comparison.
Is this the reason George smokes so much
to erase this traumatic memory?
I didn't know George then.
Although I guess when you started, I was that fat.
Yep.
Keep up the good work and the way it off.
PS, why do you need three with annoying pomp and
o' park weightless voice?
Well, what does that mean?
Why do you need three, four?
Does that mean three people on the show?
Why don't you speak it in English?
No speaking English.
No speaking English.
You know, that's a sad part of it.
Is that even the people who can speak English,
they can't communicate right?
Why do you need three?
Does he mean three people on the show?
I don't know.
That's because we need fat christen here to run the spots.
You know who probably is asking us, Greg Reed.
Remember they used to come around and look,
yeah, we had a lot of things.
Yeah, they had to have a crew of five for every other show,
but why do you people need a...
Yeah, why do you need three people to do this show?
No, we didn't until you went to Toronto.
Right.
You have no idea what's going on in here
and when somebody's unavailable.
What does that mean?
Somebody needs to be paying attention to you
and stay on mic all the time and somebody else needs to be paying attention
to all the nuts and bolts in my news.
And the people coming in the door
changing spots all around and everything.
Really?
We tried it for a week.
It didn't work.
What spots?
Oh yeah, well, in those days we used to have some.
The recorded ones.
The ones that have the...
637 votes on Fat Chris's poll.
He's pretty pumped about that.
Super.
Super duper.
Daniel says,
did you notice how pissed off Keith Oberlin was last night about McShame?
Yes, I did.
I saw he was great.
Another one of his special comments.
I don't know why he calls it special comments.
As if to like separate that from the rest of the show is like,
this is Keith Oberlin editorial.
As if the whole show isn't.
It is.
And I love it.
And Willettaman ripped his ass Thursday or stuck up to him.
Actually, it's a typo.
He says,
Willettaman,
rip his ass Thursday.
Maybe they met rape.
I would imagine McShame at his advanced stage as proud.
His ass is probably pretty ripe already.
I don't know and I don't care because I don't watch Willettaman.
I don't care.
If that's what the election is all about,
who's going to get Ripcom Letterman and Ba-da-ba-ba-ba?
Yeah, it's just, it's sad.
Very sad.
Enough to make you cry.
Like that old Jew and wherever the hell she was in.
Dearfiel, Delray.
Oh, he's not the same color.
I'm not comfortable with him.
He's not the same color.
Moe said, oh, this is from Moe, the real Moe.
The imitation Moe, the fake Moe.
I'm very upset with you, Mr. Rogers.
You continued to slander my good name after being repeatedly told not to do so.
My two pay and I are now going to sue you.
You'll be receiving a subpoena in the mail any day now.
You're a very bad man as I can see from the new picture on the website.
You're a very fat and hairy as well.
I almost threw up Geldey's balls when I saw that picture.
Stopping from me or I'm going to kill you, a chicken neck.
Little hostile, DeMo.
How much he is listening.
Now, what do we discover that he's doing these days?
I didn't know the Chris.
I don't remember.
He was doing some games.
Is somebody was he doing games?
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, and he's sparsely doing some of the college ones like here's one last year.
No, not college, NFL.
Hey, a guy of his statue.
He don't lower himself to do college football.
We leave that to the amateurs like Brent Mausberger and the Keith Jackson.
They can do the college games and that guy that everybody just hates.
Tells his name.
I don't know what that is.
No, not Kirk Jurch Street.
That's he don't do games.
He does games.
He does play by play.
Oh, no, color guy.
The player play that people don't like.
Yeah, the guy that hates you and hates the dolphins and Jim.
Right?
I guess he says everybody thinks he's hates everybody.
He's just awful.
He's like vanilla ice cream and he's like a plain, unflavored yogurt.
Holly says I just tuned in so I don't know if you mentioned this,
but did you see Keith Olderin go off on John McCain on Countdown last night?
Yes, I did.
It was a thing of beauty.
Neil, if you are God, then keep this Jesus.
Keep up the good.
Great work.
Thank you, Holly.
I wonder Holly saw that picture yet on the pole.
But, Ellie, it's not.
I'm just shocked.
I thought once we put that picture on there that people would.
Oh, here's one from Crystal.
Crystal Rodriguez.
Neil, how are you?
Haven't talked to you in a long time.
I want to start thanking you for keeping my deadbeat husband employed.
And also thanks to you, I can sleep with a pool man,
male man, gardener, plumber, painter, etc.
all day long because small penis George is at work.
I need you to do me a favor.
Neil, please tell my husband to lose some weight and grow some balls.
He's becoming very fat.
He's turning gay with all his rollerskating.
Please, Neil, I can't stand this spick bastard anymore.
If he doesn't grow up here, I'm just going to kill myself and him too.
Sign Crystal.
You know that that would be almost perfectly accurate except
we don't have a pool.
So that's how you know it's not her.
Oh, almost had it.
It was almost perfect.
Well, I mean, do you think that any of these emails are legit?
That's not a requirement.
If you want to email us, just write a bunch of crap.
The fake human being, you know what?
Neil at NeilRoger's.com.
That was down 360.
360.
Wow.
New polls release at noon in the Keyes Wing states.
I'll keep my fly on that.
There's Bill Schneider on there, pontificating.
In the state of Georgia, which ought to be a reliable Republican state.
So those five states will have the numbers for you a little over an hour from now.
Well, thank God for that.
You don't know, let me forget to or keep glued to that.
As if I'm going to change the channel, right?
Nothing I want to watch this swill.
Tim says very funny photo.
Kudos for having a sense of humor by posting it.
Yeah, I wonder how many of you people would have if you were in my shoes,
if you would have posted that.
Not me out of bird that picture.
Right.
And didn't I tell you I said, have Eric put it on there?
I can laugh at myself.
It's a disgusting grotesque picture, man.
Anybody who lets himself get into that kind of shape, Chris,
is shameful, disgraceful.
And you know something when I see really, really fat people,
I think to myself, how could anybody let himself or herself get that grotesque?
And then and now I look at that picture, I'm thinking,
look who's talking.
Look who's talking fat boy.
Well, there's another one I was talking about,
former fat people in the building.
Yeah, that's right.
Fat boy.
Wow.
Got a loser written all over that gigantic ass of his.
Anyway, Tim says, by the way, it loads a little slowly.
It's probably a little too high resolution,
maybe Eric ought to repost at a lower resolution.
It loads slowly.
Must be your computer, Tim.
Not for those of us who have a real internet.
Real, yeah, real internet and real PCs.
Try Serrano Ham, Tim says, not the sweet, but the regular.
It's very good.
Get it out of Delhi.
They have Ham and Toronto.
I know.
Yeah, this is a hog town.
That's the nickname for the city.
Hog town.
I don't know why that is.
Do you know why that is?
Nope.
Mike in Bokers says, the only comment I would have is,
who took it and why?
Please, please leave it as a reminder to all of us who struggle with our weight,
slash appearance.
Okay, we're leaving it up there forever.
He wants to know who took it and why?
I already told you.
Now, Kenny Gramer, the former IOD, what do you do there?
He was a production assistant for the most part.
Thank you, Ransom Board.
Also, he says, hi, Neil, it's your buddy, buddy Nevin's.
I love to pick you just posted on your website.
It reminds me the good old days.
I included my Facebook page in case you're interested.
Can I make you my friend?
You're my friend.
So Kenny Gramer is sending us the buddy Nevin's stuff from Facebook.
And guess who one of buddy's friends is?
I give up.
You.
Okay.
Why are you on buddy Nevin's Facebook page?
I'm on buddy Nevin's Facebook page.
Uh-huh.
It's that picture of you and that chicken you got your, you know,
that look on your face, your cheek to cheek, then it's not me.
I mean, he, then he did.
It's a picture on there.
Oh, shame on you, Kenny.
And then there's a bunch of other people
and nobody ever heard of on here.
Like six other people.
See those of us like you who have our,
our pictures on the internet right click save.
Anybody can save a picture of us and put it anywhere?
Well, I see.
Well, your picture is much bigger.
It's like three times as big as any of the other ones on there.
I didn't know you and buddy were that close.
Yeah, picture of buddy by the way.
He's like really.
But really.
Oh, buddy.
He's my nutty buddy.
Is he really?
Oh, yeah, he needs some help.
He's got some real issues, you know, I mean,
but then again, don't we all?
If you got some issues, get you some clinics issues and tissues, baby.
That was down 337.
It's under 9000.
Wow.
And look how many votes we got on the poll.
66.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
Heavy duty.
Oh, Tracy's got a poll.
Your talk of Raymeland gave me a new pool idea.
I feel old when a long time celebrity gets older dies.
I remember when gas was under a bucket gallon talking about my favorite old
movies, music TV, et cetera.
I talked to young people.
I feel old when.
What do you think?
I think that's an excellent poll.
We've never done that before.
It's something that we can have fun building, etc.
You go.
Tracy and Kendall.
P.A.
was grand Hitchcock's dial in from her.
That's correct.
By the way, I'll be calling you soon, Tracy.
For what?
Really?
For a while.
Wow.
For some business.
Before after you called buddy Nevin's.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
You're the real largest sports like you.
560 Q.A.M.
The.
Fourth.
League.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 W Q.A.M.
My.
Miami for the Latter-day.
This is the Neil Roger show.
You you you you you you you you you very, this is your brain.
Any questions.
Slow down.
You're driving too fast.
It's just a road.
And I'm down to my last.
But I'm spreading out and getting
mellow.
You do do do do.
Talking to me.
The dough dough shavings around.
It's hard to sleep.
I know it's for struggling to come.
Shaft on me.
What?
Who they want from this old.
Yet.
I'm just sitting here.
Talk to the.
Do me.
I'm a good.
Whereup.
Everything.
Who they got in the shower.
It's 11.
I wanted 560 WQA.
I'm happy it wins the drum really bitterly disappointed.
You believe me?
No.
That we don't have 85 million responses emails on there about that picture.
They'll they'll come around.
You'll see.
They'll be this like the late effect.
What?
As people show up and start voting and see the picture.
On by the way speaking of that I just emailed the tell Eric if he's in the window.
To a schmit can that pull about the do you consider yourself racist?
Forget about that.
That's an only but baddie.
And I email I.
I asked him the one from Tracy.
And I added a couple of choices on there.
I feel old when I look in the mirror or I'm asked if I'm a senior citizen.
You know when I go to Mickey D's to get my ainess burger with the bacon and cheddar.
There's this one nasty little old bitch she works there.
And she always said, oh, now about this.
I'll say, you know, give me a maness burger with bacon and cheddar and a small die coke.
Oh, I'll give you the senior die coke.
It's cheaper.
You're kidding.
No, I'm not kidding.
The senior die coke.
For senior citizens.
It's a bargain, sonny.
That's right.
Oh, you old people.
You live for a bargain, don't you?
No, especially at Mickey D's.
I feel like saying to her if I was looking for bargains when I'd be coming if I was that
shorter casha.
You know, what I mean?
I'm here.
Price, restaurant like McDonald's.
Right.
Lisa says,
would you come down now?
Since crystal sent that cost to email.
Yeah.
About screwing the mailman and the poolman.
Uh-huh.
Somebody else's poolman, I'm sure.
Well, there you go.
I'll pull that store on with that.
No, no items in this view.
Neil at neorodges.com on the emails.
But that's heartbreaking is what it is.
Just heartbreaking.
I blocked about a half a dozen mudnicks on there and now that leaves nothing else.
Which believe me, I have no regrets about blocking those idiots.
Where?
Where?
Yeah, we had enough of that on the phone, but now also on the email.
And then Mr. Radio got back in there again.
How the hell did he do that?
You're the one that told me about the blocking thing.
He might have sent it from a different place.
So it's a different URL or something like that.
And, um, you know, desperate, desperate.
By the way, is that the same email or just the same name?
Because there are two different things.
You can have the same email address.
Okay.
He makes a ten.
Six ten.
Six freaking ten.
Probably Ken Charles.
He's got nothing else going on over there.
He's got Jimmy Cifilis on in the morning.
What a disgrace.
What an absolute disgrace.
Lisa says, love your show.
All this time about Acorn is just to be publicans trying to whip the public into a frenzy before election day.
Oh yeah, they registered the same guy 73 times.
Now, who cares?
Register them off 7,000 times.
If that's what it takes to counteract the fixed voting machines, that's what we got to do.
They're trying to discredit the voter registration submitted by Acorn because
of their lack of ability to get new Republicans registered.
As we all know, when you show up at the poll, you have to show ID.
So where's the fraud?
That's right.
When I'm talking about fraudulent votes, we're talking about the fraudulent registrars,
right or whatever.
My husband has been recruited by the Democratic Party to be a poll monitor around election day.
One of the requirements to be a monitor is to be a lawyer, but he's also white and Jewish.
Oi!
He's ready to volunteer all election days part of his civic duty.
Also, he's participating in a mandatory training session to review newly enacted
Florida laws to make sure everyone is treated fairly.
Go Obama, Mrs. Lisa.
Nice going, Lisa.
And that's pretty much it for the emails, I think.
I got a pile of...
Oh no.
Oh my god, here's a lengthy thing about the National Organization for Women's
and Dorothe Obamac Biden ticket, and they usually never endorse anybody, but yada yada yada.
Oh, there's a few of them here.
Don't panic now.
Might actually have to take some calls like yesterday.
I hope not.
What do you think?
They weren't that bad yesterday.
They're all right.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
NEO.
Yes.
I don't know if you visited the MSNBC website, but they're saying the training is being rushed
to the hospital for an abnormal heart condition.
For lack of a heart?
You got it.
Wouldn't it be incredible if he croaks before the election?
What do you know?
The interesting part of it is I'm on MSNBC right now, and they've got some
chicken they're talking about tonight's debate.
What?
If he has a condition, they might say, let me say it again.
Wouldn't you think if it was on the MSNBC website that they'd be talking about on MSNBC?
I just saw it like a minute ago.
Yeah, well, good luck here.
You believe that?
No.
Let me go to the website.
Let me go to MSNBC's.
I don't believe for a second.
There's any chance.
They'd be all over this.
No, there's nothing on there.
Oh, yeah, here it is.
I apologize profusely.
Vice President Cheney experiences abnormal heart rhythm plans to visit the hospital.
This is not a big like the end of the world.
Doctors found recurrence of abnormal rhythm.
The White House says.
That he was doing those tap dance.
They said, boy, that's an abnormal rhythm, Dick.
When you think he'd have abnormal anything,
he'll receive an outpatient procedure later today to restore his normal health heart rhythm
after Dr. Spatter Recurrence of arterial fibrillation.
A big deal, okay?
Put that kid out of the animal and send him back where he came from.
Send it back to Raul.
Get out of here.
Oh, I saw it on the MSNBC website.
They said Cheney was rushing the hospital if he's going to die.
But if he's going to be better, yeah.
Well, that's an OV Crocs, okay?
Punk.
WDQA and hello.
I'm your friend.
Let's see.
Here's one from Jeremy.
It says, I feel like I'm breathing fresh air up in Montreal after escaping for a lot of
duh and later Baltimore after serving my four years near force.
It's a joy on earth up here.
In Montreal, especially compared to worse than the, you know,
something Baltimore city, especially compared to my parents who've lost their house and stuff
in Redfield, Mertle Beach South.
What is that?
Carolina says, Kaka, Kaka, Kaka, Kaka.
Anyone who wants to live like a free person to get you, head up 87 from, nobody from Jersey,
though, please.
And then it says, Paidlin secretly hides commies.
Cute, Jeremy.
Trying too hard to be funny and writing a bunch of stupid stuff.
Obama opens up a 14-poid lead on McCain and the CBS poll.
Oh!
And they found no heart in Dick Cheney.
Oh, they just said on the MSNBC website that Cheney is being rested at
the hospital and little pigeons are farting on his face.
God.
What was I saying to you before the show today about morons?
Yeah, that they said.
As an epidemic and they have moronitis.
So many morons so little time.
Oh, Chris, Wail and all good.
I love the ones from Chris.
Oh, woo.
Now he was tapping this out while you weren't paying any attention, I guess.
I'm going to read it on the air, fatso.
Do not allow to.
But I will read it.
What I say, I will.
I will read it.
705 votes on your poll while I'm printing that email from you out.
709.
What did I say?
We're going to get 800.
I say 900.
That's because we got a whole batch of new people on there now that we have that
picture of me.
The naked picture from a hundred years ago right under the poll.
709.
What is your recreation drug of choice?
By the way, is Eric going to put that poll on there from Tracy?
Yeah, I feel old when.
Nice going, Eric.
He is the best.
Annie.
Yep.
Usually.
Recreation of drug of choice is booze, of course, 383 alcohol.
Marriage, a whiny 197.
I don't do drug 61.
Yeah, we believe you.
I don't, but I should start.
What would you suggest?
I know what you'd suggest.
Yeah, of course here.
I walked out yesterday.
I walked outside in the Pungent aroma of wacky weed was in the air.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Just, you know, outside.
I don't do drug 61 other prescription designer, etc. 31.
Cocaine 16 acid nine heroin seven ecstasy seven and crystal meth one.
712 vote.
As Chris decides whether he wants to stay on the shore.
He wants to do what ball games on the weekend.
Say what?
You heard what I said.
That's no choice.
Where's that email from?
I'll do it right after the break.
Very hostile email.
It didn't see this is good stuff.
This is the kind of stuff that we want badly.
We don't care that it's real or fake or whatever.
Just like that thing from buddy Nevin's and a Kenny Gramer.
Kenny's obsessed.
And I don't even know who he was.
Did I ever meet him?
I'm sure you did.
Did I know him?
Like Reddish Blonde.
He had a lot of hair in those days.
I don't know what it looks like these days.
Reddish?
It's like you know like a blonde bleeding towards red like a strawberry blonde.
I guess.
I mean wavy really.
He had it in a ponytail all the time.
But it was really thick and weird.
I never heard of such a person.
Yeah really a pasty really spotty.
Oh pasty?
Yeah.
He wore pasty like a ginger.
Oh no.
No wonder I've been trying to forget him.
Nice guy.
You could be a great guy.
I just don't want to see him.
I don't want to see him.
I'd rather see that picture of me in those boxed insurites.
Let's see.
Here's Colorado Obama 48 McCain 43.
You know it's it's getting to the far where he's going to be heading almost every state.
Like when George McCurvin I think one two states.
I think he won Massachusetts and maybe the district of Columbia.
There have been some real and the same in 64 with LBJ and Goldwater.
It could be a glanslide.
Tonight's day last debate.
Thank God.
And McShane promises he's going to bring up William Ears tonight.
Boy that'll blow up right in his face.
Can you imagine?
Oh please do.
Yeah.
Week after week more and more people are taking the advantage of Neil Sam Price.
Deals starting tomorrow at noon.
You can buy $100 certificates for just 50 bucks to Jake Sparring Grill on Red Road.
Just east of US one.
Jake's is known as a watering hole for grownups and that it certainly is.
However, Jake's also become a favorite in Coral Gables in South Miami for their sensational
food like their macadamia-crusted mahi.
Hold the bone to the yellowtail or their snapper.
Meat lovers feast on their famous steaks and ribs.
Right now, Jake's has got their steaks special every Thursday night with your choice of a
16 ounce New York strip and eight ounce tenderloin or a 16 ounce bone in rib eye.
All just 18 bucks and you also get to choose the accompaniment and two sides.
Plus half price wine on Wednesdays like today and Sunday night it's authentic Memphis
barbecue and the kids get teet for free.
Jake's Bar and Grill 69-01 Red Road that's 57-AV call for reservations 305-662-8632
and get ready to buy $100 certificates that have prices 50 bucks tomorrow at noon on
wqam.com.
The Sports Reaver.
It's a lie.
I am not a Nazi.
I went to the South City Party.
I was invited by the priest.
He said, come with me.
I have some friends to see back in the Red Dairy.
When we got to the South City Party, there were some other priests in the book.
Then he dropped his pants and said, be a good laugh.
Your face I want and stuff.
And I realized now I didn't do very well.
If he cuts the priest, couldn't get all so it had to please himself.
I don't know where that one's going but I think we've been stopping in the stream.
Do you want to see where it ends?
No.
I know where it ends.
And George, he's chucked him but wait until he finds out I'm going to read the email
on here that he just sent me.
That I just sent you?
Well, I'll take you.
Wait.
Neil, Chris is before we, Chris is.
Chris is really becoming a bastard to work with.
I think he has stopped bathing altogether.
He smells like a taco mixed with turd and old cheese.
I saw him sneaking a salami in here the other day.
The size of your ass.
I think we should do a fundraiser on the site to pay for a liposuction for the fat slob of a man.
God, I hope this fat bastard gets canned sometime soon.
Take a bath, you fat pile of schmett.
Sign George.
No, I know how you really feel.
Yeah.
Sit and notice that nervous laugh?
Yep.
Busted.
But here's the one from Chris.
I really enjoy these the most.
Neil, I really wish you'd stop calling me fat on the year.
I'm really trying to lose weight and by getting called a fat type of crap at my job every day,
it doesn't help my situation.
I didn't want to tell you this but I'm secretly trying to get off your show.
I'm working extra hours on the weekend so Clarice will give me a day off during the week.
I don't know how much more this I can take.
Yesterday I drove by Taco Bell.
I couldn't help myself.
I ordered six of the new volcano tacos which are great by the way.
Three grilled stuffed burritos, four chalupas,
a nachos with cheese and a dyed coke.
I cannot help myself.
At least it wasn't a senior dyed coke.
Please stop calling me fat and Neil.
I cry myself this every night.
Although sometimes I beat my oh, I can't read that.
Something about his fat baloney while looking at that.
I'm wondering, thanks Neil.
I love you.
I'm Chris.
Wow.
Here's one from Matt.
Another starting to trickle in the emails like yesterday.
They're spastic.
You know, like the audience, like the public.
They're spastic.
How's it out doing?
Down three three three.
Oh, not so bad.
Not good.
Down three thirty three.
How about the connolly collection yesterday?
How that Stephen Freakin Harper and at frog.
No speaking English.
Just step on the yon.
What I tell you about him with the liberals here.
Keep running the worst candidates.
And then it's like, oh gee, I can't understand why we lost.
But I live in the speaking English.
No speaking English.
You'd get the biggest kick out of that convenience
through across the street.
Oh, but the Chinese market.
It's not really a Chinese market,
but it's a Chinese couple that run it.
No speaking English.
Oh my god.
I told you the thing about the heaven we hash.
Yes.
And unfortunately they found it.
Matt says you look like Barney Fags twin sister
in that pick nice boobies.
By the way, while working in the film industry
in LA about 15 years ago,
we shot in the church where that window is
the picture below you.
Now what is what's the picture below me?
The state.
All that.
Oh yeah.
The fake church.
Yeah.
I took a polar word of it.
It meant to send it to you but never got around.
I'm glad you finally saw it.
Right.
Rip me if you want but I think Rachel
Maddo is kind of cute.
Go bomb it says.
Yeah, Rachel Maddo.
For a guy.
Yeah.
No, actually for a guy she's ugly too.
She's pasty and plain Jane.
She is the stereotypical plain Jane
bike.
Now here's a cute one.
A George would maybe this is a little less
in for you.
A treasure coast man is arrested for
allegedly trying to pay for his McDonald's
meal with green as in marijuana
not greenbacks.
Yeah, I heard that story.
You did?
Yeah.
Police say Sean Panulo went through a
Viral Beach Mickey D's drive through
and tried to pay for his meal with pot.
The cashier called 911 and shortly after
a deputy pulled the car over.
Deputy says he found marijuana in the car
and arrested Panulo.
No word on what he ordered if he ended up
buying the meal using something other than pot.
Well, we want to know this is from
Channel 12 on West Palm Beach.
No word on what he ordered if he ended up
up paying with something other than pot.
Great South Florida story from the
newsroom of Channel 12.
By the way, somebody said Jennifer Ram
hasn't been in the market for two or three
years.
He's long gone from Channel 12.
So we got some misinformation on that
yesterday.
Dave Cheney's got a heart procedure.
WDQYM.
Hello.
I'm your friend.
I'm out there playing with a hockey stick.
Oh, another one from Matt.
Oh, I just I read that one already.
Sorry, sorry, Matt.
I thought Matt was getting chronic.
Something about the Barney Fags boobies.
Tom says remember yesterday.
Tom was a bugging me and I ripped him
and asked but it didn't make any difference.
Nope.
He was bugging me.
He couldn't listen online.
He couldn't vote on the poll.
Remember that?
Yep.
Neil, I still cannot vote or listen to you
on your site.
I was able to up until about three
months ago.
It says it's your webmaster.
Not me, George.
What do you mean it says?
He's he's using a well.
Well, he's using a well.
Well, good luck to him.
Exactly.
As for the picture of you in your drawers,
no comment.
If you can't say something nice,
keep a big mouth shut, right?
No, that's boring, Tom.
No, just keep bugging us about the
you can't do this and you can't do that.
That's interesting.
That's captivating.
Captivating radio.
Like Polly does, you know,
Polly and ancient Ron.
739 votes on Fat Chris's poll.
I'm sorry.
Oh, and here's somebody with an
attachment.
I don't I don't I don't have time for
those.
I'm just telling you right now,
those people are keeping sending me
attachments.
I don't have time.
Unless they're from George or
somebody I know.
Love them for a little fear of
flyers.
They lost the end last night.
I think Clark needs to return to
Boka retire.
Yeah, who cares?
Josie the fake Josie says,
oh my god, Neil, please, please
take down that hideous picture of
you on a website.
You know the movie ghost?
Will you look like that dead guy
in the subway that teaches Patrick
Swazie how to physically move
things while being a ghost?
Let me know when it's gone.
I'll return to the site.
Bye bye, Josie.
Tim says, did you shoot the friend
that shot the photo photo?
I have an aversion to full length mirrors.
I don't know if I would have my
overhang had I seen it coming.
Congrats, allowing losing the weight.
Good luck with the Atkins Regiment.
Says Tim and Miami losing what weight?
Well, you lost something you
found some.
Yeah, and then I found some of it
a little bit back.
Like I'm looking for congratulations.
I'm losing weight 20 years ago.
Now, actually, when I discovered the
Atkins, that's when I lost what?
I don't know, a whole bunch of weight.
Right.
Right.
Right.
And then we tried that the
Patriots is, I mean, that the
Nutri system.
Try them all, man.
Try them all.
I like, I like food.
I like to eat.
And I'm a slab, you know, like Paco says,
I look like homeless.
Oh, like he would.
Like he would be, yeah.
Yeah, it's not for.
No, yeah, you're not going to again.
Where can you ever stop?
No, no, no, no.
Can you ever stop?
What?
Your, your vicious anti-Mexican tirade has
nothing to do with Mexicans has to do with that.
I know.
Has to do with what?
Yes.
Chris, that was a real email from George, by the way.
Oh, wasn't.
It's true.
I'll make sure I go on and beat him up in the break.
That was almost 400 points.
Oh, and it's not even close to noon yet.
Boy, it's going to be a long dead.
Don't let me forget when it gets to noon.
CNN's going to breathlessly give us those new polls.
You know, it was heavy duty states.
The battleground states.
You're going to be on the edge of your seat?
Oh, yeah.
I would imagine that everybody in town is calling up a nod
to look at that picture.
I don't think they even get it.
There should be a caption on it.
That's what I told you.
We need a caption contest.
Oh, here we go, Chinese.
Oh, got the White House.
So, Kathleen, my understanding is that the Vice President will undergo an outpatient
procedure later today.
Yes, he will, Tony.
This is very similar to something that he underwent.
Roughly about a year ago, it was starting November 26th, 2007.
Basically, what happened is the Vice President came to work this morning.
Now, we didn't notice he was not present at the cabinet meeting.
We do have a photo here.
Stick his ass in the cabinet.
At yesterday's working group on the financial markets,
where he was seated next to the president.
But according to the Vice President,
spokesman Megan Mitchell, the Vice President,
came to work this morning.
And his usual time, 730,
shouldn't say what are not he still well.
Now, what kind of delivery is that?
Doctors were supposed to have at his office.
And they found that he was having the same problem he had in November of last year.
And it basically...
Yeah, well, Humbin Drared, how do you like that?
Maybe you'll croak before the day is out.
We can have some good news.
1126, a QM, George's cracking his knuckles again.
I heard it.
Yep.
The best deals on the most comfortable mattress on Earth are just a phone call away,
like they have been for a long time when you call 1-800 mattress.
Even in these tough times, you can afford just 13 cents a night to get a great night's sleep.
I'm sure that.
1-800 mattress has got a new ceiling model with memory foam and set start at just 13 cents a night.
Choose firm, plush or a pillow top, all at the same low price.
1-800 mattress is how far it is largest,
ceiling dealer with same-day delivery.
1-800 mattress has got no stores, which means lower overhead,
so then pass gigantic savings on to you.
Delivery whenever you choose, whenever it's convenient for you,
8-am to 10-pm, weekends, holidays, even the same day you call.
Call by kickoff, get your mattress by the post-game show.
All with the famous 1-800 mattress, 30-day in home comfort trial.
Think about it, a great ceiling mattress with memory foam,
delivered whenever you want, starting at just 13 cents a night.
Just do what I've been doing for a long, long time,
and what everybody at QM is doing too now.
Call 1-800 mattress today.
The one-on-only dollar mattress is go to the allnewmattress.com.
Just call 1-800-MATTRES.
Leave off that last S stands for Sensational Stupendous Savings.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent for physical projects,
Fortlea 560 QAM,
The Fort Lead.
Holy macken on, this is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neal God.
Yes, I am.
All right, good having you.
Oh, thank you for that warm welcome.
Here we go.
The Royal Report is the official e-newsletter of this Hockey Team.
I love those Hockey moms.
You know they say the difference between a Hockey mom and a pit bull?
Lipstick.
Oh no.
Okay, let's get back into this.
The Republican Party reunited when the Bull Moose Party evaporated
after nominating this man as president.
Senator John McCain.
No, sorry.
All right, you lost a bit there.
You're still in consensions.
Before reaching the Oval Office,
this Bachelor president served as Minister to Russia in the 1830s.
There are next door neighbors,
and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
That is wrong.
We may need to check for brain activity.
You know, this Mr. Radio of all the people that have emailed on here,
that includes a lot of real idiots, morons,
beans and ES, Yenthas, this is the worst.
Now, did you just forward that thing to me?
Yep.
Why is he bothering me?
I didn't do that.
Oh, there's other people in this goes for the phones and everything like that,
since I sat down to do the show.
Other people want me to bother you on their behalf.
Well, don't do it.
Exactly.
From George Rodriguez, by way of Mr. Radio.
Yeah.
And what is that new OIC Mail 2, Mr. Radio 610 at hotmail.com?
Subject Jim Scholar.
Hi, George.
I don't want to bother Nail, as he's annoyed by my emails.
And so is George.
He don't want to smear.
He don't want to know from you.
He don't want to know that you're alive.
What whatever kind of slimeball you are.
Can you ask Neil to explain how he came to know Jim Scholar?
If you ever work at WINZ or WIOD, he was great.
Don't ask.
I won't tell, as if I remember.
And who would care anyway?
See, the whole purpose of the show is to inform and entertain Mr. Radio with Radio Trivia
that nobody could give a crap less about including us.
I'm getting choked up again over it.
Just like yesterday.
Now David, in Miami, sure, it sends me this.
I don't know if you've seen this website.
Yes, I have, David.
Electro-vote.com.
It's updated as new polls are released to show Obama with a huge lead.
The biggest surprise is that today it's even showing North Dakota now leaning toward Obama.
Can you believe that? North Dakota?
I believe it's been a solid red for months.
I'll only three electoral votes, but if the North Dakotans are going to vote for a black man,
they must really distrust McCain.
And so I clicked on the link and I got the latest and the greatest today.
And as it stands right now, Obama is leading
or a lock in states with 357 electoral votes, McCain 181.
Almost double, almost two to one.
The state's barely Democratic, Nevada, Florida,
North Carolina, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, and North Dakota.
Indiana.
How do you like that?
Barely Democratic, but nevertheless,
shocking, Virginia, North Carolina.
Strong Democratic. Look at all the ones.
Hawaii, Washington, Oregon, California,
all the way to them.
And see, I didn't do this right because it's shaded.
It's red and blue.
You know, I'm saying so, uh, I don't have a color printer.
So I'd have to go back to the thing.
I don't want to misread.
Wisconsin, Michigan, Illinois.
Iowa, strong Democratic.
Basically, McCain is only heading like the cracker states.
And didn't build what's his name on CNN a little while ago.
And he said, Schneider, say that even Georgia now is like, um,
week, week, GOP, Georgia.
I missed that.
That's good enough.
Georgia, Georgia.
Now, what the hell is all this?
Oh, this is more crap from that same page.
And thanks a lot, uh, whoever sent that.
I wanted to print out that one page.
And of course, knowing me, you print it out 800 pages.
Wasted my fax paper band.
769 votes on the fact Chris is pulling quick column.
Fact Chris, he's really hates you like poison now.
Now, after I outed you with that,
caustic email, you said,
Neil at nearroges.com, by the way,
the email is plenty of vacancy in the end.
As in, there's nothing on there now.
I hate that.
Don't you hate that when you click on the inbox and there's not
no items in this view?
It's like, nobody loves me.
Yeah.
Or no, like they got nothing to say.
Like, that's a real shock.
Yeah, that's that's a really special.
And especially after putting that picture after after after taking my life into my own hands.
And humiliating and degrading myself just for the entertainment value of the audience
for a chuckle or two, you know, right?
That's right up there with the, you know,
telling the pants, uh, stories, the poopy pants.
That's right.
Even beyond that.
Because this is a visual.
And in spite of that, you know, what I get, like, five or six people with a comment about that.
And probably because most of them look like that, most of them are fat.
I wonder how many people in the audience would like to, would be willing to send a picture
of themselves, damn, and they're, and they're shorts with a huge poopy stickin' out, huh?
I would not.
I bet you Chris Whalen wouldn't.
No.
Because he's a whale of a guy.
Is that how you got your name?
Oh, no.
You sure now?
Yeah.
770 on a poll.
77.
Cousin, Brucey was, uh, is unserious.
That's what Mr. Radio says.
So help me, God, if Mr. Radio sends one more email.
I'm going to explode right on the ear.
See, I'm, I'm getting my flim back again.
I was doing good.
I sounded great.
Relapse.
It's all his for now and a half.
Now I'm having another flim relapse from Mr. Radio.
I know, Neil, those who want to be bothered,
then why don't you go away, you jackass?
It's got to be fat boy.
I, I, I believe so.
Yeah.
It's got to be him or maybe his voice is 10.
Yeah.
Is he over there?
No, I don't know.
But makes sense.
He used to.
Where, where did he surface?
Where did he land and bounce when he left here last time?
Didn't he go to Waxi where all the other people, uh, go?
I don't know.
He did?
I don't know.
I thought he went to the chief channel.
Ask PD Lenny.
He'll tell you that's right.
That's a garster engine.
PD Lenny.
What is your recreational drug a choice?
770 votes.
Don't forget Bill Schneider is going to give us the newest poll.
Battleground states at noon.
Alcohol 411.
Merrill wanted 208.
I don't do drugs 73.
Other prescription designer, etc. 35.
cocaine 18 acid nine.
Heroin 8.
X-Z7 and crystal meth.
Solamente Uno.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, his new largest sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the man dog.
Jim Mandish.
Wild fat continues to deliver big plays for the dolphin offense.
This isn't a gimmick.
This is as much a part of the Miami dolphin offense right now
as trips as four wides as two tight end and three tight end
goal line formation.
This is much a part of the dolphin offense
as a shotgun formation.
And why not?
This is Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog.
Joe Rose.
We dim morning 7 o'clock.
Where South Florida sports always matters.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
A kill in the cold.
Lord, I'm a serifated man.
Jesus, I keep on the hiding.
It's tougher than your body.
It was time for choosing big black man to stay.
Jesus, they're a pain man.
You're fairing.
She was married.
The girl.
A man of last.
She can cast a fish in a round hand.
Oh, God.
Any woman who can have a kid.
Still looks the way she does.
Have a kind of home run.
Okay.
Now let me let me stop that right there.
Let me re-cute because all of a sudden I'm going to
Joyce.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
All right.
I talked about all those a cough drop state with
a sore back on.
I spent those sugar free.
Throw the bit back on.
I'll come on after it.
That no, you want?
It's a minute and 52.
It's almost two minutes.
Now, do you really believe that I can't go in here and do justice?
Okay.
I didn't know.
I'm a wrecked.
All right.
I'll start the timer.
One 52.
Start the egg timer.
Ah, see ya.
Lord, I'm a serifated man.
Jesus, I keep on the hiding.
It's tougher than your body.
It was time for choosing
things like man to stay.
Jesus, they're a pain in the face.
She was married and coming her up in Alaska.
She can cast a fish in right hand or a gun.
Any woman who can have her kid
can still look the way she does.
I have a kind of all the blood.
Lord, I'm a serifated man.
He feels out of soup better than a rock-a-bomb-a-cake.
Don't need a devil's prompt to talk about her land.
You fairy.
Be a serifated man.
How's that?
Sure was.
Lord, I'm a serifated man.
Jesus, a real tough cook.
You go ahead and ask her a face.
So when it's time for voting.
Less so if your hand...
Be a serifated man.
Lord, I'm a serifated man.
Okay, what's this say?
Here's somebody who thinks they know Mr. Radio.
I think Mr. Radio could be Henry the barrel and Jimmy C. They're in partnership of an
over-priced, oh Henry barrel, oh Henry the barrel, that's cute.
Of an overpriced wine store in the grove and probably have nothing else to do with his
gym.
Good, good guess.
Oh, here's a Zizgo.
It's got a cost to comment about that lovely picture.
You should change the X-Beat-ed curtain to the soil curtain and I've listed your sentence
pictures like yours.
You're looking buffed by the way.
That was 20 years ago, Zizgo, Z-Man.
Capture an idea.
You mean Briar's Carp Smart comes in a gallon tub too?
That might be something to consider.
It says Zizgo, I don't think so.
Do you want to consider that?
No, no.
But at least they took the time to throw some crap on there on our thing.
Speaking of crap.
There she is.
We must do this because the federal government is in a hole.
What do you do if you're in a hole and you don't want to be there?
The first thing you do is stop digging.
The first thing you do is wink and blink and nod.
Winking, blinking and nodding.
Oh my God.
Jim says last week I sent you an email about the Bush Paling pictures on your site, preventing
me from reading bedtime stories.
Now there's this picture of you right under the pole.
Not trying to be chronic, but Yikes says Jim.
Yikes.
How do you like that?
I don't want to vote for that guy.
He's a schmartsy.
He's not the same color as me.
Todd says I move from South Florida to Atlanta almost three years ago.
I miss two things from Florida.
Cuban food and your show.
That's it.
They can keep the rest.
Keep up the good work.
Thank you, Todd.
Where do you move to?
Oh, Atlanta.
Oh.
Johnny Dark says about the picture.
I love it.
Johnny fake Johnny dark.
See now that's the interesting part of it is how would we ever know if any of these
well and that's another thing.
What's that?
It's really bitterly disappointed because you know me I always have high expectations.
Yeah.
Unrealistically high expector because when we did the email thing and we started I thought
well maybe I'm going to hear from some of the listeners from the past like from back
in the Zeta days you know some of the guys used to hang around the station and some of
those people right some of the people actually became our characters on the show.
And you know what?
Probably most of them got smart and they moved away.
Hopefully for them.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Lost track to loose like tracks.
Now what do we say was our goal?
We said 800 but now we got to go for 900 because we got 800 almost.
Yeah we can do that.
We need less than a little vote a minute.
We can do what?
We can do nine.
What do we go for 95?
Oh that was a misfit.
A misfire.
What?
What do we go for 950?
Why don't you go for a big dump?
I'll see you later.
I need some good expectorant.
I wonder I wonder if that Bentley's will do it.
I told you about Bentley's.
I think it's Canadian thing cough medicine.
Yeah.
You hear a Bentley's?
Sure.
It's a you have.
I have.
Oh so it's not Canadian.
Maybe it is.
And it tastes like battery acid is the most and even in their ads they they brag about
how horrible it tastes and how it really works and it does.
It tastes like acid.
It tastes like acid.
Seven ninety two on the pool.
We're almost 800 now.
So we'll get what we get.
How's that?
Oh Johnny dark.
The fake Mr.
Oh I think Mr. Radio Steve Keynes old board op.
Who know was Steve Keynes old board op Nick Lawrence.
Isn't Nick part of the extravaganza there on that station that nobody knows the color
is of and they have no reading.
I thought he was.
Isn't he board hopping or is what about what?
I don't know.
I don't keep track as much of that shows I used to.
Oh yeah.
Mr.
Rico nobody even knows if he's on the air.
He's got a lot of spots though man.
He's got the penis doctor in the eye doctor in the earlobe doctor in the knee cap doctor
in the toenail doctor.
Let's see this is the fake Mr. Radio.
Oh.
See that's me.
I'm just a little bit too negative to read and this not patient.
You know that sure.
Here's Gustavo.
You know I didn't enjoy your stuff it's old news I already know it's about the unmancinable
one you know craft don't waste my time with that crap.
Here's a poll questions what would you if McCain won celebrate hide under the bed and cry
pick up and move to Canada learn how to go step nothing other four years of the same
Schmidt.
What would you do if Obama won celebrate and it's got the same oh I see pick up and move
to Canada learn how to fist pound with my all my white friends nothing four years of
something different.
That's from Lisa and Miami thanks Lisa.
I don't know if they're any good or do you think they're any good not not really not
as good as the one about from what's your name.
Tracy and Kendall.
I wasn't Tracy and Kendall isn't she the one it's is up so here's the battleground
states but we've added one state to that list that's often not thought of a battleground
Georgia and that happens to be the state where you are right now that's the state of Georgia
could that be a battleground there was oh my god that this could be a close election.
Oh he got my job we'll see in just a few minutes he's got like it is what's interesting
about all five of those states is they all voted for George Bush in 2004 all red states
which suggests that this election the 2008 election is being fought in states that are
normally Republican Republicans are on the defensive and they're fighting to hold on
to their territory and fight to hold on to your money because it does down 359 it's not
looking you know it's it's fastic.
Okay here's the email from the fake Mr. Radio.
Five years ago you did a poll regarding who was the best drummer of all time and Keith
Moon from the who was omitted could you explain why he was not on the poll what was your
mindset and leaving him off did you ever have a bad experience with the who if so could
you describe the experience that the experience have anything to do with Johnny Dolan you
know where to all this is so Mr. Radio is Johnny Dolan.
Uh huh.
Do you know where Johnny Dolan is now.
No.
How about Troy the intern from W.I.O.D. days.
Troy the intern do you remember him.
I don't know or Steve from a summer camp or stem from a summer camp stem was from a summer
camp.
Do you remember the time when Stanley T. Major, Hathedor, Bekellen, and studios, a guest
those are the days my friend I thought they'd never end.
Note this is strictly a Mr. Radio parody.
He needs to die so that his physical stake in matches metal and emotional state.
Yeah, Johnny Dolan is Mr. Radio and this fake Johnny Dolan who else would mention his
name and Johnny Dolan's got a lot of time now because he was the he was the sidekick
on the uh footy show and you know you kept making fun of me.
Oh, you're the only one who pays attention to footy.
That's right.
As if I was as if I was publicizing him as if I was giving him from a word and there
was a good reason for it because I knew he wouldn't be on very long and as usual I had
my thumb right in it just like little jack corner.
No more footsy now.
Here's a comment about the it says you look like a young track junkie.
The picture says Neil you look like a young track junkie whatever that means.
Is that like horse track race track?
I don't know what that means or like a runner.
Do I look like a runner?
Yeah.
Look like a real athlete or athlete's foot.
Wasn't that footy athlete's foot when he was on Y 100 excuse me when he was on.
Why 100?
Remember those days?
Yep.
Poof your autocos footy you're fired.
You're out.
You're done.
Ron Fant, another radio groupie says I was reading that he tried news website and found
the following radio ratings.
I see your old friend Dick pertin still on here and doing well still listening and
Michigan Ron.
And it's got the top 10 in Detroit.
We care about this.
No.
In addition to which the numbers here I don't know what demographic these are.
Joe Donovan and Robert just seen on WWJ AM have a 7.5 share.
Could these can't be 12 plus.
See that it didn't tell me any Mike in the morning W R I F 5.3 down from a 7.5.
Number six of tie Mojo in the morning and Dick pertin and pertin's people on WOMC FM
a 4.7 down from a 5 to time.
Joiners number 10 in Detroit with a 3 2 share time.
Joiner when you think you'd be doing better than that.
Jim Harper is on in Detroit W M G C FM Jim Harper.
I thought he was still dead with his purple sweater.
Jim Harper was the production guide I and Z.
He died a long time ago long ago.
He's in a box.
Just think of all the people in a box.
In a remy.
Mm hmm.
Well, what's your take on that cremation or in a box?
Oh, I need one.
You do more clever than that taxidermy.
Taxidermy stuffed and mounted.
That's what McCain's going to do if he gets in taxidermy.
Yeah.
And everybody else too.
Ever been stuffed and mounted?
Steel from the poor give to the rich Robin Hood reverse.
That's the Republican party.
It doesn't really make any difference which candidate it is.
It's all the same crap.
Steel from the poor give to the rich.
The light of the sky.
He don't have no Roger.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leaf.
The biggest needs.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lauderdale.
Hi, it's Steve Goldstein.
But you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to...
Wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Zat.
He could be in the life he threw up at.
This time not with a knife, he went to the country.
When he murdered his wife this time, he was not so lucky.
So long.
Adios and goodbye, that big thing down.
Behind bars he will cry, but he's in brown.
And my friends, that is why it's all over for the Jews man.
A judge in jury said, good by all day.
Good by all day.
He will concentrate the hell after healing this hell.
A revenge is the unfair way.
A judge in jury said, good by all day.
Good by all day.
Had a Johnny Cockroot, so he just couldn't win.
Too bad he doesn't have a thread.
This crime wasn't bad as they go, but friends this time.
There was no less he told with so sublime.
He should be undebrought for the last crime.
He come and it's...
Never from a killer that's why he's in.
He blames fill his tail out of his chubbren.
Even Barley Miller couldn't say the tongue did win it.
A judge in jury said, good by all day.
Good by all day.
He will concentrate the hell after healing this hell.
A revenge is the unfair way.
A judge in jury said, good by all day.
Good by all day.
Had a Johnny Cockroot, so he just couldn't win.
Too bad he doesn't have a thread.
Well, CNN just recklessly announced the five states.
Battleground states.
You want to hear it?
National, today their national poll, Barack Obama,
50 McCain 42, eight point lead.
Colorado, Obama's leading 51 to 47.
Joja, McCain leads 53 to 45.
So I don't know what they're trying to make a big stimulus about Joja.
Florida, Obama 51, McCain 46.
Missouri, McCain 49, Obama 48.
And Virginia, Obama 53, McCain 43%.
You ready for that?
Arad.
Virginia.
Which Bush won last time by eight points.
And Obama's got a 10 point lead in Virginia.
Old Virginia.
Let's get the election over.
Let's have it today.
Okay.
814 votes on Chris's poll.
You know something if we to really thought about it,
I think I want to change it.
This poll sucks anyway.
Should I change it?
Sure.
You want to?
I have your permission to change the poll.
For today, yes.
Wow.
Oh, George is right about you.
What?
That he's fat?
Fat and smells like mung.
You know, he's the freshest smelling fat man I've ever known.
And I've known many.
Here's the new one.
I'm old-win.
I'm asked if I'm a senior citizen.
That's what I voted.
You want the senior diet coke?
It's cheaper.
I look in the mirror.
I talk to young people.
Talking about my favorite old movies, music, et cetera, TV.
I remember when gas was under a bucket gallon or a long time celebrity gets older, dies.
That's a good one.
That's a good choice.
So there's the new poll.
Let's wrap up the other one.
814 votes.
See, now we'll go over a thousand for sure because all we need is 186 on this one between now and two.
And you know we'll do that, right?
We cheat.
We cheat and we're proud of it.
Yeah, cheating, ain't trying.
That's right.
Just like all this business about acorn.
You know what?
If the registry 50,000 people go for Obama, I'm all for it.
And if they vote each 50,000 times because that's what it takes.
We had the last two elections stolen right in the right and broad daylight.
Florida in 2000, Ohio in 2004.
And the media is like, mmm, mmm, they're mum.
Remember the mummers?
Yeah.
The mummers prayed that I remember the mummers.
That's what they have in Tamarack.
So that's where the report was yesterday on that Shlippings for votes.
The guy was the CNN guy was in Tamarack.
I don't know.
He's a different color from me.
He's a schwarzi.
It's enough to make me give up creplosh for the rest of my life.
Definitely not Kishki, but I can't find it anyway.
What's your recreational drug or choice?
Alcohol 431.
Merriana 214.
I don't do drugs 87.
Other prescription designer, etc. 37.
What about sniffing glue?
That's out.
No.
Cocaine 19.
Acid 10.
Acid.
Heroine 8.
Ecstasy 7.
Crystal meth only one.
All the other crystal meth people are dead.
At any rate, Steve says back in the days when Marvin was your board op,
I was the one who stayed on hold for hours.
And you would cut to me when you wanted to hear,
I'm dying of a hearth.
It wasn't the doctor and I'm still alive.
Anytime you want me to go into the studio and prove it to you, I'm available.
So Steve, he claims to be the original.
I'm dying of a hearth.
Guy, as opposed to the doctor.
Hello, doctor.
Hey, I don't even know what he's talking about.
Do you?
No.
I got an email from Tiny.
Oh, and Kenny Gramer is back again.
He just obsessed.
Can he get a life?
Do something?
God.
Oh, he must be with David Gravy line.
Okay.
Because it says at rewardsnetwork.com, isn't that David Gravy line scam?
I mean, I don't know.
You don't hear from David Gravy line?
No.
Come on.
Do you want me to?
No.
I could tell you stories about David Gravy.
You have told me stories about that.
Not on the year.
No.
Oh, let me ask you something.
So, uh, where's uh, David Gravy line?
We got one vote on the new poll.
It's mine.
You want the senior diet coke?
Oh, now we got a couple.
We got eight.
A big gorilla.
We got eight.
Tiny says, bow wow, wow.
This is tiny emailing from the grave.
Jesus had his stupidest disciples finally coughed up enough money for internet up here in heaven.
I miss you, Neil.
I remember when I used to frolic together in the backyard.
I used to eat the grass and used to yell at me.
Sometimes I would eat your ice cream when you fell asleep.
Then I would bar fall over the rug.
I also remember when you used to rub peanut butter on your balls and let me look it off.
Neil, I miss you and think of you every day.
I'm looking over you here in doggy heaven.
This is tiny.
Oh, and you need to get that picture of tiny up there.
No, not the website.
No.
Well, I think we shocked them enough today.
Oh, there's nothing shocking about tiny.
Just a little rat.
We're righty looking dog.
Hey, tiny.
He still dead.
Mark Sipptext says he went behind his wife's back and listed their newborns daughter's name as Sarah McCain Palin.
On her birth certificate application because we're strong supporters of that ticket,
according to the Kingsport Times news in Tennessee of all places, figures.
She wanted Ava Grace.
So with a clear conscience, even though I knew I was sort of going around her back,
I kind of secretly put down Sarah McCain Palin instead of Ava Grace.
Another set of forms that I acquired from the front desk.
He told WBIR TV.
As we were walking out of the hospital, I went ahead and gave those to the nurse.
He gave it to the nurse.
The Times News is a hospital spokesman confirmed that the forms were filed with the state.
Sipptext says he told his wife about to switch the next day while they were at the doctor's office.
He says she was speechless.
I felt a lot of cool air coming from her way.
Sipptext tells the station.
Well, it's a damn good thing you didn't smell a lot of air coming from her.
Back them way.
Now, how does that work?
You being the father of two girls?
How does the naming process work?
You have to fill out a.
A thing when the child is born.
There's a form where all kinds of vital statistics goes on there.
You know, the weights and the measures and things like that.
There's a lot of documentation, but yes, you choose a name right then and there.
Yeah.
And who's used the mother, the father, both the parents, of course.
So the parents have to agree because obviously in this case he went behind her ass, behind her back.
Usually the wife was very incapacitated around those times.
The wife, yes, or person, the female, being all doped up and impain and in shock from having an organism climb out of their body.
So I just got an email from Celia Cruz.
Oh, yeah.
Go ahead.
And so yeah, usually it's the father if the woman has one present that is answering all the stupid questions for the people filling out the paperwork.
In our particular case, we had an arrangement.
I don't know how other people do it.
Oh, Michael Shiveaux.
Why I'm voting no on two.
Joining progress floor and opposing amendment to the so-called marriage amendment says Michael Shiveaux.
Well, good for you, Mikey.
John McCain predicted Sunday he would beat Barack Obama in the final presidential debate this week.
After I with his you know what in this debate, we're going to be going out 24, seven.
He told volunteers of this campaign headquarters at Arlington, Virginia.
For January, ten points down in the latest poll today.
The Dow is down, three, thirty three.
We got you down.
Maybe everything is down.
We're going down.
Dear near yesterday, you asked if they had the real real fortune to hard rock.
Doesn't have one payout line and three spinning wheels.
Yes.
If that's it, then they have them at $100 or $10 machines.
They're in the high rotors room.
I'll forget about that.
As I always tell you, my wife and I are there as much as you would enjoy every free birthday of us.
And by the way, do you think McCain listens to your show and got the line?
I'm your friend from Prozec Rons' is Larry.
Yes.
Absolutely.
I'm your friend.
Actually, he'd probably be doing better.
Oh, there's the guy from Cuckoo's Nest.
You look like the late actor Vincent S. G. Avelli in that picture.
Says Jerry.
You know which one he was?
No.
He was the real, the tall, Creighton looking one while there were a couple of them in Cuckoo's Nest.
No, I don't look like that at all.
I look a lot worse.
For the poll by Feeling Old, can you please add, when my children drive says, Mark and Miami?
When my children drive.
Got that?
Okay.
Okay.
Now here's another one.
See, they're dribbling in today.
They're dribbling.
Oh, here's the store about Dick Cheney's having an outpatient procedure.
They're checking to see if he's got any heart.
Missible rotten, crazy bastard.
That was down 328.
You worried about it?
I bet you're fat Chris ain't worried about it.
He hasn't got enough to buy even like penny stocks.
Oh, I mean, I got some stock, but I'm not touching anything.
You have stock?
Yeah, it was given to me as gifts.
In what?
Um, Exxon?
Exxon.
Uh-huh.
George was right about you.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, he's no Roger.
He's fourth grade, you'll find.
Raywell.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's the mad dog.
Manage.
After New Orleans, four to seven.
He's fourth grade, you'll find him.
He's the biggest name.
He's fourth.
Leader.
Extend code.
Get away from the ball, motherfucker.
John McCain.
He is out of touch.
Senator Obama writes to talk loud.
Mr. Strait Talk expressed loss of wheel on that one.
Who is real Barack Obama?
The spraid is on.
To get your votes.
These guys.
Go for the truth.
They both bet.
The other mates.
Another slip.
On warm estate.
They look deep.
To find sleep.
Throw it out.
To much sleep.
Here come the light.
To mislead.
The truth will twist.
To all the streams.
You know that we'd like to hear about the issues and stuff.
Oh yeah.
With Barack Obama, you're going to be pan-hired-tested.
We're further from the truth this day.
Make it all up.
You know we're going to have to face it this way in the mud.
Might as well face it this way in the mud.
Don't try to debate it this way in the mud.
Might as well face it this way in the mud.
Don't try to debate it this way in the mud.
Putting a cigarette out on his tongue, McCain added instead of debate.
He dropped naked into a forest with only a hunting knife to see who comes out alive.
All right.
1218 at 560 WQA.
I'm happy Wednesday to you.
We got the big old coming back at two.
People are protesting outside the building by the way.
That's threatening to come in and deskunk Jolly Jovella.
If we keep putting the big old on here.
Are you there?
I'm right here.
Oh, okay. Well, how come you're so quiet?
I didn't have anything to say to that.
Well, why not?
I bet you'd pay to watch.
Oh, yeah.
A lot.
Sal says, remember chronic Sal?
Sure.
He's not being so chronic.
And occasionally he has something marginally interesting to say.
This is in line with our discussion yesterday.
Yesterday was a two-ass intensive man.
Pupin and fartin' and oh my god, the whole damn show.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Let's go to the pool, you know.
Right?
Because the fat Chris is pool.
And one thing about us fat people, man.
We poop and we fart a lot.
Anybody who tells you otherwise is a liar.
Right, Chris?
Sure.
You don't agree?
Well, tell me what a lot is.
A lot.
Sal says, I was out shopping with my wife.
I had just eaten about a half a box of sugar-free cookies.
We went into a lowest door.
I was trying to hold it together until I got to the restroom.
But we were all the way in the back of the...
Oh, the restroom was all the way in the back of the store.
Long story short, I had to cut my underwear off.
I left them in the trash bin.
I'm sure the guy in charge of cleaning that restroom
was cursing me the rest of the week.
The smell.
Neal God, it says.
Neal God.
After the smell.
Maybe it smelled like...
Neal God.
Maybe I should drink a whole bottle of Bentley's.
Okay.
You could all have flimmed down from deep in my throat.
You could try some, you know, booze, a nice lacour, maybe some whiskey.
I don't do a booze.
You have your voice.
I know, but you should let it to you every once in a while.
Steeda Cruz says, I am a Steeda Cruz I'm contacting you from the fires of hell.
I'm very pissed off at you, Mr. Rogers.
You've tartished my good Cuban name.
You've made fun of my tragic death from a terrible brain tumor.
Oh, is that what she died from?
I don't know.
Have she had a t t t t t t t t t t Tumor?
I've spoken with Satan.
We've decided to haunt you.
I'm going to haunt you Neal and there's nothing you can do about it.
I'm not only going to haunt you but George and Fat Asks Chris as well.
I know that my music sucked but did a lot of good for the smell of Cubans in little Havana.
I've also kidnapped Tiny from heaven.
He will die if he don't play my bit.
Play the bit making fun of me or be haunted.
Sign, Mrs. Cruz.
to sing those haunting melodies.
Yeah. No speaking English. No speaking English.
If you could hear the frog that ran for a Prime Minister here last night,
stiff on D.O.n.n. No speaking English is an understatement.
Can't imagine why the liberals did so poorly.
It's like they're having a contest. Last time they had a guy named Paul Martin,
who has a personality like a stiff, like a dead man, like a dead rat.
Politics here is really very boring.
56 votes on the pool. I feel old-win.
Now do we have room to add on there? I remember things that happened 50 years ago.
Yeah. Well, let's fit in there.
Anything will fit in there. It will? You'll put a book in there, yeah.
Are you sure? Positive.
Are you sure? Okay, let's add that though. It would be a good one.
I remember things from 50 years ago.
That's what happens in life.
You start thinking about things and then you think,
oh, that happened 20 or 30 years ago.
And then one day you start thinking about the same things you realize,
oh gee, that was like 40, 50 years ago.
And then one day you don't wake up and think about it.
You just don't wake up. I was speaking to that.
And this is a failure.
Yeah, you're right. You're a campaign. He's talking about his campaign.
He said, this is a failure.
I feel old when a long time celebrity gets older, dies 15,
like Don and Phil Everley. One of these days they're going to die.
One of them. Maybe both of them.
And then I, and you know who else Luke Halpin?
Yeah. Sandy from Flipper.
Who do you think is going to live longer, me or Luke?
Luke.
Now, why do you say that? Maybe he's not fat, diabetic.
Maybe his parents didn't both live in 90.
Maybe he's got bad genes. Maybe he, you know, does dangerous things like skydiving.
Yeah, Google him and see how old he is. Luke Halpin, HALPIN.
Hey, Luke.
I talked to young people 12. It makes me feel old.
I'm asked if I'm a senior citizen. 9.
I look in the mirror and 9.
Talking about my favorite old movies music TV, 47.
He was what?
So he's 60. 61. What month?
Yeah, 61 April. April 4.
Oh, 61 Luke Halpin.
Do you know how old that makes me feel?
Very.
Flipper. Flipper.
I bet your Flippers dead.
If I like her.
And I remember when gas was under a bucket gallon five out of the first 59 votes on Chris' new poll.
66 votes.
When a long time celebrity gets older dies.
Like Pat Boone, he'll be dead.
He's doing that reverse mortgage infomercial thing.
Just, you know, spots?
Yep. Hi, everybody. I'm Pat Boone.
I'm Pat Boone.
Well, he sure used to look pretty. I'll say to that.
Wow.
He's a real a-hole, but he sure used to look real pretty.
Sure got a pretty mouth.
Nicholas says, my name is Nicholas.
So and so. I don't use last names unless I want to piss somebody off.
I'm a 24 year old male from Poppano Beach, Florida.
I stumbled across your website today.
I also found your show.
I thought.
I think that you are a very attractive man.
You looks to be a bit better, but your intelligence and wit is unmatched.
I've been searching my whole life for a sexy beast like you.
I would like you to fly me up to Toronto so we can meet.
If you like me, I'll rent an apartment in Toronto so we can get to know each other a little better.
If we hit it off, I can become your sex slave and fulfill your every desire.
Please Nelson, let me uh, something.
Uh, my something.
I've been waiting 24 years for my loins.
I've been waiting 24 years for a man of your stature.
Please email me back. I need you.
PS, happy to send you a picture if you're interested.
You ferry.
Anthony says, I finally found the cure for unwanted directions.
He's talking about the picture.
If you tune in late, by the way, there's a really nifty picture right under the pool on your Rogers.com.
20 years ago, that was me just not just fat, disheveled and just grotesque gruesome.
Anthony says, I used to envision Shaquille O'Neill and minute bowl making out to loosen unwanted direction.
Your picture will also plant that vision.
I only hope this picture doesn't enter my head when I'm trying to be intimate with my wife.
Even Viagra and Cialysis for our erection can be remedied by that picture.
It's pretty grotesque.
It's not just fat, it's just gross.
Oh, would you agree?
Yes, gross, bastard, grody.
Doug says, just wanted to drop a line and tell you I would have emailed earlier,
but I was too busy pleasuring myself to the vision of lovingness on my monitor.
Now I'll have to clean off my keyboard.
Just kidding, but I love your show and glad to be your friend.
He's my friend, Doug.
Be my friend. I'm your friend.
John McCain, friends.
Debbie says, was wondering if George noticed at election time,
gas prices always fall.
It's harder than hell to find weed.
Love the show, Kiscus says Debbie.
Is it hard to find weed?
No.
Hey, Debbie, George will take care of you.
It depends, send a picture.
He'll take care of you in all different ways.
It depends.
That's your biggest name.
The rest of them, too.
Make sure you're not in the logic.
It's 10.
You'll find the key.
I'm the fourth leader.
The sports leader.
What's your problem?
I'm the final face of this.
This is an ABC News special report, Governor Palin.
She hadn't deal with that.
Heckler, during a campaign stop.
Governor Palin, how will your administration deal with the current financial crisis?
It's going to be a multi-faceted solution.
Could you be a little bit more specific?
With Barack Obama, you're going to be paying higher taxes.
Could you give us an answer that's not on a three by five card?
Gosh darn it.
My sons are going to Iraq fighting for your right to protest.
What?
We are not afraid to get married.
Unmistakably, this is television at its best.
Specific examples.
I'll try to find you something.
I'll bring him to you.
Gosh darn it.
Bring him to you.
Oh, brother.
Anybody who's just buffalored by that bitch deserves to be sent to Buffalo.
God.
It's even the right wingers now.
How did the McCain come up with his crap?
How dare he?
Well, he did.
He finished himself off.
It was kind of like he took a gun and put it to his temple.
Eric and Tamer, I'm speaking of temple, says,
I've been campaigning for Obama in my neighborhood, which is mostly old Jews.
Most of them don't even know anything about Obama.
A large group of seniors are misinformed.
I've been stopping by at home, having one on one's and eating tons of months of all soup,
months of brie, and muddle bread.
I love the way he spelled muddle bread.
I'm doing all I can, but keep eating this crap.
I won't be able to walk out the front door.
PS, the seniors think I only want to stop by?
Oh, I see.
The seniors, I think, only want me to stop by so that we can change the light bulb.
Eat their crap.
Hear about their single granddaughter who's around my age.
His Eric and Tamer.
Maybe their single granddaughter puts out.
Eric?
Ugh.
Maybe Eric is.
Yeah.
You never know.
Maybe they have a grandson.
WB, remember him?
WB in Palm Beach?
Yes, I did.
Wasn't he the Palm Beach troublemaker or something?
I don't know, maybe.
Well, he's got the email thing down.
Neal at Nearoges.com, by the way, and everybody take a look at that lovely picture of me
from 20 years ago under the poll.
Right under the poll on Nearoges.com.
It's worth a peek, although it is lunch hour.
Sorry.
Walt says, every day I torture myself by going to this site to see what the grave robbing
oil traders are doing lately.
They've been dying a slow, painful death.
Today, oil is only $71.39 a barrel.
Gas wholesale is a buck 81 a gallon.
Oh, how?
And isn't it interesting?
The election is like a day less than three weeks away.
Like Debbie said, this is Debbie.
Nothing like a presidential election, the real price.
FMALL is his WB.
FMALL.
FM is a stimulus junior.
I couldn't believe that he was on that Getsky channel reading the Bible, reading the New Testament.
Yeah.
They still have that on there?
I don't know.
Wasn't that the Janim Paul Crotch channel?
Are they still on Janim Paul Crotch?
Remember, he got involved in that...
Gay scandal?
Well, you know.
Those religions still do anybody.
Oh, God, that's good.
Fat Chris sends me another email.
Boy, you sure I'm busy today?
Yeah, well, you know.
I do know.
Oh, Nancy Reagan hospitalized.
Boy, first dig, Taney and I went to Nancy.
Wow, first lady.
Has been hospitalized.
Oh, she's got a broken pelvis.
I thought it said a broken penis.
Oh, no.
We are going to continue to work this story, of course, and get you the latest information.
Well, I can't wait in there.
There she is with like a white alpha-dance.
She didn't have her little red dress.
Maybe God is punishing her for not having her red dress.
Fat Chris says, you keep making fun of me.
But in that picture, you look just like,
colleague, Sheikh Mohammed, die, you terrorist.
You know something I think that's a good point without the mustache.
Who?
From the 1990s.
What was it?
1994 attack on the World Trade Center.
Don't you remember Khalid Sheikh Mohammed?
I must have thought of mine.
Big fat terrorist.
I remember.
Joey, oh, Joey Reynolds.
The fake Joey Reynolds sends us.
Oh, Joey Reynolds, 710.
710 is the old WGBS.
It's Aradio Mambino, the old GBS.
How is Ken Maldon doing, by the way?
We hear anything?
No.
I haven't, anyway.
I heard you was ill.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I've heard of it.
Well, don't leave that long pause like that.
It scares the hell out of me.
He's a great guy.
Yes, he is.
But then again, he's Jewish.
Hank and I were talking about that.
If they knew Ken Maldon was Jewish,
they'd have blown him out of there a long time ago.
Joey says you haven't changed.
You're the ringleader of negativity.
You ran off the bird.
You turned on Hank Goldberg.
Randy Rhodes, Phil Henry, countless others.
Are you sure?
This is why you're stuck doing Miami radio.
You tried to run me out of town when I was against you on she because you were jealous.
You were jealous of Tom Liches, Steve Kane, or anyone else you were threatened by.
It's funny that you and Glen would tell us how much of a genius Howard Stern was
when he was only on in New York.
As soon as he was syndicated, he went on Miami.
Your story changed.
It's a shame that you've wasted your career because you were a great talent.
In the late 80s, you were on a cutting edge.
Too bad your big ego got in the way.
Best regards.
Joey.
Oh, woo!
See the crews and Joey and here's one from Fat Rich.
What I'm thinking about South Florida, you can get emails from dead people.
This is Fat Rich from the grave.
It says, I'm emailing with a message for Chris.
Please pass along.
But you sure are popular today.
I think the fact that I put that super fat old picture of me on there,
I think that fat is where it's at today.
Fat is on my mind.
Remember that song?
By the easy beats.
Friday on my mind.
Love that song.
That's what my favorite.
Chris, I know that it's difficult being a fat lord.
As I was one, too.
You need to stop eating your fat slob.
I've seen in the future you're going to be dead soon.
You're so fat that you're staring to smell and you haven't seen your penis since you were 10 years old.
That may be a good thing considering how small it is.
You are fat, Chris.
You need to get your stomach stapled immediately since Fat Rich.
Take it from a guy who knew fat man.
He knew his fat.
God he was gigantic.
Now did I send you those other pictures?
What were the ones that my friend Dave sent me from his city years ago,
like when we were having dinner at the rap city in the chopper camp.
Yeah, and you were in your Charles Nelson Riley sunglasses.
Yeah, I was wearing all those old John Goggle.
Those guaya barris.
Yes.
See one thing about us fat people.
When you get into those like XXL sizes and everything,
they don't make any decent looking clothing.
All these people, well how is your wardrobe, Neil?
My wardrobe always has been crap because they don't make any decent, you know,
although now I'm like a little more human.
Even pocket mitts, I don't look homeless anymore.
Almost, you know, almost human.
But I used to wear those Hawaiian shirts.
Those big gigantic, you know, XXXL.
I mentioned that fat Chris is the one, some of those kind of things.
He's wearing one now.
Guaya Barra Hawaiian shirts.
It's got high biscuits on it.
Amy, a lady listener in New York who says Obama,
oh wait, wondering if you think this propaganda is aimed at the Jews in Florida,
pathetic, love you, Neil.
Amy, a lady listener, but there's nothing with it.
It says Jesse Jackson, a New York post, and it says propaganda.
Amy, Jesse's make it a visit to Heimey Town, you think?
Ooh, what?
Who would say such a thing?
Jesse, maybe I'll have to play Jesse's love child.
A little something, something, you know.
That was down to people in the past.
This is the good, sport playing your 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The big thing, the best talent.
It's the big O or Land of Elzou Gary.
Afternoon, to the board.
On sport radio 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Oh, God.
It's a new, are you smarter than it's in Florida?
Tonight, are you smarter than a bit, greater than the mother of all contestants?
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other.
The same challenges and the same joys.
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge.
The first ever Westbound Pony Express delivery started in Missouri and ended in what US state.
The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth grader.
Which of the following is a country in Africa?
Albania, Argentina, Algeria?
Canada, Mexico, and then that trip was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia.
No, not smarter than a fifth grader.
There are next door neighbors.
And you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
I am so sorry, not smarter than a fifth grader.
I am so sorry, 12.43 at 5.60 WQAM.
The big O or 2, Mad Dog or 4.
And after that, Schlofen.
Greg says, Neil from Florida, La Rita, Florida.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Is there such a place as La Rita?
There must be why would they like that?
No.
I feel old when my mind makes the promise my body can't fulfill.
Also, Exxon down 7.3.
Woohoo!
Says Greg.
Oh, that's just to make Chris feel bad.
But you don't care.
You're holding on to that till you croak, right?
Correct.
It was given to me as a present when I was like a year old.
So, Zisco, who's just out of control lately after abandoning us for a long time,
like a bunch of stepchildren.
Remember those days?
Yep.
In fact, in my space people, they've all abandoned us pretty much.
That thing is just all of those.
Facebook and my space in your place.
And what are the other ones?
I don't know.
E-E-Date.com or whatever that craved different things.
Whatever they are.
It's all pretty much Kaka.
You know, a lot of fakers in posture.
Kaka?
Yeah.
And it's a novelty for a little while, then.
That's the end of that.
There's Nancy Reagan.
She's ill and she's required.
She is in some pain and undergo.
She had a bad fall at home when she injured her penis last week.
And now she's in the hospital.
If Chris would be so gracious, I'd like to suggest a poll for him.
Says Zisco.
So listen to this and maybe you'll approve or disapprove.
What do you think?
Okay.
I'll listen.
If he allows it, here it is.
What do you think of Niels picture?
George was suggesting that this morning.
Yep.
Here are the choices that Zisco lists.
Sexy, yikes.
You look like a Jim or at.
That's what I thought he would have looked like.
Not what I pictured he'd look like.
You ever seen a Jim?
Neil, I thought that was the young Marlon Brando.
Hot.
Neil, I thought that was an old Marlon Brando.
Fat.
Oof, I'd like to have a go with him.
Oof, I'd like to have him remove the picture.
Oof.
I'd like for Neil to take a similar picture today for comparison.
No opinion or I'll keep my opinion private.
Obviously Chris, this poll and its choices would be negotiable.
I hope it meets your standards.
All hail Chris, the poll god.
I think Zisco's got thoughts for it.
Nothing.
How do you know?
I don't know.
How do you know that?
Why would you make a snap judgment like what you see his picture?
Because I'm not interested in guys.
Well, you never know.
No, I do know.
You never know about guys until you're tries.
That was down to 27.
Did that tell you?
What?
I tried to tell them that I know one of these other shows.
Because he's ugly, he doesn't get hit on by guys.
But when a gay guy likes you, they say things like that.
Don't know until you try it.
Things like that.
Oh, wait till you see this.
This is the best.
When you think you've reached the pinnacle of life and then something comes along and you realize
it's kind of like my trip to Berlin a couple of summers ago.
Okay.
Well, I don't know why I'm thinking about that.
That's so sad.
And you know why it's sad?
Because it's in the past.
I've had many good trips to Berlin, but nevertheless.
135 votes on the poll.
Now what would we do on the first one?
Take a peek at it.
It was 816.
816 and 135.
And what do you get?
Another day older.
Oh, that's 9.51.
We won't.
Only 49 votes for 1000 for the day.
So we don't get our 1000 anymore because Eric, a lot of these times, even puts the poll on
her late at night.
And we don't change it till like late as opposed to cheating when you put it on the day before,
like at two o'clock or three.
And you get a head start.
Wait till you hear this.
Email.
You know who it's from?
A high boy.
I don't know.
The mad trumpeter.
A lot of that.
He says the highlight of my life was calling you when you had Jacques Cousteau on the year
and going, and at the end of the poll idea, which I'll get to in a second, at the end of
it, he's got written out, like 600 times, with several exclamation points at the end.
Well, that's that.
And this is the guy with the yellow teeth that comes to the appearances.
Ken Block.
Yeah, I think it's, I get to get to you.
Or a fake mad trumpeter since you've told that story a million times.
No, no, nobody.
Believe me, this is the mad trumpeter.
We have people pretending to be pro-Zach Rahn.
Yeah.
So you don't believe this is the mad trumpeter?
I don't necessarily believe this is the mad trumpeter.
His email addresses.
I don't even know who that is.
I do like scallions though.
Adam.
Adam.
Adam.
I don't know if we could Google him.
You don't know who it is?
No.
And what about you, Fatso?
Never heard of him.
Neil Diamond, Henry Kissinger.
Henry Kissinger is Jewish.
You didn't know.
Gene Simmons and Topal.
Topal.
Topal.
From the topal.
Oh.
Oh.
That's not a real like I was.
That's a character.
No, no, no.
That's his name.
The actor?
Yes.
I don't know who that is.
Topal.
Topal?
Yeah.
The Smokers Toothpaste.
Did you google Adam Stanions as TANIONS as an onions?
Lifeguard Adam Stanions.
Oh.
Oh, they're really a such a person.
See what they came up.
Beach patrol Miami on court TV.
Right.
You've got to be kidding me.
Posted child for anti-Semitism.
How about you, Lieberman?
I'm going to use this pull.
I know it's done before.
I'm going to use it one day.
Jew Lieberman.
I look at him and I just want to, I want to kill somebody.
Such a far bison, such a phony baloney and a whiner.
Wow, I think that John McCain is the answer to the,
that is real.
Oh my God.
Fae.
Did you, Lieberman?
Just say, Fae.
Ah, lots of, that's your goes back aways.
It makes me feel old when I think back to the KAT days.
147 votes on the old pull.
Here's Michael, chronic emailer says.
I don't know how you put this on a poll, but in my business,
we have to take people's drivers licenses for proof of identity.
People born in the mid to late 80s are grown up and in the context of my
business, buying houses, not enough of them though.
So what was that mean?
I don't, I don't understand that at all.
Well, you feel old when you realize that there are people who were born
like in the 80s and 90s.
Oh, here's Tom again.
Tom, who's got all his tech problems, you know, Neil, you said you wanted
input on your picture and I said, if you can't, one can't say something
else and you rip me, that's right.
So that's not fun.
Now, that's for old funny, does he say, if you can't say something nice about
someone, don't say anything.
That's for silly old people.
If you can't rip somebody and ask, it's no fun.
Christ.
So you want my take on that.
Sorry, I won't, but I just channeled your mother and she told me you look
like a hazard.
You just rolled out of bed with your, with the vans on your, what?
Pupik schmutz on your drawers.
Now, that's not.
Prey find your cheeks.
Fae, your father was right.
You're a hamyancle, but I still love you.
Zagazone.
Ma.
How do you like that?
This guy's got some hootspots, man.
He's a one thing to do tiny.
It's another thing to do my mom.
Well, maybe that person's a, you know, one of those psychic mediums.
He's channeling all these people.
Yeah, he's a side, he's a sidekick.
All right.
Maybe he could be your sidekick on the days when the suds can't be there.
Right.
Or what's your name?
Lucy Lopez.
We're going to take a poll on Lucy Lopez.
OK.
No, it's just a joke.
That would be just an opportunity for cheap shot artists.
That's right.
And they love that.
Took a couple of calls earlier.
And of course, one of them was, I'm your friend or two of them.
I think, weren't they?
I'm your friend.
My good buddy, friends.
Everybody is so friendly.
And all like all those friends in my space that you never hear from.
It's like, like I said, like a knob, it's like a kid with a new toy, like a dog.
I think dogs are more than little kids are, I think, with toys, mm-hmm.
Speaking of tiny, hey, you get a dog and a toy and they get all excited about it.
And they did a little with it for a little while and like, eh, they shove it off to the side.
Like, what do you got for me next?
What do you got for me next, fatso?
What's the next, uh, so should I email you those pictures again?
Yes, please.
Resend or just send them to Eric and avoid the middleman.
Well, no, I don't know if I want to do that because he'll just go ahead and put them all on there.
I don't want to.
He can, uh, he can pick and choose.
Yes, he can spit and choose.
Just like, I don't want to put all, you know, like, just them on there and those people.
Or they'll tell them which one, the one with the dog, Eric.
He's listening right now.
How do you know that?
I'll make sure.
However, however you want to do it, Eddie, oh, if you already got my name in the address bar,
they're then just fired away.
Now, how come I can't open this email now?
Oh, there it is.
There's one of me and you're good for in Dave.
It's some, uh, collectible store.
It looks like, I don't know, swap shop.
There I am signing autographs at some other place.
We don't want to see those.
Those are boring.
Here's some guy, some ugly guy.
I don't even know who he is.
Who is it?
Our parents.
There's old stem in Harlem and Kevin.
Oh, there's Brian from the ice cream shop for me, Mac and bullios.
There's me and your friend, Dave at the arresting in the Trump,
and there's a Troy with tiny, oh poor little tiny.
Come on, tiny over here.
Drop another little load on the floor.
You know, you don't really used to aggravate the crap out of me.
It's being a crap.
What?
I mean, you know my house.
Yes.
And I have that big fence in yard.
Yes.
And he would spend a lot of time outside.
It was always big and to go out like he really had to do something.
You know, and there would be times when he'd be out in the yard,
noodle and around, barking and curing on,
and just being a general jerk for like an hour.
Then he'd come in,
and I'd close the door and he and and within like a minute,
I'd hear him in my bedroom scratching the floor,
having just peed all over the place.
All right.
Yeah, I have to be outside for an hour.
Now, this isn't a puppy.
This is like a 10 year old, 12 year old dog.
Right. They do that.
They do the message when they do that.
Really?
Yeah, they do it on purpose.
And what's the message?
I hate you like poison.
I wish you pay attention to me.
You're not paying enough attention to me.
I'm upset about something.
Oh, I'm jealous of somebody.
You're paying too much attention to somebody else.
Another dog, another person, whatever.
You're watching TV.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm gonna come over here and pee.
He had a favorite spot right outside my closet.
Not that it was the only spot, but it was the favorite spot.
In fact, the last time I had dry concepts there
and I cleaned the carpets,
they said that that one spot was like the carpet
from the acid from the urine,
and the carpet was just like eating away, you know?
Well, there you go.
That was gotten back to within 300, 289.
Aren't you pleased?
As punge.
And let's take a look while we're at all this financial stuff
because all these people get in all emotional.
Don't you understand?
Oil is 7585.
I went, I don't know.
I thought it was 71.
Toronto Stock Exchange is down 308.
The Canadian loony is 8470.
It was down 82 cents a couple days ago.
That was really great.
8470, not so bad.
84.5 cents.
Let's get that loony down to about 20 cents.
Then I can really live high on the hog,
speak of that picture.
And what do we want to see?
Oh, we just got through to see in the loony.
You know who they had on yesterday
talking about the Alaskan Independence Party
and about the fact that the palin's, she and her husband,
were both in tight with them.
I mean, everybody knows the ARP are a bunch of crazy people
and secessionists and just right-wing wackos.
And they have work Sanchez on their own,
CNN doing the story.
I mean, doesn't that make you wonder
what the hell they're thinking about?
What are you people thinking about
at certainly not news network?
Crazy people.
The biggest names.
The hyperventilating Ricky Tickley Sanchez.
420-560-QAM.
The fourth leaf.
The biggest names.
The federal agencies have been in favor
through the name of the sports radio five.
That would have recorded WQAM.
My Emmy, for the latter days.
If the one to do our.
Errrr.
Errr.
Errr.
Errr.
Errr.
Errr.
Errr.
Tonight, Fox News presents an expose
on the Chicago-based radical group of gay media
rologists in the early 1970s, known as the weather underground.
Hail, sister.
Check out my high-pressure ridge south of my border.
Oh, and that's the place to store.
It's right in the middle.
Where there is fun, no, I'm glad, nice.
And see through a light shot.
What do you mean by that?
Huh?
Because these are Chicago.
I know, but I hear other women say it.
What's that mean, anyway?
What a guy.
Light shot?
Who we at Hong Kong swimming?
Oh, right in the middle.
Discover the truth behind Barack Hussein
or Thomas involvement with the weather underground.
Hail, weatherman.
Who go underground?
Who's that kid you were telling me about?
Oh, that little sweetie with the silly name.
Barack though Riley or something.
He's too young to be playing with the pointed.
Oh, nothing like that, sugar.
He just wants me to teach him how to write backwards.
Who knows, they go up to do something.
Yeah, right.
The weather underground or underground weather.
Exposed.
Holy, I'm fairly unbalanced.
Pop to you.
All right.
103 at 560 WQM.
It's our big one and two hour.
I got my pantaloonies on and my shirt.
But not my choos yet, though.
Got my choos right hand, right by.
Jess?
Yes.
Yes.
As far as my caviar's picking me up at two o'clock,
I'm going to zip off the woodbind.
When millions of dollars, billions.
And then I'll never see again.
I'll send you a postcard, though.
Well, good.
That's an interesting question.
If that would happen if I had all, you know, like a billion dollars.
Or if you had a billion dollars, where would you go and, you know, yeah, I'm hanging out.
I got plans.
Yeah, you're not telling us?
Oh, well, there are places that I would like to go in the world, obviously.
But when I was ready to roost, I would start exploring places like snow birding.
It sounds like fun.
So maybe, you know, winters, you know, somewhere warm and, you know, summer's somewhere
nice like Vancouver, maybe, you know, things like.
Yeah.
Vancouver is great.
Right.
Winners in like Belize or something nice, unpopulated.
I want to get away from people.
This is really interesting.
Well, I mean, it's sick email from Reggie Kray at the management UK subject, Adam Stanyans
misspelled.
And then it says, Eddie, this is Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, my blue, blue, blue, and it
just goes on.
Then it says, hold on.
I have to go get a glass of water.
And then comes back.
Eddie, this is Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, my blue, blue.
Click.
What, why do they do that?
They're, they're, I'm not talking about the Eddie part.
I'm talking about the, the email address, the management UK subject, Adam Stanyans,
Bob, who, Bob, who, Bob, who.
Here's a guy who says about 10 years ago, I was performing a coil acid wash in the
Kendall area.
What those are coil acid wash?
I have no idea.
For AC.
No.
Like always, I had my radio on your show.
The homeowner came out to see what I was doing.
When he heard you on the radio, he told me his name was Rich and that he knew you personally
and what a nice guy you were.
His house had all the shutters on, even though it was close to January, and about four or
five cans.
As you can imagine, it smelled like pure ammonia.
He looked just like that picture on your side.
Now he was bigger than that.
He was bigger as a house.
Cats, I never knew that Rich had cats.
Of course, I also didn't know that he had a wife.
She lived kind of like way over on one side of the house, you know, and he lived on the
other side.
I see.
Oh, it's, I don't, I still don't give it.
I mean, I think I give it, but why you should go out and get yourself.
Oh, you're just such an Oshan provocateur.
You make me just, you leave me limp.
We have a good, good, good, like that picture.
Uh-huh.
I'm not sending any other pictures though.
Maybe like one a month.
Niels picture of the month.
Thousand ounce, three fifty seven.
It's, it's regressing.
It's not good.
Big debate tonight.
The electoral college, look at that CNN's got an Obama 254, McCain 174.
Another hucking about Colorado.
It's tilted Republican in the past three White House races.
Not now.
The Democrats say that they sense a real opportunity around this time last year.
So what does the latest poll say right now?
Fifty one forty seven Obama.
Colorado and three other toss of states within the last hour or so.
Let's go ahead and take a look at them.
According to new surveys by CNN, Time Magazine and the opinion reach for a three four
forty seven.
Barack Obama leads John McCain by four points in Colorado and he's leading McCain by five
points in Florida.
Now, perhaps most troubling for McCain are the results from Virginia.
Our poll gives Obama a ten point lead in a state that has traditionally been a safe
bet for Republican.
Oh my God.
185 on the pool.
Guess what, Fatso?
We made it.
We made it.
We're over a thousand.
We got a thousand and one altogether today.
I think I can leave now.
Put my shoes on and waddle out of here.
What do you think?
Sure.
Oh, we got a thousand votes on the two polls.
We cheated, but who cares?
Let's just shut her down now.
Friday, we got the ratings coming out 10 o'clock Friday morning.
Right at the get go right off the right off the bat.
Wonder where that expression came from right off the bat.
Is that a baseball expression?
Must be.
Or Batman expression.
Or maybe it's a cave expression.
Oh, let's see.
Johnny dark.
Rain, Mr. Radio.
I think Mr. Radio is Steve Keynes old board off.
Brian Craig.
Could be a Brian.
You ferry.
Norma still says he weren't that good.
He looked pretty good though.
I'll say that back then.
I would imagine he looks bad.
Now there's a Dick Cheney.
He's used an electrical impulse.
Have normal heart rhythm.
He's having an outpatient procedure.
They're going to give him a heart implant to replace the lack of one miserable bass
dardo.
Let's see.
Here's the newest global Cuban group on Facebook.
And by all your Cuban friends, full Cuban, half Cuban, a little Cuban.
Even if you don't just a crazy Cuban.
Doesn't matter.
Cuabanos, Oñitos.
Can I read these?
Oh, there's like 7,000 of these things on here.
From sure.
Well, let me read your couple and see if there's in no particular order.
One, have you ever been hit by a chancleta?
A sandal or a flip flop?
Chancleta.
Two, you grew up scared by a Sunday called El Coco.
Nope.
Three, others tell you to stop screaming when you're really just talking.
Four, you light a candle to the Virgin Mary on the night before your big test.
Five, you use your lips to point something out.
Six, you constantly refer to serial as conflase.
Oh, Kellogg's conflase.
Seven, your mother yells at the top of her lungs to call you for dinner, even if it's
a one bedroom apartment.
Eight, you can dance Moranguay, Kumbaya or salsa without music.
What's Kumbaya?
A type of dance, type of music.
Nine, you use Margarina instead of Olive Oil and can't figure out why your butt is getting
bigger.
And it goes, there's 80 million of these.
I know, and it's not funny.
It's bitter.
There's not even a one of them that's even your whole family is running on Cuban time.
I wonder if that's the same as Mexico time.
Brian Craig, Steve Keynes, a little boredop, is Mr. Radio.
So says the fake Johnny dark.
Wouldn't that be a kick on the teeth?
Wouldn't surprise me.
I'm sure he ain't got much going on.
What are the call letters?
If somebody put a gun to your head and said, what are the call letters that Mr. Riego
is on the station?
And what's the frequency?
I don't know.
Kenneth.
I think it's like 1470.
Now is it WNN, the motivation station which nobody's motivated to listen to?
That Mr. Riego has to buy his way on the air.
He has to buy the air time and sell his own spots.
The doctors, what's the name of those eye doctors?
The doctors?
Something about...
One thing about Mr. Riego, he would always announce the spot that was coming.
Do you know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
Third and Jacks.
You know, he would just answer the name of the...
Oh, the doctor's eye and horn.
That's what it was.
The doctor's eye and horn.
And then he would go into this long thing about how they sliced up his eyeballs and they
cut off his penis and they attached it to his left leg and all this other...
But it is just wild stuff.
Body by commercial.
I'd like to tell you that our sales department, remember this?
Not that a few years ago?
It's who I am.
She was still there and they wanted me to go to have the Elisic eye surgery in order to
sell some client.
And I said no.
And they were just livid.
I said, I don't do Mr. Riego.
I don't use my body as an experiment to sell spots.
Remember that?
Yep.
They were cereal.
Wanted me to go have Elisic slice my eyeballs and of course George went and had his
balls slice and he didn't get any money for it.
Don't cut!
Right.
Actually he read spots for a while and I did live so it all worked out.
Dog is back again.
Dog is chronic.
He's okay.
I was supposed to be getting my colonoscopy today but the doctor cancelled it because
my blood sugar was over 200.
My triglycerides were 400 or 500 or something.
Wow.
I'm not very overweight.
6, 300 pounds.
I don't need a lot of sweets or junk food.
What's the best way of getting my blood sugar down fast?
Dead serious in Hollywood.
Do atkins.
No carbs for a couple days and your blood sugar will be down nice and low.
I wish I could do it.
I did it yesterday.
No, not yesterday.
Day before.
I had one day.
I was good.
Right in my diary.
Okay.
One day on Monday, October 13th, 2008.
I was a good boy.
Do you think I can lose that 30 pounds?
Sure you can.
You can.
I'm here.
You can.
You can.
You think I will?
Nope.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're busy with your projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The Big Fourth Leader.
The Biggest Names.
The best talent.
It's the Big Dog, Joe Rose.
Sweetie Morning, Seven of Tastes.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The Big Fourth Leader.
The Big Fourth Leader.
Neil Rogers.
Ah.
Did he has a problem and went to the top?
He got a prescription and we thought it was a rock.
Yeah, he's going all night.
Cause that pill is all right.
He's on the anchor mom and never sleeps at night.
It goes up and down and up and down.
Up and down and up and down.
And tomorrow's the light.
He's always upright.
There is nobody here.
But mom and never sleeps at night.
Jesus takes on.
Come on and take some.
Come on and take a couple more.
And with you on the phone.
Yeah, he's on my head.
Come on and never sleeps at night.
Hey, speaking of winners, guess what I'm having for lunch right now?
Weeners?
Good guess.
No, not Pearl, just one.
Solomente Uno.
Okay.
225 on our second polar.
But what makes you feel really old?
Hmm.
Let's see for the anti-symmetism pool.
Woody Allen needs to be on there.
Somebody says.
Okay. Good choice.
What did I do with that?
Weeners anti-symmetism pool.
Oh, I sure hope I didn't schmit can it.
That's okay.
I can bring it back.
I'm busy now.
So I can't log on to my other 85 names.
It says, can I give their suggestions here?
The dorkly denominates Harvey Firestein.
