Really? My father's class?
It's in a class by itself.
Even when I was just going to say, even worse than the jerk show,
you just to beat me to it. How about that?
What is that?
That's him.
It is? How about that?
It is.
That's jerks. Oh look at this. We got extrapolations now.
Woo! Holy cow!
Talk about a death nail in May.
And he said if you would like the adults 25 to 54, he's working on that now.
Well get with it.
May, Waxi had a 1.6 overall in man and we had a 1.8.
Maybe people aren't all that worked up about the Marlins because there's nothing else going on out the Marlins.
You think that's it? Or you think the fact that there's 75 sports stations all talking about the same crap?
You think maybe it's diluted just a little bit? Maybe they're diluted or it's too diluted?
Woo!
That is scary. That's many team plus.
6 to 10 am. Oh my god, did the kid. We went down to a 1.5 in May but across the street they had a 0.8.
Said the kid with a big mouth.
Oh, 0.8.
And you know what he had in March? Also another 0.8.
In fact, every other multi has an 0.8 which is probably his real number.
Then it gets a little bouncing between but 0.8. Midday.
Woo!
We went from a 3.5 to a 3.6 in man here in midday.
So over a 4 because you know that's 10 to 3.
I think that's good but it could be worse.
Across the street they went from a 3.6 in April to a 0.3 in May in midday.
Oh, Waxi. Oh, oh yeah.
The ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket to the ticket.
Oh, or a 0.3.
Oh!
In the middle of the day time when people were actually awake.
A number so scandalous, so outrageous.
And 3 to 7 we would drop from a 2.9 to a 2.1 and across the street they went from a 2.0 to a 1.9.
They highly touted and much overrated Daniel Abastard's Stugots show.
Like I said, put those numbers together. You ain't got much.
Well, at least we went up a little just to tag. Not a lot.
We moved a little bit and of course that's probably because we started taking these great calls.
When did I start taking these stupid calls?
With today?
No, I'm serious.
I don't know. Like a mug?
Well, I wouldn't show up yet.
Oh, wait, wait till you see that.
Can't wait.
I guess in guarantee we get up to at least a 1.
A 0.3 in midday and a 0.8 in the morning.
I got news for you boys over there. Howard Davis or whatever your name is.
Oh! Isn't a good number to start your rest, especially in the daytime.
Oh! Nice, bad enough like us with our 0.3, but oh my god.
These, like you said, I hate to say your right, but you're right.
These are people who are programming to themselves.
Sure. If there were at least like a thousand people like them in this term, maybe we'd have a number.
Now, we got a number, alright.
Oh yeah, if you want to call it that.
Is he working on him 2554s?
What he said?
It melts.
Because we already got into his double number and you got the men number.
We're within like a tenth of a point. We don't have any women.
Oh, he was looking a little stressed when I asked him so.
Well, what do you mean by that?
He looked a little like I walked in there and he's on the phone and I walked in there.
He was like, uh, do you have the, you know, monthly, whatever?
He's like, oh, well, he's never happy to see Chris.
You know.
Well, that is that.
Why is that?
Nobody is.
Nobody's happy to see Chris?
That's what I do.
And is there a special reason for that or just, uh, clunas?
Good for Chris.
Good job by Chris could be as long as he does with his personality.
You pick.
Good for Chris.
Good job by Chris.
He doesn't know Chris.
Oh.
I see.
Wow.
That's a real revelation, man.
That's a flyover.
That's stuff that you just faxed me.
That is just shocking.
It's like, uh, oh my god.
It's like that.
Yeah.
So now you want the adults when he has money also?
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll tell him to break it.
You'll tell him what.
That we don't have it.
No, he's still working on the thread.
What is he doing in there sitting there with his finger up his own ass?
What is he doing in there?
Like a...
Yeah.
You got it.
He probably doesn't want to deal with these numbers because he's the program director.
He takes the ultimate responsibility for the death of Lucid that we have now.
Him and his partner, Jolly Jo Fadass Bell.
And I haven't screaming about it for two years.
And the reason I keep screaming about it, people say, oh, you're a billionaire.
I'm screaming because I want it to be on the record.
I want it to be known by every man, woman, child and animal that these people are a two-man
wrecking crew without a choice of joy or a speaker.
Well, I scream because I'm a screamer.
Ah!
That's right.
Four minutes to load.
It's almost time for those certificates to start selling.
Week after week, more and more people taking advantage of Niels' half-price deals on wqm.com.
I'd go there right now and be poised together.
You're going to get shut out.
This week is no exception.
Starting in noon, you can buy $100 certificates for $50 bucks to the phenomenal, 15th Street Fisheries
in Fort Lauderdale, where dining is both a visual and culinary feast.
The panoramic views of the intercostal are on Sir Pasta and their food is out of this world.
Pry appetizers like Ahi Tuna Tartar, or Tempori Shrimp and Kalamari.
Feast on fabulous seafood on phrase like main lobster, grilled mahi mahi, Asian spice pan-seared snapper,
grilled salmon, pan-seared, wahoo filet, and too many more to mention.
Pan-seared.
Plus, they feature a great filet mignon or 14 ounce New York stir-for-meat lovers.
How was your steak, by the way, Fat Chris?
It was awesome.
15th Street Fisheries were a 15th Street made simple, coastal and Fort Lauderdale for reservations call 954-763-2777.
And thanks to me, you can buy $100 certificates and have fresh just $50 bucks in about three minutes
when the store opens on wqam.com.
Down.
Chains filled in a flood, property not in its delight.
Too many have died, in peace to shady.
Taken out now.
Let it take a small dark daughter and let's be wise.
And grandest is you by and say goodbye.
Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Guess it's kids' ex-sposing spy.
Thanks to him, our government is private time.
The weaklings' down the grass have fell.
This dirty, bastard piece of crap belongs in jail.
You're fair, aren't you?
Take the shady.
Take the bastard down.
Time's running out, down the 40 high.
Somewhere in Dubai, in peace to shady.
Take the loud down.
Absolutely.
There isn't any doubt losing out this evil slide.
Well, so high in Dubai, say bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
You bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Bye-bye, bye-bye, bye-bye.
Come on, two or five six years.
I'm going to be like Geltie there, it's him, didn't I?
Yeah.
Well, he sure missed him, don't we?
Like a tumor.
Actually, I do.
Compared to what? Jerks?
Oh, okay.
When you see him, I miss that show.
The Moan Geltie show.
Oh.
Well, you're not going to hear that no more.
No more?
No.
And we got no more certificates.
There's no processing, so it's not official yet, but we got in a minute or less, we sold him
out 50 of them.
So we might have, and of course the 15th Street Fisheries is a great place and very popular.
We've had him on before, and they always go like hotcakes.
Where did that expression ever come from?
They go like hotcakes?
What are hotcakes when you can't get out of here?
They are?
Uh-huh.
Get out of here.
Bye.
I thought pancakes were flapjacks.
That too.
Well, you notice how animated he became?
We started talking about pancakes.
Hey.
How about you?
He could put away a big stack.
Jack.
It even had stack.
Who?
A flapjack?
Yeah.
A flapjack.
Now wait till you're the extrapolation.
I'm sure you looked at this before you faxed it to me.
Did you?
No, I didn't.
Oh.
Then hang on tight to your seat.
Seven of midnight.
Of course, they got the marlins now across the street.
They had the marlins, so they had a big April.
They went from a 0.3 in March to a 2.6 in April and in May a 4.6.
Oh!
The marlins.
That's why.
Not enough of that such a big deal, but you know.
QAL on the other hand went from a 1.0 in February to a 0.6 in March to a 0.8 in April.
And now they cooped a grass in May a 0.4 at night.
Seven of midnight.
Many 18 plus.
Did I ever get those 2554 numbers or not?
No, you haven't gotten them yet because he wasn't in his office when I went over there.
What you'd be talking about, boy?
What you're talking about?
The monthly list, what you're asking about?
Yeah, 2554 persons.
You said you were going to get them for me.
Yeah, well, I went over there to get them in the break and he wasn't there the whole break.
Well, he's out to lunch already.
I have no idea.
That little spineless wimp, he's out to lunch.
That's why I asked Allison when he got back to tell him that he has to be with those numbers.
Well, I can't Allison do it because he's the one who has all the paperwork on his desk.
Spread all over.
Is it his office open now?
Correct.
Because you see, if you go in there and get the 2554 and sneak them back in here for a moment,
I can extrapolate myself.
Anybody could?
I'd have to try to find out what I'm looking for.
Yeah, you don't know.
Maybe George can do it.
No.
Spinalist.
Coward.
B-C-W-D-Q-A-M-H-O.
E-L-O.
Yeah.
I love the grade for death.
W-Q-W-M-C-W-T-A-J-W-B-N.
We don't care about the grateful dead.
They suck.
W-Q-W-A-M-H-O.
N-L-E-S.
Yes.
How about your ratings drop when during the summer with George on?
Not bad.
George has done very well in the summer every year.
No, he has.
And then, let me say it again.
Yes, he has.
Yes, he has.
Another A-hole who asked his question but doesn't want to hear the answer, he wants to answer it himself.
It's only the 10 times he made that call to him.
Really?
Sure.
Hungryth?
That was...
Guess he likes you, huh?
So what's your story?
Are we official on here yet or what, Chris?
A lot of officially yet.
Here we are.
No, we got two came back.
So we're not sold out.
If you're trying to get one of the 15th Street Fisheries certificates, two came back.
You've already got one.
One that's already gone.
The answer is only Soloment de Uroon left.
See?
And once we sell that one, it'll be old, official.
That was Volker trying to use his Jefferson's card again.
Liberty QAM, hello.
George, stock, okay.
QAM, hello.
George needs a ring.
QAM, hello.
Thank you.
Yes.
Hey, hi, Mario.
Hey, George.
He's got George the crown of the commercials on the MP3, so he shows.
What are you talking about?
The MP3 that you've been by on the last day.
As soon as you say, will we back on QAM?
Could you be like the next second, can it be like a comedy show?
No, no.
Okay.
No.
Got it?
You got it?
No.
How do you like that?
We don't charge for you to listen to the archives and all that stuff.
We're giving you a free.
We put it on there for you.
Oh, could you please get rid of the commercials?
Could you please do it this way?
No.
And I'm the one that's pitching and moaning all the time.
I don't think so.
I think it sounds like...
That's a sound to sound like a soda, folks.
Now, did anybody go in here and get those 25, 54s?
I'll go back over there again real quick.
Yeah, go sneak in there.
Oh, we're sold out.
And I think it's official now.
Take a puke at it before you go.
Is it sold out?
Check it out.
Refreshing.
Yeah, it is.
Sorry, it's a different answer to the sold out.
That was pretty good.
We did it in a minute.
Oh, wow.
And of course, add on that extra time, like in a soccer game, you know.
That'll kill it.
Uh, that injury time.
Seven official minutes.
Wow.
Pretty damn good.
Somebody must be listening out there.
Not too many, though.
Another, we got these great collars back.
You'll see.
And after I get this nice long rest here until the, uh, what is it?
15th of July?
And I come back full of vinegar and whatever goes along with it.
I might even empty out my colostomy bag in the meantime, you know?
Yeah?
But I don't wow.
How many QAN?
Hello?
Yeah, Nail.
Yeah.
Yeah, I wonder what is George Dazfew that you've been in so much?
You know, he's really good for nothing with notes on it anyway.
What?
I said, George is good for nothing with no talent anyway through his fake voice.
And that's what I said, yeah.
And?
And that what he does?
Yeah, I just, I know talent was, uh, all right.
I translate people's fake voices.
Go back to the banana boat.
Okay, Schmuck.
Go back and hop on your banana boat and hope they enter.
Chew!
Leaks!
W.Q.A. and hello.
It's easy.
You've been, um, belled.
Yeah, that's for sure.
We've been hanged and belled and smelled.
Don't think about Joe Bell, man.
He smells.
He rhymes with smell.
Hell.
Not too swell.
Crow.
What is Crow?
Isn't like a fish?
Say, let's crawl.
Oh, Crow.
Yeah, well, that's what I was thinking of.
He's fishy.
Okay, what do you got now?
You got stuff?
Said you some stuff.
She did?
It's not coming yet.
Oh, hang on, hang on.
I'm waiting.
Maybe if I do this.
Come on, answer.
Yeah, you know something that did it.
As soon as you played that, all of a sudden my voice was like,
my facts, my sheen started like percolating.
Woo.
Now, am I going to have to finger this out?
Well, he's got stuff written on there.
I think that's what you wanted.
He wasn't there, so.
Sixth day of the midnight.
I was more than one sheet of you got today parts or not.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Person's 2554.
April, we had a 1.7 on cue.
I mean, these ones and then a 1.6 in May.
That's not too bad.
Across the street, they had a 1.8 in April.
And in May, they had a 0.9 for the first time.
And then a 1.8 for the week.
Person's 25.
If you were worried, if you had double it, that means
it meant they had a 1.8.
And we had like a 3.2.
Week.
Really, really weak.
You follow what I mean by doubling the number.
Do you understand what I did?
I don't see anything written on here for April and May.
So these other sheets that you send me are useless.
Okay, well, that's what was said.
It's just got January, February and March.
Why don't we have April and May?
Clarence.
You idiot.
Well, he wasn't there.
You were there.
I have to go run those back into his office,
because he wasn't there when I grabbed him.
But here I'll fix these back to you.
Yeah, there's nothing on here yet.
So he's still working on it, that's some...
He got as far as the overall, the weekly number,
but the day parts he don't have yet.
Which, of course, is what we want for selfish reasons only.
Because we're thinking about bonus money.
Right?
Right.
We're just going to spend all the money on something about that.
That's what we're thinking about, man.
Never again.
Heavy duty, we're thinking bonus money.
Right.
Yeah.
We pay for the bonus money.
We pay for the bonus money.
We pay for the bonus money.
We pay for the bonus money.
You're the biggest name.
The best talent you get to do the rest is...
The worst thing about 50QAM.
The worst leader.
Yeah, oh you shouldn't have done that why not all Chris is out of the room given the numbers by to clearance
Duff is gonna go run the board now
Okay, one of those bucks. Hey, hey, something that's potted up just press it if it's potted up press it
Smacking other one press another one keep my name
Oh
Okay, I'm eating a weaning. Oh, well, what's no about that? I nuked it though
What is not a hollow has it I nuked it. I want you to Chris to get the nauseous now hot meat
All right, that's good you feel better. I don't want you to take on me sitting here eating a chomping on a roll
Weaning well, that's good. It's nicely cooked 45 seconds. I nuked it all right. I feel better. I'm done eating now
Not rubbery bass chilly and sea bass
mmm
And
Not only we sell those certificates out in seven minutes or less, but
Are you all hawking about the limbaugh's $880 trillion contract who cares?
805 votes on the pool
Chris oh
You don't think that's a pretty heavy duty on that off line you know why right why because everybody's at work
Doesn't want to be there so they just screwing off and all over the net
Why everybody that's at work doesn't want to be doing work so they're just screwing off looking at the net
They're on our website of course, you're full of crap
Well, they're good. We're
Now the media's obsessed with Russian with Howard and with this one and that one they made $8 billion who cares?
W2 a.m. Hello
You know how's going man, okay sir? You know George would have slowed them
Certificates way way under seven minutes. I know seven seconds
Easy
Okay, oh God hey, you got you got one
When you're a big fans man he wants to come and do you?
He wants to come into you the line is a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty any other obsessed with you
I don't know what the whole deal is there, but they're just obsessed I'm good. I'm just gay
George is this George sock started. I mean you might not think so, but I'm very attracted to some people
Well, I've been only the wrong people. I know there's no question the wrong is to W2 a.m. Hello
Hey George Ronny's my friend. He's your friend
If I were to know and then back on the 17th of May when we were Gulf Stream if I would have owned them what I know now
I would have probably packed me some heat
Yeah, the one thing about the guy with the eyes at least he's pretty sparse on the phone
He's busy with his David Cassidy blow up dollars right he has several
different hair lengths
So he's not a factor on the phone, but this one here
And of course jolly Joel Bell
He thinks it's a real panic, you know, I wonder if he thinks these numbers are so funny. What do you think?
Maybe next time you see a mask of me. You find any humor in those numbers Joe
Two and a half years this man has taken this place this once great
Dominating a.m. Station and one only English language. A.m. It was left in the market
But just remember and butchered it slaughtered and revisorated it. Yes if we can just be the best sports station until it
but we're not oh
Well, then we've got to get right out here and then this train we are that we got to get
As across the street and they're vanishing. I'm sure it's because Joel Feinberg is gone
He was like the heart and soul of that place the heart and a hole was Joel Feinberg now he's gone
And I died Howard Davis or somebody like that is
Is running it into the ground
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Can I have an A.m.? Hello
You know, you're like with a baseball
Yeah, but what did I ever do to you sir? I don't want your damn insurance or whatever you're pedaling
I don't want your I'm gonna report you to the FCC. How do you like that? You wouldn't have a show for me
I'm gonna report you to the FCC schmuck
Puts go give one them tie on jobs man. At least then you'll have one
5670 560 pound 560 if you can go to the nearest bar and tie one on what do you think or maybe you just go to tie one on
tie one what on
penis
Can't say that
You know you can say penis you can't say oh, I'm sorry. I forgot that case
Like Joseph Gackie you can't call him penis face. I can and I will
Joseph Gackie sucks, okay, okay
pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless on his more numbers coming out these new numbers
There's something something numbers. It's dark. Oh
Hey, for jam on it
Oh
Paper jam
Now is that smuckers paper jam? Oh, let's try that it still stock tastes like pulp. Now here comes
It's tukin out
Oh
It's so from Ray it's oh this is what I want to hear more commentary about the signal
Ray says it's true about the signals the sun goes down the signal goes away gets worse in the fallen winter
I listen you up in Wellington as I hear you read the numbers one realizes radio is fighting over less than half of what the market used to be absolutely correct
Ed Ray
And they's got some recommended reading I don't read anymore ram and old man
I I I sit and read the screen on the slots on the machine
What's the rest of this crap?
Oh, this is good news man
It tied in authorities have started fingerprinting tens of thousands of gypsies living in nomad cancer across the country
Adults and children like rushing aside accusations of racism by human rights advocates and international organizations
And speaking of organizations the least side of the
This finger kid for 14 million dollars my god nobody ever even heard of this kid they gave the fans the finger
And Curtis Joseph I think Johnny Bauer I know he still alive sign him up baby
Couldn't be a deal for 90
I'm starting to do some hockey talk
I was currents out to lunch now. What's the deal? Oh, I have no idea. I haven't seen him since I got the numbers at first time
Probably he's probably like overwhelmed by the you know with the
work that you're laying on him now
Interior minister Roberto Madoni told parliament this week the move was needed if I cram it and then if I illegal immigrant immigrants for expulsion
But also to improve the lives of those leaving the legally living in the makeshift often unsanitary gypsy camps
We intend to make a sense is to see who lives in gypsy camps who has a right to stay and live in humane conditions
Those who don't have a right to stay will be repatriated he said
They're gonna make him an offer they can't refuse
Get rid of them damn gypsies man and all those 80 million little kids they have they we produce a worse than Muslims
The gypsies that same lot you ought to you know to see the Muslims in my building here and the women with that
What do they call that the he-job? I gene with a call at thing the Berkha?
No, I'd bring Berkha the don't jerk at the Berkha, but it's part of it
But that's only the headress I think the Berk, isn't it? I don't know
But we got a whole bunch of women in this building where and then they're shoving around a whole bunch of little kids
And they got one in the oven, you know
Oh, they must spend a lot of time screwing their brains out
I'll tell you that because they reproduce like mice like mice like rabbits of mice and men
814 I think we're gonna get our 900 and that will be that will be something to remember
That'll be an accomplishment. I'll write in my memoirs
On the third of July we sold our certificates in less than a minute
I mean that's for real, you know
Didn't we yep? Yep. I mean we had those two come back. That was but that's not our fault
Nope that would be QAM hello
I need a job you need help man. You need serious serious. So what you need is a big bullet right between the eyes is what you need
There will be the greatest thing that can happen to this show okay if somebody would come along
He just blow your crap away and your uncle and your girlfriend and of course your boyfriend
Hi Ron! Hi Ron!
That one more Ron
Am I pronouncing that wrong? I don't know
Well how else I can't find it
To the end of the moron hour at nine o'clock you hear more
That's bad can you imagine him doing that to us
Rippin us not gonna show that follows you no less like we're not gonna to before that jerk show
Somebody QAM like I am not George come on that hello
Neil come on my head
Somebody QAM hello
Hello yes what was that I don't know what that was that was crazy
Neil what do you got um I used to I used to
It used to be tough for me to listen to George but for some reason since he got neutered
He's more centered and listenable. What do you think good?
That's why we sent him off to the operation. Good job man someone was okay. Thanks
WDQA and hello welcome. Yes sir
Hey if that helps I know where Ron lives
Yeah
We can take him out for you if you like good go ahead with my blessing
I hope you have a good time with okay thanks
He knows where Ron lives I run I run
The lowest of the low the scum on the bacteria on the
And the barnacles on the bottom of the ship is more intelligent and more useful than that
You
Come 32 at 560 WDQA and it was a disaster in May baby for sports talk radio in the South Florida market it is
Uh the dolphins plan no when they plan to make a panties no no
Um
Recanes no football no no what am I leaving out the heat no
The marlins that's all you got going on and more and nobody cares
I love when people get on here and tell tell the audience that they should care about things they don't care about
Don't you love that when somebody tells you what you should care about it's like the media
What would I do if they didn't like lie? I'm gonna tell you right now what they're all whipped up about is this damn
Brangelina crab man if I have to one more time about the 18 babies she's having who cares? I don't know who cares
She's
Jesus oh she's in the hospital and the rumors are she already had 15 babies and then the other rumors are she hasn't go
Whatever who cares
People who are obsessed with celebrities are just like these colors. You know what they're trying to do
Yes, I have no life. That's it
They have no life of their own so they have to have a vicarious one through somebody else's
Oh angelina is gonna have twins. Yeah, good
Maybe they can adopt 15 more kids like mr. Rigo
Ah, here's the poll. I just had another winner. That's why I'm
Little choked up
Okay, the presidents who served during your lifetime, which was your favorite obviously we got some bogus ones on here
Because Woodrow Wilson would be 86 years ago. You'd have to be like at least 86 to a vote for that
You have to be like 90 you think we have five people out there are 90 yes
Clinton 384 JFK 168 Reagan 112 Carter only 51 for Jimmy
Little Bush 20 W
Nixon 18 ike 18 FDR 14 Truman 9 Bush senior 8 Woodrow Wilson 5
Ford 4 LBJ 4 Coolidge 3 Harding 2 and Hoover 1
Heaver Hoover Hoover Heaver
I guess they enjoyed the depression
We didn't we're enjoying the depression we want a lot more calls about the QAM signal here this last hour and a half
hour 26 minutes that that I'm counting
Maybe we could play the show open for jerks. Oh, he's not under there. We got Kurt
Nick a spooky freedom festival today from due to four
That would be QYM hello
Hey, yeah, I need to say who cares about
Concert you
No, I don't let me say it again. I don't
I don't care not interested
Let me say it again not interested how much you making sir how much you making
You ain't even making pistachios forget about peanuts
Give me a song to dance about I'm making peanuts. You should live so long
I make more in a year than you'll make in ten lifetimes. Okay loser
There's another and I don't understand rushes on right now. I don't get it
Right, you understand if he's so enamored with Russian all the money. He's making and all the pills
He's popping if you want to be on his shop and his show rhymes with pill
He'll pop and drop your shop and and numbers dropping but other than that
WQ a.m. Hello. I'm ready for you Q a.m. Hello
Hey, me. How you doing? Okay, one's the last time you lit off a firework just that I curious about these serious questions
What are you talking about like bottle hockey or a firecracker or something like that?
When's the last time you when I try to be funny? So so what kind of a question is that?
I don't know like I wonder like you like fireworks
I like like why I like watching but something other people fire off and then you watch him
Okay, I'm not trying to be you know to the a. You are you trying to be a jerk?
I'm not I really am not when you're accomplishing it without even trying to congratulations, sir
bottle rocket die. Yeah pocket rocket. Yeah, I think you got your pocket rocket stuck in your
So I think I could be wrong with sounded like it to me
sounded lucky at it buried
deep
I
Let me Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello. Hey, got to a male
How about while you got true happy
Wow
I just I'm taking it easy. I'm about to leave work early
Just want to wish all your listeners even the cranks are happy for saying now. I'm gonna put on a heck of a firework show
So big. I hope tiny can look down from the clouds and just wow tiny this okay
Leave tiny alone tiny bubble now. That's his material. He's the tiny guy
Well poor tiny tiny there's a tiny tiny still bad okay dead dog
dead
I got tiny
Yeah, tiny five six seven oh five sixty but now I happen with clearance of the numbers easy out to lunch for a couple hours for a few hours
Um, I think he might be finally back now
Well, then why don't you waddle over there fat. So you got three minutes. What do we need?
We need the day parts to want persons 2554 don't please all right
Oh, which he didn't even have April on here. So how else are you gonna do me? He's just he just fall down on the job
That's the problem
He's not keeping track of his crap and of course waiting on numbers like these who now would want to work with that anyway, right?
Who'd want to even be involved with it?
My god
You notice how many of the numbers now beginning with a oh or a one like that
Sports talk radio dead dead
The OA baby it's dead. No, we're just not sports. He enough. That's the hours. We're two sports. He's what we are
And nobody even cares about the marlins. I don't care how many games they want or how whether they're going to win the division or what they're gonna do
Nobody cares
Oh, but they were just playing the Washington Nationals. Yeah, I'm doing the middle of the summer and the kids are out of school and everything
Is that what parents generally do if they have any interest in like baseball or something?
They take hits to the ballgame is that what they do those who do do yeah, that's right those who interest in that
But they're not interested so they don't
They don't and they won't
But the marlins the marlins
That would be Q way in hello
That would be Q way in hello
Hello
Yes sir
Okay, don't do it again schmuck
567 05 60 pound 560 on a Verizon singular wireless line wrong number my fat ass
Well, I said ask again. Sorry clearance
How did the fat stuff come back with those numbers the other what he is working on them right now
He's working on it. Yeah, sounds like it
I mean how does he sit there and and with a straight face or even with a face I don't get it
He's the brains behind this nightmare behind this insanity that we're going through and by the way, where the calls about the signal
Armjane what about I'm sure one of those is I know things so I think you're right
Nobody Q a m hello
speaking
The near wisest when you are that's all the weirdos call up
We're reading the whole week. We'll get on the radio. Mm-hmm. We all enjoy the show
Well, what was what's the weirdo's done?
Call call them and ask them they'll tell you they like me
Wtq a m hello
Q a m hello
Hey Neil. Yeah, I got to do those certificates. I gladly trade them just anybody wants to kill that brown guy
I call it in Ron to get what I'm where he is
in bread
in bread in run
And the signal bus buck is especially worse in Palm Beach County
You know what fast we're driving up from a Florida to up to here my god
We got into a palm like about just north of west Palm Beach and you couldn't hear it at all
If you stop talking don't say anything my Cuban workers, it was crazy. He loves it. He loves it
Okay, I'll leave some here okay, well, make sure we write it down to his diary. Okay, you definitely will
Thank you so
Okay
Bapapapapa, you know as most of these people I really don't yeah, I might as well just sit and listen right take my voice
You know because they don't want to hear what I have to say to the one. I just want to do a little room with my Palm Beach mansion
Surrounded by security
Because I I see your people people who might have a problem with me
Harriting right wing talking points for
158 million dollars a year my friends
He he he everybody all spent
And that's why two channels protects my fat drug, gottled ass but anyone daring they can tell them
They know what side they're things underside of
Your eye. Okay, after I work this characters
Hey
My friends
Okay
14-1. So I guess they got to play the one and two hour again at once.
Well, you'll have to retake it as a given, you know.
No, once you already given it to us.
No.
Democrat Barack Obama's got a dominant lead over John McKinemong, his spaniac voters, despite
his struggle to move the key block during his presidential primary campaign.
A Gallup poll come out yesterday, put a bomb of 59-29% over his rival among registered
Hispanic voters across the USA. 59-29. What a gap.
But turn him in.
The Hispanic community will likely play a pivotal role in general election.
Swing states like Colorado and New Mexico and Florida.
I do like that. 30-point lead among Hispanics.
56-7, well, we're doing a survey here on a QM signal.
Can you hear it?
Can you hear it?
So how do we do with those numbers?
Fatso.
Still work on them?
Yeah.
WQYM, hello.
I'm a cop, ain't.
WQYM, hello.
I feel like I'm a cop.
Yes.
How are you?
When you go up to, against us, I would rather don't you be in every single time, every book?
What?
When you go up against us, I would rather don't you be in the most of the time, yeah, we beat
to the snout arm, yeah.
So, I don't know because all these retires that keep calling up by about Russian.
If you were, if you were, uh, have the same amount of people that you have, that you have listening to you,
uh, you would be 10 times bigger than here.
And I'm not going to be, I don't want to be, I don't want to be, I don't want to be, I don't want to be.
Another thing is, is very unfair to compare doors, is that when they compare them with you, obviously, you know,
you're much of a good talent, but I could,
They're not comparing them with anybody.
They're just taking a cheap shot.
That's all, it's just like a hobby, that's their hobby.
You know, another thing, one of my favorite polls that you did one before, I don't see you do it again,
is the funny, the funniest name or the weirdest name you've ever heard,
I always have fun when you do that poll.
Okay.
It's been a while since I was taking a year's rate.
Okay, see you, too, bro.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, oh, I think, I don't know, there's 100 names in that, like,
Coach Chris.
Coco, Chris, my ass.
Oh, I'll go get the oven.
God.
843 on your full, by the way, Chris, I think you're going to make the 900 days, just shock America.
We will.
And if we get 900 by 2 o'clock, then all of us get a huge raise.
What?
You're so firm.
Gonna get a big fat raise from Big Fat Jolly Joe Bell in his dumb fat ass.
What he's accomplished here in two and a half years, even Hitler couldn't accomplish during the whole war.
He's destroyed.
He's butchered.
Slotted it.
Killed it.
Killed the goose to lay the golden thing.
That's you, Johnny Joe, you idiot.
Yeah, in fact, you notice how he and Roger got kind of like that same, that same affectation.
Yep, that's only robust laugh.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hello, from the fucking near.
QAM, hello.
I like this, and we don't care.
QAM, hello.
Go visit the, uh, the ward.
QAM.
Hey, dude.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Okay, pretty much cleans it out.
566705, what do you see?
Like you said, if you're not asking about something specific, then they'll all, you know, just some throw away thing.
They need to get tired and cause a bomb.
But if you're asking something specific, like the signals, you understand the question, can we spell it out for you?
Okay.
Can you hear us?
56670560, pound 560, the Verizon singular wireless line.
Maybe it's just a myth.
Deputy QAM, hello.
I'm Rainmaker.
QAM, hello.
Operating reporting to the FTC, sir.
So you will, well, guess what?
Guess what?
I don't want your thinking insurance.
How do you like that, Puts?
Yeah, you'll be, uh, you'll be sucking wind as well.
You'll be sucking watermelons.
Oh, let's figure that.
Watermelons, a cold size of watermelons, long been a 4th of July holiday staple.
But according to recent studies, the juicy fruit may be better suited for Valentine's Day because
scientists say watermelon has ingredients that deliver biagro-like effects to the body's blood vessels and may even increase libido.
The more we study watermelons, the more we realize just how amazing a fruit it is and providing natural enhances to the human body.
So Dr. B. Mou Patil, director of Texas Anums, fruit and veggie improvement center in college station.
How do you like that?
Yep, I heard that story.
You did?
Yeah.
It was on the news that you're sucking so much watermelons these days?
I don't need that.
844 on a pool.
We're ancient out way up there, man.
We're ancient out way towards 2 o'clock.
But I'm going to have a party in my kneecaps into a clock.
You have any idea how many days off I'm going to have between now and 15, like 12 to 11, like 12, 12, and about 30.
And then they all call and pick on four little George.
What album?
2 a.m. Hello.
Ah, the 105 is number one because they give away gas.
Yeah, it sounds like you got some of it, man.
I can almost smell it.
2 a.m. Hello.
I knew it'd been a long time to have an opportunity to call you.
Yeah, okay, great. Well, keep it up.
Let me take you away and hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
I wanted to ask you a question.
It's a bit far-fetched, but I probably need to think.
If McCain offered Hillary the vice presidential nominee.
Yeah, right.
If chickens peed, would your head be wet?
God.
Oh, look at this. We got some new numbers.
What are you laughing about?
That was a funny one.
I don't think I've actually heard that one.
What?
If chicken pees, would your head be wet?
1-6. This is 2554 persons.
Well, we already had this one. This is a dupe.
Sorry, he just handed that to me.
Affected. I didn't look at any of them.
A dupe from the dupe.
Let's see.
May.
May 2554 persons.
So I have 5554.
This we got to double to give to the main number.
QAM 1.2.
Very weak.
So in other words, about a 2-4, men.
And Waxi, a 0.4.
Give him about a 0.8, men.
In the morning.
Well, I've had a syndicate for a big mouth.
Oh, look at that.
We actually had a little bit of a number.
Not huge.
We had a 3.6, 10-3, which means we certainly did over four.
Certainly.
And across the street, certainly.
And across the street, they had a 0.3 in midday.
A 0. Most of their numbers start with a 0 in May.
God. May was a death knell for you guys across the street.
Too bad.
We may suck here at QAM, but you guys suck much harder.
Three to seven.
They had a 1-5. We had a 1-1.
A 1-1.
Well, I think we should let the dumper.
I look at it at night.
Oh, my God.
This requires a drum roll.
Okay.
In stereo.
And Marlin on 2554 versus across the street, they had a 2-2.
And we had a 0.0.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
A 0.0.
No, really.
Really?
I have no.
I have no.
Versus 2554.
Seven have been there.
And 0.
20.
Beckham.
No.
Beckham.
No.
Oh.
Well, when you double that to get the man number, what do you got?
0.0.
That is shocking.
Can I rest my case now if we're like an court of law about the destruction, the decimation
of this radio station, and some of you people wonder why I'm complaining, why I'm whining
and screaming and yelling like a rotten child?
Just out of curiosity.
Yes.
Have you ever been on a station that had a 0.0 in any day park?
Because this is the first for me.
No.
That's why I've tied the drum roll.
I mean, I can say that.
I can say that.
And one of those marginal, you know, like 250 watt, you know, and that doesn't get like 10 feet
from the transmitter.
But based on what we're hearing, then we don't get more than 10 feet from the transmitter
either.
So I wonder how DA likes being on the station that nobody can hear it now.
Following the order.
My self may be now instead of eating good and getting fat.
My identity was stolen and now my life is just crap.
C-R-A-P that spells me.
My credit is crap.
Tom, baby.
One o'clock at QMC, there's good news tonight.
You're not catching on.
No, please.
You were supposed to interrupt me when I read the law.
I glossed by those numbers like they were the whole number.
Okay.
I got to our time slot.
Persons 2554 in May, we had a 3.6 in April of 2.5.
You got to double those numbers to get the mail number.
Okay.
We had a 7.2, 10 to 3, and an April of 5.
Okay.
So in other words, we might have had an 8-year in May.
In man.
Ooh, all men hold my breath.
Don't you see there's a little bit of hope.
There's a liver.
Because I'm looking at the liver.
Now I will say this.
Midnight, if you double point.
Oh, I still get a point.
If you multiply times 100, that's what you get.
Never, ever, ever.
I haven't been in radio as long as you.
Oh, my God.
At least I like to be at 2.
Now, we have seen day parts.
I think across the street there was one or two times when they had point.
Oh, I had a nice radio station.
Right.
But on QAM, nice move there, Jolly Joe, blowing out any K.
So we can get a point.
Oh.
In our target demo.
Seriously, the fact that this man shows up there in his brown pants every day and still has a job.
It's scandalous.
Is that it?
Whatever.
Whoever heard us such numbers, like point O in their life.
And of course that dolphin-type thing, man, that kicks it off.
That's it.
It's like, shut off the radio now.
Please do your stuff.
Plus the fact we got no signal.
But other than that, WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Is it WQAM?
What did I just say when I answered the phone?
I said WQAM.
Hello.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know what.
Yeah, I'm the radio.
And turn up the radio.
We're allowed.
Turn it up.
Turn it up.
It's your turn.
Come on.
I'll see your ass.
There it comes.
There it comes.
There it comes.
You can do it.
Take off my voice.
Let me.
Let me.
Yeah, let's see.
Okay.
Put your pants back on now.
Okay.
Before your boyfriend grabs it.
8.54 and a pool.
We need 46 votes in 58 minutes.
We should be able to do that even on a holiday weekend.
It is a holiday weekend, isn't it, when you say?
Yes, it is.
Nobody gets in the car.
I haven't counted it.
But laterally, by the way, I was two days ago.
But number two late.
We had some nifty fireworks here then, I too.
I didn't know if I didn't do any bottle rockets or like that.
Or pocket rockets.
Didn't set anything.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Anyhow, it's wondering what the numbers were on the Cuban baseball games.
You guys play at night at 56.
90.
90 share.
Okay, yeah, man.
Because it's coming in loud and clear.
Well, something has to.
I'll tell you because the English had a point.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
All right.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
In other words, what's the point?
Nobody QAM's signal line.
Hello.
Always comes back to the man, loud.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Here.
Oh, yeah.
I'd like to speak with Neil and George.
We're speaking, yes.
Yeah, hi.
This is Neil.
Yes, it is.
Let me say it again.
Yes, it is.
Oh, thanks, Neil.
I'm a long time listener for a time caller.
I just wanted to call and say, appreciate your humor.
Wish you were still here in South Florida, but I...
I sure don't.
I sure don't.
I know that you don't.
And I did also want to put in a plug for George.
I really enjoy listening to him when you're not able to do the show.
Thank you.
I was wondering if there's any chance of getting more subcultman on the air.
As much as I can.
Okay.
As many females as we can get for him.
Well, as long as those are liquid, I think it'll make the interesting...
The lifting more interesting.
Okay, thank you so much.
Thank you.
Happy for the July.
I appreciate it.
All right.
Is this really Neil?
Is this you?
No.
It should have been like me.
It's what's his name.
Paul Winchell.
Or maybe it's Walter Winchell.
567, we're trying to find out about the signal, but we can't get any cooperation from the audience,
because they got their own agenda, you know?
And maybe the signal's fine.
Maybe somebody just made that up.
Maybe I just imagined it when I was down there.
I'll never do it.
When I was hearing.
Like that.
In fact, it wasn't quite that good.
Deputy QYM, hello.
God, I'm not sure if they have to pay him to make that call.
He's...
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hey, buddy.
Why don't you and Joe Bell go and take George next door, you know?
And really kill the space, you know?
The mind is low.
That's what he's doing.
That's a fuck.
567, they love you, man.
They're obsessed.
I know.
They're insane about you.
567, 0560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line.
What's good about the QYM signal?
Is it good?
Is it bad?
Is it better than it used to be?
Is it much worse?
Can you hear us?
Can you hear it?
Deputy QYM, hello.
Hey, signal sucks.
Yeah.
That's number one.
Number two, what you do right now, if there was a zombie breakout, do you have a plan?
You know, a plan that you could put in action?
I do.
Or is it described it?
Baseball bats.
Can food.
That's it?
That's just a start.
Yeah, but okay, we'll keep going, man.
For real free.
What are you going to do?
Call him tomorrow.
Call him tomorrow.
Okay.
I'll go all the way to Zombies and stick it.
Break them.
A zombie breakout.
I've been ready for a zombie breakout for 40 years.
What is the show he knows there's already been a zombie breakout today?
862 on the Pearl Chris, you are smoking it.
Big time.
All right.
Oh, and guess what?
One of the local malls yesterday was it, well, this sometime this week, maybe yesterday, who knows?
They had an old Cuban guy rolling original real honest to God, Cuban cigars.
Yeah.
For like 20 bucks a pop.
Everyone's going to go to a party, a fancy party or a claw for something and they don't have that going on.
Guess how many I bought.
Oh, right.
Oh, guess how many I smoked.
Oh, right.
None.
You think with this situation I got here with my throat, I'm going to be smoking the fang-
I'm fang- it's a stuff.
Stogies.
I wonder if Stan Major's dead yet.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I sure hope he saved that two grand.
It ought to be worth more than enough to bury him now.
When you think?
I imagine.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, hola.
Hello.
Meal.
Yeah.
My comb.
No, I'm back at you.
Takes one to no one.
Shmuck, we got home.
5'6'7", that's not even the original guy, is it?
No.
No, I've been close.
That's the other original guy.
The bad, bad week imitation, Mady Cone guy.
The lame.
Call up radio-mombi and see what they say to that, sir.
Mady Cone, my ass.
How do you do that?
Don't you kill me and hello.
And heo.
Yes.
What the hell is the point of a...
McCain's going to Colombia.
I don't know, like, political...
What was that?
He's looking for the good stuff.
No, how are we all?
But as far as, like, what was the point of...
Who is he trying to motivate or please?
The Colombians.
Damn.
Oh fuck.
I know if we took it out of the closet.
You're right.
That could have been the best call of all time right there.
I guess it would have been better.
Couldn't get on here.
Got to break a lot of eggs.
Wow.
Let's see what this important fact is now.
Did you send it?
Yes, you did.
It says, Nio, you were asking about the QM signal.
Isn't the QM towel right behind the Mime Hill building on Biscayne Bay?
If so, here's why the signal may have been degraded over the past few years.
In just the past couple years, just within a few blocks of the tower,
the following towers have been built.
Just to the southeast on Biscayne Boulevard,
Marina Blue, 60-story building at 800 Biscayne,
900 Biscayne, 64-story,
10 museum parker, 1000-biscayne, 50-story,
Marquis, 67-story, that's a lot of 100-biscayne.
Just to the northeast on Bay Shore Drive,
that opera tower at 17th, and it goes on and on.
All the above buildings didn't exist in 2005,
some still under construction.
And if you go a few blocks further, the even more skyscrapers
just build it under construction.
These buildings are all much taller than the WQM tower.
We need the tower to be standing on its tippy toes,
baby, that's what we need.
Get that baby on its tippy toes.
Plus, it says there are more projects planned,
including a massive multi-story shopping center
directly on the Herald Parking Lab,
which should help the block the QM signal even more.
All right.
All right.
Then we don't have to say anything.
We can just go out and tell a lot of spots,
and play them.
We don't have to say anything because nobody can hear it anyway.
Right?
Right.
So, this is the only point for the QM sales department.
Nobody will hear the spot, but at least we're playing it.
Right?
Right?
Right.
I like it.
Come to QYM, hello.
We're going to have to say it.
Hi, Mew.
Come to QYM, hello.
Yes, it's not the Mew.
Yes.
Yeah, I just wanted to let you know
we're headed out west 441 in Forest Hill Boulevard,
and normally in month and month and month when I'd have the station on,
we'd have a...
You'd be in the background with a Julio station riding over you.
And it was very, very annoying, but I got to let you right now.
You are smoking.
Nobody, you are smoking.
Wow.
Yes, Mew.
You've never sounded so good, so keep it up.
I just talked to you.
You've got to take care.
There you go.
Maybe that's what we're doing so good today.
Maybe something to actually hear the station.
Maybe the planets are aligned right.
Maybe the moon is in Uranus.
Or maybe Mercury is in Uranus, which I'd call a doctor right away.
867 on Chris' pole.
8?
Yeah, 867.
I thought maybe it was going to like change to some gigantic number.
No.
What's wrong with 900?
I think we're going to do more 900.
Yeah, we'll plug it up in 915.
And then we all get a big, huge race.
Don't say we get names.
The best tower kiddock is the world.
Oh, that last note there just isn't there, is it?
I don't think so.
I was going to let it go when it just like that.
119 at QAM.
Curtis will be at the Mika Sookie Freedom Festival for jerks today to a clock and then Mad Dog.
And then tonight, well, we got a point.
Oh, I'm going to be thinking about that a lot these next 12 days.
You know, think about what?
Oh, about the fact we got a day party.
Yeah, no audience, no measurable audience.
None.
Zero.
Zipini Duda.
Wow.
We could play grandma Moses farting for those five hours if Joyce would let us, which you won't.
But we could.
And get more than 8, yeah, we're certainly more than a point.
Oh, could we?
56670560, pound 560, I'm a Verizon singular wireless line.
Come to QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, speaking.
Yeah, I'm a familiar with that last Mr. Ducks play.
If you keep playing it, I'll be the number's going to get real high.
It is from the Yakovs.
Yeah, okay.
Well, the numbers will get higher.
You will.
One of the other.
Five six seven 0 560 come on.
Let's get this thing rolling.
Man, we got 40 minutes to kill nothing.
I'm counting you understand.
You think I'm counting?
Yes, yes, I am.
And pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Come to QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, it is.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
All right.
We don't have the gentleman that gave the magazine to George before these.
I can't remember what he said.
Well, it's not that I would have thought that he had the appearance.
I was wondering if you got the magazine with the article about the Michael Murray and Stanley Dancer.
Oh, yes.
Thank you very much.
I loved it.
Yeah, it was great.
I kept that magazine for a long time because I hear you talking about them.
I thought you might enjoy that.
Well, I did.
I read the whole already in their entirety.
Oh, thank you very much.
That makes my sense.
Thank you.
All right.
All right.
Yeah.
Have you ever been to Vancouver, Ireland?
No.
There's even a racetrack there, Neil.
I'll be damned.
What is that?
What is that?
Fraser Downs?
No, that's the track at the mainland.
I used to race there, actually, whenever.
Overdale, yeah.
It's called San Diego.
They got a wild track announcer.
They're Fraser Downs.
Oh, is that right?
Yes.
Well, I just wanted to say hello to you.
You know, there's some normal people out here listening.
I just wanted you to know that.
Okay.
Well, listen, say hi to a Francis over here for me.
Okay, buddy.
Okay.
Thanks, Pally.
Thanks for the magazines.
Yeah, that guy has sent some pretty interesting stuff.
I mean, if I didn't care about honest racing, it would have been boring,
but I do when it was a good stuff.
Good.
I enjoyed it.
872 vote on the pool.
We got 900 licked, man.
We got it licked.
Yep.
Chris is licking it.
I said about 915.
I don't care what you say.
Okay, whatever it's going to be, it'll be quick being such a big shot.
Okay.
Also, everybody wants to be a big shot with this show.
Just like some people want to be a big shot with my money.
You know how that works?
Mm-hmm.
That doesn't take any talent being a big shot with somebody else's money.
No.
Let me QA M.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
I'm trying to think, but I'm trying to think, but nothing happens, buddy.
That's obvious.
Yeah, huh?
Let me QA M.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I, uh, Mike, a parent Stewart.
Mm-hmm.
I get your signal, okay?
Yeah, and Stewart.
Well, that's great.
Too bad we don't have a whole bunch of people with diaries in the store.
Yeah.
Um, it's for George.
Does that thing he does an excellent job?
Sure, I get fantastic.
He's fabulous.
I enjoyed him.
Hey, you know what's really funny about these sports stations?
Is it where a farm makes a little, little, little, little, little,
itch about maybe playing again.
Oh, they can talk about.
Mm-hmm.
Red farm, red farm, red farm.
Oh, my God.
Even Jesus Christ is coming back.
I think he is.
They have a great day, Neil.
See, he's playing for the Packers.
Jesus, touchdown Jesus, baby.
Forget about those damn Catholics in Notre Dame.
We're going to have the real touchdown Jesus in Green Bay.
What do you think they call them the Packers anyway?
I heard rumors.
I know.
Ask some of our in-house jocks.
They'll tell you some stories.
Like you say, they got the good stuff off the air.
Never on the air.
It's always off the air.
Maybe that's why at the night we got a point.
Oh, we're starting to worry about that.
People don't believe it.
Why?
People don't believe it when it's all there.
They don't remember.
They're starting to be courting the off-air conversation.
8.76, we need 24 votes for 900 and after that it's all gravy.
Pour it on a gravy train, man.
It's all downhill.
Wendry Q.A.M. Hello.
Yes, Jordan.
Such a bad phone, a voice.
Not even like a tenth of a second worth.
Wendry Q.A.M. Hello.
Well, like, up, down.
Wendry Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Good morning.
Good afternoon, I should say.
Good evening.
Yes.
Long time no see.
You listen.
When you came back, time to Florida.
Did you play anything on the hard rock casino in Pol-40 West?
Yes.
No more.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
Mr. Solvener.
Solvener.
Govener Charlotte.
We don't, we don't, we don't, governor Charles is dead.
Well, governor, I just say Charles, I said Charlotte, like, instead of Charlie, governor Charlotte
was overrides by day.
I have been a Supreme Court.
I know I had it on hours ago.
Over.
Well, but I don't listen in the morning because I don't like religious stations.
You know, I listen to W.O.D.A.M. and then.
Anyway, if WQB.A.M.
No, that's not WQB.A.
Well, whatever, 560 in the dial.
Well, let me ask you something.
Have you had, like, some kind of a breakdown or something?
What happened to you?
Because I've been listening to you.
No, no.
I think you've had some kind of a mental breakdown.
Yes, it's true.
You're right.
I believe it, yeah.
They should, they should leave this station to the religious crowd.
They are looking desperately.
You know, W.O.C.M. now is ESPN in Spanish.
And you know, W.O.C.K.T.
We used to have all of the religious stations through them all out.
So they are desperately looking for a place to lease.
And I think since they have canceled you, all of your good jokes and all good things that you used to do.
Do calls, yeah.
Maybe they should put that you make a decision.
Okay, ask the KMLV to go away, please.
Oh, there's Miss Potter on my way up there.
I'm sorry.
You described how this happened.
And it sounds like it's right out of a spine novel.
All right, come on.
If it's Miss Mark Potter on MSNBC, you know her?
She used to be on Channel 10, 100 years ago.
No, I don't remember her.
Oh.
I wonder if she was part of the Freedom Flotilla because she sure flowed.
What the fuck is your name?
The best talent.
You got it.
We only check this out.
You got it.
It's a place where it's supposed to be.
Absolutely.
You say none of the evidence would take up you to believe.
Can't get any double but I hope I'll be cut to pieces.
You believe in what they say?
They say like the ball, the ball, the ball, the ball, the ball, the ball, the ball.
As they use their names, the state of the ball, the ball, the ball, the ball.
It true.
I love the election ball.
We don't know who she's trying to name.
We don't know.
It's a place where it's supposed to be.
We don't know.
She got it.
Oh.
As in, oh, point, oh.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I can't stop thinking about that.
132 at 5.60 WTQAM.
We got Curtis for the jerk show at 2 o'clock.
8.81 on your poise.
You still need 19 to go, mister.
You better start pushing it.
Let's go people.
You got 20 minutes for 19 votes.
So you get to 900 at which point we all get a big fat raise.
WTQAM.
Hello.
I think you should be very excited over the fact that I finally came to my senses there
with those numbers on the monthly's.
Yeah.
And you see there's a little bit of a little teeny tiny ray of hope there at the end of the tunnel.
Let's still think about that.
0.0.
Oh, point.
A couple of.
Yeah.
It ought to be a little better than that, wouldn't you think?
Wow.
First time for everything I reckon.
You know what's how well Jojali Jo is moves have all worked.
Kenny and Bo show in the morning long gone.
Disaster.
Blow the hopper out.
Afternoon numbers.
A disaster.
Blow any K out.
Night time numbers.
Not just a disaster, but oh, point.
Oh, nonexistent.
You can't compete about our number tonight because we don't have one.
WTQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm really hungry.
I'm going to America and express.
Great.
WTQAM.
Hello.
I need help.
You need help.
We all need help from you.
The world needs help from you.
The universe needs protection from you and your ilk.
WTQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Who are you calling?
Yeah.
Who are you calling, Mr. Marshmoth?
WTQAM.
Yeah.
What is his ass?
Yeah.
And.
And.
What do you got, Schmoth?
That's what he's got.
Nothing.
He's got nothing.
He's got nothing.
He's got nothing.
He's 84.
You're crawling there, man.
You're on your hands and he's well at this time of the day on the 3rd of July.
Those are things people are like getting out of work and you know taking off for a long weekend.
Wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
This place closes early.
Really?
Yeah.
That place?
Yeah.
That means nobody came back from lunch.
I see.
Well, they're probably going to have the brain trust we'll get together and try to figure out what to do about these.
To ZX this year.
I'm trying to remember.
WTQAM.
Hello.
I need a thing.
QAM.
Hello.
Walked in as a customer.
I got the thing.
WTQAM.
Hello.
Neil, how are you today?
Okay, sir.
I can't believe.
We must live in the dumbest country ever.
They gave Rush Limbaugh $400 million.
So who cares?
Explain that to me.
What would you explain it to you?
Why do I have to explain it to you?
It doesn't irritate you.
No.
No, I don't care.
I don't care what other people are making.
But I have that kind of mark.
I feel like you're listening to that dummy.
You just got to saying it.
There's millions and millions of morons out there.
But who would say I don't have to make money?
The established ones.
They're making them money.
Don't you understand?
He's making them a fortune.
That's why they're paying them money.
Not because they like him.
Not because he pops pills or shops or doctors.
Because he's making them a crapload of money.
I hope you believe that.
Well, that comes out of his mouth.
It's mind boggling.
I don't know.
Because I don't listen to him.
Okay.
If I were you, I'd take up a hobby.
I'd take up my job.
We wish the weekend was already starting.
Says the professor.
Well, it's one of those things.
Mine starts in 25 minutes.
Yeah.
I'm just saying.
Rub it in.
Go ahead.
What?
Nothing.
I'm rubbing in them.
Just telling you.
You've passed out.
You've got a nice long vacation.
You'll bust hard.
Hey, you just had a vacation.
In fact, remember that week when you were on vacation?
In the last couple of days, I was like suicidal.
Remember that kind of call?
I'm Tuesday and kept saying that over and over again.
Pipsaid what?
Whatever I just said.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
I just wanted to run for the body for confirmation.
I was going to be updating.
I'll hang it out with my dad yesterday evening dinner.
And he says that he knows you.
Do you use to eat at a place called Flora's Pizza Place?
Sure.
Hey, remember that guy?
What guy?
The only guy I never met here.
Yeah, I don't think.
Joe, he said he knows you.
He said he's six computers for six torches of pizza one time.
Let me ask you this.
What difference does it make if he knows me or not?
What does that mean?
What?
What part of that question did you understand?
Yeah, huh?
Like I said, they get an early start.
I told you that.
56050560.560.
I need to rise in singular wireless line.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Do it in the heart.
QA M Hello.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hi, is this Neil Rogers?
Yes.
I'm a third time caller.
Mm-hmm.
And?
That is wrong with these colors.
You got a great strategy.
These colors are terrible.
Yeah, well, what do you got?
Well, I would like to know that's this guy that always calls who is this taco guy he's always talking about.
Who?
Who's this taco guy?
He's always calling who is taco.
That's the thing you eat.
Yeah.
What is it guys problem?
Mm-hmm.
I got a brown bag here that burr ant left on the doorstep.
Maybe you can have it for lunch.
That's something you eat in your case.
560560.60 and the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
I need the best time.
WDQ way in.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
You know who the smartest person of the building is Peter.
Peter let her.
It's from moving over from QAM to power.
Yeah.
Well guess what?
He came back to QAM.
How do you like that?
So how smart is that making him?
He did he really.
Unbelievable.
And it's amazing.
But the follow-up comment has said, if you would have said the most annoying from the first time.
And the building then I would make it possible.
Hey, I wish you would have come over to INV Pallywood.
We would have come here at a time together.
Yeah, okay.
Have a great life.
Take care.
Mm-hmm.
That wasn't Fat Boy, wasn't it?
No, it didn't.
Didn't sound like him.
I didn't sound fat enough.
Maybe one of his boyfriend's over there.
Yeah, it's so late.
Yeah, would that be something on a with a 50,000 watt channel signal like that?
I don't even know what I'm talking about anymore.
50,000 watts right in the middle of the dial.
They own all the billboards, promotion stuff like that.
But you know what?
We'll do the best we can.
Get the biggest name.
The best talent here.
Your right hand is working with five.
No fun in heaven this year.
145 and 16 seconds.
Nothing I'm counting you understand.
I want you to think I'm trying to do.
Be a slacker like you're always accusing me of.
You are.
We need six more votes to get tonight hundred questions.
Five more.
Five my ass.
No, thank you.
I thought we were going to go away over 900.
See? That's because you kind of like took it for granted.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
And here we are. We got 15 minutes to go and your 5 votes short and 900.
And all that big money we're going to get, the big bonus for getting to 900.
It may go right down the draw.
Damn it. I already sped it.
Alright, I was thinking during that bit.
What I played.
I was thinking of all the people who come and go on these last 10 years since we've been on the station.
I'll attend it a half years.
Who would you most like to have back?
I know we've done that poll.
Sure. Because you were saying Mo and Gildy.
Right. And forced them to be together.
Even though they hate each other.
Yeah. You know, forced them to do the show together.
Let me do QA and hello.
I'll take a side. Me. I'll show it.
Let me do QA and hello.
We're friends.
Let me do QA and hello.
Yes?
Oh, you know? Okay.
Sure. I asked him about the trends.
And I heard you're reading some of the breakdowns.
But now the cars are in the kitchen.
Yeah. The cars break down.
I remember in previous times, he said that the ticket wasn't your competition because you weren't on the board.
Radio guy.
That is correct.
And it seems sure, repeating them in the number that is all about comparing against the ticket.
Why don't we compare against IOD and footy and D where you're really good?
Oh, but back to footy again, huh? You're back to the footies now?
More on your level as far as your competition, what sort of doing what you're doing.
Let me say it again. Footy sucks.
You're wrong.
This is the only guy that could have said, are you like footies, agent or boyfriend?
Let's be a sales guy.
The athletic. Come out of the numbers.
But you know something, the last book that we have numbers for, we beat the crap out of them, okay?
And then the fall book, when we were number one and the men, we beat the snot out of money like that.
And I don't care what his numbers are, he still sucks.
It's an amazing that this reminds me of the guy.
What was his name, Dick, the one that kept calling. He called a couple of weeks ago.
And his wife kept calling to try to get him on here.
Oh, Livingston, Robbins, Robinson, something like that.
Yeah, something like that. Whatever his name was.
Same title for him to me. Don Sherwood.
That's it.
Reportership.
Femini QA, I'm Hello.
Hi there.
Yes, sir.
We have more of an consensus.
And that's it.
Femini QA, I'm Hello.
Yeah, I'm listening to the end.
I just don't know where it's going today.
Yeah.
You know where you're going, right in the toilet.
Femini QA, I'm Hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
Let's just show a little bit of respect for your employer.
Because he's an idiot.
They pay you an outrageous amount of money to sit there and be caught
to get some playing and moan.
Right.
Yeah.
You know, let me hit again.
He's an idiot.
That may be so far.
Are you his agent also?
Are you are you to him like the other guy was to footy?
Are you his agent?
Who's agent?
Joe Bell.
I don't work for that idiot.
Oh.
Well, consider yourself very lucky.
Femini QA, I'm Hello.
Hello, Bill.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I don't know how much you involve you are with the news down here in South Florida.
Do you ever get a chance to see the satellite or something to get to watch the news?
News about what?
About the teachers and their strike and other.
No, I don't care.
All right.
I'll leave that to footy.
All right.
All right.
All right.
I'll do it again.
Keep up the good work.
Okay. Thanks.
I'll leave it to footy, man.
He's kicking our ass.
That's what we have to look at.
Those IOD numbers.
Yeah.
WQA and Hello.
Yes, sir.
WQA and Hello.
I want to go out.
QA and Hello.
I believe that QA and Hello.
I want to bat in the butt, baby.
QA and Hello.
I don't know what I've been from watching about George.
Very good.
He's doing good.
But the accent is very bad.
The accent will be very bad.
Betty, Betty, bad.
WQA and Hello.
Yes, sir.
Whatever happens to the wall football.
I'm going to have to run.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Joe Bell promised he was going to build a wall of football.
That's right.
I think the wall came crumbling down.
Oh, I think it's in Berlin, yeah.
I'm glad he reminded us of that.
902 on the pole.
At a wall, Chris.
Excellent job.
Pull the pull.
Schmuck.
Huh?
The wall of football.
Remember that?
I do.
He was going to build a wall of football.
I guess the wall must not be on a midnight.
Oh.
At any time at night.
Oh.
Point.
Oh.
Wow.
So we got to wait all the way till football season before anybody might listen to night again.
Though those two moves, and of course the Kennedy and Beaumont show, forget it.
And of course, the, what's his name?
Jerks.
Everything that he has touched.
Everything that he's been involved in has turned to instant, pure elephant Schmitt.
Mm-hmm.
Am I right?
Yes.
I always wanted to say this five.
They like it.
Not, of course, not even to mention the demolition of the show, which he's in part in parcel of that.
He's been a co-conspirator along with Joyce.
Whatever we need, we can't have it.
Whatever we want to play, we can't play it.
Whatever we want to say, we can't say it.
Oh, you mean you can't play fart sounds on the air?
I'd ever even have kids shows they play fart sounds.
And then as soon as I started playing a few though.
And by the way, what's the guarantee that any of those sounds is a fart sound?
None of them are.
None of them are fart sounds.
We do this for a fact.
They're just sounds.
That's all, like this one.
That's a zipper sound to me.
Anybody ever hear anybody fart like that?
Of course not.
That's a quarter-way rubber together.
That's my pantaloonies.
That's right.
My brown quarter-way pantaloonies.
He's not like that while you're walking down the street.
Yes.
See, like I've told you before, if you're afraid to compete, then you might as well open up a Chinese laundry or something.
But compete.
Right.
I don't think the thoughts occurred to the scared of their own shadow.
Terrified.
Oh, don't say that.
Don't put that on there.
Like that no more fart sounds.
I mean, it would be a perfect way to end the show today and probably end the forever.
Play that again.
And I remember the day he called.
In the middle of the show he called me to tell me that we aren't allowed to play it anymore.
And I asked him the obvious question, why?
Isn't there usually got to be a rationale for not playing something?
No, here they're only irrational.
And he kind of like he did, and he's kind of stammered like, ah, or because corporate doesn't want to play it.
That's why.
Because corporate doesn't want to play it.
That's why, not because it's in violation of any FCC regulation, not because it's obscene or because it's indecent, but because corporate doesn't want to play it.
Because it might be funny, it might be amusing, and it might be beneficial to this show.
So that's a really good question.
Why does that they pay me all this money?
Because they certainly want us to fail.
Remember that Glenn Turner thing I keep talking about the guy with the hair lip that scam me.
I go and dare to be great right?
These people have got their own deal going.
It's called dare to be, I would say mediocre, but that would be your own statement.
Dare to fail.
It's like a race for last.
Dare to have a point.
I think we should just play that every day for four hours.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, what's the point?
You know, if you're off an hour, you're floored in number one.
The fuck?
Oh, you're a fucking liar.
Oh, you're a fucking liar.
