Your question is this,
have ordered a record case to talk about the
excessive.
You know, that's all you do,
and you need to come to practice.
You bring up the money for every
oil and food.
Don't begin an age.
The best talent.
Right!
You're listening to sports radio
560 WQAM.
I am a for the Lutterdale.
Bring up bag of food for the fat cheerleaders
or whatever the hell they are.
My lunch with!
My lunch with!
My lunch is honest.
Give me another beer.
Who's I'd like a moron?
I'm guessing, huh?
Every time he speaks,
he's the way God wants to speak.
He wants to take a city,
and cover it in the sweetest,
reneging can.
Reneging can?
Reneging can.
Reneging can,
because he wants to make a new,
or a lean-skate school.
And I don't care what people are saying.
It sounds like a suggestion.
We are black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is man.
He compares the locals to a willy-wong-a-fall chocolate.
Reneging can.
Yes, Reneging can.
Reneging can,
because he wants to make a new,
or a lean-skate school.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans.
The one that should be
uptown,
all wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate,
a chocolate New Orleans.
He never takes the blame
for anything he says.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate in some coffee,
and a whole wonderful dance.
Reneging can.
Reneging can.
No, I can't.
Reneging can,
because he wants to make a new,
or a lean-skate school.
You can't have New Orleans,
no other way.
It wasn't me.
You can't have it,
no other way.
Yeah.
A moron.
Tenno, two at five,
sixty, WQA and well.
The world's full of morons.
We know that.
We got sack with us today or what?
He is.
He's just finishing up some stuff on the other show
and hoping we're out of it.
Finishing some stuff up.
In other words,
he's taking a big dump
is that where you're trying to see the joke?
I should get an enjoy.
He's doing that right now.
A gigantic, gigantic,
huge joint.
At any rate,
I would have heard Joe Ranting and Raving,
at least he can speak again now.
That's good.
Oh, for Christ's sake.
And I forgot all about that drop-in.
You know what's what I'm talking about?
You probably don't.
No.
In fact,
you may never have heard,
yeah, you heard it.
Which one?
The one where Tom Hopkins says,
Speak Joe!
Speak!
That one.
But I've heard it.
But anyway,
he was Ranting and Raving about the,
all the noise out there at the ballpark.
I don't know why he's Ranting and Raving about it,
because it's nothing new.
The Panther game,
since they built that North Arena.
Although we did some of us finally got them to tone it down a little bit after the first
couple of years.
The music in there was so loud, not only couldn't you talk to anybody else, you couldn't
hear yourself think.
Which maybe that was the method behind your madness.
You know, making sure to think is any realize what crap you're seeing out there on the
ice.
See, the whole thing that with all the cheerleaders, the dancers, and the fat goofballs, it's all
a cover-up for the fact that the product that they're putting out there is garbage.
You've got all this water, it's like taking a fine wine and watering it down.
You know, it's like putting it in the glass and then filling the rest of it up with the
water.
People look to that, do they?
And that's what they've done with professional sports.
All the expansion man, airy, even like Chapac was probably going to have to have like a
major league something.
Call it major league and all of a sudden it's major league.
You know, put it much uniforms on a bunch of minor league guys and they're big leagues
is baby right.
That's what professional sports has become all about.
Mediocrity.
And so you've got to jazz it up a little bit.
You've got to like, you used to be back in the day and I don't want to sound like an
old funny that even though I certainly am.
But the game stood for itself.
You didn't need all of that.
You know, back in the 50s when Yankees and Indians would play those four and five games
series.
And it would be like 65, 70,000 people at municipal stadium in Cleveland and the same
in Yankee Stadium in New York and you didn't need all of that extraneous crap.
Because each game had tremendous significance.
Now it's like, wow.
It's crap.
So that's really the answer but of course Joe isn't going to say that because he's
part of the jockocracy.
So that's for big that we should say all the expansion is created rampant mediocrity.
They would call it parody.
It's called rampant mediocrity.
But your minor league goofballs running around with uniforms on pretending to be major
leagueers.
And a bunch of steroid loaded goofballs breaking all kinds of records which is which proves
that nobody really cares anyway.
Give me the money.
That's what it's about.
Give me the money.
Bill me a stadium and give me the money.
I got a great column by the way later on.
Boy, it's really good.
All right.
From Washington DC and the guy who wrote it riffs the hell out of Mark Fisher.
We used to work at the Harold who wrote a piece in what what do they call the Harold Sunday
magazine.
The parade?
No, it's not parade.
It's whatever they call it or thing.
A day of the traffic or whatever you say.
That's it.
Now, front page story about me with the tears coming down my eyes and the phones are ringing
all this other crap.
Mark Fisher did everything in their power to make me look like a jackass because the
Harold hated me like poison and they still do and I hated them then and I hate them now.
Dave Zerrin in the nation sports writer Swoon over DC ballpark.
Oh, it's grim.
I'm going to move it up in my pile.
I like that.
Huh?
Sounds good to me.
It is good.
It's a good column.
And he riffs Mark Fisher and asks and everybody else to watch them post.
Forging all goosey and the emotional about the new stadium they finally built in DC
and oh my god.
And of course, meanwhile people are starving and all kinds of crap is going on.
But that's America for you and that's the world we live in.
Fat cheerleaders my fat ass.
Oh my god.
You people.
And then of course, they're the silly people that go out and subsidize it.
Those are the best.
People like Norma can't like that.
Hey, Norma.
You failed.
Boy, I don't know what it is.
There's something in the air here.
Bad.
Maybe if I turn that the baseboard heating down, you think?
Yes, I'm good.
Yesterday was supposed to be that Indian summer was going to be 58 degrees.
Well, it did get up to 57.
I think they said, but that was like for about 10 seconds.
And then it got really windy and cold and nasty and ah, like that.
Well, I think it was more than it was overcast and rainy here.
So minus two now.
It's 28.
Oh, right.
That's a Fahrenheit.
And the high is going to be 41 but sunny.
A big bright sun.
Sun is shining right now.
It's beautiful.
Much to be sitting in here talking about your craft.
Here is the story of the century.
Forget about the war.
Forget about the economy.
Forget about all of these things.
All of these things.
And of course it's from the UK where the people just can't get any silly or just when
you think they can't they do.
Burger King UK announced today the launch of its latest salvo in the Battle of the
Burger Wars the new left-handed wapper.
Huh?
Which became available nationwide yesterday, April 1.
No fooling.
I don't think.
The UK's most preferred hamburger was still consist of lettuce onions, pickles, mayonnaise,
ketchup, and four-ounce fling grilled burger patty.
Hold the lettuce, hold the pickle.
But the sandwich has been redesigned to fit more comfortably in the left hand.
This will result in fewer condiments spills for left-handed hamburger lovers.
I didn't know hamburgers were left-handed or right-handed.
If you'll shut up and listen you'll find out fatso.
Okay.
The new left-handed wapper will have all the condiments rotated 180 degrees there by
redistributing the weight of the sandwich so that they bulked them skew to the left.
We've always been proud of the fact that we've offered a thousand twenty-four ways to
order our flagship wapper, wapper sandwich.
Now we're offering a thousand twenty-five ways.
It's the ultimate habit your way for our left-handed customers is the main Thompson,
marketing director for Burger King UK.
This is not an April Fool's prank.
I don't think.
Is this from yesterday?
Yeah.
Yeah, it is.
Now it's not.
It's from two days ago.
That's April Fool's.
No, it's not.
The left-handed club estimates nearly 11 million left-handed customers visit Burger King restaurants
in the UK.
Each year, Lauren Wilson from the club comments, were delighted that Burger King has recognized
the difficulties of holding a burger in your left-handed as a natural right bias to it.
We were jaw-authented hamburger lovers to visit the nearest Burger King and tasted it
for themselves.
Initially, the left-handed wapper will only be available in the UK high-ever.
Burger King's considering plans to roll it out to other countries with large left-handed
populations, obviously, let's say.
April Fool's Joker, maybe it's not.
I don't know.
I don't think so.
It's got to be.
Famous lefties.
Paul McCartney had a left-handed guitar mate, especially for him.
Busty model Melinda Messenger, legendary guitarist Jimmy Hendrix was lefty, supermodel
Sophie Dahl, former England cricketer, David Gower, cricketer, TV presenter Sarah Green,
and former MP Roy Jenkins.
Lefty Facts.
1965 left-handed scissors introduced in the UK, 95 first left-handed checkbook with a
stub on the right, was launched by Lloyd's Bank, and 98th lost at left-handed ergonomic
computer mouse brought lefties into the 90s.
How do you like that, a left-handed mouse?
Not too bad.
Look at that.
We had a million fifteen votes on the Polo yesterday.
Nice going, Eric.
Millions sixteen.
Wow.
April Fool, and that was our only April Fool.
What are you talking about?
We had a million votes.
Other than showing up.
Oh, shut up.
Quit being such a turd.
Huh?
The best days of my six life are in the past 536.
In the future, hopefully, 247.
So we had a thousand fifteen votes.
Well, I'll tell you, it's tough getting the votes these days.
That's because we got these 75 new sports reasons, man.
The audience talk about watered down like sports.
Everything's watered down.
So they're here.
Instead of having like eight major league teams in the league, let's have a hundred.
Let's have five hundred.
How about the TV in the New York?
It's major league baseball.
And hockey.
And football.
And b-ball, of course also.
Can play on the table.
I'll give you.
The best days of my six life in the future, hopefully 247.
In the present, like right this minute, and it's great 161 ride.
I'm asexual 43a.
And my best days of my six life are over because I said I do 28.
28 people I got hitched and that's when the sex stopped.
That's when it became like a duty instead of like a joy.
Instead of a spontaneous something.
All right, let's look at today's pool if we must.
Someone's that coming in.
He's moving his stuff over here right now.
And so he should be good to go in a minute or so.
George's on vacation this week, by the way, for those people that miss George really badly and
desperately, although he does have that two minutes spot with Rosanne.
So it'll be on later on.
Yeah, that's dealing with I feel we call them, but you know, the lawyers people right now.
With the what people, the lawyers people, I think what they're called.
Lawyers?
Yeah.
Well, what are you talking about?
I guess Joe did something wrong.
So you know, he's talking to them right now.
Hey, Joe blurted out GD on here and they had to dump it son of a bitch.
Where?
Well, we can say that.
But yeah, I guess he just got carried away.
He thought it was Jeremiah right there or something.
I don't know, but the ass jokes, of course, they can say whatever they want.
Those of us who are just talk show people, oh my God, Roger said, a new shbag or whatever,
you know, right away, Joyce is having a nervous crap.
Okay, we have 745 votes on your poll, which means we got a thousand licked easy today.
Yep.
And Eric got the new one up and loaded thanks to our friend Sean and Hollywood for tomorrow.
So it's already when we get to a thousand, we can swish it.
Here it is.
Regardless of your position on the issue, which of these is most likely an influence
your vote for president, the economy.
And that was like a late addition.
It wasn't even on there for Christ's sake.
Who the hell?
Who gave me that for?
I don't know some nameless goofball.
The economy, of course, it's the economy, stupido.
271, the Iraq war 252, pretty close.
Foreign policy in general, 51, health care, 49, God's stuff, separate nutrition, state,
et cetera, the God squad, 27, like my neighbor over there who heats me like poison.
I found out.
And I'm very pleased because the feeling is mutual.
Immigration 27, taxes 27, J rights 10, Cuba 9, drug 7, gun rights and such, six, the
space program 5, Israel 4, Oye, education 3, welfare 2, and FCC stuff and abortion both
have the big O.
Bang in the broad honey, let them arrive.
This is the moment we learn something new.
Before American Idol, you danced in the nude.
You worked at a place that is calm, but you didn't dance for any chicks.
Now see, Christ likes you even more.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I don't want to be picked out, though, because I haven't seen him in a long time. He's always been very nice to me. He's leaving on a Myspace thing. All of that Myspace stuff, well, I'll tell you that's your, you know, really disappointing. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. But you don't, because you don't participate, because you've got to live in girlfriend and you're screwing your brains out and having yourself a good time. You've got my face over there. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What
WHAT? What? What? About 500 bucks and that's alright. I don't have that, but it'll be the moment of a different life happily. If the company find out they're not having that much fun at home and they ask, I guess it's not. It's not something that you get to do, what you want to do is to come and have some fun.
Let's see how I do today.
So I'll flipping your coin.
It's like rock paper scissors.
Same thing.
I'm going to base my decision on whether I stay here or leave based on...
Because I'm sure you guys would be ecstatic to see me.
Although I think Chris would be out of a job.
I don't think we can work something out.
What do you mean by that?
I'll run the board.
You can sit where George sits that you use.
Maybe George would be out of a job.
And George can sell the others out like the guest mic.
Oh yeah, they would go for that in a heartbeat.
Not the cost cutting of beeswings.
They'd really go for that.
So I better not come back down there.
Or just do that to that of your house.
I am thin.
Well, that's a really good idea.
That's excellent.
That's what I'm thinking.
They've offered, once upon a time,
they offered to put a studio into my house.
Didn't think it's a great idea.
Yeah, of course.
Because that's the one negative man about getting in that vet every morning
and having to drive the Hershey High Winged on an over-credit 595
and drive down there.
I'm not that crazy, but then of course you get to the stadium there.
On Iced-Dairy Road, you make that turn.
Did they ever put a light there or not?
I'm sure they didn't.
No, they did not have a light.
Would you agree with me that there needs to be a light there?
You know what I'm talking about?
Were you make the left turn by the stadium?
You go on Iced-Dairy Road?
Right, when you get past the toll booth and then you make the left
onto Iced-Dairy Road.
Like with the stadium, it's very dangerous in the morning.
Now we're talking.
There's somebody that agrees with me.
There needs to be two stop lights in soft food.
I'm sure there needs to be many more.
That I'm really pissed off about.
Number one is that where Best Buy is on the Sunrise Boulevard
when you try to go out of that parking lot there and make the left turn,
it's impossible.
It's impossible.
There's a big sign there that says if you try to make a left turn
and here you'll be dead very soon.
And then of course the other one being the same with the stadium there.
Best Buy once pretty bad.
That is, we'll see you know what I'm talking about.
Yeah, I'm going to play.
You can't get out of that lot.
The only thing you can do is make a right and make a ue up at the corner there at Flamingo.
You want to know what I do to get out of there?
I go to the, around the back of the plaza to where like the party supermarket is
and I go out that, that's easier like left to make.
And where do you wind up?
You have to, you kind of have to still make a u turn,
but it's an easier like turn out of the plaza.
Oh, a nightmare.
I mean what do you people in plantation think about it?
You morons that are running the city or what?
Absolutely.
Christ and you people in Dave County there with at the end stadium.
Those people do not know how to drive,
trying to make that left turn there.
And then of course the best part of it is you get people in front of you.
There's one idiot in front of you to make a turn and they're scared, scared to death.
And they could have gone 15 times, they could have like done summer solts in the middle of the street
and still had plenty of time and they won't go.
They won't go and you're sitting there and finally you haunt the horn,
which is really taking your life on your hands there.
You haunt the horn and me while I'm going to blow your hat away,
you sound about that.
Like that, you know.
You never know who's got it going in their car.
I'm staying here.
I don't know, I'm really considering it for the first time in that weekend I had down there.
I had a really good time.
But like you said, if you win anything, you've got to pay tax.
That's number one. That's bad.
And number two, but I think if the studio were in my house, that would be a good way to go.
I could just lay out by the pool, work up a nice melanoma.
Or you can just, you know, use a wireless mic and do the show from the pool.
Yeah, that would be a good idea. I'm out here with the pool.
I get a couple of doors again, bring the papers out there with me.
You win need to, what?
Bring the papers out there with you.
Yeah, and I could go out on my front, the stoop there.
I open up the front door and yell epithets across the street of my religious, a fanatic neighbor there,
who hates me like poison.
Well, guess what? Like I said, to you, okay?
And you're Jesus and all your fairy tales and your bubble-wices and your pathetic tragic crap.
Anyway, for the last, so they're upset with Joe because you, I don't understand.
I thought he's trying to be helpful to the beast and save his life.
I think he's trying in a harsh way of a trying, yes.
Well, you know something, that's the only way to do it. You know it.
Hey, I want to talk to you.
You can't do it in a nice way like, oh gee, you're a little plump, you know, maybe you might want to lose an ounce like that.
That doesn't work.
You're going to die is what he's saying.
My doctor asked me if I wanted to be 40 years old at one point in my life.
I said, yes, he goes with, and you better lose weight immediately.
1973 in Sarasota, I used to wake up with pounding, sweating headaches every morning and that's because I weighed 266 pounds.
The most grotesque way to my life, and I went to the doctor.
And he took my blood pressure and the whole thing and he said, you want to, I forget how well 73 I would have been, how old, 31.
And he said, you want to make it to 32, I said, yes, well, you're going to die if you don't lose a bunch of weight.
He was right.
That blood pressure was out of control and I was just a huge fat slob.
And for skinny people like Clarence to be runner, how you're picking on the beast, you're picking on the beast, my boy, for any of you, you're an idiot, Clarence, you're a quizzling, a simpleton.
You are nerd and didn't even go to school there.
Too bad we don't get a big hurricane come along and blow his ass away.
Clarence, the one that comes in there in muzzle, Zach, just one Zach's going to tell us something really juicy and exciting, the audience will be hyperventilating about and Clarence every time comes in there.
Oh, don't say where, don't say where, they're going to be fired, we'll bring bow back to fire you ass.
They should hire Mo for what if they were ever going to fire when they should hire Mo that day and then have him fire me and then fire Mo again.
But they should do is bring Mo out there to be one of those cheerleaders there at the Marlin game.
So manatees, can you just see that? I can see it. I should be the head of them.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WDQAM, Niels Hath Price deals are the head of the town.
Every week we got another great offer for you for our happy Niels Rodgers listeners and even for the unhappy ones.
Starting tomorrow you can buy $50 certificates for 25 bucks to lose seals American cafe and Western.
Remember that song by Little Richard? Lose Seal? Remember that? No you don't.
Loseeels is a 1940 style upscale diner that captures the eluncent and feel of that era. It's all about homemade food, huge portions and family friendly prices.
By the way, a chicken I don't have your disc this week, I know what you're doing.
Menu items include a 12-ounce senator cut in your strip pulled pork platter, barbecue baby back ribs and marinated or Texas style chicken breasts.
Plus they got phenomenal desserts like homemade bread pudding and their famous big split banana split big enough to share but good enough to eat all by yourself.
Loseeels American cafe you'll find them at $20 to $50 Western Road and you can call them at 9.5.4.384.90.07.
And now thanks to Federal Neil you'll be able to buy $50 certificates at 1.5.25 bucks tomorrow starting at noon on WQM.com.
Don't forget they'll be poised and be ready but you gotta act fast because once they're gone they're just gone.
The best out is now largest 4.2562 AM.
The fourth leader.
Well I don't know how I got in the flight. My butt is stuck to something on your tie.
I'd wish I could get up off the seat. Could you bring me something in here?
Hey, keep me to the left of me magazines for the right here.
I am cooking the bathroom is true. Where I've been sitting here for two years and now I can't get off the cam.
And now my boyfriend's got a unit he's standing on the door saying please, please, please.
Well I just wanted some time alone. Now my rear end is attached to the throne.
I've been in here for hundreds of weeks. Now the toilet is attached to my cheek.
Bruncher to the left of me. To the branches of the right here I am cooking the bathroom is true.
I'm cooking the bathroom is true.
So everybody call up and rip the beast and ask because his ass weighs at least 400 pounds.
No, we're not taking any calls. Maybe Zach will take some off the air.
And I don't understand why do you get involved in these? What did you have to do with it? Were you the one that put Joe up to that or what?
No, I'm the producer of the show.
So I have to make sure that I police the show as much as I can.
That's a lot of work.
Oh, makes here that you police the show. That is sweet. That's beautiful.
And are you policing it? Oh, yeah, just call me off the air.
I'm going deaf. I remember I mentioned that yesterday. The levels just seem a little low lately.
I don't know. I mean, not in real bad. I can hear you.
Anything better?
What? I tried to make everything a little louder near.
Well, you're not. You're always impossible to hear anyway because you've got that raspy voice.
What do you mean? Sounds like you're going to raise your blades for 10 years. But at any rate.
What did you got along with where else? I don't know. Tell me why.
I don't know. That was a good hire.
For the last week Barack Obama has been grabbing an outstanding and nationally among Democratic voters.
But it was unclear whether that mojo extended the Pennsylvania where a sweltery support, especially among blue collar whites, appeared to be...
Rock solid.
That's exactly what it says here. Rock solid.
Now comes the first evidence that Obama is posing the gap in Pennsylvania. A new rasmussen reports polls say.
The poll of 730 Democratic primary voters in Pennsylvania dated yesterday shows Clinton's once double-digit leave over Obama is just down to five points.
It's 47-42 with 11% not certain who they're going to vote for. And it's not till April 22. And it is the second.
So it's 20 days away, almost three weeks from yesterday.
Long way to go, baby. And he's catching up to her. He's going to pass her like she's laid out prone.
The poll suggests that new news accounts, what Clinton called in a meeting with daily news editor of the four last week,
a misstatement over snack refinery by 96 trips to Bosnia, have definitely hurt sweltery.
Some 40% of Democrats' rates had the Bosnia trip will be very important or somewhat important on how they vote here April 22.
The Pennsylvania's also told the poll students that the economy is by far the number one issue today.
And a whopping 91% said the economy is getting worse these days. Oh, that's bad news for insane McCain, I guess.
As with previous polls, the numbers that just resented from the primary polls may carry over to the fall campaign against McCain, even more so if Obama's the nominee.
Some 22% of Democrats called it either not very likely or not at all likely they'd vote for Obama in the fall, while the couple of the number four Clinton is 17%.
Despite that, a narrow margin, 45 to 43, believe that Obama's got a better chance of winning in November.
One note of local interest, Governor Randell's aggressive promotion of the Clinton campaign hasn't done wonders for his standing among fellow Pennsylvania Democrats.
Some 47% say he's doing only a fair or poor job, Randell, who's like on every night with Chris Matthews on Harball, Softball, talking politics on a politics fix.
Chris Matthews, man, I put him right up there with what's his name? I don't know what's on there. Tony Harris.
How's Ronanke's been making this? I see it and somebody I don't want to see ever again right now.
He's on right now. What? He's on right now? Tony Harris? Yeah.
Yeah, he is, but they just took him off the screen as soon as I mentioned his name. He makes me want to vomit.
Smug obnoxious. He always laughing. He can be in a story about how ten little kids just got killed in the train wreck and he's laughing.
And he's an idiot. Although not in the same league as Chris Matthews, because he talks important stuff like politics.
The politics fix. With the same Howard Kleinman there, hey, Howard get a new hair piece already, wait a minute.
Howard Kleinman from Newsweek, where the hell he's from. Is that what his name is? I have no idea.
How about Howard Kleinberg, my old friend from Miami News back in the day? Oh, this thing is buzz now. What do it says?
Tracking up online FedEx tracking. It was shipped Monday. They did it again. Whatever that means.
Oh, well, it'll get here eventually. Just relax, Boca. Don't be sending me text messages. Just calm down. That's not like the world's going to come to an end.
He's just a worry. He's just a problem when you're dealing with over high strung people. They just bugger, oh, where is my check?
Well, you got to check in cash to real fast. I see that. How to make sure he didn't have wasted any time with that. What?
How to make sure it wasn't got about. My checks don't bounce, Mr. Ok. Let me tell you that right now.
All the way. Did they have one bounce here on my Canadian account? Uh-oh. Well, no, because I told you I deposited cash that one time.
And they hold your cash for five days. Do you ever hear me? So stupid. I'm not going to hold cash for five days.
Until it clears your ass. What does that mean? But I make sure it's not a dirty. Yeah. Dirty money, my ass.
In fact, I told him my money comes from the beastlies and they said then we're going to hold it for 50 days.
Well, don't be saying that. You get them all upset again over there. Okay, fine. Let's go pick on the beast again.
All right. That's really something. The legal. What was that line that Chris came up with?
That was the most stupid thing you've ever said. More that covers a lot of territory. Which one? The one about he's in there with the legal people.
Yeah, the legal department. We don't have any legal department. Okay. House council. That's what he has. House council, my ass, with Wimpy, uh,
clearance is what he's talking about. But he's afraid to say it. You know, so it comes up with it just like Zach is a melee mob.
Doesn't want to say it. What? That clearance was chewing you out about the beast because the beast is his boyfriend.
This isn't a place of business. It's a it's a UM fraternity. Well, nobody chewed me out.
I think getting to an argument with Josh. We just he just you know, he was chewing Joe out by way of you.
Joe in this meeting Joe was there. Yeah. Oh, so what I have to be I talked to you about. We were just all being talked to you know,
it wasn't just because of the beast. We're just having a post show meeting. I'll post show me.
Yeah. We do that every day. I think we should start having this now. Oh my God. It's not only ding dong school before the show.
It's ding dong school after the show. Well, of course, we would have to be away before his getting up time to do ding dong school before the show.
Yeah, he's either by 6 a.m. It's not the pregame. He's not the pre show. He's not in the pre game. He's in participates.
So that has to be a post game show for his convenience. He comes in once a while. We normally don't do the meeting with Josh.
He just the if you have something he needs to let us know about it. Oh, yeah. Like what?
Event promotions this and that from from the nation. Promotions that this man really say that with a straight face.
Hey, the sports side has promotions a lot.
The best talent here is the number of sports of you 560 QAM. The sports leader.
He'll Roger Scott.
Hey, the package is downstairs. It was delivered at 9.30. Through this morning. So I think I'll go down and out. Maybe I won't come back.
Yeah, you'll play.
Yeah, you'll play.
We're only wealthy people. It's where we're going to play. And that's very like about VOKA.
A down where he goes on every small down where they say help call in every corner as a ball.
That's what I like about VOKA.
I'm going to be a big fan of VOKA.
I'm going to be a big fan of VOKA.
I'm going to be a big fan of VOKA.
I'm going to be a big fan of VOKA.
Oh, gee, those acrylic launches. Wait, shoes, make us so approaches. If you're free, let you touch us.
And that's what I like about VOKA. We really don't care what you think. You see how a dude who doesn't stink.
There's no coffee. Only VOKA. That's what I like about VOKA.
I'm going to be a big fan of VOKA.
I think about VOKA.
OK, 1045. Put a package is down there, the aesthetics. So with VOKA Barnes' disc and the other disc and all the other, everything.
I don't think it's the call you when you get a package. Well, they do, but sometimes they don't.
Because they know that if they call me early in the morning, I'm not going to come down to get it usually at 2 o'clock anyway.
So why should they bother? Well, I'm going to surprise them. I'm going to just show up there in my box for sure.
It's not my box for sure. It's my walking shorts and my white slippers.
Well, I don't want to get fully dressed just to go down there to pick up a stupid FedEx.
Yeah, who would want to do that?
No, I mean, what difference does it make if I go down there looking like a clown? What difference does it make?
They have the big red nose?
800 7 votes on your pool, by the way. You got it made in the shade of day for that thousand. No problem at all.
Oh, right.
A key, oh, and that thing that you faxed me that somebody sent him, which I don't want to sound ungrateful to them because it's a great article about what a liar swillery is.
And it documents it very, very authorily. But it's a little bit long. I'll see if I have time to squeeze it in.
You know what I mean?
I've been doing a lot of squeezing. Really?
Yeah, sometimes not consciously. Just, you know, always you or someone else.
What are you talking about?
You've been doing a lot of squeezing lately. Yeah. Have you been squeezing someone else? No. Why not?
A key, how are we supposed to support or appear to be a bit off message during a relationship with a Canadian radio station, eh?
What's this thing you're faxing me now?
It's a nice article.
Oh, it's something long. Condi's workout reveals a fit diplomat. Did you hear about the stunt power 96, put his, they pray for fools.
They became 96 X or a circa early 90s, even the website one retro. And yeah, well, what we do, a big deal. 96 X.
If I had to make a prediction right now, I'd say Barack Obama is going to be the next president.
Missouri representative Immanuel Cleaver said they can eat in public radio interview this weekend. I'll be stunned if he's not the nice president of the USA.
Cleaver and African American endorsed Clinton's White House bid last year and formally remained aligned with the New York senator, even as other black leaders shifted their support to Obama.
But, after his district voted for Obama in the February 5th primary, Cleaver did indicate he would consider voting for Obama at the party's convention if the delegate count was extremely tight between the two candidates.
In the Canadian radio interview, Cleaver made a clear he doesn't expect Clinton to overtake Obama comparing his support of the New York Democrat to that of his hometown losing football team.
Even though I don't expect the Kansas City Chiefs to beat the Annapolis Colts, I'd share for Kansas City anyway, he said.
We love them, Marlons. They got a bunch of fat cheerleaders and the food socks and like that.
But they got that new stadium coming in a couple of years just hang on tight baby and Daniel Abashard will be their wife's enrolmatic and enthusiastic about all opening day at the mall park and the smell of those weenies.
I bet he misses the smell of the boosters. I guarantee you that. I hear those two are really, really tight. Oh yeah. Really? Are they their best friends?
That's a sad comment here. When Boob worked for us, I always thought even though he was a horrible talk show host, a rock and roll talk show guy. Good play by play man, but horrible on a year.
But I thought he at least had a little common sense. Obviously not.
Anyway, this is a guy Cleaver, not related to Wally.
Also pushed back on the notion that Clinton should take her fight for the party's nomination all the way to the August convention though he ignores it's not the position he's supposed to take.
If I do the party line, I'm supposed to say and maybe I'll say just so if anybody hears that I can say well, Cleaver did the party line before we told the truth.
We believe that a contest going all the way to the conventions with from America, but he ended an actual convention fight would be a tragedy of tragedies.
You hear that? Swallory? A tragedy from one of your own supporters. Cut the crap and get out before it's too late.
Condi's workout reveals a fit diplomat. She realizes few other people are willing to rise at 4.30 and more you get a daily workout that diek, that bullfight Condi.
That's my own particular, particular strangeness she says. She's the Jim Rat, they call her the Jim Rat.
Actually, some days it's 4 a.m. and she considers 40 minutes and elliptical exercise machine like cardio day. She has a tough regimen with weights on those wimpy days under the tutelage of a hard boy trainer, a hard body trainer.
Doesn't say boy, probably some dike. Like everybody, I get up some mornings and I think I can't do it and then I think sure you can because you won't feel as alert if you don't.
She said an interview with Fitness Magazine.
Tennis player Billie Jean King, gay, was in early sports heroes, she said and Vescavall's legend Michael Jordan probably the most beautiful athlete of all time.
Ahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
The Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global Global
While Boswell and Fisher were given Prime Kamil state to Gush, Kamil and Sally Jenkins didn't even get a quarter of a comics page. It's understandable by Jenkins the 2002 AP sports commentist of the year didn't get to play four years ago she refused to Gush.
While you're celebrating the deal to bring baseball back to Washington, understand just what it is that you're getting. The large publicly finance state, even potential sinkhole, the housing team that's not very good, both of which may cost you more than you've bargained for and be of questionable benefit to anybody except the wealthy owners and players.
But tell that to baseball Romantics or the mayor and his people and they act like he
just called their baby ugly.
It's lovely to have baseball in Washington again, but the deal that brings the Montreal
exposed to Washington is an ugly baby.
Jenkins' words have come to pass, but this isn't just an ugly baby, it's rosemary's baby.
It's $611 million of taxpayer money in the city that's become ground zero economic
segregation and gentrification.
$611 million over majority opposition of taxpayers and even the city council.
$611 million in the city said to close down a staggering 24 public schools.
At $611 million a mere five months after the mayor commissioned a study found that the
district's poverty rate was the highest it's been in a decade, and African-American unemployment
was 51%.
At $611 million in the city where the library shut down early in the metro rust
over, that's a living throbbing reminder that the Boatty Pride District of Columbia
doesn't even rest on the pretensive democracy.
This isn't just taxation without representation, it's a monument of average that will clear
the working poor out of the southeast corner of the city, and surely as if they had just
dispensed with the baseball and used a bulldozer.
This is sports as ethnic and economic cleansing as Hurricane Katrina as shocked operand as
Green Zone.
Fittingly Fisher wrote President Bush came out to throw out the first pitch.
Fittingly he was roundly booed, he stood on the mound, proudly oblivious, taking center
stage in again and what can only be described as occupied territory.
The best talent is in the Rogers 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
This is the New Rogers Show.
This is a play.
Any questions?
Good morning sir, how are you?
It's Robert Eiger, president CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
I'm not a sad title every time, and how am I?
I'm not good!
I lost a pencil on the trend scheme!
The Earthman genius turned into an egg, I don't know what the f*** I'm doing!
Sir, I thought you'd quit gambling.
I haven't quit anything, I do it all.
What's your problem now?
No sir!
I'm being so angry with you, I'm not using you!
What sir?
You gotta use me more, remember, my ships are coming up!
Get me on some of the ABC shows!
I own the Mid-Walker Cryon Outlaw!
Well sir, what did you have in mind?
You are only 18 inches tall.
I would be shite jokes!
So run on 18 inches tall!
I am writing gold!
People love Mickey Mouse!
What did you have in mind?
How about you put me on private practice?
Maybe write me a little embarrassing without a sunbite.
I'm a rubbery...
You never examined me on my table, Harris!
Sir, she's no BGYN!
So I could have a little BGYN!
I think she's more of a...
Whatever, how about grace and anatomy or dirty sexy money?
Hey, put me on Women's Murder Club and give me a scene with Angie Harmon!
Yes sir, I don't believe a mouse would probably work in a crime procedural then.
Hey, they said television! It all works!
Yeah, I don't know sir.
How about dancing with the stars?
I am perfect for this!
Sir, you may be too small to do any of the dancing stars.
I am a hell of a dancer!
I could have an affair with that Maxim Chica Scabia!
Sir, Maxim's a man.
Oh, well, who's the hopper?
Is she out back or Julianna hop?
Oh, yeah, she's out back.
Oh my God, that Julianna hop!
I like to get my big white hands all over that.
Sir.
Aren't you a married man?
He doesn't do anything anymore!
She used to say no to nothing!
Now she says no to everything!
Sir, shouldn't you maybe go to therapy or something?
Hey, why don't you put me on men and trees?
Is there any shei-sia or DC this month?
Well, I believe she's dating her co-star James Cuppert.
So she's AC!
I don't know what that means, but yes.
AC, DC!
So I actually have an idea?
Wait a minute, stop the presses!
Oh my God, that has an idea!
And what is it?
How about a griebetti?
Why would you put me on that show?
There's nobody hot on that show!
What's called ugly beck!
Hey, well sir, a man is in the show.
She plays a man!
Yes, she plays a man, but she is a woman.
But she plays a man!
Well, the man told me my reputation!
Sir, wouldn't you just be acting?
Did you bet that Jets is weak?
Oh my God!
I don't gamble, sir.
Sir, I don't think you should either.
You've had a problem with that.
Oh, hang on a second.
Did I ask you when I thought you thought?
Well, no, sir.
Sir, I didn't.
Did I?
I thought since we were friends, we could...
We're not friends!
We're not?
No, we're not.
You're my puppet!
And is your butt hurt from having my big white hand up?
You're running the old day?
No, sir, I'm the president's CEO of the company.
You're not bad!
I pull all the strings.
I'm just paying off your penaculance!
Well, sir, this is a great conversation.
I'm not sure if I go on an November.
I pick one and get back to me.
Yeah, I'll just work things out with the programming department.
Yeah, look there and get beyond a pleasure
for dancing with the stars.
Right, you want to be a hell of a dancer?
Right, yeah.
You have my tango, and I just go up and down that julienn on a hot...
Yeah.
Good bye, sir.
F*** me!
It's 11.05 with 560 W.D. Grant, I made it back.
I do like that.
With plenty of time to spare, with 75 seconds to spare.
Oh, right.
Did you run?
No, he did not.
Well, I just got lucky with the elevators.
You know, I punched a button and within 5 seconds,
going down was there, and then coming back up was that there was one there.
That's the whole deal.
You know, in a high-rise building, it's the luck of the droni elevators.
Oh, yeah.
846 Holtz on Chris's pole.
Aren't you proud and pleased as punch?
Extra proud.
Well, good.
Oh, the dow was up 30.
It started out on the megatory side after that big day yesterday, baby.
Airbethins, coming up roses, can't you smell it?
Either that or Joyce's farting in.
If the fight over whether the counter results in Florida and Michigan makes it to the Democratic National Convention,
Swarie will not have enough pledged votes in the 169 member credentials committee
to deliver a majority decision in her favor, according to an analysis conducted for Politico.
She's got Swarie's baby, that's Swarie.
Her only hope of getting the key committee to vote out a majority reports supporting her position
rests on her ability to persuade and as yet undetermined number of the 25 members appointed
the committee by party chairman Howard Dean to cast votes for her position.
The DNC's credentials committee consisted 144 pledged members every go with the numbers again.
Florida and Michigan not included plus the 25 party leaders elected officials appointed by Dean.
The 25 appointees included a mix of Dean loyalists, Obama supporters, and at least several individuals who have endorsed Swarie.
If the formal process of seeing the delegation cannot be resolved,
according to Clinton senior adviser said those 25 will be important.
The analysis was conducted by Matt Safehang and attorney and former delegate counter for past Democratic presidential candidates,
including Bubba in 92, to build Bradley in 2000.
According to his projections and the calculation of the number of committee seats that each candidate's entitled to,
based on their proportion of the statewide voter, the relevant caucus rules, Obama holds roughly 65 seats in Clinton 56.
There are slightly more than 23 seats still to be decided in many contexts.
Safehang's findings revealed that Clinton faces an uphill battle as an empty single on Saturday,
or campaign decides to take her fight to seek Florida and Michigan delegations to the credentials committee.
While it's mathematically impossible for Clinton to win a majority without winning over number of Dean's appointees,
it's also highly unlikely that Obama will have enough votes to capture majority without doing the same.
He would need to swift the five remaining contests by one-way margins to win the roughly 20 seats necessary to gain a majority.
Clinton has, however, already won enough pledge members to meet the 20% threshold required to vote out a minority report,
meaning that both Democratic candidates could have their positions voted on by all seats.
It just goes on and off. It's just as much a crap as what it is. Why can't they just vote in somebody wins? That's all. Isn't that pretty simple?
They vote? Somebody wins? That's it?
The white ones are problems. Too easy. Yeah.
Much too simple, too easy. All these complicated caucuses, and we have a primary, and we have a caucus,
and then four weeks later we have a fist fight, and a peeing contest, and whatever.
I think the butterfly. God Almighty.
Stick to those stupid ball games, man. No wonder run a sports station. Now, you know, stick to the ball games for simple crap for simple minds.
Now, they replace some of the baseball. I know we have horse racing on it, replace it in hockey.
Five green grass is racing six. In seventh, that's Eddie. Luck be with me.
No, that's a little worth of downs, baby. That's a really big time, not.
Air Canada Center, the savers have to win out and get a lot of help.
Sports head, I tell you, with the highlights.
Get the trucker across the line. Over to the field.
Seven out eight.
We're going to win.
That's been 26 games since John Fullstains, for the men in the country.
The first time we've ever seen a ball game, it's been a tough one.
It's been a tough one since what he told me.
He's a line from there, and he's had a lot of good money to hire.
He's been a pilot. How do I ever waste money on that?
No!
The heart for wearer is sitting with his boys.
One time I don't know who he is.
That's a little lower. What a big stage that is.
It's struggling to hit his line.
But can you get it all along the line with panic and war?
Three on one break.
I'm going to get it all out. Two, three on one break.
Next, if it again, I'll watch you like to take a shower with him.
I'll say that right now.
Can I say that on your not?
I think you just did. Well, good.
Hey Max, what do you got, baby?
Well, those Russians, you know, they're pretty nifty.
So what are we going to do about that, Joe Rose?
How is he going to have to get suspended again?
Are we going to go through all those childish games again?
It sounds to me like a bunch of childish crap going on, you know?
Come on.
We're not children.
Yeah.
It's not childish games.
Are you going to start acting like adults?
That might not ever happen.
I mean, is that the show now?
Maybe we can talk about saving the beast.
We could do it like a telephone.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
I think that's a fabulous idea.
Just I'll give out my number.
Send them money to me.
I'll save the beast.
Put them in a gigantic net.
I just don't understand.
Of course, you do have to realize one thing.
That is nobody wants to talk about that.
I mean, they lose every day.
They don't just lose.
They get pounded.
They get trashed.
The pamphlets, of course, have been eliminated from the playoffs
for the 400th year in a row.
So nobody wants to talk about that.
Plus, there's no interest in the first place.
The Marlins are playing with like a bunch of little leagueers again.
They won a game, though.
That's why they're like, that's why Chris said this.
They won a game.
There's one one.
There's one.
Let's hear it.
And the kids on the mound tonight.
Okay, whoever the kid is.
I heard Joe say that at the end of the show this morning.
And kids on the mound tonight go out and see the morals.
And see those fat cheerleaders.
The manatees.
Is that what they call them?
They're the Florida manatees.
They're human blobs.
I think there's a job for the beast right there.
I think that would solve the problem.
They get a little exercise out there.
At least jump it around, jump it up and down.
Right?
You think that the kids...
Maybe he can be a pinch runner.
If they ever get a base runner, they can be a pinch runner.
You think there's a beast wobbling down the baseline?
I'd love that.
I'd pay extra to see that.
How much weight do you think a guy could lose out there in that heat?
About 15-20 pounds, easy.
Now let's see, 15-20 pounds.
Times put them out there 10 days in a row.
I can gel out in August.
Right, there's 150 pounds coming down to a nice felt 700.
Oh, there he goes again.
He's picking on...
And let me ask you this.
What difference does it make if he's picking on him or not?
What difference does it make?
Can you explain that to me?
No, there's...
I don't know if there's a reasonable explanation.
I just don't know what I can do.
I'm just curious.
I'm just curious.
This is a heart attack.
What difference does it make whether Joe is doing it to try to be helpful?
Or is he just making fun?
Because, in fact, he's bigger than the house.
Nobody ever came to me and said,
Oh, you're making fun of fat rich.
I'm looking at him and he's dead.
See what I mean?
The fat people are the good people and the good people are the dead people.
Trust me.
His name's FAST.
He's dead.
435.
60 km.
The fourth leader.
Come in, Acha with...
He's hoosed to eat me.
Hoosed to eat me.
What's that?
That is all the way to the wall.
And I'm a window Charlie, David.
He can hoose and hoose.
And he can hoose and he can hoose.
And he can hoose and he can hoose.
And he can hoose and he can hoose.
That's the only dog I know there.
He has a wagon and a leg.
And a log.
A joy of eating today, the illusory and the gloobies of a mohower, David.
Yeah, that's right.
To the door.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I see you brought Nieldi with you.
Yeah, unfortunately, he lost the power of speech.
From all the yelling at the fifth again.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What?
He said he lost the power of speech from all the yelling at the band they gave.
Oh, but that ain't the worst part.
Now he'll never attain his dream.
It was...
To be a big band singer.
Oh?
So, uh, was the real reason you're here?
To get you fired to do this.
To get my old job back.
And just how you're gonna do that?
The jaw going down under.
To blow it off.
Say, uh, to the log.
Just one more time.
Okay.
To the log.
All right.
Oh, man, I haven't been this happy in a long time.
Was it 18 to 560 WKM?
Let's take a look at the schedule today.
By the way, speaking of that, I told you it was correct.
What do you mean by that?
I mean, you never know right here.
Are you picking on clients again?
He's been a commandeer and kickers.
I don't know if you don't watch it.
I don't do that.
We got the jerk show at the Sony Ericsson at 2 o'clock.
What is that?
A tennis tournament?
Gauntlet.
Yeah.
That's the old lipden.
Oh, the old lipden, tennis, baby.
The old lipden.
At 4 until 6.50 we got the mandol.
Because then at 6.50 we got first pitch with Jesse Angler, the Marlon Free Game Report, which is one of the silliest things I've ever heard of in my life.
That's because we don't carry the games.
So we got those 10 minutes in there.
And I'm sure we got a bunch of spots, right?
Oh, yeah.
We love the Marlon's.
We want our money back.
Oh, yeah.
Then we got the dolphins all asses from 7 to 9.
Another tune out.
And 9 to 9 we got the V.A. Show.
He's got to follow a lot of swill.
He's a swill guy though.
A little bit of him realized when he came here from Kansas City after he lost his job out there.
He's thinking, oh, I'm going to go to Sony South Florida.
It's going to be really great.
They got all four professional sports down there.
They got the, oh, yeah.
We got it.
After more than two years on the hot seat, South Florida and our David Paulison plans to
resign as director of FEMA.
Remember Brownie Brown?
Mm-hmm.
Paulison, former date fire chief and still resident of Davy, said his departure could come within
weeks or months possibly during the hurricane season, definitely by January.
It's a tough job.
Paulison 61 said today during a roundtable discussion with several reporters of the National
Hurricane Conference, there's a lot of stress on you and your family.
I'll stay as long as I can, Paulison said.
I'm here for now, but sometime between now and January 20th, I'll be leaving.
He stated plans to resign regardless of who takes over the White House on that date.
A top aid assistant administrator, Carlos Castillo, former date emergency director, told
he also plans to resign from FEMA within two months.
Castillo 47 joins Paulison in Washington less than a year ago.
He took control of Paulison to the FEMA September 2005 after Michael Brown came under headband
in criticism for his performance during the in a wake of Hurricane Katrina.
Brownie Brown.
Heck of a job, Brownie.
What a disgrace.
Oh my God.
That's what I'm telling you, man.
The whole thing, the whole world is full of crap.
All the religious getkeys with their lives with their big tax-free business, all promising
all this crap.
Oh, you're going to go to heaven and all the angels will be there and the Muslims are going to get laid
with all these virgins.
And all these crooked politicians, all these guys, oh, don't do what I do.
Do what I say or however that goes.
Right?
Is now how goes do do what I do?
Yes.
And don't do what I say.
That's Elliot Spitzfrieg and that whole bunch, man.
Not just him.
He's one of many.
Well, I got my glasses back.
I can actually see something now.
All right.
The sun is shining.
It's a beautiful day, man.
The snow is all gone.
And once it's gone, it's gone.
We hope.
It was one of those things that if it's gone, there's a lot of things that are going to happen.
There's always more to replace it.
You never know.
But it's the second of April.
Let's not have any more of that crap, right?
You bet.
You said it.
I see all the snow that was gone down there when I was there this last weekend.
Yeah.
Just in time for you to come down.
It was good.
I had a good time.
And that one, I had one good meal out of two.
That's not, you know, I mean at Grand Lux Cafe, I could live without that.
Mmm.
Disappointing.
Or I should have just had two bowls of chowdance, that are one bowl of chowdor and entree.
I think that's the deal in a lot of these places.
The appetizers and the soups are great.
And the entree is suck.
They blow.
You're supposed to get full before you get to the entree.
Yeah, that's right.
And I think I probably should have.
Because that omelette I had, man, my dogs wouldn't have eaten that.
That's how bad that was.
It was kaka.
And everybody else is suck too.
So, you know, if there are three people having lunch and one of them has, you know,
you can always say, well, you ordered the wrong thing.
You know how that goes?
Oh, yeah.
Now, what were you telling me that you had there that was so good?
I had like a chicken parmesan.
Chicken parmesan.
Chicken parmesan, and then they have a, like, that's one of my favorites.
I love that.
And they have a pan roasted chicken with vegetables.
Oh.
You're good.
Chicken, man.
Too much, damn chicken.
I can't eat anything else.
The only good chicken, man, is there at the hard rock.
That was the good chicken.
And that machine.
And that's keeha.
The screaming chicken.
I love that game.
And of course, next time I come down, I won't be able to get anywhere near it,
because everybody's going to be playing it.
I'm going to be there.
No, you're going to be there.
You have plunging your guts out.
You've last there about five minutes.
Why is that?
Let me see it again.
Every day if you play the max, it's three bucks a shot.
That's not bad.
I can play like three or four times.
Yeah, that's it.
That's it.
Of course, he can play at once.
Hey, I might be able to do it twice if I say it.
He could hit the button one this few months.
And maybe you'll get all the three chickens.
He'll be screaming and wailing.
Be sure and pick the 29 free spins.
Okay, times one.
Because if you get the three chickens, you get a choice.
You either can get like ten times triple credits or five times five.
You know what I mean?
Or 29 times one credit, depending on what you get.
You found out how it's confusing.
No, it's not confusing at all.
It's just like challenging.
And of course, most of us being greedy, we want the 29 free spins.
We don't want to assume that we're just going to take five.
And there's going to be like some big number on here,
and you're going to multiply it times five.
No, nobody wants to do that.
Right?
Right.
Let's have a slot seminar, and then we'll talk about saving the beast from fat.
I read it.
Now, we're getting away from the same city of sports on this station.
I don't understand what's going on.
That happens a little while ago.
And of course, the dolphins.
I mean, who the hell are they?
We love the dolphins.
You're going to want to pair this year.
I predict at least two wins this year.
Maybe even more.
I'd not too sure about that.
Wow.
Who's the quarterback going to be this stiff John Drake back?
No, probably Josh McCann.
That's it.
Who?
John.
Jack McCann.
He's a veteran guy.
He's been around the league.
I never heard of him.
He was with Oakland last year.
Oh, no wonder I never heard him.
Who know who to watch that?
Although they did beat the dolphins last year, early in the season.
Remember that?
They called up.
They beat him.
They demolished them.
They smothered them.
They destroyed them.
I forget the score, but it was another embarrassing.
Oh, my God.
Oakland, the freaking Raiders.
With Oct.
Olamonica.
Boy, I sure did like the Olamonica man.
He was great.
Even with the bills.
They used to start Jack Kent for the old Buffalo bills and the old AFL.
They'd start Jack Kent for the third quarter.
The bills would be sucking windman.
They'd be desperate and the crowd would be yelling,
we want the Monica.
We land.
They'd put him in the pool of Game Out very often.
Cookie Gilchrist was the running back, by the way.
Remember those days?
No.
No.
Those were the salad days, baby.
Those were good days in Buffalo.
And Buffalo hasn't had too many good days.
No.
Any place where it snows in the middle of July can't be all that.
I mean, Buffalo is just horrendous, unless you like bowling.
878 votes on the pool.
We might, they'll go over 900 this hour.
How do you like that, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Fancy Pants?
That's all those people listening to us.
I don't see it.
We'll find out Friday morning.
Zack's not going to be here.
That'll be the big test.
Oh, boy.
Now, what are you predicting?
What do you think?
How do you feel about it?
Five other votes.
Because I'm not talking about votes.
I'm talking about the trend.
Because both your show and our show had the whole station in January.
We took it in the old nose.
I think we'll be okay.
You do?
Yeah.
At least I'm one.
You still got 66 deals left on your restaurant thing this morning.
I don't want to rub it in, but...
That food was good, though.
They had a lot of good fruit and stuff.
Yeah, well, come on.
Let's push it a little bit.
Okay, let's go to qm.com and sell out those things for gel for little dog.
I mean, 66 out of 100 here is...
See, the problem with that thing is you started too late.
Who'd help push that idea over on you guys?
You started in eighth and you've got two hours to push it.
I like that.
That's a good idea.
Of course, it's a good idea.
Who the hell did that?
I don't know what's going on with that girl, man.
She just ain't the same no more.
Someone in the back.
Probably one of the sales guys.
Probably one of the sales man.
The sales man at Yahoo from North Carolina.
Oh, my God.
Part of that Carolina mafia that they brought down.
Oh, he got an award for being a real...
Yeah.
I was just doing something.
I'm not sure what that motion was.
What was he doing?
Were you moving up to sales manager?
Yeah, I think so.
Might've been something.
I don't know.
What kind of a gesture was this?
How many fingers did it involve?
No fingers.
I think it's just...
How many tricks did it involve?
It's 4.25.
That's the way I am.
I think.
Fourth leader.
Neil Rogers.
God.
Good morning, Mickey Mouse.
Is all this goofy speaking?
Good morning, goofy.
How are you?
It's Robert Eiger, president and CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
Oh, it's not a good day.
What's wrong, goofy?
Mickey's convoistling.
He had surgery.
Oh, jeez, I didn't hear anything about it.
What happened?
Well, I'll let him tell you.
Please, hold.
Okay.
What?
How you doing, boss?
I'm not feeling well.
Yeah, goofy told me I had surgery.
What's wrong?
They had to put a new anus in me.
I want to.
Yeah, and I'm a cartoon character.
I don't even poop.
Sir, I don't even know what to say to that.
Help me about it.
Why was you put a new anus in somebody who doesn't poop?
Oh, yeah, that's...
Anyway, what is wrong?
Well, I'm just returning your calls.
Oh, I didn't call you.
Yes, sir.
I got a message for them.
I didn't call you.
It's bones.
What do you want?
I thought you'd want to talk about this.
Why do I remember?
I called you.
Why didn't you call me back?
I'm calling you back now, sir.
Yeah, I know, but you should have called me back before.
I want to talk about dancing with the stars.
Oh, what a fantastic season.
Big numbers for the program.
It is a new anus because it proves it's just parable.
So what do you mean?
It's fantastic.
I'm crying.
I'm crying.
Why can't we get a star?
Sir, we've got a wide array of stars on the program.
Only Macon.
Yeah.
Finally, Macon.
She's an Oscar winner.
She's beef.
She's what, sir?
Beef.
Is she the beef?
I said she's beef.
Are you?
Sir, I don't follow.
I'm putting the emphasis on the e-beef.
For coming at purpose.
Oh.
Don't be a favor.
Now that's the man for Harris, when she's interviewing Macon,
this no need to put the microphone in front of her face.
Get away.
She's beef.
She's beef.
That's exactly right.
Okay, sir.
You're manning up to the window.
You're off this open.
No, sir.
I believe they're sealed.
Then you don't want your battle to.
Yeah.
I'm gonna share.
Snaps the window.
Right.
Then follow it out and try to catch it before it hits the globe.
Sir, wouldn't I perish when I hit the ground?
Uh-huh.
We got Steve Boothenberg on the show with the stupid faces.
And you're telling me, pen jewellery for star?
Sir, he's quite a popular magician.
We should've went with the other ones.
But he doesn't speak.
Hey, why not skip a year or two and maybe get somebody?
I'm not a champion, but recognize.
But sir, they're all stars.
The Mexican.
The Mexican, sir.
I don't believe there's a Mexican.
There's a Mexican out there.
Oh, you mean Christian De La Fuente?
He's a huge Latin TV star.
And sir, he's not actually Mexican.
He's a chaline.
Well, he's a chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Chaline.
Who cares?
Hey, you got Chrissy Amagoot.
She's phone number handy.
I love me a gym this morning.
Oh, actually, she was a figure skater, sir.
Whatever, she's vendable.
Yeah, she's very dependable.
I mean, she really compacts her.
No, the PENDEVO Vendible.
Oh, the BOO!
Do you like him?
She's dependable.
She's big and dependable.
I'm still waiting for show.
Berks phone number.
I hear she gets it out.
Like candy.
Oh, get me some of that.
Cheryl Berks?
Yeah, the dancer, girl.
She's the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
I'm the lightest.
California.
California.
California.
California.
California.
Northern 2010.
In this case?
ggiatros missed her third round of semifinals 
They were injured for the first time.
She was injured for the first time.
When her act was taking place.
She was injured for the first time.
She was injured for the first time.
On Tuesday, Howard Olson, when a Clinton-seed gutter politics political operatives, revealed
the campaign plans to do everything it can to destroy Frontrunner Barack Obama and the
eyes of super delegates to the DNC.
They planned to use the words of Jeremiah Wright, Obama's far-reformer minister, to discredit
the Illinois Senator and try to convince the super delegates to overturn the rule of those
who voted in the party's primaries.
Swoolery admits he'll push for credentials, fight and try to seek the delegates from
Florida and Michigan, even though she signed a pledge along with the other candidates
to follow the decision of the DNC to not recognize voting results from either state because
they pushed their primary dates up against the will of the party.
Pledges mean nothing to Swoolery, the either of his honesty.
Her bold-faced lie about being under fire in Bosnia shows that she has little regard
for the truth or honesty, and her ludicrous attempt to explain she missed spoke not once
but three times, or that she was sleep deprived, so just how pathetic her claims to greatness
have become.
Also, our Ronik is her campaign's, cloning of the Tonya Harding strategy to describe their
plans to knee-cap Barack Obama and destroy his credibility before the convention.
Harding, a third-tier Olympic skating hopeful, hatched a plan to win drivel Nancy Carrigan
by busting her knee with a baseball bat so she couldn't compete on ice.
Harding wasn't probably still as they called calculating scheming blonde bitch.
Is that really the comparison the Clinton campaign wants?
For the past seven years I've taken George W. Bush to task for being a liar, a cheat
and a fraud, and Barack Obama had pulled the same stunts I'd be calling him the same.
I have reservations about Obama's qualifications and is ties to shady political deal mailers
and angry words of Reverend Wright.
He's also played fast and loose with his resume, but Clinton's crimes go far beyond the
normal hyperbole of politics, where methods demand anunciation in her schemes cry out
for exposure and ridicule.
She's a liar and a fraud, and we've already had too many of those in the White House.
Dougy Tee's whipped up, baby.
Now his whipped up has clearances because your boy Joe is picking on the beast too much,
but pretty whipped up.
I mean nobody could be that whipped up.
Probably close.
So was there like a tongue-lashing going on there about quick talking about the beast being fat
and you're picking on my good friend?
No, no.
No, it wasn't like that.
Well what was it like?
He just, he wanted it.
No, it's once an old man.
He wants it on the inside.
He wants it.
He wants to make sure that we're doing it for the right reasons and not the wrong reasons.
And what would the right reason be?
Because you don't want me to die?
Yeah, because we don't want a guy a friend of mine.
You don't want a guy to fry and die?
Yeah, we don't want that.
We don't want anything bad that happened to the beast.
I think there's a liability thing involved here.
That's what it sounds like to me.
It's possible.
You get sued for a fat.
sued for pushing fat.
Can you sue someone for that?
I don't know, but we know we used to give it a shot.
I missed out for the last 15 years.
Sure you tell Joe, keep doing it and then I'll sue.
All right.
And I'll collect and maybe I'll spittle with you, but I doubt it.
I'm getting a whole new attitude on the last last few days.
I think my trip down there this weekend really gave me a whole new perspective on life.
Open your eyes.
I think so.
And I'm, boy, if anybody needed to fly an eye opener, it's me.
I've been like twisting in the wind here for months, just like, you know what I mean by that?
We, I don't know.
Regardless of your position on the issue, which of these is most likely to influence your vote for president?
You know what we also should put on here?
I'm not going to vote.
Okay.
Well, then you think that'll goop up your total?
We have 900 votes right now.
We get to a thousand really fast and we can dump this horseball pool and put something interesting on there.
Although I doubt that will happen anytime soon.
We're giving it a shot.
The best talent.
What is the people's facts?
What can we do to a candidate like them?
We're the best burglarers on Florida.
Who can we never back ten years?
Little old 40.
In America, we can't even remember what happened last year.
From the producer who brought you the box office remake plot, all the kingsmen.
James Cargo.
Teams up with Garol Rowe to rewrite history again with the Vietnam drama Amber Gris Hill.
The reeds.
Oh, what is it, the Quirky?
It's a crazy blonde in the crossfire.
The games?
Yeah, I didn't want.
Well, she's just like a giant bumblebee.
We got to take that hill.
What the hell she doing out there?
You know, in crazy things like this.
Let's get unified.
The sky will open.
The light will come down.
That's Hillary's candidate.
Celestial choirs will be singing.
Get a husband on a cell and put him on the bonehorn.
A facade.
What?
It's 1968.
We don't have cell phones yet.
What we do now?
Right side.
Everyone will know.
We should do the right thing.
And the world will be perfect.
Hillary, get your fat ass out there now.
Let these fellas lose their lives in another meeting with conflict.
I have illusions.
Get your fat ass out there.
Wave a magic wand and disappear.
There you go.
You fellas remember what I did for you in 40 years from now.
Look for my wild.
Okay, 11.45 at WQAM.
We got the Jerk Show coming up in two from the Sony Erison.
Wow.
Used to be the Lipton, right?
Used to be the Ice Tea people.
Remember Dandy Don Meredith used to do spots I think for Lipton Tea.
That's the before you were born.
Remember Dandy Don?
No, I've heard about Monday night football.
Oh boy, he was really good.
Not.
Turn off the light.
The party's over.
Oh boy, he was real.
The only person who belonged on that telecast was Howard Coase Cell.
He actually said something.
He was good.
He was that bad, that awful herpes.
He more than most.
Much worse.
Go away.
You know, I keep threatening to read the pool result.
And I notice I never have for a long time.
That's because there's only two of you in a lot of votes.
The economy.
327.
The Iraq War 301.
Everything else, Mopatatus.
Now, what were you just saying you can't believe it was worse than most?
It really was.
I don't believe it.
In fact, I remember on a windy day, I'm trying to think if he was covering a football game or a horse race.
On a windy day, his hair piece just about flew off right during the telecasts on ABC.
Howard Coase Cell, he was great.
I mean, everybody hated him because he was obnoxious as a person.
But his media persona and his the balls he had to say things that nobody else would say.
He told it like it was.
He was the first one to claim that term the jococracy.
A ball these moron ex-jocs who take it over all to broadcasting.
Like the Panther games on the radio.
He got Red Deer Randy Mauer and Billy Lindsay a couple of players.
No more broadcasts, he's man.
No more broadcasts, including of course, they've been boring.
Who never was a ball player, but it's certainly not a broadcast.
God is he awful.
Now, who's working with him?
No more, what's his name?
What though was that squeaky?
Rossi Foxy.
No more him.
Nice one.
Well, who's working with Dave?
No idea what it is, Emma.
I don't know either.
Really?
No clue.
Come on.
Now that's bad.
Now TV, we know that Rich Waltz is still on there.
Oh my God, I see that somebody had him on this morning.
Two days ago, we had him on.
On your show?
Yeah, what about that?
Let me ask you one question about that.
Why?
Yeah.
We wanted to get a little Marlon flavor on the show.
He's horrible.
He's awful.
Rich Waltz.
Yeah.
And he's still there.
He's still there, yeah.
Have you ever watched the game?
Have you heard his attempted play by play on TV?
I have.
I mean, talk about horrendous.
Just indescribable.
And what, so what did you talk to him about?
We just talked about opening day in Marlon's baseball
in general.
And?
And it was a fine interview for eight and a half minutes.
And what did he say?
He's all excited about that new ballpark, and he's going to pick out the press box.
It was like Foster Hewitt when they built Maple Leaf Gardens, and he had to help them design the gundola
for where he was going to sit and squeak those games out.
Is he going to be like the Foster Hewitt or the Marlon's?
I feel so.
Who Foster Hewitt is, do you?
You got no idea.
Neither one of you.
Nope.
Have any idea who Foster Hewitt is or was?
He's dead.
Still dead.
My god, no wonder hockey is so lame in South Florida.
What kind of a hockey town do you call it?
This is a very dangerous team going into the playoffs.
That's the Panthers, baby.
And they ain't going into no playoffs.
He's no Gila Floor.
Yeah, Gila Floor in my ass.
FI Someone cranking a robot for this treatment, he's pepperer, he's been ru seeking, he's still
abused in Online With Gay flower 2020.
Look, isn't this what he's going for?
Plus Hewitt says he's a fever.
Trying to think of all those old people.
Yeah, come on Johnny Bauer.
Gordy Howe.
Right.
That was so much other word, Shar.
How about Bobby Orr?
Yeah, I heard he was pretty good.
He's no Phyllis Mazzito.
Wow, you must be looking at this stuff up.
Is he meeting off the computer?
He has a lot.
He's all stopper and stuff.
Yep.
I'm not going to do that, guys.
I'm trying to think of what might happen.
Hey, Jackamon.
Who?
He's the Chris Chelios.
Yeah, okay.
I'm Stevie Isomens.
Stevie, let me tell you, there's a guy.
Why?
I would like to have taken a shower with Stevie Y
when he was a little bit younger and still playing.
Great, great, great player.
How do you know that?
I used to watch the toy a little bit.
Get outta here.
I swear.
To the fight to cover, right over the panel,
kept being a long shot.
Paddle down, stay with me if I know it.
I'm going to start the opening.
You don't know who foster Huid is.
And what, you know something?
I'm so distraught.
Anyway, can we get back to the show and get off that leafs game?
Okay, they lost in the shootout to Buffalo.
They kept blowing the lead over and over.
That's the leafs for it.
They blow it.
They blow.
Like the Panthers.
So that's why I have 75 sports stations on here
in the South Florida market.
It's so, it's so in name.
It's so bizarre.
Bizarre is the cutest.
It is unacceptable.
It's just idiotic.
It's not a sports market.
Nobody cares.
I have scoured very diligently before the show today.
I tried to find the attendance of last night's Marlins game.
I couldn't find it anywhere.
11.
11 people?
Yep.
11,000?
Is that what it says?
No, I just think 11.
No, no, seriously.
Have you got a newspaper there or something?
Because I can't find it online.
How many people all look?
I'll try to find it.
Find a box score and see what it says to the attendance.
Even an image-related baseball thing, I couldn't.
I tried to click the link to the box score and the summary
wouldn't do anything.
I would say so.
No more than 13,000 of which probably is 7,000 more
Metz fans.
At least 7?
At least 12,000 of the 13,000 more Metz fans.
That's more like that.
Well, that's because the real Marlins fans are waiting for that new stadium.
And waiting for some players that somebody heard of before
since they traded away all the name players.
Well, they just keep cleaning houses, you know?
Because David Sanchez and Jeffrey Lury, they're just dying.
They're $10 million for promotion.
I heard that.
15, 117.
That means there was about 10,000 people there, maybe.
And it was 41.6% full.
Let me say it again.
That means there was about maybe 10,000 people.
There was 76 degrees in cloudy.
On a perfect night.
No rain.
No high humidity.
Believe me, I was just there this last weekend.
I know how beautiful it was.
It was just a hell over with your home plate, O'Parte.
Who?
Jeff Kellogg.
All you done to tell me?
Mark, what a wake-
What happened to the Great Ompires, man?
What happened to those really great Ompires?
Who was the Ompire that called the third strike in the bottom of the night?
What happened to the ninth inning?
Against Laugh Mitchell.
Laugh Mitchell.
Laugh Mitchell.
On a perfect game in the 1956 World Series.
Oh, yeah.
I would know that one because I wasn't alive there.
Yeah, I was just asking you, who was the Ompire?
I can't remember.
I thought about it.
Great fucking.
I was gonna ask you a question like that.
I heard those red buttons.
And that's who it was.
It was Red Barber.
Now, do you know who Red Barber was?
I know the name.
I couldn't tell you what it was.
You know it was quite.
You punk on you young punk's man.
You think that rich waltz is a broadcaster?
You need help.
I thought you were a fault.
You grew up in this era, man.
Of all these make-believe broadcasters.
You think that Jack Buck is a great broadcaster, no doubt.
What about Joe Buck?
I mean, that's what I meant, Joe Buck.
Jack Buck is still good.
Jack Buck was good.
He was good.
Well, he's dead.
He had a recipe voice.
You know, like, for real, he was like Scott Farah.
For other than the Atlanta trashers game, one season, were you aware of that?
Yeah, I have.
I actually had one of the Playboy plays of those.
It's another F&GOL.
It's an F&GOL.
I've had.
He's a crazy person, you know, which is why they love the money here.
The FCC didn't like the money here too much.
I needed an advancement when he then lost the license, but other than that.
See, that's what satellite radio has become.
And by the way, don't think that that merger is gonna go through.
Just because there was that preliminary thing.
Oh, it's been approved.
Oh, guess what?
A 20 generals in 11 states have already filed suit to block it.
The merger.
It's not gonna happen.
What's wrong with it?
What's wrong with what?
The merging.
You ever hear the word monopoly?
Oh, yeah.
You ever play monopoly?
You're not gonna get no boardwalk or part-place, so I'll tell you that.
You're not gonna get no hotel.
No.
You might get a house.
If I get a neighbor.
You know, people, this story is just, it's so perfect.
And of course, it comes in a time just like that story about the Washington Stadium
and about the schools closing in DC.
Fewer than half of Dave's public school students graduate from high school on time, according to a National Report released yesterday.
Let me say it again, fewer than a half of Dave County's public school students graduate from high school on time.
Like that.
The local figures are in step with what experts say are a business-level graduation rates in a country's 50 largest cities.
Of the grouping, Miami ranked near the bottom, with the nation's 16th lowest graduation rate.
The report released by the nonprofit.
America's promise alliance, originally chaired by former U.S. Secretary of State and sell out coal and coal, and now chaired by his wife, Alma,
found that little over half students in the country's urban public high schools graduate in four years.
The figures underscore the complexities of calculating graduation and drop-off rates, a process that varies from state to state and district to district,
on Tuesday the Bush administration also would require states to report these statistics in a uniform way.
That's it. Make all the kids wear uniforms like little good-goose stepping Nazis.
In the coming weeks, I'll take administrative steps to ensure that all states use the same permanent calculate how many students graduate from high school on time,
and how many drop-off U.S. Secretary of Education markets fell and said at a drop-off prevention summit to the Washington DC.
Detroit and Indianapolis had lowered, I'm going to go back to school and graduate.
Again, from high school. I think I better go back to college, Michigan State, MSU.
See in high school you don't live with the kids, you know, you just go to school with them.
But at college you're in the dorm, you know, you hit real close proximity.
Oh yeah. Like, not sharing bunk beds, you know.
Did you have a bunk bed? Yeah.
For you on the top bunk or the bottom bunk? I was on the bottom.
bunk. Detroit and Indianapolis had the lowest graduation rates with 25 and 31% of students respectively graduating on time.
In many instances, the report showed a graduation rate gap between the urban districts in the surrounding mental areas as Florida has county-wide schools that the study couldn't compare urban versus suburban graduation rates for Miami.
Still experts caution that graduation rates are tricky figures to assess.
States calculate the graduation rates using a variety of methods. In other words, they lie a lot, you know.
No child left behind my ass. And believe me, the Zach would say that's a big target.
Oh yeah. In your case, my God. You could have the whole county behind your ass and nobody would see anybody.
I could shout out to the whole county.
It's a woodbine Wednesday, by the way.
City cards pay your taxes with a fast personal loan. I don't want no fast or even a slow person loan. How do you like that?
I don't want one. I don't want it. Don't you hate to. I guess it doesn't qualify a span because you do business with those people.
So is that the way it works? It's just like those harassing phone calls or solicitation calls. Well, if you do business with them,
then they never tell the county 80 times a day and the hockey were trying to contrap it.
It's like when you call them to check your balance or something unlike any of the credit cards or anything.
Oh, and while we're verifying the information, we'd like to sell you a bunch of crap that we know you don't want and you can't afford and nobody in their right mind would take.
Stop it already. Stop peddling. That's what I say. Go back to India and stop peddling me a bunch of chazarai. That's what Zach would say.
Chazarai. Love chazarai.
Chazarai. Don't say it like a goi. Say it like a real Jew. OK. Chazarai.
Well, how what? Chazarai. Chazarai. Say chazarai.
Huh? Emphasize you to climb. Let's go.
You just have to add a deli at that. Myron's deli at Pomfano at the casino.
Boy, that place is good.
Unlike that place where I had that bad omelet.
Speaking of food, meals, half price deals are the talk of the town.
Every week we have another great one for Happy Neal Rogers listeners.
Starting in Lanyana at noon, you can buy $50 certificates for $25 to lose sales American cafe in Western.
New Seals is a 40-style upscale diamond that captures the lunch and a feel of that era.
It's all about homemade food, huge portions, and family-friendly prices.
Many new items include a 12-ounce Cinecut New York strip, a pulled pork platter.
A barbecue baby-back rib platter, a marinated or Texas-style chicken breast plus.
They've got phenomenal desserts like homemade bread pudding and this one just sends me into orbit.
They're famous, big split, and I'm just thinking off to share them a good enough to eat all by yourself.
You know something that's another good reason I can't click, come back down there and do the shows there, you know?
Why? Because I'd be dead pretty soon eating all that great food.
I'm staying alive only because I'm not.
Don't you understand it?
I guess. Maybe they'll bring you guys in bananas but tomorrow.
And you guys can share it. You know, each have your own spoon.
Oh!
Losseals and men...
I can see it now.
I can't see.
Losseals American Cafe, 20 to 50 Western Road call 954-384-9007.
Chris and Zach are going to be sucking a big milkshake out of the same container with a little straw.
And now thanks to me, you'll buy $50 significance at half price.
By the way, we sold two more certificates for Joe and his deal.
Oh right!
After I went on the ear and screamed about that, we sold two more. It's down to 64.
Anyway, $50 significance for just 25 bucks tomorrow at noon on wqm.com.
But don't forget to act fast. Be poised and ready because once they're gone, they're just gone.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent you've ever seen in your life is 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Coach Don Juler. And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12th of the one hour or whatever it is.
It's the brainstem. All right, choose my spoon.
Oh
Oh
Miami has been often still the worst football team. There's the way they played this season.
Made everybody scream. Absolutely.
It seems to me that losing has always been their goal.
And every game they play and should be called the stuor goal.
And there's Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number. How many games in the league that it's you?
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
If you're their fandil singer blues.
The Dolphin's had Sam Tamplin and one thing that I learned.
He had the fandil wishing that next season would return.
If you think he's a winner then you have lost your mind.
The next thing he'll be coaching is beyond employment.
Why not there? Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number. How many games in the league?
I need two.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
There's something you scrape off your shoes.
The Dolphins have gone back a rookie quarterback.
If you think he's the answer you must be smoking cracker.
You know they could have gotten to someone good like Brady Quinn.
The way they waste their draft picks it's nothing for the similar.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number.
How many games in the league?
But third man.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
They're talent scouts don't have a clue.
The Dolphin games are boring when they're on the radio.
And everyone was put to sleep by Jimmy Sepulov.
When he is calling play by play it's the same old tune.
And just so mandage had a job on Sunday afternoon.
Oh, Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's number.
How many games in the league?
I need two.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
I hear the fancy kids the snooze.
I sing up on the Dolphins.
He's hired Bill Parsel and I don't have to tell you.
The way the tune of smell they say he'll solve the problems.
I wish him lots of luck.
No matter what he tries to do the funeral always sucked in there.
The Miami Dolphin.
You fairy.
Miami Dolphin.
Oh, Miami Dolphin's number.
Oh, what the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin.
Miami Dolphin's now their through.
The memo five is five sixty WQAM one and fifteen.
The worst I've ever seen except for the books.
Remember back in those days no you don't.
No, in the fledgling days of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
I don't think I'll have fourteen that's him.
Yeah, that's right.
Didn't play sixteen games in those days.
That's right.
So nobody, you know what the team lost fifteen?
No.
Did they?
I don't think so.
I'll check it.
I don't believe so.
Just like no other team did.
Yeah, no.
The Cowboys were one and fifteen.
Oh, that's right.
Like I said, only one other team has done them.
Well, what do you mean?
It's a bunch of crap anyway.
Water down crap.
That's what it's all about.
Too many damn teams.
Give me the old days, baby.
Give me the days when it was the Browns and the Giants.
The Lions and the Packers.
Oh, baby.
Give me those days.
Jim Brown and Bobby Mitchell.
The only thing that Browns like back then was a quarterback.
You know what the quarterback was in the days when Jim Brown was the great running back?
No idea.
No idea.
Milk plum.
He was no Cleo Lennon.
Just another fruit like Jeff Garcia.
Milk plum.
Never heard of Nidia.
No, not at all.
And for good reason.
He sucked.
But they had great teams, man.
Never let it.
Don't be living in the past.
Now, let's get with it right now.
He was no archimating.
Thank God for that.
Oh, I'm so sick of tearing that whole family.
And that Eli Manning.
You know, that made the loss in the Super Bowl more agnominious for the Patriots.
I mean, did not even show up that day.
That's the way I view it.
They didn't show up.
And yet, it still looked like they were going to pull their usual pull out of their ass there at the end of the game
when Brady roamed down the field.
And finally, finally, they go ahead and it looks like a typical vintage style of Patriots pulled out of your ass game.
Didn't it?
Is that what you were thinking?
Yes.
At the end of the game, the long pass.
I thought the Randy Moss would catch you to be over.
And then you figured, well, the defense certainly can put up one defensive stand here at the end of the game
just like the AFC championship game against the Ecclossia before.
They were in the Super Bowl guaranteed.
All they had in it would have wanted.
They'd have beaten the Bears.
I mean, you know, they weren't getting out of bed.
The Bears suck.
And you know, who really sucks?
Who's that?
That Schmuck Rex Grossman.
No, come on.
That's the Gator.
That's the last thing to have a super delegate little prime.
How he deemed that, really?
He says he says a long nasty fight for the nomination will be disaster in November.
So in other words, I think the message are all said to you.
Swarry dropout bitch.
Didn't that message are said to you?
Cut the crap, bitch.
It's up.
Oh, the professor wants to know is that Zach where is George?
George got fired, professor.
Let's do an April Fool's Day.
That's what we should have done yesterday, you know?
Said Zach's here because George got canned.
George is on vacation this week.
My inquisitive friend, where is George?
He evidently is concerned.
Well, you should pretend that you're George.
How's that?
Okay.
He doesn't sound like George.
I can't get enough of that.
I noticed on that spot with Roseanne.
George, I mean, I love George.
George, you know, is always there, you know, I mean?
Yes.
He lacks...
What was the word I'm looking at?
Oh, that's it.
There's no one.
That's a very good word.
But I can't believe he gave it up for that.
Well, he was on a page.
What?
He was talking to Roseanne.
That's not the point.
There's just a certain dullness there, you know what I mean?
In other words, he sounds the way he looks dull.
Not knocking George, though, because I know Monday when he comes back to me.
Oh, the old man was knocking you when you were in arms and not.
He might be listening now that he was here today when we're asking about the origins of...
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
That was on Monday.
You weren't there, Zach.
We're asking about the origins.
And George called in.
He said he had a radio accident that ordinarily he doesn't listen,
which I'm sure he doesn't out of his smart when he's on vacation, but he was taking a CD's out or something like that.
And there I was, you know, and asking that musical question.
Yeah, here's what I still don't understand the answer about the origins of...
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Yeah.
Okay, I guess on either the very first...
And you're just going to repeat the same thing that he said.
Well, that's...
I don't understand how you don't understand that.
The very first bokeh bit about him, he did what?
He did what?
He said...
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
And that's why the Dolphin's going to win the championship.
So instead of just saying blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Oh, my God, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Maybe chicken echo, tell you which bit that is, because that Ben's probably...
Oh, my God.
...on the channel.
...I don't know why you can't play.
What?
I will ask him in the magic window.
Yeah, go in the window and ask.
And he'll be very ecstatic that I got to disk by the way.
I'm sure it's the one we can't play.
There's so many...
And the best ones, of course, the best of anything we can't play, but that's the way it is.
That's just Joyce.
That's America, as we know it today.
That's James.
We can play this.
Yeah, I know it's for that is.
That's my payroll.
We know it's for that is.
We can play that, but we play it too much, and I don't want to overdo it.
Yeah, you can ever, ever do that.
And of course, you had a lie, because Clarence came in there and muzzleed you,
and you had a pretend that you didn't get came off the show, you left.
Oh, I want to do some other work.
I want to go back to the strip club.
I got up too many.
You're such a...
But that's why you're still there though, I guess.
Yeah, probably, because you came in all the right times, you know?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's Zach, Professor Zach is here this today and tomorrow.
And then on Friday, Josh Corteson will be back and then we'll hear from Brandon again.
We just hate him.
I don't even know the origins of that either.
Hate him.
I mean, just despises him.
Bleh!
Like that.
Which Cortes can't be annoying, especially when he doesn't put up the stories
when he starts picking me for money, but I'll do that.
I don't see any reason to hate him, do you?
No.
Regardless of your position on the issues, which of these is most likely to influence your vote for president?
We've got 934 votes.
I think we're going to get to our thousand by one.
And then we can change the poll.
How do you like that, Mr. Hachot?
Maybe.
Do you have what we call it?
And that's why I think that Jettful will have a champion cheap season.
What is it?
And that's why I think, oh, never mind, Eric was called.
What's it called?
Yeah, Eric was talking to me and he's like, and then also he goes, or whatever it was called.
So I don't know.
Boka hasn't answered the question yet.
Chicken X has answered the question.
He's probably outspendin' all that money I just sent him.
He's got some nerve not answering the question, what bit that was.
I know exactly, you know, I can recite it, but I don't know what it's called.
Now we can go through the whole library of Moa.
They're not, not, let's see.
Cracking together, that was for real.
So, tof and banquet, what the hell's that?
I'd like to welcome you all to tonight's Miami-Duff and banquet.
We'll be starting the evening off with a few words from Moa Howard Day.
Eric, I'll get out of my way.
This thing on here.
A good evening in Paradise, gentlemen and joins.
And yeah, yeah.
I'm honored to be on the day of tonight.
I almost didn't make it.
Goes to Taylor, ran out of bread for my leisure as soon.
I like that.
He's like, you're from LA.
And his Jorrine, I remember Jorrine the Queen?
Oh yeah.
And so we got you at another installment that is spectacularly Moa Howard and David had shown.
We got Jay Fiedler coming up as a very spatial guest in it.
And after that, we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow.
That would be Jay Fiedler.
Oh yeah.
What are you doing, Moa?
What are you doing?
Moa!
I'm clipping my nose here.
What's it to you?
No, I guess it's not that one.
And then there's one for real.
It's not the one about crappy together.
Oh yeah.
All right now, welcome back to the Moa Howard and David to show on your Moa Mucosa station.
Wow!
We got a spatial guest Jorrine in his today.
Oh no!
Not after Fiedler again.
That's Jay Fiedler, you know him, Skope?
Wow!
And then he made it.
Caste?
Yeah, I'm even tired of dropping his date.
So how was the ratings party?
Yeah, I don't want to talk about it.
Why?
Well, you see, I thought it was an all nude ratings party.
Lawrence told me everybody there was going to be in the nude.
So I chose up naked and everybody ran out of that.
Yeah, because she chose up naked.
He told Lu-Wan the same thing.
Oh yeah, well.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, come on, spatial guest.
For real, right?
Well, what do you know?
What do you say?
This is about to be one of the premier radio shows on the air today.
Oh yeah.
What's his name?
The best talent he has in our projects is 4.256QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's time to get it on.
What's the graphic plate on the whole?
That's power.
What a garbage.
The kids don't know it's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
Do you remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
No.
Why am I surrounded by morons?
Come on, howie.
Don't you?
Go me, howie.
There are nothing to put in each and go to your pal.
No.
No.
You're so special.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You can't stoop in the pool.
Listen to me.
You're fired.
Okay, that goes for you too.
You who I am, I'm the king of paradise.
Ha ha ha ha ha!
I came down here after losing my child.
To be a big fish in a little pond.
When they kicked me off the astigian, they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with wise guys and with wise guys.
I moved to paradise.
Oh, you're dead.
Boy, that's very clearly all the way down.
I got you, but you're all fired.
I hope that chisels was nice.
I hope he dies.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you.
I'm a big fish in a little pond.
Did anybody else hear me?
I'm a big fish in a little pond.
I'm a big fish in a little pond.
Yeah!
Okay, 1220.
That's not the one though, but it's good.
Do you have a moe in Oz?
Moe in Oz?
Is that the one?
Well, Eric is saying it might be.
He's not sure.
And Bokeh still hasn't respotted yet, so.
Wow.
He might be taking a serious joycer or something.
Or maybe he can have enough money now to go on by lunch.
Oh, maybe that's him.
Moe in Oz?
Eric is saying it's track 30 and on Moe bits volume 1, but I'm sure you should have it.
Otherwise, I do have it.
I may have the disc.
Well, I'll find it eventually.
I guess I think even better.
What's that?
I just printed it out from the Internet.
I don't think I ever saw this before.
It's an open letter to Howard David on the Internet.
Really?
From a guy called Michael without a last name.
Says before I get started, the purpose of this memo is to find you with constructive comments and your performance on WQAM.
This is not a personal attack, and it no way is intended to insult you.
I've thought about calling you on here with these observations, but I realize I'd be bumped off in seconds because my comments will not be you're liking.
The morning show.
Hosting a morning show is no easy task.
It's very different from calling a game.
Your manner is sometimes a bit overbearing.
When you call a game, you should be allowed an authoritative on reporting what you're seeing.
In the morning, no one likes turning on a radio on the first thing in the morning, hearing some guy yelling just to yell and usually yelling about nothing.
Tip number one.
Hosting a morning show requires a more conversational tone and attitude.
There have been many times when you stated your opinion as fact.
Your expert opinion is still just an opinion.
Learn to come across more like a person debating sports, not like you're the ultimate authority.
I thought he was.
Is it he?
Sure.
At times you've had some excellent national and local guests.
Probably thanks to Zach.
He and his would treat them with respect and do your homework.
On more than one occasion you've asked a question and you told them the answer before they had the chance to respond.
Sometimes they disagree with you.
Other times you can hear the frustration and the voices even if they do agree with you.
Tip number two.
When you ask a question to an expert player or co-host, let them answer.
The interview with Chris Carter is an excellent textbook example of how not to interview someone.
Listen back to it.
When you ask him if he'll get in Jay's face, I thought he was going to hang up on you.
Tip number three.
Refer to Tip number one and two and do your homework.
Let your co-host shine.
One time you cut off Steve and mid-sentence.
And so let's talk about that later.
We'll take some calls now.
Then indicates that in your mind Steve, aka Gildy, is less important.
The truth is that we like him.
Steve is knowledgeable and he's a major part of the show.
The only reason most of us still tune is because he's there helping you.
Tip number four.
When working with others on the air, especially if they already are known and liked by the audience, be respectful.
Just because your name is on the show doesn't give you the right to think you're the only star.
What sign felt a business hit without George or Lane and Kramer?
Recently you've improved in this area.
Keep it up.
Dolphin games.
You're not very funny.
At times you try to insert jokes both in the morning showing in the games or comments that just don't work.
Tip number five.
Be a straight man.
Leave the who or who or who are the color commentator.
The guys that are there to make him.
Tip number six.
Think like a dolphin fan.
When the game against the Jackson and you were wrapping up from the locker room with Mad Dog,
your last question to him was, where does coast Edwards go from here?
The Mad Dog responded he didn't care.
I'm just enjoying this win.
Today belongs to the dolphins or something like that.
Why would we care about the jets of the coaching staff or where they go from here?
Again, these comments were not intended to be harmful.
Also, they are just my may fans feel the same.
Just walk around the tailgate parties and listen to what people are saying.
I just wanted to share a few my observations with you, but most people are not as kind as me.
Overall, you come across the radio as a smug, full of yourself guy.
I bet that you were none of these things.
Help see that we're wrong about you.
Ha ha ha.
All right.
No, he's not smugging full of himself.
I don't know.
He's full of f***ing mad.
Yep.
Wow.
Lola says, here's some responses to that.
I should have printed out all the responses.
Oh, there's some good ones.
He says, have a mean to tune in the morning show for some time, but I'm stuck on Zeta.
This guy sounds like a real piece of Schmidt.
Hey, I hate it when the morning host has terrible interview skills.
It's so annoying.
Says Lola.
And what does that say there?
Thanks, Lola.
I figured that since you were the new M.O.D., I'd give you my best effort.
GM66 out.
What is that all about?
There's a really good response about 9s.
9 responses down.
Yeah.
Number 11.
He pretty much sums everything up.
Number 11.
I think it's number 11.
It's like Mikey Ducky or what happened?
Mikey D and Y.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
It's pretty good, I don't know what I think.
Let me print it out.
Yeah, I saw the D word on there.
Okay.
And the D word wasn't boy.
That was not.
It was a different D.
It was another word on there too.
I don't think you could say that.
Oh, well, you know me.
I can clean them up with the best of them.
There it is.
You hear the thing grinding in the back there.
You hear my machine.
It's a good machine, man.
Well, I feel like this show has been on for a hundred hours today.
Have you ever had a day like that?
Oh, yeah.
Never on this show though.
I'd love to.
I just said it.
I'm not moving back down there.
At least not right now.
Why not?
Let's see.
Oh, it didn't print out.
Now I gotta go back to it again.
I see something.
Why don't you read it?
He's a plan simple.
I listen to five sixty all the time.
He's a D plan in sublai.
I listen to five sixty all the time.
Although, the manage is straight up golf.
And I think he has a great sports gaster.
Oh, I think he's a meaning Howard.
David is.
Oh, David is just a blank sucker who said over in the year that he bleeds
golf and coders sure you do Uncle Tom D.
I think he was saying I think Mandage is a great sports gaster.
Right.
He wasn't saying.
No, no, no, no.
Now, did you read the response above this one?
No.
The best local guy I think is Jeff the Forest.
Oh, my God.
Woo!
He has a great sense of humor.
It comes up with great analogies.
Too bad he's not on a station that's weak.
That has a weak signal 1400.
You'll pick it up then a mile later you lose it.
Yeah.
And look at that picture there.
Yep.
And it says absolute TV.
And then underneath it says white theater.
I don't know what that's all about.
Uh oh.
That mall which is somebody who is pistol with the lining all.
What mall is here?
What mall is it?
You would hear?
Yes, ma'am.
Okay, what's the situation right now in the mall?
What's the situation right there?
Yes, ma'am.
We're still on lockdown.
We actually, if they have asked all the stores to lock the gate for right now, they said
there was a robbery.
So all the stores are locked down right now.
Um, they told you that it was a robbery.
Did you see or hear anything and you gunshots fired inside the mall?
No, ma'am.
We just basically security came by and just told us to lock the gate.
The Gothen mall is on lockdown.
But maybe we could say that it's a pistol with it.
You have a mention you're a manager at one of the stores there, Anteila.
So you and your, uh...
And here I always thought, P. Wip meant something else.
What's this name?
It's a Moana.
It's a Moana.
What is it?
A Moana from Moana.
The sports leader.
Howard David's a bitch.
The nation's economy is in trouble.
Yes, prices are already starting to hurt the economy.
Summer is coming fast.
I take a trip but can't afford the gas.
Save a buck.
Till we say shun and...
You want to figure out a way to slow this economy down?
I know.
Why I bother and cost my ass.
Heaven knows I've got no cash.
Save a buck.
Till we say shun and...
Are we headed for a recession?
Are we already in one?
Come those bells again.
Now they tell my car.
They just cause my pay again.
Can't even shop one more.
Ridiculous.
As I explode with stress,
My credit card debts will not...
Long live the rest of us.
Save a buck.
Till we say shun and...
Well, I'm still a million bucks shiny.
Be the millionaire.
Save a buck.
Till we say shun and...
We don't even have money in our budget for coffee filters.
We're using your own money.
That's it.
It'll make you more Jewish.
You'll strain your coffee through a Yamaha.
Strain it through a Yamaha and a coffee too.
It's $133.27.01.06.00 at 5.60 WDQM.
So that was a marginally interesting crap there on that thing.
And on Wikipedia, it just keeps referring to me referring to somebody...
Like that.
Says that over over again.
They'd say, I'm not saying Miami-Dade, I refuse to do that.
I will not say it's stupidity.
It's tragic.
Tragic.
Nobody says Miami-Dade.
Nobody.
In fact, I understand that it's legal now.
If somebody says that you've been pulled out of crap away.
Oh, really?
And getting the word for it.
After ever, then.
They'd policed you off, and for instance, to the dolphin mall.
This morning, as they searched for two armed, home-in-vasion suspects,
believed to be hiding out inside.
The two took refuge in the mall after breaking into a home in Northwest Tent Street.
And 129th Ave, they'd policed me saying,
here's what happened according to police radio and the specches and the herald.
Four armed men broke into a home-in-orthwest tent street.
And 129th Ave.
No after the home invasion.
They took off in a white minivan.
The occupant of the home took off after them in a green car.
The van stopped at the dolphin mall.
Thropping off two of the men.
One ran into the marshals and the other into an old Navy store.
At least one of the subjects of the mall was captured.
There was a report of one subject making it to the roof of the David Busters.
Somebody of the mall was pissed a whip on the home-in-vaders as they fled through the mall.
David Fire Rescue was called.
Meanwhile, the van continued on its journey, still followed by the green car.
How do you like that?
Heavy.
Somewhere in South Florida there's a green car and a white van.
How come we don't see the pictures of it?
Are you watching your local TV there?
Local Yokel?
Like Channel Hyperventilating Channel 7?
As we speak, the shells are changing looking forward.
And nothing.
CBS Nothing.
Channel 7 Nothing.
Well, if Channel 7 is good, nothing.
You can bet your bottom dollar channel 6 and Channel 10.
Ain't going to have a squad.
10's got nothing, although it's got news on there going to the weather right now.
Well, who cares about that?
And?
I'm looking for sex right now.
Look how close that's getting now.
The super delegate count 255 for Swirlery 222 for Barack Obama.
He lead even in the super delegate now he's vanishing just like her lead in the polls in Pennsylvania.
Well, you've got some service there, Swirlery.
Now, as for me, I'm going to get in that Pontiac Disafting room right at 2 o'clock and make it a wood-bind Wednesday.
Isn't that great?
Lucky you.
Well, that's because I had a great dinner last night.
I had one of our favorite Italian restaurants.
We had a, as opposed to the horrible dinner we had the night before.
Oh, in another place.
Ah!
Would you eat at the Italian restaurant?
Last night I had ravioli stuffed with goat cheese and crab meat.
How's that?
Awesome.
Just awesome.
And of course, for appetizer, stracciatella.
Ho!
Which is like cattani egg drop soup.
You never had that?
No.
You like egg drop soup like in your cheese restaurant or not?
I usually get one ton.
I didn't ask you what you usually get at.
No, I've never, I don't like egg drop.
You are.
You're just impossible.
Don't like egg drop.
No.
What?
Don't like egg drop.
Me either.
Well, excuse me.
Well, that's what stracciatella is.
It's like Italian egg drop.
It's like ravioli's are like cattani creploc.
And the wiretons are Chinese creploc.
See how everybody imitated from the Jews?
Even the propors, they're little beanie.
Still look from the Jews.
Am I right?
Sure.
Although I'm cold for a shiltedium man, they go in where they're long before the Jews or anybody else.
Even before there was a god, I'm cold for a shiltedium.
There were the Christians, the Bordigan Christians, like my neighbor, like my far-bison neighbor.
348 people on a poll say it's the economy and the Iraq War 319, 350 now.
Out of 962 votes, we're going to go over a thousand very soon, quickly.
Oh, idle sent to the hospital.
David Cook.
It's where his pilot pressure actors performance.
That point.
That point.
Look at her.
You have the fact that people care about that.
And that dancing fact here, any more about Jason Taylor, did you hear the coach from the new,
from Tony's in Prano this morning?
Uh-huh.
Was on your show, Zach?
Yes, it was.
Talking about, oh, well, if Jason keeps the winning, he's talking about dancing with the stars.
And you wonder why the dolphins lost 15 games last season?
They're worried about how he performs on the dance floor.
I mean, let's get serious already.
The exact tunes in every night for that show.
Of course.
That's where it's at, baby.
Dancing with the stars.
Dancing with the stars.
And American Idol.
That's J.T. uh, Jersey honest.
That is cheerleader pom-poms going on.
Wait a year this through.
I not that you'll care because you've got nothing to do with sports.
When Attorney General MacCasey delivered his speech last week demanding that Congress grant
the President warrantless eavesdropping powers in telecom community, the question and answer
session after it included one extraordinary, but little noticed, little noticed claim.
MacCasey argued that officials shouldn't need a warrant when somebody with a phone
and a rack picks up a phone and calls somebody in the US because that's the call we may really want to know about.
And before 9-11, that's the call that we didn't know about.
We knew that there had been a call from someplace that was known to be a safe house in Afghanistan.
And we knew it came into the US.
We didn't know precisely where it went.
Blogger Glenn Greenwald picked up on MacCasey's statement suggesting
if what MacCasey said this week is true and that's a big if, is revelation about this Afghan call the administration
knew about, but didn't intercept really amounts to one of the most potent indictments yet about the Bush administration's
failure to detect the plot in action.
Contrary to his false claims, FISA, from multiple reasons, did not prevent eavesdropping on that call.
Keith Oberman, after the story of MSNBC's countdown,
what Oberman asked incredulously after quoting MacCasey, the government knew about some phone call from a safe house in Afghanistan in the US about 9-11,
before 9-11 and didn't do anything about it.
Either the Attorney General just admitted that the government for which he works is guilty of malfeasant complicity
in the 9-11 attacks Oberman said or he's lying.
I'm betting on lying concluded though, by Oberman.
If not, somebody in Congress better put them in under oath.
Real fast.
After 9-11 was revealed at the CIA and the FBI had intercepted a variety of messages including phrases such as,
there's a big thing coming, they're going to pay the price and we're ready to go.
None of these messages gave specific details and unreached intelligence analysts until after the destruction of the World Trade Center.
According to San Francisco Chronicle, MacCasey didn't specify the call to which he referred.
He also didn't explain why the government, if it knew of telephone calls from suspected foreign terrorists,
hadn't sought a wiretapping warrant from a court established by Congress to authorize terrorist surveillance,
or hadn't monitored all such calls without a warrant for 72 hours as allowed by law.
The Justice Department did not respond to a request for more information.
The Court of the World Trade Center for the World Trade Center is now lodged on 24.5.6.2 AM.
The Court's Leader.
Pemis, well congratulations, get a life.
Hello, I'm Hillary Clinton.
If you find yourself an award to an agent like Bosnia or East LA, you'll have to make sure you're protected.
That's why I always wear Acne Butterproof Pantsuits.
Made from the strongest Kimlar, Acne Butterproof Pantsuits deflect weapons fire and sends my ways, lips and thighs.
Now, if only Acne made a Pantsuit that could deflect criticism when I misremember,
he'll just put a good Pantsuit and make my butt look fast.
Oh my, other others are going to get you acting as railings, you've found a stittings that answer that question.
It's a 12.45 at 5.60 WDQM.
Now here's a great story. Somebody just, oh it's the iodine guy.
Bellevue, Ohio, you know the iodine guy, the chronic factor, Christos.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Fully in decency charges against the Bellevue manicuse of lube behavior on a deck behind the south of and dismissed the Toledo Blade says.
And that's almost enough to make me play that bit, you know, the biggest deck, but we can't play it.
Police said the neighboring Bellevue videotape art price having sex-termed as relations with his picnic table on four separate occasions.
W-E-W-S-T-V in Cleveland reports.
It was having sex with his picnic table.
Well, yeah, it's bad if you get any splinters, you know.
Out.
Yeah, I could really hurt it.
Price was charged with four counts of public and decency, usually in this to me news that charges were felonies in this case, because price levels in the view of an elementary school and the alleged accident have been seen by a minor.
According to the Toledo Blade, Huron County prosecutor Russell Lecler said the evidence didn't support felony charges other charges could be filed.
He was having relations with his picnic table.
That's interesting.
Yeah.
Oh, I thought you might like that story.
Why was that?
Well, just because of the interesting nature.
It's different.
It's unusual.
It's PQ-L-R.
How's Chris doing on his polar?
We got 973, maybe.
You're going to go over a thousand any minute now.
Wow.
94.
I can smell it.
974.
And let me go to QM.com.
I know we sold at least three.
You think we ought to give a big push out for Joe or not?
Yeah, well, why not?
Because you said the food was great.
Well, it was our thing for, um,
Lucille's in till tomorrow.
Now let's see how many we got left.
63.
So that we started with 66, well into our show.
So by mentioning it, we sold three of those certificates for Joe for little long.
Oh, right.
Telling you, if you guys would start at eight,
like we start ours on Thursday at noon.
So it gives us two hours to pedal a stuff
and to push it and wave about the great food, etc.
I believe by next Wednesday we will have switched the time.
Why? Because I said so.
Because I'm taking your advice.
And I'm going to use it.
Of course.
I mean, of course, enough to sell 100 certificates for Christ's.
And that makes him look bad.
Like, oh, gee, that Joe Rose, you don't have any audience.
Oh, he's got as a bunch of live spots, you know.
Anyway, the milk and honey can't pay at 1755.
Going to the university in Hollywood.
It's a good location.
And you guys said the food was sensational.
What did they bring?
They brought in a couple like chicken.
Almost look like paninis, chicken sandwiches.
Mm.
Some apps, some like pecan,
like French toast.
Oh, God.
Yes.
Oh, I love that, man.
And like a brownie, like a homemade brownie.
Like all kinds of like different stuff.
It was really brownie.
Like some mozzarella salad.
Like, did you say mozzarella?
Maybe mozzarella cheese salad.
Who is it?
Mozzarella.
Mozzarella.
Well, I guess the cow rose moose, so it must be mozzarella.
Yeah, why not?
And it was also look like lamb chops and Joe just ate them all.
Wow.
What a pig.
I know, I'm not smell great.
I'm actually those breast of his are like getting really saggy at his advanced age now.
He does have man boobs.
There's no.
Oh my God.
I remember a year ago when I first came to QAn who was belly aching about that about his man boobs.
Nothing has changed.
Well, we got 63 left on there out of 100.
That's not very, you know, very, it should be a lot less than that.
I think we might be selling that before.
We might show up before, sell up before.
No, we're going to shell out and we're not going to sell out.
Even the moose.
Do you want to buy one?
No.
But the exact same the food was in.
Now you didn't go off your diet did you for this because you know it's one of those deals.
None of them.
They have to satisfy everybody.
Lots of like fruit.
They had straw berries and they had like banana.
I had the fruit portion of it.
Yes.
A little bit like a can't face.
So what did WKM right now?
There's 63 left.
There's $50 to get in the reverse for this 25 bucks.
I'll courtesy a Joe Rose.
We don't seem to be making any inroads here.
Why not?
You know what we do this thing?
And of course it's on this show.
I don't get it.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Well, now it's on this show now and I'm plugging it and trying to be helpful and lend a helping
hand.
And nothing is happening on it.
Because usually we've seen going in chunks.
Maybe these people think I'm joking, you know?
You're not joking.
I'm getting off of that thing.
I'm going to go back to the pool.
Okay.
We'll check with it later and see if we had any impact.
I know we already sold three.
We're working hard for you Joe.
Not.
We're doing the best we can.
That's all I can do.
Now, if Jirks was doing this, why cheerlearn him a helping hand.
Wow.
I thought we were all the same team.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Let's get with the team program here, shall we?
As soon as the Jirks is out.
As soon as they put DA on two to four.
Maybe you lost his name.
Maybe Jirks came to like early in the morning.
What?
Take the big ocean.
Take a nice nap after the heat game.
After the next heat loss.
And then it give him plenty of time to do his homework and get those stats ready.
For the early morning show.
You know, like from three to five a.m.
Before the big go.
I'm sure big.
I'll see you.
You should do that five to seven in the morning.
Oh, yeah.
Marine down has a column in the here at the time.
Did I say the herald?
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Well, she is syndicated.
Maybe it'll show up in the hero.
Who hell knows.
It's the Hillary waltz, she calls it.
Democrats getting jittery about the early ending effects of the endless soap opera they call their campaign should buck up.
That's with the bee.
These hand ringers is Hillary's strategist Harold Icki's calls them are not saying the larger picture.
Hillary is cool.
He misunderstood and she deserves more credit for her benevolence.
Not only does she have a lot in common with Rocky, if she said Tuesday in Philadelphia.
But she's had a lot in common with another famous character.
The Marscallon in Strauss's bittersweet comic opera.
Their rovin' scavelier.
See, she, Hillary, I'm a Hillary, what's her name?
Marine down.
Hillary Clinton.
Marine always uses words that nobody knows and I sure sell don't.
Their rovin' scavelier?
Huh?
The Marscallon is a Princess Mary Dovee in Eastfield.
Marshall's got a liaison.
Dangerously liaison with the younger man, Count Octavian.
Though she's worried about her fleeting youth and the fickleness of men.
She instructs the young man on the ways of love and then gracefully sets him free, allowing him to find happiness with the young Sophie as a soaring waltz plays.
Whether or not she wins, Hillary's already given noble services a sophisticated political tutor for Obama, providing her younger colleague with much needed seasoning.
Who else was going to toughen him up?
Howard Dean, John Edwards, Dennis Krocinich?
Obama hadn't been hit hard until his campaign.
He sailed through his center race, without Hillary, he never would have learned to be a good debater.
He never would have had to understand how to robustly answer the story and personal attacks.
He never would have been warned about how harmful an unplugged spouse can be.
He never would have realized how a luminous speech can be effective damage control.
When pressed about whether he's ready for swift voting, Obama seemed a little bit cavalier.
But the Hillary Campbell, Garrett, him with his mistakes until he fully appreciates what Garretting feels like, and he still to website to, didn't he's been pursuing super delegates by pressing the Reverend Wright issue.
Besides coaching Obama, Hillary's also shielding him.
If she hadn't fidded about the Toosla Airport landing and then fidded to get out of a fib, the press would have stayed focused on right.
She's been an invaluable lightning rod.
Hillary has clearly raised Obama's consciousness about the importance of courting the ladies,
touring a manufacturing plant in Alentom, Piatus.
He was flirtatious winking and grinning at women working there, calling one sweetie, telling others she was beautiful,
and maintaining his daughter's dance moves by trawling around.
Maybe he'll be on dancing with a tharth.
Wouldn't that be something?
Oh yeah.
Later when a Scranton town hall he went up to Denise and Mercuria, a pharmacist from Dunmore, wearing a Hillary button.
What do I need to do? Do you want me on my knees?
He turned me before promising I'll give you a kiss.
Obama's been less adept at absorbing a lesson in Hillary's men and morphesses from entitled Queen of the Party to scrap a blue collar mama.
His strenuous and inadvertently hilarious efforts to a working class folk in Pennsylvania have only made him see more a feat.
Keeping his tie firmly in place, he gentili slipped off.
He gentili slipped his fighter, yungling beer a charkey sportscaff in Latrobe, and bold badly in Altoona.
Challenging Obama to a bowl-off, Hillary kindly offered to spot him two frames.
At the Wilbur chocolate chopper in Liddett's Monday, he spent most of his time skittin' away from chocolate goodies,
as though he were a starlet, obsessing on a stelt waistline.
Oh now the woman managing the shop told him with a frown, you don't worry about calories in a chocolate factory.
The Times Michael Powell reports that after watching five plump white-haired women in plastic hair nets spin the chocolate in as such confections as
Phantom of the Opera Mask and Pink High heels he ventured, do you actually eat the chocolate when you get sick of it?
They giggle that is silliness.
He looked even more concerned when he was offered a chocolate cake with white chocolate frosting.
Oh man, he said that's too decadent for me.
One of the most valuable lessons the great Hillary can teach the language Obama and the Timid Democrats is that the whole point of a presidential race is to win.
It's not to share power or force the scrambling couple into a range marriage.
The winner wins even if it's only by a fractured percentage point or one Supreme Court justice.
Winnie's got no margin of error as the Democrats should have learned by now, and the winner gets to decide his or her running mate.
What the ultimate favorite Hillary can do for the Enroer freshman is to fight him full out until the finale and then gracefully release him so he can fight happiness with somebody else.
Hillary's work is done only when she is done because the best way for Obama to prove he's ready to stare down, Ahmed Inijad is by putting away somebody even tougher, right?
It's more in the Queen, Reen Dog.
With words in her again that nobody can pronounce that, that's her thing.
She does that just to aggravate and agitate and of course just make me stumble.
Since these people are getting the hearer column for free and don't have to subscribe, you know what I'm saying?
It's very nice of you. It is. It's been white to me. Frank Rich and Reen Dog are several, several columns on there.
That you have to pay to a subscriber for online or or listen to this show.
980 votes on a pull. I bet you are just pleased as all hell.
Yeah, you could say that.
I would say like that you just, you know, phrase, but I don't remember what it is.
You're spelling? Yes, sir. Are you spelling? Yeah.
Let me take a look at that. I don't think we're doing too good.
I can't find it on there now.
What do they do? Take it off of there?
What? What?
You never know with Cortis. He's such a jerk.
63. We didn't sell one more. That's bad. Not even one night.
Not yet. Not yet.
My goal is to get to 60 for Joe by two o'clock.
All right.
Milk and I can't pay. Great location. Excellent food.
Now what was that French toast you were telling me about? Maybe you want to scream? It sounded so good.
I believe it had pecans inside the French toast and around it.
Whoa. Yeah. And lots of syrup on it.
Sourp everywhere.
And there are strawberries inside the...
I mean, I have a tip. There's enough syrup left over to take like a boys and berry animal.
What's the biggest name?
It's a relationship. You don't have no rejects.
4.25.
62.8.
The next force leader.
Just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon.
So, uh, what's the...
Davey Gravy line?
You're fairies.
Come on everybody. Get into the spins.
Now that you've been in for however long it's been.
Winner throw wins.
Huck in your second chin.
Everybody do the glints.
Come on and fight over to the middle.
Over to the middle.
Ain't nothing special tonight.
I can't stand the line.
Need to do the left a little.
To the west of the bend.
Now we know lots of things.
Come on and take a definite position.
Defeat the position.
Now we know what total turnabout.
Total turnabout.
Take your finger at the meeting.
See how good there'll be.
Everybody do the thing.
Come on everybody.
Join the problem name.
When you start to fade and the public is swayed.
Hustle free trade and sage of bombing range.
Everybody do the glints.
Come on and fight over to the middle.
Over to the middle.
Ain't nothing special tonight.
I can't stand the line.
Need to do the left a little.
To the west of the bend.
Now we know lots of things.
Bend over making everybody happy.
Everybody have the other guy in the lead.
Other guy in the lead.
Try appearing Jeffersonian.
Bring another groan in everybody.
Do the things.
I'll step up.
When there's back bone.
It was harder than your plan.
Do what?
With straight hands.
A second die.
Now there with the band.
Everybody do the thing.
Everybody do the thing.
Come on and fight over to the middle.
Over to the middle.
Ain't nothing special tonight.
To the west of the bend.
Need to do the left a little.
To the west of the bend.
Now we know lots of things.
Bend over making everybody happy.
So on the nominee.
On the rest of the team.
Start to feel a little ill.
And he's with your own little fill.
And he's everybody to the princess.
Now to the oldest and the straightest couple.
And to say the shuffle.
In the continental house.
continental house.
Aaron Dunham walk over.
Aaron Dunham walk over.
It's right to lift your latest fight.
When you're late, I'm coming there and try to keep on trucking.
Baby one step at a time.
One step at a time.
You just like the mama says,
Make good on your promises.
Everybody do the thing.
You just like your mama says,
Make good on your promises.
Everybody do the thing.
Well, I don't really want to.
It's up to Hillary.
Everybody do the thing.
And he's a big guy.
We saw another one.
There was a Milky.
What is it?
Milk and honey.
Milk and honey cafe.
We saw one more.
That was 62.
Milk and honey cafe.
Milk and honey cafe.
I made these six bigger numbers on the pool.
14 more votes on these six to four.
And they're 2,000.
And Chris gets to make it and jumps up and down in the counter.
And the Zach runs out screaming and carrying on.
Yes.
Speaking of bubble,
a private meeting between Bill Clinton and California Superdelegates.
He's erupted when the former president was reminded of Bill Richardson's decision to endorse Barack Obama.
He's losing it, Bubba.
He's going over the edge.
It was like somebody pulled a pin from a grenade,
a grinace,
San Francisco, a Chronicle, a calmest,
filled up mate here and Andrew Ross.
Five times to my face, Richardson said he would never do that.
A red face, finger pointing, and Clinton erupted.
The two right in today's paper.
Clinton was a far cry from the congenial former president of the Trofele de Legitz to chill out
over the race between his wife and Barack Obama.
It was one of the worst political meetings I've ever attended when Superdelegates said.
According to those at the meeting, Clinton, who flew in from Chicago with bags and resides,
was classic old Bill at first,
charming and making small talk with 15 or so delegates,
who gathered in the room behind the convention stage.
But as the group moved together for the perfunctory photo,
Rachel Bina, former Richardson delegate in the House of Sports,
who had a full-bill house,
sorry she was to have heard former Clinton campaign manager James Carville call Richardson
a Judas for backing Obama.
It was as if somebody pulled a pin out of a grenade.
Five times to my face, Richardson said he would never do that.
A red face, finger pointing, and Clinton erupted.
The former president then went on a tirade that ran from the media's unfair treatment
of Hillary to questions about the fairness of the votes and state caucuses that voted for Obama.
And then with him asking delegates to imagine what the reaction would be if Obama was training by just 1%,
and people were telling him to drop out.
It was very, very intensive, one at 10D,
not at all like the Bill of Earlier campaigns.
It was kind of strange later when he took the stage and told everybody to chill out when delegates told us,
we couldn't think he was also talking to himself.
He's losing it baby, reddened the push,
and he won't like this news.
Eric Mays writes on the roster,
a swallowing death watch puts her chances below 10%.
Oh my God.
Is Hillary Clinton's candidacy dead? Ask Eric?
It's a question that's cropping up more and more.
She was a shoe in the last summer.
Now she's the underdog. She won Texas, and she lost Texas.
Slate has hooked up a hard monitor and begun the bedside vigil
to keep bookmakers and voters abreast of her odds.
A feature on the organization's website
rates of Clinton's chances of capturing the nomination.
Today, her odds were of slightly from 9.7% to 9.9%.
When you've got a 1 in 10 shot of winning the nomination
to date without any major scruples,
is a good one declared slate?
Her odds that they were down from last week
when slate kicked off its death watch and opened her odds at 12%.
But had they risen slightly from the weekend,
they had because the organization's hard monitor determined
she hadn't had made any missteps over the last several days
setting a collection of polls that showed her with modest gains.
She rose four points and galloped slate as pulled,
but that was balanced by several key endorsements
that Obama recently received.
The new observer reported that Obama is expected
when a couple of North Carolina endorsements this week.
Slate promised to adjust Clinton's odds as polls waiver,
surrogates resign, super delegates bail,
and of course voters vote.
We'll also keep an eye on indicators like fundraising,
political futures, media coverage,
and the windshield factor in Scranton P.A.
Not everyone agrees with slate's assessment,
in trade today gave Clinton a 14.8 chance of winning
compared to 82% for Obama.
The spiked predictions Clinton seems unlikely to die quietly,
and she goes on about the rocky thing.
No rocky old rocky rocky rocky and bowl winkle.
Rocky ball bowl.
Yeah, and that's what she was saying like rocky.
She don't go down easy,
which is probably why Obama turned to monetary.
Exactly.
992 on the poll on Chris's poll.
About the issues that count to you, baby,
the economy is number one, 353,
stupid, and the Iraq war.
Opensulating the Democrats are going to have his
a Quinnipiac University poll.
So what are we 50, Obama 41, not sure at nine?
Down slightly from two weeks ago when Clinton led by 12 points,
158 Democratic delegates of court.
Yeah, the rest of the polls, she's only four or five points in in person.
And dropping like Iraq, Iraq, rock.
She's no longer rock solid.
So what's the story with him now?
The big ol' what about you?
Well, I mean, he's mired there in that five to seven.
And of course he's been on the station for what 100 years,
and actually Johnny Joe paid his way to the thing,
the combi, the NFL combi.
And actually provided him with his own measuring tape.
Maybe they could send me there next year.
That would be interesting.
I'll be on my own.
I think you can do that too much.
Especially if Brady Quinn was there,
I might bring my own measuring tape.
And of course Chris is really sour on Brady Quinn
because he looks for it, you know.
Oh, I don't care how he looks.
Well, if he was ugly, you'd like him.
You just said, oh, the dolphin should have picked Brady Quinn.
Actually, I think he was kind of overrated when he was in college.
Are you picking on Notre Dame now just because there are a bunch of
far-vision Catholics?
Is that what you're doing?
I hate that school.
Keep it up.
I hate Michigan too.
I'm a Spartan, man.
You know then, I hate Michigan, but when Tom Brady was there,
I thought, hey, go over Reigns, baby.
We love the overreigns, like that.
You know, I mean, once in a while, I'm weak.
Like everybody else.
I think you're attracted to him.
I beg your pardon?
That's just because you're attracted to him.
No kidding.
Why did I just say that, Schmock?
I thought if anybody's got a quarterback that looks that good,
can they be that bad?
And now that he's gone from there, they are.
Now, where did Matt Linder play USC?
Yes.
He looks pretty good.
$9.94 on a pool.
Well, he does.
He's a human-looking guy.
Most, now, let me just say this to you.
In football, if a guy is going to be a good looking guy,
it's usually the quarterback.
Yeah, that's the line.
The linemen are grotesque, not all of them, but just most.
Well, a lot of them are big guys.
300.
Right. They're freaks.
They're like basketball players in the NBA.
How many good looking guys in the NBA?
Three.
Five.
Five.
Talk about crap.
Talk about those heaths.
Oh, you'll get all the stats, by the way,
and they're 20 point loss the other day.
Did they play again?
I guess they got the day off yesterday, right?
Oh, I believe so.
Yeah, they did.
They'll look their wounds after getting pounded again,
and again, and again, and again.
It's just, it's a local and national international disgrace.
The entire universe is pissed off about it.
I say it's time to disband the heat.
And then, of course, the jerk show.
What does he do then?
Well, they play the New Orleans Hornets tonight.
In?
I believe in Miami.
Wow, are you going to be there?
I am not going to be there.
I bet you jerselled me there, covered in,
and you'd be right at the table only.
I think that's a good bet.
That would be a table, a court side, a table side, jerks.
Now, is he going to be playing that music when he gives the stats?
I think he's going to be, I wonder if they do that also,
I'm sure they do at the basketball games,
like Joe was screaming about the noise at the baseball.
They do.
It's bad, the games tell you.
I mean, hockey games, there was a time in the Macarena,
when they had the noise so loud in there,
your brains were like scrambled, like scrambled eggs.
Loud and intense, and just, all the speakers were vibrating,
and just people were like, what the hell?
Couldn't even talk to yourself, I'm so sorry, anybody else.
People don't want that, okay?
Nobody in their right mind wants that.
Why not?
What?
You want to be entertained?
No, I don't.
I'm like, during the game, I want to be entertained.
I want some entertainment during the game.
Not before the game, not in between the periods,
not during the face-offs.
I don't want loud screaming, and I sure don't want to see
Gelly after I'm in the scoreboard.
I could have wanted that game on Saturday,
but instead I chose to go to what I do.
Went to a hard rock.
He probably invites up to the roof.
Gelly?
Yeah, sure he would.
Why not?
Gelly loves you.
You are so full of crap.
Why do you say such stupid things?
Is it just because you enjoy being stupid or...
Why would Gelly not love you?
What would be the reason for that?
I don't know, maybe Gelly did.
I think he likes that.
Well, he likes the attention.
In fact, when we first came to the station
and bokehed to the Gelly bit, you know,
Gelly, Gelly, this one.
That one.
Gelly was a karaokeing at the bars.
We were told.
Gelly, Gelly.
Now, I don't know what that means.
Does it mean he's really stupid or...
He's got a good sense of humor.
It doesn't take himself too seriously.
Or realizes that he's got a squeaky voice
and doesn't belong on the airman.
That's really it.
Absolutely.
He's got a huge amount of objects.
It's 4.8-5.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Hello, and welcome to a Kermit Shere.
Chelsea Clinton blindsided by a question
campaigning for her mother.
What she was asked and how she responded.
Chelsea, do you have embarrassing evidence?
Wow, you're the first person actually
that's ever asking that question.
Can you open a beer bottle with your benches?
I don't want to thank you for this.
Chelsea, that's a good question about global warming
and that ended the event.
We got 1,000-4 votes.
Let's hear it for Chris.
All right.
All right.
Aren't you thrilled?
And I think what we ought to do now,
I'm going to print it out
and then we'll change the pool.
How's that?
Sounds good.
Sounds like a plan, Zach.
He's, uh, you know, not here.
He's juicing again?
I don't know, maybe.
I'll just slide at the audio vault
crashed on the rejoiner,
not before that.
Why is that?
Because otherwise,
we'd have to make up those spots.
That would be really bad.
Because that's what we're here for,
baby, is to play the spots.
All spots radio.
And we make no bones about it.
Oh, here's the forest pool.
It doesn't pay to be cheap when it comes to,
and then, uh,
our friend, what's his name in Hollywood?
What's his name?
Um, I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Cuba 12, gun rights and suchs 10,
the space program 10, drugs,
drugs, baby 8.
I'm not going to vote 7.
Israel 6.
Oi!
Education 4 welfare to abortion 2,
and FCC stuff,
Solonete Uno.
That was probably Johnny Joe, FCC stuff.
I actually voted for that.
Oh, did you really?
I did FCC.
Why?
Uh, I don't know.
Because I wanted to be the one and only.
Because you're trying to have it to keep bleeping Joe out there
in the morning?
I don't want to be a police officer, you know what I mean?
That's what you said.
You're policing the place.
Uh, I'm going to vote for employees on that other poll.
Don't be cheap, but it comes to your employees.
And look at that.
It's got two votes.
It's toilet paper too.
I don't understand.
What just happened there?
I just had like an out of body experience.
What do you feel?
No words says I'm not going to vote.
Yeah, you're going to vote that you're not going to vote.
Yeah, no, I saw that too.
I don't know.
I understand.
What's it easy going to vote?
No, that makes sense.
I thought maybe I had like the same answer and it didn't make any sense.
We don't want to do that, do we?
Is it like anybody cares?
The poll police are going to have to respond.
Oh, you put an answer on a poll that didn't make any sense.
Too bad.
Robert Sheer writes in truth dig.com.
War of the word.
Would God ever damn America?
Is there anything we've done or clicked with with the nation?
Is there a precuity or American exemption from God's wrath?
The prediction of God's damnation for bad behaviors made both in black and white churches.
One authority on such matters, Reverend Pat Robertson, didn't think the latter when he blamed
the ravaging effects of Hurricane Katrina on the royal's retribution against those who
shed innocent blood.
Robertson's reference to legalized abortion so that they passage from Leviticus that the
Reverend Jeremiah Wright also might have been thinking of when he sermonized the government
wants us to sing God Bless America.
No, no, no, God damn America.
That's the new story, by the way, so don't you know.
That's in the Bible for killing innocent people, a reference graphic in American sacrifice
don't get those streets.
The father was saying it's a new story, Zach.
Okay, I'm just policing, I just think it's.
Don't over police.
We already got choice for that.
In the crapper there, over there in the West Coast, he's got a big dump button.
While the innocence about whom they spoke are different, the scriptural reference seems
to be the same.
As Robertson put it in a statement preserved in a video clip posted on the internet by
media matters, I was reading yesterday about what God has to say in the Old Testament about
those who shed innocent blood.
The land will vomit you out, which he related to attacks either by terrorists or now
by natural disaster.
The land will vomit you out.
Robertson, from our life Republican administration, has not always been warmed to the presumed
GOP presidential nominee Senator John McCain, although the two recently minted their
streamed relationship.
However, in the season of pastor beating, McCain is now his own problem having expressed
his thrill and receiving the endorsement of Pastor John Haguey.
Haguey, citing a plan homosexual parade, had previously told National Public Radio that
Hurricane Katrina was God's punishment of the people of New Orleans for a level of sin
that was offensive to God.
Obviously, the Almighty with whom Haguey is on intimate terms is a need of map quest,
given that New Orleans gay neighborhoods were among the ones least impacted by the hurricane.
What did I tell you, Lord?
It's got bad aim.
Did I always tell you that?
Yes.
Haguey long has been denounced by Catholics for labeling the Vatican the Great Horror,
and blaming Hitler's inocidal policies on his having attended a Catholic school as
a child.
A Haguey issue that has some current relevance to the Ractus Astros is blasting the Roman
Catholic Church for sponsoring the Crusades, which plunged the world into the Dark Ages.
In a warning that Imperial Adventures lose some of their lustre with the passage of time,
Haguey wrote in his book Jerusalem Countdown, the brutal truth is that the Crusades were
military campaigns of the Roman Catholic Church, the gain control of Jerusalem from the Muslims,
and to punish the Jews had the alleged Christcubbers on the road to and from Jerusalem.
What will future theologians say about George W. Bush's crusade to liberate a Ract, shedding
the blood of hundreds of thousands of innocents?
I know that the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. would say, if he were left today, who
will be consistent with his denunciation of the Vietnam War in a sermon at New York's
Riverside Church a year before his assassination.
Recounding his difficulty in spreading the message of nonviolence and personal responsibility
to the very ghetto youths that Reverend Wright has worked with for decades, King stated,
I know I could never again raise my voice against the violence of the oppressed in the
ghettos without having first spoken clearly the greatest purveyor of violence in the world
today, my own government.
King delivered that speech to the year right and his six years of service in the US Marine
Corps in Navy for which he received three commendations from President Johnson, whom King was confronting.
No doubt Wright was influenced by King's Oratory Decrying the Cruel Irony of watching Negro
and Wright boys on TV screens and brutal solidarity burning the huts of a poor village, but
we realize that they would hardly live on the same block in Chicago.
I couldn't be silent in the face of such cruel manipulation the poor he said and either
could write.
Our respect Barack Obama's right to repudiate his pastor's comments as he did, but our
respect even more has refusal to throw the man overboard in a practice when we witnessed
all too often with the Clintons when they came under right wing attacks.
Hillary did it again Tuesday telling me, right wing Pittsburgh Tribune Review Editorial
Board that right would not have been my pastor.
So she says, but the record shows she was there in a White House on September 11, 1998
when her husband posed for a photo with the Reverend Wright and was grateful for his
support in the midst of that Ratholeviticus Bluegrass flat in Great says Robert Cheater in
Great ungrateful bitch, Sal, all of these things.
All of these things.
At a boy, Bobby, you tell it like it is.
You know that bit we got my religions better than your religion.
Yep, we got to have one called my pastors more hateful than your past.
Oh, come on.
That wouldn't be nice.
That's right.
Piss off all those people to get upset when we talk about religion.
When that pole that we repeated here a couple weeks ago, that just floored me.
Oh, we we turn it off when you and George talk about well, you know what?
Go turn it off.
Okay.
Go see your rabbi, your rabbi.
Go see your pastor.
Go see your priest.
If he's not busy with the altered boys, well, that's time you want the temple.
When I was 13 years old, when I had my bar mitzvah, you think I would ever go back
for that drink again?
Why?
What would I go back for?
What about you, Zach?
Yeah, I believe the old, actually, not my bar mitzvah, my brother's bar mitzvah was
last time I was at a temple.
And a shul?
Yeah, that no.
That was it.
And did you bless the wine?
Did you say Baruch Hatah at a night, Barabari, Haagoffen?
Did you bless the wine?
I did.
Yeah.
Did the hell wasn't it?
Man, she have it's her mug and David.
Oh, it was Man of Shovitz.
How would David it?
Not how would David it is.
It came out today, Zach drinks how would David it into wine?
Oh, my God.
I would drink it.
How about that?
No, you wouldn't.
I wouldn't try it.
How would you drink it?
Man of Shovitz.
Man of Shovitz is pretty good.
Do you drink it?
Man of Shovitz.
I'm not going to see if we did any more good for Joe.
We sold one.
Sixty-two.
Well, we sold four since we came on here.
Yeah, one since we said we were going to get down to sixty.
Well, we still got sixty-two on there for the milk and any cafe.
Let's go, people.
We need at least two more, let's go.
I don't get it.
Can you explain that to me?
What's the problem there?
I'm not really sure.
The location is excellent right there in Hollywood on university.
The food is sensational.
I'm sure it's not like a real high price joint, is it?
I don't believe so.
No.
No.
And you're getting a fifty dollar deal for twenty-five bucks.
But that's good food.
I don't get it.
Maybe they just don't like joining them.
Since you picked on the decent.
I think that's what they're doing.
Four hundred and five sixty-two.
I think.
Fourth.
Leader.
You got out.
WQL.
Oh.
The back it is.
You fairly.
He's got a little old.
He's got a little old.
The price might be down.
But water on his grind.
Grind, grind, grind, grind.
The price might be down.
Grind, grind, grind.
Grind, grind, grind.
Grind, grind, grind.
Grind, grind, grind.
The meaning of the seeding.
There's something else that it drives.
And it bothers me and I, yeah.
It's I want to know with Jomacane Keats.
And it's an omenscheek.
I want to know with Jomacane Keats.
And it's an omenscheek.
Welcome.
Story-need-cheekers by the power.
I'm little Santa Cuts, Santa Cuts, Santa Fe and a round.
Who's watching me hiding?
Any need to be hiding?
You else could be finding.
Always hunt with your sheep, and doesn't swallow what it eats.
I want to know with Jomacane Keats,
Maybe just stirring up some nuts for our next winner.
132-560-Vegety-QM.
We got the new poll up there and Chris is all whipped up about that I'm sure.
Yep.
It's always good to get the new one up there during the show because that almost guarantees
for the next day.
We still stuck on 62 of those things from Joe Rose.
Yes we are.
Oh my God.
I thought for sure we could do three of them this hour.
Maybe if I bought two you think I'm not going to.
I could do it that would be cheating and I don't want to go.
That's what I could be winning with it would buy this afternoon.
I won't tell if you cheat.
You ought to be really proud of me by the way it's Wednesday.
I got back here on Sunday.
Something out of winter would buy me one a few hundred bucks.
I already told you that.
And that's your only time I've been since I've been back.
You missed the hard rock that's why.
No I think I just need a break a little bit of a break.
I've plunged my guts out of between Pompo and the next time Gulf Stream for sure first.
And that Christine leaves.
I mean it was flooded every weekend talk about bad luck.
Any other time I'd have been there in a heartbeat.
I'd have been there early in the morning.
Anyway here's the new poll.
It doesn't pay to be cheap but it comes to toilet paper 11.
Amen to that.
Don't give me no that to apply or single apply it.
Can you imagine that single fly?
No way I like the aloe on there also.
Aloe?
Yeah the one didn't even hurt that.
Oh the shaman with the aloe the shaman.
Oh yes.
Aloe on your ass.
Oh huh nice insult.
Maybe that's why we don't get a hemorrhage.
Maybe.
Why see?
Well I'm gonna I'm gonna try that.
This is a shaman of your class.
Maybe I can win enough and would buy this afternoon go out and buy me a case.
Of aloe loaded the toilet paper.
Yeah it's pretty good.
Shaman plus.
Hmm is that what it's called?
Yeah that's the brand that I have in my house.
Zach recommends shaman flush to wipe your ass with.
We got 12 now say toilet paper and employees five.
I'm not gonna vote four.
What was in the end I'm not gonna vote.
That's like the I don't want to or I don't care whatever we do.
Get out of there.
Get that off of there please.
Can you get that off or I can't get off?
That's from the other pull and I wonder I've confused before.
It doesn't pay to be cheap when it comes to I'm not gonna vote.
So is a little weird.
Where did that come from?
Was that on the original thing?
Let me take a look.
Let me take a puke at it and see.
Cause I know that we've got it before that when we have to add it to the other poll.
I did you know what I've do to add it and then I was like oh wait that's on the wrong
poll cause Eric already had this one.
Ah so Chris screwed it up.
I know it.
So I asked Eric to take it off and put it on the other poll and he just said hold on a second
okay now add it but so I forget he took it off of this one.
Shame on you Eric.
It's the first mistake he's ever made by the way.
Yep I'm gonna show.
It doesn't pay to be cheap when it comes to prostitutes for.
Cars 2, stakes 2, oh that's for sure.
Nothing worse than cheap meat.
Shoes 2, scotch 2, concerts eats 1, mechanics 1, bicycles 1, cigars 1, underwear 1,
and non-forketchup celery accountants are MP3 players.
Well I mean you can get an MP3 player with-
What is Mickey and Michael Chordoff?
Ungrade invitation for drug dealers.
Maggie and I go we off for a game.
Let's have Mickey.
He's got to protect this from all those evildoers Mickey chair on.
Half way to it's good.
Right don't you feel a lot safer here and him speak.
Absolutely.
My God.
What kind of a creature is that?
What planet did that come from?
What toilet did that sneak out from under the back of the bowl from?
Speaking of toilet paper.
I think that was a fairly educational it was disgusting but remember that
they were researching toilet paper in the history of it?
No.
You don't?
Oh yeah last week and yeah okay.
And the left hand right hand and all that stuff yeah.
I think Chris is on delay.
I think I was also Eric so it's all gone.
So uh-
I'm not going to go on.
Yeah.
Oh once it's gone it won't come back because it didn't make any sense out there.
It doesn't pay to be cheap when it comes to I won't vote.
And it got a couple of votes on it and like you said it's like I hate this pool.
Anything negative.
Goes over really big in South Florida.
Anything negative.
What does your vote for?
Would be considered.
Employees.
I voted for prostitutes.
Shame on you.
Why?
You don't want a cheap prostitute.
How do you know maybe maybe she's desperate enough to be really great in the sack or he loves
a different story.
Unless of course you're out there servicing your own picnic table in the backyard.
A bit too that expensive.
Wow.
Yeah especially when they got to take the slivers out.
Wow.
Two top advisors for Senator John McCain represented one of the nation's most aggressive
predatory lenders.
Contradicting McCain's street talk about America's collapsing housing market.
I will not play election year politics with a housing crisis he declared last week while
unveiling his response.
John Green, the Senator chiefly, is on the Congress and Wayne Berman is
National Finance Co-chairman, billed more than 720 grand in lobbying fees from 2005 to last
year to a mer request mortgage through their lobbying firm disclosure forms reviewed by the
New York Daily News Review.
A repealed.
A mer request which since has been bought out was forced to settle suits with 49 states for
$325 million.
More than 13,000 New York homeowners got taken for a ride by the company records be shown.
They would be defined as the most blatant and aggressive predatory lender of everybody said
Bruce Marks head of the nonprofit neighborhood assistance corporation of America.
Despite their past familiarity with the issue neither Green or Berman had any input in McCain's
plan for dealing with the lending crisis, aids to the Arizona Senator be sanitized week.
McCain's state will also include the handful of lobbyists, the news notes,
including McCain campaign manager Rick Davies, formerly a lobbyist for the telecommunications
industry and Thomas Loeffler, McCain's national financial chairman who recently helped
Airbus line the look at their Pentagon contract. All the crooks all the time, baby,
they profit good game. They're all on somebody's payroll.
Am I right? You bet. Why do they work so feverishly so hard to get in these positions because
they can rape the public? Legalized rape? Add a good point?
Am I right?
What?
Add a high pay.
And a very high pay.
That's right.
And don't forget what most said.
Gang rape is funny.
Just ask the Saudis about that.
Tell them that.
Gang rape is funny.
He was very indignant about that.
Was that the Saudis or the Howard?
There was Mo.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
And then, I bet you the Saudis don't like Mo.
I was thinking about that yesterday.
Well, I think a lot about other silly things.
About the, because I was at Woodbine or maybe was in this building.
We have a lot of future terrorists in this building.
And it was a young guy who came in, not a bad looking kid.
Maybe in his early 20s.
And I thought to myself, he looks like he's either Jewish or Arabic.
Middle Eastern, you know what I mean?
And then I thought to myself, well,
in other words, he's submitt looking.
And then of course, that immediately brings to mind the fact that the
semites, the Arabs and the Jews, they're all from the same,
they got the same roots, baby.
It's the same crowd.
And they're all killing each other for thousands of years,
just like the Shiites and the Suleis and the Kurds.
Little Miss Muffa with her Kurds in way.
Hey?
Am I right?
Absolutely.
All these people kill each other all from the same family tree,
baby.
Maybe that's the problem.
Maybe there was a little bit of incest there.
Yeah, me.
Anyway, he didn't look good enough that I was going to stop him and find out.
Not that.
Hey, you brought the faggot down.
I don't know if you're going to get me a ride next to the border.
I'm going to be willing to pay him.
I think for its leader.
It's a glory hole.
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air.
Because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David,
who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music.
So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids.
Instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard.
The caller like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So this wanted to get the message out.
And don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want.
But you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
No.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station for everybody else.
But it's over.
Me and you done.
Oh my god.
It's not like I break up.
We've been playing that a hundred times today and never heard too much.
I love that.
I love that.
Well, you also love it, Chris.
I was one I was working with.
So that's all that.
You were working Joe show that day.
Yeah, I was a star.
I was going to show.
I'm going to show you.
So thank you for God.
Yep.
I'll be damned.
And then he denied that he ever called the show.
That's great.
It took a week to finally.
I fell up to it.
And who was it that went along with him and said, hey,
Paul, they have a thing.
I thought was a real upstanding macho guy.
The snake.
That was the difference.
I think somebody chopped his snake.
How do you like that?
I love him.
Caved in.
Caved in.
He wouldn't stand up for the truth.
He caved in.
Well, you know, that moment was pretty intimidating.
Yet everybody on pins and needles.
Everybody was afraid for their job.
He never knew where he was going to throw that muskrat at you.
In fact, that bombed it.
You know, that's one of the all-time bests.
And by the way, to the losers on Cloudy Channel.
Give it didn't work.
Give it was acidine.
I appear on a program on network, which happens to be carried by Cloudy Channel.
Mm-hmm.
Guess what?
What?
Our midday guy had a lot of laughs with it.
Who's that?
The laughter ends at some point, my man.
And this dopey-ness perceived ashtick is acidine.
A lot of trash monkeys on that program.
I know.
I had to get the monkey sound.
Have you fun?
Fun, sober.
Careful.
Paybacks of bitch.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Buckle your seatbelts because when I drop it,
what happened in Hiroshima in 45 was nothing.
Because when I drop the bomb on certain folks here and certain folks elsewhere,
it's going to be painful, baby.
We don't want to get into personalities.
Of course not.
So, what all happened with that thing?
I never heard about that one.
Oh, that was kept very quiet because he had to do with the race, the racial thing.
And he had a certain organization where they were going after that.
I was back when I was playing that kind of leasabit, you know.
Ah, okay.
And the um,
repra- what was it called?
Not repra- a restitution song.
Mm-hmm.
Oh boy, they're threatening to do this and the frame-
and he went after- I wasn't left out of that for sure.
Everybody was going to get canned.
George was going to get- he was right on the verge.
Greg Reed called to tell me he was canned in George.
And of course, Zach I can, but he- he lies about it because he's still scared.
No, I'm not scared.
Yeah, you're intimidated easily by that little weasel clearance.
What?
For a little slimy guy like him, he sure has-
many caught it from Mo.
That's it, bruvged off.
He never doubted.
But boy, he had them on pins and needles all the time.
That's one thing, say what you're well about him, boy.
But he sure had a good lawyer.
He had them just reeling all the time.
Oh, it blows every- it's threatening again,
threatening again.
Like that.
And we just got a lawyer, huh?
What? He's got a good lawyer?
Yeah, I'm like some of us.
Yeah.
And I see they go pick it on Norma again.
You didn't even know her.
I didn't say anything.
Yeah, no, you're all you doing in this inning around.
You picked that up from George.
What?
So I'm just doing that to suck up to George.
We can not even hear this week.
By the way, yes.
They'll get out of here down to 60.
Oh right, we did it!
You got to be kidding me.
And it's not like we're doing us a favor.
Like I always say on these deals, we're doing Emma favor.
We're giving them a great deal.
They're getting like half off, 50% discount on great food.
We did it!
Yeah, we did it.
We did it!
We did the thousand votes on the first pull.
We got 64 on the second pull.
We did it!
And we did the, we sold a six.
It's a certificate for Joe Rose.
During the show today, it's not even our deal.
You know, our people are saving the money for tomorrow.
For loose seals.
But...
We did it!
And you're welcome.
Tell Joe that he's welcome.
Oh, I thank you for the job.
Do you?
Oh yeah.
Are you impressed?
Very.
Al Gore elevated to almost prophetic status for his campaign
against global warming.
Sunday night, I'm veiled the new $300 million ad blitz.
Blints.
Intended to force it to be in our climate change
during the presidential elections.
Yeah, those blints is man, we're going to die for it.
That, my friends?
I don't like blints.
Well, they had plenty of, the pastrami.
My friend Dave had a pastrami sandwich,
so I reached over and had a little bit of it to see.
It was the best.
The best!
You don't like pastrami either?
No, pastrami I could be of.
Blints is no good.
Blints is no good, huh?
You should live so long, blints is no good.
This is a guy that says, Hutzpah.
And what was the other thing you said, like a real guy?
What was the other word?
Mootsarella.
Well, that was like a Guido, Mootsarella.
Oh my god.
That's what the cow said on the way out,
Mootsarella.
Good, Gully, the Italians are impaling themselves on sharp objects right now.
Mootsarella.
What a schmuck.
Anyway, I only remember what the story was about.
Oh, Al Gore.
He appeared with his wife, Tipper, on the CBS program,
60 minutes to roll out.
The effort is to donate the share of his personal fortune to the campaign.
Al Gore is going to be invented.
The internet first and I was going to save the planet at a boil.
Too bad they stole that election from him.
A couple of 16 minutes that they would donate is Nobel prize money,
as well as a matching summit edition of their profits from the book and the movie
and then can be in truth.
The movie brought the issue of global warming,
home to millions of Americans, as well as winning Gorenasca.
In his latest campaign,
Gore said he hopes to persuade Americans that protecting the planet
transcends these political divisions.
We all share this exact same interest in doing the right thing on this.
He told CBS,
are we destined to destroy this place that we call home planet Earth?
I can't believe that's our destiny.
It's not our destiny.
But we have to awaken to the moral duty that we have to do the right thing
and get out of this silly political game-playing about it.
This is about survival Al B. Sand.
The first TV ads which are the beginning on broadcast
networks as well as cable starting today will pair up the most unlikely partners
in the movement to address global warming.
A clip aired on CBS showed the Reverend Al Sharpen
and sharing a sofa with the conservative crazy ass preacher Pat Robertson,
the two men at Knob's Day agree on almost nothing,
barring the need to deal with global warming.
Out of spots, we'll feature the Democratic speaker of the house, Nancy Pelosi,
that bitch alongside Newt Gingrich, the conservative Republican,
once held the same pose.
Newtie.
Crazy ass Newtie.
He's still standing in his wife's bedside.
She's still dying over there and he still wants to decide on the papers.
The divorce papers.
Come on, honey.
I'm banging some other bitch.
All these great right-wing finger pointers,
man, they're all screwing their brains out.
They're even doing a picnic table if he asks me.
That story is just, I don't know what to say about it.
I was just hilarious.
I know what to say.
Splinters.
Desperate.
I mean, it transcends desperate.
I think he romans the table first.
Oh, sure, he romans the stone.
If you can romance the stone,
that is right.
Or watch solid.
Oh yeah.
Woo!
I hope he was drinking a lot.
Yeah, during and before and after.
Maybe it was his girlfriend who was on the pop for two years.
Like she meant it could be it.
So he had to go to the room and say,
I must have had a second tea room in that house when you think.
Or he just went outside or something.
Maybe that had a big hole in the backyard like the Italians.
Can you imagine walking by and just seeing nothing?
Seeing what, seeing her.
How would you walk by and see her sitting on the table?
I think he might see the guy going down.
The guy going down on the...
Tapping outside?
Yeah.
Can you imagine walking by and seeing that?
I wouldn't know what to do.
I see you wouldn't know what to do, dude.
I think I might watch the best out of two.
I am Roger.
425-60km.
I am the sports leader.
It's Dave!
You have to buy a VTown.
But you do have 560-WQ-A-M.
Momo, I need your help.
This is Momo.
What do you want?
I need to find Sloignees.
All right.
What you do is head up here.
And then you make a lump in the light, see?
Okay.
And get around this guy.
He's crawling.
But the light's right over here.
I know.
Okay, cut in front of him.
This is our road now, see?
Okay.
I need to crawl yourself and drive out.
Now you missed the choice.
I didn't have time.
That's what the desk pedal is there for.
Your button has a few drive like an old Yitty.
Just tell me about it.
It means I'm dead.
But be entailed.
Stop out of that camera.
What are you talking about?
I just always wanted to say that.
That there's a body big to show you.
That six meals rule.
And I'll wait a minute.
By the way, something.
And?
You don't expect to throw that on the floor, do you?
Yeah, why not?
That's Lenderin.
You know it has the winder.
I have the window.
Don't give me a ticket for that.
And I'll give you a ticket if you don't.
Oh, I'm right.
You might wonder whether or not the winder down the voice.
Your moron.
I'm turning you off.
I wouldn't be the first one.
Now see here.
See where?
Over here.
Where's the stop sign?
In the air.
In the air.
In the air.
Over there?
Not there.
Over there.
Where?
In the air.
Over there?
When some battle with you, can't you see?
I said over there.
Okay.
Now continue.
Now a hard ride.
Another ride.
And another bullet total.
It's right that you're flashing quick.
No!
No!
And you're fucked up until I know you're not gonna try.
Yeah, and I'm free if I can.
I'm gonna have to do it.
Oh, my God.
I'm gonna have to do it.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Please, defend it in the snow.
Please, defend it in the snow.
Bye, bye, bye.
Bye.
Are you sure?
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
I'm ready.
You see that great looking piece of ass over there in section 137?
Take off those checker tapes.
