I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama unless...
Well fuck, fellow rallies are prepared to take the green tooth red next thing is green.
Yeah, they're not, they'll dig what it is best.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama unless...
Hang up, hang up, take the little rally and hang up, hang up from the highest tree.
Yeah, one less knee, a country.
Yeah, one more time.
Yeah, one more time.
Yeah, one more time.
Yeah, one more time.
Well, I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama unless...
Hang up, hang up, take the little rally and hang up, hang up, hang up from the tree.
Oh, let's me upon free.
Yeah, one more time.
Yeah, one more time.
Yeah, one more time.
Yeah, one more time.
I like the times when I'm back from my big old phone and drag the tasty eyes down a gravel road.
Take them whamps, stretch them twice until they roll the flesh off a gun of a bitch.
Hang up, hang up, take the little rally and hang up, hang up the wide ass from the tree.
Let's see your palm freaky.
Oh boy, it's the big day.
It was the big day for me already.
I did a hard work already on the internet there and my hands and knees crawl around and...
Right, hooking this up and poaching with that.
And my internet was out this morning here and boy, if there's anything the last thing I need my internet to be down.
Good thing you already got knee pads.
So it's a damn good day like Monica.
So it's a good thing I don't take any calls on the show because of like, well I guess if we want to do you could punch your mug.
Yeah, here we go.
Yeah, but don't.
I'd rather punch them out.
Yeah, punch them out.
When did doubt punch your mug?
Like the next time they show up with Gulfstream, I don't want to mention any names.
Yeah.
Oh my god, then I get...
I don't want to start sounding like Archie Bunker, but...
And it got completely helpful.
I thank him profusely when we finished after 45 minutes on the phone and I finally get the name back on again.
I was having flashbacks listening to you go through that because we all have...
And I used to go through it all the time.
Really?
Yeah, but I think it's the second time in the seven years I've been here that I've had an internet disaster.
Right, I have a different service now so I don't have those problems anymore.
No.
I don't think it was the service.
I think it was just a glitch.
I think like a fart in the middle of the night.
Right?
So I think I get an India guy on the phone at all.
Oh yeah.
And then he wanted to send me a new modem from India.
And I'm thinking of myself.
Belson Paddico, a big company like that.
They don't have a bunch of modems sitting around there like a modem.
Yeah, they do.
An India.
No.
I think the whole world is an Indian now, isn't it?
Might as well be.
All the drugs, prescription drugs, probably non-prescription drugs is just...
You name it, it's an India mod.
They don't say mod, but I just have that feeling when they're talking to any second they're going to say, mod.
So I got my internet back.
Thank God for that.
And it's election day in Texas, Rhode Island, Ohio, Vermont.
Oh.
Big day.
I got a whole bunch of stuff on that.
Thank God.
Thank God I got the internet back.
Thank the Lord.
Damn God.
That's right.
The professor, a good friend, his office is the internet's down.
You think maybe there's something going on?
No.
Yours is okay, right?
Oh yeah.
Half or down.
Oh yeah.
Such a big idiot.
I'm really in that, whatever be down to QIM.
Oh, no way.
Couldn't happen in a million years.
Yeah, it happens often.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
We're going to have to get a new one up there because we got way over a thousand votes already.
Well, we do we change just like, I don't know, 10, 15 or something.
I hate it the other poll.
I don't know, maybe around 11, 11, 30.
Was it?
Yeah, that let you out.
Are you sure?
Well, we got a thousand 72 votes on it.
They liked it.
They did not like the previous one.
I don't have any in my pile.
Maybe you guys can put your heads together and come up with a real good one.
Oh yeah.
No?
No.
Well, here's that Sean from Hollywood guy.
Besides Casual Sex, well, it's the most fun.
He said, besides meaning with sex, like I said, there's no such thing as meaning with sex.
Casual sex, yes.
Meaningless no.
What's the most fun?
Gambling, roller coaster, roller coaster, beach volleyball.
Oh, high school advance, vandalism, house party, camping, hunting, river rafting, reckless driving, hanging with my friends and breaking balls.
Oh, breaking balls.
Is it drugs anywhere down there?
Should be.
I know.
Sure is hell out of me.
I mean, the poll idea isn't bad, but the list of suggestions he puts on it.
I'm surprised we don't have saws all on there.
Yeah, that'll be next.
Saws all.
When it down, have a poll with saws all.
Right.
Or a saws all.
You know, I never did.
I don't think I did.
I looked back through it again.
And Charlie being never said happy anniversary after all the grief that we've been through together.
Or his horrible poll.
I mean, like the sandwich going and actually dignified him by putting that on there that one day.
Remember, your favorite sandwich going?
I think that was the end.
I think it was an active desperation.
He sculpted off an embarrassment after that and just never to be seen again.
We also love.
Johnny G sent me a, in fact, he sent it twice just to make sure I got it the same happy anniversary greeting.
Oh, good.
The least he's kind of like Lee and Lo.
He found it.
It took a long time.
He found it.
He found it.
And he got a see a semi-dimensional like Joey Zaza.
Hazing is blank.
1070, some vote.
Well, I can't believe this thing is working out.
You have a question.
Oh, yes, a question.
No, I don't.
It's a rhetorical question.
But we all know how, especially when you needed for your livelihood.
Right.
I mean, you know, if we were for this, I could live without it for a day or two.
Right.
Or three days waiting for my new modem to come from.
You could always use your blackberry if, you know, in a picture.
For what?
For anything.
You could have a browser on there.
No, not for pretty stuff.
I mean, you could read the poll results, you know.
Do you know how ponderous that is?
I know what you're saying.
There's a stopgap last result.
Yeah, I would use the blackberry my ass.
Oh, that.
I'm sitting on it right now.
I'm affected.
It's a good thing I got the blackberry because I was able to bear it in it.
Yeah.
First, I'm talking to the guy from the living room.
And I'm running back in here looking at the modem.
What lights are flashing and which ones are green?
Oh, my God.
It's not fun, as you know.
Yep.
Especially when you're talking to an injured guy.
And I'm not saying that he wasn't very helpful.
He was tremendous.
And I would give him a big kiss right now, like that long distance, of course.
You don't think he was in India, do you?
Yes.
You do?
Yes.
Because he said to me, how's the weather there?
Right.
And I said it's minus four.
Oh, it's so cool.
So cool.
Yesterday, it made it all the way up to plus 12, 54 degrees yesterday.
And now it's like in the 20s again.
Well, that's March, man.
In like a Zion.
Uh-huh.
Anyway, 100 and 1,000 days revotes.
Hazing is unacceptable behavior.
441.
Gay, 380.
But that's your kind of turned around, didn't it?
Wasn't gay leading all the way through?
Yes.
Stupid but harmless.
106.
Crazy.
104.
And just kids having fun.
Only 52.
Yeah.
52 more runs.
Come up with that answer.
Oh, they're just having some fun.
Some good old, uh, you know, proudest one.
You're gay.
Yeah.
If you want to run naked on the beach with your buddies, if that's your idea of a good time.
There's my cup of very on air.
We got the big primaries going on today.
There's a record turnout predicted in Texas.
It's going on a huge turnout taking place.
Look at all of that.
Well, I have, I have a, I have auditor from that.
And of course, you were listening.
You were, you were witness.
I know.
It happened flashbacks all the while.
And he's having me type in the 2.68 point.
Oh, yeah.
On.
On.
On.
And on reading to you from a book, they've got like a little plastic coated sheet book, you know.
How do you know that?
Trust me.
And, you know, if you say this, then they have to say that and everything.
They don't know what's going on over there.
They're just following a little flow.
Oh, it was very good.
Okay, good.
I did take about seven times before, finally, after just trying to connect.
All of a sudden, uh, something happened.
And I, we both got so damn excited.
It was almost like a sexual experience, you know, by the way of India.
Mom's brawl at Chuck E. Cheese party.
Were we just talking about Chuck E. Cheese the other day?
Yes.
In fact, wasn't it that place?
What is it?
Miami's best or something.
It used to be the little Caesars that was way too salty that the bird forced me to go eat at that one day.
Oh, my God.
It was so bad.
So it was like, like they just took a salt shaker and they just heaved it all over the place and just went flying.
Two battling Boston moms faced an extra on the court after police say they turned on each other with a Chuck E. Cheese restaurant.
They're going to have a big brawl, man.
That's where to do a Chuck E. Cheese.
The fight allegedly broke out that the native pizza and play eatery during a child's birthday party.
Police said, pizza and play eatery.
The native police said the mom of the, why can't we have that for adults?
Pizza and...
I guess if they are pizza-loving do that?
Jeff likes to play.
Native police said the mom of the nine-year-old birthday boy apparently became enraged because the other woman's son was hogging an arcade game Saturday night.
Sergeant Paul Thompson said the 38-year-old, Catherine Alliaga and 33-year-old Tarsha Williams, both of Boston, would be seven and a quarter to answer charges of simple ass-salt and battery stemming from the scuffle.
One of the accused moms tells the Boston hero she's hiring a lawyer.
I can't believe it's at Alliaga.
The mess quickly had it and it must call my attorney.
The company's spokesman tells the hero the two moms exchanged words Saturday night at 6.45 while two kids were playing an arcade game and then punches were thrown.
The staff called police as is their policy and some store employees did try to break it up said,
Brenda Holloway corpits spokesman for Chuck E. Cheese headquarters in Irving, Texas.
Native Lieutenant Brian Grassley told the hero that the mom's names were inadvertently released.
He did confirm police responded to a report of a fight in progress.
A fight in progress at Chuck E. Cheese.
Right. Nothing nobody had no guns at Chuck E. Cheese.
What would have been a shorter fight?
That would have solved that problem on a tighty big time.
Okay, let me, I don't forget we're going to work on this pool on the year because I want to get rid of this hazing crap.
Once we get to 1100 we'd be damn well better have a new one on it.
We got a thousand ninety two right now.
So you and Chris put your heads together.
What a disgusting smell.
I don't want to be the best out of two.
There's no logic.
We're trying to find sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was not right.
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit.
A boob or all not much different like a typical Neil candidate.
It's up to Larry.
We all thank you.
Welcome.
Give it right here.
Something funny to do.
Here looking for guys who make you go.
I hope that Larry cracked like you or tap your shoe.
You stole these last few days.
But you refused to go away.
The public ends up crying.
I really did.
I did.
Tanks off to Larry.
With Cheeks of thought.
We all invite you to build a lot for us.
Funny or gone right.
But you will certainly go.
Larry taking no crap when he's having issues.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Tanks off to Larry.
He wants to stay.
But his own party wants him to go away.
Loving him to swear hard once.
He wants to stay.
Larry's breaking his credit.
They told you.
He wants a man to screw him.
And then he died.
1018 at 560 WQM.
You got the new poll?
You got 1104 on this one.
We're over 1100 votes and we haven't changed the poll yet.
I'm not too pleased about that.
I'll tell you that right now.
You got one?
No.
What about you, Chris?
You're the poll.
No, what you think?
No.
I said I was going to.
Let's see, which restaurant chain has the best desserts been there done there very recently?
When they're married or single, I hear an old Charlie B poll.
And I check just now and at my space thing, he's vanished.
I think you chased him away by ripping the yellow and the white holes of it.
You know something too bad.
He's like one step away from that Dave guy.
You know the guy from St. Pete?
No.
And I was looking over some stuff the other day from about a year ago on there.
And there was one from that same Dave guy.
It was the same thing.
Oh, I want the colors.
Bring back the colors.
It was the same crap that he just recently put on there again.
Well, guess what the good news is.
We couldn't take any calls today if I wanted to and I don't.
I don't want them.
Because I had to disconnect that router.
Now, what would you suggest to me since you're the expert on this?
What would you suggest I do later on today?
I don't have the tremendous pressure.
Because I could always plug the ethernet thing back directly into the...
Computer?
Right.
Right.
Correct.
What I suggest that you do later on today if you want to get that router going again,
turn everything off.
Modem, router and computer.
We connect them the way that you know that they're supposed to be.
And then turn them back on in the following order.
It's all important.
Modem.
Then you wait like a minute or two.
Then the router.
Wait a minute or two.
Then the computer.
And that everything should be working just fine.
And if not?
And if that's a lot of window.
I don't want to have to go through that same...
Cocker-Y again tomorrow that I did today.
That was just...
Now, look at this, Charlie P.
And you wonder why we're from the NAS.
Whether married or single, which age group are you most attracted to?
Huh?
Oh, wait, tell you the choices.
It'll take you to the least 40.
You can't understand the question.
Whether married or single, which age group are you most attracted to?
Well, what's the message that makes you...
That's what I didn't understand.
You know.
I guess it was choices.
When you were...
You were listening to me, please!
Please, I'm begging you.
What?
I'm 20 or 30 something attracted to people younger than me.
I'm 20 or 30 something attracted to people older than me.
I'm 20 or 30 something and attracted to people around my age.
I'm 40 or 50 something.
And then I'm 60 or something or any other.
And then the last one, I'm married, don't find anybody with my spouse attractive, honestly.
I'm changing the station.
Oh, you're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
You're the only one with my wife.
I'm doing the Fule Annie, Elizabeth Kucinich,
Cindy McCain, Michelle Obama, or Jerry Thompson.
So it's their husband.
You know, I'll pass on that.
Let me tell you, you know, I got to do the show next week.
As you know, coming up with a poll is the hardest thing.
You know, it's something that's a damn good thing for you that I got that internet first.
You'd have to be doing the stories this way.
Oh, you really?
Brutal.
Oh, seriously, you realize how much of what I have to have?
I do realize you worked the only one panicking.
I was what?
You worked the only one panicking.
I know what happens if you don't have the internet.
Who's untimely deaf occurring during your lifetime?
Shook you the most.
You've already done that one.
Let's do it again.
Oh, what's the best advice you've improved into your life that you credit to the eelshow?
Another Charlie B. Butt Sucking Pool.
Fire Fox, Dreamfield Pasta, Flavor Wave oven, Hogan Das Banana Nut Ice Cream,
which nobody can find anymore anyhow.
The importance of knowing my blood sugar level, daily intake of cinnamon, no matter how come we did job,
just keep the pace that's coming, all his wisdom about the victory that is religion or kneels tips on playing the slot.
You want to know my favorite tip on playing the slots?
Don't.
That's it.
You've got, hey, I win.
That's my number one tip on playing the slots.
Don't get started.
So anyway, this crazy Frenchman Maurice, did I tell you this yesterday?
No.
You know, he was losing his ass again a couple days ago.
I forget when I thought it was over the weekend.
And he said to me, look at my face.
Look at me.
I said, okay.
He said, you'll never see me here again.
I think we did this.
Yeah.
Did you?
I missed it.
I was going to read. He'll be back.
He'll be back.
Like Arnold. He'll be back.
Oh, look at this pool from another one of our, not this one, not from Charlie B.
But even worse, what's your take on the economic stimulus package?
Wait to use these choices.
Simulate this.
Huh?
F-Mara stimulus package.
They're just paying us back with our own money.
Anytime they do something, the average guy gets F'd.
It's just with the doctor ordered, what recession we're fine.
Oh, we're fine.
Oh, my God.
And you think we come up forward some crap?
Yeah.
Holy moly.
Who's your favorite Brady?
We haven't done that one.
That's another one I got stuck down in the body.
A whole pile for a good reason.
And he's got Brady Quinn, Tom Brady, Matthew Brady.
Civil War photographer, whoever heard of him.
Who's Matthew Brady?
Never heard of it.
No idea.
James Brady, Reagan's wounded press secretary, Sarah Brady, gun control activist, Brady Anderson
Outfielder, Mike Brady, out Brady Anderson Gate.
Mike Brady, and the Carol Brady, and Greg Brady, and Peter Brady, and Bobby Brady, and
Marsha Brady, and Jan Brady, and Cindy Brady from the Brady bunch.
That's another Charlie B. pool, man.
Make sure the board doesn't take up any of the radio stations.
I wonder how those sports stations are coming up.
Oh, yeah, they're going to set the world up.
You know, 640 and 840 and 850 and 998 and 240 on the A.M.
Dalma, although it was a rye.
Now, did you mention, I mentioned a duck that PD Linney is a moron and double-bogey.
I don't know.
I came out of it.
That was near yesterday.
Did you hear that?
I heard it.
In other words, don't get him involved.
He don't want nothing to do with PD Linney.
He's got enough fish to fry of his own.
But PD Linney is impossible.
And all the butt-kissing, sucking up emails, and I'm not impressed by that.
Okay?
Do your job.
Learn how to do something right for once in your life.
You've simple, then.
You idiot.
You ass-licker.
God.
I put in pretty much in the same category with Fat Boy.
You know, a different compartment of that category.
But you know what I mean.
Just annoying and talks a good game and comes around.
Hi, Appalya.
Another version of that same crap, you know.
But when push comes to the show, everything he does is just screwed up.
That's your boy, PD Linney, baby.
He's the best.
25 hash 10, a QMR lineup today looks like this.
Why don't we got the jerk show from 2 to 4 so I guess it's not perfect.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Dolphins all ass-sess with Jimmy Cifalus and Joe Bailey 7 to 9.
And then a VH-09 to midnight.
So we got a couple of holes in there, but you know.
You'll sit so close to the water you can taste it.
It's why you drove to the beach.
It's my pick for this week's Niels deal Oceans 2, 3, 4 in Dear Field Beach.
Every week we bring you a fantastic restaurant and save you tons of money.
And Oceans 2, 3, 4 is more than fantastic.
Just inches from the sand.
Oceans 2, 3, 4 serves the lights that will amaze your taste buds.
Begin with the delicious appetizer like the Seared Tuna,
lobster fritters with Caribbean chutney, or shrimp and steak quesadilla.
The entrees are superb like the crab and crusted chili and sea bass,
Seared scallops, mechadini, dolphin or king crab legs, fresh succulent and delicious.
You'll find ribs, chicken, your strip, or filet for the land lovers.
Oceans has live entertainment to a gorgeous weight stack,
and the cocktails you just like you like them.
And Thursday's at noon, the store opens.
While every Thursday on our show, log on to wthn.com and buy $100 certificates for which this 50 bucks
for a great meal in a tropical ocean view atmosphere, Oceans 2, 3, 4 at the end of Hillsborough Boulevard in Dear Field Beach.
Look for the water you can't wait to order at Oceans 2, 3, 4.
The biggest name of the best town of New York is no Roger's,
435-60-QAM, the fourth leader.
You know, God.
I can't believe it.
It's been a while since I've known that you've always come and have shown.
It's been a tough time to love the haters and tell you that they're both.
You know, the way it's all over has the most of the holds our show.
Who did it and how you gonna buy?
Who did it and anybody care about proving Friday's time?
Who did it and all the way, goes to heaven yet, who do you want this time?
Who did it and all the way, go to heaven yet, who do you want this time?
Who did it and all the way, go to heaven yet, who do you want this time?
Who did it and all the way, go to heaven yet, who do you want this time?
Oh yeah, some good Kelly and Florida.
I'll say that for him, but that's about the size of it.
That was, uh, it's like he never even was in a campaign, you know what?
Rosie?
Fred Thompson, Rudy.
There were some of these people who were like, not only also a man, but never a man.
Okay, here's Brandon came through for today.
We've, we've tried to do this for a while and I guess we're desperate enough today that we will.
Not worded properly, but nevertheless, I've fasted to air, come sure, Eric will clean up the agrarian.
We wanted.
What did he fuck out of business store?
Which one do you miss the most?
Okay.
Here's the list we have so far.
Jordan Marsh, Bird Eines, J. Byron Slash Upton, who's that the same thing?
I don't know, I'll take your word for it.
Grand Union, extra, remember they used to have to beg your own?
Like in Europe, you have to beg your own groceries.
Don't you hate people that say groceries?
Why do people say that?
I don't know.
Say we say it.
People say Illinois's, right?
Monkey Awards, Zer Slash Ains.
I don't know, I remember Willie Ains, I don't remember no Ains store.
You?
Yeah.
You do?
Yeah.
That was Zer Slash?
Zer Slash became Ains for like five minutes as it like while they were coughing up blood, like so.
Oh no, and then we were like, uh, I'm dying out of here.
That was the end of it.
For more words, records and Jefferson's, which Jefferson's was, uh, same as Mucky Ward,
was owned by him, what different stores?
I don't miss records.
Oh God no.
Jack Hacker died, didn't he?
Oh, I let's have a party.
Woo!
Well, what if our missing right winner, he was Manel, another one of those who was perpetually
running for Orifice, always running for something.
Governor, uh, dog catcher, you name it.
Candidator.
Jack Hacker, not a good guy.
Dead.
So that's the list we got so far.
You guys come up with anything else to add on there, because I'm sure Eric will have that up there
momentarily and probably re-worded so it reads, uh, grammatically correct?
We don't want to embarrass Brandon and show his, uh, you know, if he would have put it in
next by Newell, I'm sure it would have come out more grammatically correct.
Well, let's say you fucked out of business to, uh, which one, which, which defunct out of business
to where you missed the most?
That's why it shouldn't have, uh, read, right?
Right.
I mean, there's, uh, we're not including restaurants on here.
No, that's not what we're doing today.
Right.
Lums and wags and, uh, you know, we could do that again, but I mean, that's a categorical
idea.
Oh, we can do that again like tomorrow.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Hey, listen, you just got through a sentence of minute ago, man.
All these people that ripped the polls, you come up with it.
And look at that footsie guy.
Oh, brother, it's not easy.
He's the definitive example of a cop-out, talk about mailing it in, talk about sending
without even a post-it stamp like I said the other day.
What's your favorite, which is the best piece of your name?
It is one against the other one every day.
And it just took it a time for about six months.
And now it's what's the- I bet you still got that what's your favorite burger.
I bet you.
Let's see.
Let's see, footsie, what do you got?
Hey, footsie.
Uh, footsie street.com.
Boy, that place is going in the toilet, you know what?
And they got Dave Lamont on the air in the morning.
That must smell really bad.
Okay, what's the poll today?
Oh, yeah.
We're going to find the best burger in South Florida.
Chapsle, fashion hamburgers in Oakland Park in Papano and tobacco road in Miami.
That'll go on for about eight months.
Where's your favorite?
What's the best burger?
And one at a time.
You know, like, uh, I mean, you could take that poll for one day.
I mean, we do those kind of polls for one day and make a list of about, you know, 20, 30, 80, whatever.
Right?
Not footsie, uh, footsie.
The election in Texas is more than half over before primary day and estimated 60%.
Or two million of the three point few million total voters cast their ballots early.
Texas Secretariat State Phil Watson said today the estimate is based on the slightly more than one point two million who voted in the 15 most
populous counties during a 10 day period that ended February 29.
Texas is well on its way to a new record for turnout in a primary election.
Wilson said.
Rah, swelry and Barack Obama urged supporters to stop in a chopping centers libraries or county court houses to cast their ballots early and beat the anticipated primary rush today Republican presidential
contenders John McCain and my cockleberry also campaigned in Texas.
The voter interested on the closer democratic race.
The Secretary States or if it's tally for the 15 most populous counties showed that 890,000 plus or 11.39% of registered voters in those county voted early in the Democratic primary.
More than the text system current credit party has seen in the past two presidential statewide primaries for early and election day voting.
Harris, Dallas and Vexar counties had the largest numbers of early democratic voters with 400,000 plus ballots cast in person by male and those three counties covering Houston, Dallas and San Antonio.
The biggest percentage with a turnout among Democrats was Hidalgo County and the predominantly Hispanic Rio Grand Valley were 18% registered voters cast ballots.
On the Republican side, 3.88% 333,000 registered voters in the 15 biggest counties cast the ballots.
3.88% what was the Democratic number?
11.39% wow their 12.75 million registered voters in the state Texans cannot to cast ballots in the Democratic Republican primaries and attend the caucus held by the party after the polls closed tonight.
Let's have a party maybe after the polls closed. Texas Democrats award their pledge presidential delegates based on a combination of primary voting and caucusing nobody can figure it out including them and Republicans award their pledge delegates solely on the outcome of the party's primary vote.
Wow I'm exhausted here's George. Hey how you doing everybody? That internet thing was just more than anybody should have to deal with.
Sure. Am I right? You heard it. I mean for years for two years I had to do that like on a weekly basis nothing had helped anything but I have a different company now so everything's fine.
Really? Yeah. Oh I don't want to get into that. Nope that's not. Okay let's see which out of business stored you Mr. Most very good Eric good wording there. I'm as Jordan Marsh I'll tell you right off the bat. I like you're in martial art. I was still there. I think so.
Because when I go in there is never any customers. I like fillers also it's in the same place. It's in the same place plantation where Jordan Marsh used to be. If my man was going to get one of the public lake small and they also have one over the the gay LaRia.
Well we got the new pull up there thanks to Brandon and thanks to Eric and thanks to me and thanks thanks God. Not that it means all I must but you know you got you got to make it look it is opposed to just mailing it in.
I got an email from Jolly Joe Bella last night at least I found her last night email they said it at 12 30 in the afternoon. How could I have not gotten it before the show was over? I don't know.
Because I checked my Yahoo and my email a hot mail over and what was he asking you why you're taking off it did? No it was not why did somebody ask you that?
Yeah him. And what did you tell him? I said because he wants to. I said because he's a slacker and he know you didn't what did you tell him.
I said because he wants to because that's what he does when he wants to take off he takes off when he wants to.
What kind of an answer was that because I got a trip I got a plan to come. Yes of course I told him that I said when he schedules his trip. And what did he say?
He said oh I just didn't know if there was anything wrong. I said no he's just a slacker I think you have to pay him hourly.
What does that mean? If you do contract you have to pay him hourly. No but what does that mean if there's anything wrong?
You'll have to ask him reply to his email. I already did. He sent me a very nice email about how great the show was on Friday the anniversary show.
By the way I got an email from said this morning talking about how great the show was on Friday. I was. Yeah it was.
The audience isn't coming forward with much of anything but everybody out the radio people understand what a good radio show is.
They thought it was damn good and so did I. And he's asking why am I leaving on Friday at noon because they have travel plans. I'm going on vacation jolly.
That's what you should have told him not because he wants to. You are such a militant. What difference? What difference is it? It's an entirely different he knows.
He better know why did he ask you that? What do you mean why? I just don't understand why did he ask you that and how did he know I was leaving at noon on Friday?
I said everyone in email reminding them because they never remember when you tell them when I told them when I got a vacation and I got a vacation.
I got a vacation and I got a vacation. I got a vacation and I got a vacation.
He wanted to show me after the show. He wanted to know why. He wanted to see me after the show. Today? No yesterday when I had a.
You see him after the show? I saw him after the show. And he said why? He's me leaving at noon and I said he's a slacker.
Oh you're just taking you should pay an hourly maybe you won't do that anymore. You're fair.
Okay here's the final result on the hazing pool. They liked it 1132 vote. Got the new one up there now.
Verdines is taking the early lead. Now they are in a business right there all macy's now is that correct? I think so.
Hazing is unacceptable behavior 462 people said that. Hazing is gay 398. Gay. Stupid but harmless 110. Crazy 108 and just kids having fun only 54. Simple didn't said that.
I guess they're not parents of kids that like died from over you know OD or all the other stuff that happens with hazing. Right.
I'm not saying it happens every day but if it happens once it's too much. Which out of business story you missed the most.
I bet you the facts are pouring in here with the suggestions not 17 votes. Brutine 700 March for zero's aims three.
Jefferson's one Woolworth's one. Maybe they missed the soda fun. We've encountered their Woolworth's remember that? No. Yeah do extra one and non for records monkey ward.
Grand Union or Jay Byron slash. Upkins. Jay Byron's boy that was a really now we're sure that it's gone right?
Nope we're not sure I'm not sure about anything. Jay Byron's you see Jay Byron's around anymore for years.
Oh my god you if they were giving me the merchandise for free.
What's his name? The best out of me.
I'll be okay. I'll be okay. I'll be okay.
That is damn it.
What's up. Morning the following contains material not suitable for people with electricity.
You love watching girls go wild during spring break in Daytona. But are you ready for the wild action of spring break in Pennsylvania?
That's country. It's almost girls gone wild.
What the hell is this? Show us the years.
Amish girls gone wild. The video that will raise more than just your barn.
You'll see sexy Amish babes getting rungy in a totally un-enhibited free fall.
I'm not fuck a woman. Turn that fucker.
Order Amish girls gone wild today and receive a bonus video on this wet stocking contest.
It's 30 minutes of sexy self-stocking action.
We're in a taste shit. True weird.
Revealed by an 18-night-eat-lulman.
Don't delay. Order Amish girls gone wild and amish.
West stocking contest for only two quilts and a goat.
By the way, using the telephone book off skill your soul.
1035 we left off panting pride.
Off to lose. Oh, the trade. Are they gone?
Yeah. No real way.
A story's once they're gone. They gave. They're again.
And they don't come back.
Guess who died by the way. You shouldn't have started the show with us.
Now we start with the dense lumber.
Resolved by the fucker. Who?
We left Buckley. No, yesterday.
I don't know.
Well, Sunday. I never heard of them.
That's why it's not. It was not all of them.
They were making such a big sinister about around the news here all day.
Oh my god. You thought that the world was coming to an end.
Jeff Healy.
Who?
Oh.
I know Roger Healy from I dream of Jeannie.
How about Glenn Healy from the Islanders in the...
Let me see.
Well, Healy Roller states,
a claimed jazz in rock guitars. Jeff Healy is remembered Sunday as a musician of rare ability.
Who had a wicked sense of humor.
And a generous nature as fans of bandmates mourned his death at 41 following a battle with cancer.
His ability must have been very rare.
Well, you listen to this. He was born blind.
Very, very shortly after the age of one.
This is a sad story. And you're like again, being a bastard.
Just like you were with Jolly Joder.
Oh, Neil's taken off because he wants.
Well, you know everyone knows you can make travel plans for whatever they have.
Yeah, you're an interesting part of it is what you'll remember this back in the day when I used to take my vacations.
I used to leave like on Thursday, right?
And take Thursday and Friday plus the next nine days, right?
Right.
So Jolly Joder doesn't know how good he's got it, okay?
Come and see me after the show.
Bandmates of Canadian rock and jazz legend, Jeff Healey were mongo shocked by the news of his death Sunday.
Healey died Sunday evening in a Toronto hospital surrounded by family in a bandmate, Colin Bray.
Bray the bass player, which Jeff Healey is jazz wizards and the frontman's longtime friend, said he and many others expected the guitarist to rally from his latest illness.
I don't think any of us thought this was going to happen. Bray said in the telephone interview.
We just thought he was going to bounce back like he always did.
Healey had battled with cancer since the age of a one when a rare form of retinal cancer known as retinoblastoma claimed his eyesight.
Bray said Healey had been hospitalized for a week that his advanced lung cancer made his final hours difficult.
Healey had undergo numerous operations and received use to remove tumors from his lungs and legs.
Bray and fellow bandmate Gary Scriven.
Remember their frontman is not only a world-fasc musician but an incredibly strong person with a capacity to motivate those he worked with.
Can we put pantry pride on him? I guess we didn't have any votes yet. It'll get some.
I'm trying to remember if I like pantry pride or not.
It was fine.
It was okay.
Scriven called Healey inspirational and praised a boundless enthusiasm allowed him to continue performing live only four weeks before his death.
He drew a strength from somewhere. I don't know where but it spread among the band and flowed into the audience.
Scriven said and it goes on and on and on.
His true love was jazz. The genre of the dominant is last three albums with a jazz wizard. They never heard of him. I never heard of the jazz wizards.
His final performance was February 7th at God Rich Ontario. I never heard of that either.
Nessa Blues is slated for North American release April 22. His first rock album in eight years and I always did.
Healey's back on the album by the resident band of Jeff Healey's Roadhouse. The Blues Club he founded named after a 1989 Patrick Swaisy moving which he appeared.
The album features two live tracks recorded last month of his life. The Grammy-nominated musician survived by his wife Christy and two children.
Daughter Rachel 13 and son Derek 3.
Jeff Healey is dead.
Who?
Oh my God.
I know. That's what I'm thinking. Well, I mean, you know, people are very upset about here.
You ought to be too. Oh, jazz, my ass. Oh, he has my cave. Oh, we get a sexy. Jesus God.
There is a he's pulling the running. It's important. My husband. What a silly goose. A silly old nut job.
Also is the other one.
Which out of business stored you missed the most. We changed the poll. How do you like that? But see how you idiot. You quizzling. Don't forget Friday morning.
We got the trend coming out at 10 o'clock.
And then I guess if we do well, I can leave it noon. And if not, I have to stay like four. That's right.
Missed my plane.
Why is it me leaving it noon? What does that mean? What I don't understand the question.
Don't you? I mean, don't don't people like clearance. How often is clearance there? Every time it's a basketball.
You mean even if it's not you and that's everybody's picks up a basketball. Clarence is offered today.
Listen, that's important.
What do you mean by that? Well, the basketball, yeah, I forgot. Sorry, I forgot.
It's right. And my vacation isn't important. No, you being on the air is important. And if you start shaving off extra vacation time for yourself then somebody needs to know why.
And if she have office, that? Yeah, that's probably don't.
Fifty by do. I'm gonna go shave my head before going vacation. Probably Thursday, would they? Maybe if I may be I'll take off Thursday and then I'll shave my head.
Yeah, maybe I'll just take off and then everything.
You can get it waps.
You can call it a joke and come and see him after the show.
Go wax on the scene after the show. Well, he, you know something.
He is sure digging around, digging around, digging around prodding and probing and poking around.
Like I'm sure he wanted to see the kind of response he'd give from me yesterday when he said.
Great show. I was out of town, but I wanted to tell you what a great show was over the top of the anniversary show about Bapabah.
And hope we get to celebrate numbers 33 through 37 together.
He's just probing to see what my response would be. So I wrote back.
Yeah, that's all I was going to show to him. Yeah, 33 to 37.
Yeah, sure. Whatever, whatever that means. You know, maybe maybe not. Who knows? Yeah, sure. He's probing.
See, he doesn't understand. I'd battle like best being left alone. You know what I mean? Just leave me alone.
I show up on I'm supposed to. Georgia's there.
No, no, you don't. You're leaving it new to Friday. You see?
Maybe I'll take a whole day off on Friday. How do you like that? Like I used to.
Always used to take off Friday inside. When I go on this European trip, that's where I times Thursday and Thursday.
Right? Or Thursday and something like that. Yeah. Oh my God. I can't even believe that. I just can't believe it.
I was a little bit head scratchy myself over it. As if it were a new thing.
Well, what does that mean? You've always done that. And so I'm wondering what I've got to play in the catch.
How many other people have how about Joe Rosen is 87 days of jury duty that we had a cover for that I had worked here or something.
I'm more than made up for the two hours on this on Friday. 75 extra hours. I work when Joe Rosen was on jury duty for 75 months.
Come on now. Yeah. I'm not saying that he was upset about it, but you make it sound like he was. I did not. I just told you.
He was that Johnny Joe was not so jolly. He was pissed off and fired up and wanted to hold your feet to the fire to try to give you a make up some answer.
Red in the face.
It wouldn't be the first time.
Which out of business story do you miss the most? Good pull. Thanks Brandon. Brandon saved our yesterday. Man, he's good.
And he just come up with his. What's your favorite sandwich filling paper or plastic? You know, like Charlie B. Charlie B's gone. He ain't coming back.
Such a bastard. That man. Yeah, something there. There's a whole bunch of people on there in that my space. Don't get me started on that because the rest of the audience don't want to hear. There's only 1526 friends anyway.
After all this time it's over it's over a year. Isn't it like a year and a half almost I think?
And so many of these people I'm sure you don't hear from anymore either. Maybe you do. I don't know. Not from Charlie.
A long time. A long time. These people are good close personal friends. I was I was scaring through the other day when I found that thing from that David guy in St. Peter's a real a real lucky.
But you know, I don't I don't have to tell you this. There are people that that you miss and people you don't like when you don't hear from someone.
No, you don't hear from certain people. Hallelujah. All my life is so much better. You know, we're just you know, whatever.
In other words, I can live with them or I can live without them. Yeah, or without them. But some of these people are so chummy and so you know, I mean, it's it. It's just a email.
It's not like a romance. It's not like getting an entire line of the same life. You know, if you don't have insects, then what do you care if you don't hear from them anymore? Well, see, that's all you care about.
I'm not having sex with anybody. I like drugs too. I'm not having sex anymore. I'm giving it up. Really? I would advise against that. I have given it up. I would advise against that. I don't remember how it works.
I'm sure you did. Just vaguely. Just like riding a bike. Yeah, ride this ride. Can't ride. Now that's it by the blues. Magoos. Yes, it is very good. I'm telling me records and all that's the blues. Magoos.
Yeah, right. Good name, by the way. For a band. How about Mr. Magoos? Him back. He still has. That's the end.
It was okay. It was good. I'm great. There was no Jeff. What's his name? It just died. He'll be never heard of it.
I'm telling you the fact that I'm sitting here doing the show today after what I went through with that great guy from India.
Maybe you should leave it noon today. So you're telling me that the guy I spoke to is in India? Everyone's in India now. Yes. From Nelson Patro.
All type of support. It's been a running gag for years now. All type of support is in India. And most customer service. More and more.
There are these huge companies that's all they do now is they train their employees to the phone monkeys essentially.
The one that's not a racial thing. How something like one to me phone monkey. He's coming all the different colors.
Like we have. He's over here. You said that. First you tell me that Jolly Joe is mad or in hell at me because I'm taking off a new one on Friday, which quite frankly I got news for like I said.
You think you're a sliker and he's going to make your new contract hourly. You know something with the numbers he's throwing around it might as well be.
Don't get me started now. Everything has been coming down. He's the kind of guy who can take you when you finally reach the point where okay.
I'll you know we'll see what we've worked up. You reach that point like oh geez. Here we go again. You know. Well maybe he believes in an honest days work.
I have one question. I don't want to easily believe in honest days work for honest days pay.
And you know you do all these dishonest days works. Yeah for dishonest days pay.
1056. I mean I just I still can't observe it. You know. Any more than I can.
I'm looking at the monkey and see what PD Lin he is done to us today. I can't believe it. I just can't believe it.
He doesn't even he doesn't even draw up his wrinkled craggy face. Pete. Yeah. PD. He did. Sure.
To say what you heard it. I had the mic open. He was blame to the fact that we don't have a traffic and continuity department anymore.
I didn't hear him. That was him. Oh yeah.
You know that totally took him 48 hours to drop the ball on this. I had everything in on time and I didn't have any of them.
We don't have done. Pussy here any money. I was giving in here when I said it. What you were. We were leading the whole thing. Where do you were there?
I'm Chris here. I didn't know it was him. Okay. Well anyway. I thought you were telling me that.
I was like Chris. They fired Jen Pudzie. No, that was him. That was me yelling like a maniac over they fired Jen Pudzie. I mean I'm broken up about it.
But you know, I'm like a yell about it.
10.56 at 5.60 W. She went a very strange Tuesday. Good thing I'm going on vacation Friday.
At noon. Anyone. No, I'm leaving. No. I know. I want. Yeah. You gave me the right answer because I want it. Okay.
That's right. You put a good investment of those carpets when you want to last a very long time. So when you hear about the dry cleaning process of dry concepts, the process that I've been using for over 25 years in my house now.
And they're cleaned today and they're taken out slow because your carpets are dry in one of three hours. And when you dry clean your carpets, they stay cleaner longer. The colors are more vibrant and your carpets feel softer than touch.
And in South Florida soaking your carpets in water and steam is crazy in a human area like South Florida.
Dry cleaning is the only answer to do it the right way. So called dry concepts at 9.54. 3.70.778. They'll never let you down. I guarantee it from years and years of personal experience.
Remember, you walk around on your floors all the time just because you can't see that it on your carpets doesn't mean it's not in there.
Let dry concepts help sanitize and clean your home called 9.54. 3.70.778.
Dry concepts have to make frequent cleaning easy to access the fraction of the cost of regular cleaning with their detailed maintenance plan.
So call on at that number 9.54.370.778 and you really can clean today and entertain tonight when you call our good friends at dry concept.
The best talent for this is the new Roger Shell. This is the brand.
In New York, legislation, that's its Congress. Our interrogators can't use cruel and human torture techniques on military combatants, like making them wear panties on their hands or forcing them to listen to Christine Aguilar music.
But they can't do this.
I like that, can't avoid.
Don't you want to get into interrogating military combatants without violating their rights?
It's tickling me, Kimmo, from the makers of Tickle the Yellow Hommies and the Sunni Homemaker eating ball.
Look out to a human.
Let me ask you.
I say, Basketsaur or Basketsaur. I mean, don't you think I know it's Basketsaur? Yeah, I just got the best.
What?
They said best.
Faster.
Sorry, I was getting that.
I said, Basketsaur.
Yeah, you did, but that's right.
I knew this for after all that I've been through this morning. I think it's a murder.
Right. I said anything.
I'm impressed you didn't say ask it.
That's coming up next.
What does that sound like?
That sounds like string.
Just put some strings on it, baby, and strum it. Just strum that thing.
You said strum, right?
Yeah.
For I said strum, rhymes with thumb, grum, and bum, and strum bum.
Well, listen to some bad news. What are we, Clintons? We take a lead over Barack Obama and Illinois.
In Illinois, what does that mean?
What does that mean? Illinois.
This is from Ross' story, which usually are pretty reliable, okay?
In Texas and his deadlocked in Ohio, according to the final Zogby, where the C-SPAN pull,
taken before today's primaries.
Jesus.
The stuff that passes for a newsman, the stuff that they put on in print.
Among Republicans, John McCain holds a sizeably in Texas in Ohio, and is leading in Arkansas,
the home state of former governor Mike Kofferbury, how, and McCain appears to have sealed the nomination.
Wow, how perspiration's on their part.
The telephone survey show Clintons had a second consecutive good day, and now leads Obama 47 to 44 in Texas.
Zogby wrote in a release early today, the two are tied 44 percent in Ohio.
It's notable that in Texas 7 percent, in Ohio 8 percent said they're yet unsure about who they're going to support in the Democratic Party race,
even at this light moment.
The survey also shows support to somewhat soft in the race and could still shift in the waiting hours.
In Ohio, there have been no dramatic changes, Zogby said, this has always been close except that now the other side is 0-8 percent,
and the increases come from the Obama column.
It looks like a combination of questions raised about Obama's capacity to lead the military,
it stands on NAFTA, and questions about ethics have shaved a few points off his support.
Right.
So help me, God, if this shrew, if she pulls this out of the sack, it's just, I'm not going to be there.
Clinton hasn't closed the deal yet, but she's picked up some additional support among women and older voters he added,
Obama continues to lead in the big cities of Ohio, and looks like since today is keeping them in the game.
He's been working at hard and receiving the endorsement of the mayor there.
A lot of people have been working at hard.
But Clinton has opened up a big lead among Catholics, which translated means white ethnics.
Oh!
In Texas, slavery had a slight lead in Sunday's polling, which was enhanced by her lead in yesterday's polling,
and those other figures combined into a two-day rolling average of our poll he added,
how did she pull ahead?
She clearly increased her support among white men and Hispanic men,
most of which they based on late campaign focusing on her fitness for military command.
Oh my God, military command, my ass!
Really?
The bitch that voted to authorize Bush to attack Iraq, and she's going to be, oh my goodness.
She also enjoys strong support from white and Hispanic women.
One thing that could prove significant is that much of Obama's recent advances in the Houston area seemed to have dissipated.
Like, where's that magic wine sound you've got?
Oh, sorry.
You're like that.
Just dissipated and thin air.
What does this say?
Good morning, Neil.
Great to on Friday, and how about, what is this?
Macquaries or how have you spell it?
Macquaries.
I just vaguely remember that.
Do you remember it?
No.
Or lorias.
I remember the other word lorias.
Now let me ask you something.
It was lorias.
I hated lorias.
I'll tell you why in the same way.
Right.
Was lorias also service merchandise that one become the other or were they just copies of each other?
I think they were different because I was about to say I like service merchandise.
So, they're not like lorias.
Lorias, I had an experience in their Wilhelm way back when, way back when I had my first American Express green card.
So obviously it's a long time ago.
And I went in there to get like a glass coffee table for my apartment.
Okay.
I pick it out.
I go to the Acastin and come to find out they didn't deliver.
I say.
Well, I mean this is a thing.
If you had a pickup truck, fine.
Sure.
And that's what they told me.
Well, if you had some friend that's got a pickup truck, well I didn't have any friends with a pickup truck.
Okay.
That's not my crowd.
Look on them gay.
Only gay people don't have friends with pickup trucks.
That was your try to tell me.
Yeah, making a joke there.
No, you're not.
And how come you're not leaving on Friday at noon?
I have to.
Yeah, you ought to leave a crystal to him.
Then, then you'll be hearing a different tune from Jolly Joe next time.
Let me tell you that right now.
Well, Dixie.
Yeah, he'll be Wistlin Dixie.
You ought to be.
So anyway, I go to the thing there and I'm very upset because there's no way I can take this table.
Everything was like in a box, you know.
Right?
And you have to take it with you.
And I said, you mean you don't deliver?
Oh, no, we don't deliver.
And I hope you paid for it.
Uh-huh.
And so I went back to the cash here to give me a refund and made a little bit of a stink.
And the manager or assistant manager comes out and says, a lot enough for me to hear.
Get him out of here.
Get him out of here.
And I'm not staying at a screaming or yelling or crying.
I just don't do that.
I can retail joints.
I just don't carry on like a crazy person even though I am one.
And that was my one experience at Illuria's.
In Haya Lea, I believe.
Back when I lived in the Haya Lea and my lakes.
Well, that was your first mistake.
What's that?
Let me remind you of my lakes?
Oh, that was an nasty place.
It was right next to my lakes high.
Uh-huh.
What?
It was an nasty place.
The nasty place.
I told you that.
Oh, you got it.
What are you doing there?
But that's a long time ago, man.
That was my second joint, my second place where I lived.
Mm-hmm.
I started on the beach and, uh, oh my god, in 76.
I had an apartment the size of your thumb.
Upstairs were these Spanish Jews.
Not even Spanish.
Right.
As you might from Spain, real Spanish.
Laud.
Laud.
And I'm stuck in the lift.
I mean, it just, it was like, I thought I would lose my mind.
Are they speaking Spanish?
Yes.
And then I remember turning on the radio the first day that I worked on KAT.
I think I was working three to six of that.
I later expanded to two to six when I started on a 25 or 50 bucks a week.
Thanks, Sid.
Thanks, you call it a cast in time.
And anyway, I'd go home and I'd turn on the radio and Sunday Hersh was doing the sport.
So whatever we call the sportsroom on KAT.
And Sunday's reading the score.
And I thought, there's something wrong with my radio.
I know I've put it this before.
But it's a sunny one.
Time's sunny was a great guy, but he was a piece.
But he had a, uh, a quadri-line.
Well, I heard things like that.
Maybe, uh, you know, he's sat on the vibrating chair while he got broken.
I don't know, but it sure is how I had a lasting effect.
I'll tell you that.
Yeah, that's kind of like what he was.
I thought, what's wrong with my radio?
Is there something?
And then he had an operation, I guess, and he got that fixed and then he died.
Yes.
And what did he have?
He was diabetic.
I, I think he was.
A lot of people that we knew like a Bill Cosford who was a thin guy.
He must have type one by a baby.
He was a skinny guy.
Mm-hmm.
Little guy, about two feet tall.
It's a killer.
Kill the front of it.
Well, I'm doing okay.
My sugar's not too bad today.
Good.
Didn't need any ice cream yesterday.
Good.
No, I did.
Oh, damn it.
I had one score ice cream cone.
You ever seen those?
Yes.
I had popsicles, fudge sickles, yes.
Oh my god, not the real ones.
You mean sugar free or like with azucar, man?
Real fudge sickles.
Real full one.
Real strength fudge sickle.
That's like eight like eight.
Old fudge sickles.
Oh yeah.
Welcome.
They make, the problem with those is, just like the popsicles, the sugar free ones, they're
addictive.
Well, we're going to, here's four people with Ron Paul from President signs.
Why don't one of the people do that?
Why did they do that?
What did they do?
What?
That.
What's their time?
Oh, please.
Have you done this for a while later?
Oh, you know.
Are you afraid of Ron Paul?
Oh, yeah, I'm terrified.
Be afraid.
Uh-huh.
100 votes even on the new poll.
Nice going there, Chris.
We got a good shot at something.
I don't know.
Whatever.
Case of Ross or Rob.
But it's over 100 now.
104.
Look at that.
There's a McCain insane.
There's a sufficient number of delegates with victories in Vermont, Rhode Island, Ohio,
and Texas tomorrow and move on to the, the, the, the, I think this is the new thing
in America.
I think we're going to find the craziest candidate in making president.
It worked with W.
I mean, like a charm.
Of course, they had a steal at one in Ohio, but nevertheless, we found the, uh, the craziest
one and put him in there.
And I'm a cane without any shadow of a doubt.
It's crazy than a bed bug.
You know, I think maybe it was like a delayed reaction all those years as POW.
Bum bum bum bum bum.
Friends.
Bum bum bum bum.
Friends.
Which out of business stored you, Mr. Mostron, not doing restaurants will do that another day.
Like soon, you can be sure it's going to be soon.
Unless somebody starts sending us some good polls.
Hold your breath.
You can stop Charlie B. He ain't going to be contributing anymore.
No, you're at your stoddy attitude.
That's right.
F mirror stimulus package.
That could be the best, uh, poor choice we've ever had.
F mirror stimulus package.
No, F.
F like E.
E.R.
M.E.R.
A.B.
D.
Yeah.
A.B.D.
Oh, I'm looking through this pile here and believe me, I'm going to sit on Heinrich Himmler.
It's a challenge.
It is.
But I got that history on there.
Thanks to Eric and we can go back and we can go back to the beginning.
What do you think about Ilyon?
Hey, I'm the baby Jesus.
Just remember that.
Oh, I forgot about the, yeah, Jesus or he's same crap.
Anything about the G and the same bird days up.
I had it first.
Now did Jesus was his last name like Hernandez or something like that?
Kate Rice.
Which out of business a story you missed the most.
104 votes.
Bird Eines 35.
Overpriced.
I liked it that nice merchandise, but very expensive.
I had a bird Eines credit card though.
World was 15.
Jordan March 10.
Now that was a good story.
Had same merchandise as bird Eines only not nearly as expensive.
So why do they go out of business in South Florida?
Are they still out of business everywhere?
I'm going to Google it during the day.
Don't know.
Because the first year they were in New England, China.
They were from Boston.
Zero size Aims 9.
Accord date.
Oh yeah, sure miss them.
Like poison.
Are all of them now?
What is it?
CDS.
24.
Whatever.
CVS.
Extra six.
Grand Union six.
Exers where they had the big family size.
All right.
That's real sorry.
Everyone had alcohol seen right in that day.
Bring your own ladder.
He was eating it out of the box by the handful of family size.
You could have fed 700 Chinese soldiers with that.
Right.
It was like a refrigerator size box.
Grand Union six.
J. Byron slash up in six monkey ward five.
Panty fried four.
Jefferson's two.
Service merchandise one.
And how come we don't have luria's on there?
But I've never hated them.
But Cory's none.
So what's wrong with that?
Maybe somebody misses them for Christ's sake.
I'm a service merchandise.
Get him out of here.
Get him out of here.
Get him out of here.
There's money back.
Get him out of here.
Fort like the five sixty two AM.
The fourth leader.
That's a good one.
Go get him out of here.
Go get him out of here.
Go get him out of here.
We're down in Jamaica in the catapult beam.
They got the best herb that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table of wood.
They tell you this different tree where they're going to be good.
Ask them and ask some he want to sell.
And from a mile away you can detect this smell of stone.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up this cliff and smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gonna be good.
You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke every day until you're long sun black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists come here and say,
There's nothing like this in the US.
They smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and smoke.
They begin to cough and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're gonna be good.
Mama tell my son you are an awesome man.
You like to smoke the giant stick whenever you can.
Many people come here for miles around.
A bite you hurt for you by the ounce of paper.
Last time I said to her,
I'm alright.
They can be good tonight and then they smoke.
Oh, smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up this cliff and choke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They're guns of people.
Absolutely.
Come on.
Let me point you at 560 WQ and here's a bunch more for the poll.
Okay, ready? Are you poised and prepared?
On poll poised.
Builders square.
Alright.
Far more.
Okay.
Peaches.
Alright.
And what about specs and they still there and they gone?
I think they're long gone.
Huh?
I think they're gone.
And what's they're gone?
They're gone.
They're gone.
So they're over moot point anymore.
What do you mean by that?
CD stores, you know, because nobody's buying music like that as much as they used to.
What are you trying to say?
The people are downloading music now, both.
Yeah, stealing is the only thing.
Ealing is the band player.
Legally and everywhere.
Maybe they got played a fish.
You ever think of that?
A play to fish.
Bass player.
Now you said interjection to that point.
So what's wrong with you old man?
I was picturing him playing a bass.
I was telling you this morning, it's a miracle I'm even here doing the show.
I don't want to start belly, it can but man go right ahead.
You believe it?
That whole issue.
How do I, you know, you got to give me credit for a dying old queen, man.
I sure, you know, did pretty good.
I hold you up as an example most of the time when people have comp you fear, irrational comp you fear.
Yeah, the women type.
If I can do it.
Right.
I say anybody can do it.
I say if an ancient old faggot.
But that's not true.
Who the hell installed these then, then in the CD, put a Dex in here.
I did.
Right.
Who the hell did paint this thing for some reason?
I did.
Right.
There's an irrational fear of computers for some reason.
And as you know, it's not all that complicated.
But I lost it at the time, it's a breeze.
Right.
How about Mervyn's and incredible universe, Zalox?
Mervyn's and incredible universe was good.
Was it?
I guess too good.
What was it like sound advice?
It was no.
It was like a super store.
Right.
Right.
A Best Buy.
But huge.
That the best season.
But still.
It was almost like a warehouse size, basically.
And Mervyn's?
Sure.
Wasn't Mervyn's like kind of like a clothing store.
Anyway, right far as decided to return from the NFL after 17 seasons.
I can't believe that Clarence isn't in their screaming and wailing and curing on since it's a sports story.
It feels wrong with his place.
What sports story do we have the other day that they weren't paying any attention to?
Was something big?
Remember that Chris?
What was it?
Last time I remember.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah, I remember some major big fat, hairy ass development to a place.
And I found it there on the internet.
And these people were like, oh, but it beat, but it beat like that, you know.
They didn't care.
He's had one of the greatest careers in history at the NFL.
He's able to walk away from the game on his own terms.
And not many players are able to do that.
Packers general manager Ted Thompson said today,
Farves agent Bus Cook said the 38-year-old quarterback told him his decision last night.
I'm glad to see it because he gets on my nerves.
I don't like him.
I'm not saying he's not a great player, but he had something about him bugs me.
Maybe the fact that he's such a Yehu, you know.
He's a Yehu, maybe.
Nobody poised far off the door, but then nobody encouraged him not to go out there.
Or either Cook said by phone from his head.
His birth misses of the Orifice.
Fox Sports first reported a day that the Packers quarterback informed the team in the last few days.
ESPN.com said according to Farves agent, the quarterback told Coach Mike McCarthy of his decision.
The news was a surprise release.
One of his teammates, most players expected Farve to return after a successful 2007 season.
I just saw it come across TV, Packers' Library Steve Recording Robinson said,
or reached out to his cell phone by the AP.
He just saw it on TV, well.
The 38-year-old Farve, a three-time NFL MVP, one of the NFL's grittiest players,
has made his annual flirtation with retirement of what her tradition at Wisconsin.
He's taken weeks and even months to make his decision after recent seasons,
which he's had, hanging on his every word.
He broke several career records.
Among them was Dan Marinos, career mark for career touchdown passes.
He powered the Packers to an NFC North title, and a 13-3 record of a season record earned his ninth Pro Bowl spot.
They give me spilties, man, to pack his up.
I don't like him.
Of course, the giants are like a lot less, but nevertheless, they got hopped just at the right time.
Just like the Panthers that one season went.
They went to the Stanley Cup finals, the Year of the Rat,
and then lost four straights of the Colorado Avalanche.
I'm in the 43 votes at a pop, bigger part.
Yeah, well, you know.
I know what.
They come up with you.
What do you know about it?
Were you throwing rats?
Yes, I was.
Yeah, ahead, you were.
I remember being at work and working the night shift at our publics.
And so one of these stockmen would have a little radio, and he'd tell us the score.
What's going on?
We love the Panthers.
It's Make Believe.
Yeah.
Make Believes.
Let's check out the races from last time it would by, and what do you say?
Here's the 10th race, $12,000 Claiming Race, $12,000 Claimers, first 10,000.
Jackie Moe is in here.
All you got to know is Jackie Moe and Mark McDonald and Chris Christopheroo
and Mario Bayar-John and Jodie Jameson.
Hey, Jodie.
Number six.
Oh, look at the slot.
They're racing in the slot.
Don't you love that?
You know, because you see one of these days once you get really hooked on a horse racing.
And although I don't think you'll find that, it comes to the...
Because it swings into the stretch of the Panthers.
They got the what?
They got the what?
They got the what?
They got the what?
They got the what?
They got the what?
I love that.
They got a lot of horse racing out here, man.
I was looking for a ride at this time, too, and I had the races from last time.
They got the what?
And they'll be around.
Crossed in to get a seat.
Fourth Pilgrims, place in a way.
Fifth, Danny Schroeler.
I just need the millilocks.
I keep thinking they're reminding us of the actual racing, so he's me going off and floating up on the horse.
He had a major issue in the Claims horse.
Dream Drop, Hannover, is trailing in ninth.
Into the opening turn, front end, still is...
I got a release for it.
They had a mistake there in the air, but they were pulling on a brandy way over the time.
last year they have his name before that first fraction back in its second
russlin there was no need to leave the
m6 of five is a box
right now for which comes the money and there goes your money
the mites darker on the attack of the
missalix makes it's way towards the
afwaiow point in shining armor dealing with that prompted the
mibrary
here on the outside and right on by for the front end
the female third russlin good time sense
we have time for that
although there are a couple of more i think i think that twelve last night
i thought you were getting big into the horse racing i thought that was
going to be an integral part of our show
i have a car and i can't have a hockey and horse racing baby
hockey and race racing just like with everything else if i can't participate i'm
not interested
well didn't participate in the races of galls dream
yeah yeah but i'm not there now i can't that now
why not right now
why not because i'm not there
i'm stopping russlin good time now angled out go step aside Larry three white
i think the three drive some totally
james and shok metal branch frank
three quarters in one twenty seven two fifths they're off the turn and into the
stretch like he's making a break and it off
james and charging shining armor made a great
sense of baby
oh my god that didn't fall down yeah you jumped it off
why did they say that he jumped it off
they say a lot of things you know they
yeah that's all that's a good pull someday the dumbest expression of them all is
but there's so many we have we have to like footy and do that like every day for
like six years was done that before but that's what you could do it
at least once a year because there's a whole new back every year you know yeah
hundred forty five votes on the pool incredible universe don't have any
what about peaches peaches don't have any and scratch doesn't have any
uh... back to still around someone says on the facts
and they also threw in a good choice vinyl play world although they said
lino's play world
i don't know if you remember them
yeah sure what you can't write so put that on there and take space on
please
get a little
you know his knowledge
four to five sixty qa m
and they
for it's later
pretty and dumb as dirt
hello
hello
yeah
yes you are
this is poor but
right
poor but
good uh...
you tell me if there is a paper only
that's the only here
yes there
only one month
cronie
adding
fuck
concentrier
you
sorry
aura
p
get
Bennett
f
pewdie
true
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Still there, let's get it off of there, we don't want to make any, and also Brandon says SNH Greenstam stores Okay, okay, what? I mean, yeah, the stores are gone because they ain't no Greenstam anymore but I googled it and according to Wikipedia currently the company operate they were bought out by San Francisco based pay by touch on December 7 2006 for a hundred million dollars in cash and stock currently the company owns SNH solutions
and offers SNH Greenpoints, a digital version of Greenstam which can be earned online and participating grocery locations. There are some people say grocery locations. Get your groceries at, you know, some grocery. Yeah. It's pretty gross when you say that is where I hate that. Can't stamp. Anybody says groceries? How do we shot? Yeah, well, don't get me started. About what? Jewelry? Jewelry, yes. Jewels. That's like made from jewels. Let's jewelry. Let's like, we really, we really want to
go on all day. Maybe we could take a poll and nuclear, which misused word. New killer, the most nuclear. Right. Mm-hmm. Unless you were a literate president, how can you got me back on a race you network here? I don't, I'm not, you know, because of learning to be a degenerate gavel. I was at it. So here's the least press conference coming up about what? About the fact they're not going to make the playoffs for the third year in a row. Everybody knows that. Let's get some hockey on here. What do you say?
Do you need to go on your flight? And I do the Washington, and I do. Again, capitals tend to runes too. Austin Bruins. Let's make note as well that all our polls they did come into finish.
Crystal Ball UA taken out. He was feeling some backstasms. It's precautionary not believed to be serious. But the caps now pulled in three points of the Carolina Hurricanes for top spot in the Southeast Division.
Woo, heavy duty, baby. We love the panthers. Let's get those rats. Oh my god. Talk about fake and phony and airzonts.
Hey, ref, you suck.
It's just it, it imprimizes South Florida. Everything that's wrong with it is the panthers franchise. Go into those games and being in the middle of a bunch.
People on the cell phone expect a bunch of the older Miami arena wasn't so bad. As strange as that may sound. The atmosphere in there because it was small.
When it was packed, which wasn't that often, but when it was it was an electric atmosphere, but in the new arena, which is usually at least half empty.
All these plastic a holes under a cell phone. Oh, hi, Frank. How you doing over there in section 102?
Oh, you would know that because you don't code any games, but I have you have gone to hockey in the day. Yeah, when was that back in the new building?
I think I went to one of the new building in the Macarena.
Free ticket lock course, you know, oh, of course. While Senator John McCain is nearly wrapped up the Republican presidential
nomination, he apparently still hasn't wrapped up his own party.
According to a Fox News Watchtower in Times, Rasmussen reports pull out today. Republicans like Senator Barack Obama, nearly as much as they like McCain, Republicans.
The survey or likeability isn't indicative of whether they vote for Obama over their own nominee, but it could suggest problems for McCain down the road.
Should Obama become the Democratic nominee, which were waiting on Pins and Eagles for what's going to happen today?
Aren't you on Pins and Eagles? Not. Aren't you going to watch the returns at least tonight?
What's tonight Tuesday? Maybe. Depends on if I'm home.
You can invite PD Lenny over to the house. No.
Equally traveling from Republicans is after the survey show that party supporters think Obama is smarter than McCain.
Wow. Despite facing candidates with far more experiencing your middle band was rated smartest by 26% of those pulled.
More so than swirly who won 22% and McCain who got only 17%.
My recovery from Arkansas governor was fourth with 10%.
The survey determined that a quarter self identified Republicans rated McCain most likeable, but nearly as many 23% chose Obama as most likeable.
And among all of those survey, Obama was rated likeable by more people than swirly and McCain combined.
Underscoring the Illinois Center has appealed the voters across the political spectrum.
There's something about Barack Obama that's hard to capture in polling and its enthusiasm, it's a freshness,
it's an excitement he can generate that'll certainly be a factor in the campaign said Polster Scott Rasmussen.
Mr. Obama said his message in his grand campaigning will help him compete in states
traditionally hostile to Democrats and the poll numbers suggest an opening for that approach.
By contrast, likeability has never been McCain's strong suit.
Even Longshot Republican candidate Mike Huckleberry was rated more likeable in the poll both among all adults and Republicans specifically.
McCain instead is bidding on his national security credentials, invade and kill everybody,
and they're the survey shows him tapping both Democrats combined.
Obama was also wildly popular among independent and third party members, 41% among whom rated the most likeable,
wildly popular, not just popular, but wildly popular. Got it?
Why? Got it. Like I'm wild about P. New Lini and his grotesque performance today.
See I don't understand why Duff lets him you know, he can go sell somebody else's show, okay?
Go do something else. Get away from me. I could talk to you but you know what?
I don't want.
And when you tell me that he was actually in there this morning babbling to me, I didn't even,
for a moment, he was not like his yelling, he was granting and raving about why that spot didn't get on
and why you hadn't gotten the copy and why you know.
Because he's an idiot.
Well that's not what he was saying.
No that's not what he was saying but it's true because it's like a blue and quite wolf syndrome now.
Everything he touches always turns to direct everything has for years.
But it's always got to be somebody else's fault. It's like Randy and the Brook Daniels.
Remember they were always firing the board ops?
Yes.
There was always the board ops fault that their show sucked through the guest didn't show up or something went
over like a print and pull ball.
The grandmothers lined the front.
The morning show when we came over here or whatever that was whichever one.
Yeah.
There was always somebody else's fault.
Oh yeah.
You mean the worst team?
Yeah I think that was them.
With DFO back on here I'm like 1980 on the AM dial.
Not too many radios can pick that up unless you're on Uranus.
How many 81 votes on a new pool now?
What are we doing here today?
What do we got?
What's it all about Alfie?
Are you following it Chris?
What are we having our first one?
Well seasonally high again.
Just go a few hundred and one hundred and thirty four.
1134.
Even I can do that.
See that?
Now that I got my internet spec.
Do you have any idea?
My confidence level that I was going to have the internet by showtime today on a scale of
minus infinity was exactly that.
I thought there were two chances none and much much much much much much much less than none.
How much I was going to have the internet?
And here it is.
So I think even though you're knocking those what do you call them?
Train monkeys?
No that's not what I said.
What did you say by the cycle from India?
I didn't say that about the pool of India.
Train water.
Train monkey.
That's what you said.
That's something I've done.
Train monkey.
Even the more man knows what you said.
So every time you call one of these places you're talking to somebody in India?
If they have an Indian accent?
He did.
Then yes.
That's just an Indian accent.
He that could smell the curry on the phone.
Anyone who answers.
He's okay with me wrong man.
I love some of them Indians.
Oh my God.
So you said.
Oh.
Heavy duty.
But yeah.
He said if they were going to send me a new motor we have to send it from India.
It would take 24 days.
Well, well, in some other words all this outsourcing crab means a lot of these companies only exist in theory.
Correct.
They have like a they have like a turnkey operation somewhere.
They have a male guy.
They have a post office.
Yeah, that's right.
And an office with another phone monkey over here.
Oh, look at this.
Abandoning your pants.
This was.
We're going to like you see that beautiful dog here.
Yeah, I don't want to change it.
It feels like the status booby vision.
There we go.
And that way son of sure wish I could bring that dog out.
But like I said, there are a lot of people I met my space that just abandoned us.
Just let this like cornered right man.
Well, look this on the corner.
If you weren't having sex with them or scoring drugs off of them, why do you care?
Oh, I don't care that much.
All right.
Well, there you go.
You go.
But it's it's it's it's a massive insincereity.
You know, it's a massive like.
Yeah.
I don't need to care.
You know, don't pretend you care and then like then go running away.
You'll sit so close to the water you can taste it.
It's why you drove to the beach.
It's my pick for this week's Niels deal.
Oceans 234 in Dear Field Beach.
Each week every Thursday we bring you a fantastic restaurant and save you tons of money.
And this week Oceans 234 is more than just fantastic.
Just inches from the sand Oceans 234 serve the likes of all major taste buds.
The only delicious appetizer like the seared tuna lobster fritters with Caribbean chutney
or shrimp and steak case idea.
The entrees are superb like the crab and crested chili and sea bass,
seared scallops, mecha, damey dolphin or king crab legs,
fresh succulent and delicious.
There are ribs, chicken, New York strip or filet for the lime lovers.
Oceans has got life entertainment to a gorgeous weight step and the cocktails are just like you
like them.
And Thursday noon we'll open up our store and wqn.com.
You'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just 50 bucks for a great meal
and a tropical ocean view atmosphere.
Oceans 234 at the In the Hillsboro Boulevard in Dear Field Beach.
Look for the water you can't wait to order at Oceans 234.
The best out of two is near Rogers.
We're going to be a 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
What's the matter with the meat?
I'm eating ketchup.
Tell me that you're dying inside.
Maybe I should wipe the view of my collar on the gun,
raking out on some hives.
Oh!
The souvenir nasty old meat to be honed.
My guess they messed up the council's table on the money.
Everybody's spew, and the poop is runny,
cuz it's still rotten.
Everybody's spew, and the poop is runny,
cuz it's still rotten frozen meats.
All right, look 47-13 to noon speaking of old moldy stuff.
How about blockbuster?
Are they long gone?
No, the Thor.
Yeah.
Are they sorry, Brandon?
You're wrong.
There's a blockbuster.
They're still around.
Should I see him here?
Or what about modern age?
I think they're gone.
They're gone?
But I'm not sure.
He says yes, but he also said blockbuster.
And I said, specs.
Well, we make a lot of mistakes on these things,
but you know what?
Big deal.
At least we give them some people publicity,
and I quoted, there is a specs of 202 selfies,
first street in Miami, even though George said,
although those kind of stories, nobody goes there anymore,
cuz everybody steals music.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Now what you said?
Just like you said, how come you're leaving it noon on Friday, Neil?
Just because you're going on vacation, you slacker.
You slacker.
That's what I said in the end.
Jager says,
John McCain was formally endorsed by the Reverend Haguey this past week.
McCain said he was very honored and very proud of the endorsement.
Reverend Haguey is a class A cook,
stark-rating Ned.
He believes someone will unite the whole world together
and bring peace to everyone,
and that person is the Antichrist.
Yeah, God forbid we should have peace,
so Haguey prefers wars instead.
That must be why he likes John McCain.
He wants to preemptively strike Iran to start the festivities,
so will this spring peace later, at least?
No exactly the opposite.
It'll bring Armageddon.
Then nearly everyone will die,
which of course is the great thing,
because biblical prophecy will be fulfilled,
and a few people will agree with John Haguey will all be saved
in life in their asses off in heaven.
On the rest of us will all be dead,
killed by Reverend Haguey's righteous God,
not to be confused with,
Bill God!
This is all very comical and patently absurd,
and it seems literally unbelievable that grown-ass men
would believe something mischievous and stupid.
But I set you a whole hour of the Glenn Bekshow
to make sure I wasn't misinterpreting what they were saying.
You can watch it here.
He's got a link.
By the way, back enthusiastically,
agrees in support for Reverend Haguey,
as he lays out the ravings of his lunatic mind.
Thereby proving my dead right when he says
his heavy Turkish accent,
Glenn Bek is crazy.
Well, we all know that.
Absolutely.
As I read in West all of Haguey's ideas about how
Gog and Megog and Dumbledore,
or coming to come out of Russia,
the United Muslims,
will of course have the worst people on earth
and the minions of Satan.
I thought he looked like an overgrown kid
who was really wrapped up in a great game of Dungeons and Dragons.
The only thing that separates this nonsense
from the and the or Lord of Rings,
the Harry Potter,
which Haguey of course believes is the work of the devil,
is that at least these nonfiction works
will make some degree of sense.
One thought is connected to another,
and you have a nice fable that you can follow along.
And Haguey's version of the Bible,
Jesus comes back to suck up every believer on earth,
they get vacuumed into heaven.
And when the Antichrist comes,
and we eventually walk down the road to Armageddon,
you don't think the rest of us would catch on,
when all the Christians get sucked up into the sky,
we'd still walk happily in the arms of the Antichrist,
even though we just saw all those people
transported into heaven.
Look, I think all the major religions
are the silliest three tales I've ever heard,
but if people start to get sucked up and described by Jesus,
believe me, I'm listening.
I guess they think the rest of us aren't very bright.
Then there's the logical inconsistency of trying to start Armageddon,
as Haguey would like to do,
when the tribulation is supposed to happen first.
That's the vacuum moment I referred to above.
Since the tribulation has to happen first,
Pastor Haguey seems to be putting his carpefors
for horses of the apocalypse.
Like I said, this would be an amusing joke if it weren't for one thing.
It's that all these black jobs have actual power in this country.
President Bush said a congratulatory note to one of
Reverend Haguey's meetings on Armageddon preparations.
Haguey was also invited to the White House to talk with White House
deputy national security adviser, Elliott Abrams.
The pastor came out of the meeting saying,
we felt we were on the right track.
The president regularly meets with Christian right zealots,
like Pad Roberts, and will believe the same insanity.
In fact, the president met with Roberts and right before the Reconvasion.
The White House has a regular conference called with Evangelical leaders every Monday.
Members of the Christian right are placed in an important position
throughout the government as we work with their political support.
Evangelical activist Gary Bauer says,
I think we have had some impact.
That's exactly what I'm worried about.
Jank says.
You know, Jank?
The.
Now they're wooing John McCain.
They would like him to start this fun little apocalypse.
Everyone is so jazzed about it.
The skeptics will say that McCain is using them
and doesn't really believe any of this crap.
First, I have no interest in finding out.
While I have faith that McCain is a liar of the first order,
and he would have to be saying,
and he would have to be to say he is very honored to give this man's
endorsement and in life and in behind his back.
I'd rather not take that chance.
But more importantly, I don't want McCain taking orders from these guys.
The president trying to appease these lunatics by changing our foreign policy
is a terribly dangerous possibility.
John McCain has become the world's biggest pandewer in this election cycle,
is there anything he wants stoop to in order to wrangle up a couple more votes
from the Christian right?
Would he let them influence policy in order to get their endorsement again?
In 2012, it had to be awfully naive to think he wouldn't.
If John Haguey, Pat Robertson and Glenn Beck said in a basement playing
Armageddon while the kids next to them played Dungeons and Dragons,
I wouldn't bet an eyelash.
It's a free country.
Somebody's got to be stupid.
Everyone's got a niche.
Niche.
Niche.
Bitch.
Witch.
Twitch.
Okay, why?
By the way, I would like to pause to say,
I don't mean to integrate the honorable D&D players out there.
The difference between you guys and the Hagueys in the world is
at least you know you're playing a make-believe game
and a make-believe world.
Plus, you probably have 100 IQ points on them.
So the wherever Haguey thinks the Catholic Church is the
great horror and that the Muslims are programmed to cure
and that New Orleans had a coming because they were going to do a gay pride march
and that of the European Union will be the next anti-Christ
and that the whole world will be soaked in blood and most of the people on the
planet will die if we play our cards right.
So what? It's a free country.
You can be vatch-mit-crazy as you want to be.
But I draw the line when someone takes you seriously
when you can actually affect world events to bring about the bloody
conclusions you seek when you have access to power.
Until then, it's schmits and ghettles.
But when they have a presidential candidate in their back pocket,
that's when it becomes our business to point out
how absolutely crazy they truly are.
You can sample for reacting.
Republicans are liars who are just using these half-wits for their votes.
They will never actually listen to them.
After all the Christian right had pushed in their back pocket
and he didn't start a war in the middle east for no apparent reason.
Oh yeah. Oops.
Oops.
So there's what Jank-Uvers take is.
They're well done.
Well said, baby.
John McCain and the fact that these polls,
he ought to have like about 2% in all these polls against anybody.
Yeah, but...
That's America for sign of America.
You should be like him out there.
Sign of America.
A lot of crazy people.
Well, the good book says the Bible says,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
BBB, right.
Armageddon's coming.
The end of the war, when I was a little kid.
Those Jehovah's Witnesses used to come knocking on the door with a watch tower
in a little booklet they were pedaling.
The end of the war was coming.
They're like, I'm a little kid.
You know, like, leave me alone.
I'm home alone.
I'm here with the dog.
I'm watching TV.
Leave me alone.
End of the war was coming.
Yeah, okay, great.
And then very quickly, I learned that when I saw them come up to steps with their little book,
I would just not answer the door.
Or I'd open it and slam it in their face.
Not interested.
Slam, you know, like that.
Bam.
Like all that slamming environment and that great movie vacancy I told you about.
You see it yet?
No.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm anxious for you to see it.
In fact, maybe I'll order it in hand in the center too, like that other one.
Okay.
Okay, well, don't...
Chris, Chris, let's let go.
Right?
Did you see?
I have nothing yet.
I thought you said you seen it.
No, no, I just knew that uh, what's the name?
It was an unhaven seen it.
Okay, back in sale?
Yes.
And who's the guy?
Luke Wilson?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wonder if he's kind of Brian Wilson, you know what?
Do you like it?
Do you like it?
I don't know what Wilson's doing.
They're all dead except him, aren't they?
Deadness?
Then it's his dead.
Carl is dead.
Yeah.
Mr. Wilson from Deadness the best.
Dead.
He's dead.
What about Jane North?
Yay.
I used to hear stories about Jane North.
I think a lot of those stories were made up.
I think it was swishful thinking by some of the queens down there.
Makes sense.
Chris, do you hear about who's that punk singer?
Oh my god, what the hell was his name?
It'll come to me during the break.
Johnny Rodney.
Yeah, Johnny Rodney said that.
You know, Sid Vicious?
Oh, not that kind of punk, okay?
Luke, uh, I don't know.
Luke Helpen, he was no singer.
Hey, Luke, I used to watch it a lot.
You know what?
Watching Luke was no fluke.
Oh, there he is.
When the US is on the...
There's the shrew.
All right.
I've seen a lot of all what's happening now.
I'm surprised we haven't seen Candy Cali there.
As big as the state of Texas.
Humongous turnout, baby.
Humongous turnout.
After the advisor.
Who would be responsible?
The national security advisor would answer the phone three in the morning.
Not swillery.
He would be answering the phone, okay?
Unless it was a spy report that bubbles on the Monica Lewinsky again, you know?
That somebody's on their hands and knees trying to please.
And doing a little sister's squeeze.
So I said bass player, huh?
Yeah.
I got noticed for ever there was a day when I deserve a little uh, something...
Whatever, you noticed I didn't correct you.
Because you heard me go through...
I did.
I heard you crawl in a rail and go off in the gist of it.
I still can't believe I did it.
And the first half hour I was in the other running back and forth in the other room on the regular phone.
I said, could you do me a really big favor and come me back on my cell phone?
Yeah.
I didn't realize he was in India, but then again he's got a, you know, 800 number anywhere.
I'm sure.
And there's another thing, next time that you're uh,
walking around some sort of electronics department,
get yourself a little headset for that library for those occasions.
Why?
So that you can just stick the phone in your pocket and you have your both hands for crawling around.
It's way easier.
See?
Trust me.
Four minutes still new and guess who's still asleep?
I have the biggest name to love.
The best talent you've ever seen in your projects.
Four hundred and five sixty two I am.
The sports leader.
This is Pope John Paul Lind.
And if you ask me, the only thing more fun than playing Grandass with a Swiss guy
is the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Oh.
This is London that's fell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson and today we're going to spell the word to European.
Spellig with me now.
European.
EURO C-E-A-E-E-A-D.
That's a big one.
Now, let's use it in a sentence.
So I said to the guy, I said, hey,
get away from my car.
European on my side.
This is learning to fail with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
Well, at least you like European on your leg anyway.
It's trouble one and five sixty WDQ and the judge showed it too.
Maybe the heat there today losing it and I don't think they played again.
No, they didn't play.
Since they blew that twenty three point lead and lost to who was it.
Sacramento, they lost to?
Correct.
Wow.
Shameful, disgraceful.
Oh, there's Austin Texas, a bunch of Yehu's holding up son.
Slowly, slowly, there's Huzon Malvo.
A Rhode Island as well as Vermont.
Already people beginning to cast their...
Now, what do you think about her?
I think she's pretty attractive.
I don't want to say hot, but you know,
trying hard at taste.
I don't want hearing.
A lot of the vote pennies make up.
Heavy heavy make up.
Are they voting as voters?
Yeah, she's not voting.
I don't think she's that equipped.
State want to give you a sentence.
And she's all right.
I mean, you do her.
True, okay, which?
Okay, can I get to this poll now?
We got good gold triangle we got to add.
Okay.
And also, why don't you go to Sean?
Who sent us a good poll?
By the way, I like this poll.
Did you see it?
Yeah, I did.
I'm sure you read it.
It is good.
No, I did.
In fact, the whole fact here is excellent.
Gold triangle in Western Auto.
Which how to business store you must have most good poll today,
by the way, Brandon.
Thank God for you, man.
Otherwise, we'd be sitting here holding our kneecaps.
220 vote.
Vertis 59.
Woolworth's 28, Jordan Marsh 19.
Service merchandise 17.
Zayr's 13.
Jade Byron's 13.
Equids 11.
Extra 10.
Monkey Ward's 8.
Lionel Playground was a playworld.
Playworld.
A playworld of 6.
Farmore of 6.
Rant Union 6.
Incredible Universe 5.
It was really.
Thank God.
Pantry Pride 5.
Mervins 4.
Macquarie's 4.
Jefferson's 3.
Gold is square 2.
Luria's 2.
And none yet for Western Auto.
Gold triangle or modern age.
Which is someone we just want to honor.
So Sean says Macquarie's was sort of like the five in dime.
I like the Woolworth's and Crescies.
So Cory's, I remember it's like a Schlockster.
I'm not that old, says Sean, but I've certainly missed Western Auto stores
and you'll listen to GreenStamps stores.
If you are a kid, you can go on four books with a stamp from your mom
and get a BB gun.
I don't remember ever getting them.
I'm sure we did, but I'm trying to think of whatever got with the
SNH GreenStamps.
My used to have books for them, man.
Yeah.
And how she's dead.
Also, some were a little incredulous last week about the number of 12
and under responses to oral sex pool.
Check out a documentary on showtime called Middle School Confessions.
And then he goes on to say, remember the stuff we were trying to do when we were 12
and 13 and years before God invented AIDS?
No, I don't because I wasn't trying to do anything, unfortunately.
I wish I would have been, but who wasn't?
One.
Nothing.
Well, just to the way it is when you're gay, you know.
Well, I wouldn't have.
Terrified.
I'll take your word for it.
These kids do it an often, apparently, much like evolution.
The existence of STDs is still only a theory in Middle America.
Well, it's unfortunate.
And anyway, here's a good poll that Sean sends.
Who's the looks of most dramatically decline?
Kathleen Turner.
Oh, yeah.
Kelly McGillis.
Brad Pitt, who's face looks like a roadmap of the moon.
Michael Douglas, president Clinton.
Baba, he's looking bad.
Especially when you get all red in the post, you know.
First, the alley, civil shepherd or Britney Spears.
Now, first, the alley, did she ever have those moments when she really look good?
Because I can't recall.
Yeah, I mean, she's not for you, but she looked.
She had a different, not for me.
What does that mean?
She was just a woman.
But she had a peculiar, kind of good looks, but it didn't last long.
She's not for me.
Right.
Some of the resets, the basis that I would like, uh,
Hello, Jenny.
I just love me.
That's not what's standing.
I don't think that there's a time whenever you would have thought that she looked good.
But she had a look about her that was attractive.
Or here's the other cannon front.
Oh, these little kids somewhere.
Gritty by, by the way, a healthcare system that's not taken over by the federal government.
But the family.
We're all looking like, so who is this dottering old fool?
You know, like, would be like me going out and doing appearances anymore.
Who's this dottering old turd like that?
The euro asserts to a new high against the dollar yesterday,
while golden oil also is truck work.
It's on a turbulent day for global financial markets.
But you know something, let's take a look and see what's going on today.
We don't want yesterday's news.
We don't want no news from yesterday, right?
We want to get right on top of it now for the S&P guy.
Oh, the S&P is up, Nelia, up your ass.
S&P down 17, down 165, and the Nasdaqs down, something I couldn't see it.
They moved it too fast.
Gold, 967.
Look at that.
If you had a whole bunch of gold man, it's worth a lot of money now.
Down Nasdaqs down 27.
Where's the oil thing?
Where's the oil?
Oh, it's down, baby.
It's down to $100 and 10 cent of barrel.
What a bargain.
Let's go on by a whole roll out of barrel.
Remember that song?
Sure.
Roll it out.
Look at that for a moment.
The euro works, he still did.
The euro rose to 152.74 in the middle of afternoon trading,
and fresh evidence emerged of a softening US economy.
It's getting really, really soft.
The plunging dollar was a driving force behind rises in dollar price commodities,
such as gold and crude oil.
Crude at 103.95 of barrel at one point, and gold rose to $989.5 bucks an ounce.
Dollar price goods rising in dollar falls because a weaker US currency
makes them cheaper for buyers using other stronger currencies.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for that worthless American dollar.
Mr. Wipple would be embarrassed.
He wouldn't even wipe your ass with it, Mr. President.
And thanks again for those low gas prices that this spring and summer
are going to be rising up to four bucks a gallon.
Well, look at it this way.
If you only got like a 16-and-a-half gallon tank,
20, 26, that's only 66 bucks to fill up.
66 bucks to fill up your tank.
How much you used to cost to fill up your tank back in the old day, back in the day?
I don't know, eight bucks or less.
Eight bucks?
I don't have once upon a time you could fill up your tank when I had my Camero,
my first one.
You could fill up the tank and deach right for three bucks and change.
Three bucks!
You can't get a gallon of gas anymore for three bucks.
How do you like that?
So thank you again, Mr. President.
You butcher, you bastard, you lunatic, you mania.
I'll burger you idiot.
But then again, I see American way, man.
Like I said, they like crazy people.
That's why the two Republicans left are my Cofflebury and John insane McCain.
What does that tell you about the state of the Republican Party?
They suck?
They're gonna bite the big one.
I hope you never know.
Don't put too much faith in the American electorate.
Okay, we'll see what's going to happen the day and the night.
And there's Cofflebury, Cofflebury.
The Deliberated Body.
And your primary area focus has been one of being a member of a large body of people discussing
things and having the luxury of picking out two or three issues that you could specialize in.
That is a very different platform than when you've actually run a government and you've
had to be responsible for all of those agencies.
Not one or two.
You've never had the luxury of specializing in a couple of things.
But for example, as a...
Until noon, what do you say?
All right?
Let's do it in the morning.
Oh, okay.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
I mean, you just play that over me.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama.
Unless...
Unless...
Unless he got the opportunity to do it.
Man, what a racist, bigoted, hateful, of course, that's Fox Man.
That's that whole right-wing thing.
And now Limbaugh is telling everybody, oh, vote for Hillary.
Vote for Hillary.
You want to know why?
That's who they want.
He wants to Republicans to cross over on vote for a swore.
So they might actually have a chance.
Even though he's poop-poing McCain, and he's not much...
No, he's not enough of a Nazi to satisfy Rush.
But nevertheless, vote for a swore.
Because they could be heard with their eyes closed,
and their hands tied behind their back.
Am I right?
You better.
You believe it.
I like this poll today.
Our goal on this poll is what?
400?
Yeah, about that.
Maybe 350.
Why?
Maybe about 350.
350, we had almost two hours of this crap to go,
and you'd tell me 350.
What's wrong with you?
Have you lost your fiducius, added?
How'd it take you ever had any fiducius?
What is that?
Cucci, cucci, what happened to your fiducius?
Faith.
Where is your faith?
Last orage Michael, she knows about faith.
A protest has been charged with disorderly conduct after a yelling
in former President Bill Clinton during a campaign stop.
How do you like that?
You can't even yell in this country anymore.
The purpose, Christy Collard,
times says that the man was holding a sign saying
the 9-11 attacks were an inside job as Clinton spoke.
The man yelled at Clinton later as the former President
shook hands with a crowd.
Police were approaching the man when somebody in the crowd
grabbed his sign and tore it in half.
The paper says the unidentified man
screamed at officers to protect his first amendment rights.
Police handcuffed the man and took him to a patrol car in
city be charged with disorderly conduct.
Campaigning for the former First Lady,
Democratic presidential candidate, Swarty Riclinton,
he spoke Monday to fewer than a thousand people in a gym at the
University of Texas, Pan-American in Edinburgh,
touching on his wife's plans to reinvigorate the economy,
provide health insurance and make college affordable.
Fewer than a thousand people, Obama goes and they have like
spillover crowds of 20,000 people and she goes or above a
goes and is like, you know,
Plenty of sitting room, not standing room only sitting room, lots of it.
In a 17-minute speech, Clinton didn't mention Barack Obama.
Obama spoke to more than 5,000 on the campus on the same
campus two weeks ago.
Last month, a former president and angry response another 9-11
protestor is roster reported 9-11 was not an inside job,
was an Osama bin Laden job Clinton said at a campaign of
Edinburgh.
We look like idiots denying that people have murdered our fellow
citizens didn't want to continue murder people all around the
world he had it so we heard from you anyway.
You go away.
Go away, Oyeevee.
We heard from you.
Go away, a little girl.
Here's Steve Lawrence and Edie Gorham.
I wonder if he's dead.
They both still live Steve Lawrence and Edie were me.
I think they are.
Wow.
Oyeevee.
Jewish, by the way.
Jewish.
Okay.
Milton Verl.
Jewish.
German.
German.
Jewish, since Easter.
Jewish.
William Schatner.
Canadian.
Jewish.
No, get out of here.
William Schatner is Jewish.
Trust me.
Get out of here.
William Schatner is Jewish.
That's right.
You can't pick and choose, you know.
I'm still living correctly.
Oh my god.
I know he was Canadian but until this moment I never knew that.
First show I saw him out it was a show called Medica.
It was a Dr. Show Course.
Medica.
He was the young MD and Larry was saying
Judge Venton whatever we're in.
Know that bit where he's talking about the young MD
because he's in court.
What kind of pills do you think he was on?
I don't know.
Poor Larry.
And then who the hell was he supposed to be?
Dancer with Janet Jackson a few days ago.
They kept showing that clip and he just kind of gave up.
He was embarrassed because he was standing out there in his bag.
His bag had left a stain, you know.
And the cheer was sticking out of the corner of his pants.
256 votes.
It just goes to show you man when a shister like Larry
can be sitting in that chair.
For the hour.
For the hour tonight.
For the hour we got the Reverend Higgy tonight.
We're going to kiss his ass.
We got Heinrich Himmelon tonight.
For the hour.
I've told you before it's a crazy, crazy world with lots of crazy people.
So do a lot of drugs.
The biggest name.
The best tattoo upon it.
This is my largest sport radio 5.
62 AM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
Hey everybody.
For the testing, we're going to go low.
Come down there and check the pants.
And shuffle our pride out so.
Can't take it going.
Yeah, do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Can't enjoy it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
I'm going to go to the toilet.
Hey!
What the hell is going on?
I'm going to go to the toilet.
What the hell is going on?
I'm going to go to the toilet.
Stand up!
I'm going to beat Shadow and the G.
I was just joking with him.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
I was just kidding.
Oh.
Oh.
From the I see we don't play that one,
look Shadow off and no.
But you'll play one of my immigration next week
and even starting new on Friday.
Yep.
Do you get that all straight now
while I'm leaving the new on Friday?
Because I got my name stuck.
Because I got my name stuck.
I'm going on vacation and I wanna.
Right.
I'm going on vacation.
Jesus!
God Almighty!
Tell my God jury duty for two hours!
Here's a uh, e-mail from juice on my space.
I've got a couple of stories.
Big Daddy lickers.
Is that gone?
Yes.
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
I think they're still around.
Tom McCann's shoe store and Gabe's Burgers, which first of all nobody ever heard of Gabe's
Burgers number two is the restaurant which we're not doing restaurants juice.
By the way, please tell me what happened to former Harold Sportscom this Bob Rubin.
I used to love the show he was on.
Some days with Joe Zagakien's Hermitage, I think she was called Sunnett's Sports Wrap.
Wow, what a show.
Seeing Joe Zagakien TV is better than sexy says.
Oh my god.
Joe Zagakien's sucks, okay?
He's horrible.
And now they don't have his buddy to hump around.
They were to cover up for him.
Oh brother.
Anyway, Bob Rubin, I think what happened is they found out that he was Jewish and they can't
do that.
Remember that?
Yep.
Kind of like what happens at QAM.
They find out you're Jewish.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Because if you're Jewish, you want to be taken extra time off, you know.
A man was arrested after making a threat on the president's life last week during a phone
conversation with a former girlfriend who called 911 authority said in LA.
A bail hearing was scheduled for Charles Madrid, a 50-year-old radio technician who legislates
threat and president pushes like a radio technician, an engineer I guess, huh?
Okay.
You know about those engineers?
Oh yeah.
Oh wow.
Committing this murder is not a murder.
It's making a difference for the people court papers say the former girlfriend, Wanda O'Hickey
Wade, quoted Madrid as saying, I'm going to kill who needs to be killed, he said.
According to an affidavit, LAPD officers arrived at his home Tuesday, one asked Madrid, do you want
to kill the president?
Yes, Madrid said.
It was charged with knowingly and willfully threatening to take the life of the president.
Madrid lives with his mother.
Racial Madrid Hall, he's 50 years old, he lives with his mother.
She can see the Madrid as a temper, but said he's not a maniac.
I think he was speaking out of frustration.
She said he was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis two years ago.
His job at a radio station was cut back to part time, and his bicycle is only means of transportation.
Recently, we're still right off the front porch.
Well, Jesus, he's got to head off, man.
Radio station engineer cut from full time back to part time, like what's his name?
Who is the one in promotions?
Oh, Rolly.
Rolly, Rolly, Poli.
And what was that flea crap you were giving me this morning?
What was that all about?
Flea.
You talking to me?
Yeah.
I don't believe I mentioned it in the sport.
Oh, yes, you did.
You said that when I asked you who wanted to buy me living in New Zealand on Friday, and you first said flea.
It was a joke.
Somebody said flea.
Maybe Chris said flea.
Yes, you did.
Somebody said it.
Play back the tape.
Okay.
Yeah.
Let me play a...
Let me see what I got on this cassette.
Okay.
Maybe it's more of that godfather.
All right.
One moment, please.
You hear anything?
No.
Oh!
I said Janine Dean thing.
Wow.
I'll say it.
I'm sorry that I played that.
Makes me very sad.
Don't you get sad?
He's dead.
Yeah, that's really.
No, he didn't like Janine Dean.
I like him fine, but you know.
I mean, it couldn't sing, but...
Nothing lasts forever.
That's right.
No, that's what my mother said just before she croaked.
Nothing lasts forever.
Those were some of her last words to me.
You know, she's dead.
More than 900,000 people are currently listed as suspected terrorists on U.S.
governments do not fly list, and then number will grow to be out of million by the summer
since the ACLU.
If there were a million terrorists in this country, our cities would be in ruins very
stone-heart, directly the ACLU Technology and Liberty program, said in a press release
from the group.
The absurd bloating of the terrorist watch list is yet another example of how in competence
by our security apparatus threatens our rights without offering any real security.
The ACLU has launched a new website to track the growth of the watch list, which it says
includes thousands of innocent Americans, including prominent politicians at office as
well as people with common names, like automatedish warts.
The group says its count is extrapolated from a September 2007 report by the Inspector General
of the Department of Justice, which reported that the terrorist screening center had over
700,000 names in its database as of April of last year, and that the list was growing
by an average of over 20,000 records a month.
As of the middle of last week, the ACLU said there were about 917,500 names on the list.
Having such an unwealy list as little of protecting its terrorists in the ACLU says, and it violates
the constitutional rights of innocent people on the list, were hassled by our poor security.
Homeland security's handling of the watch list is typical of the administration's blundering
approach to the war on terrorist at ACLU, senior legislative counsel, Tim Sparropani.
Creates sprawling new systems for assifting through the population, through an indiscriminately
broad range of names in the mix fairly or not, and treats the rights of innocent people
as an afterthought.
Right, what the hell are those?
Like free speech, what the hell is that?
When you're on the show, we can't say, and we can't say, that,
no free speech, no more.
Well, there's who's on the elbow in Texas again.
Forges, we're bringing you live and tape from these candidates now, Senator Barack Obama,
certainly campaigning last minute throughout Texas putting a pressure on Senator Hillary Clinton.
Today, he is in Houston where he is talking with voters, but last night, he was in San Antonio,
that is where he was rallying support, and also answering some questions.
Let's take a listen.
Plants, we've won two-thirds of the states that, approximately, that, whether it been
contested so far.
I would think of this point, the question is no longer as a big enough state, or as a
state with too many black people, or as a state that isn't a big West, or as a caucus
state.
We're state with too many old people.
We won states, and we won delegates.
Now, Senator Clinton is running a tenacious campaign.
She is a hard work in Canada.
She brings to bear enormous resources.
President Clinton has been working hard on her behalf.
And so, we know that this has been an extraordinary election.
You know what's part he left out about slavery, don't you?
You bet.
You slept.
You were.
Yeah, he left it out.
He's been Gentile and Gentile.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you.
The best talent.
You know what his real logic is.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Picture that day.
Witsnippingoon.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Outsing off the walls in a rehab room.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Unknown from God.
Eightful and rotten.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Lord ten and Papa,
Niligah, Lachikaten.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
You are.
You are.
You are.
You are.
You are.
Ego the rust-druck limba.
And it's controlled so they can fit in holdin'
He do the rest of the limbaugh
He do the rest of the limbaugh
He do the rest of the limbaugh
He do the rest of the limbaugh
He do the rest of the limbaugh
1231, a QAman speaking of Fat Pill Pop and Raj
As Swarovay vandals to keep her presidential bit alive
She may be getting help from an unlikely source
Conservative radio host Raj Pill Pop and Fat immigrant limbaugh
Limbaugh has been actively urging his Texas listeners to cross over in vote for Flynn
in the States open primary today arguing that it helps to be publicans
if the Democratic race remains unsettled for weeks to come
I want Hillary to stay in this
This is too good a soap opera limbaugh for a fellow conservative talk showist
Laura Angerham on Fox News Friday
He reiterated the comments on his Monday show and mutilated the exchange with Ingram
He also said, I wonder if she's came to Dave Ingram at Pompe no Park
They get a search party out there Dave, here's the finish line over here
He also said Clinton is more willing than the Republican National Committee and John McCain's campaign to criticize Barack Obama
We need Barack Obama bloodied up politically
It's obvious that the Republicans aren't going to do it
They don't have the stomach for them while continued
As you probably know, we're getting all kinds of memos from the RNC saying we're not going to be critical
Mark Murdoch of McCain's campaign said he'll quit if they get critical over Obama
This is the presence of the U.S. we're talking about
I want our party to win I want the Democrats to lose, he said
Fat hypocrite, kill pop and rush
In January, Liberal Daily Cost Blutter, Marko Smolitzis urged readers in Michigan to vote for Mitt Romney and the GOP primary for similar reasons
Romney went on to win Michigan
The ones that pulled in show Democrats who voted that primary favorite John McCain in saying
On his Monday show several listeners appeared dismay that limbo was urging them to support the New York Senator
Wouldn't you love to cream Hillary though, why you saw a freighter? Look at how ineptly she's campaigned against Obama
Limbo responded to one of the listeners who said she wanted to see Clinton out of the race immediately
I'm asking people to cross over and if they can stomach it and I know it's a difficult thing to vote for a swillery he told him around Friday
But it will sustain the soap opera and something I think we all need and it will be fun too
How do you like that?
Kill pop and rush
Not see bastard
And Laura Ingram or the self-hating
You're fair
Bulldy
Interesting cast of elunites, Bill O'Rouady and Miss Fudge, Miss Roger, out in Prince Harry, in Afghanistan, that are rushing home from the front lines
Because Miss Roger put his life in jeopardy by the fact that he was there on his website
Probably pissed off because Harry turned him down
Is that what it is, Matt? You're fair
Come on, you idiot, you screamer, you silly person
Rest your unt, it's all because some hacker stole my identity
Now I'm in here every servant, chowder and dice, T should go to free
Everybody ate it, Red Lobster ate it, sucked
Oh, finally the soup was ready, the chowder is always the best, very good
Not the best, but it's Angela
Clean chowder
But I don't know, you got it
It's one of those places where you have to order certain things and they're really good
And if you order the rest thing like, oh, how luscious you mean
Some things are to die for, other things are to die from
Ooh
But nevertheless, nothing's perfect, I'm sure we'll be going back
Someday, someday in a moment, in a moment of weakness
Which out of business story you missed the most
Burdines, never leaving close, Burdines 73
I guess they forgot how overpriced it was, huh?
Yeah, I don't, I don't forget, me neither
Burdines 73, then way down to Woolworth's 32
Boy, talk about a contrast from an overpriced, uh, Vlitsy store
To Woolworth's who have five in diamond
Service merchandise 27
I don't, I remember the name, but I remember what it was
What was it?
What, service merchandise?
Yeah
It was like, Lori is, but better, they had really good prices on electronics
I mean, it was very similar, you'd find the same kinds of things in their furniture
Jewelry, electronics, things like that
They had really good prices and a good selection, like stuff you'd actually want
Hmm, and then in the days before Amazon and stuff, it was the place to go for things like that
Jordan March 24, I loved that store, it was a damn good store
Good merchandise, much better prices than I had the credit card too, also had Burdines
I had Neiman Marcus, I never walked into that store, did you, like in the Bal Harbor Shonk?
No
You ever go to Neiman? Well, that's a little, little pricey for you I guess
Indeed it is
Now maybe now I might use that card, you know, but back in the day when I had that
That was just part of my collecting credit cards I told you
Uh-huh
Remember those days? Sure
I had them all, man, I had zairs, I had Jefferson's, Monkey Ward which was the same
I had the J. Byron's
Echor is 15, Lionel Play World 14, extra 12
Incredible Universe 8, Monkey Ward 8, Grand Union 8, Farmore 6, Pantheon 5, Jefferson's 5,
Mervins 4, McCreary's 4, Western Auto 3, Builders Square 3, Luria's 3, Gold Triangle 2, and Automage 1
Auto 3 or 7
We'll get back to what are we looking for 400, we'll get it
Chris said, oh maybe about 350, I don't know, this pull is good
That's okay
I mean, it's not as good as, you know, what's your favorite sandwich filling?
What that what is? What the hell could be?
What it's like saying, what's your favorite filling at the dentist?
What which tooth is your favorite filling?
Molder number 3
I'll tell you one thing, how about chocolate and clear?
Mmm, that's got my favorite, that's how you get it.
The filling.
Stop, let's talk about that, I got quite a story here, where the hell is it in my pile?
Oh, don't tell me I lost it. I hate when that happens.
Oh no, I lost it. Oh here it is right here.
Schlomovine Grads, Broad Shoulders, I racked in a prayer shawl
and at 6 foot 5 he towers over the other Orthodox Jewish congregants
and the cross brings Kabad.
He hoist the heavy tourist scroll over his head with ease
those same law mighty armies spent seven years shoving aside NFL defensive lineman
to clear space for Troy Ackman and Emmett Smith.
Schlomovine Grads, as an offensive lineman for the Grem Packers Dallas Cowboys 86 to 93,
Allen Vine Grads, 44 A Mimey Sons at Hyde Grads,
wore giant shoulder pads under his jersey.
Now his undergarments are its its's.
Noted fringes that serve as a reminder of his commitment to Julian,
he's wearing his tits his baby.
Back then before he wore a yarmulky on his head,
before he grew long thick beard, before he kept kosher,
he studied playbooks instead of scriptures,
his inspiration was Jimmy Johnson.
His most prized possession was his Super Bowl ring.
That Super Bowl was in 1993, it would be his last.
Newly married in his body aching from Johnson's blood bath practices, Vine Grads retired.
But like many professional athletes had becomeer than on built-in structure,
motivation from coaches, Vine Grads felt lost when the cheering stopped,
and North Ock's cousin invited him for a Shabbos dinner,
and thus began his menamorphosis.
After spending most of his life in a violent monster world,
where men bragged about material possessions, then, sexual escapades,
Vine Grads was intrigued by the simpler gentler Orthodox way of life,
by the Stone Age Orthodox way of life.
He went to Israel and came back wearing a yarmulky and calling himself
by his Hebrew name, a man transform.
Schlomov.
Oi!
I'm one of those guys who was always star for inspiration,
and ever since had every Vince Lombardi book, Zigg Ziggler Tafes,
and I realized that Torah was not a boring history book,
but a very inspirational guide to life on Grads.
It's a battery pack.
The more I learned the deeper I wanted to go,
I wanted to real do these, I'm authentic, not watered down.
I don't want anything watered down.
Like, like, my sub-also, you don't want to taste in like dish water.
Like, wontons soup, you don't want it to be wanton.
Local Hasidic Rabbi say his bigger than life of parents
and his engaging personality make it an inspiration.
He's been able to channel that dedication and commitment
he had for football to Judaism,
while living in a very secular environment said,
Rabbi Schnurr Kaplan, a four-lettered ill-down town, Habad.
People are drawn to him because he played in the NFL on a Super Bowl.
He's a guy people can relate to and has a powerful message,
not just for Jews, but for all people that it's possible
to live in this world and find time for faith in family.
People see me a rabbi and think I don't understand them.
A football player is a real guy and that captivates people.
Said older brother Steve I'm grad-aid,
a day police officer.
I was shocked at first, thought it was like a cult,
but now I see his fond happiness and tranquility,
and I'm proud of him.
He went from Super Bowl to Super Jew.
His new life isn't really for me,
but in December I did my my myself a little mazizah
that I weren't a chain around my neck under my uniform.
He opened my mind.
What could be bad about a little mazizah around your neck, huh?
Won't you wear my thing around your neck?
The old Vingreds perfect sound outside.
I better do the break and then I want to finish this
because it is just so, is it fascinating or is it depressing?
It's riveting.
It's depressing.
The biggest name of the best child is the new Rajesh Sprayer
by 62 AM.
The fourth leader.
Say her back, your favorite Jewish rock and roll,
the Strasier Band.
It's Russia, China, and with the greatest hits out of
you, Sakapa the synagogue.
My rubber is back before the Christmas time baby.
My rubber is back.
Yes, Russia, China, and I is reformed to bring you 12 kosher
guts of hoppin' Hebrew hygiene.
That guy is in good pochies.
This album should be in every order, Dr. Ockers' collection.
Rolling Stones gets its five stars of David.
The Lavender, the Vendepin, the Dehoo,
who wrote the book of Shoe.
Sakapa the synagogue, new from Russia, China, and I,
available in all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
Go pass over to this album.
1245 at QA.
I'm saying with this story just astonishes me.
The ex-ennepal player who has exchanged his uniform
for sitsis in Iaramaka.
How do you think maybe the Orthodox school to wait?
Sitsis bar?
Oh, that was back.
Anyway, his brother says that Adekoff says he went from
Super Bowl to Super Jew.
His new life hasn't really been for me, but in December I did
by myself a little Maziza, and that I were on a chain
around my neck under my uniform.
He opened my mind.
The old Vangrad's perfect Saturday was spent with
Behrim Buddies watching college football.
Now he walks to synagogue for Sabbath services
with his family.
Vangrad fully observes the day of rest, which means no
driving, no cell phone TV cooking, and no flipping
lightswitches, he spends the day praying, studying,
and bonding with his three kids.
No flipping lightswitches, what do they do with
sitting in the dark all day?
Oh, what?
Well, how else could you turn the lights on?
Okay, it's dark like at night.
It's Sunday.
What do you do then?
The clapper.
Oh, the clapper, I forgot about that.
Ooh.
This newly-dand-new night to Micah.
Vangrad was born Jewish and had a bar mitzvah at
age 13 of Temple Zion and Kindle.
Like many secular Jews his family let's have
with Kindles on occasion, went to a holy day
services twice a year, but that was about it.
The bar mitzvah should be an entry to duty as a man
for me it was an exit he said.
That's what it was for me, except for the deli, okay?
I'm a culinary Jew.
I like my deli, man.
Oh my God, I love my kishki.
Though he wasn't religious, he felt excluded at times.
One of the few Jewish players that Sun said,
hi, Vangrad would bow his head in silence when
fellowship or Christian athlete representatives
lived the team in Lawrence prayer before practice and
games. Oh, I sure hated that about high school, man.
Airby assembly and Jesus name you all that crap.
That's intolerant glam is what that's all about, okay?
Intolerant glam.
Go say your prayers out in the backyard somewhere, okay?
Everybody.
All you gitskies.
It never bothered me because it was something you were
used to hearing if you were a football player, you said,
later on his college days in East Texas State,
most of my teammates were from the Bible built and
never met a Jewish person.
Vangrad City never experienced anti-Semitism on the
football field.
His teammates at college now known as Texas State and
in with commerce invited him to fish and ride horses on
their ranches.
A few years ago he was inducted into the school's sports
hall of fame and they rescheduled the ceremony to accommodate
his Sabbath observance.
During his trial for the college team Vangrad admits he
pulled a fast one on the coaches in the 40-yard dash.
When the coach with a stop-box turned his back to walk toward
the finish line, Vangrad took a gigantic step forward.
When he set a goal to coach, Vangrad just made the required
time before 49 seconds and got a scholarship.
He encouraged earnest talkings with length later about his
39-yard dash.
He was a tall skinny kid, pretty good speed and strength
talkings because he had good intelligence as a real hard worker.
Vangrad considered the NFL an unrealistic goal but an assistant
coach said NFL Scouts would like his long arms and height.
He kept working out and bulking up and got what looked like a
break the tempo of a buck in your side.
It was a free agent 85.
It was cut 10 days later.
Another trial with Houston Oilers ended the same way.
Vangrad, by the time his student coach of these Texas State finishing
his degree, then the Packers called him this trial led to five years
in Green Bay during which he started to have Tony Mandorich a hot
shot young lineman.
He signed his free agent with a college in 1991 for 1.4 million.
Always one of the first to arrive at synagogue, Vangrad credits
coach Jimmy Johnson for his punctuality.
If the meeting started at seven o'clock, he was expected to be
at 6.50 Vangrad said Jimmy said if you got there right at seven,
you couldn't switch from cutting up the hallway with your friends
to being in the mind frame for a meeting.
I bring that lesson to the religious world he said.
If showing up for meetings with Jimmy Johnson ten minutes ahead of time
was important.
How much more important is showing up to show to meet with the king of
all kings, God Almighty, he wants to know.
Oh, Vesmer!
Johnson hasn't seen the new Vangrad,
slim 60 pounds to 2.25 from his playing days.
But he isn't surprised the former Cowboys taking his news calling
seriously.
Allen was a very intelligent player given outstanding effort.
He became valuable because he was very versatile and could play any
position on the line, Jimmy said.
Had he not been intelligent, not tried hard, he wouldn't have made it in the NFL.
Oh yeah, that's right. There's no dummies in the NFL.
He insists he doesn't as being a pro and real even watches football anymore.
It's for a superbowl ring. He wears it only for speaking engagements
and important business meetings.
I love the games, the challenges, the competition.
I was a very intense player. I loved Sundays.
There's nothing like you can't replace that feeling of coming out of the
tunnel in Green Bay, beautiful blue sky.
50 degrees, the smell of beer and brats in the air.
The smell of beer and brats and beer and brass.
That's brats?
Yeah, I wish. I love brats.
I get a charge from different things now.
Vangrad was divorced from the mother of his three kids a few years ago
and we married Haya, who was also worth the rest last month.
It's a real Nakhaya.
He worked for a silver health financial commercial mortgage lending company
during the week.
On the side, he travels the company giving speeches.
Mostly to Jewish groups. I'm pretty sure they're going to want to hear about that.
When I speak at any time in USA until my story and people come up later and say
they're going to change their lives, that's not a game.
That's real life. He says, Vangrad's father Leo was uneasy with the son's
worth on our life at first.
When Shlomo invited him to shop his dinner and services, he politely declined saying,
that's for you son. It's not for me son.
But he had started to come around by the time he died three years ago.
He gave a hundred dollar donation with son Sinagroug and even more telling
was something he said.
My dad said, son, I'm really proud of you as a football player with the Packers
and cowboy someone on your head.
But I'm proud of you with the Yarmac on your head Vangrad said, stroking his flowing beard.
Amazing. Amazing.
Wow. Well, what's here to say, huh?
Doesn't it?
Boy, I reckon the part about that sits is that that point.
That's where I should have realized I was, I don't know.
Oi! Playing in the wrong league.
237 votes, we're never going to make to 400 if these people don't get with it.
And you know, I don't know why because I'm not reading the result of the poll.
It's a good poll.
Which out of business story you missed the most.
We're not talking about restaurants. What do they again?
You know, we've done that, right?
Right.
And you hate these polls anyway because you always say, oh, it's for all the old timers, you know.
Yeah, that's what I said.
Isn't that what you say?
Yep.
Nobody knows 100 members of any of these stores.
Well, no, when you do the whole show about restaurants that don't exist, then nobody underhand knows.
Well, what does that mean? Did these stores exist?
No.
Oh, you're going to do the whole show on it.
I'm not doing the whole show on it.
No.
And I'm doing the poll on it.
Right.
So can I do a poll on the restaurants or is this that going to be, are you going to get bent out of shape again?
Well, I'll ask Joe Bell if he has your permission.
I'm leaving Friday in 1148.
Why 1148?
Because I want to.
You better cut the crap, Mr. Amt.
I'm telling you right now.
Oh, please.
Joe Bell is going to call you later again.
Oh, I know.
Come see me after the show.
Right away.
It's all right.
Come see Kansai.
340 votes.
I think we'll do the 400.
What are you getting all nervous about, Chris?
I'm sorry.
It's bad for your rep.
What's out of business store?
You missed the most.
Vertine's 81.
World worst 35.
FW World Worth, right?
It's all right.
A dime store.
You left them.
A dime store.
What the fuck did you buy for a dime?
What did they call it?
A dime store.
It was a flock place.
You know, it was a cheap nickel in the...
I haven't had the 99.
It's actually used to be a...
What, a crazky's five in dime.
Right.
Is that what it was called?
Mm-hmm.
Nisers.
Remember, Nisers, if you have Nisers in South Florida?
No, that I can recall.
Nisers, Woolworths and crazkeys, man.
We've had all the same.
We've had.
Wiggly Wiggly.
Woolworth's 35.
Service Merchardize 31.
Jordan Marsh 25.
A great store.
Excellent store.
J. Byron's 18.
Peach's 17.
That one peach is now on, in Fort Lauderdale.
Is it not the Eulerian Flintplaces?
Is it the Hustler joint?
Farzaio.
Extra 14.
Did I say, Eulerian Flintplaces?
Is it the Hustler joint?
Farzaio.
Extra 14.
I don't want to leave anybody out.
Scientific.
Extra 14.
Farmore 9.
Incredible Universe 8.
Monkey Ward 8.
Grand Union 8.
One thing about Grand Union, you couldn't go in there and Google the Bag Boys because they weren't any.
That's depressing.
Okay.
I'm looking for that public subbag boys.
You think about it?
Oh, there it is.
Happy 12th anniversary from the Bag Boys of Publix.
Happy 12th anniversary, Neil.
Yeah, I'm a bad boy.
My name's Jason.
With or without the mask?
How do you like that?
That's 12 years ago.
That was 20 years ago.
Wow.
20 years ago.
Oh, my God.
And I'm still here talking, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, and the Joe Bell wants it a while.
I'm leaving on, uh, noon on Friday.
Tell them I'm an old man.
I think he knows that.
Grand Union 8.
Western Auto 6.
Jefferson 6.
Luria's 5.
Macquarie's 5.
Panty Pride 5.
Merman's 4.
Gold Triangle 3.
Gold is square 3.
And modern age 2.
And what's the other road supermarket that I like?
That's open 24-7.
Albertsons?
Albertsons.
That's one of the still around here they are.
As far as I know.
There's that one on Oakland.
It's pretty good to sure.
I like Albertsons.
Albertsons at least is clean.
And a few of them are still in business.
Pines and university, I think.
Still.
Well, there you go.
What's not to lie?
Nothing.
And in this public's what you love?
They're far away.
What?
What do you mean by that?
Well, they don't have an Albertsons close to me, but that's the right one surrounded by publics.
Oh, everybody loves publics.
It's a pleasure to shop in publics.
And then of course there's, uh,
a good bit of a name.
That's it.
Hello, objects.
4.5.
62 AM.
The public's leader.
Pogedon Juler.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you.
It's the 12th of the world.
Or whatever it is.
The world.
There was this cow.
When it was slaughterhouse.
Then they caught in my bandwin.
They went to God.
And his crew got all over the fresh ground beef.
They caught and caught.
And I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
I want to tell you.
It's not my God.
It's not my God.
God, God.
The thought of that.
There's something that just passed my mind.
You know.
Yup.
The thought of it is so,
it's just unthinkable.
You know, they made a baby.
Did they?
Did she have the baby?
It was.
Did they?
Did she have the baby?
What is it?
What is it?
a boy I think?
I don't mean by that, I mean, is it like human?
Why do you keep going, mm-hmm, like you just move out of the can?
Moving right along.
Why is that?
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
See, we've only done this a hundred times.
If there's something we don't want to talk about on the air, maybe there's a good reason
for it, and then you go, oh my god, what is this?
There's something I don't know.
Is that what you're saying?
Okay, well then let's move on.
Like Nepho said, and the rumor said, move on.
And Nepho said, move on.
Not a word.
Okay, let's look at the pool here.
If you have a 64-boats, we need just 36 more.
Look at the 400 easy.
So what are you going to all work up about, Chris?
Now, Chris, do you know what he's talking about?
Not really.
Good, now maybe before the show tomorrow, author here, you'll tell me what this is all about.
And then see if you, if you would fill me in, if you would clue me in,
I'll what's going on around that place, then I wouldn't have these embarrassing moments
when I come and blow it up on the back.
And you say, oh, don't talk about that.
It doesn't matter if you know about it, you talk about it anything.
No, I do not.
Okay, then it's a freaking lie.
There was somebody else who was having some issues, assuming that there may be no.
I didn't talk about that on the air.
I stopped talking about that person.
Okay, no longer with us.
Didn't I?
Yes.
I don't recall.
Oh, you need to go, you need to get, make yourself right with the Lord, man.
I'll tell you what I am.
You need to get right with the Lord.
I am right.
It's a fact.
You'll sit so close to the wire you can taste it.
That's why you drove to the beach.
And it's my pick for this week's Niels deal, oceans two, three, four, and dear field beach.
Each Thursday we bring you a fantastic restaurant, save you lots of money.
And oceans two, three, four is more than fantastic.
Just inches from the sand.
Oceans two, three, four serves the lights that will amaze you taste buds.
Starwood and delicious appetizer like the Seared Tuna, lobster fritters with Caribbean chutney or shrimp and steak quesadilla.
The entrees are superb like the crab and crusted chili and sea bass, Seared scallops,
McAdamia Dolphin or King crab legs, fresh succulent and delicious.
You find ribs, chicken, New York strip on them and your filet for the land lovers.
Oceans has got live entertainment, a gorgeous wait step, and the cocktails are just the way you like them.
And every Thursday at noon we have another great restaurant offer for you.
And this Thursday at noon you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just 50 bucks for a great meal on a tropical ocean view atmosphere.
Oceans two, three, four at the end of Hillsborough Boulevard and dear field beach look for the water.
You can't wait to order. Oceans two, three, four.
We took the biggest name to the vast challenge.
This is no rush.
We're going to 5.62 a.m.
The fourth leader.
And a lollipop little boy.
Welcome.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
This is a way from my picnic kids.
When your loved life is done, there's no need to suffer.
Just head down to the pet shop for another, another leg bar.
Don't wanna do the rich or the kid.
Rich or the kid.
Rich or the kid.
Rich or the kid.
Rich or the kid.
Rich or the kid.
Everyone now.
Everyone now.
One day.
Two long.
One 14 at 5.60 W.D.Q.
We're going to make your 400 votes easy on this second poll of the day.
And thanks to Brandon for, they have to get this off the hook for all time.
And sending it a poll over here.
And I like this one from Sean.
Me too.
I have anybody else in mind for that?
Who looks the most dramatically decline besides ours?
Brittany Spears, civil chef, Ritsey Ellie, Maba, Michael Vagris, Brad Pitt, Kelly McGillis, and Kathleen Turner.
I'm torn between Kathleen Turner and Brittany.
Of course, it depends on the time period we're talking about.
Sure.
Sure, it doesn't need to be put barbed wire eating on there.
And you'll come on and give it a rate for a single one.
Yeah, you'll put a lot of feed on there.
Or just stock one.
Yeah.
Just stock one would be good.
I vote for him.
Boy.
That's my cosman.
You know, that's God for you.
Who's your round?
What's just as well?
Why's that?
Because if you were a young and good looking forever, what was that?
Some of us would never have a chance.
What the hell was that?
What?
Do you hear that sound?
What sound?
Did you hear Chris?
I heard about that.
I've not heard of this.
Oh my God.
What the hell is going on here?
Like sabotage.
The weather channel has lost its way, Quintagent.
Now, what would be the reason for that?
Why would it be a good reason?
Because everybody gets their turn, basically.
Can you imagine if all of these hot young looking guys were always hot young looking guys?
I guess you can.
I don't follow.
Everybody gets their chance, in other words.
Yeah.
You're looking for a while and then all of us.
And then that's somebody else's turn.
Yeah.
Okay.
Like I said, Lord works in mysterious ways.
Okay.
One 16th of QA.
The weather channel has lost its way according to John Coleman who founded the channel 82.
Coleman told an audience that the 2008 International Conference on Climate Change in March 3rd, New York,
that he's highly critical of global warming alarmism.
Alarmism.
Oh my God.
The weather channel had great promise and that's all gone now because they've made every mistake in the book on what they've done,
and how they've done it and it's very sad Coleman said.
It's not for sale and there's a new owner of the weather channel will be announced.
Several billion dollars have changed hands in the near future.
Having changed.
This is making sense.
Does anybody in dollars having changed hands in the near future?
Does any sense to you?
Nope.
Let's hope the new owners can be kept to division and stop reporting the traffic telling us what to think
and start giving us useful weather information.
The weather channel has been an outlet for global warming alarmism.
In December 2006, the weather channel's highly-colon argued on her blog that weather casters who had doubts about human influence on global warming
should be punished with desertification by the American Media Religial Society.
Coleman also told the audience his strategy for exposing what he called the fraud of global warming.
He advocated suing those who sell carbon credits which would force global warming alarmism to give a more honest account of the policies they propose.
I have a feeling this is the opening Coleman said if lawyers will take the case, sure the people who sell,
uh, suit the people who sell carbon credits, that includes Al Gore.
That lawsuit would get so much publicity, so much media attention, and as the experts went to the media stand to testify,
I feel like that could become the vehicle to finally put some light on the fraud of global warming.
Earlier at the conference, or Christopher Monkton, a policy adviser to former Prime Minister, Margaret Thatcher,
told the audience that the science will eventually prevail, and the scare of global warming will go away.
He also said the courts were good avenue to show the science.
Go away.
Go away.
Yeah, like, uh, and at the FCC, but.
Go away.
Go away.
I should play that.
I should have played that on Friday.
You know what I'm talking about?
That was.
That was a beer or some use.
Go away.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Oh my god.
And that's your briggs back some members the ins days baby, nothing wrong with those.
Nothing wrong with those except for academic Children's use to pee in his pants all day when I, my show is out.
Oh, front of that Roger.
The start and trouble again.
Oh my god, mom.
Yeah, he was a son-in-law. That's why he became the GM. That's always a good reason, right?
Sure works for me. Keep it in the family, baby.
So how's PD Lenny doing? So he actually came in there and spoke to me today. You'll have to excuse me. I'm a little bit in coherent.
We can replay it. I mean not the audio. I'm just I can take it back through it. You were complaining about why this is not what you're doing.
I'm gonna do that. And you didn't send me a fast just now. We're in there early when I say something on there that you've been all upset about.
Oh, you send me a fast? I was up at the you said you wanted to talk about it during the morning.
Yeah, but yeah, and that's not fair. I want to know about it right now. I'm right. I'm writing out a fact right now.
Because who knows? I might blow something out the between now. I'm sure you're looking at your 40-1 minutes. Although I am leaving it about 20 to 2.
Well, I'm gonna show that to Johnny Joe thing or two, you know.
Has to cry to winner to give a song to dance. Although I'm not even probably at noon when I'm going on vacation.
When Joe Joe rose just took 422 days for jury. I did say that. I probably didn't even exist.
Joe, he's a slacker if you paid him out early, you wouldn't have this. Yeah, right. I'm sure that's what you did say.
Just despite you, I'm going to love to be 2000. I like that.
Just to swear you're right. I hope you spend all your money long before that, too. No, I'm working on it. Do it.
But I got a day off today. I have no pressure. In fact, I'm going to lunch by myself today, right at 2 o'clock, and I'm going to relax.
And I'm going to enjoy whatever I want. I'm going to just relax. No stress. No fuss. No must.
You know what I'm saying? I need a day like that.
When you're out of business store, you miss the most. I would have thought that it would have been a lot more than these.
But of course we're excluding eateries of any kind. No eateries.
Bird eyes 88. Woolworths 40. I wonder how their Woolworths close in Florida.
You have any idea? I've been with you the last time you've seen one of them around. A long time.
Woolworths 40. Service merchandise 36. Jordan, March 28. Peaches 23. Peaches was good. That was a good store.
Remember all the great appearances we had in the kitchen? Sure. They were great. Remember Orlando came by and spilled some of them on his lap. And I tried to look it up. I mean, wipe it up for him.
J. Byron's 19. Eckerd's 18. Lionel Play World 17. Zero 17. Extra 15.
Farm War 11. Incredible Universe 10. Jefferson's 8. Monkey Ward 8. Grand Union 8.
Western Auto 7. McCory 6. Gold triangle 5. Boy. It's just barely like a flicker. Just flickers through my mind. I couldn't have been around too long.
I'm worth a sign. You know, isn't that what the first thing you remember about a lot of stories is the sign?
But right? Sure. You can envision the store, but you remember the sign. That's the first thing you see.
Louis is five, Panty Fried five, Mervins four, Builders Square three, Modern Age two. So everybody got at least one. We got 383. So I think 400 is a given.
Got it? Got it. Well, I'm telling you, I'm so worn out from that Indian guy.
No, no, no. I'll tell you the light. They wouldn't understand what I meant. Go for it. Now right out in the long end and facts me something right now.
I think I have a pretty good idea what it might be, but you never know.
What does this say?
Oh boy.
Voters from Bond Hill, the plus and rich, the Westchester ignored blustery wins and reign this morning to be among the first to cast primary ballots in Ohio.
Judy Hawks was one of the first to arrive at a polling place in the city shortly after the polls opened at 6.30 this morning.
She said she was boyed by what she described as youthful energy feeding interest in this election. It's exciting said Hawks 59 just that diversity.
That fact and my grandchildren and what young people are staring to vote.
Hawks said she cast a bell for Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama.
I think he's new. She said I think he's fresh. We're still. We've got the same old same old going on. I think we need to change. We're still. She couldn't put it better.
Like last year's hall of awe man. I can't believe that we forgot this store. I remember giving him. Oh no, no, I didn't sending it on the other. Well, it's a it's a guy's name.
First name. No, it's close.
We can't say the nickname of this name on the air. Dick. I still don't know what it is. Well, we're right. Remember that?
Just vaguely. I had that credit card man. Sure. Richard's it was like another clothing saying I went down in Cutler Ridge. Yeah. It was very much like like a J Byron's or Jordan Marsh or something like that.
Yeah, Richard's hammer. I'm going to say wow. I sure wish I had those old credit cards. Then I could send him to chicken. I can try to use it.
He could try him with the FedEx.
Obama sought a knockout against Ravel Hillary Clinton's voting began to the Incrucial Contest in Ohio, Texas, where the former first lady
desperately needs a win to salvage her once powerful candidacy. She's dying over there, baby. She's sliding like a rock.
Both themes acknowledge that split decision that close votes could prolong the battle for at least another month or more.
I really feel good about today's lottery total report is after visiting a polling place at a Houston Elementary School today.
Clinton gave every indication she's in the race for the duration. My husband didn't get the nomination.
Right up till June she said this is a very close race and we're taking it day by day. Who did that song day by day? God's built. Oh yeah.
Oh, I see you wrote this. I'm not going to read it on here. Oh.
Also what I mean, what am I supposed to say about that? Well, you're not supposed to say anything. Show. Yeah, there you go.
Well, Jesus, I didn't know anything about that. That's because you don't keep me informed. You keep me in the dark.
Wasn't I just saying last Friday that I'm like a mushroom in his place? Yeah, you're not like a mushroom. You're like a jaded old bag.
Who doesn't have a long time to understand having to explain things to the show.
You're in 163th Street Shopping Center. You know something? What? That used to be a really nifty shopping center. Well, a long, long time ago. Sure.
In the hurricane came. Oh my god. And the neighborhood kind of like change. Well, it was already south.
In fact, you know, 163rd, there used to be there was a wolfies on there. The one where I had that big run in with the waitress.
Oh, for Lazy $10, we don't take credit card, sunny. What a bitch.
It's, I'm unhappy that they're all a business wolfies. You know, if anybody deserves to be out of business, the way that they treated
the help and treated the customers, they deserve to be out of business. Oh, by the way, what day is the Rascal House closing next month?
Right? April 7th, something like that. Oh, Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to have a party. We're going to have a Rascal House closing day.
Oh, it's got to get the shlaw and pickles in here. Well, I didn't say anything that I feel bad about saying because I didn't know about that situation.
He is and I'll be audience to think, Oh, let us in on it. I can't do it. Well, I can't do it. Now, as a matter of fact, having read that,
I mean, there's something I'm going through my mind, but I, I guess, and say, you know what I mean? I'm sure it's gone through your mind, too.
What? You know exactly what I'm talking about. Don't see there you go. What?
Try to get me started now. When the first you tell me, you're like my mother pushing with one hand.
I'm pushing it over 100 three votes on the pole. Nice going, Chris.
What you thinking? That was Chris know about this or he'll probably boarded out on the air, you know?
Yeah, because that's what I do. 26 after one at five 60 WQM. Did I mention today at PD Lenny's in Ahold that I mentioned that?
Always blaming everybody else for his own deficiencies and the fact that he can't get anything done right. He just, he is just an accident. Awing the happen.
You'll sit so close to the water you can taste it. It's why you drove to the beach. It's my pick for this week's Neil the oldest Thursday noon.
Oceans 234 into your field beach. Now every weekend on Thursday we bring you fantastic rest.
I brought to save you lots of money and oceans 234 is more than fantastic. Just inches from the sand oceans 234 serves the likes of a major taste buds.
Begin with a delicious appetizer like the Seared Tuna, lobster fritters with Caribbean chutney or shrimp and steak case idea.
The entrees are superb like the crab and crepta chili and sea bass. Seared scallops, neck and even dolphin or king crab legs, fresh succulent and delicious.
Their ribs chicken, your strip were full afit land lovers. Oceans has got live entertainment, a gorgeous weight staff and the cocktails are just the way you like them.
So don't forget Thursday at noon. The store opens on wqm.com. You'll be able to buy a hundred dollar gift certificates for just half off 50 bucks for a really great meal.
And a tropical ocean view atmosphere oceans 234 at the end of Hillsborough Boulevard and dear field beach. Look for the water. You can't wait to order an oceans 234.
The biggest name of the challenge. You know, his little largest 435.62 am the sports leader.
Matthew Mark McEnjant, accent, Romans and Corinthians. Corinthians, Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians.
Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Timothy, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians
Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians,
Guns on feeding revelation
131 at 560 WQ. I'm on a great Tuesday, man. It's the day we've been waiting for it's the finale maybe
And this whole democratic primary thing is it goes on forever. It's insane. Yep
The only people who like it out the media people who just thrive on it who make a lot of money off of it
We suck the blood
God
I'm just a long time the media sucks. I think I'm going to would buy it to a clock
That's not like a capital idea. Yeah, that's not the capitalist idea. I think it's a great idea
I did too I never it never even crossed my mind until just a moment I thought to myself
Well, I got a free day today and I may got a free pass right do it part of the world
I'm gonna be doing that all next week. I think
On my vacation which starts at noon Friday by the way for anybody. It's wondering why I'm leaving it
No, because that's on my vacation starts
I'm taking those two hours because I need it
But I'll say that I'm taking the two hours to make up for the for whatever was extra hours I worked a
Few weeks ago. I'll send you one of those time off sheets. You can fill it out. Yeah, that's right
I'll fill out a talent sheet. Oh
It's just something the audience thinks it's all very funny
I know some of it is you still have
I don't know because otherwise you want to cry and you couldn't write this kind of stuff
It's still not as funny as him asking us why the show following us can't start on time
That's still the funniest thing being crazy. You mean about how cool and then what do we do it then jerks blaming us?
Right, right here on touch obviously. I'll tell you something even if they show is the worst show in history of radio
Which I'm sure it's not but even if it were
The one thing that you better admit that I do every day is we get out of here within a few seconds of exactly
I mean we're not a network or something, but I back time it. I mean to assign
So that's not the point is it is the point am I right? Yes, you're right
So every single day we do on this end what we're supposed to do in fact now we've been
Warnings in competent board off
He knows that pretty soon he's gonna have to get in there and see us in the chair
Don't not the point the point is when somebody is
Stupid enough to try to bring blame the previous show for why you can't start on time why the general manager would then take that
That's like running the show that's all of him for whatever his insufficiency were like crap rating
Why someone would actually bother to inquire what we're doing wrong on our end?
I mean somebody who should know better exactly. That's what's funny to me. Well, he doesn't
414 votes on your poll and very proud of you crazy the wonderful job and thanks Brandon
That was a really stellar idea. I mean we've done it pulled before
Long time ago though see in our minds
Somebody's like oh, we've done that before but it's so many years ago. You know couldn't be doing these polls for what about 80?
100 years
All right. Yeah years
Confident handed over the nation says today marks the 75th anniversary of Franklin, Delaware, Rosalina's and other
On a cold day at the Taylor Winter Roosevelt looked out over a nation gripped by depression
Incupacinated by fear and confronted by threats as grave as any we face today
He spoke reassuringly of how we had nothing to fear but fear itself the new deal policies who launched transform merely every aspect of
American political economic and cultural life as
Important they restored hope work in a measure of dignity dominions
It is that spirit of grounded realism and determined idealism that we need to reclaim today
It's that spirit which offers an antidote to those who rule as if they have nothing to fear but the end of fear itself
As we wait for the result from today's primary is no high Texas Rhode Island and Vermont
It's worth asking the party of Roosevelt if we can capture they can we capture the imagination and nerve to offer solutions on the scale equal to the problems
We face tonight after the voting booth in caucus halls close will hear many words
Some will soar and seek to sound themes reminiscent of a time when our social contract was re-woven
Here are a few words from that first inaugural address. I'd like to hear two thousand eight variations on this evening
The money changes have fled from their high seats in the temple of our civilization
We may now restore that temple to the ancient truths the measure of the restoration lies in the extent to which we apply social values
More noble than mere monetary profit this nation has for action and action now our greatest primary task is to put people to work
In the time it took FDR to live in those words on a bleak and uncompromising day in Washington
Unpromising day right for it should park her in the new new deal issue out later this month
Roosevelt described a politics and economics and a morality at once and thereby told Americans how they could and should make change
That would lead them in doing that he would lead them in doing so and who would oppose them
Now what else did she just say there?
Not that good Katrina pretty weak. Why did I read that? I don't know because you wanted it. No, I didn't really want
I shouldn't have though as it's weak. She didn't say a damn thing there. Yeah, pretty weak
What did you say honey? I mean, I like her and she just fine usually that see when you trust people
You know and you see it's a column by somebody alike like you know Paul Kerman or Katrina Van den Huehl or whoever it is and you go ahead and just read a cool like oh
Geez why did I read that yeah suck?
Really bad just like they're sucking the blood out of the public all
That money down the toilet all these people would our houses for close. How's the markets doing today by the way George?
Let's take a oh yeah, maybe Rick Riley can call in now what let me ask you this question. I know what you're gonna ask
No, you know, okay, you haven't got any idea what I'm gonna ask you more. It's about what do you think it's about?
What's more interesting Rick Riley reading the stock market report or the heat stats?
No, okay, that's a good polo. What were you gonna say though? Now?
I was gonna ask you do you think it would be a better idea since I'm going on vacation on Friday at noon
I'm gonna have some time although not that much so not gonna be here very much
But when I come back from vacation, maybe I'll pop ski around with this equipment with the
You know the modem and all the internet stuff as opposed to doing it to the today or any time during this week?
Yes, I think that's a better idea just leave because everything works fine right now
Since I don't need the phone
I don't want the phone and if by any reason we had a take a call you could put you up there right leave well enough alone
Right exactly. Oh oil is just barely above a hundred bucks of real 100 and 4 cent what a bargain?
Oh hundred and six and
S&P is down 21 dollars down 207 points
Presipitously and then Azdaq's down 31 and a half point wow. I don't want to say the sky is falling. We know what?
The sky is falling that's it good. Yes again
You got to go to the track to go out to Geltz to see your lucky day. I'm going to go to Whitbine and bet a dollar for me. How's that?
Bet a dollar
Well, I don't know I'm gonna tell you something interesting about that for you people that play slots like at any place where it's legal or anywhere else
And that is seriously the court that now the 25 cents slot guys in A hole that goes without saying but it's true
That in some of those machines if you play the max which you're playing a lot, you know
Yeah, but you can do pretty well. I very rarely lose on those but I find them boring
You know I say else I can't figure them out especially those digital ones, you know can't figure out the digits
No, you can't figure out all the Canadian dollars a dollar and 42 hundreds of a cent and the euro is 152 222
221 5222 on the euro
Boy what's going on these last seven years and there's nobody in jail for it
That's what I'm gonna. Just an even scooter. Let me got out even scooter. Let me oh I beg your pardon
What a crocker crap man in the public and the media what are they worried about Brittany and they're worried about
Paris Hilton and they're worried about dancing with the stars and American Idol crap
You people in the media are watching great rappers and all you know is peddling crap. That's right
And there's swallowing a bomb on there right now
Bill super Tuesday all the suspense today is on the democratic side
Can Hillary Clinton and all these people are gonna tell us how they've got their best political team in TV
And they're gonna give us the best crap and it's gonna be Bob a billbend it on there again
Excuse me is brother Bob's a stupid attorney billbend it
And Donna Brazil and all these other the same old tired tired talking heads man over and wolf
Let's Greg and
Cermagini Jack Cagherty is same old you know it over I'm a CBC got Panty can and you got
Who else Keith Obramon who I still think is doing hell of a job and you know something
Know about his last night. I was watching the show. He really does a hell of a job
And he's the one person on TV that really tells it the way I see it and way a lot of millions of other people see it
Who's got the balls to do and the fact that they let him do it is a miracle?
But who knows what that whole I'm is thing was all about you know that business
He was trying to get him fired maybe had a good reason to try to get him fired
Maybe it was an O's jump or a Victoria, you know when you read that article that maybe he was like
Oh, don't don't don't like that then that's say that they had had issues for a time. Yeah long time
It's demanding that they fire I'm just as ugly nasty ass and give her that thing
I wonder if I said the kid is gonna be rushing back up there now that I'm just back on here
And other day had that horrible book and there are people just spank the crap out of him Joe is gonna just continue spanking me to oblivion
And you know that none of these that these 85 new sports agents on here who are gonna do just more fractions of numbers
But you know those fractions are gonna come from not from us. They're gonna come from across the street where Joel Feinberg ran away
Ran away like a argued and
Oh
All the hard burn, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, every time I see, no, no, no, no, no, no, every
I'll never see in the dark Where a layer falls abut, now he's here in his shorts, and their combine of leather and consid, and that white single
Don't know the way to run and stupidly
Don't know the way to run and this drunk and rich kid
Don't know the way to easy man
Lumber than me here
He's president of the f***er
You know care what it took
You got him here by her front cross
Holy christly ride
I know what's left of you and I
And the hell's all fear
We've got a great leader here
With president dumps
President dumps
President dumps
Bye bye bye
The biggest names of descalates
How about that
And your home for Miami dovens would fall
And justice
Sports radio 560 WQAM
Where the hell where what is the wait a minute what is this
