The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars and do not reflect those of the Beatsley broadcast group.
It's staffed advertisers for agencies.
The biggest names, the best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lauder Dale.
I'm a 560 WQAM.
I'm a 560 WQAM.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Chris and I?
To talk to Neil.
Dyle's 560 WQAM.
I don't know.
Did you think I was listening?
In his eight days, call toll free.
877-785-10.
Please speak.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T.
I have your eyes on wireless phones.
The audience expressed by Neil.
His guests or his collars do not reflect those of the WQAM.
Please do staff those advertisers.
Now, the Neil Rogers Show.
On 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you first, Dean.
I don't mean to sound offensive or disrespect.
But if you walk into the control of the scene, Neil Rogers.
It appears as though he should have wheels on both sides of his chair.
I mean, he's sitting there like crouched down.
He's so forceful in the radio.
And he's such a little like...
If he doesn't have a bodyguard,
but he leaves the radio station, good luck to him.
Chris Matthews from MSNBC.
Let's play high-ball.
Today's the day.
All the insides and name-colleged steps.
It's very sad.
It's the election day.
Today, 2,000 A.
Get a get out there and vote.
I don't care who you vote for.
Obviously, that's not true if you watch my program.
Of course, they can't who you vote for.
Chickens know who I'm supporting.
I'm warning, we're going to talk to people who just voted to find out if we can see.
Who's going to be the next president of the United States?
Certainly tell me who you voted for.
Go ahead.
I can't tell you.
I want to know.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Let me go.
I'm trying.
It's a sad light.
No, we're standing right next to him.
Go ahead.
I'm waiting for it.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Thank you very much.
You can tell the people are all pumped up and the election.
Got a lady standing next to me wearing a Sarah Palin button.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Go ahead.
Tell me.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Wait, we're in a Sarah Palin button.
Go ahead.
You're weak.
Get away from me.
Push back.
I'm eating nothing but sugar all day to make sure I lose my high.
I'm pumping out me of raising cookies like they were crack.
I've only taken two packs of no dose and down two four litre bottles of Joe color.
I can't feel anything.
Has no effect on me.
Truth be called.
I haven't slept until a win.
I've been playing cards without Frank and Alex Baldwin Bruce Breaks.
Steve and John Cook and Mel and Camp.
I know John doesn't like to use all three names, but I can't remember what they call him.
So I just love them all together.
We have a great time together.
Alex Baldwin opens up the hotel window and screams the F on the passing Republicans.
And then he sat down and ate a hole in Asalasas.
My friend, now Frank, seems a little depressed and despondent.
Doesn't think he's going to win his race for Senator and Minnesota.
Doesn't have seen people who elected a wrestler governor.
Bruce Brings to eat.
Let me try his pants with the flag on the ass.
I couldn't get one cheek into him.
Got to wrap this up.
At the city gate, talking to you.
I can understand why people hate to sound to my voice.
Disturbing.
I'm Christmas.
I'm going to be soon.
Hello.
Hello.
I got a call from this room.
To my secretary to Mr. Koran.
Why?
I'm coming from this room from my secretary to Mr. Koran.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm coming from my...
I'm coming from this room.
Hello.
Let me ask you something.
What language are you speaking?
You're a little punk.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm calling.
No, I'm not just playing a game.
Oh, you're there with those little kids?
No.
They were talking in this room.
Then what's all that noise in the back, you know?
I'm calling from my teacher.
You what?
I'm calling from my teacher.
You're calling for your teacher?
Yeah.
Who's your teacher?
I'm calling from my teacher.
What's up in the back?
How far is it?
Kick them in the ass.
I'm going to go to class right now.
Yeah, I see what you'll call this show for.
What?
Why are you calling here?
Chris, yeah.
Chris, yeah, I saw you in the ticket.
What ticket?
You know that ticket is for a friend?
Do you know who you're talking to?
Yeah.
Little schmuck.
I totally had to do with tickets.
Then what if Rick and Joel rose in those GD tickets, man?
Oh, if it's not Drew Rosenstein or a frickin' No.
What's his name?
Jurk, jerk street.
It's free tickets bunch a little punk's in school calling up the station tying up our lines for free tickets
Anybody want any tickets tickets? How about those patriots?
I twice they can made amazing comebacks. Well, unless that a minute to go last second
Tie up the game and then they blew it on overtime defenseless no no defense your boy Macassal a good though
He looks good to me. Let me tell you he played a great game. Yeah
400 yards passing 400 that's crazy 400 yards. He was awesome and then that moron
What what tells his name he used to play for the Bengals that Jackass that everybody hates like poison
I don't know he was doing a color on the game and he's oh well
Randy Moss you know sometimes he's very effective
But a lot of times he's not and then two seconds after that he makes that astonishing kick to tie the game Chris Collins
Chris Collins worth that Jackass. God do I hate him every time he opens up his mouth. He sticks four feet in it
With that raspy that phony raspy voice by the way speaking of phony that whole thing yesterday about serious in the fake Greg Vudella was fake
A whole thing was a a I would say an elaborate ruse, but that would be quite a compliment
I'm just shocked and dismayed and the Phantom Informer says word is the fake Greg Vudella is sunny Fox
Oh my god
That's why I played that sunny Fox thing there at the beginning sunny Fox
Well, it only doesn't have much going on if that's true
Phantom Informer is back what's been a long time since we heard from the Phantom Informer
Let's give away some tickets Q.A.M. Ticket line. Hello
WQ. A.M. Hello
Good morning, sir. Yes, sir. Hey, listen the other day
His guy called up and asked you about the Marlins trade and you said nobody was interested. I don't think that's true
Wait, you know something nobody on the show is interested. We don't care. We don't care about the Marlins
This is not a sports talk show. Let me say it again. It's not a sports talk show
You know it you know this well as I do schmuck a sports talk show my ass
Take your marlins and stick them with a mundo China and that stadium too by the way
Going into with the pressure and we're gonna take taxpayer money and build a stadium for a bunch of millionaires brilliant
Anyway, Lawrence sends me the fake this and that this is the subject of his email
In fact, let me look in the outlooker express because I bet you there's nothing in there right now
I could be wrong, but I doubt it. Let's see. No no items in this view blank
So here's what Lawrence has to say while a time is entertaining and only at times
It would appear that you're being inundated with emails from one or two sources that you referred to as the fake this guy or that guy
That's right
Don't take this as telling you how to do your show
I couldn't do what you and George do on the air all the time
But it does seem that other legitimate emails may be getting lost in the shuffle a
Kind of what has happened with the callers the church tying up the phone lines so to be relatively
So the relatively and frequent good callers get shut out well
You see here's the difference Lawrence before I finish reading your email
There are nine phone lines and the only reason that those four people get through over and over and over again
It's because most of the time when we do take calls they're the only ones calling
The emails on the other hand are unlimited
There's no such thing is tying up the email
Lawrence
Besides there are also emails that criticize insult you or in Georgian even Chris
It's readily apparent to these people just want to hear their names or at least their comments over the airwaves
I can only imagine what sort of physical and biological reaction comes over them when that happens
It would seem to me that unlike going screenless with the callers the emailers are easy to designate as normal or as jerks
Do you understand what that means?
The emailers are easier to designate see the reason that those emails from the fake this one and Frank
We don't fakely we can that those come through and such volume and quite frankly I enjoy them
But nevertheless is that because that's all that comes in on there now the first couple of weeks
We did the email thing it was a novelty and boy the emails were pouring in on my birthday the emails. I had hundreds of emails
But in terms of people actually having something to say on there as opposed to sending me attachments or links to articles that I
That either already have or don't want any part of other net and the spam. There's not much on there anymore
So thank God we had that whole contrived thing made for a whole show yesterday. So for sunny Fox. Thanks. I
Got bacon in my throat
Oh, I hate really in any event
I still will continue to listen keep up the good work you too George
I may not always be interested in what you say and I may not agree with your points of view
I'm no sick of that although I agree wholeheartedly on both of your takes on religion my wife calls me godless and I tend to agree
But you both always make me think especially about things that may never have occurred to me otherwise. She's Lawrence. Thanks Larry
Word is according to the phantom informer who's been gone for a long time the fake Greg butyl sunny Fox
Now they're gonna be a few O'sha on provocateur Goyama. They're saying oh
Serious wanted Neil we heard it right on the air serious wanted to sign them up. No serious
Don't have any interest in me and George in flea in Chris or this show. So what's with flea? You're not speaking to us today or what?
No, I am
What's wrong with him? I don't know who's right here. I'm surly today. Why because I'm surrounded by idiots
Not right now. Yeah, the rest of the day
Any anybody we know
Everybody on the list
My jolly joe bell sure
Well, I think the whole world knows that
So Joe was given away a tickets to what the dolphin game or what yeah dolphin writer games on it. Oh god
Who the hell would want to see that dolphins playing another pansy team?
Yeah, we love the dog then hey, I'll tell you one thing that was a phenomenal comeback last night
twice
And then only to blow it immediately and over time third and 15 they got the packers backed up third and 15 and they can't make the play
That defense blows
But when you're playing without your three most important players
I think they did a credible job, you know six and four is not bad for a team. That's like a
Skeleton of itself. How about those keens? I didn't know watching you that now I take that back
I did turn it on for about 10 seconds and they kept showing all the empty orange seats and dolphin stadium
And
Remedusing about the orange bowl and yada yada yada the orange bowl was a toilet
Okay, anybody out there that longs for the days of the orange balls and idiot
They used to have a hemorrhoid concession there when you were sitting on the damn brick on the cement
What you didn't like standing in your in while you're urinating
The orange ball was a toilet didn't have enough toilets, but it was a toilet
In fact, you could have just peed right at your seat. It would have been appropriate because it was a toilet
Should have been the toilet bowl. Oh, you're wrong. The almost great games
And then they got Jim Kelly on there for crying out loud
Did you see that? Mm-hmm. I turned it on for about two minutes see what the score was and there's old toe Jim Kelly
God
Fat face it looked like somebody stuck a bicycle pump in his neck
Let's see happy Friday, and you know, here's a couple emails
And they're not from the fake anybody although they may be fake in fact all the emails can be fake and what differences are make it's a radio show
How about those patriots it says?
I said Wednesday. I thought Matt Castle might struggle against the Jets defense man was I wrong yada yada yada
Anyhow, hope you have an outstanding weekend absolutely love your show and when George steps in I mean I
Turned up even louder
Whatever that means is Sam could you please play that
Stinky Joyce won't let us play farts anymore and have George lay that scream sound over the chorus. Oh
Oh
Bill Stedman the magic one oh two point seven is PD
Miami's magic taps Bill Stedman I never heard of him the Philips vacant programming post replacing the anxious Bob Hamilton whose taste was in his
Tuchus
Stedman left greater magic
Greater media's WCS XFM Detroit is op manager after five years in February before joining classic rocker in March 2003
He served as PD of crossdown oldies WOMC FM. He's also had programming stints at K.E. Z. R.F. M. San Jose
Bill Stedman never heard him
And who the hell cares when he come right down to it?
Magic
No projects
He's gone well. The fourth lead no portion of this program may be reproduced to have a fresh
Incorporated it's thought to a Friday you best
Did
Joyce is out
Gettys
Oh, no, nothing bad radio.
Oh, Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh, they had parts.
Joyce went to Githilblast School.
Oh, they fought, stupid had, prior to the turn.
Oh, they had parts.
Oh, they had parts.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh, they fought, they fought, they fought, they fought.
That was down 165 points.
What was that? The miracle that happened yesterday.
But it went up 500 points after it was down 300.
It was down before it was up.
They were against it before they were for it and all another crap.
Well, here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
All you fools. All you silly people.
Oh, no, it's a buying opportunity, Neil.
Oh, yeah. Buy some GM.
Sounds like a good idea to me. Buy some Ford.
Anyway, here's a very good email from Ed, who generally speaking has nothing to say.
But Ed is right on target.
Says Neil, it sounds like Flea had a lover's quarrel with fat ass Joe Bell.
They must have me confused with Chris.
No, they don't have anybody confused with anyone else.
You're just off your feet today, man.
You're just show starts and on the phone is ringing off, though.
Can I say is Joe giving away tickets? No response.
Hey, Flea is Joe giving away tickets today.
It was a little loud in here.
Why is that?
The music. I don't know.
Because Flea.
Chris Flea's an idiot.
A torporia view.
You're not usually a chic like self.
That's what people want to hear when you're on your own.
Chris, you're turned up. So people can hear you.
Why?
Yeah, they can be copied and attituded with us on this show when you're going to sit in there.
For the big bucks they're pinning you to this.
Yeah, that's more like it.
For his volunteer work.
And to go back to what's his name?
Lefty Herkowitz, whatever the guy's name was before about the emails.
Oh, there are a couple on there.
Here's the fake Larry King.
See, I enjoy these.
I don't know what else wrong with these. They're funny.
Maybe lefty Schmecker-Witz don't have a sense of humor.
I don't know.
This is from the fake Larry King.
I enjoyed yesterday's show even though the fake Budell was probably full of crap.
Yes.
Did Howard's people really call? No.
It would be a go. No.
It would be a good move for you in my humble opinion.
Would you say you have just as many people listening on the internet as listening on radio? No.
By the way, do we ever get the archive?
I don't, I don't, I mean, I might as well bring it up myself.
Do we ever get that straight now or not?
No.
No.
Not that I know.
I'm still getting the emails you are. We are.
No, I'm not. I think it anything.
I was this morning. They're still screwed up.
Oh.
You should consider doing the Battle of the Talk shows to Steve Cain.
Oh, yeah, that would be fun.
I remember the ones you did at Wion Z.
Do you remember coming out on my show on KAT years ago?
I tried to talk Ralph Redneck into doing the same. Much love Larry.
I didn't come out on your show, Larry.
I came out on my own show.
But we did, it was on Larry's show though on IOD.
It wasn't on KAT. It was on IOD fake, Larry.
At least get the station right.
You faker.
Hank was on that show and sig shy and a bunch of other degenerate gamblers.
Phil Assaultsman.
Well, thanks, fake Larry.
And here's one more.
Heim and Roth says, no messing with Neil.
How about them Cain's? They're now seven and three.
Who cares? Cain's will this. Cain's will that?
Oh, give me a break.
Handley Ramirez wins the 2008 Silver Slugger Award.
What is this crap?
God.
PS George Rodriguez rules.
Oh, it's one of your people.
Oh, say something about Cuban sandwiches and buttons, something like that.
Oh, both good things.
Hey, Neil, is this possible? Can your mother be your sister?
Susanthony.
Which I have no idea what he's talking about or what's in reference to.
And there's nothing attached to it.
There's nothing like that.
Can your mother be your sister?
Maybe he's talking about that guy who's having another baby.
I have no idea what that means.
879 votes on the poll.
I hate this poll.
We're going to get the new one on there really soon.
And we get to 900.
Flea is not speaking to us today. He's got issues.
He will always.
Let me give him this pill.
Yeah, give him a big fat one.
Wheat.
A big round one.
That's the kind of thing.
Tell him not to stand up too fast and much fall out of his stomach.
Wreck him.
God.
What a sour push.
You can't come on radio with an attitude, okay?
You do every day.
What about that?
No, I do not.
I absolutely do not.
This is a radio show, okay?
This is me.
I don't come on here.
I'll piss off and bend out of shape.
I come on here like a happy guy.
Hey, everybody.
You're like that.
The board op isn't supposed to have this.
Okay, if the host has got a surly attitude,
that generates some response sometimes, not in this town, but used to.
But when the board op has got a freaking attitude,
you're getting worse in fact, Chris.
Well, we sure miss him, don't we?
Uh.
Now it's down 167.
I mean, it was a civilized question.
Is Joe giving away tickets?
That would explain why those lines were bringing all those punk kids.
I'm calling for the teacher.
I'm calling for the teacher.
What else the teacher doing?
Listen to the radio for crying out loud.
Teach the kids some crap, okay?
And quit using the radio as a teaching tool.
What are you going to learn on the Joe Roe show, okay?
Maybe they're going to learn to sing that jingle.
You feel like you bought from the fact I can hear all the kids in town singing that song all weekend long.
Can you hear it?
From the factory.
891 votes on this poll.
Looking back, what was the most mindless, stupid-ass waste of time you ever did or learned in school?
Probably calling up for radio station.
If your teachers got your call on your radio station for free tickets and they're all giggling like a bunch of little punks.
Those are probably like high school kids.
Now it sounded like kindergarteners, didn't they?
Giggling.
Giggling is for little girls, okay?
No, they were.
What?
Little girls?
Yeah, little moose.
School prayer time, 145.
Total waste of time.
Duck and Covered Drills, 119.
Writing, I will not blank over and over on the Blackboard 101.
Achievement test that requires filling in circle 77.
Diagramming sentence is 72.
Pledge of Allegiance to the flag for which it stands.
One nation under God.
I's now put that in there because he was a moron.
Under God, my ass.
69.
Memorizing poem is 61.
I went, I don't know what that's all about.
Did you ever memorize poems?
Sure.
All the time.
I didn't.
That's seconding a frog, 59.
Serving detention 49, study hall 37, fired rules 31.
Book reports 22.
Show until 18.
Standing in a corner is punishment 13 and dodge ball 8.
Out of 881 votes on this really marginal crappy pull.
Hey Charlie B, 885.
Like I said, we're getting 100 will change it.
We got a celebrity death.
Jody Reynolds is dead.
Not Joey Reynolds.
Jody Reynolds.
75.
He died from liver cancer and Palm Desert.
He was 75.
The 50s rockabilly singer and songwriter who's won an only top 10 hit endless sleep.
Was the first of a wave of melodramatic teen tragedy tales.
It peaked at number five on billboards, 158 open the door for a string of similarly tragic
pop hits including Mark Denning's Teen Agile Ray Peterson's Tell Laura I Love Her.
Johnny Preston's running bare the Everly Brothers Ebony eyes, Dickie Lee's patches,
and the Shangri-La's leader of the pack.
Ralph Joseph Reynolds was born December 3rd, 1932.
Was inducted into the Hall of Fame, the rockabilly Hall of Fame in 1909.
Rockabilly.
Based on one song I guess.
His family moved Oklahoma when he was a child.
He grew up listening to country and western music, acts such as Bob Wells, Hank Thompson and Eddie Arnold.
He started playing guitar in his early teens and formed a band that storms nearly 50s and then moved Arizona.
When radio stations started playing the raw energetic music of Elvis Presley, Carl Perkins and other
rising rockabilly acts, Reynolds, like when he heard, started emulating them.
He told the Phoenix New Times in 2001 that he wrote endless sleep in 1956,
right after listening to Elvis Presley's heartbreak hotel five times in a row on a jukebox.
He loved the desolate quality of the story and Presley's vocal came up with an even darker tale
about a boy and search of a girlfriend after they have a fight.
You don't have endless sleep?
I don't.
I mean I do have endless sleep but I don't have enough sleep.
She's still dead.
And how do you help that girl?
She don't deliver her answers.
No more time to worry.
You are the DQAM.
The fourth lead.
It works the lotion in the basket.
And now the sound of Joe Lieberman, the morning after the election.
I found such big plans.
Oh, oh.
Oh, who do you think I would like to do?
That I'm just watching you for a while.
It's not good for Israel.
I am.
Hello.
See, I thought we'd go to the college because they're so good because there's nothing in the emails.
A couple of them, but not too much of worthwhile.
So for Lawrence out there who's so concerned about the fact people can't get through on an email.
I mean, what kind of a comment is that?
The fake Greg Budeau and the fake Larry King are tying up the emails so nobody else can get through or they're dominating.
There's nothing else on there.
Don't you get it?
Don't you get it, Larry?
Just like the phone.
There's nothing on there.
These people have nothing to say.
Now the election is over unless they can send me a bunch of stupid articles about Sarah Palin and crap that nobody cares about anymore.
They have nothing to say.
It's been that way for years and years and you know something I still keep showing up here every day like a real trooper because they give me a big fat paycheck twice a month.
Just like George, man.
Oh, yeah.
He's getting a big fat one, not a paycheck.
Right.
Here's this suggestion from Jackson.
He says, flea needs to stay on the Joe Rocho.
You're on the Joe Rocho?
Oh, yeah.
I was yesterday.
You were?
Yes.
For one.
That was like a stunt guy.
They sent me down to the hotel to wake up the hokey players.
What?
He sent me down to the Shula Hotel to use a turkey called to wake up the Vitech players yesterday.
I think I'm finished.
No, no.
I think I've heard it all.
You've got to be kidding me.
I kid you not.
Whose idea was that?
Not sure, Joe.
Was that Drew Rosenstein?
Oh, God, I hate that guy.
The worst media horror in the history of the business.
I've never heard somebody say so much but you say so little.
No, all he does is kiss ass for all his clients.
That's all.
And I don't know why Joe keeps asking him about this one.
That one, well, because what does he expect?
He's going to criticize any of his clients that he's making 21 million a year siphoning off from their ass.
Yep.
Drew Rosenstein.
Why is he on this radio station?
That's what I want to know.
I have the same question.
And what do they tell you?
Shut up and do promotions.
Yeah, there you go.
Stay out of programming.
It's not your job.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello.
How are you doing, buddy?
OK.
Real quick poll, I do.
And I don't know if you guys have ever done this before.
You're your best nickname for an individual like Jimmy Sifilis or the Huracuns.
Can you guys ever done that before?
No.
Let's do it, man.
That's why I love your show.
You come up with the best.
OK.
Say how did Jimmy Sifilis?
All right.
See you.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're fair.
Wow.
Maybe Jimmy Sifilis will open your Limpress governor.
That would be a good match.
WQAM.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Good morning, sir.
I'm not a fan of Eisenhower's either, but he said a couple of things and did something
that made him feel good.
Yeah, well, that's good.
So listen, if you throw enough crap against the wall, some of it sticks.
Well, I mean, a country that outsecured borders in the country, I think you're right with that.
Yeah.
Well, you know something he's been dead a long time.
I know.
And he also saw a need for moving the military around.
And so they come up with a plan to build the building.
He said again, he's been dead for a very long time.
Well, we could use a little bit of that knowledge though.
Yeah.
Well, dig him up and see what you have to say.
See if he's got any interest, any interest.
He was the most illiterate president, even more illiterate than the current occupant of the White House,
which I know is startling, but it's true.
Interest.
Well, he was a general.
He wasn't like a politician, you know.
He was a general.
Wait till you hear this from the mole.
Sirius trouble.
Big losses and cloudy future.
Oh, no.
I guess there goes our deal, huh?
Call up the fake Greg Vidal and tell him the deal is off.
We killed a whole day with that crap yesterday, as Phony is a $45 bill.
Well, that's what it's about anyway.
So let's hear from the fake sunny fox.
Come on.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Mel Carmas and Sounds, an upbeat tone for a chief executive of his company, Sirius XM Radio,
just announced a loss of almost $5 billion.
That's with a B.
$5 billion.
And somebody thinks they're going to pay me money?
Oh, you're dreaming.
During a conference called with Amelist and reporters to discuss third quarter results,
Carmas and on Monday called the company's performance impressive,
considering the macroeconomic environment.
In other words, a bunch of double talk.
Indeed, the troubled satellite radio provider showed some encouraging signs.
The company ended the quarter with 18.9 million subscribers of 17% from a year earlier.
Sales also rose for Sirius XM, the product of the July merger of the White House.
Sirius XM and Sirius had the company been combined for the full three months and end in September.
Its revenue would have risen 16% to 613 million.
I'm going to sneeze.
He.
He.
Hey.
Look at the light.
Look at the light.
Look at the light.
Carmas is also quite optimistic about the company's ability to refinance $210 million in death.
Uh, due in February, some of the billion dollars in liability of the company faces this year.
The tone of the conference calls seem to provide some negative, inconclusive reassurance on the near term debt refinancing said,
Tuna Amobi, an analyst at Standard and Pours, Tuna Amobi, sounds fishy to me.
How's the big tuna, do you want to?
Stinks like fish.
For some companies, growth of any kind is commendable when the economy is slumping into recession,
and customers are curtailing spending on everything but the essentials.
We are growing significantly in companies larger than us and smaller than us are not, Carmas and said.
Sirius XM into the quarter with the $359 million in cash down from 439 million last December.
XM shares rose 3.9% to $0.28 a share Monday.
The day the quarterly financial results were announced.
The stocks closed Thursday up to $0.27 a share.
Is that impressive or what?
$0.27 a share?
Impressive.
Growth aside, some of the companies biggest challenges haven't subsided.
Sirius XM sustained a third quarter loss of more than $4.88 billion reflecting the declining value of its merged assets.
And investors are still awaiting details on debt refinancing from a company that's expressed confidence on the matter for months.
Further results through September don't reflect any more recent economic troubles, including new indications of a collapse in the US auto industry,
a big source of sales of Sirius radio service.
Nobody buys any cars, nobody's going to be here and no Sirius, I'm Sirial.
While Carmas and said the companies higher end packages are selling well,
subscribers may yet tighten their belts and cut back on satellite radio.
Butterbeap, butterboop, butterbub.
To meet targets, the company is slashing costs in part by eliminating 22% of its workforce.
More dramatic drastic measures may be called for.
I'm all we say they're probably going to go deeper.
They're firing everybody in sight, flea.
I think that's something that Joe Bell ought to think about.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
We need a, what do we need a promotions director for on a station that doesn't do any promotions?
That's idea of a promotion is to send some quack down into the hotel to wake up the Virginia Tech ball players by they're trying to screw their brammy and get a good night's sleep.
Hey, why are you trying to get me fired?
Because your attitude this morning is disgraceful. I thought you were a friend.
I am.
Joe starts asking a question and there's deathly silence.
He's playing, he's playing the Hertz silent wounded car.
Don't take your problems with Joe Bell out on us.
Okay, I'm sorry. I'm actually starting to feel better now that I'm on the show.
Oh, here you go. Greg Budell.
I know Norm is telling you to keep everything off the air, which is good advice if you're under contract.
I did my best to get the right people in touch with you.
It would be fun to have you on serious exam, but if it doesn't work out, we love you all the same.
Just hate to see you waste away at WDQAAM.
You're one of the best in the business.
Bye for now. The fake Greg aka Sunny V.
Hey, son.
The best out of you.
He's in your projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's Friday. You wasted.
I just want to say to everyone who's a little disappointed that we lost the election, that there's always next year.
Maybe I'll rent for Vice President again in 2009.
Here's a list of worry about Sarah and Tom.
One is a deep of the other, does I get her right?
Spends lots of money on shoes and clothes, has fancy glasses on the zipper, her nose.
They know that certainly there is absolutely no diva, Yiddi.
And back to the laugh about that, Critic.
McCain said, do you want a BB?
Don't answer questions and act, Patrick.
Here's a hundred fifty grand. Now go, go, go.
You grab the whole family and send it to you.
Come on, guys. Let's go on a shopping street.
Pick with a consignment shop.
Are you guys in church?
Well, Todd bought a Parkinson's, he's a connoisseur.
Sarah bought a coat that was made of moose fur.
Plain of water, daughter of maternity clothes.
Shoot a whan of water, bird control.
Pills that is contraception.
Baby is having fake.
This age is a diva and the question what she spends.
Is Africa a country or a continent?
Oh, you're not BB, we'll save farewell.
We'll watch a talk show until 2012.
Mrs. Palin, have you seen or heard from John McCain?
No, I don't really know where he went.
1046, 14 before 11.
Let's take a look at the schedule today.
We got the big O at Carolina Alhouse, two to four.
Jim Mandage at Carolina Alhouse, four to seven.
And often tonight, seven to eight.
They're on Uranus.
D-A-Show 8 to 11 and then after that, you don't want to know.
Oh, we got Greg Lykins, 11 at I-Tow-One in the morning.
You're like a live person.
Who's Greg Lykins, Bordeaux?
With the G-O-R-A-Show.
What's wrong with you today?
Why not?
Did you answer your question?
No, but is there something wrong with him today, George?
Well, his hair doesn't look as good as it normally does.
No.
He usually got quite the styling at that.
He doesn't sound sharp, like usual.
Yeah, sharp and pure.
He doesn't have any product in it.
He didn't spend a whole lot of time with it this morning.
I'm going with the cordist look.
God.
The bull cut.
Yeah, bull is the word for cordists.
Yesterday, and we still, we faked him out.
We still sold our certificates for like for sure less than about two minutes or less.
But on the left hand side of that QM.com, they got a big air conditioning ad just running up and down the whole left side of the covering up my push.
And I don't know how we saw those things out even.
Just another roadblock they threw on our way.
Oh, I got nothing to do with that.
Send me a check.
Send me a check.
I'll send you a check.
And all the numbers on the check will be.
Oh, everyone of them.
Both of them.
Oh, point.
Oh, kind of like I said the kids numbers in the morning cross the street.
One thing when you have a big mouth and you got nothing to back it up, that's really sad.
David says I thought Zach was supposed to be on the show today.
I was looking forward to sending some emails from the fake Zach ripping him an ass.
He was supposed to be on yesterday and then the FATSO, the other FATSO, Chris, out of the kindness of his heart decided,
Oh, I guess I better stay into the show.
Even though I got to work 40 hours on the Keynes game, the Keynes.
All these front-running phonies, man.
Oh, all the bandwagon jumpers.
Here's another one about Flea.
They're not too happy with you today and I'm not either.
I'm really disappointed.
I thought you were a friend.
I am.
You're not.
Is he our friend, George?
He's my buddy.
No.
The Dow's down to 80 already.
Well, I got to hear about that 500 points that they picked up yesterday.
So what was it that happened yesterday?
I was at the dentist and I come home and the Dow's up 500 points.
Now, what was it that created the big turnaround?
I don't know.
Was it a buying opportunity?
Is that what the deal was?
Here's one from somebody that says subject tick, squished at squeaky voice tick,
bastard MF.
Get off the air, you little MF.
That's what they're trying to say.
It's like the big black guy in reverse.
Bill says just wanted a vent for a minute.
I understand that beating out the banks is necessary.
Although I don't like it, but where the hell do major car manufacturers get off asking for bailout money?
I've struggled for 10 years to get my business going.
It's doing great.
I have a nice house which I could afford to buy.
I'd drive a nice car.
I have money to spend.
Like all the executives who've lived high in the hog all these years and now in trouble,
they want the government to bail them out.
I'm sure if my company went sideways, I could always call the government,
have them help me out.
Sure.
I'm Matt as hell, Neil says Bill.
Bill is pissed off and fired up.
He's had it.
I was mad at him.
I was just thinking of anyone.
Here's another one says, flea needs to go back under Joe's desk with his schmitty attitude.
They don't like you attitude this morning.
Usually you're bubbly and perky and like, you know, right there.
Now, is it something you want to share with us?
Is it the part of your personal life that we can't discuss on the air?
Or is it in the building?
No, my personal life is great.
Well, then what's going on inside the building?
It's tired and beat up and just tired.
Tired of what?
Tired of Joe?
Tired of the schmitt.
No.
Any specifics?
Any want to give us an instance?
Come on.
No, you know, it's just...
Yeah, we don't do like marketing promotions for your show, but we do a lot of promotions and we just hoard out and do like five things at the same time and it's just bad.
And I complain to nobody listens.
Yeah.
So now I know how you feel.
Oh, yeah, well, they sure don't listen to me.
And if they don't listen to you, they're not going to listen to me.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
Joyce says if you just screen the calls.
These people have no...
Oh, here's a pig report in Pepirk Pines.
Just another crime free day in the Pines.
Got an attachment there.
I don't open attachments.
I don't go to links.
Sorry.
Sorry.
If you could type out the ten words that you typed out, you could have typed out another ten to tell us what the hell was going on.
But you couldn't do that.
This thing with the emailsman has gone right in the toilet.
Neil at NeilRodges.com.
I'm ready to submit, can it?
I mean, it's there.
You know, it's always going to be there, but it's just...
It's gone from being a tremendously worthwhile tool to being a waste of time.
And if it weren't the last few days for the fake fat Chris and the fake Greg Vue del and the fake Larry King,
we wouldn't have much of anything.
Larry.
Larry, that was giving me a song and an answer.
But I, oh, at least fake people, that you're reading.
I mean, they block on everybody.
There is nobody else, Larry.
There is nobody else.
So a couple of wise guys that I block that send, you know, five word things about, oh, dolphins going to win the Super Bowl.
Like that.
Oh, I said when we got to 900 votes on the pool, I changed it.
You got 915.
You got 915, I lied.
Well, you didn't alert me.
Let's switch over to the new one, which I like much better.
Who's this from?
Oh, it's from J.Y.R.O. Chronic Faxor.
Emailer.
Chronic.
What cosmetic procedures should Neil get?
Hair transplant, nose job, lip enlargement, radio carotony, stomach stapling, chest hair removal, penis enlargement.
That's what I'm voting.
Annel bleaching, basic face lift or droopy eyelift.
I don't have droopy eyelids.
I like that.
They can be fur, by the way.
I had some email yesterday afternoon from some moron, some punk.
Oh, give me that picture.
If I look like that, I don't look like that.
That's from 20 years ago.
But again, maybe somebody would have to read to you the caption under the picture.
Neil, circa 1988.
I explained you what that means.
I think if I look like that right now, I put that picture on there.
I don't think I look all that great right now.
I'm still fat.
I'm still tubbing.
Not as fat as Zach.
And certainly not as fat as fat Chris.
God.
There are plenty of people in this business and around the business for a damn size fat or an eye-amp.
That was funny.
Okay, here's the final tally on that horrible poll.
915 votes looking back what was the most mindless, stupid-ass waste of time you ever did or learned in school.
School prayer time 149.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Duck and Covered Reels 120.
Writing, I will not whatever over and over 103.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil, you were talking about Sid Roosevelt's a burg in hell.
He has a big mouth and nothing to back it up.
Why don't you tell me what you were here to back up your shoe?
I got you.
I got you.
You got me for what?
You don't have me.
I got you.
You're fucking up there.
I got you, babe.
Achievement test that required filling in circles 80.
Diagramming sentences 77.
Pudging allegiance to the flag 74.
Memorizing poem 65.
I seconding a frog 63 serving detention 51.
Study all 39.
Fire drills 31.
Book reports 22.
Show until 19.
Standing in the corner is punishment 14 and dodge ball 8.
Really bad pull.
I apologize in advance.
I was one of Charlie B's worst ever.
And that covers a lot of territory.
WQAM, hello.
I'm your friend.
QAM, hello.
That sweaty bitch Joyce is cut back on the bitch so you can't play the...
WQAM, hello.
Legal ending Canada.
And, oh, that was it.
That was the last one.
Well, I'm sure.
We're inundated with emails right now.
Let's go to those.
What is that?
What?
Oh, there's a couple.
Well, there's a couple, but they're both the same one.
Come on, you know, please a little light in the loafers.
No, he's not.
And I'm sure, yeah, but he said it twice.
It was so important.
He said it twice.
He has a life, you know.
Right.
12 votes on the pool and five of them say I should get a penis enlargement.
And why are they saying that?
Because that's what I said.
What do they know about my goods?
You know what I'm saying?
What do they know?
What are your bads?
That's right.
Dow is down 233 points.
It looks like a real selling opportunity.
How about the serious thing?
It's $277.
I think the dollar is $60QAM.
Think for it's legal.
The biggest name is the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560WQAM.
I'm my Miami Ford Lutterdale.
This is the Neorodger.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Hey, it's Chris Matthews from Hodgeball on MSNBC.
I'm as giddy as a Catholic scroll girl going to see the Johnus brothers.
I'm literally tangle all over my body.
I'm having the sensation I'm back at high school.
My cramped day is highly priced.
I literally feel like I beat the York peppermint patty and the corn breeze is blowing through my hair.
I truly have not felt this good since Nancy Pelosi accidentally brushed her hand against my men junk and the congressional elevator.
I feel as if I'm completely naked on top of a mountain eating pepperoni pizza and drinking chocolatey you.
I completely tangle this regard for fairness is actually worked out in my favor.
I think the only time I may feel more happiness is when I have to sit down and write out what I owe in taxes for the year.
And it's almost half my salary.
It's going to be great.
Of course there are more of this that make I'm close to that happiness.
Like interviewing the opposition people have voted for John McCain.
Like this post love.
How do you feel sir?
Well I can hear you.
Go ahead.
How do you feel?
What I want to do is do your brain.
How about that?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
What do you want?
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Thoughts.
That'll have to let you finish it.
Thought my guy was.
Chris Repdus, how about MSNBC?
I'm just going to play those three or four bits over and over again.
Do you think?
I would argue with you.
1101 at 560 WQM we are not broadcasting from the Carolina Alhouse but the big O and Mad Dog will be.
To celebrate the Keynes victory in the course to get out ready for the Keynes playing.
Through the dolphins playing other little girls team the Raiders on Sunday.
Oh we are going to be 6 and 4.
We are going to be 6 and 4.
Man, let it add add add.
Great.
How about those leaf slides?
Right there in Edmonton, pounded the crap out of those oilers.
Five to two.
Ganye sneaks in the back door.
Good play by Ganye to hide from the leafs.
And then a right handed shotty as the bull look of the net.
Matt Greg Millenman, somebody ought to shove a bowling ball in his mouth between him and that freaking pierre McGuire.
But nevertheless, there got to be some guys have written in their contract.
They get paid by the word.
When we go to serious XM let's make sure we get that in our contract.
We get all the word because they got so much money.
You know they're rolling in dough.
That's right.
This is as long as Howard keeps getting paid.
That's what that's all about.
Howard and Mill, Mel and Howard, 37 votes on the new pool.
Which cosmetic procedure should he'll get?
Penis and large men 10, anal bleaching 6.
I don't even know what that light is.
I was going to ask you.
I don't know.
You're going to ask me?
I've never heard of an 8 out of it before.
No, I didn't put it on there.
It was a J.Y.R.O.
The jerk that sent the pool and put it on there.
anal bleaching.
None.
Neil is perfect.
Five. Where the hell did that come from?
I put that on there.
Oh, you're one.
You stopped being such a suckle.
No, what did they hate to around the building?
You said it's a little suckle.
Neil is perfect.
Oh, you haven't seen him lately then.
Oh, God.
What a suck.
You know something.
You're worse suckle than the Drew Rosenstein House.
Oh, no.
That's a shock.
Yeah.
Now, you are.
No wonder you and Johnny Joe get along so well.
You've been on his testes.
He's hit for so many years.
How long you worked with that loser?
On and off.
I don't know.
Ten years.
No, see?
Ten years with that.
And we're asking why you're depressed?
God.
Penis enlargement 11.
None.
Neil is perfect.
Seven.
anal bleaching.
Seven.
stomach stapling.
Four.
Her transplant.
Four.
I just shaved my head last night.
You inspired me with all that talk about the pizmo.
You sent me this thing.
I can find one of those, by the way.
I can tell you what an anal bleaching is now.
Yeah.
Is the practice of bleaching, the pigmentation of the skin, of light skin to people around the anus.
It is used for cosmetic purposes.
A cream is used containing about 20% hydro something kind of a bleach.
Basic facelift three.
Now, what does that say?
A mechsectomy, too.
Yeah, yeah, I added that.
Drupi is to radial carotomy to lip enlargement one.
Chest hair removal and nose job.
None.
43 vote.
A mechsectomy.
That is so cute.
Sometimes they grow on your back and you gotta get a needle.
Yeah.
Sometimes you're full of crap.
No one will hate you.
I can still stop paying it on that check.
I know.
You have a catch to it.
Yeah.
No.
No.
Ungrateful little stick.
That's not true.
That's somebody else who knows.
Yeah.
I'm very happy.
I'm a grateful little stick.
Nice job.
I'm buying the Nazi-mobile you Jew self-aiding Jew.
What caused the market to jump up yesterday says Pablo and Miami was the fact that around 1pm the DGA, the Dow Jones sunk to 1 to 8000 points and somebody yelled enough of this.
Oh, thanks Pablo.
Pablo is obviously a financial expert.
Speaking of finances, retail sales plunged by the largest amount on record in October as the financial crisis in the, oh, and by the way, rush and the other right wingers are already calling it the Obama recession.
He's too much away from taking office, but it's already Obama's recession.
What about a Nazi bastards?
Oh my god.
Speaking of Nazis.
As the financial crisis in the slumping economy, because consumers is sharply cut back under spending, the Commerce Department said Friday that retail sales fell by 2.8% last months or passing the old mark of a 2.65% drop in November 2001 in the wake of the 9.11 attacks.
The decline in sales was led by a huge drop in auto purchases, but sales of all types of products from furniture to clothing fell as consumers retrenched.
The 2.8% drop marked the fourth consecutive monthly decline in retail sales and was much bigger than the 2% fall economist expected was led by a 5.5% plunge in auto sales.
The biggest drop since August of 2005.
Excluding auto's retail sales fell by 2.2% also a record decline, underscoring the widespread weakness last month.
We got a freaking depression.
And what are these people worried about?
Is Sarah Palem going to run in 2012?
That's what the media is worried about.
Is Sarah ready for the job?
God.
And flea is flea up to the... I don't think flea is ready for the job.
I know yours is not a sports show, says Armando, but can you tell me if the Fins game will be televised locally in Miami in case...
Oh and in case I'm not in the year, can you please reprieve me off the year?
He wants me to send him an email back.
Armando the Cuban.
Believe me Armando, the real Cubans are anything to do with you. He must be also the fake Cuban.
How the hell do I know if they sell it out or what flea? You should know.
I haven't heard it. It's sold out now.
You are so full of crap.
Just a vast barrel of information.
For Lauderdale in Miami are the final two cities in Wendy's 25-stop great taste tour, which features a mobile kitchen music and prizes.
It says head to a high-zinger plaza downtown for Lauderdale, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesday, when Wendy's will give away 1,000, quarter pound singles and 2,000, $5 Wendy's gift cards.
All free. The same promotion will be repeated, 10 to 2 Friday, November 21, next Friday at Bayfront Park in Miami.
Get there early. It says the burgers will have run out soon as 1 o'clock in other cities.
If you don't have time to eat picnic style on the site, just grab a gift card and go.
A zinger plaza is at the intersection of Las Olas Boulevard and Andrew Zabito.
Bayfront Park is just south of the Triple A arena at 301 Biscayne Boulevard.
I love Wendy's. Don't you like Wendy? I don't know anybody who doesn't like Wendy's.
Right. And I even like KFC now. I told you, Paco brought me a chicken sandwich last night from KFC. Right.
Neil, anal bleaching, a lot of porn stars to keep pink, it says.
It's got an attachment here which I'm deleting.
Let me ask you something. How is it possible? Seriously. How is it possible? How many times do I need to say?
Don't send me attachments and don't send me links on the email. I'm not going to open them. I'm not going to look at them.
I don't have time to posh give round with that.
How many million times have I said that since we've been doing this email thing?
About 100 million? 30 million times. I've said that. And they keep sending me this craft.
Over and over and over again. Like a bunch of little school kids.
Like those kids that call the beginning of the show. The teacher was having them call up Joe Rocho.
Which the teacher so stupid doesn't realize the show ends at 10 o'clock. Nice going teach. WQ AM. Hello.
Neil, we hate to prove like WQ AM. Hello. Hey, Neil, I got to tell you why I saw the other day. Yeah. The fake world.
Hey, I'm with down here for that governor thing in Miami. Afterwards I see now one of the strip club.
You're trying to raise money for 2012. It was great.
What? I heard you the first time was weak. It was bad the first time. It's going to be more.
If I had you repeated it. Trying to raise money for 20 travel was great. It was great. See what I mean?
This is South Florida. This is their material.
What have I always said? There's nothing worse than people who are not funny trying to be funny.
Nothing. That's why footy lost his show. Hey, Futsi, how's that show doing? How's Jimmy Cifalus doing? You fairy.
And I know that Ray Charles was interested in having us over there on cheap channel. Wasn't that his name Ray Charles? Yeah, is that a name?
Don't you remember we kept getting most from the fake Larry King? I know that so and so was.
Come on, where's the fake sunny Fox today? Let's get some good material sunny.
How do you like that? How that bastard turned on us and didn't I support him when he was auditioning there at the Pax and IOD?
Was nice. I heard over that. Yeah.
Joja Ray Charles.
Program director and operations manager at WIOD and cheap channel Miami. Hey Ray. Joja Joja.
Joja. He's still dead by the way Ray Charles. Yes. And by the way, the Miami dolphin game is sold out and there is no blackout.
All right. We love the dolphins. The win again. We're on the bad wagon because we're a stupid man.
72 votes on the poll. Now what'd we do in the first one? 900 and some we don't care. It's a Friday and flea doesn't care at all.
And Georgia course could care less. Georgia's got bigger fish to fry. He's got the roller rink next Thursday. He's got my check coming one day soon.
WCYM Hello. I'm your body. QAM Hello. QAM.
I was just going to say don't forgive himself.
Guess what? WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello. QAM Hello.
Thanks for taking my call. Do you look?
Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. Good bye. WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello. WCYM Hello.
QAM Hello. QAM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
WCYM Hello.
going to work on it like this weekend or something.
Now he posted a notice, I asked him to post a notice above the archives.
Like you got our page?
Yeah, above the archives saying that you or I have nothing to do with it, can do nothing about it, so stop bugging us about it or something.
Where is that?
I'm looking.
Should be a right above the archives or somewhere.
I don't see it.
Sure.
I'm looking.
Here are the archives.
I'm looking.
Right there at the where it says show archives, archive problems.
The archives are currently being worked on and we'll probably be working again sometime over the weekend.
Until then, please be patient and refrain from emailing Neil and George.
Now that's right.
Thanks Eric.
Leave us alone in other words, there's nothing we can do about it.
Eric is the man.
He the man.
And he's been doing this website for a hundred years for us and believe you mean he's making a fortune doing it.
Not.
The mole says for $50 Canadian that will be fleet up.
By the way, George is right.
Please, wife is hot.
Way too hot for that tweaky twerp.
The big old sucks, but not as bad as Joe's.
But it's all heard that.
She won't come along.
She won't come along for the ride.
No.
You know, I already blocked human events, which is a Nazi publication.
Why?
Why somebody hooked me up with that?
I'm blocking it again.
I don't want human events.
Okay.
Quit sending me right wing crap.
Quit sending me Nazi propaganda.
91 votes on the new pool.
28 people say, oh, no.
Why did you put that on there?
That's so gross.
Nothing.
Neil is perfect.
I mean, that says.
I don't like asking.
Okay.
Literally or figuratively.
And flea's got to put something on trying to ingratiate himself with me, assuming that I'm going to be impressed by that because of his intent to behave here today.
Eric Coutie has been working on it, by the way.
Q.A.M.
Hey.
Yeah.
I'd speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Let me say it again.
Speaking.
Get on it, you.
Alisa says, I just wanted to say, yippie for the jets.
Please don't call me an obnoxious New Yorker.
I'm a long-suffering jets fan living back in New York.
Having moved back from South Florida last year.
Congratulations, Alisa.
I'm still not sure which places were accepted.
It's called Crapian Dank here.
And I missed a heat of Florida.
I know you're a Patriot fan.
Last night was a nail-biter.
No defense, honey.
If they'd have played it all, if they would have played a lick in the first half, you guys would never have had a chance.
If they would have licked it in the first half.
I was never so embarrassed, even the dolphin game, which was really embarrassing.
It was nothing compared to the first half last night.
And then they make that phenomenal come from behind twice, including with one second left in regulation,
and right off the bat and over time they blow it.
The defense sucks.
It says, I can't believe they're almost something.
They almost blew it.
But remember my dear Uncle Neil, New England had their place in the sun and had the beautiful Tom Brady between...
Had he been there, I might not be celebrating the...
Yeah, poor Matt Castle played a bad game.
He only threw 400 yards.
Alisa, obviously, you know nothing about football.
And believe me, Tom Brady ain't no Matt Castle when it comes to looks.
Anyway, it's finally time for the jets with Farberthelm to see the Super Bowl.
Well, I can open, anyway.
I love you.
Alisa's streaming from Long Island.
She's streaming it.
Oh, here's J.Y. R.O. again, 26 J.R.O.
Now, if you go into a Greek restaurant, what do you call it?
A gyro or a hero?
Oh, we've had that discussion.
I know. What do you think?
A Greek hero.
So I call it a hero.
A hero?
They go, yee-ro.
No, not a hero.
All right.
Eurone's currency, mister.
Go find you a Greek and ask them how they say it.
I don't want to have fun while you're doing it.
All right, argue with them.
Well, maybe somebody will tell us.
We have five different answers.
This is the problem.
You'll get...
The TSX is down 208.
There's your president.
The summit, he says, he'll be pushing for unity.
Yeah, push this.
Thank you for the horrible economy, mister president.
Those awful gas prices, although they sure have dropped precipitously.
You see, oil was down to like 55 bucks a barrel.
Now, it's 56.30, 56.43.
56.43.
And it was 143 bucks, not that long ago.
The Canadian Lune is 81.89.
It was down to like almost 80 cents.
Now, it's 81.
That's good.
Good for me.
It saves me a lot of money.
Oh, you're spending all that money in the Canadian economy, you anti-American.
Yeah, all right.
Whatever you say.
Jiro says you can prevent an anal stain by being cautious in the bathroom.
Being cautious in the bathroom.
We suggest using a moi...we.
We suggest using a moist wipe after every bowel movement.
I guess Jiro finally told us about his area of expertise.
This will ensure that the area remains clean and stain-free.
Using a moist wipe is especially important if you're in the process of bleaching that area.
Baby wipes can work if you have some handy, but you can't flush them.
Cotton-nell moist wipes are probably a better choice for adults.
They are flushable.
You don't have to worry about clogging your plumbing.
Says Jiro, who's got his head in the toilet.
Keep it in there for a few hours, Jiro.
You're chronic.
Speaking of chronic, here's Armando back again about the Iraq documentary.
I hate to see him chronic, but have you heard anything about the documentary I mentioned?
No.
You can send me the same email every day from now until seven years from Succus.
And I'm still going to say no.
We don't know the name of it.
You don't know where you see it.
We don't know nothing.
Armando.
I hate to see him chronic.
No, you don't.
You are chronic.
That's what your whole life is all about being chronic.
Being obnoxious and disgusting.
I hope nobody lives with you.
I hope you have no neighbors.
Have you seen that Iraq documentary at George's when he's always talking about?
Nope.
That we don't know the name of or where you see it.
Nope.
And where you find it.
The fake Adam Kirschner is back.
And since the mad dog and the big O are doing their shows this afternoon, it says the ale house has got the best French fries.
The Pemberpines ale house.
Is that Carolina ale house?
Is that the one we're talking about?
No, Carolina ale house is a separate kind of ale house and it's in western.
Oh, so what the hell do we care about this other place?
You should check it out next time you're talking.
First of all, I don't eat French fries.
Adam, I'm not interested.
I do like onion rings.
I hate French fries.
And also, are you leaving QA with the end of the year?
No, I'm not.
But loads sign the fake Adam.
No, I'm not.
What would make anybody think I'm leaving QA with the end of the year?
I'll let Phoney and Chazarai we had from the fake Greg Budell and Sonny Fox yesterday in the fake Larry King and the fake this one and that one.
And the fake Jeremy Coleman.
Get some serious stock, baby.
27 cents a share.
Get a couple dollars worth.
We got a hundred eight votes on the poll.
I better get back to my CNN.
So I can tell you how bad the Dow is today.
Oh, you're so nasty.
All of us have our whole life savings and stock.
Well, I didn't tell you to do it.
Haven't I been telling them for years here comes the bunny and there goes the money.
It's a big it's a shell game.
Remember the shell game on the prices right?
Yes, that's what the stock market is.
It's a shell game.
Paul says anal bleaching is necessary.
If you will often be exposing that area now we come to an area that the audience is responding to.
Yeah, back home.
It's right up there.
Allie.
It has a nice clean look when done right.
I did it before visiting my proctologist to clean up because she was really hot.
I walked away empty handed sort of says Paul.
Subject anal.
Yeah, we finally reached an area that these people are going to say.
We've got some deep interest in man.
Anal bleaching.
I never heard of it in my life.
No, neither.
Oh, here's another one from the fake Adam.
Have you noticed how many radio insiders listen to your show?
You still have it, buddy.
Signed the fake Adam.
Yeah, all two or three of them that keep sending the same stuff.
Here's one from the fake Andy Calb.
Executive director at ABC News Radio.
Hi, Neil.
I'd love to hear a Neil Rogers and Phil Henry reunion.
The Rick and Suds Neil Rogers Phil Henry, D.Foh and Manage lineup was the best ever.
Are you really going to serious?
No.
I hear Phil's been negotiating for months.
They won't pony up the money even though they pay a highway in his buddy's millions.
That's what it's all about fake Andy.
It's all about how he and his buddy.
Not today and long time ago.
You did.
And when you've only been, oh, look at that.
And look who's working for human events, the unmentionable ones.
Wow.
The best talent.
You're giving your rejects.
I think I'm 40 years old.
I'm 60 K.A.M.
I think I'm 40 years old.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Come on, Flee.
Boy, he's not even in there, man.
It's Friday.
You bastard.
STD Layton Strip Joy's.
Approved by Joyce.
Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling scams.
Approved by Joyce.
Words containing the word bad.
Rejected by Joyce.
Directile dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Tova Sounds resembling Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Blight in sports related baggery.
And sports your hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Oh, look at that.
Eros as in the currency euro.
Yeah.
Somebody says.
GYRO West, the food is euro.
Yes, the silent.
This is what I say.
Well, now what do you mean right?
What do you do back in there?
I was just calling for you and you weren't even in there.
I was doing my other part-time job as a promotion director.
He is doing duty.
I'm sorry.
His duty.
Now let me ask you something.
Are you working the show today or not?
Absolutely.
I mean, if not, just tell us.
That's all.
We'll make do.
I'm here for you.
100%.
We'll make do do.
No, you're not.
Okay, 95.
The last break that I'm saying ended and there was no these sports leader, you know, which is the redjoin.
Well, you would think after that playing a thousand times, Clarence might fix that.
Well, why don't you go in here and kick his ass?
Go in that office and kick his ass right now.
I can't hear you.
Listen, you little weasel.
You little fuckhole.
Where were it, Rizzie now?
I don't know.
Probably I was Jolly Joe doing some numbers.
The SS silent year old taking your advice years ago, I got the hell out of South Florida, lived in Creek, Greece for two years.
Sorry, I ever came back.
PS tell George Feta is pronounced Feta.
It kills me when he says Feta.
Well, he likes Feta.
I say Feta.
I don't know.
Maybe I...
I think they're full of crap.
I think they're full of Feta.
Feta.
Feta.
Where is that?
Feta.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, you know, I just hear her voice on that one word and it just gives me schilky, is that a...
It's not personal, it's business.
Okay, so hero, euro.
I would never...
You would go to a Greek restaurant, so yeah, let me have a euro.
This is always the issue.
That's hard date.
Oh, here's J-ro.
Stop rubbing me as a chronic.
Get out.
I hear you sent five emails this week.
You sent five this hour.
Anyway, I've been listening for 30 years since the WNWS days with you.
Alice Shirley Craig, Jerry Ernie, and the psychic.
Can't recall her name.
What that was her name, that old lady.
Reverend Emma.
And so I'm entitled to be a bit of a...
No, you're not.
These people think because they've been...
I appreciate their listening.
That's wonderful.
Thank you so much.
But that doesn't entitle you to like send 4,000 emails.
Although we did send a poll.
I like the poll.
Thanks, J-ro.
I never called for 29 years now that you're taking emails like I'm finally participating.
So if you don't like it, then stay in Canada, you do bastard.
Get your facts right, Mr. As I'm absolutely correct, sir, using everybody else's material.
J-ro.
I sent a total of five emails this week.
My ass.
Oh, here's one about the brown eye, it says.
You get your ass bleached so your big brown eye doesn't wink when you flex your rectum.
This is big with chicks.
Mine is too hairy.
Like most men, and I'm sure yours too, although I've seen some women with hairy asses as well as his rob.
You've seen women with a hairy ass?
Oh, I don't believe that, do you?
Yes.
Women with a hairy ass?
Yes.
Oh, that just sounds un-American.
Certainly not French women.
No, probably French women.
I see French women that would buy with mustache.
I'm not going to wood buy today, I'm taking the day off.
I'm going to get a really good lunch today.
And bright and early tomorrow morning.
Oh, that's right, fat Chris isn't with us today to chastise me for getting up at five in the morning and going there early so I can play any machine I want.
You've got to find the hot machine, man.
And you can't do it when the place is crowded and most of the machines are taken.
You've got to find the hot machine, man.
You got it?
Got it.
Get it.
What are we going to do with this little food bastard anyway?
Now, you know what's the story for next week?
Do we have next week's schedule of this Friday?
I don't see one.
I don't see it.
Might be out there.
There are no references in there.
He's busy doing several numbers with Fat Jolly Joe.
They're rolling around in the hay.
I want to see what the deal is because he didn't tell us did he?
Fat Chris, he lies anyway.
Well, what's the deal?
You must know.
You lie also, please.
You said you didn't know you were going to be on on Monday.
And I was, I don't know if I'm on Monday.
Corn of Fat Chris, that was a lie.
He said you knew during the show you were going to be on on Monday.
No way.
He said, I was there when he told you that he was only going to be off on Friday.
And I don't know if I'm working on Monday.
So this is what we resorted to now.
Two board ops who show up sparsely calling each other live.
Yeah.
I had no reason to lie about it.
Why would I lie about it?
Beats me.
That's when he said, I'd beat him up.
Have to finish with Clarex beat up Fat Chris.
Like sticking your hand into a bull full of jello.
Paul, who's chronic, he says subject back to back.
Yeah, he sent me two emails.
Listen, don't feel bad.
All you chronic stuff.
They're just keep the emails coming.
We'll take anything we can get.
And that includes fake, this one and fake that one.
And even the fake Greg Vidal sunny Fox.
Neil at neorodges.com.
Or here's yug, yug, yug, yug.
Business week magazine said last month,
if serious is unable to renegotiate their debt by February,
they'll be forced to declare bankruptcy.
In addition, the article states that Howard Stern and his agent were given 56 million shares in 2006 and 2007.
Just last December, they were worth $220 million.
But it's unclear if they sold the shares if they did not.
The shares now are worth 14 million from 220 million to 14 million poor babies.
God, and he's getting paid 50 million a year for anything else Robin anything else Robin.
I've tried to tolerate the obsession granted.
He's the wizard of media hype, wizard of hype, not of talent of hype.
Once upon a time, many years ago, now he used to be funny as hell.
Long time ago.
And more power to him.
You know, I wish I wish all of us could get a little piece.
I'd like to see George get a little piece of that.
Maybe a couple hundred grand piece of pie.
Is Howard mailing it in now?
What is Howard mailing it in now?
What is with this mailing it in?
Okay.
If people show up every day, that's a default thing mailing it in.
Such a stupid expression.
Only stupid people use expressions like that.
Flee, I just want to warn you.
Like, you know, DFO?
I have met him once.
Did you?
And what was your impression of me, foe?
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever.
Hey, guys.
When I met him, he was nice.
He was pleasant, I guess.
Pleasant.
Well, that can be the same guy I'm talking about.
Hey, you want to give Jeff Rimmer my job?
I know it.
You just stabbed me in the back.
You want to give that Jeff Rimmer my job?
Yeah.
Talk about backstabbers.
I've told you a thousand times about that day.
I walked out in the parking lot at two o'clock
and he was out there backstabbing me to Greg Reed.
I mean, and he didn't see me coming.
You know, he was facing the other way.
That was down to 80.
And he was going on about how I did something with some bank at IOD
and they got pissed off and canceling.
Just ripping me an ass and Greg of course saw me coming
and he like, gave me that knowing look.
Like, boys, this a putzer, what?
And then it was that day at IOD Bob Green corners me in the hallway.
And now I think a D-fo wants to talk to you.
And Bob went bouncing back up the hall to his office
and leaves me standing there in the hallway with a decrepit D-fo.
Yeah, I think you want Rimmer to get my job.
You know when people are insecure, you know why?
Why?
They should be.
Good point.
Those are the kind of people who are insecure.
People who know they have no talent.
And of course, once Steve Nicol got a hold of him and turned him into Mr. Cornball,
he was okay.
He was tolerable before that, as I recall, long ago.
And once Steve Nicol turned him into the corny joke sports guy,
oh, God.
That became...
Now why would you get off on D-fo?
That was fleas doing.
Let's hear from the fake D-fo on our email,
Neil at Nearoges.com.
Come on.
How come a sunny fox hasn't owned up to a being the fake Greg Budella yet?
How come the fandom informer hasn't given us more information?
That was a good first starter right at the beginning of the show today
that the always fake emails about the serious and crappy and unwalters table.
That was all sunny fox.
I believe it.
Hey, listen, don't take it out on me, Sonny.
I can't help but that the Saul Fouce ripped you off for a 600 grand.
600 grand.
Anyway, Paul says today I'm working from home and streaming your show
because the Cuban music does not bleed into the stream.
But Jesus, Kate Christy's effing collars are driving me insane.
I can't imagine what they do to you.
I'm ready to throw my effing computer out the window.
They need a gasoline and an amount of cigarette.
Hey, Joe Bell, find them you worthless piece of garbage, his Paul.
Who's a sales hole?
Good luck to you, Paul. You'll need it.
Especially with the depression.
Thank you, Mr. President, for the depression.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
You're a new Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lick.
It's the twa Friday, you bastard.
Real American A-hole.
Real American A-holes.
We salute you.
Mr. I supported the wrong candidate.
And now I'm screwed, guy.
Mr. I supported the thing.
What the hell happened?
Didn't the rest of the country get the emails?
Obama's a Muslim terrorist who hates America.
You haven't been this modified since you had to painstakingly peel the Michael Ducacke sticker of your K-Card.
Do you forget your charity for all like one is now?
How could Barack Obama possibly have been elected president after all?
He's a smoker.
Sure.
You knew detail that Sarah Palem was horribly misqualified.
But you don't care.
She was in your bank bank and that Kuga makes you roar.
You betcha.
Now you're gonna be stuck with better healthcare.
The war will end.
And that annoying gay couple down the street are gonna get hitched like a knocked-up teen in Wastilla, Alaska.
So we salute you.
Mr. I supported the wrong candidate.
And now I'm screwed, guy.
You're recently depleted stock portfolio.
Your Fox News Channel coffee mug and your guns.
You are a real American A-hole.
All right.
1146-14-195-60W-Q-A-M.
The fake rig viewed Ellis back.
A.K.A. Sonny Fox or A.K.A. somebody else?
Whoever it is.
Subject Howard Stern.
You were wrong about Howard just yesterday.
He had John Stamos in the studio telling wild stories funny as hell.
If you haven't heard the short lately, you should check it out.
Now I'll pass, fake rig.
I'll send you a serious radio if you want.
I'll pass, fake rig.
I'll shoot hook you up to the real agent like Don Buckwald.
You haven't had good luck with agents.
Says, fake rig, B-D-L.
Jiro is back.
He says, this is my last email for the week.
Anyway, I did stop in that coconut creek seminal casino this week.
The place was jammed and full of autoconcres.
However, it's so smoking there as a woman wearing surgical masks while they played the slots.
And the machines carried in a carful of Canadians.
I'm looking for machines that are as loose as Georgia's Faggy A-hole.
How do you like that from your friend Jiro?
I talked about him.
Yeah, yeah.
So, you're all about him chronic over and over and over.
Oh, I only emailed you 500 times this week.
Neil, oh, I don't understand.
And then of course getting back to that Larry that we started the show with today about how the chronic emailers get in the way and block all the other ones.
There are no other ones, Larry.
There are no items in this view.
Blank.
Dead.
Zipity due to nothing.
By the way, next week's schedule has not been released yet.
And what does that mean?
That means I don't know if I'm working on my day or if it's working out.
What do you mean it hasn't been released yet?
It has not been released yet.
I went to Allison and asked for the schedule and she said it's not done yet.
Well, it's only noon on Friday.
Why should people want to know who's going to work next week?
Right.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil didn't get a chance to wish you a happy birthday.
Wonderful program.
Yeah, wonderful program.
Bad, fake voice.
This is a great WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
I think their phone is in there.
Correct them.
The missile like it?
Yeah, maybe they're doing a little anal buzzing there.
What a bit of thing is.
What is it again?
Anel bleaching.
Anel bleaching.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Is Josh Derofour driving a Jaguar?
He's driving a Faguar.
The WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
I'd like to personally thank the Seminole's for the economic stimulus package.
WDQYM.
WDQYM.
WDQYM.
WDQYM.
Yes, baby.
WDQYM.
Bye-bye, WDQYM.
See what I mean?
Yep.
The phone, the emails, the facts machine, the same lifeless losers.
I have no life.
Oh, God.
While other people are out there trying to scrape together, we're living trying to find two nickels,
maybe to put a loaf of bread on the table someday, or at least a slice of bread.
And these lifeless losers on, on, that was down 281 by the way, not good, niche good.
And the emails empty.
No items in this view.
When we started that thing, every break, I would look over there during the break.
There'd be like 15, 20 of them lined up ready to go.
And I'd print them all out, remember those days?
Oh, yeah.
Even they were suggesting I use both sides of the fax paper because there was so much paper being used.
Now, huh.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
What is this?
Well, I'll print it out.
It looks really boring.
It starts out, hello, Mary Gutser, something like that.
Oscar from Suburban Somewhere.
And here's Keith.
Keith says, I love your show about it coming to realize that a lot of the colors and e-mailers may be homosexuals in the closet,
and found a form to let out their homosexual tendencies.
I find it odd that they like to send emails about Chris and Jolly Jo having sexual relations and bleaching, which I find weird, and other gay stuff.
I know you're a furry, but why do they find it necessary to talk about that extra gay shmit?
I'm sure the majority of e-mailers and colors are grown adults.
WTF.
Nevertheless, it's still funny.
The- this differently helps make my work go by faster.
I think it means definitely, but it says, this differently helps make my do-
Give a shout out to my dog, George Flee and Chris, and is Chris really that fat?
Yes.
It's fake fat. He wears a fat suit.
Oh, it's fake fat?
Mine too.
It's fo-fat.
You think you can use your influence to give me an hour with the big O, it says here?
We can talk about Pat Riley, Jay Feedler, and Field Goals.
I think one of my 20 checks fell out of my wallet. Love you. Paul from LA.
Making fun of the big O, and the fact that he speaks spanglish baby talk.
Oh, here's one from the fake Mohawar Davida did.
Okay, let me print that out.
It's just boiling in here, man. It's just-
The hot you could fry an egg on my- on my-
Pupik.
That was down to 53, and there's swillery.
Your next secretary of state.
Thank you very much.
Is he gonna hire a point anybody who wasn't part of the clean administration or not?
I don't know.
Getting a little bit nervous about that, you know?
Not that those were about eight years, especially compared to these last eight.
But then again, so would like living in a healthy, good compared to the last eight.
Hello, misery guts. It says from Oscar.
Missed the first part of the show as I was watching an old episode of Murder She Wrote.
Hope things went okay at the dentist.
I would hate to think of you suffering any agonizing or excruciating pain.
Such thoughts would really rather distress me.
Oh, God.
Today is Prince Charles 60th birthday.
I will screw him.
Screw him and screw you Oscar.
Okay, you stupid ass brits.
Anyway, I hope you have a spiffing weekend.
Effect and Invest wishes from genuine Oscar from Sir Patan, England.
Yeah, likely story another fake, another fake Brit.
Here's fake Mo.
To my good buddy, Neil, from Mo Howard David, it says,
didn't hear Neil old buddy pal.
Do you want to go out for pizza?
I'll wear my checkered pants and you bring your wallet.
We'll talk about the good old doidoidoy.
When we worked together, two pals entertaining one audience.
I was honored to be a strong leading for your show.
Uh oh, my bag is overflowing.
I got to go.
Just remember, and then it's got a lot of 100 toys.
From Mo.
WQYM, hello.
Did they all kill with any participants over there at uh, Dennis?
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, man, man.
What's wrong with you and Howard?
Why do you keep laughing?
He sucks.
What?
Let me say it again.
He blows.
Okay, but you're not giving any reason why you're just...
He just does.
It's like saying that, you know, a douche met don't smell too good.
Do I have to give you a reason why it just doesn't?
God, I'm not giving you a reason why.
Where's the beef baby?
Where's the something for 50 million a year?
Anything else, Rob?
When he was on his station, man, we had a...
And of course we had a sit on pins and needles waiting for them to find
to give it up for the day and go home.
And was there anything amusing ever?
Ever?
Give me an honest answer.
Was there anything funny?
Not to me.
I was...
I said he was an open mind.
Yeah, thinking, oh, this is going to be really great in the audience.
I have to take people's word for it like yours that he was funny once upon a time.
Because I never heard any of that.
Long time ago.
WQA Am Hello.
Yeah!
Fony Roy's.
Yes.
Okay, Joe.
WQA Am Hello.
Good morning.
Good morning.
You know what the guys need to do a little bit more on the show.
For now, we need to do a little bit more.
I think Joe's a gas columnist.
Gains last night.
Yeah.
That guy's got a set of pipes on him.
But we're in him and Shelby.
Let's take a broad chapter.
Okay, great.
5670560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line.
Let's see if there's anything in the outlook or spread.
No items in this view.
Nothing.
Zipity, dude.
Duh, zipity, eh.
Nothing.
Is that staggering to you or what?
It is to me.
It's just amazing.
I think it's just amazing.
And like all during the weekend, I'll check that thing out there.
There'll be like the mid-east daily report and all this other spam coming in there, you know?
And I still don't understand how you create an email address that didn't never existed before.
And all of a sudden, like by magic, you wind up getting on all these spam lists.
Yeah, like that.
Just like that.
It's not magic.
It's technology.
Bots.
Bots.
Bots.
Bots.
What's in the bots?
Oh, here's one from Larry.
I hope you don't put all the Larry e-mailers in one pile of a holes on the original Larry goes back to the hard rock with my beard.
She wins all the time and I'm off to go there at three o'clock.
We don't care, Larry.
Nobody cares.
Send us something of interest, something somebody might care about.
Not that you're off to the hard rock at three o'clock with your beard, okay?
Maybe the governor would like to borrow her for a few.
He's actually going to go ahead and get married.
How do you like that?
December 12th.
He's got the White House and his sides, baby.
Won't that be something to have another gay president?
Another one?
Well, they said that I think was it James Buchanan or was it Miller Philmore?
One of those two.
I can't remember which one.
Was the room where it to be gay.
And then of course, there was always Abby Lincoln.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
People with no projects.
Sport radio.
560 QAM.
Think.
Fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio.
560 WQAM.
My name is Miami.
For the Latter Day.
This Dick Cheney.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers
12-1 hour beep beep.
Hey.
The following are headlines of the version.
Designed to keep you feeling warm and toasty, safe, genuine, front-age lead headlines compiled
over the past seven years approved by the subservient corporate press.
And a word.
Family finds bullet in pork roast.
A huge grapist makes victim right on the check.
Otorist 5 $351 for dummy in carpool lane.
Belgian nun.
Reprimanded for wild dancing.
Two men really weren't wild like you, Claver.
Starbucks in space.
The spring make you sexier.
Congo Rebels.
Eat mountain gorillas.
Child killed.
Trying to change TV channel.
Otorline.
Is it a wet dog?
Dung stench.
Mothers are again urged to eat more fish.
Girl waits to piece of delivery man pleasureing himself.
Trostitudes so lips together in Bolivia Provell protest.
Why does your tummy talk and what is it trying to say?
Monkeys that fish.
A woman becomes pregnant.
Endangered male seed dragon is pregnant.
Japan wages war on flat.
The high price of having too much stuff.
Does the Pope wear prada?
The US economy will overcome the dead crisis and keep growing.
Or it won't.
And my personal favor.
Man build mountain of cheese.
Okay, it's a 1202.
I just had to do an emergency choice.
Oh.
But I was back in plenty of time.
Yeah, you were.
I've been smitten here.
The pastor of St. Mary, somebody sent this to me,
but already added in my pile.
But thanks anyway.
The pastor of St. Mary Catholic Church in Greenville, South Carolina is urging
parishioners who voted for Barack Obama not to present themselves for communion,
unless they go to confession first.
Because they've cooperated with intrinsic evil by voting for a candidate who supports abortion rights
over a candidate who does not.
Giving new meaning to the term for abyss and agro.
The Reverend J. Scott Newman told the Greenville news.
He doesn't intend to deny anyone communion, but made it clear that his view
is that Obama voters should not present themselves without first seeking penance,
unless they even drink their own condemnation.
In other words,
like that.
Oh, last night they had the documentary we on CNN about Jonestown, Jim Jones.
Yeah.
And I was thinking to myself, so why is this different from all the other poisons?
How is the question?
Gullible, gullible people line up by the thousands by the millions.
Newman is the only priest in the U.S. donor who have taken this position.
The Catholic bishops met this week in Baltimore, and this idea was not even discussed
at least in public session.
Newman is posted on his parish site, the following letter explaining his rationale.
And it goes on and on and on about abortion and the yadi yadi yadi.
And God, our Father, our earthly powers must serve you.
Help our President-elect Barack Obama full of his responsibilities,
worldly and well.
By honoring and striving to please you at all times, may he secure peace and freedom
for the people entrusted to him.
We ask this to our Lord Jesus Christ, your son, who lives in rains with you in the Holy Spirit,
one God forever and...
Oh, Jesus Christ, like I said.
How you like that?
I like it.
Here's one from Eric, who's obviously a little bit confused.
He says, you're right, Neil God.
How it's during sucks.
Keep up the good work and congrats with the new contract.
Looking forward to listening to you, Eric.
And what new contract is he talking about?
Oh, you're the one that you're signing with, Sirius.
Oh, forgot about that one.
They're going to give me two shares, 56 cents.
Two shares of stock to sign up.
Here's one that says, I would call you, but I'm having a hard time talking.
I'm too worried about occulting appointments.
It's hard to see the chains that were supposed to come when there's no change in your pocket.
Anyway, I voted for the white guy, but I'm happy that a brother got the job.
Oh, I just hope they didn't send him up for failures so they can confirm the worries about black people.
Like we say in Spanish, I'm not going to read it.
I'm not going to read it, Rudy.
I don't know what it means.
Oh, and here's one from Jimmy.
Regardless of Sirius' poor handling of finances and their ridiculous generosity toward a washed-up, out-of-touch,
wine-email content like Howard Stern, note the previous email accredited John Stamos with being
a funny part of the show yesterday, not Howard.
I still remain a loyal subscriber and only turn on terrestrial radio when you're on the airwaves.
I love that Stern has minimal commercials, uncensored content, and crystal clear signals from coast to coast.
While listening to your station, on the other hand, I'm not if I'm not listening to 45 minutes commercials every hour.
I'm forced to endure an endless stream of God-awful salsa music interfering with the broadcast.
I love you, Neil. You're the only show that can pull me away from satellite.
Have a great weekend.
PS, anything else, George?
That is so cute.
The song I wrote out lost in the Hazenwood Sirius is at the bottom of the email says this from Jay.
The market started yesterday at 1 p.m. when large institutions began buying mostly oil stocks in low-volume environment
so it didn't take much to move the indexes.
Bush was scheduled to give a speech on the economy at 2 p.m.
Coincidence?
Last night, the right-wing tool, Larry Cudlow, went on a year about how the bush speech was so good it caused the rally.
Just another example of how these Wall Street guys have everything rigged in their favor.
This is why you put your money in seely, Stern's, and Foster.
Oh, and then it's got this song that goes on and on.
Okay, thank you.
Thank you so much.
And then here's another one about anal bleaching.
Why I didn't realize that we were touching sensitive area.
Well, you?
That's a very sensitive area.
Anal bleaching.
And what is this?
That last bit sucked, don't play it again.
What bit was that?
I don't know.
I'd have it.
I'd have it.
I'd have it.
I'd have it.
I'd have it.
I'd have it.
I'd have it.
About headlines.
Don't play it again.
Oh, okay.
Hi Neil, I love your show.
I don't think you need any surgery, but I was wondering what a mechsectomy was.
So I looked it up and this is what I found.
I also want to know why you think your emails are from fake people,
other than an ambitious email yesterday.
How do you really know they're all fake?
Cudos to you and Jorge says.
Oh, and then it's got men neck to me.
Your search mechsectomy did not change documents because you're just made it up.
Although I think it might not be a bad idea.
I wonder if that pastor from South Carolina says of somebody here.
Pedro.
Also told his voice supporters they had to do penance for a few years.
That their president started and the murders of the Muslim and Christian soldiers alike.
He's a critical a whole.
Well, he's a pastor, you know.
He's a priest.
He's a man of the cloth.
He's Chester.
They molester.
Here's what Mark says about bleaching your ass.
Anel bleaching shouldn't surprise you with all the other crap people do themselves.
I was watching a plastic surgery show in the so-called doctor had this woman gain 15 pounds
so we could suck the fat out of her and put it back in her so she would have a jail of ass.
Another woman had her breast implants put in through her belly button.
Anyways, that way you're sending George Monty so that Christal can get a boob lift
and a vaginal rejuvenation.
Yes.
Mark and Kendall.
Thanks Mark.
Now here's one that's very disturbing.
Oh, it's from gyro again.
Oh, I give up.
I give up.
WDQYM.
Hello.
I need a job.
WDQYM.
Hello.
What was the boyfriend that called?
He's so silly.
Yeah.
So are you.
He was your happy birthday.
So are you.
Gyrosens be this all of it is pertinent to my life.
Toronto successfully negotiates for bigger part in wood buying slots revenue.
How do you like that?
Yep.
The city will now receive another 10% increase across the board,
the same rate given to racing tracks owner and the horse breeders.
Jim Kronan, communication director of the Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation
which manages the slot machine program, said that all the 17 municipalities of Ontario
that host racing track slot machines received the same percentage of the proceeds.
He added that the city receives an additional benefit from the work that the slot machines give.
Toronto's got 700 employees who were in $211 million since the slots facility
opened for business about eight years ago.
As for the profits, about $356 million have been given to racetrack owners
allowing tracks to improve their facilities and offerings.
But Toronto share is minimum compared with the total profits which has a total of $550 million in 2006.
Councillor Czar Palacio said that about 75% of that total profit goes directly to the provincial government.
Amy Tang, the spokesperson for the public infrastructure renewal minister David Kaplan,
commented that the province has no plan to change the arrangement.
Tang commented that the adult and the beginning government has been more generous to Toronto
compared with the previous conservative government, but it beat but it booted a bit about.
So in other words, they're going to tighten the machines even worse.
Here comes the bunny and there goes my money.
How do you like that?
Yep.
That was down 333, 209 votes on the poll, which cosmetic procedures should Neil get?
None. Neil is perfect. 77.
Why did you put that on there? You little turd. You little tick.
And now people are voting on it just to make him out of me.
No, they're voting on it because I'm perfect.
Oh, yeah.
Well, they're such cool.
Well, penis enlargement 24, of course they are.
Summer stapling 22, a mexectomy 17.
Sounds like a plan.
Hair transplant 15, basic facelift 10, radio carotony of six,
Drupi, I live three, lip enlargement two, nose job two and chest hair removal one out of 213 votes.
Oh, here's another one about anal bleaching.
I heard the GOP spent another 25,000 on anal bleaching for Sarah Palin.
It goes to show you that no matter how bleaching is done, you can't make the eight holes in the Republican Party appealing.
Ah, wow.
Let's see, Fat Chris did not work the Keynes game last night.
This says from Josh Cordis.
The fake Josh Cordis.
As I was walking in the liquor store, I saw Fat Chris sitting at a window booth at the Denny's next door.
I could tell it was Fat Chris because he barely was able to squeeze his rotund ass and jelly belly and man boobs between the table and the booth.
From the way his gut was glistening, I expected he needed to smear maple syrup over himself to grease his way into the booth.
Oh, this goes on.
Anyway, the table was completely covered with plates of food.
There must have been at least four grand slam breakfasts on that table along with stacks of pancakes, smothered in butter, side orders of bacon and sausage, both patties and links, and a neopalt and milkshake strawberry vanilla and chocolate.
I don't see Jolly Joe there, but his car was in the parking lot. Perhaps he was looking for glory holes in the tea room.
Obviously, Fat Chris is able to work the morning, but he chooses not to.
Anyway, your check hasn't gotten here yet.
Any chance you could send me the tracking number so I could follow up with FedEx or UPS. I'd really appreciate it.
I know you're a busy man, but after all the work I've done, before the year career, I'm assuring my monthly check arrives in a timely fashion is not too much to ask.
Hi, George says Josh Cordis, the fake Josh.
I see.
And then here we got one for once.
And it was that similar to a mechster system.
That's cool. I didn't realize that there was a spiritual option for that.
Yeah, very spiritual.
Another time there's laser surgery.
The best talent.
You know that a priest.
The largest sports radio five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
A man that's half the news.
Forty seven.
Oh right.
The five sixty QAM.
The sports leader.
Holy mackerel.
This is Joe Bon, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Kuku, baby, let's turn this mother out.
Puff the magic wrapper is on my TV.
No one heard of him before.
Oh, his name is Puff.
That he, I said that's Puff.
The magic wrapper won't be here that long.
Not unless he learns to sing on the right of friggin' song.
I said, well, the magic wrapper is all over MTV.
Only because someone shot an authorious VIG that bad guy.
Maybe someone should tell him making it this way is wrong.
Picky-natured, dead best friend.
Seeking plus ball.
Shope doggy doggy dog on the ball track.
Prove sixteen a QAM.
I'm going to lunch.
Oh, you know.
Well, I mean, flea is a gotta sour attitude today.
Serly.
Serly is right.
And he still won't tell us what it's about.
Something about he's really tired of all the crap in that place.
That's pretty much it, yeah.
Is it a reactive collective crap?
Well, the guy who preceded you, you know, I'm not sure in the way.
Huh?
Huh?
Let's talk about Tracy Karrasato.
Okay.
Now, he used to be a promotions guy at IOD back when we worked there.
Correct.
Yes.
I shared an office with him when I was the assistant reading.
For a competent, right?
And then they hired him at QAM and we warned him all the way here.
But he always wanted to work here.
I didn't know that there was such a thing, but he had a master's in sports promotion.
And he always wanted to work at QAM at the sports that these sports.
Oh, I see.
Because he thought it was like a dream of his.
Yeah, he didn't last a year.
I don't think he came just like you are.
You are today very disenchanted, very distraught.
When he found that everything was a washlock.
I think the straw that broke the Campbell's pack had had something to do with that OJ golferman, didn't it?
That was a part of it, but that wasn't all because for a while and said,
well, Tracy is going to have to take the fall for that because I'm not going to go.
That was Sam at the time.
Tracy replaced him.
The thing about the thing that happened with Tracy among other things, but what finally broke the Campbell's back was that he had to lie to people all the time when they were all in a month asking, where's my money?
The quote was, and he was very serious about it when he was telling me that he was going to have to leave.
He said, George, I've worked with these people for years at the other radio station.
They give me what I want. They give it to me on time. If I have to make changes, they make it without charging me.
These are people that I've built a relationship with, whatever it is.
Now I have to lie to them. They're calling me asking why the bill hasn't been paid and I have to lie to them.
After 60 days, they're calling about why hasn't the bill been paid and I have to lie to them.
I can't be a part of what's going on here.
It's obvious enough to make me want to play that bit. Pay your bills. Pay your bills. But we certainly aren't going to do that because I need the money.
Don't you dare play that again and that no more fart sounds. Don't play that. Corporate doesn't want that on here. Don't do this and don't do that.
But have a good show, Neil.
Here's one from Robert. I think we ought to get a million emails about Howard Stern.
I don't really care what you say. Maybe you think he's the greatest things in sliced bread. He's sure making a lot more money than we'll ever make.
Sure. I'll put together.
But I just don't see it. I didn't hear it when he was on this station and I didn't hear it when I was driving up here that time with a...
Oh, in the car being forced fed that crap for hours.
Why did my close personal friend Dave do that to me? He forced me to listen to that.
I don't know.
This is a real thing. I tried.
Who is part of the show, who is leaving going on and on about his drug problems and where he used to buy his drugs.
It wasn't funny. It wasn't interesting. It wasn't captivating. It was crap. It was just a kaka that filled up a lot of time. That's all. Kind of like what we do.
Only at least once in a while on this show we get a little chuckle, you know.
Robert says you are absolutely correct about Howard Stern back in the mid-late 80s before he became the King of all media and signed the $80 trillion with Sirius.
Howard's radio show was a hoot. Howard and the rest of the gang would come up with great skits and the show was freaking hilarious. Unfortunately he's now become the King of Mailing it in.
Oh!
What would D-4 think about that?
When D-4 was on, I know I've repeated this many times, but when he was on the year with Phil Saltsman on IOD on the Pax Niodi.
And I was in the hallway and I heard in the monitor was on. They actually listened to the station there.
And I heard them going on about how Dave Johnson has gotten so lazy about his race calling that he just mails it in most of the time.
Now Phil is a good guy and you know did a good job at Calder with a very New York-y sound at his, but he's a good guy.
But for those two to be sitting there knocking Dave Johnson, one of the great race callers of all time and a good friend of ours too by the way.
It's just, I just don't get it.
It would be like me sitting here ripping Howard Stern, you know.
Joey says you still have my four seasons theme song. This is the fake Joey Reynolds. Did you catch my best of the other night with Super Sales and Make Martin Dale?
No, I missed that Joey. Damn it. And no, I don't have your Joey Reynolds. I don't have that anymore.
Look at that phone boy. Oh boy. That is a freaking door now.
But I click that email thing on it. That's going to save the last hour and 40 minutes today, but who's counting?
You'll see outlook expressed. There's two of them on there. How do you like that? The fake red viewed out by the way is crapped out sunny Fox. Now that he's been outed by the.
I see.
By the informer. What is it? What informer? The Phantom yet. Now, where was that from that? That was from QAM. That was from the Greg Reed days, right?
Chronic and cocos is what about man booby movable surgery? You could use it. I survived it. George needs it very popular these days. Man booby movable surgery. I don't need it. I don't want to.
I think that's called a man's septomy. A man did what to you? Why didn't George have his foreskin clip to the same time as the vast septomy? Doesn't he know that most chicks freak out when they see foreskin? That's where the gay world.
The worst kind is admire. So it begs the question is George gay straight or confused, but just obsessed with that business. That that bag of there is very wrong about what women feel. Right. In addition to which around the world, most guys are on circumcised. That is correct. The overwhelming majority.
I've never heard a complaint. Really? Really? Here's Mr. Radio. Mr. Radio says for the world to know I have no life. Oh, why does this man keep coming back and back and back? I have boxes full of tapes. You show from W.I. and ZZ and W.I.D. Please let me know if you're looking for any old bits that I can digitize an email to George. I'd like to help. It's the least I can do for all the years of enjoyment. No. Are we looking for old bits?
Well, that Joey Reynolds thing you just mentioned. Yeah, the Joey Reynolds clip. Joey the four seasons. Joey Reynolds song. Right. I mean, we got we got Joey a little bit in here. Joey stays out done. I played that yesterday. After we got the first 400 emails from the fake Joey Reynolds. I have my nose up. Niels asked me. I am that him right. That's pretty much a joy. Your loyal listener, Dr. Al is back. I voted for a no surgery not not not not only to be a suck up. I'm not going to be a
because I'm just philosophically opposed to all the cosmetic surgery being done nowadays. Me too, Dr. Al. The ads for various plastic surgery options have become ubiquitous on TV lately. Although I do enjoy seeing the after shots of breast enlargement procedures. On the other hand, if you can find a procedure that would make you look like the photo just above your pictures circa 1980 on your website. Go for it. Make me look like the photo. Oh, make me look like Brady Quinn. I guess he's talking about. Yeah, let me know what surgery that is. Okay. I'd pay a
lot for that. I'd pay a lot for Brady Quinn. Hey, Brady. He don't need me. Here's one that says from Michael. I want to know if you can allow me to invest my money in your country as your partner. Oh, how many zillions of those do I get every single day? Where did that start? What is that all about? He said scam. It started when emails started. Really? Well, you know, there were always regular mail scams as you know. These kinds of things would show up in people's regular mail. But now you can like automate the process. Now you can reach
way more people in its cheap. You don't have to pay for any postage. I'm waiting for the first 500 emails about Howard Stern. Neil at Neil Rogers dot com. There's nothing on there. There's nothing coming in even defending even people that love Howard that pay money to hear that anything else Robin. Every day. Because maybe you and I are just humorally. What about flea? What do you think of the Stern showed you? Have you listened to it recently in the last 100 years? Yeah, I have serious. Yeah, it's gotten ponderous.
Do you remember the days when he used to be like on terrestrial radio back when he was able to do his thing? Yeah, and he was funny. His hell was a great show. Yeah. He was good. Was. I miss also was good about 600 years ago. I know it's hard. It's very difficult for anybody to believe, especially you. Maybe an honor that will play freeway and speak it after the break. Or maybe not the best. You know, you know, Roger sports radio five sixty Q. A.M. think. I think that's what I'm trying to say. I'm not going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm just going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm
going to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm going to say it.
I'm here. You are here to get
a clean. Oh, I don't know. You
work around here. I'm a waiter, but
actually I'm an actor. Yeah, you know,
I know what's the top. You probably
need to rely on. Oh, I'll say, but
you know, with everything that's
in the news and all it's to pay
you can start relaxing right now
freeway. I brought something
who she and freeway not just any
she either. Look. Wow. Gold
a man. Pretty cute condom. But
here's the most important part
freeway in the ProTech
label. ProTeched huh? Aren't those
in Doris by the City Council of
San Francisco? Absolutely. You know
the ProTechs Logan docher. I sure do.
Certified safe by the city by the
Bay. Well, what do you say? Darn.
Look at that. I dropped the soap
again. I'll get it. You bet your
life he will and with confidence
because freeway and spiket have
condoms. Don't let worry spoil
those chance meetings in public
showers. Always carry ProTeched.
Hello.
O. P R O C E T T.
T. My mind free. S M B P R O C E T T
then down. There's no
apologies.
Don't doubt know what it's all
about. The ProTech. She so they
won't send you a ring. The
little way condoms. A division of
Black Flag House in
Garden, Pesson Gold Division. All
on situation safe since 1887.
Hello.
Hey.
Yeah.
Neal, I was just thinking of what I used to call what I call now, the golden age radio
back when New York IOD.
Yeah.
I mean, really, come on man.
Sally Fitz, Rick Sanchez, Mr. Vigo, who could...
Let me ask you this.
What does Sally Fitz and Rick Sanchez have to do with IOD?
That was father, man.
I mean, the father?
That was father for your show.
Remember, our aunt tell you, Mr. Pretendie, was gay?
He wasn't pretending.
Well, but back then he kind of pretended because I read it.
People didn't want to believe you were.
So what are you talking about?
He kind of pretended.
What are you talking about?
His so-called friends dragged him out of the closet on the air on the light bulb.
What are you talking about?
It was the golden age.
I mean, you did the right thing.
Well, you know something.
I think you've reached the golden age because your mind is turning to Jello.
To tapioca pudding.
It was the golden age.
Yeah, I was pretending to be gay.
He ain't pretending, okay?
What is this man talking about?
The golden age of Rick?
Yeah, the golden age.
Sally Fitz and Rick Sanchez, it was father for your father.
You, sir, are a knitwit.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going today?
Okay.
Hey, a possible idea for a future poll.
You probably have already done it.
But like a worst American slogans or catch phrases.
Yeah, like God bless America.
Doesn't make any sense.
USA.
USA.
Yeah, love it or leave it.
The Republican chant.
USA, yeah.
A penny earned is a penny saved.
It's a penny.
I'm crying out loud.
I don't know.
You've probably already done it.
In the United States.
I'm speaking of pennies.
Here's a poll I like.
What's the smallest denomination coin you would bend over to pick up if you dropped it?
A Turkish lira.
See, you won't even give me a straight answer to that.
Turkish taffy.
I think he wants to take a Turkish bath with it.
What's his name?
What was his name, David Davis?
Brad.
Brad Davis.
He was pretty hot.
Not so hot anymore though.
But what's the smallest denomination coin?
I would say a quarter.
Oh, Mr. Big Shot.
I'll pick up a penny.
Get out of here.
Are you cereal?
I mean, it depends on where I drop it.
Like if I'm at, you know, some sort of a drive-through or something like that.
I'm not opening my door and getting in the car.
I'm talking about like if you're walking in a mall or something.
I'm not going to pick up a penny walking in a mall, though.
I'll pick up a nickel.
Nickel?
What about you, Flea?
Yes?
See, he's not even paying any attention to what we're talking about.
What?
He's not even paying attention to what I just asked you.
What is it that you're doing?
Everyone.
Diddly.
In other words, the show is that boring to you that you can't even listen to what I'm talking about.
No, I'm not just Mark.
Is in there hawking him a chinaik about some appearance he's got to be too.
Mark, oh, you haven't met Mark.
Just wait.
Crazy Mark.
We have another lunatic in the sales department.
Is that it?
No, no, he's part of the promotional staff.
But he has a lunatic here.
I call him Loud Mark.
Oh.
Get your promotion people out of there.
Okay, we're doing a radio show.
We're on the year.
I'll go get the package.
Although, George needs to remind me.
Don't ask you any questions because you won't respond.
What?
Yeah, exactly.
Peter in Miami says, well, I got three emails about Stern.
Now, wouldn't you think being as popular as he is making all those trillions of dollars
that people might take exception of what I said or agree with it or like something?
That there'd be like a hundred emails about that?
No.
So, evidently, our people have all gone.
You know, they were here on my birthday.
We could go on Wednesday, but now they're all gone.
Once they're gone, they're just gone.
That's for us.
My fat ass a little bit, you know what?
Peter in Miami says, Stern sucked even more even when he was at his best.
That's who is for sophomores in high school or mental midgets.
Stern sounds like a 15-year-old kid in the gym locker room, but I guess that's why he is or was so popular.
I think the amount anybody listens to Stern is inversely proportional to how much they get laid
since it's always the hard-up ones who constantly talk about women and their parts.
That's correct.
Guys who aren't getting any, they talk about it a lot.
Guys who are getting all they need, they don't need to talk about it.
It says, you make Stern look like a vegetable and then anyone compares you to him as a complete dumbass.
It says Pete.
Well, thanks, Pete.
Thanks for kissing my dumbass.
I make him look like a vegetable.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Our goal of another one of our chronic says, how it is now all hype.
He's the master of hype, baby. He's the king of all hype.
And for 50 million a year, I put an ozone like that and that hair in the whole deal and hype my brains out.
27 cents a share.
And I thought that the merger was supposed to put them over the top because they were going to have all those additional subscribers, you know, and bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup, bup.
Right?
Yep.
27 cents a share.
Mr. Radio though on the other hand, of course, because he likes everybody on here.
Maybe Mr. Radio will send me a list of names of people on the year that he didn't like.
Probably be a short list.
Listen to how it's turn nearly every day, just like I listened to you says Mr. Radio.
Let me know if you'd like me to send air checks of the show.
No thanks. We'll pass air checks of the Stern show.
Oh, he's still very funny, but you have to be a regular listener to a lot of the humor.
RD Lang is a great sidekick.
He was probably the one talking about the drug story.
It was ponderous, man.
It went on and on and on.
And I'm waiting for something humorous, something interesting.
It went on and then they replayed the whole thing later on again because they played over and over again.
Fred Norris is a genius with the sound effects.
I've been taking these with the emails trying not to be too chronic, says Mr. Radio.
Well, feel free to be as chronic as you want because believe you me, even on a topic like this,
even about the King of all hype, very minimal response here.
Just, oh, here's one from our friend Phil Ladsman.
Is it from the real Phil Ladsman?
He says, isn't it funny that the so-called King of all media has become so irrelevant?
Coming from someone who used to cut school to listen to him on WNBC,
it's a shame he's so unfunny and lazy now.
Why serious dump so much money on him and screw us stockholders is beyond me?
A lot of dummies in our business says Phil.
Thanks, Phil. I bet you that's the real Phil Ladsman.
You think?
Sounds right.
Well, how do you know anymore?
You don't.
The answer is you don't.
That's the anonymity of email.
I was just telling you that a couple days ago.
Total anonymity.
You can make it.
You can pretend to be George Washington for quite a lot.
Or George Washington Carver.
Oh, here's Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
I have an extra ticket to the dolphin game this weekend against the Raiders.
What about we both get drunk at the game that I drive around in a parking lot at Joe Robbie Stadium?
Well, first of all, it's Dolphin Stadium now, Ricky Tiki.
When you think we'd have a million emails about Stern,
and maybe not that many people listen to them of our audience anymore,
or maybe we just don't have any audience anymore, I think it's a big deal.
Do you remember the Cune we used to have?
Oh, yeah.
You're looking at the Cune now.
I remember bonuses.
Oh, forget about it.
Not now.
I don't.
Hey, you're talking like a silly person.
That's right.
Just stretch that check.
In fact, I made it out of plastic.
So you could stretch it as far as you can.
Stretch it.
I remember that we used to have this humongous Cune.
Now you look at the whole damn stations Cune.
You could fit them in a phone booth.
Living and breathing people don't listen to AM radio.
If they listen to radio at all, terrestrial radio, they listen to FM.
People under the age of 100, I told you this years ago.
And of course, since we got our promotions,
this genius sitting there, our promotions, Maven,
the only way we're going to ever get any numbers back is to get some new audience,
expand the universe.
And you can't do that just sitting on your ass and reaching to the choir,
rehashing the same Cune over and over and over again.
That's what we do.
Oh, Mr. Radio is back again.
If you don't like Howard Stern, who do you like?
Give me a name.
Do you like Phil Henry?
Do you like Bob and Tom?
What kind of content do you want?
Here's Mr. Radio ripping off Stan Major.
I love Bob and Tom, but then again, also two, their balls have been cut off.
I also like to love Phil when he was doing his stick.
But then again, he decided to sell out to the right wing.
Give me a name.
What kind of content do you want between...
What kind of name?
The best talent.
You don't need no rejects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Still that's me.
Hey, it's Howard.
Howard's BAM.
I'm Chris Matthews from MSNBC.
Let's play Hydeball.
Today's the day.
All the insults and name-colleged staps is very sad.
It's election day 2008.
Get out there and vote.
I don't care who you vote for.
Obviously, that's not true if you watch my program.
Of course, I can't who you vote for.
Check into know who I'm supporting.
I'm warning, we're going to talk to people who just voted to find out if we can see who's going to be the next president of the United States.
Certainly, tell them who you voted for.
Go ahead.
I can't tell you.
I want to know.
Go ahead.
Go ahead and to...
Stop!
Go ahead.
Let me go.
I'm trying.
It's a sad light.
No, we're standing right next to him.
Go ahead.
I'm waiting for it. Go ahead.
Thank you very much.
You can tell the people are all popped up in the election.
I've got a lady standing next to me wearing a Sarah Palin button.
What the hell's wrong with you?
Go ahead.
Help me.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
Why are you wearing a Sarah Palin button?
Go ahead.
You're weak.
Get away from me.
Push back.
I'm eating nothing but sugar all day to make sure I lose my height.
I'm pumping out me of raising cookies like they were crack.
I've only taken two packs of no-dose and down two four litre bottles of junk color.
I can't feel anything.
Has no effect on me.
Truth be told, I haven't slept since Halloween.
I've been playing cards with our Frank and Alex Balls with Bruce Breaks.
Steve and John Cook and Mel Camp.
I know John doesn't like to use all three names, but I can't remember what they call them.
So I just love them all together.
We have a great time together.
Alex Balls will open up the hotel window and screams the F-Bomb passing Republicans.
And then he sat down and ate a hole and asked the writers.
My friend's our Frank and seems a little depressed and despondent.
Doesn't think he's going to win his race for Senator and Minnesota.
Doesn't say people who are like that.
A wrestler, governor, Bruce Bringsty.
Let me try his pants with the flag on the ass.
I couldn't get one cheek into him.
Got to wrap this up.
At the city, get talking to you.
I can understand why people hate to sound to my voice.
It's staring.
I'm just mad, Joe.
That makes that big scene.
And you're just serving 1247 and 560 WQM.
Don't forget we got the big old Ann Mad Dog doing their shows from Carolina Alhouse this afternoon.
You going to be there?
I'm not going to.
What about you, Flea?
I will not be there.
Why not?
It's a promotion thing.
Don't our promotions people generally show up on appearances?
I have to be at Comp USA and Beerfield.
For what?
A promotion.
And what are you promoting there?
The dog pound.
You can win tickets to the dolphins and maybe Super Bowl tickets.
How does anybody know about that?
Well, there's liners running on it and they are on the right side.
I haven't heard anything about it.
Have you, George?
Nope.
We'll be there from 5 to 7 in Beerfield Beach.
Where are their liners running during this show?
No, for some reason we don't have liners during this show.
Your show is a promotional black hole.
Our show is a black hole, all right, as in black listed by the sales department and by management.
And of course, Flea is the one who told us that.
He's the one who ratted them out.
Yeah, you know what they said about your show in the sales meeting this week?
Nothing.
What do they say?
Nothing.
Think your way off on what you're saying about Howard Sterns' Brian and Connecticut.
I've been listening to him since he was in Hartford, Connecticut at WCCC.
He is funny and surrounded himself with some very funny people.
Fred is great with his writing witness so quick on the sound effects.
Robbins got a quick wit also, keeps the show moving.
Arty is great on his own as a good storyteller.
I understand Howard's not for everyone.
There are a lot of people out there who don't get his humor.
And those of us who think that, but those of us who get it think Howard is great.
I guess you got what you wanted, though, some publicity and a few people who listen to you since Brian and Connecticut.
What does that mean?
Brian and Connecticut, who obviously must be listening online.
Why are you making the effort to listen online when I'm such a schmuck, Brian?
What does Howard Stern have to do with a few people listening to me?
I don't know.
Brian, and I'm still waiting for Mr. Radio to tell me, give me a list of the people in the business he doesn't like.
Huh? Huh?
Who don't you want between four and two and six, Mr. Radio?
Huh?
Oh, here's the council on hemispheric relations. That's one of my favorite.
Jason says, if you want more listeners, you need to give away tickets to games.
I know I'd get, I want to get tickets to the dolphins game.
Well, guess what?
We don't got them and you ain't getting them, Jason.
He signs it Jason Denero.
Well, go steal some Denero and maybe you can buy some tickets to your own.
Or maybe you'll flee or come over to your house and bring in some tickets.
Sure.
You want to bring Jason some tickets?
Absolutely.
Okay, he'll be over around eight o'clock after he finishes his appearance at CompUSA.
That was quite a comment, quite a line you had.
There are sure ways of black hole and promotions.
Well, just as it is in the sales meeting, sir.
Right.
So in other words, nobody in promotions brings up this show either?
I thought you were the promotions director.
I've brought it up.
And this seems to kind of go away.
Well, what is that?
Quit playing that damn thing in the back.
That thing just pisses me off when I hear that.
That's just an excuse for people who don't want to say something.
Well, what does that mean?
It goes away.
I don't get any support from sales and management.
And that's pretty much it.
Well, those are the people that we need support from.
I even had to do a bait and switch to get you on the cover of those of Verizon phone books.
Why?
Because they want to put somebody else on the cover of the Verizon phone books.
And I switched it out and put your show on there instead.
What were you talking about the cover of the Verizon phone book?
Like, this is something we know about?
I thought I told George about it.
Yeah, you went out on 900,000 Verizon phone book covers your show.
And it was supposed to be something else, but I switched it.
Well, thanks so much.
Wouldn't that nice of a flea?
Mm-hmm.
Step on him.
No.
He's way over there.
Here's one from Bill, says I was wrong.
I was a self-confessed racist who still voted for Obama.
Even though I was a diehard Hillary supporter, our country really surprised me.
I thought there was no chance in hell he would be elected.
Thank God, thank Neil Goddard.
Anyway, for your poll, how about all of the above?
Yeah, I could use all the above.
Here we go from Mike.
I followed Howard over the series from the beginning.
I stopped listening this past summer and canceled series.
The reasons are as follows.
One, over the summer they take a vacation every six weeks.
Two, already laying, already laying is a ponderous loser.
Drugs, fat, I'm leaving the show.
I'm not leaving the show.
Oh, go away, already you suck.
Yeah, that must be what I was listening to that day when we were driving up here back in May.
Already going on about how he was leaving and all his drug problems and drug deals.
Oh, it was enough to make you kill yourself.
Three, Howard has disconnected his political comments on taxes, his comments,
and hanging out in the hamptons every weekend and his over-the-top wedding.
I remember when Howard connected with the audience.
Now he is lost touch.
You've lost touch with the audience, howie.
Four, the only fresh comedy the show has is Sal and Richard.
And because of how his ego he'd rather play replays of shows from the 80s on Fridays instead of giving them the microphone.
Anyhow, I'm in agreement with you, he's lost touch and serious most likely won't last if we slip into depression.
Thanks, Mike.
How do you like that?
27 cents a share, baby.
Dr. Rale, I'm still waiting for Mr. Radio to give me a list of people on the area he doesn't like.
He hasn't come up with one yet.
Not one.
That's how much of a group you are, Mr. Radio.
Anybody whose voice you hear on the ear?
I bet you even loves Gilbert.
Probably got naked pictures of Gilbert on the wall in the tea room.
Dr. Rale, I'm hopelessly chronic.
Yes, you are. Two emails a one day, but I had a comment on Howard Stern.
Why does anyone want to listen to beautiful, sexy women on dress on radio?
It's crazy. WQM does the same thing when they have the heat dancers on.
If I could see them, I might want to watch.
But on the radio, yeah, it's like Ron and Ron, you know, with those skanky whores they hit on.
Ooh.
Oh, skankies and understatement.
The one exception is George, who has Lucian, who sounds attractive.
But that's worth listening to just because she and George have good chemistry.
They're usually really funny to listen to.
I won't email a third time today to his my limit.
Thank God, Dr. Rale, thank the Lord.
But there are no other ones in the of you there. It's empty.
Even Mr. I tell you, you really know you've lost it when Mr. Radio only grew your spot again.
Oh, geez.
Yeah.
And that's because he doesn't want to criticize anybody because he is afraid that they'll turn on him.
As if we know who the hell he is or care.
Here's Jimmy, you're the best.
Stern can't hold a jock strap to you.
See that, that's the asking stuff is what I'm looking for.
I don't put myself in a same league with Stern, who's making $80 trillion a year,
and got more listeners in five minutes than we have in six months.
We could have been contenders, but then again, we got normal, you know, and then we got jolly joebell.
Big pimping race is howard sucks because everything he says is second guess by a fat black lady
who looks like fat rich or fat Chris.
Although I wish your show wasn't sensitive to you could say,
do tea bag without the old hag in the office telling you can't say those two words together.
Tell him you'll get with fat Chris and stop her whining.
Maybe she should go get Botox and she might look better than the cheap 79th street hooker she looks like now.
Says big pimping ray.
They say you look like a hooker joeys.
They hate you like poison.
Oh, here's one, anal bleaching.
All this talk about anal bleaching has me all excited.
Says the fake white lotterdale and thinking back to the days of Georgia's obsession of eating we can't say it.
Eating blank.
We can't say yes.
No.
I know it'll be difficult to play the taste like a penny song, not difficult, impossible.
But my old anchor pal, that's the big bull like in the Skyan Bishop would love it as well.
Well, too bad, fake Dwight.
Oh, here's Mr. Radio.
I don't like most radio talks shows these days.
They all suck.
It's not like the good old days.
What did they call them?
The golden days?
The glory of the glory.
The glory of the glory.
Yes, the golden age.
I mostly like you.
Oh, what a suck up.
Howard.
Phil Henry.
Jim Phillips.
Oh, and a few others.
The right winger suck.
List of people I don't like.
Rush, footy, Jimmy Sifilis, Steve Cain, Todd Schmidt, Dr. Laura, Bill or O'Reilly.
Sean Hannity and Joyce Kaufman.
Well, I don't know about Joyce.
I'd never heard her.
But all the others are just right wingers.
So what's the point of that?
I'm not talking about political philosophy.
I'm talking about people who are not good broadcasters.
People you don't like on the air, Mr. Radio.
You're supposed to be the radio maven, the expert, and you can't even finger that.
I guess maybe he's got his appointment for his anal bleaching.
He can't get his finger out of it.
Isn't that bizarre?
Think of all the zillions of people in here since Mr. Radio has been a groupie.
Since he's had his thing in the radio socket.
And he can't come up with one other than philosophical that he doesn't like.
Like people, for example.
How about people, Mr. Radio?
Mephorch.
You're five sixty QAMs.
And mephorch.
The two fourths lead.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio five sixty-double QAMs.
I am a four-letter day old.
I listen pretty quick.
I like to shave my legs, arms, and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two hours.
You're fairer.
I'm great, he's out.
I want some wood.
You ain't see bullets like gravy with rock solid.
He's a football player, too.
I sound like wall of meat.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to build to eat.
I want to hear people want to taste, but there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports queen if I want to see him grab the balls?
Oh man, wow.
Look at that kid.
He's a T-bone and quite like gravy with.
I've got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get none.
No need days up a business school.
Okay, that's not so great.
But I'm going to go somewhere with my knee.
At least until he's twenty-eight.
I'm great, he's out.
I want some wood.
You ain't see bullets like gravy with.
Oh, that's a wild look at that kid.
You ain't see bullets like gravy with.
I'll stick with Matt Castle.
Maybe we can get Matt Castle to break in the grand opening of Arnold's Royal Castle.
What do you think?
Ooh.
That sound like a plan?
Sure does.
Doesn't sound like a good fit.
Oh, so anyway, Brian and Connecticut says, what we to hear this?
This is just the best.
The reason I'm listening to now in the Internet is because someone posted on the Stern fan network
that you were bashing Howard Stern.
Is there a Neil Rogers fan network?
No, Brian, my ego isn't that big.
I'm not that desperate.
You know, these people like go on here and they post every minute of every show that he does.
And how we just farted and how we just burped and how we did this.
And Robyn just took a big dump and went, you know, like every second.
And so it didn't take very long before they got on the Stern fan network to say,
you were bashing Howard Stern.
How dare you?
Sec Religious.
Is there a Neil Rogers fan network?
You kid me, Brian.
Ready or we're all here.
That's it.
Me and Flea, we thought Flea, literally, that he sandbags this and this.
And maybe, maybe, I'm not sure about him.
No, I mean, I'm in a network.
I mean, no, you're not.
Okay, I'm out.
You're in and out.
That's what I hear.
That's what Johnny Joe Bell says.
You in fact, Chris, both in and out a lot.
297 votes on the pool.
What cosmetic procedures should Neil get?
None.
Neil is perfect.
112 butt kisses.
That's Flea put that on her.
Don't look at me.
I didn't put it on her.
Ainal Bleaching 49.
Penis at large, 34.
Stomach, safely, 30.
Bought third, man.
A mech sector, me 21.
Hair transplant, 20.
Basic face lift, 12.
Radio-carotidomy, 8.
Drupi, I lift, uh, lift four.
No job, three.
Chest hair removal, two in lip enlargement, two.
297.
What do we have on the first one?
Nine something?
Like, 920.
Oh, well, what do you know?
918.
Pretty close.
Like I said, you're pretty right on top of it.
918.
What do we got on the current one?
301.
301.
Boy, how about your fat?
Chris is going to be upset about this.
1219.
We're not going to make 13 hundred like we did yesterday during the show, but that's okay.
It's Friday.
It's Friday, but they're listening to Connecticut because the stern, uh, what is it?
The, uh, stern fan network.
Oh, have you ever looked at that thing?
No.
I mean, you talk about the expression.
I have no line.
I mean, every, every breath of air he takes, they have to write it up.
Oh, how would just took a deep breath?
I wonder if he's going to die.
How would this, how?
Every second of every show.
Roberts says, since your show is such a black hole at the station, have you considered anal bleaching?
He says, seriously, I think that the Howard Stern show jumped a shark when Jackie, the joke man, martyling left the show.
Maybe that's what we need is Jackie, the joke man.
Oh, God.
He's second most unfunny human being on the planet.
Really?
He's horrible.
Here's one from Jingleheimer Jones, who says Howard Stern is king.
Please stop your ranting about Howard Stern.
I didn't know that I was ranting about him.
I was expressing a negative opinion.
Kind of like a rant.
He still has a large audience for a pay serve as something nobody in the industry, including you would be capable of.
That's right.
Nobody would pay too cent to listen to this show, especially what they've turned it into now.
At least Howard Stern doesn't read the paper for four hours a day.
God forbid me of letting you actually put some effort into your show, says Jingleheimer Jones.
Well, guess what Jingleheimer?
That's my response to you.
And I just mailed it to you.
Neil, I have serious listen to Howard, but a 10 o'clock Howard goes off in your own.
No one can ever replace you.
Ed kissing big and homostead, big suck up.
Nick says, my friend Marty and I, many, many others think you are wasting your town if you don't go to a larger market.
Perhaps FM, serious or nationwide somehow.
Oh, yeah.
Go to a, uh, go to serious, walk in the door there in New York.
Please consider because you have more listeners than you think.
Been listening for 15 plus years.
Sorry, I like the tapes not.
I see I like tapes not George.
I see.
One word raised, Stern, it's is overrated.
I think you're just jealous of these making 50 million here.
I know I am.
I'm not jealous of that show.
Or the ego or he's got a massive ego.
Oh, it's the stern home, Mr. Radio, people who suck on a year.
Here we go.
And you're not going to be too happy about this.
George, Josie, Don Bailey, Jr. and Jimmy Cifalus.
How do you like that?
What happened?
Mr. Radio, no less one.
Oh, gee, Mr. Roo.
Yeah, if I were you, I'd be.
I can't, I gotta leave. I gotta go cry.
Go with Flea out in the hallway and have a good, your shruy.
This one too long, I'm printing it out.
Here's one from Steve.
I was driving in Cod Phil Henry on WIOD late hour last night last week.
He talked about how he voted for Obama and apparently his flip flopped again.
And it's not for the GOP party anymore.
Good God.
Talk about a waffler.
I guess better late than ever to come back to his senses.
He definitely is not as funny as he used to be though.
Love your show, and he'll hope you enjoy the music I send you periodically.
George, cursive guy Steve.
Do you know who that is?
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
PS, if you were in front of a firing squad,
how'd it pick between Glenn Gary Glenn Ross and Network,
which movie would stay?
Just a stupid question during the time on my hands today.
It says Steve.
Is that Steve that sent us the video?
Sounds like the guy.
What's his last name?
What's it start with?
It doesn't have a language.
Oh, okay.
It's got automaton 72, is it email?
No.
Well, I did not memorize his email.
Well, why not?
What the hell is wrong?
You know, I smoke here instead.
I was another one about stirring good.
These people are a little bit slow.
God, are they slow?
Maybe these, you know, you keep telling me the emails come in real fast.
I don't believe.
Joe Bell here.
Oh, he hates your show and you and George.
Oh, I'm still your friend though.
Oh, it says Jolly Joe.
Oh, for Freniel's pool.
And he also get a high colonic.
I love the way they spelled it.
Or maybe that's Hickolonic.
You ever get a Hickolonic?
Just this morning.
Okay, let me print these out.
I hate reading them off the day I'm on it.
Oh, and Mr. Radio is back again.
Oh, Jesus, God.
Here's the link that guy was talking about.
I don't want the link.
Jesus, God.
The link to the Stern fan network.
He must be a crazy person.
Mr. Radio, you know something?
I've been doing this for a long time.
I've been in Miami for 32 and a half years.
I've been in radio since I was 17, you, almost 50 years.
But people who are obsessed with radio,
radio groupies make me want a caca.
Including you, Mr. Radio.
Oh, here's the link.
Here's the, I don't want no link.
I don't need to check out the Stern fan website.
I'm not interested.
I know that comes as a great shock to you, Mr. Radio.
You, uh, you're fair.
You idiot.
Okay, here's one.
I've listened to your show for 20 years.
I find you very entertaining and very talented.
The way you've been able to evolve with all the constant roadblocks
hurled at you.
This said to compare you to Howard's like comparing
triple A baseball team to the Yankees.
I agree.
Well, Howard is by far the most talented, entertaining radio broadcaster ever.
Wow.
His show is now as good or better than ever.
Now I totally disagree.
That's crap.
He hardly takes calls.
He manages to keep you listening with his cast of characters and misfits.
A K A Wack pack from Gary the retard to Daniel or something.
A rather of the K K K.
For the endless interviews with celebrities where he asked questions during his interviews,
you'd never hear asked anywhere else.
His interviews are the best.
Many revelations about celebrities have been outed on his show, i.e.
Howie Mandel's OCD about being a germaphob.
I wish you had the same free range he does.
I'd love to listen to your show unrestricted by Joyce and the FCC.
Bottom line, Howard is the best many fellow broadcasters cast down upon him
for another reason in jealousy.
Hope you can make it to serious before you croak.
Take care of fan before you croak.
Yeah, that sounds like a real fan to me.
And guess what?
I ain't going to serious.
They don't want me.
I don't want them at 27 cents a share.
What did I tell you about people paying for radio?
Way back in the beginning.
People just asked me about that.
And from the very beginning, I said, I don't think so.
I mean, if you can get great, hot sex every day for free, why would you go out and pay for it?
Right.
A fan.
Big Jo and Pointin' Pete says,
a long time listener since the 80 days 87, actually met you once at the 1999 Best of Niels Ailes
with a sawgrass mall.
I've called a couple of times usually can't take anything interesting to say.
Also a fellow sugar addict and lifetime dieter,
holy smith, I guess at 41, I'll just be fat forever.
Big Jo and Pointin' Pete.
Well, thanks, Big Jo.
Oh, that's it.
I thought there was a whole bunch more Howard stuff on there.
How dare you to be knocking the king of all media?
How dare you?
We're going to report you to the...
Brandon says, not the real Brandon.
Hey, Neil, I could be mistaken, but I thought I saw you on lemonparty.org.
Well, what is that?
Some kind of a fruit thing?
I don't get it.
Google it.
Lemonparty.org.
Come on, do something like lemon party.
What the hell are you doing?
Lemonparty.org.
There is a sale at Tiger Direct, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
Oh my God, now I'm getting these things out here too.
Oh, all right.
Yeah, you don't want to say that part.
I'm not doing anything that you tell me to do ever again.
Wow, what's lemon party?
I'm not going to do...
You Google it.
You go there.
Since you don't have any talent often, Dickens have about some panther Dickens for Friday.
I'll meet you with a game, Cisjacent.
No, I'm not coming down here, Jason.
Especially if you're going to be there.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't get no rejects.
4.30.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Party.
Oh yeah, lemon.
It's Friday, you best days.
Good morning, Sony Music.
Hello, Mr. Matola, please.
And you are...
Michael Jackson.
And you are...
The King of Top.
And you were given that title by...
Myself.
And this is regarding...
Getting out of my contract.
Please hold.
Hello.
Hello, it's Michael.
Michael who?
Boat.
No, no, no, no, no.
I told you, go to here, back.
We'll talk.
No, no, it's Michael.
Michael Damien?
Rock off, kid.
No, no, Michael Jackson.
Oh, sweet mother of invention.
Listen, Mr. Matola, I want to talk to you, man to man.
Well, okay, put him on.
No, I mean me and you.
Oh, all right, what?
Please let me out of my contract.
I can't do that, Michael.
Why? Because you didn't use any of my promotional ideas.
Michael, your promotional ideas were horrible.
I can't give away a llama for every CD sold.
Actually, I could've run with that.
You only sold about four copies.
What about my idea of using Macaulay Culkin
and Times Square as a human-pogostick?
Look, what you two sickos doing here spare time is none of my business.
You have to let me out of my contract.
Listen, Michael, I got to go.
I got Cory Felden in my office.
This kid's sitting on a hit. Have you heard it?
It's called Megalaman.
It's very mean and hurtful.
Look, the kid's a little rough in the face department,
but we could trick him up.
Easier fixes face up to fix your last album.
Ain't no message could have been any clearer to me, Matulia.
It's Tommy Matulia.
Tommy, a willow deeply scarred.
Somebody's broken hearted.
Michael, I got to go.
You got to look at your fan.
No, no.
I got to go.
Change your way.
One seventeen at five sixty WQA.
I'm happy Friday to you.
Happy Chivuas.
How about those canes, huh?
How many people were there last night?
What are the announce the attendance as?
How many empty seats?
How many thousand?
About thirty men.
A lot. I think there's a little over forty thousand there.
Wow.
In Dolphin's stadium where they could have packed in seventy eighty thousand?
Yep.
Pretty weak.
Pretty weak and they're seven and three now?
Yeah.
Keynes.
Here's one from Sparky who says, listening to Goldie the other day,
is he was filling in for the big O.
And the topic turned to you.
Goldie now refers to you as fifty cents, fifty cents,
for bowing down to Fadjali Joong giving up half your contract.
Also, I believe the word half man was used.
Pretty Volsey coming from the squeakmeister.
Also Howard Spurm blows, cockpeaks, cussed,
half-mess with a serious stock.
Oh, here's a smucked about serious stock.
So let's not have a lemon party.
Yeah, let's not.
No.
Oh, that was one of the grossest things I've ever seen.
I've seen a lot.
But that was right up there.
That was bad.
This is good.
Maybe let's go from bad to good.
This is one of the best emails I've gotten.
The short suite to the point.
It says, the best way to look at these serious next-gen merger is if a rock doesn't float,
what good is it to tie another rock to it?
They'll just sink twice as fast.
How do you like that?
Yep.
Good perk.
Excellent point.
Well said.
Nothing in the view.
Nothing in there.
318 votes on the poll.
Let's see, 318 and 918 is 1236.
If Chris was here, they would have had 1,300.
But we won't make it.
Because we got flea here.
Flea who's very downcast and despondent.
He finally realizes.
It took him a little while.
He realizes where he is and what it's all about.
I would think after 10 years with Jolly Joe, you'd already know.
Now, this place is definitely different in what sense?
In a radio sense?
In other words, it's not radio.
Let me say it again.
In other words, it's not radio.
Yes.
See, we finally squeezed it out of him.
Look at this.
So anyway, Charlie B had an interesting thing
which I saved all the way through till now.
Now that we're out of emails.
Well, outside of the email thing to me is just bitterly disappointing.
Bitterly.
Not just ordinary disappointing.
Bitterly disappointing.
The dearth of anything on there.
Dearth.
The beginning, you would have thought that that was the greatest thing
since sliced halavam, man.
You would have thought it was phenomenal.
I'm going to go give me a good lunch today.
What do I want?
Here's a couple of mics.
You need any of those procedures listed on today's poll.
By the way, you want to stop by the stadium at sunrise
and tackle my divot face with your oh god, I can't read that.
From the fake ween.
Here's one from Jason, Jason, Jason.
Not this Jason.
Has anyone noticed that since the economy has been in the dumper,
the customer service has improved dramatically in retail outlets.
I was at home depot drove through Wendy's this morning
and their employees were so friendly.
I got a bunch of happy good days and can I help you with anything?
I guess during the current economic employees, people are holding on to their jobs tightly
and the companies are actually training their staffs.
A few notes.
One, tick sucks.
He does not belong anywhere near a microphone.
Two, Howard Stern sucks.
Three, it's Friday you bastard and four,
Willie Nelson for the poll.
This is Jason who's obsessed with Willie Nelson.
Oh god almighty.
And here's one from another Jason who says,
you're a hatred for Stern is sickening.
I'm becoming violently ill listening to this.
My hatred for Stern.
Did you detect any hatred?
No, my hatred meter detects all that out.
Please don't down your jealousy toward the Babe Ruth of Radio Howard Stern.
While you're doing your show and spewing your hate,
Howard's probably in his mansion with his model girlfriend,
while wiping his sweat with his millions.
Well good for him.
My hate toward Howard.
See this is the insecurity of the Howard fans.
We've always talked about that.
If you have the audacity to criticize their hero,
then all of a sudden they take it personally.
Oh my god, you're insulting the king of all media.
Oh, I can't believe it.
I never met him. Why would I hate him?
And he needs to let the hair go seriously.
Now see this flea taking a personal shot.
Next you're going to be talking about his douche n'az.
No, that's cool, but his hair is like 60 and it's still jet black and curly and long.
Yeah, you're just jealous.
A little bit.
How do you know it's curly and long?
Oh the hair.
So anyway, Charlie B.
puts this thing together.
The neoroges for our All Star Radio cavalcade of emails are fakers frauds and phonies.
The king of South Florida radio.
For my money's worth, can you let me 50 bucks?
Is the counterfeit Larry King.
The best entertainment in local radio proclaims the fake Tom Jicca of the phony baloney son sent.
No blanking blank hole sputters the pretend president bush.
The GD queer. There he goes again.
Mothers the bogus the bush and I don't know.
We haven't had too many good fake emails today.
That's bad yesterday was sensational.
And I even said to you, I thought it was a heck of a show and you say, eh.
With the fake red be dell the fake we never heard once from the great son of fake son he fights today.
Maybe he's upset that the.
Informer has informed.
Maybe it's Ron Hershey from Hershey highway.
Wasn't he always obsessed with his show?
He was.
Ron Hershey man is that a talent?
No. He's like one step away from footy and guess what they both got canned.
What's Ron Hershey doing out?
Do we know is he on the air somewhere?
I haven't heard.
If he is the entire world is asking in unison one question.
Why?
That's a good question.
People are good poll question.
People who are are on the air or been on the air in this market who never should have been even in front of a microphone.
Like flee.
Is that what the guy just said about you?
Hades you like poison.
Let's see Mr. Radio and Larry should hold hands and jump off a cliff.
Is that and I thought that that was so important.
Oh I see.
January 20th will be coming out of the closet for condolese he says.
One after the other.
Keep him coming Ed.
Or Mr. Radio is back.
Add guilty to list of people who don't belong on the air.
Suck.
He just coming to my rescue now because guilty was ripping me.
Guess what guilty with my 50% pay card.
Let's take let's take your fill and work at a QAM.
Let's take your work on Panther or TV as such as it is with the Panther games and add all that together.
Now do you think guilty is in the high income bracket the league in the business?
No.
And he's sitting there I mean talk about the pot kiln or kettle black.
At least I admit sterens making 50 million a year and we're all like just our tongues are hanging to our toes for money like that.
Hey he's an inspiration.
He is?
Howard yeah.
I thought you meant guilty.
Oh no no.
The squeakmeister.
Sour grapes guilty okay just because of the fact that I'm the one at the I've always had the balls to say you never belong on the air and you don't belong on the air.
With a horse like that.
Holy cow.
Oh the Panther the Panther squad of gold the Panthers and of course that Denise Puffman never shuts up long enough to let him squeak anything anyway.
Do you really want to know where Ron Hershey is?
Yeah.
Okay currently the creative director slash senior copywriter for news talk 850 WFTL.
Oh.
Oh.
I'm never going to be the same again.
Oh.
Well that speaks volumes.
What what are the titles again he's the creative director slash senior copywriter for news talk 850 WFTL.
Copy.
At least they got a copywriter.
Another one of those James crystal stations that Norma can't specialize in.
Norma semi a text one whatever happened to the text message thing that they were going to do for us remember that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like they're doing over on power and getting 80 million text a week and stuff like that whatever happened to that flea.
It costs $1,600 a month to do it and they don't want to pay for it.
There you go.
And they couldn't sell it.
Apparently not.
That's less than 400 bucks a week.
And they couldn't sell it to somebody.
I think they've tried.
They sold it for power 96.
That's for damn sure.
What do you think of Henry Paulson's flip flopping on the bailout asks Eric?
I don't I don't think about I see him I see that bolt headed geek.
Howard sperm.
Laugh my ass off that was funny it says.
Neal do you run any instant messages on your computer while you're on the air?
People could instant message you it might be faster than the emails sometime.
No no thanks.
No thanks.
Oh yeah let's all I am Neal.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Yeah manage.
It's happening.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
And like that.
Yeah let there seems we're going to have to try something a little different here today since no longer have the luxury of leaving my home.
Forty-seven.
So yeah what we decided to do was invite all three of all listening audience to the plushly-affirented WQAM studios and have them call us here.
Forty-seven.
Forty-seven.
And we're going to have to go and store for you including the sheer hilarity of another run.
We should comedy.
Sure you're going to love it.
You tell me what about through my.
Sure it's a fast first bedroom on your right.
Back in D.F.O that's why everybody loves you.
And I have one coffee D.F.O.
Hi there.
Let's go to our first go.
Richie from Boisehead.
Hello.
That's me.
Hi D.F.O.
And you guys doing back at the studio.
You know that fat guy that works here.
Oh yeah it's a high boy.
Yeah I guess he got stuck in the men's room stall.
Again?
That place looks like ground zero.
Thank you for my call.
Okay let's get back to the sink.
Titty of sports radio.
Mark the judge's fan.
Hello.
Hey D.F.O.
Hi appelline.
Hey you dolphin suck.
Oh yeah.
Yeah I hope you judge fans.
Don't mind me.
Just because Polly said you can't go back there.
Now let's not get into that.
Okay.
Hey everybody ready for yet another hilarious run.
Oh she comical comedy bitch.
Yeah.
I am the voice of someone with a set of line.
And I am the voice of someone with a punchline.
Hello voice with set of line.
Yes.
I have something funny to say about a sports related topic.
You don't say yes.
And speaking of Tom Kennedy.
Aha.
Coach Coker.
Aha.
That is a funny name like Coker Cola.
Aha.
Yes it is.
The end.
All right it's time to give some tickets away to an anonymous caller.
Yeah.
Guy with the eyes.
Hello.
What's up Kenny.
I got a new wife beaters shirt today.
We have a winner.
I won it.
I won.
I'm not any why don't you do any great Elvis and bassinations and closed the show today.
Why is bad say.
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports.
All right.
133 I haven't played that in a long time.
Andy.
No we have not.
You play it.
I don't.
What about flea.
You played on your show flea all the time.
Here's Madeline says why don't you like how it's turned.
Oh god.
Why are you talking bad about stern.
Why are you.
As mentioned you before on a show and seems even complimented you.
My only guess is you might have an infatuation and knowing you can never get
Howard is driving you nuts.
Yeah that's it.
It's the schnauz.
I want to deepen my.
Racco.
Oh yeah.
You're crazy person Madeline.
Crazy.
But see that's what it said.
It's it's not a show.
It's like a religion.
Right.
You don't dare criticize.
All right.
And why you had you hate him so much.
Did I say anything about him personally or I hate him or I wish you would croak or anything like that.
I don't think so.
But all you little children there get on that message board and blah blah blah blah blah.
Oh that fat fat.
Faggot in Miami said blah blah blah blah.
Like that whatever.
Larry says how can QA make money on the hurricanes and not anything else.
Thursday they were on a radio from 2 p.m. till midnight.
I think to one in the morning.
The room maybe went to bed.
The hurricanes are a small market school that can't fill a stadium.
A small basketball court or even a small baseball stadium.
Only one half a one percent can afford to go to that school with an enrollment less than 5,000 students.
Joe Bell must be a marketing genius.
Now you're catching on Larry.
Since he's destroyed QA M you're sure is the only one I listen to.
Thanks Larry.
Thank you Larry.
Thanks for sticking with us even against the odds.
Here's one from excuse me the fake sunny Fox.
Oh fake sunny Fox number two says Mr. Radio is a D bag.
We can't say do we can say do it by itself.
Right can't say back Michael and West Palm says don't know if you've heard mad dog on the subject.
He's been doing a great job.
I'm what a joke tomorrow in stadium is.
Well some good thing the election is over without any of that.
Give mad dog off that right wing jagged his you know.
That jag.
He's got a jag.
Jag.
Jag.
War.
Faggot.
Um basically turning a billion dollars over with no oversight.
He has talked about negative stories raised in the Wall Street Journal on the stadium has noted the same stories don't appear in the Harold wonder why one of the things he's noticed they came to parking garage will be revenue neutral when their own internal studies show what a lose million a year.
From a listener in West Palm well thank you so much.
Yeah it's another white elephant.
Oh we got to have a stadium for the Marlins the Marlins.
344 votes on the poll.
What cosmetic procedures should need to get none.
Neal is perfect 127.
Anel bleaching 59 penis enlargement 40 stomach statling 33 hair transplant 24 and maxectomy 22.
Basic facelift 14 radio carotidomy 9 lip enlargement 5 nose job 5.
Drupi eyelift 4 and chest hair removal.
Solomentate dose.
All your despite.
Oops hope I fake the flea out of you that one of his hope one of his wings fell off.
Please don't work.
No.
No is he in there?
Yeah yeah.
23 till 2 a Q a.
It's a 12 Friday you bastards on a bloody cloud.
A cloud of a bloody cloud.
I went to O. Jesus state and something wasn't right.
I took a walk down the street and I took out my flesh like you carried.
And I suspected something funny when I saw spotted blood.
Then I jumped over the wall and then I don't hate those dogs.
You told me about some thumbs he heard so I looked around some more.
And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody cloud.
A bloody cloud.
But it didn't tell Kato a bloody cloud.
Whoa whoa whoa whoa.
Next thing we knew O.J. went on a low speed run for a ride.
Now he's in an L.A. jail charged for double homicide.
And I believe it's first degree.
Murder is guilty of it's because of a bloody cloud.
142 18 till 2 at 5 60 WQ I am happy Friday to hear.
Here's another one from the fake red VDLA K.A. Sonny Fox.
Subject dummy up.
Neil the head haunches are listening to your show today talking down on how it's not a good idea today.
Well too bad fake rig.
As far as the talking heads are the whatever the hell they are the talking heads.
What about the head haunches are concerned maybe they ought to go out and pay some bills.
If they go out and water go up on the street corner and take up a collection so they can pay the billions of dollars in debt.
Not millions with an M billions with a B as in best Darro Maria Bartiromo the fake one of course says.
Hello Neil I'm getting ready to shoot the closing bell at 3 p.m.
And someone told me how you're talking bad about the markets.
Mr. Rogers I'd like to inform you that this is a buying opportunity of a lifetime started barking at the audience to buy when the market was at 14,000 and then at 13,000 and then at 12,000 and now I'm screaming to buy at 8,000.
Sir you can sit back and spear hatred for the free market but let me tell you capitalism always wins.
It's the best path to prosperity sincerely Maria Bartiromo with or without the heavy bags under her eyes.
Wow what a bitch.
Now let's take a look at the gambling channel of power up up with your lunch.
The Dow is down to 14, 86, 20.
The Dow has not consecutive weekly gains since May.
Noise downstairs at 2 a.m.
It's the right thing to do immediately but until help arrives you're really in a bad situation and that's really where we are right now.
And the fact that Mr. Paulson completely threw the cards in the air earlier this week and essentially undid what we were expecting out of the tarp.
I think that as far as fixed income markets are concerned that is really throwing them for a loop.
I don't see how they unfreeze say before the end of the month.
Mark weigh in on all of this.
How do you like that?
That Hank Paulson he said well you know we lost the election so let's give it to some of our other friends.
Let's take all that money and give it to our friends.
Downed out 232 I want to see how the loony is doing.
Maybe the loony will get down to about 60 cent when that'd be great for me.
81.64 that's not bad it's still a little bit too high.
The euro is 127.27.
77.27.
WZ.
Oh just a second I'll find it.
WNBC!
I mean I'm old and feeble but not that old or feeble.
Well actually I am.
So what do you think? Do we like Howard or what?
I don't want to get all those people all upset.
Oh Jesus pick it on Howard.
Why don't you like it?
I don't like his show. It's not personal.
It's like the sports thing.
More power to you go.
I'm not going to be in your way.
I'm not going to be standing in line.
I'm going to be in the back screw your branch out.
Have a good time.
I don't think we're going to be grudge anybody in this business anyway because it's a whole business man.
It's an awful brutal business.
And of course Howard he experienced some of the same crap that I've had to put up with the last 20 years.
The difference being that they you know,
ponyed up huge money and they put them on serious and they let them say whatever they want.
And by the way the day that I was forced to listen in the car driving up here.
The thing that shocked me the most is that the language wasn't anywhere near what I thought it was going to be.
In other words, you know there were a few F bombs and a few S.A.
But not all that much.
Now why is that?
I don't know.
You know me the potty mouth that I am used to.
If I had the opportunity to be on here and say any damn F and thing that I wanted.
Right.
That I wouldn't do it.
I'd be I'd be spewing it.
I imagine it would sound a lot like how we talked before the show.
Right. That's very normal natural.
There's nothing gratuitous about it.
But that's correct.
Like normal people.
Oh, I don't know any of those 360 votes on the pool.
Let's hear it for free.
If he weren't here today we wouldn't have we wouldn't have done squat.
We got 12 78.
Well if you had pushed it free we could have made 1300 then then you'd have been a hero.
Well, as opposed to just a slump.
But please got bigger things on his plate.
He's thinking of telling them to shove it.
Isn't that what you said?
Something like that.
You're thinking of telling them to stick it where the moon don't shine and you've had
enough a joe bill in this horse ball.
Make believe radio station to make believe ballsroom.
The fake John McCain says how it's staring used to be absolutely hysterical.
When he left terrestrial radio only the true diehard fans were willing to pay to listen.
I have enough bills to pay.
Nearage is as free.
The economy is no longer fundamentally sound says the fake John McCain.
How do you manage to keep a show together with the total lack of support from WQM?
Even that little quizzling flea.
Who licks joebell's tushy all the time.
Even flea admits that there were the black hole on this station.
Sales promotion.
Uh uh not for that old fat faggot.
Lachonic angry bitter George along with a studio full of sophomore Tellinus misfits.
How do you do it Neal?
You're handed a smelly empty bag of air and you turned it into a four hour entertaining radio show.
Signed the fake John McCain.
This was entertaining today.
This was excruciating for me.
See I know that it's hard for them to understand but I actually believe that when you when you have the opportunity to go on here and say anything
other than slander or you know language is prohibited.
But you can say anything you want about anything that it's a real rare opportunity the same with the email.
Totally anonymous.
Totally fun.
And like we beg.
Oh please please you know like that.
Yeah.
And that's because we're on a year in South Florida land of the walking dead walking talking dead walking mumbling dead.
That's why George is big in the summertime.
They like mumbling.
That's right.
They like that.
They like it a lot.
They like roller skating mumbling and smoking dope.
Who doesn't?
Like the weed lady.
I got to hear her one.
You can't die.
I mean it's terrible.
The years that I've been looking at listening to six ten.
And this here now this here.
Poor old lady.
I bet she's pushing up days.
He's now huh?
Just like the old goat that called earlier today you know they called twice yesterday whenever that was.
What was wrong with what that guy said in the email that mother of a god.
Yeah that old guy.
Guys older than a thussle.
Where is you out WQ I am hello.
No it doesn't wear me out I actually enjoy him.
Is it where you are?
No that's still maybe if he's still alive he'll call back.
What was you odd?
I can't say.
No seriously what what was you on?
Oh the the the the the the fake email just starting to wear me out.
Oh yeah.
And the chronic the real super chronic like gyro 26.
He did send a good poll but oh my god.
Here's Mike who's becoming really chronic.
This message might meet you in utmost surprise.
So where is this my urgent need for a foreign partner that made me contact you for this transaction.
I choose to reach you through it because it still remains the fastest medium of communication.
This correspondence is private.
I'm a banker by profession from the west currently working on CNBC.
Please send me $25 million so I can invest in the always reliable US stock market sign the real gym cramer.
Keep working on a mic.
Oh Mr. Radio's back.
How it has beat you hands down when it comes to interviews.
He has you beat you couldn't interview the doing interview these days with Tom Brady if Matt K.
What you couldn't do an interview these days if Tom Brady and Matt Castle were offered.
You did okay.
I did okay.
How do you like that?
Like I'm interested in interviewing a bunch of stupid ass celebrities.
See the first part of the problem Mr. Radio is I don't care about those people.
Celebrities bore me to tears.
You could do it.
And so at Mr. Radio who's been sucking ass all day now all of a sudden has to go through a gratuitous shot.
Just before the end of the show and the end of the week just to be a bastard.
How do you like that?
I think I'm going to crawl off in a corner and cry.
14 degrees.
It's 58 but boy it's murky.
It's nasty looking.
We're going to have like some forays over the weekend and crap.
Oh.
It's almost enough to make me want to come down there for the winter time.
What do you think?
Not.
Oh I know.
You couldn't do an interview these days if Tom Brady and Matt Kassel and by the way I like the way you spelled Matt Kassel.
Like Royal Kassel.
You idiot Mr. Radio.
You illiterate Mr. Radio.
If it's not even the real one.
That's right.
I've crossed into very dangerous territory now.
I've come.
I'm in murky waters because I had the audacity to criticize the anointed one.
The king of all media.
You're not supposed to do that.
I've taken a few good shots over the years but I mean to go in to go in with it length like I did today and say that I think his show basically sucks.
It's like criticizing Jesus.
That's right.
You don't criticize the baby Jesus without getting the wrath of God.
Well how about getting the wrath of...
Damn God.
That's right.
I'll come and tear your house down.
I'll stand outside and blow you over.
In fact then I'm going to bring the lemon drop twins.
That was the grossest damn thing I have seen in a long, long time.
And believe me I've seen plenty of gross crap.
That was disturbing.
A disturbing is a good word for it.
Leave it to flee to come through for us at the SN after Mr. Radio dist me at the end of the show.
Shame on you.
Here's the mole with a pull.
If the neo-Rodger show was a reality show who would you vote off?
Neil, George, Chris, Josh, Cortis, Flea, Joe Bell, the collars are the e-mailers.
That's not too bad.
Reality show.
That's another thing that just drives me nuts.
All these scripted and you know who really is driving me nuts is that damn Gene Simmons.
Is he?
Yeah.
He's a...what's your call it?
What do you call it?
He's an Aussie.
I want to...
I didn't even know that show was on anymore.
What?
His show.
Who Aussie?
The Gene show.
Oh, the Gene Simmons.
Oh yeah.
He's an Aussie as worn wannabe.
All these people want to be on there and acting like real morons and the show is just...
It's crap is what it is.
Oh, hi, Jerry.
Now you're really wet nuts.
You don't have Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The...
Fourth leader.
Hello.
Sports leader.
There you go.
Okay.
It's day.
If I have a town.
At 560.
So WQA.
Your dear.
A lot.
Mr. Radio says have a nice weekend.
Yes, and I wrote him back.
Get a light.
Loser.
Schmuff.
Let's up you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my racks to be used.
Use use to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who say.
I'm going to go with this.
Oi.
I'm saving the gold in corners.
I'm cutting combines because I'm a victim of possession.
Buying from this town's stores.
And I don't know if I'll get through it.
Oh no, I've spent.
Too much.
I bounced by checks this month.
There goes my credit rating.
I thought I had more in my savings.
I'll take you out to lunch if you buy.
It's the softy kind of me.
I'm saving the gold in corners.
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of possession.
Buying from this town's stores.
BYE BYE BYE.
The biggest names, the best talent.
And your old ones for Miami Dolphins would vote.
Borg's Radio 560 WQAF.
Miami.
Born a lot of there.
