The music expressed on the piano.
Jerk Jerk Street. Oh!
Oh my God!
Oh, the pain is extrusioning.
It's staff advertiser sprays.
Oh, acceptable.
The big name is the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560.
If you know what you can't, it's right in Jerk Jerk Street if you applaud.
Lauderdale.
That's what please gonna do.
Now, where do we find out the real story of the music on the piano?
The Neo Roger Show.
Detalked in the air.
Dial 5678.
Here's your exciting day.
Oh, and brown.
McKinnell County.
In other counties.
Bichel told from Biss 7777.
If you need a free, you will open the 2.0 and 4.6 on your AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless.
Well, even a complete opinion expressed by his guests or his colleagues.
Here he is.
I understand.
Maybe you can look at the image.
The ultimate staff for sponsors.
Now, the Neo Roger Show.
On 560WQAM.
Get the Hoover.
I'll see more on 5.
You ferry.
Rock says you're not it with them.
Looks like he's from much getting land.
How did he get?
Here's life that's.
I had a demo getting the rain.
All in the air there's a joke on his face.
How did he get?
Who is the better?
Rock looks like the cute zip of wax.
And how about an earwax tax?
We be out of trouble.
This life that's.
Yeah.
And now it's time to end this song.
Like it is, it's going on too long.
We can still grab perfect terms.
It's like that.
I look at him with his people head.
I remember both.
For right that thread.
I can.
Yeah.
We're off your sleeves and do, do, do.
Must off those old studies.
Lift up the hood and the engine.
And get an air in.
do do do step up to the plate that's what we need is Ross Piro back oh thank
God this is all over and people are voting today and then a few hours it'll be
over and Obama will be the president elect and the life will go on Jesus
God doesn't it is it just me or just feel like this whole thing is going on for
years so long oh God I mean I hopefully it'll be worth waiting for but good
golly just an exhaustive process let's take a look at that outlook
expressed there are no items in this view all right sports fans all right
it's election day here's one I mean there've been a few trickle in this
morning of course here's one from Paula who says I got in line at 6.30 this
morning was thirty-third in line when they opened the doors at 7 a.m. there were
about 75 people in line my precinct is east sunrise and the
relapse of elderly already out of 10 hour the morning I finally got into
voted eight eight a.m. it took all of five to six minutes some suggestions to
help the voting go back to computers the amount of paper that's wasted with
these ballots is killing lots of trees it would have been so easy to adapt
to printed the prior electronic voting machines but our representatives would
rather spend money we don't have ballots in English only speak in English if
you can't bring in a read English you shouldn't be voting no speaky English
Paula no speaky English make the voting hours between 7 a.m. and 9 p.m. for
people who have to get to work make a requirement that a high school high school
seniors work the polls for their community service hours but also expose them
to the civic duty that everybody needs to do do your civic duty I did my duty
this morning
aren't you proud of me yes very much so heavy duty the system isn't perfect but
it's all regards is Paula but we do need to allow more parties to be involved
because the ones we've gotten our shirts screwing things up go Obama go early
birthday wishes Niels is Paula thanks Paula Paula cared enough to send her
very best about 200 absent he ballots and the squalafine in Lee County County
of election official said in some cases the ballots did not have a signature
and others the signature didn't match the one on file or they were signed by
people with power of attorney which is not allowed for voting Lee County
election supervisor Sharon Harrington said a voter who absent he ballot was
disqualified will receive a notice but there's nothing can be done for it for
this election because once a ballot is dropped in the box there's no way to get
it back and make changes what's in the box the 200 disqualified ballots were
among 58,000 ballots that had arrived at the southwest Florida County by as of
last Wednesday another 18,000 absentee ballots have come in since then well Lee
County that's good that's four wires that's right the fewer votes that count
over there the better it is this qualify all of them over their naples for
Myers that's where the beesleys are we got flee in the what's his name Fats
O Chris today because George's on vacation maybe George is putting some illegal
documents together and sneaking in a voter two or three you think so no no
hopefully he's not Obama's ahead in the vote count new hamster town picks the
first Democrat in 40 years every four years voters in a small town of dot a
Dixville notch new hamster gather at midnight to cast their presidential ballots
Democratic candidate Barack Obama defeated John McCain 15 to six among the
town's voters Obama's the first Democrat to win the small town's vote in 40
years the town's been the first to vote in every presidential election since
1948 and every one of his voters cast a ballot Bush won a majority of the
town's vote in 2004 and 2000 Dixville notch is not back to Democratic candidates
in 68 when its residents chose Hubert Humphrey over Richard Nixon over
tricky dick and not only did he win Dixville notch by a whopping margin of 15 to
six but Obama scooped hearts location that's the other little town that votes
early hearts location new hamster 17 to 10 with two right in votes for Ron Paul
exciting stuff you bet so let's see 17 to 10 and 15 to 632 to 16 that's
double so far Obama's double the numbers for insane old McCain now if
we're gonna have another death now on the email we might have to take a lot of
calls to the inspected no there there's nothing in there in spite of what in
spite of fleas protestations about phone call okay because he disappeared for
that second well here's one from the desk of john so and so dear friend confident
it's another one of the spam things you know about you've won eighty trillion
dollars and wow this is scary here's one from Alfredo happy birthday Nima you
have another sixty six productive years oh sure because as far as I'm concerned
the world's a lot better with you in it by the way I voted for Obama during the
early voting period joe Obama best from Al thanks Al thank you so much where
did the fleet go no I'm right here I thought you went off to a kick Gary
Cernor in the ass that'll be later what a schmuck you know it's one thing to be
a moron but to go around with a megaphone you know blurring it out to
everybody that's that's even worse
well what do you think the I mean of the people in the building who voted because
it has nothing to do with ballgame is what do you what do you think the ratio
would be in that in that place I'd say it's probably heavy McCain yeah well it
depends what's how the building you're talking about your good buddy jolly joe by
the way he's he was a big good bush defender that's sad yeah well that figures
losers of a feather suck together
Trisha and Miami says it saddens me how they're trying to steal the election
again this time in North Carolina and Virginia North Carolina had early voting
and they never had a problem now they're having problems in their polling stations
sir if they steal the selection again the USA will be the laughing stock of the
world again no one in this country will want to go out and vote anymore when
all they do is steal elections it's really sad Niels is Trisha and Miami just
relax Trisha cool your jets Obama's ahead 32 to 16 and Ron Paul's got a
couple of votes you think we're gonna have like another dearth I mean I would
think that people would be letting us know what's going on other if they voted
what you know what the deal is outlook express oh here's one it's from
y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all y'all
you do he's an emailer he's the one oh that's right enough what that guy yeah
that guy remember that girl with Marlowe Thomas well this is that guy oh here's
one I went to a Cooper City Hall at 6.20 this morning to vote about 60 people
are so in front of me got in pretty much got out quick when the polls open
actually made it to work by 9am to go Obama nice going Jeff and all our people
who are voting for Obama by the way don't forget if you have some time later
in the day go back and vote again oh also I don't want to hear about any
misinformation like the right wingers have been doing but if you're an
orthodox you you're not allowed to vote oh what what are you laughing about that's
his funny that was no funny laughing matter mister orthodox Jews niched for a
dear Neil I already know that you know about this to listen to senator yesterday
but here's time jica his taken these widely read world famous TV plus blog
and even mentions you well that's ball-headed Tommy for it Tommy jica I'm a
maize he's still working here they're making somebody cutbacks he'll be soon I
guarantee you that that's on set let's now for up to four pages I've never seen
anything like it in my life but Tom jica still there he says WQM's FCC
nightmare is over the long nightmare of WQM radio 560 a.m. and his current
company basically broadcasting is over the long nightmare the nightmare will be
over when jolly joe belgates the boot
beastly is headed in agreement with the FCC to resolve numerous complaints and
license challenges for alleged indecency and other transgressions some of
which go back five years most of the complaints were filed by one individual the
unmentionable one they recently disbarred one that's the one Tom there's enough
legal easy agreement to make a layman's head explode the key bottom line
elements are basically agreed to conduct a training program in FCC rules for
its talent and staff and report to the FCC and how it's complying
beesleys also to make a voluntary contribution to the US Treasury I swear this is
how it's reported of eighty five thousand dollars the contribution is so
voluntary that it must be made within ten days the FCC insists it's voluntary but
you better do it or else in exchange the complaints go away in the way it's
cleared for WQM's license to be renewed there is no mention of whether
the new Rogers can go back to broadcasting
flatulence sounds those are just raspberries I'm doing
because we sure as hell don't want to start I mean we haven't even got the
damn license back you know
what we are we're getting our license back here at QAM Obama's going to win the
election today my birthday tomorrow I live till sixty six or least I think I
might what's not to like am I right correct
Neil at neorages dot com that's the email address for your
perspicacious observations about your vote a look at that
oh fake joy rentals is happy birthday you're still older than me can you play
young Neil from a go Obama no I can't
there's starting to trickle in man you're going to see a phenomenal response
today because the people are and look at that al frankins a couple points
out of that jerk norm Coleman Minnesota in the Senate
right
holy cow errands coming what congratulations get alive
some people call me blue color
some call me a real American
my name is Joe was a biker
I'm famous because I asked a question
Obama was the reason taxes baby once the
straight money around money around
well that sounds like communism to me
the
for just strikes me as wrong
I'm not a doctor I'm Joe the plumber
I'm a hard worker
I'm trying to live the American dream
I'm Joe the plumber
what a plumber politicians get in
I'm a
and I'm really good
you
you
he's really something else I can't say that we're on a year even though we got our
license I still can't say that we're on the air begins with s h
nevertheless I'm speaking of a Joe the plumber
he's had run ins with John McCain and Sarah Palin last few days and also had a
running with a Toledo police
can you believe that an upstanding guy like Joe
nope
Samuel Joseph or is a biker was stopped by two Toledo police officers after he was
clonco and fifty miles an hour in a thirty five zone on Doris Street until
either last week
officers ran werezel biker's plates asked for his license it was then that the
officer realized who he pulled over a second officer gave werezel biker
a verbal warning and released him
he got a free pass
they like his ball spot
a police report obtained by NBC twenty four states that the patrol unit did not
issue a citation to werezel biker because it felt doing so would have negative
repercussions of the department and city as a whole
how do you like that
I can't wait to never hear his name again this guy doesn't pay his taxes he's
not really a plumber he's got no license to
uh... into the way they
he's got an agent he's working on a recording deal
just a day before the traffic stop that Toledo police clerk was charged with
gross misconduct after allegedly performing on lawful search of werezel biker
the Ohio attorney general's office made an inquiry into why werezel biker was not
issued a citation since it was a legitimate traffic violation all we don't
want to talk to Joe
of course if you see who the hell would
now were a doll for says that this is good news for a bomb even in league
county there were more democrats than republicans voted this is the early
voting totals
for about eleven counties in florida
you want to hear the totals yet by party
for us it doesn't prove who voted for which but nevertheless
in brownwood
now it's just too many numbers here you're mailing it in r i just you mailing
it in you old fart
yeah that's right mailing it in just like it in my vote
rower democrats a hundred sixty one thousand eight twenty five republicans
thirty five thousand in some odd no party affiliation thirty five thousand
a date seventy eight thousand under the eighty a republican hundred and seventy
two thousand democrat no party affiliation fifty two thousand wow
that's shocking you in date county democrats were
who voted more than double the republicans
that issue really voting this is the early voting
no one doubled county fifty seven thousand republicans ninety eight thousand
democrats nineteen thousand no-no party affiliation
hilزborough thirty eight thousand republicans eighty one thousand
democrats no party affiliation twenty one thousand
even in leek county twenty five thousand plus republicans two thousand
seven thousand democrats nineteen seven hundred no party affiliation
in so on orange county up against relando
thirty three thousand republicans eighty three thousand democrats
20 2000 no party affiliation boy oh boy Palm Beach County 95,000 total Republican
16,799 Democrats over 60,000 and no party affiliation 15,000 how about
Pinellas County Pinellas County Republicans 10,943 Democrats 26,000 plus no
party affiliation 7,000 more than two to one Democrats voted early in Pinellas
County St. Petersburg where the average age is death plus 20 oh it is so mean
you're so nasty you know you're gonna fight yourself not old enough to live in
Pinellas County though why did you live there yeah I was born in St. Petersburg oh
my god that explains that Twerpy Soundiores I bet you he's got herpes rhymes with
Twerpy non clean yeah you're clean huh it's not what George told me well let's
take a look at that pool we've left that up there for how many days now let's
just leave it up today and tomorrow okay then we don't have to worry about it
well I mean it's you know it's about what's going on people are voting today
people are voting they sure as hell aren't sending us any stuff oh there's a
whole bunch of them good thank god I think this shows on a 20-minute delay also I
got a report from Allison Turner she just voted and she said there's about a
two-hour wait where she was wow good everybody get out and vote a hundred times
okay for Obama if you're if you're voting for McCain you can't vote and if you're
the ox do you can never vote let's just make up a bunch of stuff like they do you
know who they are the evil doers they oh if you remember I'm a can vote Tuesday if
you're Democrat vote when they're yeah very subtle very clever very obnoxious by
hook or by crook they invented that tall thing by hook or by crook and boy
eight years of absolute pure hell how anybody could vote for a continuation of
this you must be a lunatic must be a crazy person a
a massacres oh don't stop the pain feels so good yeah how important is today's
election to you life and death nine ninety eight somewhat important four hundred
nine don't give a shmit a hundred ten WTF 67 not very important thirty three out
of over sixteen hundred votes sixteen hundred nineteen votes how do you like that
number their Chris pretty good aren't you impressed of course they're in up
there for what a month but never less that's the whole audience we used to have a
gigantic audience and then Joe Bell came to town he made sure so a Tommy jica
what do you say Tommy Tommy's voting for McCann I guarantee you that you're not
fooling us with your right wing leanings Tommy just to him you know it's just
it's part of him I can't say what part break them but nevertheless Jim and
Chicago says hey I intended to vote see this is I'm getting respire reports from
Chicago I intend to vote midday here in suburban Chicago Obama's guaranteed
to carry Illinois so it's the down ballot races I'll be watching up here I'm
really hoping prop eight in California the game urge one fails don't forget
vote no on amendment two in Florida as well as the anti abortion measures in
South Dakota Colorado the one in Colorado would say a fertilized egg would be a
human being well how about just an egg in a box like at the supermarket you're
taking home a bunch of people and you're frying them and Obama victory along
with democratic majorities the defeat of these initiatives make for a great
victory over the Nazis hoping for the best of the year friend and Christ
in Tom Brady Jim in Chicago thanks Jim there you go how do you like that people
out of town they care enough to give us a little bit info a little bit of input
a little bit of something that was nice yeah that was nice but not the people
and date and brown and Palm Beach and around town no way see now that I've
blocked the chronics there's there's nobody left on there basically yesterday
was weak and today I think is even gonna be weaker and of course tubby there says
oh they're all out voting you know no they're not two three hours you know
vote come on what about all the people who voted early maybe they're out there
voting again again a good buddy Ken from Atobico who made it possible for me to
vote by the way thank you Ken says may your birthday bring you as much
happiness as you give to everyone who listens to you best wishes on your
birthday and throughout the coming year may you live long enough to see the
leaves when the Stanley Cup now you're getting really carried away Ken oh my god
you were doing well till you got to that Stanley Cup my ass but being an old
kuda I saw those last four in the 60s William Scott did through the
past of marketing a power play goal and Toronto's time at a one oh the Marley's
Toronto oh the freaking Toronto Marley who cares about that crap okay get out of
here Bob McGill all these ex-jocks Nick Kifrios all these marginal the guys that
weren't even decent players and out of a scenario broadcast is everybody's a
broadcaster like that more on a jerk jerk street god wouldn't hit you
when I'm on the campaign trail I will whip him at the debate I'll prevail I will whip him
I'll smack his liberal tail I will whip him I'll whip him in this race for the
White House that's straight conquistress will move ahead to get elected it's not
you late I'll whip him we'll be fired oh that's it Jesus I'm just printing out one of
our 50,000 emails here do you believe that yeah one of our half-dozen emails hey
listen at least it's picking up a little bit you know at least they're
finding something to say not too much they don't want to overdo it and then we
can get you think what anything we can get let's say it says hi Neil I've
voted this morning in Palm Beach had to wait only 30 minutes for the voting really
reduced the lines this year as in 2004 my husband and I had to wait two and a half
hours anyway voted for a bomb of course I hope he smokes McCain at the idiot
Barbie doll send pale and back to Alaska with Joe the plumber if I never see
either the McGill will be too soon love you and keep up the great show says let's
set that's for you sweetie oh let's move along here what do we got Nick
from Miramar says hey Uncle Neil I wanted to write and give you a big kiss oh
and tell you I voted first thing this morning my polling places the East
Sunrise Poli station I arrived at 630 to find a line of about a hundred people
didn't see any delays or problems and it took about an hour and a half oh and the
people waiting in line were mostly black huh as I said this I'm listening you
read the early voting results from all those red net counties who ray well
that they aren't voting results they're just tell you who who voted
according to their party registration that's all doesn't tell you who they voted
for I'm starting to feel pretty optimistic about our boy winning it all says
Nick thanks for all the info and education do South Florida favor never die or
retire love you T. O. Neil Nick from Miramar well thanks Nick hey Nick you
ferry John and Ireland says happy birthday and enjoy your day tomorrow
Democrats are broader having an election party tonight in Dublin will also toast
your birthday best regards and look forward to another 66 years of your show
says John and Ireland see in Chicago they care about this show in Ireland they
care about it but in Dave Brown and Palm Beach it's like like that you know screw
you you will fart am I right yeah well the Sun is shining it's a beautiful day
boy too bad it's not election day here they already had that a couple weeks ago
and they put that Nazi back in again Stephen Harper that fascist that pig 13
already it's going to be 20 to the 68th the Sun is shining it's a beautiful day
take that cast and over put that in your ass and smoke it the best thing about
Obama is the honest asswashing of my mostly my mostly unwanted prejudice says
whoever this is for all my years you know like when you're in a bad mood get cut
off and traffic notice the ethnicity of that driver and certain words pop
into your head oh yeah I know exactly I want Obama's election to make that
involuntary reaction somehow less durable and I really believe that a second
welcome benefit will be our African-American friends feeling better about
their suffering last 200 years well deserved in a state and an asswagement
from something for me and I assume others who would believe that bomb
glad it's happening side I don't see color anymore I wish and we'll keep
trying not to he wants to be a swaged
Larry says this morning we shut out about 51st time voters various ages but
mostly older than 30 in all white too to their precinct in South
they were all going to vote for Obama now I'm back it works some out of touch
again where are you reading about the early results
now those aren't early results what is wrong with these people those are the
early voting totals from the various counties based on party
registration not based on who they voted for they don't count the votes to
the polls close they just hear what they want to hear
God let's hope that everything goes smoothly and Florida
elsewhere today lasting leads another election to
buckle says Larry amen to that amen to that even the obnoxious the
uns the subhuman Carl rove is predicting an electoral landslide for a
bomb today how do you like that wow the obnoxious and criminal Carl roving
maniac the he yes Danny says happy birthday have a great day thanks Danny
George Jorge says not our George urges on vacation this week you don't care
he's a roller skater and getting laid and smoking big fat ones that's all he cares
about right yes so Gary sarner vote for McCain huh that's the word see I wouldn't
put it on the air except for the fact that he's running around a building
shooting off a big mouth a big stupid mouth as usual
God Gary you're so stupid go kosher the house do something
instructive okay go kill some bacon cheeseburgers
for for Moses
God Jorge says just moved to Orlando from Pembroke Pines due to the job transfer
couldn't vote early in Pembroke Pines because of my move I just voted here in
Orlando with no problem a lot of Obama supporters here go while
Obama says Jorge Mike W corporate time steaming weasel in
boca says I surfed the airways the other day at lunch during a commercial I
was curious to see what a large ass was spewing what such a big lead for Obama
the first thing I heard was an anti abortion commercial I immediately turned
away I voted early on Saturday for Obama took three hours it better have been
worth it says Mike it'll be it'll be worth
Brandon who's been relegated I'm sorry Brandon about the aim thing but it's just
it was screwing up my computer exactly well what have you got to do with the
way you stick in your nose in there because I don't want your computer to be
screwed up you need to find out that he was wounded you know took a personal
you know the fact that he couldn't instant message me and like interrupt in
the middle of the show which which we had a lot of fun doing that but it was
just slowing down my computer and the aim of all those things man of all the
instant messaging things now aim is the worst and you want to know why because
it's a well and it all of a sudden takes up the whole day I'm
screen and you can't get rid of it and it's just it's just a nightmare so it's
uninstalled but Brandon still there he said I went and voted got in line at six
thirty and just got out in Pembroke Pines this was at 10 18 this morning so it
took him a hell of a long time that's good that's a good sign in Pembroke Pines
thanks Brandon Jonathan in Bocca says I hope you have a great
birthday tomorrow thank you Johnny boy I was writing to someone recently who's
promokin and they were trying to convince me to vote Republican I told him I was
voting for Obama because the ghetto neighborhoods will now feel empowered to
riot all the homeless will be scooped off the street and put in houses
around his all school lunches will be changed to soul food a bill
collector will show up at his house and take all of his hard earned money away
and all the black prisoners in jail will be released and put back on the street because
let's face it Baraka is a black man they all stick together just like those Jews
think I lost a friend all the best Jonathan and Bocca let's not forget he's a terrorist too
yeah and a socialist and a communist communist communist
all those green teeth crowd man they're going to be really peeled and fired up
they're going to be out there in little Havana taking gigantic dumps on Kay Ocho you'll see
around eight nine o'clock tonight oh communist that communist that wow look at the just a ton
of crap on there now how do you like that bills as I voted in clear water day I waited
behind the walking dead for about 10 minutes and that was it I was in and out the only bright
spot was hearing two old bags going after each other about who vote for and Obama supporter
told the other old bat that she better vote for Obama only in America happy birthday says bill
thank you bill and queer water beautiful beaches horrible place horrible place
queer water well if you were born in St. Pete you know all about queer water right oh yeah
what a place and the writers started is it really yep
beautiful beaches horrendous people queer water
brings back memories of the clear water mall that appearance we did with the WSU
and that time me and Phil and Randy and George and IOD or those were the days
oh and Flea sitting here now just in case that the guy who emailed me yesterday how come we
have no best and eel stuff land several years maybe Flea would like to answer that
we don't have a budget for that now I say we do it let's do it
I think we can get that down just what are we going to put on the best of me or what
what bits are we going to put on there that's so funny that we can play yeah that could be the
issue that could be part of the problem too can you get funny here can you do something
no no say paramisa a key here's one I'm a 40 year old Jamaican man Yaman and been listening
you since June 96 I enjoyed the bit diarrhea makes my butt blue diarrhea makes my butt blue
what the hell is that I used to sing that song at work he says those are the days I voted for a
bomb and joy your birthday says David thank you David enough diarrhea and of course that bloody
diarrhea that Charlie Joel Bell has the biggest name that red house leader
the two of the most famous shows in all America two presidential candidates one day to decide an
election coming November 4th Sarah Pilots favorite Joe six pack takes on the new media superstar
of the campaign season Joe the plumber in a no holds far to event hey man I'm Joe six pack the
original Joe and you're going down listen you lazy drunk I may not have a plumbing license but I
got a license to clean your pipes the UFC presents the election 2008 Joe six pack versus Joe the
plumber only on election day you fairy 10 45 at five sixty wqm I'm sure we're going to be very
election intensive all day on qm today oh yeah we got the big O2 to four of course he's rock solid
mad dog at sullust day two four to seven I'm sure he'll be trying to get the right wingers out
there to vote four or five times the offense tonight seven away then the DA show eight to
let I'm sure will be election coverage intensive tonight won't we no no no I'm telling you I'll go
right on the new whiteboard you know something you mind your own business okay one thing about you
is you just got way out you got your nose out of joint why I'm trying to make sure they do
some voting talk no because you're sticking your nose into their business okay leave them alone
they have their they have their agenda okay and if you start screwing with their agenda you're
going to be on the outside looking in they already have you know what I mean on the outside looking in
and speaking of how let's see where's the other thing from Brandon here here it is it says never
had to be on before I get to that Richard and Carl spring says just a short note to let you know
every loving genius the ever loving genius folks at qm of your webcast sounding like something
from the deepest regions of space the breakups the echoes and the something are just so special
on this election day nice to see things working in the same excellent order they always are a QAN
thanks dick now do we have anything else about that nobody else complained about the
oh no I had Eric saying that there might have been a problem with it just for the show start
and then he says I never mind it's fine it's fine that's what he says yeah oh we're fine
Brandon says never had a problem with aim before George opened up a mouth and our fat Chris said
something but that's fine I'll do this pin in the s email crap when I can he says oh
oh and he's got a good point we did the aim thing for for years well not for years but I mean
for a couple years since he's been on there no problem then George opened up because George hates
a well like poison George hates craft foods like poison George hates a lot he's a hate monger you do
know that don't you he's an angry little man he is well I hate them I hate them I hate this one I
hate that one I hate I hate I hate and then of course fat Chris opened up a mouth because he's
the computer expert the analyst oh yeah totally you did you opened up a big fat mouth well aim
does kind of suck they I agree well we'll see I'll give it a try for a while see if my computer
continues being like greased lightning and as George said like if you use gmail which is free
if you can load it up you can have it on and then there's a like an in in gmail chat that you can
do oh listen he can send me the emails like everybody else okay Brandon's a big boy he can handle it
okay I'm sure his ego is wounded and deflated but that's your fault you're the one at the
piston off hey they got your naked cowboy and CNN they got one your naked cowboy my naked cowboy that's
smart me looking creature my naked cowboy some of the words any guy that's on there with his clothes
off is my guy no any endorsement McCain good good thank god good god what's that as you probably
doesn't make over that 250 just there I got a button my father's wearing seven of them right now
Cincinnati he's at the campaign that's another thing good old boy redneck good old redneck for
McCain there that that's the definitive McCain voter right there that Yahoo well you know it's
that is later on CNN the last whose endorsement it means more to the naked cowboy or Colin
Powell or Joe the plumber or Joe six pack what a croc a crap Jason says I waited about 40 minutes
and your old w i would he neighborhood North Bay village voted for a bomb of course all the best
on your birthday you old fat you for your next pool Willie Nelson he's obsessed with Willie Nelson
like that one jerk is obsessed with jerk jerk street he'll be on with Joe tomorrow morning again
for the umpteenth too many time jerk jerk street oh what he brings to the table even Kenny and
blow on a morning show brought more to the square table remember that the square table wow unfortunately
yes that was little and of course there was always a or not gay then all those great features
and he says happy birthday voted for Obama the trailer park in Davie the whole deal only took
one hour there may be hope for Florida but I don't like the folks in Davie know you voted for that
sparter I mean naked cowboy my ass nothing mark in Miami says Neil I'm a registered Republican
voted early for Obama I voted against Bush as well so maybe it's time for me to get off my lazy
ass and change my registration to Democrats either way I voted for the right guy also please
remind everybody to vote no on amendment two vote no on amendment two and happy 66 says mark thank you
see they're pouring in now not not the way they weren't at beginning
one of the first few days we did the email thing it was a novelty you know it was something
different it was a new avenue for them to explore and then of course we had a weed out the
quantum in the misfits the misfits oh my god scary that's one thing about the internet's man
just loaded with misfits who are trying screaming for help I have no life that's their message that's
the universal message I have no life uh-huh Joseph I voted for Joe Bama and waved a homemade
sign on our street corner with fellow Democrats my sign said vote for hope not hate and there were
a lot of car horns honking and may thumbs up with a few pasty white red necky grumps with their
thumbs down things are looking up here in port St. Lausy says hopefully we can celebrate a victory
out of your birthday wishes have a great birthday and you love your show love you love you love you
Baba says Joe thank you Joe and port St. Lucie how do you like that hmm ever been there I have and
not much to it really like like kids heep water yeah like temple terraces
and lutes oh I've been the lutes Bartow I've actually though in lutes they got a um staking shake oh I'm
sure they do one thing about Tampa man they have been so far ahead of south Florida when it comes
to fast food joints crystal staking shake there's a staking shake in amateur now now they're
they're around but it's only in recent years that we finally got to it's a shake it and they have
parties everywhere up there yeah I know oh now maybe somebody will advise me I've seen these ads
for uh burger king and their shroom cheddar now not cheddar at the end of my shroom and Swiss
mushroom and Swiss yep you had it no no no well I'm sure somebody will give me a thumbs up or
thumbs down on the shroom and Swiss at bk commercials are annoying it's held I'm sure it's not
well why is that they're just really annoyingly stupid but it looks good though sure see one thing
about food if you're peddling food on TV you have to at least make it look good you know what I mean
now there's one of these diet places I don't want to mention which a system it is but they show
you the food oh my god looks like haka I know you're talking about where they say the pot roast
oh and the pizza looks terrible yeah look smart me looks mooshy there's one thing I don't like
it's mooshy food like lasagna if you ever had the lasagna that was mooshy oh oh so if you can't
even dial it up to make look good on TV then you know it's real dreck I don't want to get Danny
boy upset or the shoes my stir anybody like that but that oh anyway here's a kneel and
hollywood says I just got in line to vote in hollywood I got about a 30 minute wait time
out about 30 man and howlandale it's about up to an hour and a half as I'm writing you the
see me I can't help but listen to the people talk about how there's already a problem inside the
pulling place according to the people in line if your bowel isn't properly bubbled in and you walk
away from the machine there aren't entering your bowel the fact that many people may or may not know
be sure and bubble it in when that happens they aren't counting the ballots until tonight if I see
it happen I'll let you know at least the weather isn't unbearably hot today down with the
beesleys down with the rotund joe bill says kneel and hollywood thank you kneel all I can say to you is
seal come on 1654 votes on how important is this election I know the poll's been up to three days now
hey if it's good enough for a footy look what it did for him I got his ass canned nice job over
their footy and speaking of Tom jickeye saw on his Sunday Q&A in the scum sentinel somebody
asking about whatever happened a footy and they mentioned the fact that footy got canned but oh well
he's a very entertaining guy and a nice guy blah blah blah but why didn't you just say a show suck Tom
why you just can't you say it his show sucked it sucked lemons it sucked persimmons
Tom but Tom always has to be you know oh and by the way thanks to my close personal buddy Rick
Shaw for sending me an email on my space you know that he's the only person in the universe out
of my 1600 buddies on my space my friends my friends who sent me a happy birthday
a greeting Rick Shaw thoughts what day early so in other words you think tomorrow all those people
on my space are going to be saying happy birthday Neil you mama no chance those people have all
disappeared the novelty wore off it's gonna come flying in tomorrow yeah fly this thank you I think
Brandon's right about you man what's that I don't know you're the sirens they're coming to get you
coming to you away drives me nuts all those sirens just never stops
Danny a 26 year old white voter in brownwood says you want to add another factor in the early voting
stance you just read plenty of young registered republicans such as myself are voting for obama all
right Danny as a registered republican I'm at birthed about how weak McCain and Pail and R yes
McCain did serve our country honorably but his health care plan and worst strategy are paths
until America resolves these two important issues things will only continue to worsen
furthermore McCain is a dottering old koot very well said I couldn't have said it better myself
and I'm sure I did many times a dottering old koot who probably plays golf with Moe and his
campaign in Florida maybe Moe can lend him one of his Sunday dress hair pieces it can only help
maybe one day I'll vote for republican again once they can be physically responsible and not
be under the guise of will enact a spending freeze and take the corruption out of Washington oh yeah
forgot that's not likely to happen if they can't do it maybe the republican party's biggest
supporter Jesus Christ can do it send Sarah Pail and back to Alaska so she and her family can
make more babies that cute little baby maybe this will help her reconsider her stance on abortion
ps happy birthday and dodo dodo and bring Greg read back excellent facts email whatever it is Danny
I'm old and feeble okay I don't know what that is excellent email oh not good
mm-hmm yep I bet you they're gonna be thousands of them pouring in throughout the day
you'll see this is the neo-roger show this is your brain
this station presents real of american heroes
today we salute you mr campaign long sign stealer
mr campaign long sign stealer every election year people put up long signs for their favorite
candidate and you cleverly spend your nights secretly taking them down trying to single-handedly
destroy democracy oh no no we can't vote what are you some kind of coming please give me back my
open my sign so the next time you read about some joker who tried to influence the presidential
election with a childish prank and got busted for criminal trespass in the process remember he's
mr campaign long sign stealing a real american hero
couldn't you just smash Halloween pumpkins like everyone else all Christ I had one about
fat Chris and I deleted it by accident I got a million emails on here I'm serious I'm serial
I've got four minutes thank you fat Chris about the advice about the Gmail which I've known about
for very long times as Brandon I'm very aware there are other avenues to chat but with aim that was
already there why complicate things and move to another chat program for no reason when there were
no problems with aim first it was only courtous I wanted to put in front of a firing squad meaning
you're next your next fat so right in front of a fight oh sucks I'm scared well can you imagine the
splat with that sounds good in Texas says somebody they're listening in Texas on the thing
on the stream they're streaming it
excited so
one moment please let me just get back to my I think people people 169 vote on the
a poll that's been up there for a month sounds good in Texas thank you so much
and then here's one that's got a links click on the following we owe it's an e-card well I
think I got a click on those can't don't I correct the card what yeah you have to I don't got
a but do you want what the other I was asking if you want to and then it's a sender reply well I
don't have time to send a reply what is it it's some guy sitting on a bench with pigeons
I don't get it oh well I'm sure it's really cute I just don't have time to pucks you around with it
jack says first off happy birthday in your life glad I voted on the fourth day of early voting only
waited two hours which seems like a fair shake compared to what others have endured for Obama of course
I hate Sarah Pailin McCain's guts there's nothing that makes me sicker than these two phony liars
actually something does make me sicker any gullible schmuck that buys into their agenda green
two three vote in crowd can hop back on a raft and use McCain Pailin signs as or as if they don't
like it after machine loses the election he can order Pailin to wipe his ass while his buddy joth
a plumber unclogs his backed up toilet wow a little bit on the surly side huh just a little Bobby says
went to a polling place in Coral Springs a hundred people in line about 50 minute wait the problem
is the ballot is printed in three languages English Spanish and Creole oh my god speak it in
English speak it in English the site had two machines to read the ballot only a one worked here we
go again in Florida says Bobby I did vote for Obama I like so food and reggae music not fried chicken
in country music I'm a white woman by the way says Bobby thank you Bobby she do like her fried
chicken she didn't say whether she goes to like her churches or Kentucky fry or bow jangles
all right I just got tons of stuff here so you ask for something and you get almost a little bit
hey can you play looking for a leader by Neil Young yeah like I got that happy birthday you old
coots his Greg I can see Cuba from my house go all by my you the best okay well they're just
pouring in I totally they work and you know no no not gonna get out there they don't hate you Neil
uh-huh that's what you said yeah that's exactly what I mean then you got branded all P.O.D
my good close personal buddy I've only got two friends from my space the professor and
brand and the rest of morale like uh and Ricky once in a while he's not busy trying to straighten
his life out but then aren't we all despite an average NFL player salary of more than a million
dollars it's hardly automatic that players overwhelmingly favor Republican policies often
associated with a wealthy more than 70% of NFL players are African-Americans and many are from
Democratic backgrounds thank god because on QA and is that what we're concerned about is
politics politics in the locker room you bet politics in the showers baby morals go into it
says Cleveland Browns receiver Braille and Edwards you have to have some awareness what you're voting for
yeah there's high morals in the NFL there's no question about that in this campaign the possibility
of Obama becoming the first African-American presence appealing to some players for its social
significance it's special to me but I think it should be special everybody really said if he
told me he goes running back Brian Westbrook this country's built on diversity different races
mingling different cultures from around the world mingling it would seem to me it would only be natural
at it at this point in time the political scene would be diverse as well it's diverse and perverse
Brian regardless of which side on the political fence they're on several players
echo the nation at large inciting economic issues at the top priority for new present
and driving force for how they'll vote some NFL players are not a world away from economic
ails such as layoffs or plant closings that happen to the economy I think we relate very well
says Scott most of us are from lower-class homes so where we may be blinded with our family members
are not we feel it when they call and say hey man I can't pay my rent I lost my job can you help
me with this we feel it because we carry the weight of so many people we can't continue to take
care of everybody because eventually we'll be poor that's how I feel we want to see them help
themselves even so some players don't want to hear endorsements or opinions from many of their
colleagues Dallas Cowboys linebackers Zach Thomas speaking a red next says he watched all the
presidential debates kept abreast of the news shows and study the issues but he doesn't dare speak
publicly about the candidate he supports oh I can't even imagine can you imagine who's act
Thomas supports well president Bush probably since he's a Texas guy whenever I've seen talk
from actors football players whoever really rubs me wrong sack says most of the time they don't even
know the key issues so I'm not going to be that cock because I don't know enough well that's for
damn sure jets defensive tackle Chris Jenkins mean while the type of voter that both candidates have
been trying to woo during the stretch run of their campaigns he's an underside independent
after a stellar performance at Buffalo on Sunday Jenkins said he looks forward to the research
they would help make up his mind he planned to huddle with his wife and compare the candidates
positions on various issues he's gonna huddle with his wife oh my god oh these jocks it's just
I don't know whether to laugh or cry it's hardly surprising that many players cite taxes as a
key issue Tennessee Titans tight end algae crumpler despite his wealth isn't sold on the merits of
tax credits of Bush Institute of three years ago and McCain's pledge to continue the overwhelming
majority of the American people aren't doing as well as they were three years ago before those
tax credits had crumpler and Obama supporter I believe in bottom line philosophy
Commissioner Roger Goudelle whose late father Charles served in the Senate a Republican from
New York is excited that interest in the campaign has inspired millions of new voters to engage in
the process but a bit a bit about who cares about Roger Goudelle that would be like somebody
caring about the Bud Light all these commissioners man well what is that all about oh and by the way Bill
I got eight million emails here and you're letting me ramble on about dumb jocks in the locker room
dumb jocks white jocks aren't allowed to vote by the way rednecks you're not allowed to vote
the North of us do is definitely deny even try to vote they'll turn your ass away they'll take away your
titsis is Geary Surner running around with titsis I'm not sure what that is
and the Yarmulka and a tallest he has been around with this shirt half button and his like
chest I think I want to talk Kevin Wallace with a tallest at the pump in a park
bill says I had one of those burgers and it was terrible I went back in with one bite out and got my
money back don't try it he took one bite out of it and he threw it at him said fah give me my money
back don't try he said hmm then sound to promising then sound like hardy's doesn't no way I sure
love hardy's no shroom burgers hmm why don't we have hardies in the south Florida I don't know
no it maybe you guys get together open up a franchise I was gonna say why should you why
why don't you do that because I don't live there I mean I do theoretically I do and today's
economy I'm bitch make a lot of money there well I'm gonna open it up just for your fat ass no he
can keep you in the green my fat ass yeah yeah with all the big bucks that the fat Chris's
make and he could sure keep us keep us going yeah Nio you get sky news on your cable there of course
not it's one of the largest cable news channels in the world based in Britain no kidding no kidding
bill the election coverage headquarters is a white house on delito island and my
me beach for a second I thought it said dildo island yesterday they had w of these can Charles
on his election analyst if you think he sounds like a loser on ear you should see him on TV
can Charles a real jerk he's right in there with jerk jerk tree can Charles oh Nio Rogers is the
gold standard of talk radio we've got to have him here at T-Jail blah blah blah yeah
they wouldn't pay anybody fiddies sent all they do is want to open up a pot and put some
syndicated right wing sputum on here that's what they know a cheap channel butchers
Alejandro says I'm a registered Cuban Republican for Miami is never voted for Democrat until
this morning sorry it took me so long to open my eyes happy birthday thank you Alejandro
I do like that thank you Alex 1675 don't you think we ought to change the poll but I don't
want to change it too because we don't know what's going on oh there's Sarah Sarah's voting
at wasilla city hall oh my god Sarah's voting and winking is that correct Kelly she's going to
believe 145 Eastern time for the trip to Phoenix who cares my god get a life you moron
Tony Harris the anti-Christ 1676 votes on the poll how important is today's election to you
life and death a thousand forty one somewhat important for 21 don't give a shmit 110 WTF
and not very important only 35 oh I got to do a spot I'm going to start doing that a lot just to
keep you on your toes again burn some calories sounds good burn off a few calories from that fat
tubby lord ass body yours you got some nerve talking me out of that aim thing hey I didn't talk
out of it I just agreed with George I don't I don't like it it's a pain in the air it's a nuisance
and every time you reboot your computer and start it it's just all over it you know all those
I am things my space I am Yahoo instant messenger all that stuff is kaka right well
most part yeah what the most part yes and which part is not we have to hear that out yet
Peter that was special
ah
oh
my friend. My cheonsheets are bigger and more than
they look like that well. When I'm all done living
so I want you to help go to hell. You are the living
and hell of the edge. Feel like you're living
and hell. Because when I die, then what I'm
trying. You're going to have a dumb bitch
hot mom who will be the most powerful leader in
the world to carry on my friend.
I'm not a fucking idiot.
God is catching us. See my, my supporters
want you to live. But yeah, he's not an
a-rap, I'm a friend. For an intellectual
but that one is a- I think it's a danger just
not. Remember my would-I-shave-I-creation
and I'm a crazy, great man. The
maverick dish with a nightmare. Thank you,
Brenda, man. Not long to go. Here I go now.
I'm a filter, so that's it. Change my
diaper. Go straight to wealth, children.
Spread this. Go straight to the whole
floor. Just give it to me. I'm riddled with
deadly cancer. I'm suffering from Alzheimer's,
but I'm all the red things got to keep the
White House why I eat. And when I die,
my friends, when I'm dead dead in time,
you might die. You're going to have
a big, chucky man who will be the most
powerful here in the world.
My friends. Cut some bad news from Virginia.
Oh, massive machine failures spurred
called to extend Virginia voting hours
details soon on the raw story. I'll keep my
eye on it. Coincidence? I'll keep my
fly on it. Yeah. Massive machine failures
spurred called to extend Virginia voting hours.
They're trying to figure out how to get the
old fix in there. Well, they just got to watch, you know, Ohio
from the last election. Maybe the judge
with a big eye or the big flaring eye from
Palm Beach County. Maybe he moved to Richmond,
a row and oak. Or someplace else
we're in Virginia. Oh, just it's just amazing.
If they steal another one, man, I'm moving.
I'm leaving the US. Jason says you can
configure aim not to start a window startup.
I'm sure Chris could walk me through that.
Yep. You could. Yep. Yep.
Yep. Yep. Yep. You don't sound too enthusiastic
about it. If you want me to walk
to the tomorrow morning, my will work on it.
I'll put that on top of my pile there, so I see it.
And we'll think about it.
Bill says last night in Stewart, my neighbors
and I cut some old parts, seeming Obama signs.
It was driving a Lincoln or something of this sort.
And had a special Air Force floor to tag.
We grabbed the sign back from him,
noted many turn up Obama signs in the back of his car.
We asked him what the hell he was doing. He said he wanted to sign.
He said he wanted to sign for his yard as he made a getaway.
I called the Stewart police. Now there's a joke.
It says who didn't seem to care and gave him his tag number
and voted for Obama today. Nice going, Bill.
Shoot the son of a bitch. That's all.
I wanted one for his own yard. Right.
Your mama. Ed says mushroom swiss is great if you get it not loaded.
I think you're loaded. I have no idea what that mean.
Get it not loaded. I guess now is everything.
What? Not with like, you know, pickles and lettuce and tomatoes and stuff.
Hold the pickles, hold the lettuce.
Ooh, who would put that in fact? Chris.
That's not a mushroom. That sounds gross.
Anyways, who would put lettuce and tomato on a mushroom swiss burger anyway?
A fool.
Brandences have preferred burger king over McDonald's,
but I don't recommend getting any specialty burgers from BK.
They usually are not good except for the BK Stacker,
which is very good. And there was a hearties in Haley a million years ago on 49th Street.
Seems to be I may remember that.
I lived in Haley lakes for like a few months.
1976 I'm thinking.
Well, what a nightmare that was.
And the apartment was just loaded with bugs and flies and.
But that's the way it goes. That's Haley.
They probably came in from the racetrack.
Nice going, Brunetti. You did a beautiful job on that place.
Man.
Anyway, the thing about specialty burgers,
let me say again, you got to go a long way to beat the the.
Anus burger with the bacon and cheddar and Mickey D's.
I know you can't get it, but boy, someday you will be able to get it.
And then you'll say, oh, and the old man was right.
Someday when they have me in a box, somebody will say,
you know, the old man was right. These are pretty good.
Well, you know, like fat Chris, he'll be a chomping on two or three of them.
Sure.
You can't eat two or three of those. Let me tell you.
They got those big pastry buns, whatever the hell that means.
Even a fat cow like you can't eat two or three of those.
Even a fat pig like me can't even somebody could either have gone on the ice cream in one sitting.
I'm also you don't believe that, do you?
That's just a while.
So what? That's just wow to me. Wow.
Oh, speaking of wow.
The fuck is stopping at your desk?
It's your desk.
You have to work in a place.
He's winking and blanking, honey.
She, you know, something she may, I don't know who makes me angry or her or Julie Burman.
Or Gary Sarner.
It's close.
Oh, that Gary Sarner. What a puss.
If you look up puts in the dictionary, his picture is next to it.
If you look up Schmendrich, Schlamazel, Hein Mjonkel, there is Gary Sarner.
David says, hey, happy birthday.
You know, I went and voted this morning in Hollywood.
The line wasn't too long, but they only had five boots.
I was there for about two hours.
I voted for Obama. Hopefully my vote gets counted this year.
Yeah, it would be nice if the Obama votes get counted, especially in Virginia.
It would be nice where they seem to be having some defugal these already.
It's not even noon yet.
And they're already having some issues.
Now, the polls closing for Virginia allegedly at seven.
But they were thinking about maybe extending that.
Let me see if this thing, uh, on raw story.
If they have the details.
Now, still says soon, soon.
Rachel Maddow, that the pastie dog says, election day chaos may age EOP.
Now, what does that mean?
Not sure.
The election day chaos, election system is the weak link.
And the Obama strategy says Rachel.
Well, you know, still can't deal with her.
Pastie and weak.
And she's got all the same.
She's all the same talking heads from Oberman air every single one of them.
She's like Oberman light.
Exactly. Oberman, Jr.
George says the marathon is over.
I'm cautiously optimistic.
I don't think the Republicans are going to steal this one.
The truth is these guys don't have the campaign machine that bushed it.
There were a lot less scary in that regard than the bushies.
What I'm concerned about is the type of campaign McCain has run.
It's not just the hate.
It's the way the same catchphrases are repeated like a drumbeat, especially by that witch palin.
It's like watching kindergarten teacher talking to her students about sexual predators.
It should come off to these folks as instantioring condescending, but instead they follow suit and boo,
along with some occasionally shouting, kill the nigger, just like a kindergarten class.
Psychologically, these people are whipped up to an almost trans-like state.
Where does that venom in vitriol go tomorrow morning when they wake up to a country headed by someone who many of them see as the antichrist?
Scary stuff.
Well, I guess it's fitting that tomorrow will be the birthday of...
Oh, God!
What better way to watch her in the rain of the antichrist?
Have a happy, safe, healthy birthday, sir, George.
Thank you, George.
See how it totally, they're all whipped up to a frenzy.
We've got 80 billion emails now in spite of fact Chris saying,
oh, they're not going to talk to you today. They hate you. They want George back.
Uh-huh.
Brandon's right about you.
You're evil.
In fact, wouldn't be... wouldn't surprise me at all if you're on your days off from Joe Bell,
like when he was out in Denver.
You're doing gerry serner on the side.
Oh, definitely not.
Wow, definitely not.
Oh, my.
Oh, my what?
That's just another bad visual.
Oh, my God.
Who will the top and who's the bottom and that situation?
Oh, yeah.
Fat Chris and Gary serner.
Good.
I heard serner was the power bottom.
You're really disgusting.
A power bottom.
Oh, God.
Woo.
I hear he's got a power that's a rumor.
I'm spreading.
You know, I just liked him intensely before, but when you told me that he's running around shooting a mouth off about the fact he's voting for McKinna's wife is voting for Obama.
I think that's solidified.
That just, you know, solidified his standing in my mind.
I think he cares, you know, because you know that seals the permit.
They're all experts.
1695 on that poll.
I'm leaving it at the same until we get at least like 1700.
All right, this is Chee Gordon-Liddy and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Absolutely.
Ground control to major Patel.
Ground control to major Patel.
Take your curry pills and put your turban on.
Hey, ground control to major Patel.
Seven eleven.
Countdown is commenting.
Yes, my friend.
Two.
Push your head dot and make she was loved with you.
This is major Patel to ground control.
I'm hating for the moon.
And it looks like the moon dies in Neil III.
And I'm so happy I have my space to be.
This beach standing behind the counter.
Twenty hours a day.
On planet Earth, my friend, I say thank you come again.
Thank you come again.
Okay, FlynnJavi, 1131 at 560 WQM Happy Election Day tour.
We got 50 billion emails today,
boy it's going to take till midnight to read all these then all the returns will be in and then what
I mean go to sleep and election monitoring group is asking officials in Virginia to address reports of
massive voting machine failures and voters being turned away from the polls and it may go to court
if no action is taken see they spread it around in 2000 was Florida in 2004 it was Ohio and now maybe
it's going to be Virginia because they know that they you know they can't possibly win there in a
fair election they're losing by like six seven points in Virginia they being the right wing the
the Neocons the fascists the neo-Nazis election protection and nonprofit group aimed at cataloging
correcting problems at the polls says it's received more than 27,000 calls from voters since five
o'clock this morning most problems have been reported in Pennsylvania Virginia and New Jersey
in Florida we don't want to be chicken little here said Jonah Goldman who directs the
lawyers committee for civil rights campaign for fair elections what we're trying to do is
respect what we're seeing out in the report what we're seeing out in the field unfortunately this
is what we expected during a press conference this morning group representatives said they were
asking election officials in Virginia to extend voting by two hours the group also wants elections
to ensure that paper ballots are available in precincts where the electronic voting machines are
down if elections officials failed to whack the group could file a lawsuit in federal court but
it hopes to avoid that option we understand that litigation is the last and imperfect option
goalberg said our first priority is to solve these problems collectively this isn't that same
right wing self-hating Jew Jonah Goldberg is that the one it is no idea the group hope is voters are
not discouraged by long lines or other problems throughout the day today federal law allows voters
who are online at precincts before the polls close to cast regular ballots of course decide to
extend voting hours people arrive at polling places after the polls would have closed have
cast provisional ballots oh boy observers worry that voters in some areas have been given
provisional ballots instead of regular paper ballots this creates the potential for disenfranchisement
and complicates the process because provisional ballots aren't counted along with the rest of
the election results here we go again i'm going to kill myself right now
uh...
christ i missed by the way
well that's good
that's good because you guys don't have enough material to fill up another two and a
f hours absolutely not although jason says could you please tell fat chris and
tick to speak when they're spoken to
they both have a sick severe case of diary of the mouth on one is george back shut your
pie hole says jason who thinks he runs the show by the way
with many people out there think that they were on the show you know
are you speaking to me now no okay
why do you think you run the show now i just you know what i make sure i'm
i don't want to talk out of turn yeah
say whatever you want whenever you want to say it cool
seventeen oh three i'm not in fact chris's pool
races as a fellow scorpio in November 15 56 years old i wish you all the best keep on
entertaining educating the masses what you do is important in relevant even if you
don't think so oh i think so twice a month i think so on the 10th and 25th
when those big fat paychecks come arriving at the box
that's what i think another net it's not important
mornas says would like to say happy birthday would also mention you give me
years of enjoyment i moved to westchester new york after living in my
me for 20 years i get up here in the first thing i hear is that joy reno's blah
blah blah regards mct thank you mc
mct my crop mcfriend how do you like that news from virginia
well makes sense you know years and years ago
we had voting machines with levers you know
mm-hmm and you go behind a curtain and you flip the lever all the levers on the
various races and that would be it would automatically tabulate in there
and that was it that was it and when you watch the election coverage on tv
didn't have any exit polling and they didn't tell you like at seven o'clock
at night who won and who lost they would show you the actual hard count from
each state and would go on for hours but it was like a dramatic you know
like a little drama for your mama for obama
now the people who cover the elections are much more important than the actual
result itself or the candidates just ask them they'll tell you like chris mathews
that's stupid who will never show up by the way he's annoying
his his technique in interviewing is like starting to ask a question then when
the guest starts answering the question he interrupts and keeps talking
again blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah with his
politics you know we can't even speak he is downright annoying he ought to be
taken out with uri sarner put in a dumpster somewhere
that's my assignment to flee after the election is overtake uri sarner out and put
him in that big dumpster back there by the way all those old folks live next
door gladly stick his ugly nasty orthodox ass in there and then stick it in
the next to a bunch of trief you know like bacon cheeseburger stuff like that
take a couple of cans of spam and throw them in there and cover uri sarner's
body with spam
I wonder if he brown bags it i'm sure he has a bigger spence account so he goes
out and you know has expensive lunches every day
because if he brown bag lunch one day you can go in there and like trade his
lunch throw a little shrimp you got a burn in hell Gary you got a burn in hell
what throw a little shrimp and lobster in there a little
seam whatever happened to court us by the way since he got that check he's
vanished not that i'm complaining but actually he was here very early today
doing what uh i don't know web work yeah oh yeah probably getting that
thing all scur i'll sit for a uh Thursday to screw it up he's probably got a
new thing that crawls up and down the left side of the page
that as soon as we start our neildi let's go like just stop right there over my
face so nobody can get on there david says happy birthday many more been
listener since the eighties your sense if he were in analysis of current
events is unmatched i do miss the sofa king vits and villsagar and mona
because of thing perity and the always popular kiss a blanket morning but
time moves on yes it sure does i recently moved from bokeh to alpharetta
Georgia about 30 miles north of Atlanta about 30 man
golf courses new malls five times more houses than south florida one tenth the
insurance cost i was in a furniture store the other day while my wife
shopped i relaxed in a recliner i'm the store music came to hideous jannis
eonsong fast car i don't remember that song do you tracy chappen fast car
i started humming in san quiley little ordy what a boring song a salesman
overheard me and said the near raja show i laughed and said absolutely i just
moved from from a pompano he had anyway just like you know the awesome
reach to the aradja show is made in Atlanta oh yeah always wanted to be vegan
in Atlanta oh my god
anyway happy birthday i'm wealthy right wing republican fascist and voted for
McCain but i'm ready for the boy wonder ready to assume the wealth spreader
position oh a wealthy right wing republican fascist to vote it for McCain
how sad why are you playing this that was fast car
just try and wait until after two day to wear a mocha
because i am not going anywhere
i'm certainly not going back to Alaska yeah that's because they don't want
you ugly ass there and anybody who thinks that she's attracted boy death
i'm in blind well what's attractive about her that beak
is that what it is no no or the fact that they just know that she's trailer
trash in an easy lay that much
biggest name the best house he doesn't know raja yeah get baby hi guys and
gals i'm Alaska governor Sarah Pailan when i'm not shooting caribou from a
helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground i'm a 44 year old wife mother
and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock but i'm also
an endorser and i'm here today to tell you folks about me exciting you perfume for you gals
out there it's called pianocostal perfume
wah nagalaga nagalaga nagalaga naamd after the religious practice i no longer associate
myself with due to its controversial nature pianocostal perfume will make you smell divine
and make you speak in tongue and nagalaga nagalaga nagalaga nagalaga
it's perfect for all occasions whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to
the nuclear plant gosh darn it this is a fragrance for all your gals other perfumes just pale in
comparison i'm Sarah Pailan and i approve this fragrance
hello that's the word around was still a service really good with the tongue
1145 and 560 WM we got a much of sports crap starting in two we got the big old we got
mad dog at the shoelace state too although much better we have the mad dog talking about ball
games and politics right oh yeah absolutely is he still banging away on that mcking crap
um i haven't really listened lately well why not i'm usually just busy are you listening to
dan la bastard no now what's the big deal with him what what is what's the claim to fame besides
he thinks he's funny i think that's pretty much it and that he's got stew gots on with him i mean
that's pretty funny then that's hysterical anyway south point elementary and two hundred
alton road have short to no lines very heavy Obama voting says somebody short to no lines
course you got to go where you're you know you're precinct in the on election day i didn't realize
the early voting go anywhere and that's course they keep a lot of the stuff a secret they don't
do a good job of publicizing it because they didn't really want you to vote they pretend they want
you to vote but they don't they want to throw every possible roadblock in your way oh you look
too dark to vote or you look to Jewish to vote or you look too young to vote you look too old to
you look too stupid to vote well i tell you if that was the uh criterion
if you're too stupid to vote or not boy they could count all the votes in about a half an hour
i'm not just talking for it i'm talking the USA what are you struggling about now shut your pie hole
now tick how do you like these people man they they're very uh authoritarian very bossy yeah yeah
really bossy like mike bossy let's talk to him hockey what are you saying leafs in the uh uh
hurricanes tonight at the scare canter the center ask me if i'm going to that game
no are you going i'm sure you're going video he was the video guru and ronnie's run he's that's
one of the things that he learned so no i think it's the ultimate job for run it's not something
that's gonna happen overnight where the franchise is gonna turn around and ronnie being a
a diehard new york yankee span the main police of the new york yankees of of of of of canada
how do you like that what so that means they spend a lot of money and don't make the playoffs
this part of you know what just happened to my leafs tv it just went black after he said that one
no i'm excited i tell everybody about it i'm extremely proud oh that's ron wilson's brother our
dumbled coach oh my god do i hit him like poison god
admit to all this what if i drop 1990 game four let's get a little hockey on here he goes
overlooked with the buffal sabers many times because you've got got 800 hockey channels but no
hockey games on right now jesus let's have a little hockey on election day what do you say a
let's crank up a little joe bohn for crying out loud
1717 in fact crisis pull our goal is to get to whatever the number is gonna be because it's
gonna still be on there tomorrow i guess although maybe i'll change it before the show tomorrow how
how how do you well we already know how they're gonna feel if obama wins this audience gonna say
all right and if i'm a cane wins they're gonna be nobody left all commit suicide commit sausages
what do you think i agree michelle and plantations has happy birthday
marz-by-66th birthday by the way uh cash gifts will be accepted
and i know that if they brought by bags full of cash you guys would make sure that i got up here
oh of course definitely i don't have any cards or anything from anybody there i just i
you know i thought i'm expecting anything but i have nothing
every year on my birthday it's the same thing from the management theory you know what i get
nothing correct not balloons not a card not with anything
nothing now what about your buddy fat ass Joe is he back from deadverse he's still out
parting uh for after the victory i think he's back but i haven't seen him
well no wonder you sound like you're in a good mood tick and don't forget
shut your pie hole yes sir happy birthday says michelle i'm originally from
New York city i love your show just let you know i voted two weeks ago on plantation however my
brother who lives in your called me and for me that i was still a registered voter my old neighborhood
in berkland you know i moved to broward county ten years ago i'm registered voter in broward
voted into election what gives i'll go to a berkland vote again honey wish i could fly to
New York and vote for obama again she says loving kisses michelle in plantation
lot of ladies on the emails you notice that yeah no lady phone when we used to take those awful
calls which we're not i'm gonna reach her and shut that off today unless they have something really
important like oh my god all the voting machines have broken her like you're like that
which would be a lie anyway not all of them just enough to fix it oh wait a minute
i live in northern vrgina i woke up early this morning to vote for obama i found that my
polling place had half the amount of voting machines eight that were available during the last
election there was a huge line and the volunteers at the polling place were offering
folks the chance to use paper ballots to expedite their voting no one took their offer we all
waited a line about two hours till we were able to vote i guess they didn't count on the fact that
folks are willing to wait in line rather than use paper ballots which can easily get lost or
miscounted or just smith can now it appears that voting machines are having problems and
people have no choice but to use a paper ballot something stinks in virginius is david
happy birthday oh and george is a self-hating spick and sucks real bad
wow what that's a little harsh on george are you gonna deny that what he just said
no he's a harsh that's a lot of george is fine except that he's such a hard ass
i hate craft i hate a well i hate i hate i hate i hate the wife i hate you know
a government that robs peter to pay paul can always depend on the support of paul george varnard trosa
well isn't that great huh huh huh what a line
people take their time to send me crap like that
genie is sending back i got yours in my pile genie okay happy birthday in platonic kisses i'll
get to it speaks as if the republicans steal another election due to shenanigans in virginian
who knows where else the full-fledged vultures in order however most americans are too
dominant to care however he said i'm sick of my stomach says speaks with a barf after it
bruce williams go get him tiger on a thues day now that's got to be it says from james but
that's got to be from johnny dork who else members bruce williams and thues day is he still on the
air bruce williams no idea who that is yeah i don't know who that is
what's doing what's doing and you know he didn't know what that he was talking about like all
these financial gurus like the people on the gambling channel now let's see the stock markets open
even though it's election day because it's not a holiday let's see how the market's doing on
election day the dow is up uh three hundred and five points that's because they smell at obama win
now usually they like the republican to win because they know that the republicans are all for big
business the dow is up three oh eight good god the nasdaq has the first six day winning speak of
two thousand eight the euro is a back to what a buck thirty that's not too bad not good
and what about the canadian dollar let's get on that bnn network okay bm network
Toronto stock exchange is up almost four hundred points that mean that must mean that oil is
yet oil went up a little bit yes see there you go oh are you one of these investors
i was until i just looked at my IRA about a month ago and i'm really sad there's nothing there
oil 69 67 almost seventy bucks a barrel that blows get it down to about ten bucks a barrel like he
used to be where's the canadian luni a let's get it on there it's only a four hour show for
Christchurch these people out there don't care about it i care about it because it makes it's like
life and death to me you know i mean by that no well no when my american dollars worth a lot more
in canadian dollars and it's a very it's a helpful thing when that luni goes up and the american
dollar starts sucking wind thanks to george bush they're not putting it on there for some reason
the Toronto stock exchange is up three ninety four and the dow is up three hundred oil 69 69 but
they are not putting the luni on there come on the old man wants to see the freaking luni eight
and they're not putting it on there what do you think that's all about oh i'm only six eighty two that's
bad oh that's really bad it was down to seventy two cent last week now it's back to almost eighty seven
cents that sucks that blows blows chunks okay let's get back to these fifty thousand emails
barbers says we wish you happy birthday can't forget yours because our daughters on eleven i i love
a nine we like to see a good by letter from the blue states to the red state i've had eighty
million of these okay thanks barber it's a good by letter from the blue states to the red states okay
thanks paul says nila was driving home from work last night here in queer water and saw a bunch of
self-hating black people with signs that read no bomb with the mckin paylon endorsement but i
found strange is that they look like some of the young voters of bombers attracted i suppose
anybody would sell out of the money is right on a good note my wife and i voted for all bomb
this morning rubbing for a good result in florida well not just in florida paul
gotta win more than just florida get out and voter you know often thanks paul from tampa and then
it says clear water and what does that mean i don't know i mean don't don't i know the difference
between tampon queer water you should do because you're from saint tweet that's probably why you
talk like that tweet like tweety bird tweet twick a tweet when you go to fleas house on holloween
that's what he says open the door twick a tweet like that i wonder what gildey says when they
uh come to his door i wonder if gary sarner is feeding trayf candies to the trick or treaters you think
i don't think they allow any goyam within a hundred yards of where he lives
no they koshered the hood 1720 votes on the pool now that would be very impressive if we
just put it on this morning wouldn't it extremely but unfortunately for us
on our face ten years and osama did nighten and whenever i am in mayami i listen to
you know rages we're doing
He's a little bit of heat, instead of a hot fire,
till he comes up from the heat.
Final and time of the computers.
Oh, final and time of the computers.
You failed.
Final and time of the computers.
Final and time of the computers.
Winter is the pizza.
Special weather, fast and screwy of all food, dad.
Oh, it's one of the specials they don't work anyway.
It's time I crashed on CROBET in 1964.
It's only one to four to eight to ten, I crashed at all.
Final and time of the computers.
We got it up and cheap.
Oh, final and time of the computer.
Final and time of the computer.
You failed.
Final and time of the computers.
Yes.
Final and time of the computers.
Yes.
Final and time of the computers.
Yes.
Final and time of the computer.
Final and time of the computers.
Oh, there's Kerry Sanders in Miramar.
Oh, there's a little bit of my shoulder here now.
You can see the line here.
It's been steady since, well, well before the poll's open,
it's seven o'clock.
Ain't no thing.
Folks have been in line here moving through it
about a two-hour clip.
The line is shortened up a little bit,
but you know, this is the lunch hour now,
so people are just getting in their cars at work
and getting out, so I suspect the line will probably
lengthen up a little bit.
One thing to note is a lot of people are going to be
tuning in waiting for you to chuck to see what the exit polling
and other suggestions are about which state is being called.
The Florida polls are open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
But people forget Florida's a big state two-time.
8 p.m.
So, panhandle, baby, Pensacola, Tallahassee, all them rednecks,
all them good old boys upstate.
So the polls don't really close in Florida till 8 p.m.
For you folks, till 7 p.m.
Unless you're listening online in Pensacola and Redneck,
we're all up there in the panhandle.
Have we been in the panhandle?
Oh, absolutely.
I'd driven through it real fast.
What do you mean, absolutely?
Well, I went to Florida State and we drove it out.
I lived in Tallahassee.
And we would go over to Panama City to go to the Redneck River
area that we'd call and hang out and do spring breaks.
The beaches there are beautiful.
Yeah, they are nice.
And all the Christian retreats, they go over the beaches
in Panama City and they screw their brains out
on the beach.
And Destin is real nice too.
That's a nice beach.
Destin?
Mm-hmm.
Ooh.
Anyway, Bill says just to be correct, your repeated mistake,
the loony was never at 72 cents.
It was down to 77 cents, though.
Well, excuse me.
You made a mistake.
And as far as never, not correct, it was 62 cents
when I first came here about seven years ago.
62, not 72, 62.
Then it was a real bargain.
Everything was like a bargain.
The American dollar was worth something.
Now it's back to like 86, 87 cents.
That freaking loony.
Oh my God.
That's enough to drive you.
Loony?
Right.
What happened to fat Chris?
Is he like a laminar?
I'm clear.
I thought maybe the blood sugar rushed from all the food.
You must have shoved in your pus this morning.
Got to you.
Oh, no, I haven't really had anything this morning.
Well, why not?
Because I get up and I come straight to work.
I say, let's get some free food in there for the troops.
It's election day for crying out loud.
That would be the American thing to do.
Yeah, except for your buddy, Jolly Jobelle.
Oh, you can't do that.
You can't do this.
You can't say that.
You can't say this.
Bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum-bum.
A man who lives to make everyone else miserable.
Good, God, no wonder the Lord
smote him with a crooked penis or whatever.
Remember, He was having some problems there about a year ago?
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Oh, yeah.
He was having some I don't know, no, the details of it.
You're an airy thing.
Like maybe a gigantic bloody tumor inside of his thing would be good.
Huge dripping, pustil, bloody tumor.
Anyway, Steve says, or whoever this is, this isn't Steve, somebody.
I just voted in Margate.
I was in line for two hours.
I asked a poll worker if it was okay to just vote for Obama,
leave everything else black and she said, oh yes.
That's when I went to scan.
Another poll worker said, if you do that, you vote won't count.
I wonder who was right.
I didn't take the chance and I filled everything out.
You're supposed to be able to vote for just whatever races you care about,
but nevertheless.
I didn't know when we had the computer one where I guess the last election,
if you didn't choose something for each choice,
it said you're not done yet.
And you couldn't submit.
Really?
You couldn't submit?
See?
Well, I must have got you upset.
Yeah, well, you know.
From what I hear from Clarence about submission.
Well, there's Tom Bokon or his other NBC guy who can't speak.
The system was unbelievable report by Harry at watch.
And it's, you know, this is the greatest democracy in the world
in a way we invented it.
I know.
Not amazing how they keep saying that they keep stealing the presidential elections
every four years.
And these bozos keep coming on their about the greatest democracy in the world.
They got that.
But the system is just broken.
There's no other way to describe it.
It's uneven.
It doesn't work.
People don't have faith in it.
The lines are too long.
This ballot.
Look at this.
The ballot is the Illinois ballot.
This is the Illinois ballot and it's longer in California by the way.
You can't read most of this stuff.
So we, I think part of it.
We got a lot of things to do in the next four years.
Whoever wins, but part of it has to be getting the system back.
What do you think?
Where's that line that they're showing that isn't still in Margate?
Is it?
Are you watching a MSNBC?
Of course, you're not.
They're showing a line that's from here to a Yenomsville from here to the moon.
You've seen two elections where there were the presidential realignment.
64 LBJ.
That didn't last very long.
1980 Ronald Reagan.
That did last very long.
So how do you define realignment?
Yeah, Christopher itchens and Grovidal will be on the BBC night.
I get the BBC on my cable.
Am I going to be watching election returns on the BBC?
No.
I'm going to be watching MSNBC, the Kami Pincou network.
Good West.
Everything else has been.
We're in that poor Jimmy Carter, 1980.
One Minnesota, Georgia, West Virginia, and that was it.
Jimmy Carter.
Are you faxing me something?
Yeah, it's kind of long and ponderous.
So I thought you might like it.
Oh.
Well, you don't seem to understand.
I've got 50 million emails here, man.
I'm getting way behind.
And I say we start taking some calls.
I say you're full of crap.
I say dummy up.
Sorry.
Shut your pie hole.
Tick.
Tick.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
I'm going to be watching you.
One of those old people that have sisters about their bowels
and health problems.
Love Michelle and Key West.
I don't obsess about my bowels.
I just move them, honey.
I move them.
I'm as regular as an alarm clock twice a day.
Now what they say about a broken clock, even a broken clock is
still right twice a day.
Correct.
That's me.
Two a days.
Two and all's and two a days.
I'm going to be watching.
Let's see.
Marist likely voter pulled the last poll.
52.43 Obama.
C. Span writer.
Zogby 54.43 Obama.
And a Gallup poll had it down to like 55.44 Obama with almost nobody
on the side.
So all that crap about all the undecideds are going to break for
McCain.
Yeah.
They're not that insane.
Okay.
CBS.
Last poll.
51.42 Obama.
Of likely voters.
I mean, we're talking landslide, even if they can fix it in one or
two states, I still don't see any way McCain can win.
Do you?
No, I'm not.
Unless they fix it in about six states.
You know, I Florida Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Missouri.
Washington Post ABC last poll.
Obama 53 McCain.
44.
And Tom Bulkaw still sitting there.
He still can't speak.
This is a network where they had now Bob a wall wall.
She was on ABC.
Wasn't she?
Yes.
She was not at NBC because I quit between Chris Matthews and Tom
Bulkaw.
They can't speak.
Those are the territory at NBC.
Even the peacock is blushing.
All right, let me get back to my stuff and quit the facts and
me stuff that I don't want to read.
Judge your pie roll, flee.
By the way, we're delighted to have flee with us this week because
their clearance was nervous that we wouldn't have three people
on the show and I would go ballistic.
Which I wouldn't, but it would be, you know, it would be
another example of how we get short-changed all the time.
Because they hate this show.
They despise it.
They resent it.
Am I right?
Yep.
Tick.
Absolutely.
Another female listener says, first let me say happy birthday
many, many more.
I love listening to you.
Unfortunately, I have to download audio from your archives because
my employer is blocked all live audio streaming.
I can't get a singular work.
Bastard.
Thus, I have to listen the day after you show, but it's always worth listening
to you.
Always make me laugh.
Out loud.
I voted on Sunday, waited five and a half hours to do so.
At first when I saw the line, I thought, this is lunacy.
I'll vote on Tuesday.
But actually kept me there were the two hateful bitches in line ahead of me
who were spouting endless hatred and vitriol against Obama.
I heard such classic lines as Obama is a Muslim.
Obama's a terrorist and my new favorite, anybody who votes for Obama is an idiot.
People are just voting for him because it's trendy.
I couldn't believe these two didn't get their asses kicked,
but I guess most people look better than pick a fight with mental defectives.
first they were pissing me off and then they realized they were like too tiny annoying little dogs like tiny a lot of bark but no bite
a lot of yapping
Everybody stayed out have to say the majority there were voting for Obama least the people I spoke to were anyhow happy birthday
Hope we see Obama take it will be nice to have somebody with a brain occupying the White House again
Thanks, we need and thanks for your
persistence oh Bruce Williams here's James says he's on XM and as yours a waste of time as it always was
One thing about Bruce Williams what's doing is a do's day what's doing one of the worst excuses for a broadcast
I've ever heard and he's made a lot of money just talking crap people call in there
First of all, do you care about somebody you don't know some anonymous persons financial problems?
I don't know
What about you Tick I could care I couldn't care less couldn't care less even Gary Sarner if he stars to death I would I wouldn't throw my piece of spam
I wouldn't throw my
Stay a little piece of Hall of A if he was staring in that curious honor and you know what sounds like a plan
17 out of 39 votes move we can maybe make 1800 and
The pool's been on there for what a month
Bottom of the
Here we go redskins lost so Obama would be a president
One of the great or stupid things about sports is how numbers can be worked and reworked into something that was supposed to have meaning
The fact that the fate of the
Presidency and the election of next leader of the free world hinges on an NFL game goes right to the top of those silly numbers
Since the redskins have arrived in Washington how they perform in their final home game determines the presidential election
It's true. It's called the redskins rule
It has an accuracy rating of either 94 or 100% depending on how it's applied every time the redskins when their final home game
Before presidential election the candidate representing the incumbent party stays in office every time they lose the incumbent
Party candidate loses as well
It's a predictor that has worked in 16 out of 17 presidential elections since the redskins arrived in Washington
How do you like that? There it's over. I didn't even know that game was on last night. They lost to Pittsburgh
Yeah, good. They started out a kicking Pittsburgh's button and then just like disappeared
Really? Well, they probably threw the games since they knew the outcome would that's right. That's a good point
That was ticked by the way that's the day through the game
Here is one from Kurt. I guess your sales staff will have to go back to work
I suppose they've been sitting on their collective asses collecting nice commissions off the political advertising
That's a good point now. It's all over the last commercial break was at least 40% promos where football always matters
Did we have promos in last break? I think it's probably listening online
Oh
I'm lying isn't where we make our money. Okay, Sonny. Let me tell you something only to Orlando this football always matter
There's Orlando volunteer to do the teams f-ing laundry so we can sniff the jog straps you bet
Tell the sales staff to get off their f-ing asses and sell something have a good birthday
Why is Kurt so worried about our sales department whether they sell something?
Maybe he's got stock and measly. I think oh who what are thought?
1213 at 560 WQA
WQA
Oh
She's got a poundy standin' like standing like
Come 18 at 560 WQA I'm happy election day 2008 baby
It's really great and maybe you vote my count so go and vote a few times
The heraldists have the same stale headline on here come prepared Florida voters sold
They've headed on here for a hundred hours
They suck not like the Sun Sentinel sucks. So that's a that's a separate category of suction. Let's come Sentinel
There's Bill Richardson on there looking really grim sue college
Education's educational opportunities vocational schools the second is immigration reform
Hispanics want to see the first year of an Obama administration
Strong effort a bipartisan effort to have immigration reform that contains more
Security at the border more legal immigration coming in but also a legalization plan a path to citizenship
2012 if that was the case
Then an argument could be made they should be supporting Senator McCain in bigger numbers because a
Senator McCain a president McCain and a Democratic Congress probably could get immigration reform faster than a president Obama and a Democratic Congress
No
No, no because what happened Chuck was a like Chuck Todd man
He's all over the place. He's like a disease an MSNBC like that Eugene Robinson from a Washington Post
He's all over that thing like stink on Joyce
Sound for Indians are likely to turn out in droves today says the herald and if the lines of the polls are tolerable they have early voters to thank
Don't you want to thank the early voters? Oh Chris by the way is gonna go vote after the show. He claimed correct
About one out of every four registered voters and date rowdance day wide cast their balance during the two week early voting period that ended
Sunday that should help keep lines at a minimum respected as despite and expected 80% turnout
I think that's gonna help alleviate the line said Marie Bertoe a date County spokeswoman
Don't forget vote no on amendment two and vote against the alienaro Zana Dana
Who's that chick that's running against her I can't think of her name well. I'll find it
We actually actually has an opponent this time whenever you something to get rid of that sintering bitch
Eleanor Rosanna Dana
Well, thanks to Radford upon Merrow and Jose Konseco and oh
God what a pathetic tragedy she is
How come she couldn't accroke then what's your name couldn't have stayed alive with all was her name?
I don't remember
Gene Wilder's wife
Oh Gulderadner Gulderadner
Well you guys are really slow
Really slow
A better late than never another help voters will be spread
Spread listen, I could sit here to midnight. I wouldn't have remembered. I sometimes you get a brain fart, you know
Oh, sorry Joyce a brain
Yeah
Anyone in line by seven PM will be allowed to vote at many polling sites people were already lined up by six this morning waiting in lawn chairs and on blankets
They have it a picnic
Bring your own ants
Aside from some sprinkles and early fog the election day forecast is mostly sunny with temperature in low 80s and light breeze
One thing I don't like on my ice cream is sprinkles
It'll be the state's first big test of a new optical scan voting machines which election official promise will better serve voters than
ATM like toots screens or butterfly ballots butterfly ballots my ass to resell a poor
Teresa la poor gave us eight years in George W Bush and the war in Iraq and all those dead people and
Busted economy. Thank you to Reese is so much
After all it was Florida's paper ballots and hanging chads in two thousand says they left the country waiting 37 days for its next president elect
The states 27 electoral votes are once again considered critical reality audio. This is boring
South Florida voters will also decide today will represent them in Congress on the states Supreme Court and the municipal government
Broward voters will also choose a sheriff and there are several state constitution and local charter amendments on a ballot
Voters need to take the responsibility of looking at their sample ballot checking and seeing how they're going to vote and looking at the amendments that Evelyn Hale a
Broward election spokeswoman come prepared
About 2.6 million people in Florida voted early about a quarter of the states 11.2 million registered voters
And Chris wants clear sale and man he wants to zip in there and zip out the zevno because he's got several important meals to eat today
Am I right? I'd like to get another yeah
Like I said because he's got many important meals to shove down his gullip today
Let's see
Jerome says if the political yard signs are any indication of when the presidency in my neighborhood
This would be the election results 12 for Obama six from a cane five for sale happy birthday, thank you. Thanks Jerome
Little chuckle there from tick shut your pie hole tick sorry
And in your case fat so shut that other hole
rectum asked
Say what a Tobinca Kansas church known for ugly protest at the Finne rolls of soldiers nationwide as
Vaud the pick at the opening at production of a gross points out high school play later this month, but the school says the show will go on
The controversial play the Laramie project is in account of the torture and beating death of gay college student Matthew
Shepherd and Laramie Wyoming in 1998 gross points out principal D Allen diver said the yesterday the students will get a real life lesson in the need for tolerance
If a hate group shows up and we can turn me a lot, but no, I would not cancel the play diver said nothing
He received just one parent complain about the play which was selected by committee that a noting rather that included teachers and parents
This would be exactly what they want notice. I'm reading too fast. I'm stumbling and bumbling. That's because it's election day a lot of pressure heavy heavy pressure, baby
Can you smell it?
I
Would use the protest as a teachable moment because it is he said the Westboro Baptist Church a bunch of real far-bison goyum
Has staged live protest against the play nation wide including in about 20 high schools church members surely helps roper told the Detroit news yesterday
The play has one purpose to teach you a bit into the sons and daughters of this generation
Against the standards of God to call God a liar
Phelps roper said adding between four and ten of the churches 71 members will travel to the school to protest the play
The church has conducted more than 35,000 protest in more than 600 cities in the past 18 years
She said most notably for disrupting services with live protest for funerals for soldiers who died in Iraq
They claim God allows soldiers to die in Iraq as punishment on the nation for tolerating
Homosexuality. It's all those homos done it the church which is not associated with any nor Baptist conventions or associations is
classified as a hate group by the Southern property law center
It makes us all more passionate about the work we're doing said senior John Manchin L17 member the 20 student cast who plays multiple roles
It'll heighten the message and show there are still people out there who feel so passionately that homosexuality is so wrong
By performing the show we are teaching people that gave bashing is not okay
Dan Jensen director of public safety for gross point farm said plans are in a worse-to-be-fum security opening night on November
21 it's not the first time they've dealt with a sect
Four protestors turned up at the funeral of a soldier at the gross point warmer moralist winner Jensen said we're not gonna tolerate any violent behavior
He be saying
As long as you play by the rules and they're act like a bunch of fools
Let's see George says you know the fixes in in Ohio when it starts flipping Obama votes to Bush
George and Daytona Beach says
Was that you don't you think it's a little bit suspicious when you vote on the machine and you punch
Obama and it comes up and says McCain
That's what was happening in 2000 people were punching go in bush kept it kept flipping it flipping it flipping it
The sports leader
For greater radio is what the news for you
I'm dying over here back in the day when someone done us wrong
We didn't take their crap
Imperial Harbor or when the jabs dropped their bonds
We found them back
Another Saudis they hit us hard and on our cards are little flags wave
Has that Saudi love and retard voice of bombers the wrong way
And oven barris to be in America
Where they follow
Bush like she
The United States of
Arrogance led by Bush and his family
They got this country
Abberling tors the barges days and artists are
Reads I don't want to be a packs of Americans
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living in the past
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas. It's the greatest country in the world
They drain us to believe
And anyone who says that
Obviously
And to for to be
And oven barris to be in America
Where we take triadically
Wave a flag in one hand with our head in the sand
And lightly follow the powers that be apathetic
And that's also for the dark
Washington State Front News on a 65 inch screen
Scratcher
Five
Everything's okay
In the
US
Call 33 at selection day
Everybody's out there voting and pushing and standing in line
And the crowd and around and getting all worked up aren't they?
Must be it's lunch hour everybody's voting during lunch hour
Because our emails have stopped just to a halt
Just like tick all of a sudden stuck his finger in the in the thing
And what's the secure finger in there?
No, I don't think so
Wouldn't be the first time that's what Johnny Joe Bell told me
Well
You said you like sticking your finger in there all the time
Correct them
And he says after two or three fingers
It kind of like makes way for your head you know
Wow
Opens up a little little headroom
Remember max headroom?
Yep
Diacchia
Khan Mechanin his aides are still banking on a come from behind victory today
But the republicans most famous political strategist
And crook and thief has already called the race for Obama
Carl Rove the man widely credited with stealing bushes to a successful White House bids is predicting the Illinois Senator will take the White House an intellectual college landslide
Winning 338 votes to John McCain's 200
That would be the largest electoral college victory since 96 when Bill Clinton defeated Bob Dole in a route 379 to 159
And an electoral map posted on Rove's website the Republican mastermind predicts Obama victories in several key battleground states
Including virtually all of the states were posting just he currently enjoys a slim advantage in fact
Robely's Missouri is the only crucial battlegrounds stay McCain will carry while Obama scores victories in Florida
Ohio Pennsylvania, Colorado, Mexico, Minnesota, Iowa
Rove also thinks Obama will win traditionally Republican Virginia
Yeah, if they ever get to the voting machines working
If they ever start counting the votes in Virginia
Let people vote let the people vote you morons
Did you see the turnout that Obama had last night for his late night rally in northern North America?
Virginia
Staggering
A gazillion people
And McCain's last rally they barely had I got a thousand people
For insane McCain
Yep, no items in this view on the email although I've got about 405 6,000 to still read
So you maybe tick maybe right through might have ticked a couple of calls what do you think?
Yeah, I think Eric said you had to restart the email server so what yeah, it's having some problems
So he's rebooting it so to hopefully back up
Oh my god, can we do anything on election day no less? This is like the vote counting in Virginia
On Neil Rogers dot com all of a sudden Eric is having technical issues with our damn outlook expressed
Outlook distress I told her that outlook distress see there's nothing going on in here now and you want to know why?
Because all these people have been desperately trying to like reach out and touch us
They've been blocked Eric's got his foot on a break again. So so is it tell me again exactly what he said to you?
There was having or we're going to reboot the email server pretty soon. It's running very slowly
He will get errors when it's restarting. I just asked how's the email reboot going?
Hmm and he said has not answered just yet
Come on Eric. That's the last thing we need today on election day of all days. We don't need it any day
I knew there's something going on with his damn email thing
sabotage
Now how can that be why does he need to restart it? I don't understand that I don't know I guess it gets a screwed up sometimes when you go posh
Geed exactly
There's no items in this view
Nothing and I think it's Eric behind it to eras probably voting for a McCain up there in Orlando
20 or 30 times
Remember the job Eric did on the guys across the street one and you probably that's before your time
When we had that survey about your favorite sports talk people remember that?
No, I don't and clearance it. Oh don't even dig the fire. Oh that's fine. Yeah, clearance the whim
Oh, they're poaching around next door again here. Do you hear that they're drilling?
All right, he says it's restarted so hopefully it's okay
They're drilling right next door here. I'm trying to do in a high-paid radio show and they're they're out to make as much noises as they possibly can
Crazy connox
Probably a bunch of illegal aliens
1760 on fat Chris's pool by the way
Okay, the coast is clear Neil at neorages.com. And sure enough there's three came puking through immediately came puking right through there
Because Eric had his big fat foot on the big fat break
Neil if you notice how much smooth of the elections are going in date and broward it says lines in date are much shorter
Everything seems so much better. I know you're a broward guy, but the past five years browards really gone down the toilet
In the past five years Dave versus Broward meeting age much lower in date than Broward meeting income has surged in date now higher than Broward
Crime has dropped significantly in date crime rates in Broward now much higher than Dave
Newspaper the scum sentinel mouse sucks while the herald is improved slightly
I can't argue with any of those points and you live in date County because I ain't gonna. I don't want
Here's one that says Neil there must be a glitch with your browser because the headline that the herald says pulls busy, but few glitches reported
Have you upgraded the latest Firefox 3.0 yet? Yeah, much to my dismay. I have
Also now that Obama is present when you're moving back to America. No, what do I care about that?
Like I'm gonna change my life here. Of course. I want him to win, but what's that kind of it where I'm gonna live?
Well, I'd be moving back to America. I live in plantation florida sir
That's my legal address and don't you mess with it Marty from point and says just voted glad
I didn't wait on those early long early voting lines just walked in and out in 10 minutes
I don't think everybody is as lucky pointed what I'm seeing on TV plenty of long lines around the country
Vicksville not she I know
No, it says voted 15 to 0 for Obama no 15 to 6
Unheard of we're talking landslide. Yeah, Dicksville not means landslide
Those two little towns in New Hampshire. He want them collectively 32 to 16 and two for Ron Paul
Send me some more emails with some more information that I passed along at the beginning of the show
Like a Lincoln is still dead something important like that and then of course the blue states lighter to the red states
Don't forget that one
You can kiss my rear end the following is a paid political message
Joe the plumber says he's got a plan to fix your leaky drain pipe
But what he doesn't tell you is that your trap primer needs a new threaded coupling to a 90 degree socketed radius
He also claims a combo T with a 1 8 bend would reduce the likelihood of clocks when
Everyone knows a sanitary T would better minimize the possibility of siphon action in the trap bar
When Joe the plumber bends over to loosen your flange bolts the crack in his agenda is playing to see
Back to Joe the plumber wrong for your PVC supply fitting wrong for America
Right
Hey, Joe mama 1244 at 560 WQA and we got the big O rock saw up at two o'clock with some election returns
Pretty amusing isn't it you know, I got to tell you this
When I was working at IOD the packs and IOD after Cox sold it to PAXN
And we made made the deal to come over here to QAM
And and I really never listened to it because I'm not interested in sports talk to me
It's just ponderous just rehashing the same swill over and over again and so I you know, I'm coming on the station
So I forget I better start listening
And I started listening to their like and I don't I don't know if they do it anymore
That's a top of the hour. I guess we don't do it no more
But they used to have like you know breaking news. It was it was sports news. I will you the updates
Is that what that was the updates news updates spend the news updates had nothing to do with the news even if like the world was coming to an end
Dolphins are gonna win again this week and the yada yada yada and you come out them canes and
And I thought to myself this is a radio station that and then of course on 9-11
Guilty
insisted on talking the sports even though they were you know
knocking down a world trade center and the Pentagon and Guilty is what are we gonna say about that?
What can we say we got to talk about sports now most people probably think I'm exaggerating. I'm embellishing it
It's a true story
Until finally somebody convinced Greg Rita
I think it was Joe Castello that we ought to stop playing the spots and that they ought to put me on early
And I opened up the pot on ABC on channel 10 and we played you know what was going on?
I mean, it's one thing to be a Josh nifer. It's another thing to be like sick sick
Yeah, there's certain things in the world that you kind of want to pay things super see ball games, okay?
Mm-hmm unless of course your jerks reads doing a ball game nothing's more important than that
By the way, I just emailed you a story about voting stuff in Deerfield Beach
About doing what I just emailed you a story about voting problems in Deerfield Beach this morning
Let's see
You emailed it to where to your kneel at your Rogers dot com. Well, I sure sell long got it should be there soon
I don't got it and you know what I'm thinking
During that break I'm thinking of myself when you know it's election day and I'm just one of those people who's like I watched
Just tons during the primaries. I just watch all the stuff. Here's a link by the way
That's not from you. That's from John somebody a link
Attempted sabotage for all in Florida. That's it. And I just sent you the article. Oh
Am I supposed to read it if I suppose attempted sabotage for all in Florida?
It's on TMZ from Deerfield Beach. Okay, I'll print it out because you know me. I don't like reading off the damn thing off the monitor
So you just forwarded that is that what you did? Yeah, I forwarded it from their website today to any of the article
I'm fully. I'll just came back for voting in West highly a list and five people out of me one more vote for Obama says
morrow
M-A-U-R-O-M-R-O
I wonder if he's kin to Edward R
Moral
By the way, that's a bad movie. Don't anybody go and see that
Which one good night and good luck. Oh
And the fact that overman stoles from Ed Moore just I don't know it just bugs me. I like overman a lot
But he does some things. Oh, they're drilling again. They're gonna come right through the wall here. I'm positive of it
You hear that yep, Jesus. Hey, Christ. Are you people crazy? What why couldn't you do it after two o'clock?
Yeah
If it isn't one thing here, it's another if they're not doing the euphony fire alarm, you know
They're doing something else. It's called how can we annoy you have a nice day a
Later this week's is an email or is part of your birthday? I'm like should they celebrate? Oh anyway before I get to that
So during the break I was thinking about food because I'm gonna be you know
I'm gonna have to go out and get a whole stash of stuff
Because I'm gonna be glued watching this stuff all day long
By the way, tell me what you think about speaking of cars the Mercedes C300
It's a nice car
You like it? Yeah, we'll drive good for the wintertime too
You should check out the Audi's they got some good Audi's the a8. Yeah, they got that Audi a
What is it with the one that's 141 grand? Oh, yeah, that's a little bit more than I planned on spending okay?
That's a little pricey. Yeah, that's it beautiful car though
But if you're gonna spend that kind of money why not buy the new vet the one that's like a hungry grand
Which I hear is ugly as sin that's the one where I'm hearing so what do you think of the C300 good car? Oh, yeah
It's a great car. Thank God because I bought one last night really yeah nice
It's no solace, but no
I'm not gonna try to overtalk that drilling
I'm gonna go next door. I'm gonna go into that apartment. I'm gonna like kick ass
Anyway, here's this email later this week is part of your birthday and election day celebration
Are gonna put to death all those bush bits by playing them one last time are gonna wait till the officially moves out in
Augeration day can't wait till we no longer need to hear president
Dumbest met at the end of every show as a reminder of our eight-year journey to darkness
That's why I play it. I don't want anybody to forget so long bushing good riddance. It says amen to that yeah
Eight years of hell and there are people are still like deciding well
I don't know that McCain seems like a nice old man and that Sarah she's such a wonderful bitch
We did do the break at 40 right?
Yep, because I didn't cross it off on my log. Why get really why do one of two things once in a while
What's that when I'm under tremendous dress like an election day? I either get ahead of myself and I crossed out the break ahead
Which we haven't done yet or I forget to cross out the previous one
I think like oh gee did I skate on by the break you need to just settle down
Dummy up tick
I like this tick man he comes in there the one thing about flea he feels like even though he's just the promotions director
Probably overpaid dramatically. Oh crazy overpaid. Yeah. Well obviously since we don't do any promotion
I mean I could understand if we really went out there and promoted and we were doing you know
Getting involved with the public and doing stuff like that appearance at Gulf Stream that day that was pretty good
Yeah
No, I think more I'll get more I'm sorry. I thought it was great
Did they get more people to the sports appearances and stuff? No
What are you laughing about I mean if by more you mean five or six people? Oh?
Anyway, here's that story check this out
It says dear field beach an hour south of Palm Beach nearly 400 people were firmly planted in line
615 this morning waiting for the post-opened 7 a.m. There's one voting machine to accommodate all of them
The area is almost entirely African-American many of these people have never voted before one woman was 101 years old
She was wheeled in the polling place on her way out. She said that before she died she wanted to vote for a black man
And it's got a picture of the
Performing arts center. I guess which is where they had the voting and all the people are showing there except for one lady everybody else is dark
Election monitors noticed a man in line who appeared to be a voter turns out he was a saboteur
Telling people the Democrats were supposed to vote at a different location some of the voters said they were robo called last night
The message Democrats weren't supposed to vote until Wednesday
Right update election officials just delivered seven more voting machines cut them with their machines down there in dear field beach you bastards
You fakers you phonies you racist bastards in dear field beach. How's the hoist?
I hope that Gary Sarner infects your community and moves into dear field
Then then you'll get what you deserve
By the way, we're gonna get the 1800 votes for effect Chris's poll of course. We're I'm gonna get some of that nestlies. So what is it?
Have like a draft heavily hash half gallon
Wow, and I'm gonna make some burgers and some weenies. I'm gonna have like a on my flavor wave
On the flavor wave oven. I'm gonna have like a cookout right in my kitchen and
Sit back and watch TV all day and just get fatter and fatter and get my blood sugar way zooming up there
Until it just goes nuts like that
David Miramar says just before going to vote you put a reporter from TV saying there was a two-hour waiting mirror mark
I voted district W16. I walked right up waited and no vote at all. No wait
Walked right up and voted and no wait at all. I hope that some voters don't get the wrong idea and aside not to vote to the long lines
Thanks, David Miramar. Well, I was Carrie Sanders with propaganda those are probably all MSNBC people
How do you like that? Well, that's what we need we need the reports from the public out there needle at neo-roger's dot com
We need to know who's being naughty and nice and what else going on?
You got till seven o'clock tonight to vote if you're in line by seven you still can vote and of course in the pan handle
Because they're on central time
The Florida polls officially don't close to late in all of Florida. Do you understand that?
Mm-hmm because when it's eight o'clock in the pan handle at seven o'clock in Ojas
Ralph says I heard you say the emails have stopped so I decided to send you one. Thanks Ralph
They stopped because Eric is dealing with it again. Oh, we got a restart the server and we go. Oh my god. I don't get it
And George has always pooped poo and on like you know, hot mail and Yahoo mail. He's always pooping that crap
And give me a son of an ounce about our look or express how wonderful it is
Does Eric have to restart hot mail to get my hot mail going again? You bet you're sweet as he don't
Right
Correct
So what's the problem with hot mail that it's not so?
It's just it's not very
What a lot of stuff gets through like a spam stuff. Oh, yeah
Oh, thank god. I'm not getting all that 80 billion spams on I'll look every day which I am the middie stale news and
You've just been awarded 80 trillion dollars in the Lithuania
Lottery. Oh my god. The stuff that comes through there. I wouldn't wish on Joe Bell
Anyway, I'm listening to you over the internet in Atlanta
I used to listen to you when I live in Coral Springs, but I took your advice and left happy birthday Ralph
Thank you Ralph. Good choice. Good decision
You're not in that place before it's too late
Look what happened to poor George. He's like a prisoner
At least he's got that joint in North Carolina. He can get away to once in a while, you know without the wife and the dog and the kid
And the girlfriend and
the
STD
Here's one from Maryland. Hey happy birthday. I live in California in Los Angeles a little rainy
But as dark folks are voting early and often for Obama will win the landslide. He will win in the glanslide in California and New York and
In the end the election all depending how much more the shenanigans goes on
Aren't you a little bit nervous about what we're hearing dear field beach? How do you like that?
The guy that was telling people that they had voted another location
They should take him and just shoot him right on the spot
So this is this is what we do to people at F with the election
Right
Can't get charging with voter fraud they can charge him with being a professional a whole just like although not as bad as Gary Sarn
Oh
Let's see here's one from David happy birthday, and you'll go to be a great birthday present
Have a new president maybe a new outlook to our and our kids future very happy birthday and the Mercedes is a great car. Did you trade the vet? No, I did not
David's writing a book evidently no, I did not
Let's see two out of two voting stations empty over 300 people in line. I waited four hours to vote Rick Rick is where
The first time I read this and said where he was and now I don't know where the hell he was
How the hell did that happen? How did this change?
Maybe you cut it off. What are you talking about maybe I cut it off the oil cut it off not me
1784 on your poll you'll make 1800 no sweat just relax. Okay, like tick there says just it back in the you know you're the sirens oh coming
Hear it they're always going for you. Oh, I see here. It is that this is I don't get it
Miramar West coconut palm elementary a complete mess for our wait time one voting registration ID machine working 14 out of 15 something and then it just ends
So there are places where it's not not a piece of cake. Okay, okay, sounds good. Oh, yeah, you know red lofts
You they got a dessert that is so I think I mentioned it a couple weeks ago. What else it called?
Something chocolate something
Chocolate
Thunder from down under no, that's the well outback
Chocolate chocolate wave see your laughing and all of a sudden Bing it just came to me. Okay, just like that
Laughing at a senior old man like me chocolate wave it is awesome
It's a big slice of like chocolate fudge cake with hot fudge around the edges and a scoop of an all ice cream
Which you're nearly I don't like vanilla ice cream, but it's got like hot fudge drizzled all over you know nice
And you put it together with that chocolate wave. Oh my god, and then after you eat it you wave by by and you croak
And here's one from another goofball who the hell talked you would have buying that Nazi car. Oh excuse me
Terrible gas mileage uncomfortable seat design no cushioning wild no wind noise the worst if you go about 50 miles an hour
Well, excuse me, okay, I guess I'll I'll cancel the order. I haven't picked it up yet. Maybe I'll just cancel the order. How's that?
I like it. I think it's a fine car
Susensational car and everything that he says in there is BS gets decent mileage. Oh
All these negative people
Nazi car. I like Germany myself. I love Berlin and hey the Germans know how to make a vehicle
That's correct. And I love a Cologne Cologne and Berlin are true the greatest cities in the world if you ever made a Cologne, Germany boy
Then then you know what life is all about
Here's a guy who says I spent 15 minutes to vote on the heart of Boka with all the Alta Cokers only 15 minutes
Okay, all you old
Alta Cokers in Boka vote for the Schwarzenegger now get it right get it right
Or we're gonna send you for the weekend to Gary Sarner's house then you'll really then you'll know what sources
When you got to be in close proximity to do if
Kathleen says my third Obama sign was stolen yesterday morning in Miami lakes my real design was knocked over
I went yesterday for another two signs and picked up a quality of a quantity of nasty smelling stuff at the grocery store to put around them
Catfish herring pickle sardines anything I could think I've to ruin the shoes of the thieves
I ended up getting an off duty comfortable signs above my garage door this morning only
One was stolen the other was only half-downs
So I guess I'm getting the hang of things in this mean spirited right wing little town
Miami lakes. I used to have a sticker on back of my truck that said a chainy is a dick and somebody took it off
Are we gonna have to dump him fat Chris maybe put that's his name the chainy. Yeah
It all depends on how you
Say it now. We just got our license yesterday
Or at least the news just leaked out and right off the bat. You're you're coming on there and Joe
But jolly Joe is gonna turn on you like a corner to rat like a big fat rat. No, he's got pictures
evidently
jolly Joe and fat Chris
And and fat Chris and Gary Sarner
No
Where are these long lines they keep showing on Amazon?
The reasons Andrew they think things are going so well is that because there was early voting at about 30 million people
Voted early and Colorado which you pointed out the turn out so far among a few prints the precincts
They're reporting what is she essentially has been a little light so far, but they're reminding us the day is very early
Okay, we're hey, man. Oh, thanks so much for watching over all of these people
There's that Andrea Mitchell just remember she's married to Alan Greenspan. Oh my god
Is there anybody in the world who would touch that old man?
Apparently will yeah, evidently she'll touch it for a dollar
Let's see here's one who said just voted I voted here in New Jersey where Obama's expected to win a popular vote by 15 to 20 percent
And my lifelong Democrats I would have voted for whoever made it through the primary process
But it sure felt historic casting a vote for the USA's first non-white president presidential candidate
A major party ticket go Obama he says eight years from now
Maybe a woman will make it through the Democratic primary process to break through that milestone
Yeah, maybe a woman, but certainly not swallery
Haven't been able to listen to your show this morning any issues being raised with the election our voting process today as
Those Palm Beach callers called your show eight years ago about them as infamous butterfly ballot. No not really
just Virginia
But I do remember that eight years ago. There was a lady called in and she started we had a few calls from Palm Beach
I think I just voted for Pat Buchanan by mistake
Oh
She tried to vote for Al Gore but she had that butterfly ballot and she wasn't even old or probably even Jewish. I don't know
I didn't ask
I didn't ask if she was circumspect
The old Jews who voted for a Pat Buchanan in 2000 better redeem themselves now or they're certainly gonna burn in hell if they don't vote for Obama
Yamama
How's Christy when on his pull here?
1790 you're only generally from the vaunted 1800 margin a poll that might might leave the poll on there forever
Have a happy birthday. You are still young says John. Oh, yeah, I'm so young
And again, they send me the same thing about the Miramar thing two out of two voting stations empty over 300 people in line
We did four hours to vote says Rick well, it was well worth it and
And they're drilling and drilling and drilling their next door like a bunch of lunatics probably a bunch of illegal Chinese man
If any idea how many illegal aliens they have here and
Especially if you come if you come to customs and you have like a turban on and a beard and you look like a terrorist and
You're carrying like a like a hand grenade. Oh, welcome to Canada
It's the truth
If you're like a law-biting just general schmuck like me like that time coming back from Amsterdam
They put me through the ringer my god. Remember I told that story. Yep
Well, what are you doing here? What do you do?
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah? Oh
John Veeces. I'm not your friend good. I'm Georgia's friend and watch the sugar and he's got a link
Well, you're not my friend. I'll write because you send me a link. I don't join inside your apartment
Just about sounds like it. Yeah, that's what I'm telling you. I mean ordinarily I can put up with a lot of distractions
Don't bother me. I'm used to it
Christ almighty when it sounds like they're gonna come flying right through the wall
There's one young Asian guy who works in maintenance here if he came flying through the wall
I wouldn't do it. I would just say hey here's a flee in the fat Chris
But I'm sure it's not him. I don't think he does the drilling, you know
I'm thinking in the right union for that
Asian Oriental guy
Now George isn't here today so he can't argue with me about that thing about Oriental's
I know what an Oriental is when I see one. Okay, throw it
Don't don't don't don't yeah, I wonder if Moe had an Oriental rug that used to wear like on Chinese New Year
Rick says voted in Cooper City 7 this morning through just over an hour
The longest wait was aligned to insert the completed ballot in the tally machine looked like a paper shredded to me
Oh
Yeah, oh the paper shredder that's cute
My wife just left the same polling location 15 minutes in and out the old rick old dude and dizzy bitch are going down
Not on each other. I hope it says this Rick they're going down
Oh, what's your name Andrew Mitchell is still on there no wonder I don't watch you MSNBC during the daytime and
Then of course if I go back to CNN it'll be either that horrible awful Tony Harris or
Kira Phillips who makes him seem like the Prince of the city
Joe and popinos is longtime listener one time caller first time emailer first happy birthday from another old fart
I catch up with you in March
Second voted this morning in popin O a beach and precinct 23 no crowds perfectly organized on in 20 minutes
Most that was filling out the lengthy ballot done in three languages making sure I had the right vote in the right place
Based on overheard comments the vote had to be at least 75% Obama
Finally knowing how well you do your research you may have covered this but just in case an article appeared on page 29 a the Sunday
Harold Saudi Arabia sheep readers hold first beauty pageant
Summary a Saudi Arabian pageant where sheep rather than human beauty took the runway offered a chance for breeders to and business a rare outlet for entertainment
article provides enough material to kill these 30 minutes while they like their sheep in Saudi Arabia
When you think and of course in Saudi Arabia they've been screwing the world for a long time with the help of their good friends bandar a bush
Well, no if if their guys bandar a bush then what's he just an a whole
1792 but our great year that was how about 1492
Wasn't around
I'm talking about your weight
Bill and Melbourne says love the show been listening for 20 years. You still make me laugh
I'm glad I can get your signal okay up here in Melbourne after having to get out of South Florida
However, it's a lifelong Democrat. I've got to say Obama's going to make a bad president
Make as bad president is George W. Bush has been not that opponents any better
You'll have a good time making fun of his misadventures next four years now. Why would Bill and Melbourne say that unless he's a clown
Got any idea no comparing Barack Obama to George W. Bush
Now what was he again in Melbourne maybe he's a hooded freak
Maybe he's in the wrong hood
12 minutes after one at 560 WQ and the
Why don't you go back to Canada you do
How do you do and the good morning all 19% of you Jimmy's have list with you once again on the right wing bandwagon a white corporate America
I'm well off and white aren't you?
Well talk more about the benefits of Trigger down food or economics in just a moment
But first won't you join me as I trickle some of my delicious wine my golden chalice?
Yes, every now and then I enjoy an occasional bribble
You know my children those of you who plan to be a professional athlete will be well advised to register Republican, especially if you're white
As
Grovermorequist one said we must shrink government and round it in the bathtub and let the free market govern itself
We did just that and look how well everything worked out
Black waving jobs may present all that America is about
Use and blacks have no place in a pasty white man's world
I'll be right wing back after these words from eight offs all night lampshade store
117 at 560 boy. That's Jimmy syphilis. He's gonna have a long push tomorrow morning, isn't it?
Hopefully what's old Jimmy gonna say oh
You're an idiot Jimmy but then again everybody knows that and your work on the dolphin games is beyond description
Snapper head says just a little update on my voting experience
My precinct is in South Miami high school. I arrived at 1210. There were no lines
I was out of there by 1230 to all new people who spent hours in line for relief voting you must be nuts
The only thing is that I should go back to work
But you know, I'm gonna rule a fat one take George for ride on my motorcycle to snap her head
John sends me this info from Huntington West Virginia WS A Z
Are we concerned about the voting in West Virginia? First of all, that's McCain country. There's no chance of bombing going to one West Virginia none
Nor does he need it
When you hand in the polls it says to vote you better check your wardrobe and choose wisely
Wearing the wrong clothes could cost you your vote surprised listen up the law restricts one's right to allow you the privilege of another
You can't wear a shirt hat or button supporting your candidate issue or even an idea when you go to vote
It's called electioneering and see equivalent of carrying a yard sign into the pool
Pull workers are trained to west and the cover or remove the object if they don't have anything to cover up with
They'll be asked to leave and go change said Karen cool cable County clerk
It's the subject of an email circulating the internet blowing up email boxes across the country the email warns Obama supporters
Not to wear shirts pins or hats informing them it's against the law and you can be turned away
The law isn't new, but it's not well known either and given a highly charged political season parties on both sides are
Minding their voters to dot their eyes and cross their teeth and
Pat their ass
David Tyson is a local Republican party official. He's also an attorney who strongly disagrees with law. This is in West Virginia
