What happens on Monday?
Previous programs are those of the host, guest, and collars.
Do you know what happens on Monday, Telly?
No idea.
You know the biggest name of the best telly.
You're listening to the story of Mark Falling.
I'm telling you, that the changes including the process of street they're just starting with the changes.
They're blowing everybody up.
Happy holiday is in by the way.
You're fired.
560 WQA.
We may look at it all week.
The need for Roger Joke.
The luck of the truck to need.
565-6050-5608 and Broward.
In early count, he's called the greatest guest of 875 Neil.
Or pound 560 Neil.
18 and sweet voice wireless.
Oh, the opinion is expressed by Neil.
His guests or his cringles will do not represent those of WQA management staff or sponsors.
Now the need for Roger Joke.
Jesus on 560 WQA.
Holy macken on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
How about the Leafs?
I'm not going to leave, son.
I'm not going to leave.
Well, God.
How about the Justin Pogu?
I thought of all the babies that we've been through.
And how I had guests.
And she did too.
I just tried to hurt achievements.
She could empty out of the room.
And create a space between us that could spell it bending through.
Maybe I can try to decide if she's far too much better.
And my knees can't beat.
And my eyes start to run and I think it's about forgiveness.
But forgiveness even if with every whip she keeps glaring ever more.
There are women in your life who will deny
that they ever are far.
You know they could sometimes.
But look you in the eye of the baby.
I say you wrong.
Then the grump of those bad sheets
and drop you wrong, baby.
I'm trying to decide if she far too much better
with a bad side.
And my friends start to scatter when they give out.
Forgive me.
Forgive me.
Forgive me.
She's that's bloody.
I thought I was two at five, 60, W.2.
I'm happy.
Final Cut.
Happy Christmas and Merry, Merry and Happy New Year and Happy Boxing Day.
All of these things.
We're mailing it in again today.
I was going to mail it in all day yesterday.
But we actually had some emails and some calls at the beginning of the show.
So I killed a couple of hours and then the audience ran out of gas.
Yep.
Every year at this time for a hundred years I've been doing this in the holidays.
Thanksgiving and Christmas time and New Year's time.
Play the rack.
Sit back. Relax.
Oh no, you're mailing it in.
I got a great email coming up.
Just fabulous.
Although here's one from Maria B, the fake Maria Bart the Romo.
Hello Mr. Rogers.
I tuned in yesterday and you mailed it in.
Please sir, I'm taking my valuable time to tune in your program
so don't mail it in today.
Oh sorry Maria, we're mailing it in all week long.
Except Christmas day we ain't going to be here.
We ran out of stamps.
Otherwise I wish you and your co-workers happy holiday seasons and
sincerely Maria B.
You know, it actually might be here.
You think so?
I doubt it, but it could be.
Well you know, George says all the emails are fake.
Every one of them.
I think that one's probably the same person that sent that other email.
Yeah, it sure sounds like it doesn't it.
You're mailing it in.
Well I'll get to that one momentarily.
It's classic.
And those of you who send the crabby emails, even at this time of the year,
it's so transparent and so obvious.
Well I don't know whether this is going to kneel or directly kneel or to management,
but I have a complaint.
Yeah, grud.
Complaints and what's the other one?
George always says critiques and complaints.
Critiques and complaints.
That's it.
That's what the email is for.
Critiques and complaints.
Complaints and critiques.
Bapapapa, even at this time of the year, they can't bring themselves to be decent,
to be reasonable people.
No, it's hostility.
Bap, you're mailing it in.
Bap.
Screw you.
Actually, I enjoyed a hell of a lot of the stuff.
I played yesterday and you know, I'm going to be playing a hell of a lot of stuff today.
You haven't had a lot of the stuff yet.
You heard on there.
Right, that's right.
Including that that I just played.
If she farts, does it matter?
Which we have to be real careful because there's no f**k farts in it.
Thank God.
Well Brandon, who's for real?
I guess he's the only for real emailer.
He says that often games are on WZC are 94.3 in Palm Beach.
When I was listening to the love doctors when he went off the air,
one of the hosts was talking about listening to the game on the radio.
And it was said that they didn't like it when mode did the call,
but they do like Jimmy Kong game.
Thought you might find this very interesting.
Brandon, not only do I find it interesting, I find it depressing.
You know, the clip that you played yesterday, Tubby, that was...
I can't imagine anything more embarrassing than that.
I mean, here's the 15th game of the season on Sunday,
and he's calling the dolphin players by their numbers.
He flips it to number 19.
You're looking for it again, aren't you?
Of course.
No. That's because you were relentless bastard.
I want to got some good news about Tubby.
He's not sitting on a show, but at least he's going to be doing the bedtime stories,
as opposed to...
And then Brandon will be happy about that,
and he'll be really amazed when he finds out that it was by Josh Cortes' choice.
He didn't bother telling me about it.
I find out about it from Tubby this morning, before the show.
I'm going to approach for me to see if I'd be interested in it first.
Well, what business has he got to...
What does he like farming this out?
Of course.
Has he got to franchise for it for putting the bedtime stories on the website?
I'm not going to give many of you.
What a turd burger you are, Cortes.
It's amazing.
It's an under-center.
Yeah, fake yet...
Fakes it one way, hands it back to number 19.
Ted Kim has got a cold on the sideline, and he's into the end zone on the reverse.
One play, 31 yards.
That could be the worst call in the history of sports.
I was going to say professional sports, even on a high school level,
even junior high, even kindergarten sports.
That could be the worst call I've ever heard in my life.
Just totally confused and like losing track...
Oh, it's a number 19.
How can you be calling Ted Kim, junior number 19?
Good God.
Man.
Woman.
Anyway, let's soak it along with it.
You're maining it in.
We can tell.
We can smell it.
You're going to mail it in.
I'm going to tell you, if we had a lot of phone calls and a lot of emails,
I would continue taking a mistake because I was shocked at first two hours.
The audience actually had some material.
Third and a long four.
Penny didn't have four receivers, buts to the left.
Now he puts Ronnie Brown in motion of Blitzkum and fires it over the middle.
Fasalves got the cat.
Break the tackle.
Fire, touchdown!
All right, Miami!
He's got a touchdown!
What an effort!
Here's our poll from yesterday.
I'm not going to say anything.
The less said the better.
It speaks for itself.
I was told I should play that one also.
Oh.
Well, that was pretty hysterical, but the one before that was just totally lost, confused,
and again, keep in mind, this is on the radio.
Like that email pointed out yesterday on the radio where people don't know what's going on.
So they need somebody to really describe the action in detail and accurately.
As opposed to on TV where you can see it, even though the play by the play guy may be an idiot.
Yeah, because it was bad this week.
Was really extra bad this week?
Yeah, with Dick Enberg, just...
Oh, that one.
That would be a really, really good broadcaster.
I think he's the...
He's lost it.
He's 150 years old.
What do you want?
We all get old and we lose it.
We start mailing it in.
I'm going to say that's from MIFO, that email I'm going to get to, from Mark Heine.
How about that's from MIFO.
Here's the poll from yesterday, 805 votes.
We change it all ready to the new one, which will give us easy guaranteed over a thousand
for the two put together.
Wow.
And what do you think about the minor changes across the street to ticket?
Ticket ticket.
These are just the beginning.
Here's the poll besides Obama and Biden, who is the biggest winner of 2008.
Michael Phelps 280, a really strange dude.
Michael Phelps, I think he's from another planet.
Maybe that's why he thwinth so fast.
280 for him.
Tina Fey 22, she fell into a real bucket of stuff.
And right on her ass, Sarah Palem going from obscurity to fame 109.
Super Bowl champ, New York Giants 74, Hillary and her Constellation Prize, Secretary of State 25.
World Series champ, Philadelphia Phillies 23, US Open Champ Tiger Woods 21, NBA Chump, Boston Celtics 21.
Stanley Cup Chump, Detroit Redweens 12.
How come there's all these sports things on here?
What was that all about?
No, it's champ Raphael Nadal 7.
Best Oscar winner, no country for old men, six horrible, horrible.
Nobody in the world can figure out.
Even the people who were in the movie can't figure out what it was all about.
McCain winning the GOP nomination three and Wimbledon champ, Moro Sports, Venus, no penis Williams, too.
Venus with the penis.
Wow.
Here's the new poll.
It's up there for you right now.
We want to get 40 million votes on it, by the way.
To show those kids across the street, the lesson or two.
They got the new kid on the block.
They're what's his name?
Jonathan Zazlow.
I think Michael Zazlow played Roger on guiding light and he died about 100 years ago.
I think that was his name.
Something Zazlow.
He played Roger Thorpe.
But then again, you never watch Soaps because you're a real man.
Correct.
Which celebrity siblings are or were you all time favorites?
The Marks Brothers 20.
Come on.
Get out of here.
The Marks Brothers.
Good.
God.
And then it says the Gibbs brothers.
There's no S on that.
It's the Gibb brothers, the brothers Gibb, the Bee Gees.
Get that S off of their plays Eric.
There's no Gibbs.
There was Georgia Gibbs, seven for the brothers Gibb.
Owen and Luke Wilson, four.
Owen and Luke Wilson?
Yeah.
Actors.
Oh.
Well, what about Brian and Wilson and the Beach Boys?
All those brothers.
Get it on there, Beach Boys.
John and Joan Kisak, two Everly Brothers got a pair.
I voted for the Everly Brothers.
I was obsessed with the Everly Brothers.
Oh.
Donnie and Mariazman, two Prince William and Prince Harry, two.
Oh, God.
Julian Eric Roberts, two.
I love her.
Can't stand him.
The Jackson's two.
The Olsen twins, two.
Chris and Rich Robinson, the Black Crow's one.
Sylvester and Frank Stallone, one.
Dennis and Randy Quaid, one.
Jeff and Bob Ridges, one.
Joaquin River and Summer Phoenix, one.
Summer Phoenix?
Who's that?
I guess he's another Phoenix brother.
Never heard of him.
Peyton and Eli Manning, one.
From another planet.
Serena and Venus Williams, one.
Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, one.
And what about the other one?
Isn't there another one?
Yeah, I think there's three of them.
James Ames and Peter Graves, one.
Who's James Ames?
Oh, James Arnes.
Bad reading.
Get some new glasses, Tubby.
Talk to myself.
Where did I leave off?
Hillary and Haley Duff, one.
Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez, one.
Just to reshuffle.
Paris and Nikki Hilton, one.
And none yet for the Beach Boys and Jonas Brothers.
None for the Jonas Brothers?
Boy, can they sing?
Not Aubrey and James Meadows.
None.
David and the Sean Cassidy, none.
I bet you the guy with the eyes will get on there
for the Cassidy Boys.
Or Alice Rantell, Keith and David Keradine,
Jane and Peter Fonda, John and Ellen Travolta.
These all have none.
Liam and Noel Gallagher, Oasis, none.
Kelly and Jack Osborne, none.
Nick and Aaron Carter, none.
Oh, they'll get a lot of votes with this crowd.
Jake and Maggie Gillenhall, none.
Oh, you know what movie was on the other night?
No, what?
It's a really bad movie, too.
It's not Jake Gillenhall.
Who is Zach Gallagher?
Psychic.
It's called Psychic.
It's a bad flick.
But they do look alike.
Brittany and Jamie Lynn Spears,
Anne Landers and Deer Abbey,
Donnie and Mark Wahlberg,
the Arcette Brothers and Sisters,
a whole bunch of them, including what was their name?
I don't know what was their name.
Oh, Jessica and Ashley Simpson,
Jason and Justine Bateman,
Ron and Chad Lowe,
Shirley McClain and Warren Beatty,
the Baldwin Brothers,
and Ben and Casey Affleck, 64.
We got almost not her votes already,
because we're achieving.
We're doing two polls.
Well, if we're going to catch up with those other guys,
we've got to cheat a lot.
The biggest name of the best talent.
Like it or not,
naming it in.
You'll 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
No portion of this program may be reproduced
without the express written permission
at WQAM,
B.B. Broadcast Group,
Inc.
Neon God.
One in seven Americans
suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny,
to those who have it,
it's no laughing matter.
It's called Frequent Burping Syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll be on a date,
or a business meeting,
and...
and...
excuse me.
See? See what happens?
Frequent Burping Syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists,
sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as...
Burpenders.
Gosh.
Burpenders saved my life.
Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask her to marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of truth came,
I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know?
Burpenders.
No shame.
No guilt.
No more tummy rumbling smelly belches.
No more stopping in mid-sittance
to uncorcup big cheesy blaster.
Just caring professionals.
And they help you need.
Don't wait.
Here's the number to call.
555-2877-
555-
Burpenders.
Call today and stop being so gross.
18, that's by request by the way.
We'll take all the requests you got all the rest of the week
because it's the holidays and we're mailing it in.
Thank you for coming.
Oh, you're mailing it in.
Here's one from Barry Jackass.
Are you hearing the same rumors I am from our Davis question mark?
No, what else that's supposed to mean.
Obviously, I don't speak to Howard Davis or Amy.
I work in Communicate with Howard Davis over across the street.
What are those rumors, Barry?
Is this like a little tidal ratings that's supposed to be
like hangs it out there for us to sniff it?
You know?
We're sniffing it.
What's the rumors, Barry?
Anyway, here's more than rumor.
Barry writes this in the heralds, so it might be true.
790, the ticket yesterday, fired talks to your host, Kevin Rogers
and Larry Million, announced plans to move Jonathan Zazlow
to late mornings.
Alan Strauss, Million's co-host on the DOS Amigos late night
talk show was retained, but his role hasn't been determined.
790 station manager Howard Davis.
Not Howard David.
Howard Davis.
By the way, for the pull of the three stuages, speaking of Vulga.
Three stuages.
Davis said that this missiles were driven partly by economics
and partly by wanting to go in a different direction.
Zazlow, who's been hosting between 7 and 10 pm on nights
without Panthers and Marlins games, will replace Rogers between
10 a.m. and noon, following Sid Rosenberg leading in the
George Siddano allegedly.
Zazlow's done a great job and has earned that slot.
Davis said it's a promotion.
Davis said the tickable carry local programming between 7 and 10 pm,
including a dolphin show from 7 to 8 pm.
What if they do half as good as our dolphin show from 7 to 8 pm?
At the same time, they can do a point.
Oh, wow.
But hasn't decided yet who will replace Zazlow's host.
The 10 pm to midnight slot will be filled with either local
programming or nationally syndicated programming
with a decision to do this week.
The ticket has a marketing partnership.
In other words, they're in bed together.
They sleep together.
They coup, coup, coup, coup, coup, coup, they're in the ticket.
So there's the beginning of the changes over there.
Everybody's getting blown out.
It's the holidays, right?
Of course.
An out time for the email of the century.
Well, not the all time best, but certainly one of them.
Oh, wait a minute.
Now, let's see.
Now, I'm thinking maybe Barry Jackass is going to tell me what all
those rumors are.
Oh, here's Kenny Gramer.
Latest word.
December 26, WIOD is moving to 93.9.
WIOD AM changing format.
Laurie Shepard is bringing back WADY only with a mean streak
of angry programming.
Wait.
What does that mean?
Debbie Negro and Anigro, how do you say that?
N-I-G-R-O, not Negro.
Negro, I guess?
How do you say that?
Negro, Negro.
Well, host weekends and calls have been made and recorded across
country to current employees of Laurie and solding former employees.
Oh.
Oh, that's sad.
Have you seen the drudge pool today?
No, I don't read the drudgery port.
There are picks of Obama and Putin without shirts and ask who looks
better shirtless.
Great.
Will you keep reading crap like that?
Edward and Alex Van Halen, Ron and Cleveland Howard, and John and
Robert Kennedy.
How about Ted?
Is he chopped liver or something?
He's still alive.
You want to put the Kennedy brothers?
What?
The Kennedy brothers?
No, if you want.
It's up to you.
Oh, Nick and Drew Lesche, 98 degrees.
Oh, Drew.
My God.
Okay, put him on there.
Ron and Cleveland Howard and the Kardashian siblings.
Oh, my God.
Just all kinds of pool crap coming in.
Okay, let's get to that great email from Mark, a concerned fan.
Subject, a letter of concern for your station.
This letter is regards to the Neo-Rodger show on your station.
I don't know if this email will go directly to Neo or WQM management.
Right.
You don't know.
It's nealatneorodgers.com.
It's our email address.
But he thinks maybe it might go to management.
Right.
First of all, I've been a listener for many years and enjoy his show.
The problem, however, is that recently the show has been lackluster.
He even goes on to blame the caller's email.
Is this if we are somehow responsible for the quality of the show?
I'm not on WQM's payroll.
So why is it my job to create material for the show simply because the host doesn't give a damn?
Although it's interesting, you're not on the payroll, but you still took the time to send several paragraphs of sputum here.
Baaaah!
Happy all days to you, too, Mark.
Next is the fact that he brags constantly about mailing it in and not caring.
How is this possible?
As a former business owner, one of my employees went around bragging about being lazy.
They wouldn't last long.
Not to mention this is bad for the morale of the company and will cause others to follow in his footsteps.
As if he does know that mailing it in is a long, long, standing, stick on the show.
If that doesn't get that, you know, just making it up.
And of course, as far as how this following in our footsteps, maybe they can follow in our ratings footsteps
because even in the last trend as bad as it was for us, it was still better than all the other date parts on the station like it always is and always will be.
But nevertheless, Mark.
Yesterday's show, for example, started out fine.
Neil would take calls and emails and doing his news stories, but it wouldn't last because early into the second hour, he was annoyed by a caller.
Do you remember me being annoyed by a caller?
Not all hands up.
See, this guy doesn't understand.
I'm not annoyed by the callers.
They are what they are, the callers and the emails.
And soon, I ended up playing bits and didn't look back.
He proceeded to do this till the end of the show.
Oh yeah, just like he does every year, Christmas time, right? Play the rack.
Thank you for taking your time to read this.
I love the stuff the station has done over the years and all the great personalities you introduced to South Florida Radio.
Have a happy holidays at Concerned Fan, who obviously wants Neil.
Fire did it.
Oh, I'm just peeing in my pants. I'm so nervous.
I'm mailing it in.
I bet you that's Mepho.
Jeff the florist.
He's the one who was always talking about mailing it in.
That was his specialty.
I'll be sure.
What? That was his thing.
That was his stick.
Although not about me, it was always about the Dave Johnson mailing it in.
This one always people would tell it as opposed to default.
Default can't mail it in because he ain't got it.
If you're going to mail it in, you've got to have something to put in a mail.
Let's see if Barry Jackass came back with something here.
Now, oh, that's the fake Kenny Graham were again.
Why are they faking me?
I'm nobody.
You're right Kenny and both counts.
Let's see.
Rodney says there was one call where Sephelo described a pass play with F is his saying,
Pennington drops back to pass.
He goes, he goes down field and it's complete.
Now, I'm thinking at least a 20 yard pass play.
Meanwhile, it was again a five yards.
What an embarrassment to the profession says Rodney.
You're right Rodney.
It's embarrassing as hell.
Please play the bridge tender and sitting out a bench and delirate oldies for something
that some of the best of all times has run.
No problem.
Anything that you want to mail it in.
The holidays for Christ's sake, we expect a lot of calls and a lot of emails today.
No way.
Oh no, you're mailing it in.
How embarrassing to go on your app.
Blow it out your ass mark.
You idiot.
Mark likely story.
Just another one of the chronic NUDNICs looking to stir the credit just looking to stir up a bunch of crap probably from Howard Davis.
So they got rid of Kevin Rogers because they couldn't afford the real.
Good.
Rogers, that was the problem over there.
I could have put them on the map, but you know what?
They never had two nickels to rub together.
There was a lot of talk and then what's his name?
Hall, D.S.
What that was his name?
Joe fine bird.
Joe fine bird.
Paul D.S.
And now they're stuck with Dennis Collins.
Oh my god.
I didn't even hear what happened to his case in California.
I think he got tossed out.
I think he, I don't know.
I don't remember.
He's running around on a loose somewhere driving sports cars with that he's money.
He's a big shot.
He's a real racon tour in Bon Vivont.
You know, when they talk about somebody being a racon tour, it means they don't work.
They don't really have a job.
Is that what that means?
Yeah.
Like on the talk shows they'll have so and so.
Well, he's a racon tour.
That means he doesn't really do anything.
He doesn't act.
He doesn't sing.
He just goes on talk shows in racons.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
He looks at his new projects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Were you fudge back in?
That's your limit.
You're fairing.
My wife.
She took their card or the ball.
She drives my viewer.
And she's three feet tall.
I wouldn't ride with an away.
I said I'd meet and then lay it today.
So I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
Waiting for the lollyfester to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
With my friend's time.
And look like it's time to tell my change.
Customers don't always stay the same.
All they're gonna do would get a tells me to do.
The private highlights, she must be insane.
Just sitting here resting my bones.
Wondering why my wife won't eat me alone.
We've talked it over and I never win.
I just wind up slipping through the mall again.
Oi, so I sit on a bench in Del Rey.
Waiting for the lollyfester to take me away.
Oi, I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
With my friend's time.
There it is.
It's about ten times.
Waiting for the lollyfester to take me away.
I'm just sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
Yes, sir.
I've been wanting to talk to you about...
... about what?
About what?
Brigers, cars and boats.
We're talking about bridges over the causeway, not the ones in your mouth.
I don't have any of my friends.
Yeah, calm down, sir.
Take a deep breath.
Is it regulated by the United Corp and you're near?
No.
Well, it is. All bridges over Navigable Waterway.
I knew that I wouldn't have been asking, sir.
I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place.
Okay, well, I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Corps of Engineers
are the ones that regulate bridges over Navigable Waterways?
Over one?
Navigable Waterways.
Yes, sir, okay.
Okay.
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic.
Yes.
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with a time.
Well, what is the time?
I believe it's at wish our times, sir, that they are not open to marine traffic.
Other than that, they are open to marine traffic.
So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for a few months.
And they're absolutely correct, sir.
Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That is not a communist bunch of crap, sir.
Sounds like some kind of re-indithal fascist, Tommy Pinto, a...
It's got five theories in the me.
It's got a lot of old bills to one boat.
Wait, exactly.
The boat is going to stop for 5,000 cars?
Is that it?
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat.
I think that's what they ought to do.
Man, you better know your laws, Mr. Because you sure don't.
That's right.
I suppose you want the van bridges closed to both traffic and a hurricane, too.
I want the bridges closed, period.
Okay, I want them closed.
I want the bridge tent to go home and watch MTV and get the hell out of our lives.
I want those bridges closed.
Let them use the Julia Tuttle, okay?
You know I'm not a man.
Let them use the MacArthur Coswell.
I think they ought to go out on a George Washington bridge and jump all of bridge tenters.
How do you like that, sir?
Well, I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiotic chap.
The story that rocked Tom Beach in the world.
Uncle Ted dude, throw on some boxer shorts, let's cruise on bar and rage with some babes.
Excellent.
Our money, women, and who in tech.
Uncle Ted dude, let's use our ins of the slash names to impress these babes and do the wild thing in the compound.
No way Bill.
Yes way, Ted.
Excellent.
They're rich, they're powerful.
They like to swim naked.
Well, you're going to be smitten.
Ted Kennedy and Bill and Ted's ex-boyfriend, part two, the next genitalia.
Excellent.
Coming soon to appear to be you.
Pretty dex for excellent.
1035 at UN.
No updates from Barry Jackass.
I mean, is he only talking about Kevin Rogers getting canned and then the other guy, the Uno Amigo?
And Jonathan Zazlow to intend to noob.
Boy, talk about working cheap.
Oh, we got another person's opinion also that says Zazlow sucks.
Is that debatable?
Not really.
And who would person would that be inside the building?
Yeah, inside the building.
Our Jonathan Zazlow is like a kid.
He's like a kindergarten kid.
But he talks about sports and he'll work cheap.
They're thrown in the town, man.
What are the rumors?
Very come on.
You can do it.
Now, there's just a stuff that you read on the air.
And then they then came out like a day to later because it was all false.
Right.
No, they said the thing was false about Sid going to New York and about them.
Sedano moving to morning and then going syndicated 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Oh, okay.
Because I remember you saying, you know, about this happening also.
Like, you know, the dose of me goes and stuff like that.
So I thought they had denied this, but who knows?
This is Barry Jackass is where we get it.
How the hell would I know what's going on over there?
And like I said before, if they get upset about stuff leaking out,
it's because they've got lots of moles over there in the building.
Everybody and their brothers are mole.
And of course, both the stations have got these people back and forth,
and then a shuttle bus across the street.
Jerks is over here.
Then he's over there and on and on it goes, you know.
You know, is?
Uh-huh.
Here's one that says, I would disagree with the email you just read.
His long time list in my opinion, the turning point for the worst was when Neil moved out of town.
Since then, he's been more and more out of touch and the show is slowly lost its edge.
It had touched this.
I did the show for five years from here.
We were just fine taking asked and then jolly joe and joe scott together and they dis-
dis-membered the show.
That's not a cop out.
That's a- that's a fact.
Anybody who's listening to the show for a long time knows the show's blows because that's what they want.
This is the show they want.
I don't know what they want, but they sure don't want the old Neil Rogers show.
Normally permitted.
But keep them- keep them coming.
Keep their critiques and their criticisms coming, okay?
Critique and criticize and complain.
Maaah, maaah, maaah, maaah.
You move out and you're out of touch.
Who the hell wants to be in touch?
I'm freezing my ass off here and you know something I don't mind it.
It doesn't bother me, at least bit.
Oh, you don't have the decency to do the show for me.
In other words, Ms. Reloves Company.
And the show is popular all depending on where your fat ass is sitting.
Right.
It's like somebody in Peoria writing to Limbaugh and saying,
Oh, you're doing your show from Palm Beach from your home in Palm Beach.
How can you relate to us here in Peoria?
Right. Stupid.
Dear Neil, I'm truly enjoying you playing the rack.
Oh no, it's called mailing it in.
You should do this more often.
Okay.
Too bad there are so many great bits, some more unspoken objectionable.
I know you can't play peeping through the cue hole.
We sure can't.
We can play like a little bit of it.
And by the way, most of what I'm playing here so far is by request.
We can play a little bit of- I'll tell you when we start.
Keep things through looking home, watching mom and dad.
That's it.
Well, we've played a little bit of it.
How about Bill and Ted's excellent adventure, which I just played?
Thanks for making the holidays a bit more tolerable.
Stay warm since Gary and homestead.
Thanks Gary.
There's a pleasant guy who's not bad at the holiday time.
It's just amazing to me the notion that I should be down there with so many miserable, hostile, hateful people.
This is supposed to be the time of the year when if- if it- no other time of the year,
people are like decent and charitable and friendly and warm and like that.
And the hostility just keeps pouring
from these people.
The fake clearances got one here.
Rips you and asks again.
All right.
I'm so sorry to hear about your boy Brady Quinn getting punched in his pretty face.
Yeah, I think I've got that story in my pile here, which I may or may not get to.
I think everybody knows it.
He got punched a little bit of it.
Yeah.
You didn't hear the story?
No.
Well, I'll get to it.
It's in my pile. Where the hell is it?
I'll find it.
Anyway, I think one of his teammates looked at him and said,
you failed.
And that started a contract, Tom.
I'm pretty sure I have it and here maybe I heard it.
Can I finish the clear-fake clearance email first, though?
Of course.
I don't know what I would do if my boyfriend the B-scout punched in his cute fat face.
I probably would often, personally, just like how fat ass Chris,
I love you, Neil, and hate you, Tubby, sign the fake clearance.
I think it's from the real clearance.
Although, no, he doesn't love me.
He hates me, too.
I'm the anti-sports.
I'm the pain in the ass.
Oh, he screws up our whole format.
We want pure sports on there.
24 or 7.
We want to talk about the games, the games and the games.
Oh, by the way, if we got a lineup for you this week,
let's see.
Well, nobody's working this week.
It's up to me.
Curtis, 2-4 this afternoon, because the big ol' got up and did the 7-10.
Now, did you talk to him and find out what this deal is next week?
Talk to who?
Orlando?
How much was today?
Is that home?
Oh, that's right.
I forgot. He doesn't show.
I can't stand guys who do the show from home.
Anyway, Curtis, 2-4, Joe is a gackie for this 7.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
Are we bold and brave or what?
Dolphins tonight, 7-08, Hurricane Hotline 8-9, and then TCU and Boise State
from the Point Settier Bowl, 9-0 Midnight.
What is that?
It's called a bowl game.
I don't know.
Is it a football game?
Oh, yeah.
How am I supposed to know?
TCU and Boise State?
Oh, I think you're joining that.
Oh, you're joining that.
Joint in progress, the Point Settier Bowl.
And that's why you have a bowl.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
You're joining that.
Miss Liz Principle.
I don't want to ask, if you have any best friends,
and how long have you had those best friends for?
What does that mean?
Well, it means.
What does that have to do with this?
It has to do with.
Everybody has to have best friends.
I mean, if they have any friends at all, sure.
They have to do with the fatureting,
not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazings
or all the other hazings and whatnot that goes on,
but it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two best friends, one is straight,
one is gay.
I've never had sex with either one of them.
I've never seen either one of them naked.
Or have any desired to do either one of the above.
Okay, in the fraternity.
Don't take showers with them, though.
It's that towels at them.
All right, in the fraternity house, we don't socialize by
can showers together.
If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class,
he goes in the shower as well.
It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities.
We're talking about hazing and initiations of fraternities
and group sex.
I'll tell you about hazing and initiation.
When you are, when you're in the age of adolescents,
18, 19 and you're trying to find yourself in college,
whatever it may college may be, fraternities lend itself
to putting a bunch of guys that are like you.
Would I say like you?
I mean, they like the same interests.
They play the same sports.
They're a group of guys together that automatically,
for some reason, I can't explain why,
become your good friends for life.
Now, when you have a good friend, and like I mentioned to you,
when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend
of yours, you share experiences with them.
And part of becoming a sexual experience is,
oh, well, it could be.
It could be two guys on a girl.
It could be two girls on two guys.
It could be, you know, in the bathroom,
four guys taking showers with four girls.
The experience, sexual or not sexual is irrelevant.
No one knows.
It's not irrelevant at all.
Of course it is.
No, it is not.
When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends.
Because you have friends, sir,
because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends,
doesn't mean a, that you take showers with them
because you're going to be friends for a long time.
And b, certainly doesn't mean that you share
sexual experiences with them.
And that can have a group sex with them.
Do you, you know, some of the, I belong to a health club.
And then the health club that I belong to is a completely
heterosexual, a family health club.
Yeah.
But the shower is a shower with, with six falls on it.
Now do you think that I think I'm part of that health club
so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea.
Only you can answer that question.
But that's nothing.
I'll tell you this.
There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the point.
That's beside the point.
Me personally, I do not.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity
is in health clubs.
I do not go and join the fraternity.
No, we believe you.
Don't sound offensive.
We believe you.
Yeah.
We heard, no showers and group sex and whatnot.
Is not a question.
What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing
and the point of becoming close to one another.
What is the point of making the other?
What is the point of making the young kids get naked?
What is the point of being?
I'll tell you exactly what it is.
I'll tell you, I'll give you a phrase for Hordean.
Please, let's try to get along.
When you belong to a fraternity, and I'll say it again,
you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends
for life.
And part of the...
Why does that require them getting naked for you?
Let me finish.
Part of the experience of having a best friend,
whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with,
or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with,
if you share intimate moments.
Not intimate moments?
That's sexual.
When I say intimate, I don't mean sexual.
I mean, intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience
with anybody else who's not your friend.
For example, you're not something...
This sounds so faggy to me that even I'm a bit embarrassed for you, sir.
You want to know...
Sounds very faggy to me.
Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys,
you're never going to share experience with anybody else.
Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you meet here.
Why would you run?
Why would you run or run through the beach naked with a bunch of guys?
Why do you want to do that?
Hold on, it's not a question of you one, you don't have a choice.
Right.
Right, and why do you want to force these kids to be naked?
Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
My closet friend...
That hangs out at the showers at the gym.
Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
I don't everyday experience.
People do not in a fraternity walk around naked,
nor do they...
Stop, stop, stop, stop with the smoke screen.
Stop with the steam and the steam bath, okay?
Let's get back to the meat of the matter.
Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked.
What is that all about?
It's a matter of respect.
It's a matter of...
No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
It's a matter of lack of respect.
If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves
and embarrass and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys,
who says that they're naked?
I want to tell you this.
I want to tell you this, okay?
Without any more discussion, it's very simple.
A child could tell you.
If somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass, okay?
There's a good message for all you kids out there.
If any other male, your age, older, whatever age,
if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked,
hanky, panky, in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy,
in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
Amen. That was.
I was a million times better than the bridge tender.
But they're all great.
They're all great.
Yeah, all the calls are great.
I'm your friend.
That was back before we started with I'm your friend.
But I'm not going into that again because history speaks for itself.
What's happened on this radio station and what's happened to this radio station
since the arrival of the Raleigh Mafia baby.
Wow, have they done a number or what?
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Here's the current poll.
We got 169 votes.
What do we have in the first one?
801?
I don't know.
Check it out here.
Check it out right now.
805.
805.
And we're alive.
We got 9.74.
Oh my God, run the version of a thousand votes.
And our people can only vote once on the poll.
How do you like that?
They can't vote 100 times on the poll.
Like they've got a full time employee across the street who sits there
and taps out votes on the poll all day.
24.7.
And also sends me emails.
Keep them coming though.
Lots of emails today.
What the hell happened yesterday?
Maybe these people are afraid I'm going to play the rack again.
Get out shopping yesterday.
Huh?
Maybe they're out shopping yesterday.
Oh, I'm going to tell you.
Here.
Oh, see, he's not a touch.
He's in Toronto.
Yeah, here.
The people are crazy.
They're crazy.
I'm talking about this week.
They're driving crazier than usual.
They're running around like their chickens with their head cut off.
My cat guy tells me that the malls are like people just mauling each other,
just going, apeshmit.
That's one of the reasons I can't stand this week.
Oh, oh, there he goes again.
He can't stand anything.
He's so full of hate.
I just don't like when people act extra crazy.
Normal crazy.
That I can tolerate, but extra crazy.
No way.
So how'd you do it with my nests?
Yeah, one.
I want a very substantial summer cash.
How do you like that?
How much?
None of your business.
In fact, I have an email.
I got so many emails, including stuff about you.
Oh, yeah.
Here's one from the fake Josh Cortes.
Although it says the real Josh Cortes.
Can't believe that fat bastard Chris
ratted me out about the bedtime stories.
Listen, fatso.
Keep your GD mouth shut.
I'm going to kick your lazy sloppy,
puke inducing soon to be unemployed fat ass.
Have another donut, you piece of crap.
See if I ever try another favor for you.
Josh, I think that's the real Cortes.
No, that would be the fake one.
How do you know that?
Because the real one was coming in here and it
talks to me about everything.
Well, that doesn't mean you couldn't send you a hostile email.
You know, a lot of people hide behind anonymity of calls
and emails and stuff.
Well, plus if I didn't tell you that I was doing it,
it's not helping me out because it checks what's
still going to him.
I don't understand.
What does that mean in the fake email?
It says see what I try to help you out again.
Oh, here's a good one.
This is this is the guy who called yesterday.
Oh, can't we hear more about cruising in this 70s and 80s?
No, go cruise yourself.
OK, idiot.
I'm a relatively new listener to the show,
but I'd like to throw my two cents in since everyone else
seems to be doing so.
Right, critiques and complaints.
You've got it.
Neil, can you talk more about your personal life?
It makes for good radio.
I know you vaguely mentioned someone named Paco.
Please get into that.
No, you are the best it says.
Paco is a friend of mine.
OK, do you talk about your friends on the year?
No, you don't even talk about your girlfriend on the year,
which would make you more mature.
It's nobody's business.
Correct.
This isn't a show about my life.
It's a radio show.
Paco is a friend of mine from Mexico, OK?
Who lives in the building?
He's one of my best friends in the world.
He's a great kid.
And that's it.
And no, we're not having Hankey Pankey.
And if we did, I wouldn't tell you anyway, but we're not.
That's all they think about.
Oh, well, geez, he's got that kid there, that boy toy.
Yeah, that's all they know.
They know so much about my life, not.
And it's none of your business.
Get your own life.
I have no life.
I forgot.
I have no life.
So here's the poll today.
How many votes have we got under now?
Because I'm not looking back at it again.
Low.
Come on.
Which celebrity siblings are or were you all time favorites?
177.
177.
The marks, brothers, 38.
That's embarrassing.
It says that our audience is older than death.
Yeah, older than dust.
The marks, brothers, my God.
The three students, 24, that's the way to do it.
I think mold, put them up there.
The Gib brothers, thanks, Eric, getting the S off them.
The BG's 12, or as Merv Griffin introduced them once,
the fabulous BG's.
The Beach Boys 10, John and Joan Q. Second.
I can't read all of these.
Owen and Luke Wilson, 7th and Jackson, 7th,
Avery Brothers, 6th, Donnie and Riosman, 6th.
The Kennedy Brothers 5, Peyton and Eli Manning 5.
I had Donnie Asman on my show one time, and I would do it,
but you never had him on your show, Tubby.
No, never.
That's right.
You don't have a show.
Charlie Sheen and Emilio Esterves, 4th,
the bird would say Esterves.
Jeff and Vogue Bridges 3, Serena and Penis of Williams 3.
Jason and Justin Bateman 3.
I'm not going to read these all.
There's too many.
Anybody interesting on here that's got like a voter too?
Nick and Drew Lachet, they don't have any.
Well, that's not the Jonas Brothers have none.
That's because it's this crowd.
They didn't even know who these Nick and Aaron Carter
are you kidding me with this audience?
Where the median age is death plus 10?
Come on now.
The Marx Brothers, Groucho Zeppo and Chico,
as Groucho used to call him.
Everybody else called him Chico, but Groucho called him Chico.
Well, you know, my way you think that was.
Who knows?
They were some strange dude.
They were funny.
I think Harpo was the funniest, the one that never spoke.
The Mime.
You need to remember Harpo, do you?
Did he have blonde hair?
Yeah.
Burling look kind of like a lady, like an old lady.
Make it one, the best talent.
You're giving me a project.
It's 4805-60QAM.
Nick, fourth lead.
The biggest name is the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560-WQ-AM.
I am a Ford Lauderdale.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
You're a brain.
This is your brain.
How about you?
Any questions?
No.
No.
Oh, no!
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
All right.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Deal, good.
The medic were born, we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Absolutely.
Younger old Richard Pore,
there's nothing we can do to stop it.
Yeah.
So look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
Dead, go rave your house in green and red.
Cause someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens,
it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve,
when you snuggle into bed.
That you'll thank God for your family.
Cause someday they'll be dead.
Oh, dead, dead, dead.
Someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows, that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning,
let good tidings fill your head.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead.
Everyone you know,
Dead, a very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead, dead, dead.
Merry Christmas everybody.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Amen, 1102 at 560 WDQYM.
So here's that article about the Smith Quinn fight confirmed
in the Browns locker room.
Okay.
Starts out before the article is,
I thought you might find this article interesting.
I was listening to your show earlier today,
and I'm sorry for both the lack of material and scarcity
of quality of colors in South Florida.
If I wasn't your shoes,
I think my sanity would have checked out a long time ago.
Sir, congratulations for not only sticking it out,
but for being entertaining in spite of all obstacles I salute you.
Thank you, Liz.
Although I've got a caustic one coming in two from Tony here in a second.
It's a balance it out.
All right, Tony, you crabby old man.
Just enjoy what you have left.
I'll get to it in a minute.
Smith Quinn fight confirmed.
At a time when Browns coach Romeo Cranel is publicly hinting
that something happened,
and Browns quarterback Brady Quinn is privately insisting
that nothing happened,
Browns tight end Darrell Dinkins said on WDQYM
that an altercation indeed occurred last week
between defensive lineman Sean Smith and Quinn
and that Quinn has a mark on his face to show for it.
He's got a mark on his push.
We've separately heard from a source with knowledge of the situation
that indeed Smith and Quinn got into it.
Here are the details that have been shared with us.
The incident occurred during a weightlifting session on Monday, December 15
after a verbal altercation between the two,
Smith punched Quinn in the face,
and as Dinkins said,
we're told Quinn has a mark on his push.
Team Aids then intervened and pulled the players apart.
While being separated, Smith threw a...
something popped, it's chopped off.
Something pounded way to Quinn.
The way it didn't strike Quinn.
Do you think maybe Smith said...
You fair one.
One time too many.
Maybe.
That said, Quinn continues to claim
privately nothing happened.
Smith didn't practice last week due to a way supposed calf injury.
Didn't play on Sunday,
but the team leaves suggested the whole thing was aimed at suspending Smith without pay,
without having to disclose that yet another wheel had flown off the team's wagon.
Nice game against the Bengals, by the way.
Didn't they lose 14? Nothing?
I think I thought it was 13.
It's a little bit of a team to the Bengals.
Further proof, the team is merely trying to keep things quiet.
The right WQA Albury Portley was prohibited by its parent company CBS Radio
from relaying replaying the audio of Nick and Zinnervu.
Update. Apparently, Nick and Zinnervu did not claim me.
He didn't say that if I'd occurred and Quinn is claiming that he has no mark on his push,
Quinn could be speaking out about the situation soon.
Hey Brady.
You're fairie.
Now here's Tony. Tony E.
Subject. Why?
Hey, Neely, please don't play others for your show's demise.
Not everyone can stay on top.
You had your run, now it's coming to an end.
It happened to Jordan, Shaq.
Sami Sof said it'll happen to Tiger as well.
The Tiger.
You aren't special.
You're getting older and the people that have used to have time to listen to you have matured
and growing out of you in your show.
You're just part of the food chain deal with it.
This has also happened to Howard.
You guys aren't something before and the attraction is gone.
Our art has hit us before and the attraction is gone.
Your material is the same but the audience evolves yet.
You guys can't.
You have hit your limit.
I'm not saying you're not worth listening to because I listen to you about twice.
A week when possible.
But you just don't have it like you used to.
That's all. It's very simple.
You won't admit it.
Try to spin this and I probably would tune, Neely.
It's just to show and you're a guy with a mic.
And a sense of humor. Nothing else, right?
You crabby old man.
Just enjoy what you have left. Tony.
Thank you and happy holidays to you too, Tony.
BAM!
Crabby old man.
Don't play others for your demise.
No. It's my fault.
I'm just mailing it in.
And you know something if I were mailing it in,
that's exactly what they deserve.
Because I'm giving, if I mailed it in every day,
I'd be giving to them more than what they're given to me,
except for the money.
I'll take the money, thank you.
Neely, I was at the ACDC concert in Sunrise in Saturday.
They're all straight and most of the band now lives in Florida.
So what does that mean?
Oh, the free ticket lady, Brandon says,
I'll get to it.
I'm not all that keen on.
Let's see.
I will have two radius, one, two to 93.9, one to the six, ten,
at 12 a.m. this Friday morning.
To hear what they'll be broadcasting since somebody.
Oh, yeah.
Let's get it all whipped up.
Come on, Barry Jack.
Where's all the fake information from Howard Davis?
You can't do that.
Don't you hate when people do that?
They like, it's the big tease.
You know, all of you heard of the big news
and then they don't tell you the big news.
Yeah, of course.
I don't think there is any big news.
The fake Mahatma Gandhi says,
I heard you mentioned that you're flooded with emails.
So all my fake email accounts are going at full force right now.
No need to thank me.
Keep doing great job.
Thanks, Mahatma.
Great rice, by the way.
Is that what you said yesterday?
Mahatma makes rice?
Correct.
Rice is good like with butter on it.
Mm-hmm.
Like with gravy?
A little bit of cheese.
Ooh, rice with cheese.
I like cheese on everything.
I like broccoli with cheese, broccoli are rotten.
And spinach with cheese.
Laszets says, I just want to wish happy holidays to you, Chris.
And George, even though he's not there,
George is on vacation this week.
He didn't get fired.
So are you, absolutely.
No, he's not.
I love the show, so keep up the great work, I listen.
Every day on the internet, which comes in crystal clear,
always, anyways, have a good one.
You too, LaSette, happy holidays.
To you and all the nice people out there.
To all you, on his fill arc.
Oh, yeah.
Who thinks he's a real comic?
This is the guy who last week on Thursday,
sent an email about the ticket and the fact that the ratings
tomorrow aren't going to mean anything,
and they get 80 million votes on the poll.
And all of a sudden, baloney, you know.
This is somebody across the street.
Subject, glad to help the show.
Thank you.
We need all the help we can get, believe you me,
because we're mailing it in.
And I'm just a cravy old man.
Don't have it like I used to.
Yadi, yadi, all this other crap.
Complaints and critiques.
Critiques and complaints.
You know what that's a substitute for?
Any material.
That's what most of you people don't have.
Any material.
So it's a lot easier to say,
ah, you suck.
You used to be pretty good, but now you suck.
And then that's easy.
Anybody can do that.
It's like, I'm your friend.
It's in the same category.
Only less creative.
When you agree.
At least I'm your friend.
That's creative.
Yep.
Annoying.
Dehumanizing.
Anyway, Phyllis, I was glad to hear that my email on Thursday
is giving you so much material.
My email was the one titled, Your Ratings versus Reality.
Right.
Nobody's listening.
That's right.
Cross the street.
They've got 80 trillion listeners.
They're the hot ticket.
That's why they keep up blowing people out.
I've enjoyed the past couple of shows and take quite a bit of personal pride
in being an active contributor to the show.
And we'll continue to give you a material for you to do your worst with.
Thank you.
Keep it up, Phil.
By the way, there seems to be a bit of latent rivalry or mutual disdain
between Sydney Rosenberg crants and George Osadano's supermarket.
I get up early and catched the really part of his show.
And he's always calling Sennano gay, having received his job through oral technique
and always giving him backhand accomplishments afterwards.
Always listening, sis Phil.
I've been evidently always listening over there.
This is probably from Sydney.
They like for us to talk about that.
But of course, their main topic is...
Bill Coyne.
Oh, he's lost it and he's there.
Yeah, right.
You know something.
Let me say it again.
There are only two numbers that really count.
And those are on the 10th and the 25th of each month.
All the rest is just window dressing.
Phil S.
I wonder if that's Phil Sautzman.
Says who?
Phil Sautzman.
The race caller from my good friend who used to call a race as a coder.
Oh, okay.
Are you wouldn't know him he's Jewish?
Oh.
Phil Sautzman says,
Hey, Neil, happy holidays.
Ferturities are definitely gay.
You have the Menendez brothers on your list, Phil.
The Menendez.
Now, this must be from somebody who's gay,
which leaves Phil Sautzman out.
By the way, best regards to Phil Sautzman if he's out there and still alive.
Well, he went to hospital for some kind of surgery one time and they just about killed him in there.
Don't go in the hospital, folks, unless it's like the last resort,
unless you don't plan on coming out.
Because once you go in, it's like the Roach Motil.
They check in, but they don't usually check out.
Nick says just writing to wish you a happy Haka Khan,
CH-A-K-A-K-N, I know Shaka Khan, but I don't know Kaka Khan.
Keep picking ass and don't change the thing unless you want to.
Thanks, Nick.
Love you.
Love you, love you.
Oh, I better play that, shouldn't I?
Yeah, I'm going to cry.
I love that one.
Arty left the woods.
The only atheist in Seabring.
He haven't heard from Arty in a long time.
He says, Neil, I have no suggestions to improve your show.
I have no suggestions I want to do with your money.
I have no suggestions on who to leave your money to.
I have no suggestions on who you should work for or where you should live.
I only want to thank you for a great show and have a great life.
Thanks, Arty.
You too.
In Seabring, Florida.
See in Seabring, they're nice.
That's got to be a fake email.
No, it's Arty.
I can recognize the, why do you say that?
Because he's nice.
No, Arty's for real.
Israel.
He's the only Jew in Seabring, Florida.
Poor Arty.
Ever been in Seabring?
I think so.
My old friend Johnny Meade, a commercial Mexican work in Seabring, I think.
Called me on the IOD on my 25th anniversary.
Boy, that was quite a show.
Wow.
That was a hell of a show and there were no complaints.
You lost it.
How is that polio is coming?
What we got too many names on there, two, two, two.
We got a two two.
Two two four.
He crossed the street in the book of two two.
Nothing else too high.
Yeah.
Nice book, nice trend, by the way, said, you're really doing it.
How long has he been on over there?
He has yet to throw in one real number and any trend in any book yet to throw in one real number.
But got a big stupid mouth.
You know, they, like I said, they taught, they think they can talk themselves into a listeners in a success.
Which celebrity siblings are or were your favorite all time, all time favorites, whatever that says.
Mark's brothers 46, the three stuages 38.
We got a ding-dong battle going.
Whatever that means.
I know what the last part of it is.
I don't know about the ding.
The Gib Brothers, the BG 17, the Beach Boys 14, and John and Joan Qsac 10.
What about Fred Qsac?
Oh, I'm sorry.
That'll be a good poll to do during the new year.
Favorite hockey announcer.
The biggest name.
Chris Morton is Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 5, the KELDI-UAM, the sports leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
Weeked in Morning 7-10.
Sport Radio 5-60, the KELDI-UAM, the sports leader.
Yes, bandage.
I have to am out.
Did you fear your nephew was in hell?
I feel that my nephew is not with the Lord.
Not with the Lord.
In other words, in hell.
I don't know.
I feel no one alone can be considered.
It can't find his body like a limo.
You fear that that Roman Catholic Communionist, they hate your nephew's body?
Yes, sir.
All right.
We have on the line in Van Aes here, a Roman Catholic priest on KFI-640.
Hello.
How you doing?
Good.
First of all, I put my condolences to you on the line with your nephew.
Are you a priest?
Yes, I am.
Yes.
Okay, so I just want to let you express something for you, okay?
Yes.
So this is just, you've been misinformed about the Catholic Church.
What do you eat people?
Well, if you had just hanged on, I would explain to you what I believe is.
And then you can draw your own conclusion.
But you eat people?
Let me explain what our teaching is and you draw your own conclusion.
Let the father explain, okay?
Okay, first of all, we believe that when we're in the church,
when we see communion, we receive the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Oh, oh, my God.
Well, hold on, man.
I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what our belief is.
You eat flesh and blood.
Yes, you want to look at it that way, that's fine.
Oh, my God, I want to.
Come on, I want to.
This is our belief and you draw your own conclusion.
I want to vomit.
Ma'am, you've got to let the father explain.
Well, why would I want to have you here and talk about it?
You can't listen to me.
This is my hell-raiser, like Christ, but I can't believe.
Okay, the human's are at the church, you've been missing form about what's happening to your neck.
You're talking to me.
You eat the butt, you eat the whole damn thing.
Excuse me?
Don't you eat it?
We eat the host, yes.
The host?
But he sees the whole body, you know, the man.
That's not what I said.
You said you eat the blood and the flesh.
Of who?
Oh, the man.
No, of Jesus Christ.
Oh, God, that is a blast to me.
What if you choose to believe that?
All I'm trying to do is influence my body.
You eat the whole of your flesh and form.
Do you eat the whole of booty, too?
I'm not going to answer that.
I don't understand what that means.
What does this man talk about eating the Lord Jesus?
Let him finish.
Let him just say what he has to say.
Jesus Christ is man, where Jesus took bread and breathed and broke it and said,
take this and eat it.
This is my body.
Oh, good.
And then if it's a cup of wine, you said, take and drink this is my blood.
And again, he says, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood.
Oh, my God.
This is good, Friday.
Exactly.
And you're talking about eating up on Jesus.
I've been telling you that.
I've been telling you that.
You're talking about what we believe.
You're grovin' on Jesus, ain't you?
What?
You're grovin' all over on Jesus.
If that's just a belief.
In my nest you're what about him?
Okay, ma'am, I'll say again.
I'm makin' on Jesus.
Damn Catholics.
I'm makin' on my boy.
I'm makin' on your boy.
The Catholics makin' on your boy, huh?
You were a last-minute cook.
And I'm asked if I had a butcher left lady.
And then they asked for a pregnant here.
But like some kind of Negro-smogus-borg over there.
Well, I'll tell you.
Listen, it's funny that I haven't had a piece of bread.
It's like a brother-bust or my god.
I'm mad at Florida.
Listen, father, I thank you for taking the time.
I really do.
That's true. Thank you, brother. All right. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest.
They're making all my boy like a brother. They're saying, oh, you can eat me.
What was it?
What's it called, man?
Oh, you could eat me, bro.
Oh, no. All you can eat me, bro.
Are you sure?
So I understand. W-I-O-D.
Hello.
Ticket Central.
Hello, Colonel. Have a ticket please.
To for what?
Neal just now some tickets that he's giving.
What are they for?
I guess I can't get them because I don't know what they're for.
Well, I mean, if you wanted them for free, but I mean, if you wanted them free tickets,
and you don't know what they're for, why do I just because they're free?
You want them just because they're free, and you don't even know what they're for.
They're for the horse races.
For the horse races?
They're for races in Papano.
They're for races in Papano at the Irish fest.
They're having horse races at municipal stadium.
Well, you tell me what they're for.
I want them because I have some friends out of town.
I want to give it to them.
For what? For the horse races?
I don't know what they're for.
Well, then why did you call?
You heard that magic word, didn't you?
Free, right?
Isn't that what you did?
You heard Neal say free.
Hello?
Hello?
Yes.
You want them?
Yes, I would like them if I could get them.
Hold on.
Oh, wow.
1122 at 560 WQM.
How's that?
Mailing it in.
Kevin says, well, maybe worse than people writing into critiquer make suggestions about your shows.
What I heard on the labaster show the other day.
They were explaining to the audience why your show isn't syndicated.
Oh, there are the experts on my show.
Neal this and Neal that.
Neal, Neal, Neal, Neal.
Oh, my God, it's amazing.
Keep talking.
They said because of your inside jokes and verbiage to local issues and personalities
that the rest of the country wouldn't have any idea what you're talking about most of the time.
Brilliant deduction on their part.
Yeah, brilliant deduction that I speak to the audience that understands what I'm talking about.
And since I'm only on here in South Florida, I talked to the South Florida audience that I've been talking to for 33 years.
Brilliant deduction labaster, do you more on?
Would still up to here XTC song if possible.
Don't got it.
A request not a suggestion, of course.
Happy holidays, Neal and crew, cheers, Kevin.
Don't got it, Kevin.
Thanks for the spy report.
Wayans brothers for the pool, by the way.
You got it, Wayans?
Okay.
I mean, got 40 million suggestions for that damn pool.
If we don't get 45 million votes on there, oh, and Mark and Tony E are both back with follow ups.
Remember, Mark, would this complaint mailing it in?
Okay, sure.
You don't remember that in the beginning of the show?
Not a fan.
The one of the constant one about I'm mailing it in.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
The general manager and about not putting in any effort.
I was listening to the show when you read my email.
I don't know if this is going to get some management or not.
This is one last complaint.
Yeah, likely story and guaranteed this is from what's his name?
Dan from Maryland.
And a list, a fan the same two or three people, the same malcontents and misfit.
And I'll tell you why when we get to the last sentence, please stop playing old clips of you fighting with callers.
It's only it only rises of how great you used to be.
I long for the days of Phil Henry and Neal Rogers in their prime.
Those are the days of great radio.
Well, guess what?
I long for the days when Wolfies used to be pretty good too.
It's gone.
And once it's gone, it's gone.
Dan, so quit living in the past.
And by the way, what happened to your trip to the Philippines, Dan?
Make believe just like all the rest of this crap that comes in.
Here's Tony E following up.
Remember Tony E just a couple of minutes ago?
Didn't waste any time.
Your spin was, I said you were mailing it in.
Now I didn't say that you said that.
Tony that's been said by others far more astute than you.
You don't listen too well.
I said you're incapable of being better.
You are older and not as new or youthful.
Please process the words you read.
Yeah, I'm a dottering old fool.
Okay?
I'm old.
You say it's easy for us to critique, but it's funny how everything you say is actually true about you.
It's so easy for you to just not deal with the truth.
Just deny and not deal with the truth.
It would be nice for you to admit your ratings aren't as high as suck.
Who makes up the ratings?
Okay, our ratings suck.
Only they suck less than the rest of the station, because this station is evaporating.
It's disappearing right into the thin air.
And that's not due to anyone else, but the person after whom the show is named after.
Nice grammar there, Tony.
Oh, while you're a very proud old man, I've never seen a humble Jew, so it's pointless.
And an anti-SMI too, Tony.
You're God.
You're the best.
And you have no accountability for anything you do.
Everyone else is to blame from Tony at highspeedstaffing.com.
Well, what is that?
Highspeedstaffing.com.
No idea, maybe it's a, uh, Tony that, you know, temporary people.
It's a what?
They want those temporary worker things.
Temporary worker?
Yeah, you know, like, like grape picker like that?
The biggest name.
The best.
A lot of solid grapes from New Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Manditz.
I have to do it in Sport 7.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Long me 60 dollars.
When I'm shopping I buy lots of stuff I don't need.
Master of comfort at limits I always exceed.
I go to sales and I blow lots of cash.
It makes my husband break out in a rush.
I'll buy anything if they put it on sale.
I'm so deep in there.
I might wind up in jail.
But I bought a tent and I woke me up over my downfall.
I got no choice.
I think I'll burn down more.
Every time I walk in I walk out with a bed.
Yesterday I bought runs so my boobs wouldn't sell.
I must have 85 bras in my drawers.
But at half of I can't I can't squeeze and 10 more.
I buy too much stuff because I thought no will power.
I got no closet space.
I keep choosing the shower.
Oi!
Please store so me a mouse lamp to light up my heart.
There's no other choice.
I got a burn down the moon.
I'm so happy to see you.
Nice levels on that bed.
I don't think I ever played that before.
Mark is back again.
I heard you say I'm somebody else.
I'll call him.
I got a million emails to catch up on.
I assume he was Dan from Maryland.
That's all this.
It's four hours of killing some time.
I wish we had done a good job for 100 years.
That's what it is.
It's not this guy's life.
It's not mine.
I have no life.
I'm glad I call it.
I don't need any more critiques.
I don't need any more craft.
I wish it was the 60s.
How was that?
We are where we are and you make the best of it.
That's my philosophy in life.
One day at a time.
Tina Fey is entertained over the year.
She was voted the AP entertainer over the year.
An annual honor chosen by newspaper editors and broadcasts
producers across the country.
Fey was selected by AP members as the performer
and the greatest impact on culture and entertainment in 2008.
They are absolutely correct.
The 38-year-old comedian, bested runner-up Robert Downey,
junior, who was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
He was the best actor in the world.
She was great.
She fell into a bucket of crap.
How could anybody ever dream that somebody
she could look exactly like and just amazing?
Nice going, Tina.
Here is an interesting email.
I would be willing to treat you to any New Year's party
in South Beach.
I can even get us into the party at the new nightclub,
LIV, with Sean Combs, which is officially sold out
and cost 400 bucks a person.
That's your scene, right?
Is that 54? Is that supposed to be LIV?
No idea.
Rip off on the old studio 54.
Oh yeah, that's my scene.
No thanks.
I could be willing to treat you to any New Year's party.
New Year's Eve, I do one thing smart.
I stay home.
Too many crazy people, too many drunks.
Damn God!
Too many people getting killed.
Do you shoot off fireworks when we're about to meet?
No. Fire gun.
Oh, the fake Greg Vudelle is back.
Warm, how many wishes, Neil?
Sorry, things didn't work out with serious XM.
We're still back fans of years we love you.
And I hate you.
You make me sick.
All these phony emails, the fake Greg Vudelle,
and the fake this one, and that one, and Jeremy Coleman,
and all these other losers that serious with your 12 and 13 cent
a share stock.
Good God.
Why don't they just admit that they're going under?
One of these days before the next year is out.
Before, before, next year at this time, I'm serious.
I never heard any more from Barry Jackass,
so obviously that was just a phony tease.
Massachusetts man melting snow with a blowtorch
ignites home.
Nice, good job.
Well, these are just a bunch of...
A man in New Bedford, mass using a blowtorch
to melt ice on his back porch,
ended up sitting in South Sunfire, causing 30 granted damages.
Nice going, a real rocket scientist, a real freaking genius.
Oh, here we go from Rotten.
The Neil Rogers show, dying show on a dying station,
on a dying band, A.M., on a dying medium radio.
Yeah, we're dying over here.
Happy holidays to you too, A.H.O.
How do you like that?
I'm dying on the hands.
Well, they are extra-surly.
It's all coming from across the street.
Although, you know, they're on A.M. also.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe they can put them on life.
Maybe they can be the next switch after IOD goes to FM.
So I guess all the big changes are supposed to be Friday morning?
Okay.
Well, if Barry is so sharp,
when we're going to get the inside dope from Barry,
and about those after the New Year changes across the street
from Howard Davis, his close-
Oh, the personal buddy, huh?
Come on, Barry. You're slipping. What?
I'll say, come on, Barry. Let's know what's up.
The Faker Larry King says,
Hi, Neil, happy holidays.
Listen to the Phil Henry bit right now.
This is classic.
You and Phil were the greatest.
I can't believe the lineup we had on WIOD.
What's that we?
See, there is this slip right there.
This is somebody who worked there.
This is the Faker Larry King.
We had on WIOD.
Must be, what's his name?
Maybe it's the real Larry King.
No.
Request to play more Phil Henry bits.
Do you have the one with the old lady crawling on her hands in knees?
And I don't have any other Phil Henry bits.
Long live the great Phil Henry's, Larry, the Faker Larry.
By the way, I think you're going to die this year, Larry.
I just had a psychic inspiration.
I think this is it for Larry.
And he'll die without ever paying any of those people back
that he ripped off in Miami all those years ago.
It's a long time ago, though, you know?
A lot of crap has gone on to the bridge since then.
He's probably forgotten.
Yeah, sure.
Three studios have passed the Marx brothers.
And you want to know why?
Do do do do do do.
They love Mo.
Peter says, Mary Hanukkah.
Neil, for me, you're always just as great as it was when I first heard you 92.
You're all about, you're all about all that's left from the days when radio was fun and television and creative.
You need to stay even after your contract runs out.
All the best peed and tamper.
Thanks, Pete.
And get out of that place while you still can while they're getting as good.
Here's one that's re-oil.
Let's see.
Brandon says put the Hansen brothers on the pool and know they aren't dead.
As a matter of fact, they screw their brains out, making baby after baby, in which I say, good job as long as they aren't making any music.
Well, they never did before.
Why should they start now?
The Hansen.
You got them?
I didn't know.
Oh, and then here's one from Doug and Miami, who the poll question again.
Which celebrity siblings are your favorites?
Not a list.
Not a list of siblings.
Okay.
So Doug's got the Smothers Brothers, Rick and David Nelson, the London sisters, the Andrew sisters, the McGuire sisters, the Heinz Brothers, Nicholas Brothers, or Adam and Eve.
Oh.
The best talent.
People who are new Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So the biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the D.A. Joe.
Wing Knights for the Indian to an lemon.
Here on.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports cheer.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
There are girls love my world.
They make me so fine.
They make me so fine.
They make me so fine.
They make me so fine.
They make me so fine.
We knit rises and squalls.
The surgery is twice.
That's when I take out my weight.
And it's out all night.
The concert girls love my world.
They make me so fine.
Gives me my world.
They don't wait in line to get higher in my world.
Do you get all right if I were you?
My world is empty.
And I always keep this thing in when I wash my booty.
All the girls help me.
There's up to polish my world.
There's up to make a shine.
I love my worries
I don't wait for you to give my worries
To get a kiss in my worries
The guys love the trail, take slow it inside
And all the guys on the beach want a woody like mine
It can't beat my woody
You hurt the past is every kind
You can't leave my woody
You want a woody like mine
You hurt my woody
You hurt the past is so funny
You're just a funny girl
You're just a funny girl
You hurt my woody
You hurt the past is so funny
I'm going to take a look at that line up today if we must.
I think I already did this once.
Wouldn't once have been enough.
I did.
So you ever owned one of those cars?
One of those cars?
No.
Did you?
No.
Why would you ask me that?
Well, you never know.
You were out when they were big.
Anyway, Tony eat is back again.
I'm starting to belch from it.
And you know what, Tony?
Enough.
Enough with the hate.
You didn't do this and you're better.
Go to hell.
Go find a life.
Okay, Tony.
Some of these people who have nothing going on, they think that I'm just going to sit here and continue back and forth and back and forth.
Dan from Maryland, man, a fan, same crap.
Miss Fitz, find a life, Tony.
I have no.
Just fine.
So what?
So mail came.
Yes, something came for George from.
Norma.
Norma sent him a desk calendar.
Yeah, and I he sends us those every year.
Oh, does he?
I guess I didn't notice them earlier.
Why are you acting like such a putts today?
I'm on the way out.
I don't know what you've got these two last weeks to show you know you're too asked to the world and you're doing it.
I thought you had something important, something earthshaking there.
Something came from Norma in the mail.
I thought maybe it was like a check for like a million bucks.
I don't know.
You want me to open it and say that we could sign a rent.
I know.
If you know it's the calendar, I know exactly what it is.
Do I want you to open it?
What a yenta.
Oh my God.
I think your Tony E say what?
You're the one.
You're a fan.
You're Dan from Maryland.
Your Tony E lifeless.
I think the answer is got a good point.
Tony 85 votes on the poll.
What would we have in the first one?
It oh five.
I think it'll.
Yeah.
Yeah, it'll five and twenty five.
Here's one.
Well, I sure got a lot of emails today.
I guess making up for yesterday because they don't want me to mail it in again.
I was fully planning on mailing in maybe tomorrow and Friday we can mail it in no Thursday.
No show on Christmas day.
I'm going to be a bigger part of Tony and for Jesse Jesse in the Bush and Spectre.
What's the guy's name Brian?
Irv Spectre.
See.
Arlen Spectre.
They used to be a guy not Phil Spectre, but they used to be guy in W.I.S. and New York
100 years ago.
Disjockey.
His name was Spectre.
Only in New York could a guy get away with being on a year with a name like Spectre.
Jack Spectre.
Is that it?
You wouldn't know.
Now, somebody has some old cool, although some New Yorker.
Mario S's thank you for Neil for staying fresh and entertaining.
In spite of fat ass Jolly Joe, continually trying to murder the institution that is
the New Yorker show, you remain steadfast to make the work that easier just by being
you.
I first got one of your show for my brothers in the mid 90s when I was still a young
punk in middle school.
I never got the opportunity to become a regular listener until I got a job in 2004 and
never looked back.
Unfortunately, that's around the same time they took the fart sounds away.
As a fairly new listener, I greatly appreciate listening to old calls and bits so I can
know the history of the greatest radio show.
Keep up the great job.
Chris will be missed.
Anything else Robin?
It says?
Yes, a couple of shameless requests.
Rapping Bible in the phone call where the bird is told to show up and play anything.
Thanks, Mario.
A fan for life.
He has no complaints.
You're better, you're old, bad.
Thank you, Mario.
Yeah, even Mario's kissing your ass.
How do you like that?
Now, one of them was what?
The rapping Bible.
Oh, and then the Lord.
How do you do that?
Like magic.
Let there be light and Lord.
There was light from the same people who brought to the much beloved talking Bible comes
a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Yes, it's on rapping Bible.
There was dark everywhere than the man said.
Light and the light was there.
He said, I've done good.
There's no doubt.
On the seventh day, he just chilled out.
Genesis.
Genesis.
Beginning of that.
Beginning of this.
Finally, the good book is bad.
And just where it is.
Not there.
Check it out.
There's a town called Sodom and Dora.
Everybody's like no tomorrow.
God's a downside.
Now my fault.
Don't look back or you turn to song.
That's why it took a beat.
Started to freak.
The cow came up and lick her sheep.
Take a lick, y'all.
I'll beat y'all.
Imagine all the songs, all the parables.
Every sacred biblical word interpreted by the finest sucker emcees of all time.
Genesis.
Exemptance.
To the wrong.
The rapping Bible.
Making his word trash.
Again.
If you missed the Neil Rogers show yesterday on 610 W I O D, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, do me a favor, play anything.
Because I can't stand listening to you.
You start like a dude.
Do it.
Do me a favor, play anything.
Well, can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh, God.
You sound so stupid.
I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
You're not just to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh, God, can't stand it.
Well, then why are you listening?
Oh, play something already.
Why won't you answer me?
Oh, God, can't stand it.
You won't see.
He won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Oh, yeah, we got a car here.
Let's blow it up.
Let me bet you wanted 560 WQM.
There's your requests.
I think I've been pretty generous with all these requests, including some that quite frankly,
I'd need to hear again.
Like that one.
But nevertheless.
Here is one that's going to make you just, I don't know whether you're going to giggle
or have a repeat of your puking performance.
Were you puking?
No.
Oh, from the other end?
Yes.
Chris had a little ill in the last night.
He had some problems.
Is that too personal?
No, no, that's all good.
Oh.
John says, how can listeners like me get together with other listeners?
Oh, I'd like to meet the Omni-er-Frang guy.
We can get together, discuss the day's show and then talk about our favorite Neil Moments
of all time.
This would be great.
We can form a fan club and go around the strangers on the street, try to convert people
to listen to your show.
Now, we don't believe that here at QM.
We don't want any new audience, okay?
We're having difficulty holding on to the old audience, which is dying off anyway.
We don't want to go out there and get any new audience for this show or any show on WQM.
That would be too much like for a motion.
Perhaps we can get together on Sundays and go outstounds asking people if they've accepted
Neil God into their lives.
This would be great.
I think what John is really trying to say in short is, keep those emails coming from
across the street by the way, they're really dynamite.
Oh, I'm so upset.
I'm so disperated with all these.
Yeah.
I can give a crap less as long as they keep killing the time, man.
It's all I care about.
We're mailing it in.
Chris is just dropping a line to say happy holidays.
Thanks for all the entertainment this year.
Mary Christmas to George and Chris and Paco also.
How do you like that?
Very nice.
Here's one from Larry.
Well, I sure got a pretty good pile here.
We got a lot more yesterday was deadly.
Now what's the difference between yesterday and today?
It was Monday.
No, seriously, what is the difference?
I don't know.
I've got a stack of stuff here.
I got more stuff in my hand right now than I had the whole four hours yesterday.
They felt bad for yesterday.
They felt bad for yesterday.
They're making up for today.
Is that what it is?
God of me.
Maybe they're getting upset because of that early email from a mark.
And then the follow-ups all gladly call in.
Oh, I bet you would.
You jackass.
You miss fit.
Oh, but you're this and I'm going to call the management and tell them you're mailing
it in.
What a moron.
What a simple thing.
Assuming of course there really is such a person which obviously there is not.
See that that's the one saving grace of most of these hostels.
They're all from the same people.
Here's one from the fake Adam Kirschner.
Enjoying your show today.
Do you have any Rick and Suds bits?
How about drive home with us today?
Happy Hanna-Kamerik Christmas.
Happy New Year.
I don't know if this is the real Adam Kirschner or the fake one.
Drive home with us today.
No, got it.
I don't got it.
The only Rick and Suds thing I ever play is that that was their one of their droppings.
I stalled it.
But at least I tell you when I stalled it.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Oh, and also another droppin' I stalled from Dan LaBaster.
Roy!
I stalled that for you.
Roy!
Right?
Mm-hmm.
So what about that Brady Quinn, huh?
Hey, Brady!
You fairy!
I guarantee you that's what the other guy, he made some kind of remark.
You know what I mean?
Probably some kind of...
Not a pretty good enough.
Yes, it up from self.
But he didn't.
He got punched in the push.
But he didn't punch back.
I don't know.
They deny it ever happened.
Neil, how about a Star Direct Christmas?
What is that?
Is it really such a bit of Star Direct, Star Direct Christmas?
Let me look.
And all those Christmas things all jammed up in there together, which you know I'm not
playing that too many of them today.
We played them all into the ground.
Shatner warps Christmas.
No.
I don't think there is such a thing.
Starcross lovers.
Star date with William Shatner.
Star Jones, wait.
Star Trek and Star Wars.
Star Trek, uh, Kenny Stone.
Star Trek wives.
Star Trek lost episode.
My generation.
Star Trek, a masturbation.
Star Wars.
There's no such bit.
Also, it says, thanks for playing Toss Us Too Wide.
I'll see you that day from a Jewish bakery in Chicago at least 10 years ago.
Thanks, Larry.
Happy Chenuka to you, by the way.
I love the show and really respect what you do day to day, week to week.
I also really enjoy the bedtime stories.
You've totally changed my attitude about life and the people in it.
Love you and George Larry.
Doesn't say anything about you, Tubby.
Oh, uh.
He asked my only problem now is I've become an angry old man at 60 watching the
bastards run our country and the world.
Well, uh, runner should say, ruum.
Well, both.
Got a depression coming, okay?
Let's hear it.
Do the best we can.
Got a depression.
Stir up on the old, low, subred.
Put them in the refrigerator so they don't get stale.
Right?
Mm-hmm.
And make sure you get the rat traps out so the rats don't eat whatever spare food we got left over.
It's going to be a depression.
You think people are surly and nasty now just wait?
Oh, just wait.
The best talent.
You don't have no rejects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a four-letter day.
Where are it beaded 12 to 1 hour on WQAM?
Hey, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Look at who that is.
Everybody look at who that is.
Lord, Lord, look at who that is.
That is where the T wins.
He's a racing winner.
Race around the Miss Guard at his.
The race driver that never wins.
That he wins, he wins.
Mm-hmm.
Now see here are new kids.
They call me Mr. Riggs.
Oh, one day soon I'll win a race.
Ain't my rocket, idiot.
Oh, well, hey, baby.
You sure look fine today.
Uh-huh, Mr. Riggs.
Did you win the race?
Oh, well, I came in and started this place.
Well, you're up yourself, so we're going to play.
Well, get that on him.
How's about a date?
I'm going to hang on a date last chance.
Not as you keep coming in last.
That's why you don't go out with me.
You ain't too slow.
You can't compete.
Well, I may be slow on the street,
but I shall be fast on my feet.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh, Mr. Riggs.
Uh-huh, Mr. Riggs.
Someone of your own."
Headdadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadadaadadadadadadadadadaadadadadadadadadadadad
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Get off me when the blood dark barons
You get so tired childhood
Okay, got a couple of you got a whole pile of stuff here. How do you like that? I was gonna play this
But I'll wait till the break
Haven't heard that in a long long time. Mm-hmm. Oh
Wait a minute
John said oh my god
Anything with mole do it according to John
I still don't understand what what all happened yesterday as opposed to today
Monestana halal a la haza
The only thing I think was that it was Monday and people hate Monday. Is that what it was?
I can think of oh here's Tony E back again. I knew it. It's from defake Dan La Bastard
And then it says I hate Dan La Bastard
My name is Dan. I couldn't earn a living writing. So now I'm a professional apologist for black folks on the ticket ticket ticket
Because they've been oppressed for years
Portio and why do you people rejoice when OJ has been set off and done wrong?
Oh, you got to have a heart besides our station is so great that
We're completely changing it around and blowing it up to make it even greater
I might even start liking white people you never know love the fake Dan La Bastard. See that's Tony E. I told you
Tony's totally fake
Tony loves me hate stand La Bastard though probably is Dan La Bastard. I don't know and I don't care. Just keep the crap coming
So Dan doesn't like white people?
No
Didn't know like he likes he'll holios though after all we won the World Series not nothing at Marlins
I'll never get over that as long as I live you know what that reminds me about on a I'm obviously much smaller level
It's like the 4,000 American troops that got killed in Iraq based on all these lies based on all this
phony intelligence and
And nobody seems to care about it
It's like oh well too bad, you know and all the hundreds of thousands of Iraqis who are dead too
By the way, if you people been doing the showing this throwing the shoe at Bush
I hope so it's right under the pool. Oh did you hear about the the shoe?
So I can make those shoes no, I think it's a Turkish company. I somehow they found out who made the shoes
They said their business is like double
Since everybody found out about them because they want to order the same shoes
Well, thank God it wasn't those God awful Bruno Mali shoes like OJ said he didn't wear
And then remember they had the pictures of OJ at some ballgame wearing the all of them O Ali shoes on the side
I'm yeah
Now what was I just saying before you interrupted me so grow testly?
I was someone's email or something no, yeah, some stupid email. Oh, we're talking about a Dan and the Trumps and stuff
Oh no, so the thing about the
Levant one the Cubans won the World Series that that was that was such an ethically obnoxious
Remark how anybody could get away with that and he you know everybody just skated right on by
I
Like to read it. It's just like this what probably not many people read it
That's true was in the hero
Carol and Ian say if you interrupt me one more time. I'm coming down there with a shotgun with a blender bus
You're just I mean you know you're doing a great job this week in fact George
You know if he comes back fine if not maybe we can find another job for you. Well, thank you. It's just a joke
That's just a joke somebody's gonna say oh George Niels disson you want the air of
You know how these bastards are of course that was great from Tony E
Who obviously hates Dan La Vassier. Well send him some emails, okay?
Carolyn Ian say in spite of working with two hands tied behind your back and one foot of Joe and Joyce's ass
We still enjoy the entertainment and your take on current events
We've listened for 30 odd years in pop it on later in Australia
Scotland, Germany and in Hamilton just down the road a Hamilton boy you guys sure gets some nice weather almost as good as Buffalo
Thank you for all these great memories and main lives our best wishes for healthy 2009 many more Carol and Ian and same to you guys
Thank you. How do you like that very nice the subject says oh?
Carlos says boy, I just I you know something this I got a pile now might take me to a climb
Although maybe Chris wants to do one to himself. He sounds like he's wound up with a lot of material today. That's okay
You sure I'm sure I want to do the one to two hour. That's okay
Now you this is before your time when Wednesdays
We used to do the one to two hour play comedy but it's every Wednesday on this station the algorithm for my time
Isn't that amazing? I think I remember listening to it though and it's amazing that a people listen to it and be that we got away with it
That was really mailing it in this is mailing it. It's the frickin holidays for crying out loud. What the hell do you people expect?
Oh jeez you got to put together a great show and entertain us Neil and get up on the counter there and jump up and down
Yeah
Carlos says happy holidays so when is five sixty gonna advertise your station again? They're not I thought you guys had balls
Yeah, we did but we lost them
I know who you are, but to someone who do you read how they supposed to know about the station they're not I
Thought those old ads with you dressed up as the Pope were great if someone is slipping through the paper watching TV and see some crazy
Guide dressed up as the Pope you know they might just tune in to see what he's got to say
I
Also remember back when you were on W.I.O.D. We would go to Joe Robbie Stadium every time they played the place stopped in the football game
We're in ending ended
W.I.O.D. would run spots in the stadium at the end of the ass end of the spot and there was you screaming
Can we get a park bench at least a bench a roadway billboard something?
I see that power 96 is ads up all over the place
Yeah, but that's because they got money they got millions and millions and Zidians because they're on FM
And they got a big ass young audience and they're sucking money over there. I think aren't they don't you think?
Mm-hmm. They're sucking anyway
By the way that 790 pull is a joke says Carlos you can vote on the polls many times as you want
So I'm sure the ass hats over there are voting 100 times a day like they did with a Harold polls
They get 60,000 votes a day my ass maybe more like 1.9 votes a day boys
They're talking in the good game. They don't play the game. They taught it's like the Browns, you know
Cleveland Brown Zidian come on say we're gonna win the NFL championship
We're gonna win the Super Bowl next season. We're just in a rebuilding mode right now that Romeo Craneel
When it helps you gonna get his dumbass fired in one week God he's pathetic
By the way that email is one of my favorite words what that emailer used one of my favorite words. What's that?
Oh, ass hat. Yeah, I'm not sure you better call up Joyce and see if we can say ass hat
I know we can't say ass that
Can't say ass that but we can say ass hat
Anyway, it says I was screwing around on the YouTube website. I found a nice attorney version of Knights and White Sutton. Oh, I don't want that
Happy holidays. They said go team go. We love the panthers. They're really great. We love the panthers
They're doing pretty good considering this ring. They got a cheap ass little league coach
And considering J. Volmiss to his daddy said he won't be here next year anyway
He says oh, I don't even understand how they have a team in South Florida. And you know what daddy?
Needed to why I have no idea how a town that is so hockey not just not just hockey conscious
But hockey hostile hostile how they can have an NHL team
We had that one year with a rats and it was all all like almost everything else in South Florida make believe airs
Odds bandwagon jumpers
Everybody running around with the rats. We love the panthers and I don't have that to the song. Sorry. Somebody want me to play that?
Oh, here's the Leafs in Atlanta
N.H. D. Can you want to listen to it in HD sure what
Final score Toronto six Atlanta two last night any interest. No. Oh
Well, we've won six out of seven any interest no 34 points any no just in polgay played his first NHL game in goal
I said I try to make believe and one six to two played damn good any interest no
Oh, sorry
Okay, let's get back to business
David says as Judy Garland would sing have yourself a merry little Christmas make the UL tide gay
Happy holidays to you and George thanks for the laughs to break some some serious monotony. Oh, this is from Dave the cop
As for your poll the Horowitz brothers better known as the Howard brothers
But oh, no, no, no, they're they're under and you're leading the pack
Moe Shempin Curly were the three wise men the Bible spoke of says Dave the cop thanks Dave
The three wise men
Moe
Here's about the other two there was only Moe
At least in his mind
There is only one remember that line in the exercise mm-hmm
There is only one that was father Marin what a great actor he was
Since you're already taking requests anything with mobile do it says
Also, I'm wondering if you could do me a favor when you read the ratings
I looked on the internet wanted to see what the ratings were here in Palm Beach we don't get the Palm Beach ratings
I have no idea from Bob and Tom against cash to no balls and all fat Ron
I couldn't make heads or tails or what I found
I was amazed at the upbeat attitude that tubby displays led of his impending layoff unless of course
He's smarter than we think and realizes. He's leaving vis-lead. He's not
He's not leaving. He's gonna be on the weekends. He'll be around to be on a ballgame. He'll be
Looking clearances boots. He will be missed. I'm sure he's eating Georgia's share of the food as we speak
There is no food correct. So I get that what are you gonna like worth?
Thanks John Lakeworth
Robert who is this somebody?
Oh the things one sees
Select the starting line up go to boat.nhl.com to cast your boat. Oh, yeah, let's get all the make believes on the all-star team right
Um, what is this?
The things one sees ever been a situation where you wish to remember and throw your camera in your bag
You're quite safe in the knowledge that without verifiable proof nobody would actually believe what was uh you witnessed
I had such an occasion very late last evening on the mean streets of North Miami. How I wish I'd carried my camera
The husband and I eventually went out in the bombing south-foto night around one a.m. To retrieve the progeny
Who were flying into Miami International from the for frozen tundra?
We're located much closer to Fort Lauderdale
But given airfare this time near Miami, which much cheaper alternative
Given the weather nightmares that are occurring all across the continent the boys flight was about an hour behind its schedule arrival
And as soon as we found ourselves trend
traversing the still busy Miami roadways at the Sungodly hour
Oh, there's a Lexi-Ponukarowski. Hey come on over Lexi. We'll have some lunch. I'll eat
It's truly unbelievable to me what can be done on one a.m. We could have eaten any number of drive-ins
Dives shopped at the local Walmart for those last minute and then then it ends
So I have no idea what happened, but it just it just ends
Do you understand that? Nope. That's the end of the email
Jojurard
Says how about the original sometimes I feel
Or don't pull our man. What what what is that? Oh don't pull out man. I'm sure can't play that
How about the carpenters for crying out loud on the pool. Thank you so much whoever sent that in
Can you believe that and I never got an update from Barry jackass?
Barry you're slipping man. You got nothing
What that was that
Was what that just chopped off you didn't hear that oh yeah, I forgot to put the elitir at the end too. Oh
neon god
Nice work, Tommy
Your friends the way will back you all the way
You're right
When you think of all the benefits you're getting
Life will be sweeter when you pet your heater
Carry a license to be deadly come on and join today
It's the American way to be a member of the NRA
You're more
Come on and join today and you'll be proud to say you're a member of the NRA
560 WQAM presents now see here with Mo Howard David and
Now all you sport holes out there grab your paint. I'm gonna talk sports see
Who's come for for the people
Jim hot away or men or local men
Who come more for a beauty of sport hole February
Tim hot away or Alan Zeus. Here I am hello
That would be Alan's
You know who that is
I have a great sports bag. I'll be back with more after this morning. What are your malgamed golf ball?
After a long day on the golf course dressed daily in color so bright it would embarrass a circus clown
You need to reaffirm your manhood with a good slice
Nothing improve your game more than nice
shiny balls. Yes, so this Danny little machine
Washing your balls spikenspan
Handed it's swollen up to carry around the new checkered pants
It gives your balls a lick and that'll improve your swing
The amalgamated golf ball washer. That's in my name when you buy one
You get it for the regular price. All right. I want all your sport holes and think about this for the next
Full-stung ball for a game community Lance Russell who is married to Joey Harrington or Donna Meachy
When did the telephone I got one of them out no fangled. Oh what do you call it?
Websites now so you can reach me to air it there
double you double you
You that double you that
What did you know
Trump 20 at 560 WDQ I am
How come you didn't put the carbony's on the pool? Oh, I pulled us you know why cuz you were busy
Bapapapapapapa just to go in Apech mid I guess you know see what happens carbony's
Well, he's running out of time on a show. He wants to make hey wildly a son plus now. He's the big bedtime story guy on a website
Mm-hmm did cordless ever come in?
He came in he said he heard you talking about on the air and he was laughing so yeah
Slacker while he's got he's busy, you know
Beasy young guy he's got to get drunk
Get laid and get made in the shade. He's busy
Gotta go out with clearance and they go have lunches and dinners with Joe Bell you know things like that
Anyway, Joe says the A-hole that tells you how great the Philippines is must be trailer trash
I still have nightmares from being over there over a year ago
It's full of poverty homeless of all ages all the water is contaminated raw sewage in the streets pack them a salami sandwich
So he'll leave it to paradise
Thanks Joe
Yeah, he's going to Maryland my act to yeah, Maryland
Dan from Maryland. He's in the Philippines, right. He's also a fan. He's also probably a whatever that got Mark
all the same people
But I'll be glad to call in
Here's one that says is a true story how I found your show
Back in the 1980s I was driving my small Honda Civic almost got hit head on by some old lady and a big Lincoln continental
Still shaken by the experience I fumbled for the radio
Must have hit the AM button by accident and there you were talking about the old people in Helen Dale and they're driving
I've been listening ever since
Just the other day was in a gas station of McDonald's the guy in line in front of me asked for parliament lights
And a few seconds later I heard McDonald's workers say they were in charge of the freaking fries
Happy holidays. How do you like that?
There ain't no freaking fries play jack in the box. Why don't you know? No? No
if you tell me I ought to play that then you're fired. I won't
You won't tell me that because you don't want to hear it either do you?
It's whatever it is what it is. It was it was funny once. Mm-hmm once. Oh Tony is back
haha
Tony is back with a contribution for the pull Beyonce and her sis
Does your sis have a name
I don't know. You don't even know. Well, you're you're a square is a cardboard box. Sorry. I mean, I'm out of touch because I'm 180 years old. So why the hell not?
349 votes on the poll not too shabby. If each of these people voted a thousand times, we'd have like 34,900 votes.
Like across the street. Now what do we have on the first one eight something 805 805 and 349 is 11 of 54. Wow.
We're going to make 1200 for the day. Then they will fear us. Now I think the most accurate email I got all day was from a Johnny Rottener.
Whoever the like ones rotten somebody rotten. Well, we've had a lot of people rotten today, but the one that said dying show on a dying station and dying medium.
AMRAID or that's true. Who's been to one person has been honest enough to say AMRAID or was finished years ago. I told you that it's over.
And we've been hanging on and hanging on. Who do you know who this is the AMRAID or me? Anybody else? Me. Nobody.
No. I mean, I love the single quality. That that always helps. You know, you won't hear that everywhere on the dial, but on 560, especially if you're like in the garage, you know, when you turn on the car on a garage and you try and punch up 560.
You won't hear that everywhere else.
Lawrence says Mark seems to forget about the good old days for those callers is that those callers have been replaced by I'm your friend in the high run and all these Maronic chronics.
And if Mark really exists, seems to have joined them in other one trick pony. Yeah. Anyway, here's an idea or suggestion, not a programming instruction. Maybe on the day or the day before the inauguration, you could play the best of them on all the bush bashing bits.
Since once Obama's president, they'll become less relevant. No, they'll always be relevant. Larry, as long as you're taking me question along those lines, I don't know the name, but there's an Eric Idol song regarding Bush at all. If you could play that would be just swell.
Well, begins with an F. Right. I think it's called his a little number. I wrote the other day without duck hunting with a judge.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
I want to write.
I want to die.
I'm not going to smell it, track you. But unlike the sack you still got such a.
I feel just like that you are my brother. And when you do another. That's why you're still not buying.
I want to show.
1232 at 560 W. Kim haven't played that one in a long time much too long. I think tomorrow as part of our mailing it in will play all the mobs.
I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids.
I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids.
I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids.
I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids.
I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids. I'm not going to be playing with the kids.
I believe he's dead. What do you mean you believe he's dead? Do you believe in magic? What are you talking about?
How magic doing the trend by the way? Who cares? Now that our buddy Rick Shaw is over there do we care about them? No, we don't care. Although you're worried about that loser Bob Hamilton that was a good move didn't they?
Who knows and who cares? Magic. Like FM is like something you're excited about. Okay, so it sounds better but the craft, the FM is swill in South Florida. It's an embarrassment.
Here's one from Eric and Tamrak who says sitting here enjoying with my mother enjoying your show we have a favorite celebrity sibling and she'll be either your pull. How about the berry sisters?
Oh, it says who the hell are the berry sisters? Must have been some old Jews or something who would you ever hear the berry sisters? The only berry I can think of right now is how they bury.
I don't know if she has a sister so no, it's not spelled that way and definitely not Schwarzen. The berry sisters must be like the Andrew sisters no doubt only nobody ever heard of the berry sisters.
Eric says I guess you'd say I have no life I listen way in radio. Thanks Eric. That's not our Eric. That's a real Eric in Remy like a real guy.
1235 and I still I still got a pretty good pile here. You know what? This is the way it's supposed to be with these emails every day not just once in a while not just a Arab Chanukah or whatever.
Not just Arab Christmas. Oh, brother.
I already voted for the Mars Brothers since your list is so long I suggest the Andrew sisters see what did I say you have to be a hundred years older.
Remember the Andrew sisters for your information will be leaving Miami after 30 years for Arlington Virginia. Oh no, Abingden Virginia what else Abingden in the spring for the same reasons others are getting the hell out of South Florida.
Why Abingden it's a small town 9000 in the Appalachian foothills were the two lane main drag has a speed limit of 25 miles an hour.
Good luck to you Larry and Kendall are landing. I'm not funny. I'm dead. What I'm not funny. I think about him. Why did you say he was dead? No, I saw something I was talking about.
He's going to be honored. I'm talking about like you know death but it was something totally different.
Oh Johnny Depp says like a candle for me tonight. Can you play the dead lobster but the fake Johnny Depp. Do we have dead lobster dead lobster? No.
I don't think it's called dead lobster. Is it? I don't know. Well, how about this one?
You've waited you've dreamed I can't wait and now it's finally back. Yeah and this shrimp at red lobster. I had 73 shrimp. I had 114 shrimp all the shrimp you can eat.
I'm going to hurl it mom's purse. I had 200 shrimp right now. I'm allergic to shrimp only at red lobster.
That's not the one he wants but that's what that'll do for now. Here's one from Fred who says Fred and Boca.
Neil you're a sour lemon today. Did you eat hard leftover jelly donuts this morning? What does that mean?
There is no way to please this crowd man. There's no I think I'm doing just fine. Especially considering all the negativity and the hostility.
I think I'm doing pretty damn good for an old fart. You're a sour lemon. Is it today Neil? You're just a screw you Fred.
Of course you're in Boca so I understand. All the old Jews who fled from Miami Beach who got pushed out by the Cubans they all moved to Boca and all I can say about that is.
By the way best of holiday greetings to chicken neck our good close personal friend. I don't appreciate it. He thinks he's he's very appreciated by me.
Of course once that new deal kicks in in January well. I think Chris is going to be paying him talent fees.
Why not? You're going to begin all that big bucks from posting the bedtime stories. What?
Oh and here's one about a really good movie too. Just to know to you about a Woody Allen movie I never I saw two or three times because there's a real hot guy in it.
British actor I can't think of his name match point. With Scarlett Johansson. It says I watched it before I knew he directed it was stunned to see it was his and I liked it.
Tennis and upper class press become the background movie I've seen it match point look up the movie IMDB. Donovan Reese Myers. That's the guy. Wow.
Very rarely will you ever see a British guy look that good I mean he looks like a real guy. Really really.
I'll actually Irish he's what Dublin Ireland. Dublin Ireland what was where he was born so what does that mean.
I said almost never when you see an Irish guy look like that Irish generally like pasty you know.
Pasty and got that like park bark like Prince Harry. He's got that ruddy reddish pasty of record complexion.
Also the best western all time is the outlaw Josie Wales George is right I watch it every time it comes on TV.
A lot of great lines and that people quote it all the time. Never seen it don't watch westerns.
Then it says the Godfather when Frankie Pantangely lets Michael off the hook before the congressional hearing I feel it's because he realizes he's made a serious mistake and thinking that Michael tried to kill him.
His brother oh my god you talk about lack of understanding Larry his brother from Italy is in the audience with Michael is a sign of respect message to Frankie about Michael his brother doesn't look worried or scared are you kidding me.
The message is they got his brother don't you understand and you'll do what we tell you to do or your brother sleeps with the fishes.
Can you believe this. Some people just don't know. I mean so obvious.
Later Frankie also agrees to commit suicide as a friend not someone who is a pissed off and angry.
Correct because otherwise his family is going to get taken care of the wrong way not the right way.
Boy Larry you're a little bit slow.
What do you think after all his he was set up with that this the message. Oh Larry you better watch it again 20 30 40 times.
Take note. Take note.
I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I think I
think I think I'd be ashamed. I'd be ashamed I'd be ashamed.Life had my confidence I'd be ashamed I'd be ashamed.ota I'd be ashamed Moore was laughs withyi
MarineHop Jurassic outraged
Oh
The tall young
Lesson
Make a sleazy book of your family's name
Oh, God, don't go in there.
You hear my stomach, my boy?
Oh, it's my boy!
I got a little back to my ass.
Oh, my God!
People heading home from work late one night when they fall
The fine and the bad food light.
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl
And the next thing you know, they started to hurl.
And Taco Bell!
This stomach started to blow.
And Taco Bell!
A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
It's causing all of this diarrhea.
But non-level sick are going to die.
They've just got a bad case for E. coli.
From Taco Bell!
This stomach started to blow.
It's not going to help.
A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
It should have skipped the damn chalupa.
You might not have made but super.
Next time you pass the signs they know.
Even though it's grilled.
So it's good to go.
Lots of people got sick and wish that they owned a gun.
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the barn.
The pain from the crans they felt deep in their gut.
So next time they'll just go to pizza.
Not Taco Bell!
This stomach started to blow.
From Taco Bell!
A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
It doesn't look like you're not night-lapse.
Right, Cubby? Just about, yeah?
It must have been the curse of the case of D.R.
You got 400-200, so our second holiday.
Not too bad for a Crabby Old Coot.
402 and what?
We got over 1200 votes in the two polls.
That is really, that is revolutionary.
I bet you they're going to be writing about that in the Wall Street urinal.
Serious down to 12 cents a share.
Well, and then a shame I didn't, you never got to work on that thing?
Mm-hmm.
I'm sure that they're just dying.
Not dying for me to be there.
Just dying.
Which celebrity siblings are or were you all time favorites?
The three stooges, a hundred.
That past the marks brothers like they were laying out.
Marks brothers 68, both of which are an age thing.
You know, old, old.
That's our audience, baby.
That's who this is, AM radio, old, farce, like me.
The Gib brothers, the BG-31,
Boy, it's sure a big drop off between the stooges and the marks.
The Beach Boys 20, John and Joan Q. Sac 17,
the Kennedy Brothers 16.
What do they record?
The Jackson's 11, Peyton and Eli Manning 10.
Strange dudes, really strange.
Owen and Luke Wilson 10, Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estive as 10.
The Everly Brothers, Don and Phil gave me a thrill, nine.
Don and Riosman 9, Jeff and Bob Bridges 8.
And a Serena and Venus, William 7.
Jason and Justine Bateman 60, Olsen 26.
The Wayans Brothers 5.
James Arnessem Peter Graves 5.
The Baldwin Brothers 5.
Carpenter's 4.
We apologize for putting them on late.
Who cares?
The Black Crow is Chris and Rich Robinson 4.
Jane and Peter Fonda 4.
Brittany and Jamie Lynn Spears 4.
Julian Eric Roberts 4.
Boy, I can't stand him.
He's creepy, you know what I mean?
You know who that is?
I believe so, yeah.
He always plays a creepy character as he's a creepy guy.
I don't think he has to act too much.
Paris and Nikki Hilton 4.
Dennis and Randy Quay 3.
I'm reading them all, by the way.
Almost everybody's got at least a vote.
Okay.
Slian.
Okay.
I have your approval.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Slian Franks DeLone 2.
Liam and Noel Gallagher Roy O'Waisses 2.
Joaquin River and Summer Phoenix 2.
Princess Summerfall Winter Spring.
Remember that from Howdy Duty?
Of course not.
Cleore Bell, Mr. Bluster.
I heard about him.
Anne Landers and Deer Abbey 2.
Hillary and Haley Duff 2.
Jessica and Ashley Simpson 2.
The Hanson Brothers got one.
Nick and Rula Shea 1.
Nick.
The Jonas Brothers 1.
John Allen Travolta 1.
Nick and Aaron Carter got one.
Between them, they got one.
Jake and Maggie Gillinhal 1.
Donnie and Mark Wahlberg 1.
Shirley McLean and Warren Vady 1.
No votes yet for Joan Fontaine and Olivia The Hablin.
You have to be older than Dust to remember them.
Audrey and Jane Meadow was none.
That's surprising.
Audrey was the talent.
Jane was Meredith Steve Allen.
That was her claim to fame.
Audrey was on the Jackie Gleason on the Honeymooners.
Even you remember that.
You know what?
Not really.
You remember the Honeymooners?
Jackie Gleason, Audrey and I have seen it.
I have never watched the whole episode.
I don't think but why not?
Because it was old.
David and Sean Cassidy, I guess the guy with the eyes must have croaked.
So Roger Ebert is not the dead we apologize.
Maham again, he is full of crap.
I told you I was really dubious about that.
You know when we get it from him.
David and Sean Cassidy have zero.
Also zero for Keith and Dave B.
David Caradine, Kelly and Jack Osborne,
the Archette Brothers and Sisters, the Gonsum Ishbaha,
Robin Chadlow and Venon Casey Affleck have none.
Well that's a bit I haven't played in a long time.
One moment please.
Here it is.
No, the Affleck casting call.
All right Tom Broca.
But I have better not.
There's a little, I don't know.
Something we can't do anymore.
Yeah.
Well I mean it's borderline.
Back in the day we could play and we played it a lot.
But back in the day we could do a lot of things.
But now, uh uh.
When it doubt, leave it out.
Leave it out.
How about that story yesterday about Michael Jackson's going to croak?
Wouldn't that be something we have a party?
You're so mean.
You're so mean.
Like OJ, he got off the first time for the two murders.
But then he got nailed for this Mickey Mouse heist that they did in Vegas.
And he's going to be in there a long, long time.
Probably croak before he gets out.
Maybe somebody will do them in like Jeffrey Dahmer.
And now the same thing with Michael Jackson.
He got off the hook with that ridiculous, uh, phony, trolley head.
Real celebrity death.
I thought you might have known about.
Michael Jackson was just found in a pool of vomit.
Too bad since John.
How do you like that for psychic?
Another phony obituary.
But that's something.
Mm hmm.
Wow.
That was amazing.
This guy is stuck.
Okay.
Seven step drop.
Oh, yeah.
What he really means is.
There's a guy he sucks.
Okay.
Seven step drop.
Why does he say that?
I don't know.
Next time you see him punch him in his penis face and just Joe, why do you say seven step drop?
I'll get right on that.
It's like like a girls thing.
You know, like, I don't get it.
Sounds so juvenile.
So un, I don't know.
This guy says you have the right to mail it in.
You've earned it, but please don't thanks.
Oh, let's go stop bugging me.
Okay.
You bug me, man.
You bug me.
You ought to be the bug man.
I think we're mailing in the one to two hour.
A couple of, I never got these obits on the beginning.
That's because nobody ever heard of these guys.
Koi Bacon.
Defensive lineman was named the three pro bowls.
Died at 66.
He was the best past Russia I ever saw.
He had a very nimble body for guys size.
Since the netting Bengals radio aintless Dave Lapton set up the 6-4271.
Koi Bacon.
Playfully then LA Rams as well as for the chargers, Bengals and Redskins.
Name the three pro bowls during his 14 year career.
Died Monday to Soma and Ironton I.O.O.
He was 66.
Caused it.
That's not reported.
He just died.
You know what I mean?
He'd one morning.
He got up and he didn't get up.
Yep.
Dave Graham died at 68.
Trailblazing British guitarist.
Remember Dave Graham?
No.
Never heard of him.
Dave Graham.
A Trailblazing British guitarist.
A folk in blues when flown such performers as Paul Simon and guitarist Jimmy Page of
Led Zeppelin died a lung cancer December 15.
He was 68.
Graham's guitar instrumental Angie became a standard among the coffee house guitarist of the
60s.
His records were rarely available in the US.
Yet the song was covered on the Simon and Garfunkel album Sounds of Silence and an earlier
version by the English folk guitarist Bert Janch.
Kind of a name and say Janch.
Dave Graham, although he was a claimed among his peers, his eclecticism posed a marketing
dilemma for record companies and booking agents.
His music was not exactly folk and not exactly jazz.
He's dead.
So what differences make with the was folk?
Whether it was jazz, he's dead anyway.
Ida says I looked at the pull notice list doesn't have the weigh-ins on it.
What we add into there.
I don't see how you always mentioned Matt Castle all the time spelled wrong like
World Castle.
He's nice looking at all, but me person I like my meat a little darker.
How about Reggie Bush?
She says.
Mmm, it says.
I don't know about Reggie.
He looks okay.
But he's funny in that spot.
What's that spot again?
Was it Subway?
No, no, for the things that you've paced on the wall.
What do you call it?
Oh, is it A-Kid?
No.
Yeah, I think it's A-Kid.
No, it's not.
Fat head.
Fat head, that's it.
Boy, if anybody should know about fat head, it got to worse with Joe Rose.
Yeah, Ida.
So, so far the combination of you and Chris has been incredible.
Tell George the stand vacation a little bit longer.
How do you like that?
Chris is going for George's job.
Stop lying to me.
By the way, is there a picture of Chris on the website from the way you carry on?
I bet he looks like a fat Matt Castle.
He don't look anything like Matt Castle, okay?
I will leave you me.
He looks like a fat Pudgy guy, which is what he is.
PSA had a scooter.
He's listening to your show.
High scooter.
The scooter.
And the money store.
But I wonder if the scooter dead yet or what?
Let's make up a whole bunch of dead people.
Well, like the song says, huh?
Like the song says, what?
Someday you'll be dead.
Are you going to start that again?
You want me to play that again?
You're obsessed with that song.
It sticks in your head.
Brandon says, and I should have read this a long time ago, this came in a 10-08.
Now you know I'm not a 100% fan of fat Chris, but as long as Cortus is out of the picture,
I've been saying that for quite some time now, Chris should have taken over the stories.
I sure hope you're not going to be mailing Cortus anymore checks for his dog that's been
dying for five years.
Good point, Brandon.
Yeah, he's had a dog.
He's like, uh, Heim and Roth.
He's been dying in the same heart attack for 20 years.
And Cortus has got the same dog that's been dying from the same health problem for five
years.
No more checks for Cortus.
Bye-bye, guy.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're busy, no reject.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
I am Boris Banderov.
Since he has neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for motion squarer.
Instead, we listen to a near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hour.
Alex Bennett Steve Cain, Nick Lauren Scottie,
Chapin Mike, Glora Scott Schwartz, Herman and McBean.
Gail Bright, Coleman Chandler, Sandy B.O. A. Polwaz, and Gwen Wilde Steve Stasel,
and
the
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
best
I just can't stop watching my brain is going on
There's a new diet, sigh of these twins, ones of men and the others are goat
Where's my remote, there's Sally Jessie, she's got a guy who plays Beethoven's fit through her nose
I want to propose, oh, it's all a joke, it's all the same old stuff
I'm a talk show, it's all a joke, I just can't carry no
Oh yeah, I got that something, I'm aching in my glass, yeah you, an achy boy
And I'm your name, the man, you're my name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man, they seem so sweet to me
With their verve little cans, little boys need to be with me
Cause I'm an emblem, the man, you're my name, the man, you're my name, the man, hey little kid, I'll give you candy and a ride
You can sit on my lap and I will let you drive, let you drive, let you drive, yeah you, shake your mouth in
When you wear your little pants, don't tell a little secret, cause I'm your name, the man, oh yeah I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man
And when I shower, I'll invite you inside, and when I touch your little parts, I get high, I get high, I get high
Oh yeah, I got that something, I'm aching in my glass, yeah you, an achy boy and I'm your name, the man, yeah I'm your name, the man
You've got your name, the man, you've got your name, the man.
You've fair boy, the way that Napster played.
Not a single set we paid.
Two damn free turn, sure was right.
Just why the days.
And he reached out loud as I had.
Every June from R.E.M. Mr. We just knew what day that website would be condemned.
Two damn free days or types.
That's the things coming that way.
See that sucks we have to pay.
Those were the days.
He's mailing it in, so have a bitch.
Every time I have to look at you.
I can't help noticing how much peace Lord's time was.
That could case, brought in his brains.
Inside his nose nothing helped.
Three maids of his days of oxygen.
I'll boo girl, rape him.
That's why George always Lord, he has no days of oxygen.
He bought a team to inhale the third day's slime.
He was born until money, but he's so kind and dumb.
Without his give it to your own little spot.
Life of the party is college days.
Left him with two cells, four of brain and a maze of oxygen.
That's the reason he starts ever late.
He has no days of oxygen.
I bought my ticket and I'm holding my passport tight.
All right.
Time's great, he's out.
I want some wind.
You ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
He's a football player, dude, a solid world of meat.
We kinda got that I wanna do.
That's who he will to eat.
I want to hear him go on a date, but there's no chance at all.
So does the big field sports quit if I wanna see him grab the balls?
Oh baby, wow.
Look at that kid, you ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
I got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do a lot of wonder, but I ain't gonna ever get none.
No, the days of a visit school, okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just so know that it's my name.
I'm a big field sports player, dude, a solid world of meat.
At least until age 28.
I'm great, he's out.
I want some wind.
You ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
Oh baby, wow.
Look at that kid, you ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
You ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
You ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
You ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
You ain't teed, no man, boy, like gravy with.
What the hell's the matter, honey?
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying.
I'm being kidnapped by aliens.
You've been kidnapped again?
Yes, by aliens.
You've been kidnapped by aliens?
Where they done tuck you?
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that an America?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
In New Mexico.
Albuquerque is.
Yes.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, no, Mexico.
Okay.
I don't believe you, honey.
You don't have to lie to me.
No, I want to get married.
I really do what you said.
I was kidnapped by aliens.
Albuquerque.
I believe you, honey.
They got short hair.
They got short hair.
Who does?
They're the aliens.
I've short hair.
Oh, do you say short hair?
You mean like, Ryan, see, crash short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer, like, Fabio.
They're the ones that make it short hair.
All right, honey.
Don't yell at me.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm at a 7-11.
7-11?
Yes.
Can you get me a Slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Like a blueberry wolf.
I just think kidnapped.
I think it's your Slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey.
I just saw aliens in a blue van.
Aliens drive a blue van?
Yes.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is it?
What?
It's a kind of van.
Does they do anything to you?
Does they probe you?
No.
Poke you?
No.
Pride you?
No.
Like, love, please.
No, you idiot!
I'm not coming along.
Staying at the 7-11.
You don't want to marry me, do you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not.
Come home.
I'm done with it.
Bye-bye.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Bye.
Love you.
Oh.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is your Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
A man that's half the news.
Board of seven.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
These sports leaders.
Where is the final techno-prop function?
That's when you go doing, doing.
You know it.
You gotta try fastest, I can use the potion.
That's when I do it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
That's that, that's that.
That's that, that's that.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
What a monster!
Sport, home, talk, cut, no sensor.
You can buy.
That's when you go, do it, do it.
That's when you're body of a cancer, it's too much.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it, do it.
Do it, do it, do it.
That's that, that's that.
That's that.
Oh, look, look, look, look, look.
You can spot the fat one.
Who's that man on in the morning?
Who's six to ten on S.U.N.?
He's the guy the next dumb, Delaware-Wise cry.
He likes to think he's known the one, Blah-Bell.
He's bigger than the postblah-Bell.
His eyelids are the most blab-Bell.
The biggest man in radio today.
He plays the songs that make you sleepy.
He steals material from you.
Yes.
He gives the time when the weather's looking fine.
His jobs have played the song again, Blah-Bell.
He's bigger than the postblah-Bell.
His eyelids are the most blab-Bell.
The biggest man in radio today.
Let's make the son our sister station.
And bring the blibin' here today.
And if the clap man could lose another kid.
He'd have more boring songs to play.
Blah-Bell.
He's bigger than the postblah-Bell.
His eyelids are the most blab-Bell.
The biggest man in radio today.
Blah-Bell.
He's bigger than the postblah-Bell.
His eyelids are the most blab-Bell.
The biggest man in radio today.
You and me baby doin' it like in Wisconsin.
And please don't tell anyone that I am your cousin.
You and me baby less.
You and me baby less.
You like, very, joe-combex-me.
You and me baby can do it like Madonna.
And have a Latino gang bang if you wanna.
Guelsey, Guelsey.
Talking on a sports show.
Trying to be my show.
Your voice sounds just like a saddened year old girl.
A little sports host, she'll, what else are you there for?
Girl, be, girl, be, talking like a baby.
You need a little training.
Why can't you understand?
You don't sound like a man.
We move the rubber bands that choke your scroll time,
delving, delving, delving.
Gelding, your lucky management don't care,
does gelding.
You don't belong there on the air, and delving.
The sports can wait till your voice cracks,
whilst anyone who sounds like that should find another job.
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop.
El-gelding, delving, when you're gone and grow up,
you make us want to throw up.
You're still a squeaky fool.
Go to broadcasting school.
Your freak, your bested voice, make you sound like a huts.
Your a huts.
Your a huts.
Your a huts.
Your a huts.
Your a huts.
Well, we were out on our first date,
after eating at a Mexican cafe.
While we were driving in my car,
let one grow at almost blue us both low-wave.
I asked her, said, you cut the cheese,
then she turned around to look at the exact girls on the cart.
Girls so far, you can't tell how many the girls know the part,
but I do.
The older girls, the eight-year-old,
and the thrift-like clothing in my hair.
And so I rolled up with those cows,
so I could get some air.
It's felt like something died in there.
Girls so far,
girls so far,
she kept telling me that girls know the part,
but I do.
I heard another deadly squirt,
then I held my nose and covered it with my shirt.
I turned around to get her back,
with just a matter of time before another attack.
So I asked if she was okay,
that she looked at me,
and all she had to say was,
girls know the part.
Girls so far,
you can tell me the girls know the part,
but I do.
Girls so far,
you can tell me the girls know the part,
but I do.
But I do.
But I do.
Where's the biggest name?
The best talent.
People busy on projects.
Sport radio 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So the biggest name.
The best talent.
If such yes ho,
it's TV o 8,
Daily Roger's God.
Absolutely.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well I ran in Lincoln.
Cash or crannant,
I drove up in the hill.
And a recall,
how it happened.
Well, it's good luck. It still gives me
Chagin' what a widow followed my map of
Starhouse and was shocked to see
Sitting on her front porch was Angelina
Jollin'
La la la la la la la la
I walked up like I knew her
Hey, do I know you?
When I saw her hesitate
But the chloroform started working
And for her it was too late
But her in my car and rolled the windows
Down
Now she watched my queen and I made her crown
But the stupid crown of me
And I've got Angelina Jollin'
In my basement
I'm in the basement
And I think I'll keep her there with me
Hello
And charge her rent
I can't rent
Well, I hope she don't mind
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement
I think I'm right at the spot
How wonderful life is
With Angelina Jollin' in my basement
I'm here
Watch kids are frantic
Full of amethic
But I bet you'd give your last sin
I hope that
To have Angelina Jollin' locked
Down in your basement
Don't hurt my dog
Don't hurt my son
Don't hurt my son
Don't hurt your dog, mister
Don't put the dog in the basket
And price don't get it
Because if you do forget it
And price don't get it
When you do you're done
And price don't get it
Because if you do forget it
And price don't get it
When you do you done
If you see us for them run
Every let I need an inspection
Or we get the end price inspection
Got no source
From those scores
I don't want to want to want to want to
Want to even go outdoors
Because of the size
I don't go out at all
I spend all day indoors
Because I don't want to die
From stars
Because of the size
I bought a surgical mask
I looked like Michael Jackson
But it's better than catching stars
I'm dying over here
Because of the size
Every time I know it runs
I call my doctor
And he tells me I don't have stars
Because of the size
I cry all the time
Now my throat's kinda raw
Oh my god does that mean I have stars
There's
Your vote automatically
Have you made it by computers
That this GOP
Then if you made it this time
Don't let the
Fishes the Ocons
Rewise again
The brother
Governor
That's Ron
And Laura
The cows got another plan
To get your vote
This time don't let the
Fishes the Ocons
Rewise again
Tom
The medicine
The medicine
What's the staffers in
The medicine
The medicine
The man that's you
I'm getting
Let us set us up
We don't live here
Let us sit
Let us sit
We invite
Preppy men
Men
Goast try
Angle pushed
With short
The blue
And call
There's no
My legs
With front of me
The Jews
Kill
Christ
Or
The Jews
Kill
Christ
Or she's appointed by God
You're good
Round back with my
Fishing men
See back
If your doctor
Then
Round back
Then your vote
Get one out
Round back
And ten for a
Honk, vote
The streaming
Pause it
Lads
Willing
Won't matter
Who
Or what you vote
Like it's rigged
For Bush too
In a last fight
This time don't let the
Fishes the Ocons
Rewise again
Tom
The medicine
The medicine
What's the staffers in
The 20 pages
The men get to
Get
The medicine
Dead is all around me
Everybody is
Prove
The economy
Is drowning
They got us by
The throne
I'd like to do some
Dryer
But get a
For to go
For the world's richest country
Is the
Precious
Loads
After final
Lepent
The stage was set
For the
The E-Yo
Conns
Stagrad
All big
Who's dead
They trickled it up
To the 1%
Wrapped us off
And left us for days
Wrapped them
Could this be a recession
The headlines
Coiling news
There's people
Go and Congress
You won't see that
On the news
It's like the 1930s
On other dreams of
Brad
We're just the rich
And dirty
And the poor too
My gas
The corporate news makers
They can't win
And the ones that I use
For the sheets are my family
You can't treat a dog
It can't be that them
It could drool
They got us blind
Now we've got us cold
We're in a deep depression
But they don't want you to know
Pum pum pum pum pum pum
For the world
Richest country
Mr. Precious and low
He had just a
Precious and low
And I'm only male in one hour today aren't you proud of him?
All right
Wait till tomorrow though
I'm enjoying this stuff
For me too
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
He's failing it in
I'm a fantastic boy who's done well
But I'm a very second fan and shuffle us across the snow
And then it took all the doors
And the door
And the door
And the door
And the door
And the door
And the door
And the door
And the door
Hey, be quiet, no!
Death is not the door
What's the matter?
I'm a saddo.
I should take a big shot over here.
I was your show dude, and I...
I'll see you here.
I'm doing what I was waiting for now.
How are you doing all day?
Shopping for jelly shoes?
Are you gonna help me?
I'll help you.
I'll help you.
Get me down.
We just have to come out with this.
Go!
I'll see you here.
What should I do!!
What a great guy!!
I'm burning the tree!
I'm getting an idea!
Dude and I are screaming we don't have time!
block?
Can I get you up there now?
Come out your way!!
With the daddy's trashes!
The truth!
Holy!
Sing not no
Come along between the
I'm the voice of the teacher.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
All right, that's that.
I'll put the phone in your room.
I'll just hide in here and do it everywhere I go.
We say, go, I'm gonna wait and see.
I'll help you.
I'm gonna go for the free-buttons.
Go, go, go, go.
Sir, do you have any liquids?
I'm not telling.
Oh, you must be jealous.
Oh, no, that makes me a felon.
Hey, no need for yelling.
Let me get my supervisor, Ellen.
Sir, are you jealous?
Oh, your question is compelling.
Let's see what the dogs are smelling.
You are so jealous.
Oh, you caught me, you're infidelent.
Let's go and get Moe, you'll be dwelling.
You fairy.
Skip out the tapot, test it.
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
All right.
Oh, just since the sun's not worth a hero.
Love by millions across the land.
And when two visitors here's their wife now,
she was hanging with another man.
And she was just went home now.
For a night, she was masked.
And a pair of gloves and back he went.
And she was tipping her friend the waiter.
And giving more than 15%
where she could take it.
Start a slice and end, I can't do it.
You know what?
Was that the airport before they fell?
He made a touchdown in Oshikagoa.
It's yet to not be all about hotel.
Above the LHGA, where he flagged OJ,
Bible Ego Procedure.
With a knife, that's the prison yard penalty.
He said, with conviction, that's what you get when you hack the wife.
I don't yell it everywhere.
In a ghetto where Bronco pressing something to his skull,
wishing he was dead.
But it was a cell phone, no night of pistol.
Two aside by summa, deep in his head.
Oh, well, if I had a mic, now it's up to the jury.
But he was surely being jailed for life.
I'm not a people there, I'll say.
They feel bad for OJ.
They forget it ain't okay.
To hack the wife.
Hack the wife, babe.
Hack the five made OJ so black.
Hack the five made OJ so black.
There too, Miami cops with a hot new beach.
There on the streets fighting crime.
Big pops as a handicap base there.
In a hellendale vice.
We got a problem, the grey gang is a total of tricks.
We're tentative, isn't that the group of senior citizens
who went around trying to get the early bird special after seven?
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
They stop at nothing, clean up the streets.
Hey lady, you can't cross here, you'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined to clean up the smugging business.
Alright, just stir your under arrest.
Also now you're arresting my wife, watch the charge.
Session to powder.
Open that purse, time to see that wife stuff.
Yeah, just a thought.
She's got over 100 bags in here.
Full board.
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant, she just came out of.
Let's take a minute.
Here's their camera in Miami cops on a hot new beach.
Him's hellendale vice.
Remaring this fall on MBC.
And our live from Rijal 7.
It's the new Roger Show.
I like what he's up and so forth in writing.
I play D.M. time like the American pricing.
They're ladyguides, oh I don't sin of king.
This is why they learn to carry on.
Yeah, I love the way that I've been ended.
The bitch haven't been the same since then.
Hook up by entine my nose.
I heard that was some party crack read through.
Yeah, but then I didn't go much of the dancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back there from Rijal 7.
I know.
Thank God.
I'm here.
It's all over for you, push, left.
Stock on right.
President, no, well.
Well, if you're lucky, that crack head is the last bush to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
WQAM.
Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
I was in the public's a galactica today.
Sir, and let me tell you the clip out coupons in Thursday's paper are deceiving.
I discovered to my son.
You know, this is George.
Yes, I know.
And stones was not too for 99 cents on the contrary.
Got them off.
Two brake stones for 99 cents.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to paddle me two brake stones for a price of two brake stones cottage cheese when they're
coupon clearly stated.
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Now, who's this son?
Line 7 and 9.
Klingon, penal colony.
Hello.
I forgot it in a brief time.
So, okay, I'm not known.
You know, I got a ring of course.
You hate my contract.
How about a one minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
I'll see you in the next video.
I'll see you in the next video.
Bye, bye, bye.
I love it.
Well, we only mailed in the one last hour to the one and two hour.
I thought it was pretty good.
I think it was pretty good.
Did you really?
What else are you going to say?
It sucked.
I'd never said it.
And we exhausted a lot of emails.
We had some pretty interesting crafts.
Some nasty crafts.
Some sweet crafts.
We had a lot of audience participation today.
That's right.
The audience got into it today.
Tomorrow now, Christmas Eve, you better be ready with lots of emails.
Fakeberry jackass and all you fakers across the street and fakebub Greg Budo.
You better have lots of great Izzy material tomorrow, as in Zagaki.
Well, he's so bad.
Okay, here's the poll.
Well, we got time for a few.
We'll just read the double digits.
What celebrity siblings are you or were, are or were you all time favorites?
What is it?
Three stuages, one, twenty one, March Brothers, 81.
How do you like the way the three stuages?
Team flying in there.
Yep.
The BG is 35.
Beat Royce, 22.
Joan and the John Q.
Sack, 21.
Kennedy Brothers, 17.
Peyton and Eli Manning, 12.
Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estreves, 11.
The Jackson's 11.
Emily Brothers, 10.
Donnie and Marie, 10.
Owen and Luke Wilson, 10.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
You're giving your projects.
Fort like your five, 60 QAM.
Think.
Fourth.
Leak.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog, Joros, we demo it.
What's the matter, Trim?
Where South Florida sports always matters.
Sports radio, 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
It's Dave.
If I have any talent, you pair at 560 WQA.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
I'll be going to the ring.
Get me some wires and a factory pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack.
You'll be used.
Use used to the torture.
Cause we're just playing their game.
In the past, it had to be worse with the dumb who say.
I know, that's a lot of you.
But we're for you.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready.
I'll be ready!
I'll be ready.
Brrrrra A wrr, vah ah loses, will lose got waft.
I'll be whipping rss rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs rs
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-b
So 560 WQAM, Miami, Florida, Dale.
Easy, good.
Hey, thinkin' only.
Good for Christmas.
