The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and scholars. Daniel says the stream is dead.
The biggest nation of the Dallas-Gallon, is dead. You're listening to sports radio 516 WLK of Greenfell H1M8 for Lauderdale.
Do you think I think this stream is dead? Must be. Why? What a?
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil, dial 567-0-1
On the way to the end of the day and by the rise of Brandy and Iowa counties.
You'll call 23877-75, Neil can be worn pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of the WQAM matchmen that are now available on 560 WQAM.
Neil God.
The music is sweet when they come down and trick on trees. Here's something by fire, but everything is fine then they won't give your car.
They won't keep your car. Cause it is Halloween, trick or treat or jelly thief.
Halloween, can't dress up just like black and thin.
They will come to your house until your candy runs out.
They will come to the means coming in the town of wings.
Hey happy Halloween, baby. It's a market's up 12 points. That's a nice Halloween gift to start. Let's set it off right there. What do you say?
I'll take it. Oh Susan Taylor says we sell authentic pharmaceuticals that help people.
LaVitra makes your friend work as he should. Oh my God. Your friend, your little friend.
Is that pathetic or what? I get that stuff all day. Daniel says the stream is dead. Do you believe it? I don't know because I don't have any emails from anybody saying,
oh, I'm trying to listen to stream is done. Of course we don't have any audience left anyway, but that's beside the point.
At least we're honest about it. We don't come on here. Oh, we have the best political breake. Yeah, that thing with CNN.
The best political team and the best little political briefing was crossfire. Well, I guess what crossfire has been off there for eternity.
There if there's so great on CNN, how come they're always taking those stupid shows off?
You see Ricky Tiki Sanchez. He made a monkey out of that jerk that McCain guy. You see that? Nice call Ricky Tiki.
He almost makes you feel sorry for the guy that died in front of the state in the Ricky Tiki hit. The Dow is up 24 points.
Let's see on my outlook. Express there's nothing in there. So either we're streaming or we're not. How do we find out?
I mean, the green lights are on there. It doesn't show that we have any outage. Right. Eric would talk to Eric was. Huh? Right. No, it would say something.
The green wouldn't be green. Right. I think Daniel's a mental case. Daniel's got a problem. But then again, we have a lot of people out there who have a problem.
Maybe they're crumbling from under the pressure of all this election crap. I started to say yesterday and interrupted myself and never got back to it.
The reason I think a lot of people are just fed up with this and wish we get the election over with already is it just been going on too long.
The primary is usually don't create the kind of interest that we had this year with a swillery and Obama and all at the drama.
And so it seems like when you go back through that that went on forever and finally she threw in the towel.
It seems like this campaign's been going on for a hundred years, doesn't it? Yes, it does.
So let's hold the election right now. Get it over with and put Obama in there. Get Bush and Chini out. I mean, they're both old and feeble, especially Chini.
And let's send them back home. Send them back in. Boy, I'm at streaming. Here's one that says somebody's full of crap. Streamings alive and well. Happy Halloween.
Thank you, Laurie. See, we have one person and that really pisses me off. It frosts my fat old pimpley smelly ass.
Come on here and somebody gives us a bogus report. Oh, streaming's not working and only Laurie cares enough to send her best on Halloween.
You see what I mean? I mean, obviously we've got a whole bunch of people who listen to the stream. Although here's another one that came in this morning before the show.
Jay P. says you probably are aware of this. Yeah, I already got two other emails about it, but I figured I would point it out just in case the archive show from yesterday is not on the site. It's not there. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
Any idea if this is going to be fixed any time in the near future? No. I know that you have nothing to do with this technical problem. That's correct.
But I was just wondering if you had any info on when this will be fixed. Thanks. I have no info on anything. I have no information for anybody. We do know this at least I know this Eric eventually fixes it.
If all of a sudden stream is up streaming streaming that I already asked you this once before. Is there a delay on these emails? You say no. Sometimes it depends. I told you what I said is it depends.
Cypress Creek Road says streaming is up. I'm happy Halloween. Paul. Thank you. God bless America. Stream is up says Paul in Coral Springs. Thank you, Paul. Neil. The stream is just fine. Says. Oh, Jeff.
Johnathan. Johnathan. I've already got it. Jonathan. You're salon. I've already printed it out. I'm already going to read it. Stop being chronic. Get a life. Jonathan. He sends me a thing from here. Oh, God. What is wrong with these people? Can you tell me seriously? What is wrong with them? Oh, that's not a short answer. You know. Oh, I'm just getting old and weak.
Four days to election day five days to my birthday. Birthday. Oh, by the way, Professor happy birthday. His birthday was yesterday. I forgot all about it. And I sent him an apologetic message which he has read yet. Did you play the diddy? What did you play the diddy? The diddy? That was the city. Do what? I'm sure he did.
If you can't get a little on your birthday, when hell can you really? Oh, realtor, junior's back. Okay. Great. I'm deleting it. I'm just tired of him to. I don't want to sound negative because I feel really great today. I don't know why.
The I'm listening via the internet and I hear you loud and queer. Says Rob and a lot of day. He's a good guy. He's a regular and he doesn't send me a live in Louisiana. You're streaming. Says Marilyn. Thanks, Marilyn. See the women they care enough.
Neal trick or treat. You're streaming in the show too. New York City Dave. Mostly the women. The guys they just like to make up crack because they're so they're so sharp. You know. Streaming is fine. Says somebody.
I hear you in California. Keep it up in the radio. Two says somebody. James says high. Neal stream is just fine. And I'm streaming it. Says John. Thank you, John. I bet you are. Take a big leak. Flood to say I knew it was fine because we got the green lights on there.
But some anodinix some chronic yinja out there. Oh, I sure got to that. Neal. Yeah. Sure. Scoot up my whole life. I'll tell you that. Son of China. It's going to be beautiful here today. What's going on? Castanova. We got like Indian summer. See the end of October early November can be anything. It's 11, which is 52 and going to be 17. Today. Sunny. There's not a cloud in the sky. It's going to be 63 in hog town. How about those pants?
There's last night. How there was about 100 people there? See them lose to auto. I'm blowing the game late. They're back to their old specialty again. They're specialty. Do is your every day. Blowing leads, latent games and losing late.
Which they did not really but late enough late enough to lose. Were you there at the Panther game? I guarantee there were a lot more people in that arena for the Obama appearance that they before. Then they were for the Panther game last night. I still don't understand how that team is to a layer. Just, you know.
It just doesn't fit. It's like wearing a Yarmulka in India. You know. Well, the Indians have got their own head gear. Now, maybe you can explain that to me again. Cause here we've got so many people with the turbines on way too tight. Yeah. Yeah. Those are the Sikhs. The Sikhs were the turbines. The Sikhs were the turbines. And what about the Muslims? They don't. They don't want the turban. We're the big Berk. Although all my building here, all these pregnant women with Berk is running around and schlepping.
And four or five little kids behind them. They reproduce like rabbits. I mean, it's just scary like roaches. And you know what you do with roaches? Don't you? Step on them? I spoke personally. I don't want to sound like anti-Muslim. That would be very bad. I'm not anti anything. I just I like nice people. I know that sounds really right. But isn't that isn't that a nice way of putting it? Yeah. I like nice people. I don't care whether the black or purple or yellow or whatever. I like nice people. Here's the pool. And I hate this pool. Now, what do you tell me that?
Eric can't change the pool. Eric is on the phone or something. He's starting his old system. We'll do junior. We'll do junior. Since being the attachment that I'm deleting. I'm going to block him. Your new poll is ready. Streaming is up. Can hear your liberal crack. Great. Says somebody. Steven or Steven Harper. That's good. Now, what are you saying? The new poll is ready. Why are you such a suck? Oh, is there any reason for it? Hey, the good news is we got fat Chris here today on our fry.
Let's hear it. And he's working feverishly to make sure he's going to be here on Monday because George is off now. You better be here Monday. I'm going to be here. If you abandon me on our own, I'm going to be here. If you abandon me again, like you did this past Monday, when you knew George was going to be off pretending to be sick. Now, George is on. He's got the crud. Yeah, but being the trooper that he is, he's there today because he's afraid that I might just call him and say, Hey, guess what? I'm not coming. Sorry. As long as I got this big flood bucket right here in my lap. Good. All right. Fill her up. I am. Here's the pool. And we're going to get rid of it.
As soon as we get to a thousand votes, I can't believe we got 987 already on a crap poll like this. We apologize for this poll. And nobody, by the way, ever took credit for sending it to me. I look back on the sheet that it. I don't know where the sheet is. We got lots of sheet. How do we do with that docker thing yesterday? I don't want to revisit that whole situation. Okay. Let's see. Let me see who sent this. What is the government do? That's good. This must be from. I don't know.
A portion. I don't know. I think Sean from Hollywood. We don't want to admit it. He's in hiding. If I sent somebody to that poll, I'd go and hiding to Sean. What the company's waste the most money on executive bonuses. 450 excess top level managers. 135 consultant 60 meetings. 52. Oh, we love our meetings. The QA and we have meetings up the S. Stupid retreats. 44 lawyers. 35 advertising. 32. Sponsored.
We're going on workers 31 needless travel 26 motivational programs 24 like those retreats. Political donations 19 like boot camp member Q and boot camp. Needless overnight shopping. 14 seminars. 14 jobs for relatives. 13 Christmas parties. 11 liability prevention. 9 sales. People. 8 executive cars. 8 accountants and auditors to insecurity. None. Now we don't care about security. In fact, when there's like a fire alarm. All you're going to have to stay in there. 9.93.
We just seven away from a thousand. And then we'll change the poll and get into the nitty gritty of the what you think about the election. I mean granted, you know, it's tried to do one about the election, but it's only four days away. I mailed my thing and I fed extra and I didn't just mail it on a fed extra and the please all you bastards because I wanted to do my thing. I want to get my vote to count. And thanks again to cannon and Tobago. He's the only one I was able to get me hooked up. Pretty sad commentary when somebody in Ontario Canada is the one person that gets you in touch with.
How you get your vote to maybe caught maybe being the operative word. That pretty sad commentary. It is so tell me about the emails on there is there a delay or what. Sometimes yes, sometimes no. How long it varies depending on what service they're using what service you're using the time of day. What's going on at the time the email traffic. Whether or not they're using a pushing or pulling method. It's all very. Oh yeah, a lot of pushing and pulling goes on with email. Yeah, I'm sure that.
Especially with this crowd man, a lot of pushing and mostly a lot of pulling. It's Friday. You were still. Yes. Well, he's a talent. He's got some money from his daddy. And I said my little Friday. Oh, it's an agenda that's right. Oh, well, he's a talent. He's got a full.
They are. You're fairly. Well, he's a president. Who doesn't have to run. What else is on the wedding? I just will just move right in.
He has a golden spoon. He was born with up his eyes. So look out all you Jews get ready for the gas. He's a talent.
Welcome. He'll give our civil rights. So. Well, he's a talent. He's a talent. He's a love of a. Well, he's a very wealthy.
Oh, God, he's a great teacher. He appeared in my life at that. He just, he does what sturdy, that's beautiful thing too.
Take this. I'm aries. I'm like a piece of that sugar. He's like this. I don't know what all these are, though, anything.
come on let's do step come on NATO let's go I think McCain will
look cute with little mustache on don't you like a little Bobby Boy?
Yes, Dave.
Raising taxes makes a bad economy.
Wow that's all he talks about it.
That's it.
Obama's going to raise your taxes.
Taxes, taxes, taxes.
And in the meantime don't you think that X-On mobile and all those other big
oil corporations that he wants that McCain wants to give tax breaks?
Don't you think they really need them badly?
With those record profits that they made that were announced yesterday X-On mobile 80
trillion 80 a-cousillion dollars?
Good God.
I mean I don't think the people can possibly be that stupid.
Let's see, high near your streaming is just fine in telehancey but with your
show go over up here big.
Ha ha ha.
It says please no more big old promos.
Yeah the streaming is just loaded with that big Osta.
And Jonathan in Boca who's just desperately in need of a life my God.
I have no life.
You said you had no email so I resented.
Yeah I already was from before the show Schmuck.
Geez what's the matter can't handle all the love.
You angry crotchety old fart.
Take a pill and relax a bit.
Maybe you need some sugar.
I still love you intensely and you are my life says Jonathan in Boca.
Formerly Jonathan in plantation who lost his job so he's taken it out on me.
Get a life get a job.
Jonathan.
We got the new poll up there.
I'm not going to read the final result of that other one because I just read it once
that was enough.
That poll sucked.
Then now is up 37 points and there's that pasty whore looking like bitch a Cindy McCain
with that fake smile.
Hell of a good looking college like students standing behind her if you get the hell out
of the way he's wrapped in the American fat flag.
You see him?
No.
Well why not?
We'll talk for a second.
All right.
And if she'd ever move her, move your head Cindy okay she's standing right in front of
this fine young American who's stupid enough to be there with the McCain's.
There he is back there with a nice real short haircut.
There he's let us see that.
Oh I see it.
He's not so good ever.
I like that he's going to do something.
You got Cindy there for you.
Oh yeah sure.
That's not Rudy Giuliani standing off to McCain's right is it?
I think his pop is the end of the picture.
I don't notice yesterday when a couple days ago when McCain was down there in a little
Havana.
Not only was Charlie Limpurist Chris there but Phantast Jebby Bush was there too.
All right the Jebster.
Talk about a crook, a thief.
Oh and what ever happened with all those concerns about the slots.
Remember?
Oh once we get slots in casino games that's good.
The whole town is going to go to hell in a handbag.
Can you remember that?
Uh huh.
The end of the world as we knew it.
According to the Harold and the scum Sentinel and all these goody goody goody two shoes bastards.
28 votes on the new poll.
What's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome?
Obama wins in a landslide 13 Obama wins but close eight.
The public and steal another election for McCain wins but close three.
I don't give a shmit none and McCain wins in landslide none.
Yeah anybody who'd say McCain wins in landslides got to be doing heavy heavy drugs and
George wants to share 35 votes now.
Now this is a poll that everybody ought to have an opinion on.
Okay even if you say I don't give a shmit that's an opinion.
What's with that kid wrapped up in the fat flag like that?
Is that for Halloween or what?
I see Cindy's got her Halloween costume on.
Just her ordinary regular looking ugly pus.
So uh junior whatever this guy's realtor junior I'm going to block you pretty soon realtor
junior.
Florida convenience store clerk accused of grabbing a woman's breast.
Oh my god.
Now what's that drive through in on a high this road?
What one of those convenience stores is farm stores?
Yeah farm store that's exactly it very good.
Do they still do that farm store still go like a blow over the place?
Yeah and also a former farm stores they like they become independent so they're like
farmish stores.
The thing I don't like about farm stores is they have their own like generic brand of
everything.
Oh give me a half a gallon of vanilla ice cream you know farm store brand of ice cream.
Oh not that I ever had that but oh it just sounds so awful.
Although public's brand they make their own ice cream it's pretty dang good stuff.
Don't start with the ice cream okay.
My blood sugar is so high this morning that if I took it here on the air it would make
like a jug and they sound the meter would start hyperventilating that's how high it
is.
A woman apparently wanted to buy a few items that convenience store drive through the clerk
apparently wanted to give her more than she paid for.
That could have explained by the clerk leaned inside a customer's car kissed the woman
and grabbed her breasts as reported by local six news in Orlando.
I'm assuming it I don't know where this is.
The clerk then said very nice and asked the woman for her address and phone number.
Oh yeah it's got to be Orlando because the one filed a complaint with the land police
and the clerk will be charged with battery according to a police report.
Evidently she didn't find it very nice.
He said very nice since he thought it was very grotesque as he reached in to grab a handful.
Well he was trying to be helpful can I help you with those?
Sure.
Yeah can I help you with those?
Fifty seven votes on the pool this is going to be very very and of course it's our
Kami Pinto left audience.
I'm sure that the green teeth proud and little of Anna are listening to Radio Mambe to help
with Fidel I got a story about that too.
About Fidel okay in my pile.
I'll get to it eventually massive UN vote in the support of lifting US embargo on Cuba
which just makes too much sense.
Fifty nine votes on the pool.
What's your take?
What's your prediction?
Sixty two votes.
They're pouring in Chris.
You got a chance at a hundred today.
All right.
I'm the new pool.
What do we get on the other one?
A thousand some odd?
That kid's really kind of ugly now that she gets her put your head back in front of him Cindy.
Come on.
He's idiot.
He's an idiot.
What do you think he's doing there with the McKenzie?
I think he's got like a brain retard retardo.
The silly old Nazi bastard.
Anyway, what is it?
I'll look it up myself.
You're just useless.
We had a thousand and four.
What's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome?
Obama wins in landslide thirty.
Obama wins for close fifteen.
Republican's steedle another election eleven.
They're working on it feverishly.
Let me tell you right now.
They are working on it hard.
McCain wins for close four.
McCain wins in landslide two.
Two idiots.
And I don't give a shmit.
Nobody.
It's five to five Friday.
You bastard.
Running for president is really a strength.
It makes me wonder if this all is insane.
I'm promising you miracles and even denounce the Reverend Wright.
So when you think about Obama, just remember I'm half black, half white.
My campaign message is for hope and change.
And by the way, don't worry about my Muslim middle name.
And my wife, Michelle, is angry.
I will try to make the economy right.
So cast your vote for Obama.
And remember, I'm half black, half white.
Half black, half white.
When will you all see the light?
I'm half black and half white.
Woohoo, woohoo, half black, half white.
Hope for me and you will see I'm half black, half white.
Woohoo, woohoo.
Happy Halloween to you.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Boy, this is a pressure packed week.
Can you even believe it?
Maybe that's why George is taking vacation next week.
Right. So it's double sure.
That's right.
Crumbling onto the pressure.
Crawling into the bed and...
Mm-hmm.
Get onto the covers and hide.
You got it.
Halloween today, election day Tuesday, my birthday on Wednesday.
What, what, how, how, more could you want?
Of course, my birthday is the most important of the three.
No, not to me, it's not.
No.
I don't want no more birthdays.
Oh.
There's a way to do that.
Oh.
Let's see.
Paul says regarding the article YGM and Criselyne the Uncle Sam's Help on MSNBC's website.
It discusses the possible merger of the two and their possible bailout by the taxpayer.
My opinion is screw them.
Let them be bought out by Toyota and Orr and Nissan.
They've been sticking into his lower consumers of brought American, but received a substandard product.
I didn't receive the substandard product because I buy Corvette's.
And they are primo, baby.
They're a fine automobile, made by GM and bowling green no less.
Anyway, it says we pay ridiculously high cost if the dealer for repairs only to have to return for the same repair or backwarded parts.
We will not even discuss the poor gas mileage.
I get great grad at God gas mileage on my vet.
Grass mileage.
I get this grass mileage.
Yeah, but you do.
Let them sell or go out of business.
He says, what's your opinion of that situation?
Here's my opinion, Paul.
I don't give a shmit.
How do you like that?
I don't care.
One thing about cars, there always be plenty of cars.
Good quality cars to buy, no matter who you buy them from.
And there also be plenty of ripoff artists out there too.
And it says I bet you a dinner.
Charlie Chris breaks up with his beard within days after Obama's inauguration.
Hey, Charlie.
You ferry.
Good old Limp wrist, Chris.
And elected that one email said the other day, it's like common knowledge, just like Miss Foley.
George's cracking his fingers again.
Even George knew that the Charlie Chris was a Limp wrist.
Why did not?
How you didn't.
Don't keep a chart.
Well, why not?
Because I don't care.
That's because you don't travel in the right circles.
You're joking.
I don't.
I do.
I do travel in the right circles.
That's why.
Yeah, but you do.
Let's see.
Hey, look at McCain's photo.
It says he looks just like Charlie Chaplin is later days.
Hey, that's a little like Charlie Chaplin.
You're right.
Old and senile.
Jimmy and Miami, who has nothing to say just good morning, Jimmy and Miami.
Go away, Jimmy.
Get lost.
Why you do this to me, Jimmy?
We have 96 votes on a poll.
I don't know if we'd had like 2,300 by now.
103.
103.
Because Chris ain't pumping it.
We sold 10 for the restaurant deal yesterday.
In the middle of a very traumatic episode, we had some game players there yesterday,
they're touching around with that website and Duff came in this morning.
Duff is getting more like Eric every minute, you know what?
Well, not necessarily.
Well, since he heard that Eric was hanging out at the parliament house, 103 votes.
So one, one person says, I don't give a shmit.
Well, you know what?
Yamama.
Yamama.
That's what I say from to you from Obama.
I bet today is Giuliani over there off the picture.
Let's see.
They don't want to show him.
Oh, yeah, those are 3d cans.
It's definitely him.
Yeah, it's Giuliani.
Can you see him running underneath where it says, hand over.
Hand over.
Yeah, it's Rudy.
No, it's not.
Is it?
It looks like it.
It looks a little bit like him.
It is.
It is.
It is.
You sure?
I know they got the thing over his face.
Exactly.
They keep coming up his head.
That's him.
That's his, his hunchback as shoulders there.
Oh my god.
I go to another deli in Hollywood, Rudy.
It really worked for you.
Big.
Remember, he was the Arab parent in Florida.
Rudy Giuliani.
All he had to do was show up.
He didn't get like four vote.
What a joke.
A noun of verb in 9-11.
Just like who said that?
Biden.
Did Joe Biden come up with that?
That's the most, that's one of the coherent things.
If they would just keep Biden's mouth shut until Wednesday.
We'd all be a lot better off.
He says a lot of stupid things.
They already knew that going on.
I like Biden a lot, but he just opens up a mouth and a lot of
sputum comes out.
You know how that goes, don't you?
Sure do.
They say it's for that.
On this radio station.
Some of the political analyst jocks, ex-jocks,
the political analysts.
109 votes.
What's your prediction for the election outcome?
Obama wins a landslide 45.
Obama wins but close 33.
Republican steal another election 18.
God forbid we can't afford that.
Oh my God, if that happens, I'm calling my birthday off Wednesday.
McCain wins but close 9.
McCain wins a landslide 3.
I don't give a Schmidt one.
I don't give a Schmidt.
How can you not give a Schmidt?
110 votes.
What does it have to do with the ball games?
Who the fish playing this weekend?
I know who they're playing or playing the Broncos.
Correct.
That's a gimmie.
That's like a forfeit.
The Broncos blow.
I mean, the Patriots, even with Matt Kassel and without the,
without half of the team on the field, they just blew them away.
Even Sammy Morris had 138 yards rushing in the first half.
God injured.
Never came back and they still blew them away.
Denver.
It's like a little girls team.
And what about the Keynes?
Keynes and Virginia.
They could lose that game tomorrow.
Yes, they could.
Wouldn't that be nice?
They got their ass beat last year.
What?
They got their ass beat last year.
At Virginia?
No, at home.
At home to Virginia?
At home to Virginia.
The last game joins the ball.
They like 48-0.
The mechanical Virginia, which I think he will.
Daniel says, happy Halloween, Neil, the streaming is fine.
And I look to see where Daniel is and he's got a 9-5-4 number.
He's in Broward.
But I guess a lot of people listen online in Dayton Broward,
be in in Palm Beach because the signal is so damn bad.
I don't hear anything.
You know what I mean?
I don't hear anybody saying anything about what they're going to do
about these technicals out about anything.
Right?
What do you expect in here?
Concern, care, feed, right?
That's right.
Feedback.
That's what we need to do some biofeedback.
Right?
Yeah.
Oh, here's that guy that pinnels those stupid CDs for the Internet.
And with over-
Video professor with his crap.
Jimmy, go away.
Go away, Jimmy.
It says, why, Neil, I love you.
Well, I hate you like poison.
Jimmy, go away, get lost.
You're in, you're in, I'm going to block him.
The next one.
Next email, I block your ass.
And there's nothing on here on the emails.
By the way, Neil at NeilRodgers.com.
This week has been, I don't know, I think George did it last week.
It was my fault.
Torpedo, the email.
By that.
Yep.
Well, you're famous for that.
Man, the torpedoes.
If you need somebody to man the torpedoes, George is always there.
Lawrence Eagleberger said about Pailin.
Of course, he's not ready.
Maybe I'll get to that later on.
Maybe I'll do some reading today.
I sure sell them.
I want to take those stupid phone calls.
Oh, my God.
Here's one.
Q.A.M.
Nudnik.
Apple Neil.
Yes, sir.
How come one of them are going to your website?
I hit your email, the show.
And it says, cannot display page.
Are you getting anything on that?
Can I display the page?
Yeah, I'm hitting Neil or it says, email the show.
And it won't give me a link to email you.
I can't take it.
I got to send emails.
Anyway, you're a thank you question for you.
Oh, no, no.
Now it popped up after it, I don't know.
It popped up the box.
How did you get us today with those dockers?
I just finally get that straight.
With the dockers?
Dockers.
What's a 94 to 25 to 68 to 32?
What do you mean?
Are you writing a book?
No, no, no, no.
Come on, you know.
We should.
We should.
We should.
We should.
We should.
We should.
We should.
I've got a box pops up.
Don't feed me a bunch of Hazarai, okay, pal.
Probably works over there at IOD with Fat Boys.
Probably Fat Boys boyfriend.
Now let's see, let me go on here and I was Eric back into box.
Yes.
Because I'm getting a little hour and early.
I love Eric.
I appreciate everything he does for us.
He's been with us a million years running that great mediocre website.
But you know, is it really that difficult for him to move the stories under the pole and move those pictures under the stories so that more people would read the bedtime stories?
Most people don't need to see those pictures. It's on his planet to do it today
But what does that mean is it a big project when I don't know I have no idea when I told him about it before
He said he's got a couple fires to take care of and then he will do that couple of fires to take care of huh?
Couple of fires sounds like
What he's trying to tell us it's right
You best ladies this Halloween be the trashiest trick or cheer up works to how a whole costume
Hello, costumes has all your naughty favorites like naughty nurse officer naughty and naughty pirate
Plus hello ho has new naughty numbers like naughty lunch lady naughty illegal immigrant and naughty
Proctologist you might feel a slight discomfort
There's also naughty mother Theresa naughty Walmart leader and naughty Amoeba. I'm a single salad scary sexiness
It's all and hello, who costumes serving spooky sluts for over 17 years
1045 at 560 WQ I am I don't know this so whole thing is just I saw I sent myself a couple of messages on there to see
How long it takes a few minutes right?
Well, what's that all about?
Well, there are variables involved and by the way just so you know
Yes, part of the if someone is sending an email for the first time to anyone at Neil Rogers calm
There's an initial delay because there's there's a spam guard on there. So oh, yeah, that's working real good
The program has you know it it kicks it back and forth to their
Okay to verify it a little bit so the first time
The email address as legit obviously stuff gets through there. It's not a perfect spam
But there would be hundreds of spam emails an hour if not for that
So the first time they send an email. They'll be a little bit of a little bit of a
Retachment from a Scott guess what Scott delete
What what part of I don't have time for that?
Cocker ride don't they understand
YouTube videos other videos links to stories
Attachments I don't have time to pause you with that the idea is for you to tell us something yeah for you to send us an attachment such a
Got the homepage I'm bigger pardon
Check out the homepage. Okay. Is that an order or what? Well, you said that kind of like sir
Yeah, I told Eric. I told Eric is the best
There's the pool and there are the bedtime stories right underneath it and then you go down
There's the cartoons and then there's my fat picture from 20 years ago and a bunch of funny stuff the thing with the email
What the the thing with the email when you click on email? Yeah, it works
It just tosses you to a blank or error page with certain
Brought it so it's found that document is moved here
But the little box still comes up don't make an excuse for these people
They have really been off their feet this week on these emails after after I worked my ass off to come up with this ingenious idea
Thanks to George who've been pushing me to do it for years
And it was working like game monsters for weeks and all of a sudden I go on vacation for week and come back and like
Oh, we don't want to play that game anymore Uncle Leo. What are we playing? What? Yeah, what kind of game can we play this week?
Because I'm clicking on it now. Oh, yeah, here's raw. I'm blocking your ass. Okay raw blocking your ass. I'm not even I'm not even reading it
Well, let me read it you complain you're not getting any emails
But then you complain about the emails you get claiming that nobody's got anything to say that's right including you raw
Unless somebody sends you an email about low-carb breeder pizza pasta ice cream or a story about how they had a nice meal at a restaurant in Europe
You hate the mail you get and you say the people had nothing to say well, guess what the first few weeks that we did the email
All of the emails had good things to say that nothing to do with any of the stuff you just talked about schmuck
By the way, there's something I've always wanted to know who is it?
Who is that guy who can't say the number nine see there you go?
Peace out dogs is raw
Well, guess what message lock
Sender you have nothing to say you're just a moron raw
Giving me instructions on life and instructions on how to do the email how do everything?
Unless they're talking about low-carb in fact that wasn't the email. I just say there was a caller the guy with a
Pembridge farm the chronic caller that
Fact Chris outed yeah as being a chronic caller to the talk shows
Well, that's what happens when you're working on a station. It's got like 20 people left
When you add the emailers and the callers and the not just a viso, but to the sports shows we got when we got stormy storm cat
Oh, yeah
Give us a call stormy if you ask nice, maybe he'll start calling this show regular
Holly says good morning our co-neal chronic Holly with the election only a few days away
I feel we need to say we have the chance to elect the next great president of the US these great men come along
Maybe once in a generation in Barack Obama is that man. That's correct
He is a statesman think you're cool and logical as general rolling cool and policy
He's a transformational figure of course the thing with cool and Paul is we're supposed to forget about the way that he sold out and held up
Right, the violent you anime one of the most vile speeches in history and paved the way for the attack in Iraq
We're supposed to forget about that and if Obama were white
I really doubt the cool and Paul would have endorsed the Democrat but nevertheless
It says John McCain is a cookie cutter Republican replete with all the scared tactics and as the accusations being a war hero
Is not in and of itself doesn't make one a presidential figure in order years in the Senate
It's what's inside that makes you wait to leave it's what's inside that counts. That's what Michael Jackson told that little kid
It's time to choose a future that doesn't involve more war and economic disaster
But a future filled with hope and vision. We need the next great president. We need no we must have Barack Obama's is Holly
Hugo Holly. She's whipped up to a frenzy
Like that. It's Halloween
Mark Caputo writes in the hero for let me tell you again the scum sentals a piece of turd
I wouldn't wipe my ass with that paper even if there wasn't ink on it
And then you know something there's not much in common. Imagine all the money they're saving on ink
Oh, yeah, and on paper wow no items in this view. That's the emails. I got raw
That's what I got nothing about low-carb diets nothing about whatever the hell she said nothing
Nothing about nothing Neil at Neil Rogers dot com. It's right there on our homepage
We got 161 votes enough all those people had voted on there would have clicked on where it says
Under the mailbox email the show and clicked on Neil and it you know
It's forget about what page it goes to the little box for the emails right there right right? I got it right in front of my pus
Now email myself a couple of things won't want about boobs
Yeah, yeah, my side didn't say boobs. I said the T word. I say can't say that on the ear. No, you can't
Florida's dramatically shifting voter rolls are changing the nation's largest swing state as the two presidential campaigns feverishly
Mind for votes on political terrain that's increasingly democratic all right
When nearly 658,000 voter registration age over Republicans Democrats have flipped two battleground counties
Since the last presidential election turn the crucial interstate for corridor more to their favor and made southward and they even
Depershade of liberal blue largely due to minority voter increases
Well, those people sure don't listen to was and they sure as hell don't email us or have anything to do with us
That's like I was saying yesterday. Well, what's that all about and they sure don't get the diaries
And if they do they put down some ethnic station they don't put down us
In North Florida Republicans have posted for more modest gains
Though they can still count on vast swats of so-called dixie crats to vote for John McCain
Florida often votes Republican
But the democratic registration gains have made the presidential race more competitive and sent McCain and Obama into campaign overdrive across the state
Democrats are also in a better position to start winning control of the Republican dominated legislature and congressional delegation
Well, thank God for that good God. It's long overdue. We get those mugwamps out of there
For Obama the shift in voters has turned Republican strongholds into democratic opportunities
McCain is pouring more time money of the state is beefed up his advertising buys featuring
Republican governor Charlie limperist chris and more frequently campaigned from day to military heavily north Florida
But to be a bit a bit about
So much has changed since
Since the bush won in 2004 the electorate has grown 9% to 11.2 million Republicans increased just 4% while the number of Democrats and independence rose 11 and 12% respectively
I
Hope we have some voodoo magic in our sex at former Republican Party chairman of uh
Florida, Tom slayed
John McCain's gonna need to pull three or four rabbits out of a hat not just one with huge numbers like this that we're facing
We need to look more like the state and we're not he said
Today blacks and Hispanics together come for about 36% of the state's population and 30% percent of the democratic voter rolls
Yet they make up just 13% of the Republican Party which has remained 84% white since the last presidential election
How do you like that? I still don't think Obama's gonna win Florida. I could be wrong
But I hope but I don't think so do you I think he will you think he's gonna win Florida? I do a Yahoo redneck Bible thump in the end of the
All-state like Florida. I do totally do it be sweet. I don't think so
Let's see here's one that says I wasn't sure if you received this email already
So I apologize got an attachment have a very happy birthday and go Obama hugs and kisses to you George and Chris
from Amy
A lady listener in New York
She said we're leaving. I don't know what that means because there's nothing in email about we're leaving
I don't know when she's got an attachment that I'm not uh oh here you go. This is a good
Email see it's not about low-carb diets or whatever to hell at the raw idiot was talking about it's about smegma
Okay, I guess I guess that's low-carb huh?
ought to be
175 votes. I'm printing it out while I'm printing it out. I'll give you the pool
175 what's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome? Obama wins in a landslide 73
Obama wins but close 56 Republican steel and other election 22 that would make three in a row
McCain wins but close 16 I don't give a shmit for and McCain wins in landslide for oh yeah
Did mark markets up at only four points? Oh
I guess who this is from this is smegma promise from realtor junior please forward to george it's oh yeah
Says I'm 16 years old have regular smegma on my penis glands, but wash it off
However, it just comes right back within a couple of days
When non-direct my four skin is sticky and as hard to peel back toward the bottom as it sticks to the skin
I'm assuming it's just supposed to peel back with no problems. What can I do to prevent this best answer
Hello to me had the same problem at around the same age but got circumcised
It didn't need to come to that but like you know I felt a bit paranoid told the doc my skin was tight in order to get the chop
Otherwise, you never would have done it get the chop
Like the braves and the semiroles are doing the chop baby their chopping it problem was indeed solved
But was told to wash daily in the mid 80s. It was a cream you could use to wash the smegma off
Actually could have been used for anything, but it was it washed the cheese off like a dream
Forgotten the name now, but you shouldn't worry too much. That's what being a male teenager does
Your innards go wild before you mature which wouldn't be long take care now it says take care now Timmy
This is from realtor junior yeah, it sends it for you. Uh-huh
Think I'd have blocked his ass too. I mean I get to tell you I would have blocked them a long time ago personally
I would have blocked him a long time ago personally, but whatever yeah
Well, let me go back to the deleted items realtor junior there it is message
block sender I just blocked his ass and there he goes
There he goes in a never-neverland
Although of course like as you know these people who have no lives you block them under one email at rest
Then they make up another one they show up again
Because put it very simply they have no effing life
This is the Neil Rogers show
Oh
516 WQ a.m. Your 2008 presidential campaign leader
The most important presidential election in the history of America is about to take place
560 WQ a.m. Is the one to turn to on your dial for the latest in hello
This is the weenie voice guy that always calls the station
I don't want to hear about the election or whatever it is
Yeah, yeah, yeah, blah blah blah I want to talk about the dials and hey how about those hairy canes
Like what I have to say will change the course of the game. It's like yelling at my TV go away
560 WQ a.m. Is your election headquarters for what could be a life altering?
Hello, we're not covering the election and why not clearance because we're a sports station
We desperately try to ignore 911 what makes you think we're gonna pay attention to this yeah
To be a sport hole is American and sling blade and sweet cherry pie
Just that's managed are you a Republican clearance? Oh gotta go. I hear someone tapping their shoes
sport hole video 560 WQ a.m. The irrelevant garbage leader
I mean lary Craig is in the tea room. He's waiting for clearance. Remember you were looking for clearance before the show fat Chris
Yep, he's in the tea room with lary. I remember that they're tapping
Mark and my me says not sure if this went through as I sent it a minute ago if so ignore it and sorry
But I didn't get a confirmation if it went through. What does that mean?
You don't get a confirmation that your emails go through honest thing do you know
No
So what does that mean?
I don't know
You know, I just voted at Miami at city hall that took exactly an hour from the time I arrived till the time they scanned the ballot
Of course, even though the ballot is paper you don't get any confirmation of your votes when it's scanned
Just like you don't get a confirmation of the email mark
They simply had you push a button that it's finished without you being able to confirm you and actually read the ballot correctly
Let's hope they haven't stole another one since mark in Miami. They're working at it
My lesson my lesson
Hmm
Remember that course. Oh, yeah, how can you ever forget and then they still keep showing the picture of that judge in Palm Beach
You know with the big the bug eye, you know, Google the ballot. Google the odd guy. Yeah. Yeah
Google I
That would be a good thing to dress up for Halloween like the judge with a Google I
Artie in seabring florida's back. Well, thank god. Let's get some of our old emails back because good god
We started off with a tremendous hope and promise on emails and then just like the phones
Just like the phones
It just narrowed down to a handful of chronics which I had to delete a whole bunch of them and then there's nothing else nothing
After such a promising start
But that was up 22 by the way. Let me look at it right now. There's one
One what's up? It says
What's up
Best regards from Stephen Kendall
He says I was at the Kendall branch library yesterday and saw Cuban McCain supported with a sign that said in
1959 there was change in Cuba before cut us. That's old right 50 years later these
Wasano bastards. What does that mean?
I don't know
Guzano yeah worm
These Guzano bastards are still too chicken to take the flight to the island instead of being a bunch of
Cowards determined to ruin our lives here and we give them money and
Medicaid when they come over unbelievable says
Steve who's pissed off
I get money Medicaid. I got a little link. What I get money to Medicaid
Click on the evolution. You don't get squad. Okay, no you're just like a
something
And it's got says it's a Obama ad with the wassup but the wassup
I was like well, I'm not thanks to you, but I don't have time to fart around with links and that's it that was it
no items in this view
God almighty what does it take
Four days before the freaking election and these people are sitting on their hand with their finger extended deep inside
There's no really enjoying it too. I got news for you man. I'm gonna do something really important today
Important to a clock. You know what I'm doing?
What go to what buddy? That's right
I had a little bit of a winning day yesterday and I'm much
Not nothing's gigantic nothing that I'm gonna have to be hiding taxes on
Oh some of you people man talk about the I have no life bring it to a whole new level
I
Never dreamed I'd have to pump the email address like I was pumping the phone numbers
But when you do this job in this market man, there's a lot of pumping to be done. It's like working at the gas station
Remember when he used to come out and pump the gas for you? I do still up off your windshield check the oil yeah
I guess there are a few stations somewhere in the world where they still do that there are
New Jersey's only a full service
Really yep, well there are scattered individual stations where people still do that really independently owned stations sure
In certain places
Rare now. Yeah, I guess it's not so bad there, but like here in the middle of the winter time
It's it's freezing the wind is blowing the snow is blowing their windshield is ice stuff
You can slip it in the slide down the ice and you got to pull up to the pump and get out and pump it
Good god
What ever happened to service you can't complain about the service because there isn't any remember I told that to Dan rather a hundred years ago
Already says McCain spent most of his military careers at the tainee what can he teach our military how to be a good POW now you're talking already
How to crash
They don't call him crash McCain for nothing. He's gonna get even with the rest of the world
He's still pissed off about that whole POW thing and he's gonna get uh, I said is he yeah is he oh is is he running
Oh
Oh
Oh
Wow
Richard and orman by the sea where the hell is that over uh like by say in Augustine wow
I knew where it was, but I just wanted to sound shocked date Tota
They're about he says I'm a long time listener from your wkat days must be old dick
I'm so glad you stopped taking those moronic telephone calls and since have gone to reading emails me too if I had any
Whoever had the idea of the telephone portion of your show should be sent to the same dungeon as the one who had at one time
Your show prompted by howard anything else robin
That was terrible and I'm very pleased to see you overcame that cock him in the idea
Thank goodness for the internet feed since radio programming here in the day Tona Beach area would put the worst
worst
Insomnia to sleep within minutes
Our featured show on radio here besides the right wing rush limp
Aw and Neil Boris boards is a show that's on for three and a half hours
I know you in George Knox satellite radio, but I'm driving around central floor. I thank needle god for xm
What does that mean oh I see have a great day and a very happy birthday enjoyed to run over the Republican
Steelers selection my wife and I maybe join you and other Americans there
P.S. Go back to reading the bedtime stories every so often they were great thanks dick and orman by the sea
Oh
And here we go. This is another one I get you'll never guess who it's from speaking of chronics
And when you block the chronics on the first name of the dress they come up with another one sure
Gary G in the whirlens remember him mm-hmm
And remember what his specially was always whining about the archives. Where's the archives? It's only three and a half hour
Careful there. What? Don't choke
No, that was a good way to work the flima
Missing an action MIA archives from yesterday show question mark for them was up
First time they've been completely missing in a long time
I have a long spiel to give you about George etc
But we'll wait till the archives are back functioning to send it
I think you'll find it entertaining and informative happy Halloween from the Halloween capital of the USA New Orleans and still alive
Gary G and we still hate you Gary G like poison
Too bad you haven't died since I've blocked in the first name. Let's see Heather Goldbard is his new uh
Handle cute
Yeah, Heather Heather my aunt is alter ego
Oh Tom Osgoode I need to block him too
Oh my god
A long long
Bunch of crap anti Obama crop crop
Let's see Tom Osgoode and right wing a hole block sender. I don't I really not interested in any uh right wing garbage, okay
Well, why don't give me other side watch Fox okay turn on rush and billow and listen to all that right wing crap
And all those lies if that's what you want the that was up 41 points by the way
Phil has got a um pull idea
Which Nazi party supporter remember makes you want to blow chum the most
Jeb O'Reilly colder we've done done that a million times
Says rob and lauderdale rob is usually pretty good, but he's he's got no material
Here's one from Maria from East Syracuse
New York loves Obama and neo-Rajus also remember because
Caruso's restaurant and Rosalind Park in candidate when New York of course I do Maria
Long time listener Maria from East Syracuse
Caruso's restaurant but I was a good place
Good plan Rosalind Park they tore it down they built condominiums
That that's America for you everything that was ever good that was ever fun
They tear it down and they built condominiums for old people much older than me
much much older than me
McCain no higher what's that the good looking kid doing standing in the middle of the crowd back there
Must he looks again days they must drug these kids to come to these McCain rallies
And what you're laughing about I'm serious they all look like their days like go like what's his name?
I'd go if they did
Yeah, Georgia's gonna be at the next McCain rally where they're gonna be handing out free hallucinogens
I can't remember where I heard this it was either over in her john steward it says as an answer to Sarah
Paleons ability to see Russia from her home state of Alaska thereby
cementing her role in international politics
Alas I can see the moon for my front porch does that make me an astronaut oh
Came from my show yesterday is where it came from and came from a million other people old and stale and weak and terrible and awful
Am I right? Yep
See that's not having something to say that's just quoting some line that everybody in their brother
They're saying that's not having something to say yourself and the problem is they have nothing
Absolutely positively nothing to say
Nothing
I had a good job with a credit company lost to an old guy who had no money too bad
I didn't know I would get up for an 85 year old ex-star certain jump on employment
Yep, that's me a big FQ dead man baby now he's rapping on TV getting to pay check that used to go to me
Now instead of living right mean well
Now sleeping in a fox and my life is going to hell on employment and food stamps a big
Hey man
1115 and I never liked him even on a tonight show
But I especially just like him when he started peddling all that damn stuff with the Clark
Remember that
What stuff the other publishers clearinghouse?
Uh exactly that's the one publishers clearinghouse
Oh, you're gonna win $80 trillion. It's Ed McMahon
And now he does stuff about don't fall down in the bathtub have you seen that the basket idea?
Swing
Bath tub with a swinging door when you get to be a hundred years old
I think when you get to be a hundred it might be fun to fall down in the bathtub and break break your neck
Douglas says uncle me and I was listening to the Florida State Virginia Tech Radio broadcast last Saturday
And the color commentator no pun intended sounded just like the cart you play learning the spell with Darnell
Why is it they put on ex-jokes who can't speak like that obnoxious Shannon Sharp go obama kick that old warmongers ass says Douglas a man dog
Probably because these guys work cheap. That's what it is and and because the jock sniffers all think that if somebody once wore a jock strap once played some game
therefore they have some inside expertise
To share with us which of course very rarely do they
We don't have any a color guy on a canes games. Do we isn't it just a zygacchi and the and the beast and the don Bailey?
June down Bailey would be the color guy, but he's not a colored guy
No, but he's the color guy
Let me say it again. He's the color guy, but he's not a colored color guy correct
Well good
Well, you sure are surly today or is it me?
Think it's you my little surly day. I don't know why I don't think so sunny shining. It's a beautiful day
I'm going to woodbond it to me to win 50 billion dollars
Then you'll never see me again, and then they'll you know right now they'll say oh good
We ought to get rid of your ass put your john. Here's George. Yeah, right
They want you back. That's why this week the emails have been so weak. I get it last week. Oh, yeah
The intellectuals like you they hate me like poison. Oh the old fag is back screw that
Let's listen to old tapes of Jimmy syphilis
The fact that he's on here. Oh, here's another pool idea. Oh
My god see what I'm saying they have nothing to say
Uh-huh dear Uncle Neil. I said this pulled a George week ago, but stupidly I sent it as an attachment
I don't think he even opened it up good. We don't open up attachments. I might
Then again, maybe he opened it didn't like the idea maybe wait for your consideration
What do you like best about Obama? He's not old. He's not white. He's attractive
He's got a hot wife. He's got charisma his character. He's our ticket. How long does this go on? Oh, he's just to like him
I'm too Republican to like him my clergyman won't let me like him
Hope you have a lovely weekend. Love and kiss it. Do you enjoy it? It's his list. Thank you, Liz
Thing in the thing there. I'll look her express
It's gonna be just like the phones, you know every once in a while something might come through. It's gonna be like that
It's not gonna be the tremendous
funnel of a useful stuff that I thought it was gonna be
I thought we struck the mother load
That was up 82 that I just say that yes 92 62 and and odd
And let me take a look at that freaking loony man that thing. I had such great hopes it was down to 72 cents
That Canadian dollar now it's 82 55 that sucks that blows and the euro is down to 127 and a third
And the Toronto Stock Exchange is down 143 points there a little bit which means oil is probably down
They got a lot of oil in Alberta. You do know that yep
Well screw them screw those people in Alberta a bunch of red necks. Oh my god people on Calgary
The stampeders
Good god just so many red necks in the world you know it
That would be a good pull to take there are too many blank in the world. Okay
Red necks
Muslims
Goiam goiam
Chargers
Chinese boy there's so many Chinese. Oh my god, huh? Well, you don't have any down there
No, is it the climate because people generally tend to gravitate toward climates that you know we're similar in their home
base, okay
Now the climate in China is like all over the world. It's all over the China is right so we're then big it's vast
So vast Chinese conspiracy
Smelly Chinese man
282 votes on the poll what's your prediction by two for Tuesday's election outcome
Obama wins in a landslide 123
Obama wins but close 93 Republican steel on other election 29
McCain wins but close 22. I don't give a shmitate and McCain wins in landslide 7
Out of 282 our goal is fun. Oh, there's that simple simple-to-and-fruit richy civins on some uh your play ad
Hi, oh my god
Talk about a guy that's just siphoned out all kinds of money with no talent whatsoever one of the most obnoxious queens
I've ever met in my life. I told you that's tremendous time. Yes, he has comes in with the studio at
Ion Zien sneaks up behind me and puts his hands around my neck like he's gonna choke me and Dan near dead
He was squeezing it. Yeah, some people are into it in the squeezing it. Yeah choking
gagging
We got speaking again. Did I give the schedule out? No, I did not. Oh boy
We got something really special for today
We got the big old but not just a regular big old show at two
We got the big old white dolphins camp rock solid. Oh my god from two to four
And then if that isn't enough to make you want to vomit we got from four to seven no mad dog today
Yoldi will be on
Yoldi right in the middle of daytime when people are awake
Dolphins tonight seven to seven thirty and then seven thirty to ten high school football north western versus central
Who's gonna be calling that game Chris?
No idea
And then after the high school football game we got Greg Likens ten to midnight Greg no like us
Now he is needed like a glorified board opera something very like him correct
And he's got a show how come Curtis don't have his own show
Because he doesn't suck clearances ass
Tim B says yes Neil can kune. Oh, this is for me yesterday
See, I'm not looking for a place to visit okay
We just ask him about going to Mexico because Paco is trying to talk me to go in there Christmas time
I've had you my life too much. I think I don't really want to go there
Good play it
Can kune and cosmol are fun but they're closed resorts and heavily protected and secured just like similar places in Jamaica
Mon
You're quite safe as long as you stay in your bubble and don't venture out of the real Mexico which is quite dangerous for gringoium
Ha, ha
I've heard you the sp files doubling because of the basic face Irish true
But Dublin is one of the fastest growing most affluent cities in the world now great food too. Oh yeah
Great food in Ireland my ass
That's what it tastes like you might like it actually, but
So this value voted
O and, by the way if you find the Heroes Unceduled websites
Create ships can subscribe the digital editions of each paper for out of book or so week
which are identical to the printed versions.
What does that mean?
It says the herald one is pretty good actually.
The sun sent us about as good as the paper, which means it blows.
It says Tim B.
Why would I pay money to the herald of the sun sentinel?
For a version of any of their swill.
See, that's one thing about the internet, man.
When somebody wants you to pay to read their crap,
that's where I draw the line.
No way.
Cliff and Kendall says I have an eight-as-enough Obama Biden sticker on my car bumper.
Monday morning, while I was driving to work in the Palmetto,
a numerous Sadie started tailgating me and blasting his horn.
This went on for four or five minutes.
When he finally passed me, he flipped me off.
He had a Cuban flag sticking on one side of his rear window
and a no-bama away on the other side.
Living in Miami with a bunch of right-wing A-holes gets to be old, says Cliff.
No kidding, Cliff.
I got out.
On a good note, I voted earlier.
Yesterday took one hour.
The weather was beautiful.
Everybody was in a good mood.
Even the old bag with the arthritic hip bring its hair to sit in.
Nice going, Cliff.
How do you like that?
No, Obama.
No, Obama.
Come on East, that, come on East, that, come on East.
He dealt with, he dealt with, he dealt.
Oregon, all the gases pumped by a service worker, says Rich.
In Oregon.
Do you want to go to Oregon?
I don't.
I have been.
Nice place.
I hear it's very nice, but it's just too far.
I don't like places that are too far from anywhere.
You know what I mean by that?
I like places that are far from everywhere.
And to be one.
I bet you I got a zitty of emails on that neal at neorodges.com.
And my outlook is fresh.
I'm clicking on it right now.
And they're right.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Woo!
Grandpa McCain will be on SNL tomorrow, my friends.
Big whoop it says.
Our former president liked Al Gore's and coconut creek today.
And this is the same guy you talk about.
This.
And it's got a link.
See?
Have a nice weekend, Tim B.
This is the same guy you talk about.
I'll click on the link just to humor Tim.
Because Tim generally has something worthwhile to send,
like that one I just read.
And I'm clicking on it.
And it's so this, the little thing is going around and around.
What do you call that thing?
What thing?
The little circular thing that goes around when it's searching for something.
That's the wait.
The wait.
The wait.
Just wait.
Review.
Wrap.
Review.
Wrap.
What is this?
Yeah.
It's the review wrap and it's long and it's an article and it's ponderous.
And it frosted my ass, Tim.
And I just deleted it.
Jim and Getsville, New York is back again.
Oh, I'm going to jump off the abalcany during the break.
Nice knowing you.
Happy Halloween.
Bye-bye.
We're going to give five seconds to the way out.
Why are you bastard?
Now you either go upstairs, we're going to dinosaur on foot on it.
We can go trick or treat.
Are you staying at rest and we stay home?
You're a joint.
You're getting right.
Halloween night.
There's no skin with a costume tight.
There's fire for me.
But step behind.
My court's consistent with a sea that's fine.
Halloween girls girls girls.
A bloody girl's gonna win get whipped.
Girls girls girls give a candy and then watch the strip.
Girls girls girls.
Oh.
Hey everybody, guess what I am?
The end result of a drunken back-speed group fest and a broken prophylactic?
It's 11.32 at 5.60 WQM.
Happy Halloween to you.
Happy Friday.
Tomorrow will promote day and November.
El Primero.
See.
Oh.
Speak any English.
Speak any English.
Okay.
Bob and Miami says, Buenos Toya.
When I downloaded Mozilla Thunderbird for sending a receiving email, it f'd up my outlook
expressed which remains f'd up even though I removed Thunderbird.
I now use my AT&T formerly Bell South web page for email.
Now when I send an email, I get a your message is on its way confirmation when it goes through.
Even an outlook you can check your sent mail to see if an email went through.
Yeah, I know that Bob.
My Firefox works just fine.
He says, so does mine, Bob, especially now that I deleted a bunch of extraneous crap on there?
I'm gonna try to vote early today.
This is Bob.
Hope it takes less than four hours.
I'm gonna use the D as in Democrat.
Only theory of voting is I have since I started voting.
And hope that my vote gets counted.
That Obama gets in and we can pull back from the precipice.
Maybe we can spend the next four years trying to get rid of all the fake pink 22 Democrats, Pelosi, Reed, Schumer, Clinton at all, in the House and Senate.
Nice going, Bob.
Nice work.
Go vote a few times.
Jim and Getsville, New York is back again.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
It's a little bit toasty, but a crack a whip.
A whip.
That was a little crack a window open.
Let's see for our good buddy, Paul Castronova, whose way past his prime, not that he ever had one.
14 already.
It's gonna be 17.
It's already 58.
It's gonna be 63 today.
And the sun is shining.
It's beautiful.
Much tonight to be sitting in here talking over a steamy microphone.
315 votes on the poll.
What's your goal, Chris?
500?
Sounds good.
Because we had a thousand and four on the first one on that crappy poll.
Let's see.
Kitty helps the jobless and flaccid.
Oh, what is that?
Oh, I can't wait to hear.
Oh, well, I'll have to print it out.
It's a long, it's a long thing if you've heard another expression.
Here's one that says from Kenny.
Hey there, Neil.
I did my part way to the lower and outer vote for Obama last week here in Orlando.
Successfully persuaded my mom to do the same at a boy, Kenny.
After sitting on the fences and independent, I'll probably change to a Democrat.
After learning a lot about Obama's politics and Democratic principles in general.
And how much better they are for the country.
My dad started becoming a Fox News Bill O'Reilly fanatic recently.
Really nauseating, but he's easy to debate because all he's got is George says is Bill O'Reilly's talking points.
If that.
I'm surprised that Obama's proposed elimination of taxes on seniors, making less than 50 grand has gotten more play.
Especially with all the old parts in cemetery village.
Love you and George Kenny in Orlando.
Thanks Kenny.
Oh, here's a great joke deleted.
And it's an attachment.
Oh my god.
They just don't listen.
They don't listen no matter what you say they don't listen.
So anyway, Jim and gets to New York says as one looks back at the Democratic campaign.
You can't help but wonder how the hell hell would Clinton got so far that broad had no experience in serving the Democratic campaign.
People in New York state or any other state for that matter.
She is a senator from New York.
I'm off for Obama, but I can't stand Hillary and I hope New Yorkers voter rather often as soon as possible.
Well, they will not.
I enjoyed the eight years of service that Bill gave us, but who the hell does Hillary think she?
What's the point of be waiting Hillary now?
Is she running for something now?
What is the point?
I know I've said it before and there's a certain order to the Clintons whenever I see them on TV or then I feel compelled to take a shower.
Take care and have a betting weekend says Jim and gets fill.
Yeah, you've said it before.
Give it a rest Jim.
Happy Halloween deal.
Okay, dress up as a human.
Put on a good act.
God, it's just, I don't know.
Oh, and then yesterday at the end of the show after we experienced we had with the annealed deal.
Hector says my faithful listener Hector, I think your faithful listeners are having fun at your expense.
Well, I like it some kind of a game like it was a joke.
Yeah, it is.
The website allows you to add up to five certificates to your shopping cart and subtract that same number from the remaining total.
If you then cancel the transactions certificates are returned to the available pool, that's increasing that number.
No fancy hacking here, just lifeless list news to this Hector.
I think your faithful listeners are having fun at your expense.
It's like it's a fun and games.
You know, like it was Halloween.
Today is Halloween Hector.
That was up 78.
It's been up all morning, not like humongous.
So it must still be a buying opportunity, wouldn't you think?
Yeah.
Here's one from somebody, Steven Jersey.
So this Halloween started early this morning watching some very bad soft porn movie.
In the last 20 minutes of Ableton, Castilla, meet Frankenstein and bed with my girlfriend.
Brought back fun memories of childhood except for the girlfriend part.
I'm forget a gas at the number of my friends, many going back 30 plus years to college days,
who are spewing McCain, Palin, BS.
And now look at these people in different light-wondering, how people I thought I knew were actually minest Nudniks.
There's a few things worse than being a mindless Nudnik.
Have now lost count of the number of school districts, including the Jupiter Florida School and my daughter, teachers,
who don't allow Halloween activities.
Some might be offended.
WTF, he writes.
What the?
Nudierzi's full service gasoline, except if you pull up on a motorcycle, then you can pump yourself.
But if you still can't run the credit card without the Taliban attendant, Nudierzi presses average 20 cents below New Yorker Pennsylvania, both self-serve states.
You still can't run the credit card without the Taliban attendant.
George, sorry for the comments earlier this week about not bothering Tunein when Neil is out.
We will sorely miss you out next week or not.
Oh, God.
What is wrong with this guy?
He even reminds me that Dan from Maryland guy.
The guy that was emailing me 4,000 times with a harness racing names and all that crap, hating and loving and hating and loving and then hating and then deleting.
Anyway, Steven Jersey also says Kirk Jerkstreet gets a raging chub hearing his own voice and it says,
Nobody in their right mind cares about Jerk Jerkstreet.
Okay, only, only jocks sniffing fools care about wannabes like him.
Where, where the hell did he come from?
Where, where do all these, they must have like a factory where they stamp out all these idiots that are on these them college and pro football shows?
ESPN.
Oh, that explains it.
ESPN.
We know what kind of people work at ESPN.
That was funny.
329 votes on the pool.
I don't give a shmit as they're at 8.
8 people.
We're going to go out there and find them.
Well, they're entitled not to carry.
You know, they're people go through life oblivious.
In fact, maybe we should also put on the poll.
What differences are make?
Yeah, right.
Of course, it makes a difference, but I'm just saying there are people who have those attitudes.
Sure.
Don't put it on there.
But WTF on there.
Yeah, WTF.
Get that on there right away.
In fact, that would be a good addition to a lot of our poll.
I hate WTF.
What the freak?
Tom says the information in the email I said you about Governor Chris's marriage was from a report on TV news.
When I heard you read the email, I noticed a sense of skepticism in your vocalization.
I grew up in Charlie, Chris, and phone articles only about his being engaged.
Nothing on him being married.
That's correct.
He wasn't married.
And he's never will be married.
Not to a woman anyway.
Please accept my apology for not verifying the information before making this statement.
I feel like a perfect ass.
Well, nobody's perfect, Tom.
Governor Chris is an enormous improvement over Jeff Bush.
Last thing I would want to do is discredit you or your show sincerely.
Tom C.
And then he then he also includes the one from yesterday or a repeat of the one about common knowledge that he was a gay when he before was elected.
Not among the Republicans.
No Republican candidates can possibly be gay.
Just like Mark Foley, they just made all that up and Larry Craig.
That was made up just another liberal comedy pink of attack on God and etc.
That was up 94.
It's inching toward a hundred up 98.
Oh, 333.
We're halfway to our goal.
333 on the O'Rourke's poll.
What's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome Obama by a landslide 146.
Obama wins but close 109.
Republican steel and other election 35.
McCain wins but close 27.
I don't give a shmit eight.
McCain wins a landslide eight and WTF just went on there.
T-ware of exploding balls.
This is John Kane, my friend.
And here's the case I bring before you, my prisoners.
I still have a post.
My friend.
I know it is like to struggle growing up my friend.
Yes, yes, I said struggle.
It wasn't enough.
Why, it was a very hard memory of bringing them.
You see, my prisoners, my father was just a lonely four star admiral.
My friends.
So when someone says to me they don't have help insurance, I say,
a car's half a head, a half a head, a half a head, a half a head, a half a head.
I should hurt my friend, shall you?
Get a pillow, five thousand dollar tax break for you.
Be sure it's company.
It would amount to any more than that.
My friend.
I'm John Kane and I'll prove my supporters can't kill him.
That's right, my friend.
Go ahead and kill him.
It's a white man worth my friend.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I catch that.
And it's a real easy way for him.
Saras to win.
Lumber 45 at 5.60 WQM.
Oh, what a beautiful day, man.
The sun is shining.
I'm going to go out there and do the trick or treat.
Arita.
No, I'm going to woodbite.
And trick or fog.
No, I'm neither one.
Young, young, young.
That's the guy's email address.
I see says Neil, I personally don't like Kristen all but what exactly is the source of the rumors that you spread about Chris?
They're not rumors.
They're fact.
Okay.
He is absolutely positively 190%.
Okay.
Just like I told you about Mark Foley, it takes one to no one.
A young, young, young, young.
At the rally yesterday with McCann, he had his fiancee at his side and the wedding is scheduled for December 12th.
As much as I dislike him, I also think it's unfair to spread things based on one or two guys who may have made something up unless you've got some better intuition.
There are some things known within certain communities.
Okay, about certain people that's been known for a long time about Miss Christ.
Miss Limpress Christ.
And he can have all the weddings that he wants.
Okay.
He is still absolutely 6,000%.
Okay.
But nevertheless, I don't want to burst your bubble.
Spangler with a very weak joke says, why don't they celebrate Halloween in India anymore?
You know the answer?
They never did.
They have no more Gandhi.
Oh.
Oh.
It's a.
It's not a cute Harry Halloween.
It is.
That's right.
Even the goblins can handle that.
Oh, and here's a really good one.
Psychotic.
I love the psychotic ones.
From McElroy Gates.
What is your problem?
You're crying about no emails and when you get one or two, you delete them and say they're chronic.
Well, guess what?
I know the ones who are chronic.
I'm sitting on this end and I see my emails.
You don't.
Schmuck.
And if they're just a little bit to the center as most of America is, you block them.
No, I block the ones who are chronic and I delete the ones who want to spew right wing propaganda.
Not the center.
I'm talking about ultra-right wing garbage.
With all the talking point lies about Obama.
All the crap.
Do us all a favor, either read all the emails or go back to bedtime stories or better yet isn't a time for one of your 42 vacations you take per year.
I sure wish.
Obviously somebody who really likes me and the show.
Now here's that thing about the pump.
Kitty helps the jobless and the flaccid.
I don't know if I can read this or not.
Well, just go through those solid types of things.
Well, that is one of our regulars and not a, you know, I don't mind regulars.
I just don't like chronics who, you know, like a realtor junior who wants to send 4,000 emails every day.
It's like, I'm your friend.
I'm your friend, my friends.
I'm your friend.
Same thing.
Anyway, Kitty at MiamiNewTimes.com has got a sex column.
Just send her your questions and she answers.
Here's one.
Here's the question.
I'm a 48 year old man with a wife two kids in strong libido.
My wife has lost interest in sex.
It might have to do with the fact that I've been jobless two years, leaving her to support the family.
But she also complains I don't get as hard as I used to.
I admit that when I have sex with her, it's not...
Oi!
Rock solid!
Until I'm about to.
I can't read this.
I can't read it.
Okay.
She calls him must-you're softy.
I see.
There are things we can take.
We can run commercials about hard and soft and thick and wide.
Because when somebody is paying for it, then it's okay.
But God forbid that we should say something like that on this show.
And then right away...
Oh, the FCC is going to come and take our license away.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
So I'm not going to read it.
So this has to be done.
With a cat?
With a what?
A cat?
Cat.
No one had nothing to do with a cat.
Okay.
I just didn't know where it was going.
No, it was not...
Well, it wasn't going there.
It was going right there.
I close the...
Welcome.
Roger and Donna said,
my wife and I listened to your show all the time.
We were retarded and done very well to the last year and a half.
We voted for Bush only to regret it later.
Oh, my God.
They voted for Bush.
They voted for Alfredi Newman, Jr.
I'm so glad that I blocked Realtor, Jr.
You're right.
I should have blocked him a long time ago.
We travel a lot.
We don't watch a lot of TV.
So we haven't been up on the current political numbers.
Always find time to listen to your show on the internet.
That's whenever we may be...
Wherever we may be at the time.
We're both Republican, but we're going to vote for Obama.
We think McCain is a good man with a decent record,
but his decision for in choosing Pailin solidified our doubts about voting his way.
We love you, Neil.
Keep us laughing and keep up the good work.
And I'm proud to say we're crossing the line this time voting for Obama,
who I hope will win Florida, but even if he doesn't win the selection.
Thanks, Roger and Donna.
Mark says,
See, now they're starting to puke in a little bit.
Now that I've bitched him out a little bit.
Yeah.
And this business about read all the emails.
Of course, I'm not going to read all the emails.
What kind of...
That's like saying put all the...
Oh, maybe he'd call us out here.
Read the spam, too.
Yeah, that's right.
Maybe that guy...
Maybe that guy likes spam.
Mark says, it's Mark, your harness racing guy here in Fort Lauderdale.
I was ready to die on Saturday with the breeder's cup.
I keep down, but four horses in an exacto,
which I did hit for $159.60.
But what wanted to kill me was the four horses I had was the super for an added 12 bucks I could have had the 10 grand.
I didn't hear if you bet it, but I hope you had better luck.
No, I did not.
I don't bet on horses.
Off to Pompidon Knight for the harness says Mark.
Good luck, Mark.
Roosy Ranger, the constant danger.
And Wally, how's it going, eh?
Wally?
Even George likes Wally, Hennessy.
That's right.
Hit him again, Wally.
Yeah.
Wally's over on the rail.
He's doing the termite trip.
He's scraping the rail.
Yeah.
He's looking for flowers, daffodils along the rail.
John Susie and I asked it Austin and Boka.
We've been loyal listeners since you were on at night.
Oh, God, do I remember those days when I was on at night?
Maybe with the now defunct standard brands on Wilton Drive.
Do you even remember that place?
No.
Was it E-Mac and Bolleos the night you were with Captain Dave and Stan was sitting on top of a car.
Our son just turned 18.
Was fortunate to be able to vote for a candidate, the quality of Senator Obama.
Loved to George too.
From John Susie and I Austin and Boka.
I can't say Austin.
I don't know why.
Madeline O'Hara used to live there.
She can't say it anymore either.
The Roman Catholic church, she was great.
She was, you know, crusty and a real, can a woman be a curmudgeon?
Of course.
Good, God.
Here is one about boo and bap bap.
Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, about just some Obama hate.
I'm not going to read it in spite of that guy.
Oh, read all the emails now.
I'm not going to read sick twisted hate.
Okay, from some racist A-hole.
Read them all.
Come on.
I dare you.
I double-blogged area.
I'm printing this one out from LaSeth.
Wait, I'll tell you one thing.
We get more lady emailers than we ever got lady callers.
I'll tell you that.
Newspaper layoffs in partnerships and the net conspired to kill South Florida
Dailies by that A-hole Bob Norman.
But he actually might have something to say or God, it's long.
Wow.
Holy crap.
This is from New Times.
You know Bob Norman?
I know.
You do you?
Yeah, we hung out.
We had breakfast this morning.
No, seriously.
Bob, you know who he is?
No.
You know?
No.
He writes for New Times, like I just said.
Oh.
Oh.
Here's Lydia who says, OK, sorry, no attachments.
Good.
Happy Halloween.
Neil, put up a new photo, will you?
No, it's not.
Let me say again, you hit it right on the other day.
We took eight billion photos during my parents at Gulfstream Summer.
They're all there on the way to the gallery.
If you want to see what I look like now, which believe me,
ain't much to be proud of, but nevertheless,
it sure is better than that old 20-year-old picture of Maya and they could fat.
Go and look at him.
God.
I used to sit on the stoop in Brooklyn.
I never heard this one.
I don't understand.
I'm making fried onions and chicken skins.
I'll let the skins.
I'll let you know how it turns out.
What is this woman talking about?
She says, let's support Obama.
He will need our help once he's now.
That's for damn sure.
He's going to inherit a nightmare.
The greatest singer alive today is Wildman Fisher, Neil.
I'm in shock.
You've never heard his song.
It says James.
You ever hear of Wildman Fisher?
No.
No, neither did I or anybody else.
And how does he know I've never heard his song since the name never came up before?
But anyway, there's a bunch of stuff.
Lissette says, high neil, I just read the article on your website about you with a freaking plumber.
The only question I'm left with is, are people that stupid?
Yes, they are, sweetie.
A lot of them are.
Dumber than dirt.
How is this guy in our lives?
Why does he matter?
He doesn't even own a business and he's worried about being taxed by Obama when you have to make quarter of a million or more, which is 95% of small business don't make.
I feel like I'm in a twilight zone.
And Joe Deplumer is the only thing we can pale in half.
Taxes, taxes, taxes and taxes.
He's going to tax you.
He's going to raise taxes.
That's all they're talking about.
Desperate.
Flailing around like a drowning dog.
It's pretty freaking sad, Lissette.
It says, I can think I can answer my own question.
People in this country are stupid.
Stupid.
If there's one word that I could come up with, Lissette, to describe the overwhelming majority of the American public, I'll find it.
That word is stupid.
Had a boy, Mo.
Mo knew it.
Stupid.
Mo knows his stupid crap.
So what's he doing now?
He's on the X-Men.
I don't know.
He's on the door.
He's on Bob Dole.
Well, I wouldn't have, wouldn't that be a great picture of him?
He did.
Yeah.
Mo on Bob Dole.
I think Bob keeps stabbing him with that pen.
Anyway, Bob Roman's got a thing about the Sun Central.
And now this is good stuff.
Thank you for, oh, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, your mama.
Jeff and Boehm and Beethas, I heard you speaking to Flea Monday. He sounds frightening like the chic.
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
I heard his show several times this summer, not too bad. He's a good guy.
Once he gets past the voice.
I guess meaning the chic is Flea don't have his show.
The chic has got to show somewhere.
He's been doing some fillin stuff on the station. Maybe they're talking about that.
What?
He's been doing some fillin.
Flea.
Flea.
The chic?
Yeah.
I saw Hank over the weekend.
And I ESPN actually he looked pretty human, not too shmourish. Yeah, Hank said, okay.
Although when I had lunch with him dinner, whatever that was that night, he looked like death on legs.
Yesterday I heard you mentioned possibly traveling to Mexico. Have you ever considered Brazil?
And he goes into a whole thing about Brazil for Tulasi and Atal, Reseife and Biyade, Adiade, Adiade.
And that's great, but I'm not going to Brazil.
And I'm hopefully not going to Mexico either until unless I get talked into it.
You know me.
Delt is beginning direct flights to Fort El Aysa from Atlanta in December.
All right, you can always depend on Rion, Sao Paulo for hot gay action too.
Oh, I wonder if I'll run into Charlie Chris there.
How come you make up stuff like that, Neil? Who the hell are you?
I always have a great time there and regret leaving Brazil. He says if Obama doesn't want to march us defect and become a mail order groomed, a fabulous Brazilian babe.
He says keep up the good work and don't let me get don't get going on the electric bill.
I am Frao Iliana Roslaten and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near roque harmonista hour.
Take Ion.
Honestly, the radio shopping.
And welcome back to the radio shopping club. I'm your host David new research shows men have biological clock just like women do.
Am I right?
Of course I do.
If you want a biological clock, but with all the bells and whistles, men love get this.
The RSC men's biological clock isn't as gorgeous as loaded with men's specific alarms that let you know when it's time to go.
I'm going to have a beer.
Here when it's time to blow off raking leaves and watch the game.
When it's safe to scratch yourself in public.
And when you put on sunglasses so your wife doesn't catch you looking at that hot girl.
See there?
Yeah. Now you might be wondering, hey David, is that my name?
Does it have a snooze button?
It's got something even better for those mornings when your wife wants to cuddle just hit this button.
Oh yeah, nine more minutes of peaceful sleep.
The RSC men's biological clock.
It does everything except tell you why your wife is managing.
RSC radio shopping club.
What was that? Was that the raspberry?
Oh, I had the monitor down. I wasn't listening.
Oh, I think this is the wrong disc too.
Oh, I'm just all screwed up here.
I got my disc all of a swished around.
Let me see.
Yeah, that's not even the right disc.
Oh my god, what is wrong with you?
You crazy old fag.
Anyway, I got to remind you, tomorrow night's the end of daylight time for this year.
Did you forget? I bet you did.
I forgot.
Sorry, I didn't even go to bed.
I turned the clock back one hour.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
I had to go to bed.
It's simply spring forward fallback.
It's simply spring forward fallback.
It's simply spring forward fallback.
Well, what's the difference between spring ahead and fallback?
Well, what's the difference between spring ahead and fallback?
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
Oh, geez.
There's John Zervolln case I want to get out anyIfting notes back here.
Oh, geez.
We're going to faces here with John Zervolln case because there is Nik episodes going on
New heaven pics going on.
Denegs were just fake of it.
There's John Zervolln as a way of telling friends to see someone president ultra.
So that's definitely what we call a lot of all.
So that's why you're looking through it.
right Chris yep you like candy cowly who no you don't like candy cowly no
why not why should I like her because she's a good reporter that's good but I
don't want to see anything so you don't watch CNN ever no I watch it occasionally
but not very often do you watch MSNBC ever when the old men's on you do watch over
women and I'm gonna say it again I just I watched Rachel Maddo last night and by
the way some of them say Maddo and some say Maddo right there on her
channel so again the nitpickers oh it's Rachel Maddo pronounce it right and
she's not a dick yeah right she's out of the closet so what the hell
differences are make
you know iguana two iguana says yo uncle near love the show my dad got me into
the show he's been listening since the beginning my girlfriend is a
McCain supporter and no matter what I say she won't change her stance it's sad I
was wondering if you could play one of the Buffalo Bob bits I heard those are
hilarious anyway keep up the work and go dolphins it says oh you were doing so
good till you got to that last part Iggy now one of the Buffalo Bill bits are
there more than one hmm it puts the large in the basket yeah I'll play the whole
one after the break five Norman writes newspaper layoffs partnerships and the
net conspired to kill soft Florida daily newspapers wow this is good it's
longer I'm gonna read it St. Lucie's bikini clad ex-teacher Tiffany
Shepherd rejects body centric magazine offers doors open for Tiffany
Shepherd just not the right ones Shepherd the 30 year old former
Port St. Lucie high school teacher who wants to go claim she lost her teaching
contract because of her bikini mate job yesterday said she turned out all the
magazines I didn't want to do playboy she said noting she saw legal advice and
learning that appearing in the magazine likely would mean she'd never teach
again I think appearing in playboy might be very instructive sure Shepherd a
mother of three became a media sensation after alleging she was released her
more teaching contract because of her job on smoking M charters which offers
tips with bikini clad and topless women the St. Lucie County school district
however cited Shepherd's excessive absences rather than the blondes gave with
the four peer-spaced charter service Shepherd's got more than 30
unexcused absences and two reprimands in her personnel file the publicity
shepherds had only opened doors to doing layouts using my body everybody was so
excited about that but that's not why I did the bikini chartering the whole
reason I started doing the bikini thing was because I was teaching and I'm
making enough money have three kids to support yeah I keep hearing Obama and
McCain everybody else all with their all talking about education when's
that gonna start in America when we're gonna start with some education so we
don't have so many stupid stupid stupid people who haven't got any idea where
the hell what's going on in the world you can't complain about the American
education because basically there isn't any and every few years they have
another one of these surveys at UM or some other horseball school colleges I'm
talking about and they asked the kids because you know most of the kids in
colleges are from like other parts of the country other states find your
hometown find New York City on the map all can do it find Florida on the map that
the big peninsula that's hanging down there hanging down it said like Tom
Dewey oh I can't do it it's Friday you best
this is Debbie hi Debbie I'm interested in getting some operations done okay and
some body contouring and some liposuction mm-hmm and I was wondering if it's
tummy tuck and lip augmentation cosmetic breast surgery face this for all of
these things mm-hmm I was wondering oh you like to start with well I need to get
everything done probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my my
thing okay we don't do that no could you do breast implants though I can't be
done but I don't know what they would do right away the lotion in the basket
mm-hmm how much five thousand excellent I'd like to have my skin resurface
too laser surgery have the lambs stop crying yet mommy excuse me don't hurt
mommy's little baby it puts the lotion in the basket I'd like to get the lip
perception that I saw on TV okay can you make me look more like a woman well
we'll have to see you first in there if I'm looking actually we can tell you
that when we see it should I wear my skin suit made of body parts mommy if you'd
like to it puts the lotion in the basket what you like to make an appointment yes okay
um there is a hundred dollar consultation fee that's fine okay okay um my
name is Buffalo Bill okay let me get a little information from you okay
okay it's my mom you right it puts the lotion in the basket I understand it puts
the lotion in the basket do you want to come in for a consultation
for the lotion in the basket okay do you want to make an appointment or you want to call me back
or put the lotion in the basket I got my skin suit and it's like
Bill it puts the lotion in the basket I understand that what you like it puts a
lotion in the basket what you like to make an appointment it puts the lotion in the basket
okay I will talk to you in the time okay it puts the lotion in the basket hello hello
you know that's the last funny bit that we can play an ass from like 10 years ago
right I mean there have been some in the interim that were pretty damn funny but we
can't play him no mole I just mentioned that in passing Craig and Phoenix is
I'm pleased to report that mole is landed on his feet as the co-host along with
Dan Reeves of an NFL show on serious I happen to cross his melodic soothing tones
on my way home from work yesterday doit-doit-doit-doit and
sense your couple of less than compelling less than energetic interviews I just
heard the voice had flashbacks and couldn't turn away and then Craig writes all the
best doy doy doy doy do, doy, doy, doy doy do, doy do, doy, doe, it's you know doh as
opposed to doy work on your doh's Craig and have a happy Halloween
440 votes on that survey about who do you think is going to win the election?
How's it going to turn out?
What's your take?
What's your take?
What do you think?
What's your take, Pepto Bismol?
Yeah.
That was up 55 points.
It's not doing much.
Four days to election day.
Oh, happy day.
Like I said, let's get it over with already.
God.
Let's see.
The Pride of Hallendale Beach says it appears that the frogs have begun their migration.
They're old.
They're cheap and they're ugly.
Could you please say a little prayer for us and have a nice day?
Yeah, we'll say a little prayer.
Call up your re-through on Havrasing and Deon Warwick too.
I say a little prayer for the folks in the Hallendale because the frogs have landed.
Oh, here's the item.
It says sorry, the LinkedIn work.
Especially interesting are the harrumps from the Republicans.
First, the email that the county Republican forwarded.
Oh, it's long.
It's long.
It's long.
Oh, it goes on forever.
Well, maybe I'll get to it and most likely not.
Here are some thoughts from somebody else.
I can say as a young black man under 30, I've never seen
strong theorist races in America.
Of course, I've experienced the glances.
A few name calling.
The old ladies squeezing their purses a little tighter when I walk by.
But never anything like this.
The presidential election has made me more aware.
Neil, a few opinions for you.
Okay, I'll print that out.
It's not too long.
But in the meantime, we got to get to that Bob Norman,
who fancies himself as quite a maven, quite a medium maven.
He's this is from the new times.
The laws of news is almost imperceptible.
There's really no way to know what stories we might be missing when there's no one reported.
It's clear though that one story, some photos, three big dailies,
the Palm Beach Posts on Central and Miami Herald have largely missed,
concerns the bloodletting happening in their own industry during this brutal economic
during town, a downturn.
What I say during town?
Better leave old dirt town.
I think of that during town.
The shrinking three have handed down nearly a thousand buyouts in layoffs during last
couple of years, according to my estimate.
About 350 of those workers were lost in the newsrooms.
I ended up those numbers from the layoffs I reported on my blog, the Daily Pulp,
because complete documentation of the slaughter can be found nowhere else.
The newspapers aren't just dramatically downsizing, they're also slowly morphing into one another.
All three struck a deal to share stories on their internet sites,
meaning that a reporter for one at any given time is essentially reporting to all three newspapers.
The Sun Sentinel and the Herald are not distributing each other's newspapers in areas once,
hardly contested, and just last week it was announced that Sentinel will not print and distribute
the post, that's the Palm Beach Post, a move that will cost 300 workers their jobs.
These are the same two newspapers you write we call that were recently a full-on bitter turf war.
For newspapers it feels like Armageddon, but what does it mean for you?
Start with smaller papers, less information, and more or less half-baked articles.
Smaller papers like the Sun Sentinel, which you can read the whole three pages of it sitting on a can.
Throw in less coverage of your towns and counties, Tallahassee bureaus have been haved,
reporters are covering two or three cities at a time, and in-depth pieces have become a rearer
commodity, which often, while often meaningless, briefs are all a rage.
The Sentinel, which has never been considered a top newspaper in terms of
journalist equality, produces a fraction of the journalist's content it did a couple years ago.
Its front page now features only one story. Among the dozens of journalists who have been
let out the door, Tim Kali, a long experienced long form writer, and Joe Dema, the investigative editor.
The post has seen most cuts to its newsroom staff, entire sections have been shared,
a shocking number upwards of 50 of its veteran editors and reporters took by-outs, including
political editor Brian Crowley, Washington Bureau Chief Larry Lippman, assistant mentor editor
Douglas Callaghan, longtime cartoonist Don Wright, and a slew of calmness. It's gotten so bad
that the one's proud and state newspaper is hired a media consultant company, which specializes
in TV news, no less, to invade the newsroom. As publisher Doug Franklin put it in October 10th
memo to staff, Frank Maggett associates will be working in the newsroom for six months to help shape
our future. They brought the maggots in the newsroom. Of the lot, the Harold has probably held up
best as it continues to put out quality investigative work, but it's to seeing the motto news that
produces dwindle as it's gotten rid of about 150 newsroom employees, including storied veterans
like Martin Merzer and Phil Long. Last week Harold executive editors Anders Gillenhal,
likened what happened in the newspaper industry to be hit by a hurricane. Be told,
may he doesn't believe there will be any more job losses at his newspaper. Perhaps, but
oh, he says, I just don't see that happening, say Gillenhal, who was reported for the newspaper
back in the early 80s, hey, day. It's been a difficult period, but everybody in the newsroom knows
we need to do what we need to do, whether it's a literal hurricane or a figurative on, which is what
we're going through in a way is a newsroom that is taking on and handling it. Perhaps, but just
barely say some of those left behind to keep the website hopping and the dwindling print edition
filled with any copy. We're doing more with less and there's a lot of chaos in the process. One
Harold reported told me the constant crush to put up news 24 hours on the web creates huge holes
in our reporting. We just can't seem to move fast enough to get the newsroom reorganized with all
the people leaving. The people still there are getting burned out. Things are starting to fray.
It's hard to motivate people with their futures uncertain. They're not getting raises. Their pay
was never much to begin with. Anybody who sits there and says, where is going to progress? We were
a year ago, I think they're lying said this person at the Harold. Gillenhall didn't go as far to say
the newspaper as a whole is better after the cuts, but he did say some aspects of it had improved.
The heart of what this newspaper does is very much in place. He said when asked to compare the
current newsroom to that of the 80s, what is not in place is state coverage. We don't have a
bureau in Naples or Palm Beach County. We don't have the foreign bureaus or what we do have is changed.
A lot of things have been rearranged. They've been changed. It goes on about McClatchy is
struck at the EO descent. Ten acres of waterfront land next to one Harold Plaza for millions of
dollars to help pay down its debt. The Sentinel's Perent Tribune company may be in worship. It
recently took a $3.8 billion right down on its assets. Analysts that fit cut their rating on
tributes, $13.4 billion in debt, setting an acceleration of declines in the newspaper advertising
revenue and cash flow with the Tribune. As for Cox newspapers, the owner of the Post-its-Rather
Drastead Coss Cutting Measures also indicated company in Fight for its Survival in August
and announced plans to sell the Austin American Statesman to help pay off its debt. That's Cox
newspapers and Cox broadcasting and Cox will hoist to them. That's for its leader.
The
Macarena
Macarena
Would you like to see it again?
When your alarm goes off in the morning, Macarena. When one of your children reaches for
cereal and fruit, Macarena. Macarena. Macarena. Macarena. Macarena. Macarena. Macarena.
Come 32 a.m. Swinneyway. I potted it up and I was going to use that as like the background for all,
you know, who are speaking in Palm Beach? Yeah. And as soon as I did that, they chopped them off.
Contessa came on MSNBC. You know Contessa? Yeah. Oh God. Where do they find these people?
Again, there must be all these factories where they stamp out the talking head network newsreaders.
God.
I see Michael. Where's Thomas? He's must be around here somewhere.
There he is. Hey Thomas. He's hanging out with James Deplum.
One of the great secretaries of state who's going to make sure that every voted is counted in Iowa.
Michael Morrow.
That was up 42 points by the way. An outstanding member of Congress. A great friend lettered
Boswell. Iowa, he's going to win in a glanslide in Iowa. Are you aware of that?
I hope so. What about you, Fat Chris? You were that Obama's going to win in a glanslide in Iowa?
I am now good. It's not even going to be close.
465 votes on your pool. You got that 500 licked man. I say we go for six.
600 or bust. 600 or Chris is finished. What do you say? Sure.
Want to go for your fat ass online for 600 votes on the cash or what? Yeah. This is so easy.
I mean, everybody's got an opinion on this. It's like noses and a-holes. Everybody's got one.
What's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome? Obama wins by a landslide 201.
Obama wins for close 160. Republican steel and other election 50. God forbid.
McCain wins but close 35. I don't give a shmit nine. McCain wins by a landslide nine and WTF 8.
WTF.
Now anyway, here's this good email. And the guy sent me that other long email about the right
wingers in Hillsborough County just too long and ponderous. My God. God.
There's bigots in Florida. Did you know that? There are. And then the article that he sent to me
is about 85 million awards proving that there are bigots especially with their like in the Tampa
St. Peter. No, shocks me like in lutes. Anyway, Robert says, hey,
Neil, I can say as a young black man under 30 years of age, I've never seen a strong clear racism
in America. Of course, I've experienced the glances. A few name callings. The old lady squeezing
their purse is a little tighter when I walk by, but never anything like this. And this
presidential elections made me more aware. Neil, a few questions for you that are now obvious.
Just amazing how the American people are like to sheep that many of them are just stand back and take it.
One, the electoral college, how is it possible in a state for example, where 99% of the people
can vote for a particular candidate? There's a system in place where the powers that be can legally
cast the states vote for somebody else completely. Well, first of all, how can there be an
electoral college in the first place? Two, how is it possible that you can go to a bank by a car,
by a house, by a soda public and get a receipt for your transaction, but not a receipt for voting?
And three, how is it possible that it's not a national holiday or some kind of government mandate
with jobs that every employee gets a mandatory day off to go to vote? And the government would
compensate those businesses for the employee's time because it's Zine America, Robert. Look it up.
Neil, I could go on and on the selection scare. As me, there are no safeguards in place by the voting
machines and the things I've mentioned to say the selection cannot be stolen. Is this a perfect
design for a criminal to perform a heist whenever he or she wants to? Finally, a side thought says, Robert,
how is it possible that you or I can be brought up on a court law for something like manslaughter
for the accidental death of someone's life? You had Bush in this administration of causes that
that the thousands of people with more evidence every day than it was intentional, but yet this man walks
free. He is an entire staffer not behind bars awaiting the death penalty, even for the loss of one
human life. Very right to it, Robert. You got your thumb right on it. How is it possible that Bush
in Cheney and Rumsfeld and all these neo cons, Wolfowitz and Richard Puril and all these William
Crystal, all these neo-con lunatics aren't on death row. Four thousand dead American soldiers,
hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqi civilians, and nobody's even talking about that, even Obama don't
talk about that. Chance by the polls or the punishments. We knew how steep our climb would be,
but I knew this. I knew that the size of our challenges had outgrown the smallness of our politics.
I was convinced that Democrats, Republicans, Americans, very political strike, they were hungry for
new ideas, a new leadership, and a new kind of politics, the favorite common sense over ideology,
that focused on the values and ideals that we have in common. And most of all, I had confidence in you,
the American people. I had confidence in the people of Iowa because I knew that the American
people are a decent people and a generous people. And a stupid people, so let's hope for the best.
Four days ago, baby, I think we can do it. What do you think? Yep. With your help. Now,
George is not voting. Chris already voted. No, no, I, I, what? Not yet.
I fed X mine in there. I'm sure it's there today and maybe it'll get counted.
You know, even when I voted right there in person in 2000 in plantation,
and at that time it was right across on sunrise Boulevard, that park,
and even when I voted in person, then all that stuff started with a hanging chads and all the other
things that went on there. And I said to this day, I'm really not sure that my vote counted.
So hell of a commentary. Well thought out thoughts there, Robert. God bless America.
Good luck to us. God bless, Fidel. Oh, I'm sorry. The UN General Assembly yesterday voted
overwhelmingly for the 17th year in a row in favor of lifting the 46-year-old U.S. Trade
embargo on communist rule Cuba and Savannah hoped for better ties with the new U.S. administration.
Some of the hundred some 185 of the assembly's 192 members approved the resolution,
which reiterated reiterated a call upon all states to be framed from promulgating and applying
laws and measures such as those in the U.S. embargo in conformity with their obligations
out of the charter of the UN and international law. The U.S., Israel, and Palau voted against the
resolution while McWinnesia and the Marshall Islands abstained. 185 of the 192 members approved
the resolution. The U.S., Israel, and Palau voted against it. What the hell is Palau?
Don't you know? No. It's over yonder. Seriously, you've ever heard of it? Yeah. Where is it? I don't
know. I'll Google it. Google it. The margin of support for ending the embargo has grown steadily
since 192. When 59 countries voted in favor of the resolution, the figure was 179 in 2004, 182 in
2005, and 184 in 2007, and 185 now. Ronald Goddard, the U.S. State Department Senior Advisor for
Latin American Affairs, defended the embargo and blamed the communist regime in Havana for Cuba's
woes. Cuban Foreign Minister Felipe Perez Al-Hok welcomed the vote, but also looked at the future
U.S. Cuban relations after next week's White House election. The U.S. Economic Trade and Financial
Sanctions were imposed 46 years ago following the failed Bay of Pigs invasion by the U.S.
Cuban exiles. Noting that the U.S. embargo is older than Barack Obama, my entire generation,
Perez Al-Hok said the new U.S. President will have to decide whether to concede the embargo
as a failed policy, which each time creates greater isolation and discredits his country,
or whether it continues with obstinacy and cruelty to try to wear out the Cuban people with hunger
and disease. So where is Palau? It's in the middle of the Pacific east of the Philippines,
north of New Guinea. New southwest of Guam. Did you say Guinea? I did. I wonder if they ever heard
that song, Papa Uma Mau on Palau. What do you think? Got to ring to it. Papa Uma Mau. That was up
55 points. We got 490 votes on the pool. We're inching toward that 500. I think you're going to make
six, Tubby, 491. Hey, calm down there. And if you make six, something you're getting a big
humongous race, you sports leader. Oh, God. Are you ready for some football then tune in to
ESPN game? And he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up. Oh, yeah. ESPN game.
Cowboys, bears, vikings, hackers. You'll get them all on ESPN game. He's going to fire into his guy
right here. He'll be swept. Of course, you force your port smell. The passion. He just wrote
him backwards. He's going to run on his back. This ain't some makeover show on Bravo. It's the NFL
on ESPN game. And then everyone's kind of slopping around down there and grunting and groaning.
And you know, you get mud and stuff flying and game battles and swaps and blackfires. ESPN game.
Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction. I don't know where that one came from.
Sundays will never be the same. That would look like it. The last shot out of the Roman
candle. Call your cable operator now and demand the ESPN game. What a big old boy. What a
meal. Those guys will have a good ESPN game. Now that's a mouthful.
From 45 at 560 WQM. Happy Halloween to you. It's Friday and there ain't no Halloween
tricks coming on Tuesday. Not for John McCain. No treats. He's going to get walloped. I think
the old coup. They were shown a little while ago that he's just massive lines of people in
in in Georgia. Yeah. Waiting online hundreds maybe thousands of people also snaked around. You
know, waiting to vote. And you know what most of them had in common. What in Atlanta? What? Oh,
never mind. What? Nothing? They were black. Yeah. Not all of them. Just most of them. Now,
do you think they were voting for? I mean, decide to take a different room. Yep. And I'm going to
say it again. The idea that this is the way that voting should take place. You have to be a crazy
person to believe that this is sane. That people shouldn't have to stand in line for hours and
hours and hours to cast a vote. And yet I get crap for that. In fact, here's some more crap
from Michael Roegates, who has given me a certain advance about how I should read all the emails.
And if I get anything from somebody who's even a moderate, I won't read it. Yeah. Moderate my ass.
You are wrong. You know, I'm not a right wing nut job. I've been lifelong Democrat. Well,
goody, goody gum drop. Like there's no crazy Democrats. I was raised in the Union household. As I
said before, I'm more to the center as is most of America. I voted for Obama last week. And I'm
a business owner and I've made over 250K. And I know under an Obama administration, my taxes will go
up. And so will mine, Michael Roy. And who cares? What would the incentive seal be giving it will
be better for me and my employees? This reminds me of 68 when Bobby Kennedy was running and with Obama
running, it gives you that same sense of hope. That's correct. You said you came down here last week
and you didn't vote shame on you. If you really think your mail-in vote is going to count, ha.
Get off your ass catch your plane. Remember, fourth and cash your vote. If you're still believe in
America, as you say you would do it. Remember, ask not what your country can do for you. Blank,
blank, blank, blank. What a jackass. Lectures from the audience. Isn't that what I come in for
every day? Don't you show up for that? Oh, yeah, that's a perk to get lectured by the audience.
That's right. I don't have enough speech for you in my house.
I'll Roy screw you to think that my vote is going to count. How do you know your vote is going to count?
Because you go to some machine in some polling place that guarantees you're going to count.
I guess you missed the last two elections in Florida, Ohio, Schmuck.
510 votes. Nice going by Fant Chris. 512. He's well on the way toward that 600 total. All right.
Then he's going to get a huge raise. Let's see. Dr. Al says, I just finished
teaching my intro to philosophy and philosophy for class on Descartes.
According to Descartes, I can know there is a physical world out there. What is this crap?
Do you have any idea what he's talking about? No.
PS, we could make an ideal couple except for the fact that I'm old 53 ugly,
head of a sexual and happily married. Otherwise, we might be perfect together. Go away, Dr. Al.
Idiot. Neil, most importantly, I'm still streaming it. Says Tampa John. Good. He's been peeing for almost
three hours now. Keep the stream coming, baby. The thousand of 78 and a half point. Oh, speed of
that. Here's one from fake Jolly Jo Bell. Very weak. This is the worst. I mean, see,
then this is why we're not getting a lot of good emails. For a few days there, some of the fake
people were sending some fairly humorous crap, right? Remember that? Yep. Especially the
fake fat Chris, we haven't had one email today from the fake fat Chris. What the hell is wrong with
you? I'm sorry. I'll get back on it. I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about the fake fat
Chris is much more entertaining than you'll ever be. Oh, well. BBGI stock is up. Neil, it's time
to get into the market now that we have record low prices. The S&P is also up today. Neil,
what do you have to say about that? Oh, says Jolly Jo Bell. What I have to say about this email is
it's the weakest of them all yet. The fake Jolly Jo's and the fake fat Chris is really weak.
Weak. It's big in a week. Wait, did you hear this? This is mostly your responsibility. Do you
know a guy named Jeffrey Lee at Resurrection Drums in Hollywood? I know of him. There's
an big event coming up this weekend because a listener sent me something to read. I read it.
You read it? I read it once. Then why did he send it to me again? I guess he wants it
read again because it's coming up this weekend and I'm not on. Jeff had Resurrection Drums. I'm
George's neighbor in Hollywood. My story is in Hollywood just west of 995 and north of Pemberk Road.
Next to the pleasure in Poryam. I need your help on Sunday, November the 2, the largest
drumming event in the history of the world. Guinness recognized will take place across nine cities
in North America. The city of Hollywood has given us the arts park, young circle to put on our
event. There'll be food, beer, live entertainment, fabulous drummers over 15 G's of drum gear give
aways. Even an authentic Ringo Ludwig signature drum, signed by Ringo. In case you didn't hear
Ringo recently, now she was no longer signing anything. Ringo sucks. But anyway,
Alamani made will go to my drums for our local public schools music program where the government
cuts crippled our kids music education programs. Mr. Holland's Opus penis foundation is our charity
sponsor. I need your help. Can you help us spread the word on us? That's what I'm doing right now,
Jeff. Just relax. Our fair city has been unbelievable letting us have the park and we need every
drummer and software to sign up and be part of this event. I'm attaching our official press release,
our national ad that's running every major drum mag, our latest informational email.
More is available by calling Res Resurrection Drums in Broward 926-0204 and date 945-8096.
Or on our website, resdrums.ruzdrums.com. What does that mean?
I was in Resurrection. Sure, I guess. Sure. Please forward this to Tommy,
Bo Combrion, anybody else you think that could help and we'll graciously accept any personality
appearances, airtime, etc. Are you going to be showing up there? Go see George at this place.
And feel free to call if you have any questions or need any other for info.
Says Jeffrey Lee from Resurrection Drums.
Resdrums.com. All new drummers out there show up in your hummers. All new drummers.
It's going to be this Sunday. Doesn't say what time. Does it?
I'm not sure. Hollywood circle. Well, never less. So there's your appalled this Sunday,
November 2. For I know, November already tomorrow. Oh God, the pressure and my
rectum, anus is just squealing from the pressure.
You Utah professors this ex-gay therapy group deliberately misrepresented her research.
Dr. Lisa Diamond charges come a week before NARTH's annual convention in Denver.
Truth Wednesdays out released an exclusive video interview with University of Utah
professor Dr. Lisa Diamond who said the National Association of Research and Therapy of
Research on Sexual Orientation. Dr. Diamond's assertion comes a week before NARTH's annual
conference in Denver, which will take place November 7 through 9. Dr. Nicolosi, you know exactly
what you're doing said, Diamond in the video addressing NARTH's co-founder Dr. Joseph Nicolosi.
This is a willful misuse and disturge to my research. Not an academic disagreement.
Not a slight shading of the truth. It's willful distorsion. It's illogical admit it's irresponsible.
You know that and you should stop. We're fighting back against the gross distorsions of our lives
by anti-gay organizations who manipulate science for political gain said Wayne Beeson,
executive director of Truth Wednesdays out. These organizations claim to be moral but often
push scientific research in the most shameless and dishonest ways imaginable or committed to exposing
their lives and ensuring that science is accurately and honestly presented. Science. Oh, what would
DeSera have to say about that? She probably wouldn't be winking no more. She likes that winky blinky.
She does. My floater is just bugging me. The one in my left eye. The old floater.
Bugging me band. If there was a god there would be no floater. No floaters. Just sinkers.
I wonder what ever happened to the sink or float lady.
She's probably hanging out with that guy who was checking out his girlfriend's goods in the bowl.
Remember that? Oh yeah. Lisa Diamond PhD is an associate professor in psychology
at gender studies and department of psychology at the University of Utah. She's won a number of
awards for her work in 2000. She published a study sexual identity attractions and behavior among
young sexual minority women over two year period. The study was distorted by a north. The anti-gay
organization falsely claimed Dr. Diamond's work shows that sexual orientation is amenable to change.
Not yet. Just snap your fingers and all of a sudden I'll be like a chasing the ladies. Oh,
when Joe Rose yesterday asked again that that that obnoxious super agent. What else is named
Joe Rosenstein Schwartz grants? Yeah. How are you doing with the ladies? Oh Joe stop it already. How
are you doing with the ladies? Do you care about how Joe Rosen crans is doing with the ladies? No
I only care how one person is doing. That's right you. That's right. That's all you should care about. How
these religious nuts drooling over Pellan on Pellan herself. Religion is to spirituality what
Pornow is to sex. I know I must be God because when I pray to him I'm talking I find I'm talking
to myself. It says Lawrence nice going Larry. I must be God because when I'm talking to him I'm
talking to myself. Black Tuesday it says George Richards on Frozen Pond in the Harold. You hear
no Joe I'm writing this none whatsoever but a few my friends our friends lost their job today.
The Panthers put at least ten of their loyal employees on waivers today folks who stood up for
the organization over the years people in sales charity and PR all of this blamed on a crummy
economy. Michael York Mack whom I hope to speak to tomorrow broke the bad news to his staff
earlier this afternoon. From all reports he delivered the news with a heavy heart. From what I've
been told five of the cuts came from his sales staff. I put in a request to interview Mr. York Mack
but don't know if that will happen. We shall see this is what I've heard it says.
This is from George Richards on Frozen Pond the hockey people. Well like I said how that how
that franchise stays in business I have no idea. I mean now the deal is if you go there and you show
your drivers license you get free tickets to go in. How do you make money doing that?
And I'll tell you one thing that Ottawa Game last night there were a whole lot of people disguised
as empty green seats. Let's be Halloween guys. People with no
I just pray you quit I like to shave my legs arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers
one and two hours. You're fairing.
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to go to eat. I want to hear you go on a date
but there's no chance at all so does nothing for you sports quit if I want to see him grab the balls.
Absolutely.
Here's the new national CNN polar polls Obama 50 McCain 43 7% are still thinking about it.
I got a high-division screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want but I ain't gonna never get none.
No the days of a visit school okay that's not so great but I'll go show no
at least until he's 28.
Last time I heard Brady was backing up for the brownies.
Isn't that correct Chris correct I got an email from Chris by the way in a second.
Steven Jersey says I'm honored that my earlier reference to WTF in spread its addition to the
poll hopefully all in all future polls as well sometimes that just says it all.
Is that what Tom Cruise said in that movie?
Sometimes you just got to say WTF.
What movie was that?
I don't know. Don't tell me. Yeah yeah you do.
Risky business. Risky business.
Risky business that's where he is dancing in his underwear on a couch and he still
was a hunchback.
Yes and a closet.
You say how can you say that Neil he's been married he's married now.
Yeah just like the Charlie Chris crap some of you people are so slow so slow.
Tony Perkins they married him off to before he croaked.
Ask what's his name?
Tab Hunter about how straight Tony Perkins was he said he said yeah we're straight.
Anyway George it says Steven Jersey just busting your chops you bring a different
here here's an interesting expression you bring a different level of energy than
Neil but no less important enjoy your week off.
You bring a different level of energy that's you know what that means?
Yeah I do you mumble.
What does that mean you bring a different level of energy?
I guess I don't know I'm more sedate maybe.
Are you?
I'll try to spout out more I'll try to be more of a more flattened spout.
How can I bring more energy to the show than you the Dow is up 93 by the way.
How can I bring more energy now maybe you bring more energy?
I don't know I'll start doing some coke before the show or something if he thinks that'll help.
He said have a great enjoy your week off.
I'm gonna.
He said it was just busting your balls.
That's all right I don't care.
And he did a while.
I'm already on vacation.
Yeah I noticed.
538 votes on the pool fat Chris.
Bob Labyrin says hey Neil I heard you asking for emailers earlier this morning.
I was getting ready for work.
I voted early for Obama yesterday.
We'll spend the weekend volunteering for the campaign.
I know my vote will count here in California.
I hope there are still in places where there needed to be like
Florida Virginia Pennsylvania Ohio.
With memories of 2000 2004 I'm nervous but still hopeful.
Fat Chris put down the donut and walk away slowly.
I've lost 30 pounds since January you can't do this is Bob.
Put down the donut fat so.
Well I haven't had a donut in a long time.
Chris be cream I can't eat only one box.
Yeah here's the email from fat Chris well I'm just reading it over.
See this is the kind of stuff that I love.
Neil I hate you.
I've emailed you time and time again and for some reason you think that the
constant barrage of insults about me being a fat
slob ugly lazy fat stupid and fat somehow doesn't affect myself as
team well it does you fag.
I remember the days when you were very fat Neil how would you like it if
every day someone you were supposed to love and respect
call you these terribly offensive names all day long.
I don't know how much more of this I can take Neil now that I'm
pounding Jolly Joe in his bloody oh I can't read that every night.
I will soon have some cloud with the company.
Then you will fear me Neil I'm warning you again Neil but this time you have my power to fear.
Soon Jolly Joe and I will be a couple and not just lovers then he'll do whatever I say
you'll be fired.
Die you queer fat Chris.
PS I love you.
See what I mean how eloquent you even got a chuckle from George
that would be stuff baby good stuff something about Jolly Joe's
Colonel Cornhole candy corn hole that when you mentioned candy corn the other day
as soon as you said it I could picture it in my mind sure but I hated oh
all your people out there they're gonna be given out candy to the kids tonight
don't give many candy corn it's nasty.
If you want to be evil give out Hershey's um
one of those things I was talking about the other day I'd pull your teeth out.
Score no good no no those are the ones all the kids will be at the dentist by the end of the week.
541 votes on a pool I think you got your 600 made in the shade big raise coming for fat
Chris 543 it's better than negative email he just sent me.
Oh here's Ephraim in norleans.
My brother married his partner last weekend to California when I came back to tell the story
the looks on the faces of these folks was you got to be kiddin me
well he's in norleans you know or in batthon Rouge even worse I then asked them to describe a
straight wedding for me after doing so I dropped pictures of my brothers wedding on these
bastards and guess what they saw in the pictures the same effing things they had just described
at a straight wedding and then it's got a long long article here oh my god it goes on for
from Ephraim Owens thanks Ephraim got an article that's like 40,000 words
I'll give your brother and his boyfriend a big kiss for us they're gay.
I hear's another fake email from Chung Sing Young
Neil I'm originally from China I find the coverage of the political erections on John
McCain on TV very boring I have more interest in my own personal erections says Chung Sing Young
No speaking English no speaking English oh so the new CNN Polo polls on the markets of 100 points
by the way. Democrat the new CNN poll show is a nationwide seven point lead and this is from
yesterday's poll not from them from Zogb C&N a C-SPAN and Reuters Obama opened a seven point lead
over McCain with five days left in the race yesterday Obama leads 50 to 43 which is exactly
what CNN shown today in the National Tracking Poll it was the second consecutive day Obama's
lead is grown as the two year presidential battle draws to a close he moved from five points ahead
to seven ahead this is not good news from McCain the race was tightening for a few days but now it's
going back the other way post to John Zogb he said thanks God support for Obama a first term
senator from Illinois hit or exceeded the 50% mark for the seventh time in the last 10 days
McCain support is not reached 46% in more than three weeks of polling Obama held steady or expanded
his edge among several crucial blocks of swing voters leading by 19 points among independence
10 points among women 9 points among Catholics and 7 points among voters above the age of 65
how do you like that even the old folks now finally getting with it they're getting jiggy with it
can you believe that I believe it Obama also moved ahead of McCain by five points among men
McCain still leads by eight points among white voters but only earns the support of about 30
percent of Hispanics about 30 a fast growing group that gave president Bush more than 40
percent of their vote in 2004 the poll also found Obama was doing a better job of reaching across
ideological lines earning this important nearly 20 percent of self-described conservatives
McCain wins only about 10 percent of self-described liberals both candidates campaign of Florida
Wednesday as Obama simultaneously ran that you know I haven't had one email about that 30 minute
thing which I didn't get to see
yell did you if you had any did you watch it no
no you also appear to late night rally that night in Orlando with the former president
Bubba very in Bubba independent Ralph Nader received two percent of the national survey you old goat
get out already Nader you silly ass and you know what's much worse than Nader what is those
four more still vote for him the people still vote for him and libertarian bob bar was one
percent about two percent of national white voters man undecided in that pool the ruling tracking
pool taken Monday through Wednesday survey 12 or two likely voters in the presidential election
and attracting poll the most recent days results are added while the oldest days results are dropped
it's like the trends it's like the arbitrage trends I bet you we got another one coming sometime
like in late November and it's going to be really bad the U.S. President while we know I know that
who else writing this Reuters they have to tell us how the president is determined oh my god
give me a break it's like reading the Sun sent oh man it's like the weekly reader
it's like mad magazine are they still published mad magazine washer that's one of the things I
missed from my childhood yeah I need to say this mad magazine know that's because Don Martin died
and Williams King yeah all those guys died that's one of the horrible things that happens in this
world as people get old and they die or people don't even get to get old and die or here's fat Chris
again you don't get to decide that money we'll talk after the show it says that no that's actually not
from that's for me what do you mean that's from me that's a real one yeah this is from clearance
yeah what a bastard let me print it out make sure I read it correctly you don't get to decide
yeah did you see what the what I said to him that he replied to that no just just a second I'm
printing it out I want to make sure I get every dot and tidal jot and diddle here it comes it's coming
out oh minor quakes had Dallas force worth well none too soon okay here it is from a Chris
wailin to I don't understand it's it from Josh Darrow you don't get to decide that money we talk
after the show Monday I guess then from Chris was looking for you before the show so told
Allison I'll be here Monday through Friday no reason to work Saturday since what since there's
no canes game that can be my day off and Josh Darrow writes back can you work Monday I know you
read him in the wrong order can you work Monday was first then my response and then his
well this is the order that they're on here that you just sent me schmuck well that's the way it goes
on an email you don't get to decide that that was the last one yeah that was the most recent one
when I said I'll take Saturday off since there's no canes game you know get to decide that this
is the kind of language you get from our program director who treats everybody like subhuman garbage
like he told me you're a promotion stand up our ranch what a big shot stop the eye
America loves to watch boobs and butts and boinkings
it's a new are you smarter than it's it's greater tonight are you smarter than a bit greater
all contestants are family has the same ups and downs as any other the same challenges and the
same joys sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge the first ever westbound pony express
delivery started in Missouri and ended in what US state the great state of Alaska
yeah no smarter than a fifth grader which of the following is a country in Africa Albania
Argentina Algeria Canada Mexico and then yeah that trip that was a trip of a lifetime and we've
got to keep an eye on Russia not smarter than a fifth grader there are next door neighbors and you
can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska I am so sorry not smarter than a fifth grader
one 18 at five sixty wqm we got the big old from dolphins camp coming up at two o'clock who
did offense plan this weekend oh that's right Denver a little girls team who the past plan this weekend
the path's I don't know how to ever look look go already am so anyway Jonathan from
a book a formerly Jonathan from plantation similar thing way back in the beginning and there was a
belly again about oh we said it because you were yeah it's good that in these uh uh
Sunday night oh that's right it's the Sunday night game at India against the very very weak
a colds you know how bad they are this year and how many beops they give up sandy patent manning
they really suck too bad that Houston handed them that game oh my god that uh what the hell's
name Rosencrantz Schwartz the quarterback for
