The music expressed on the previous record
that I heard vapequas and what?
And you know what I said, the vapequas group?
It's staff's average experience.
Now what you were looking for?
For the four little 44s.
That's what happened.
Vapequas.
You're listening to sports radio 516WAM.
That's it?
Vapequas on Club.
You know.
You know what I'm saying?
Vapequas on Club.
The music is a major part of the show.
It's a top ten needle, dial 567-0560, and major end breath rate.
In other countries, 513-07775, or pound 5-J, 118-T, and the rise of wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neal, his guests, or his colleagues, do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neal Roger show on 560WQAM.
If these guys nip and suds and whatever the heck it is, and the people I call in,
they're just like them, like that they run the year.
What a court, the weed, and they're high, and they're...
I mean, it's terrible.
For years that I've been looking at listening to 610 and I see it.
Now you either go upstairs, we're going to sign a surropping on it.
We can go trick or treat it.
Are you staying at rest and we stay home?
You're a joint.
You can ride Halloween nights.
There's no escape when the cops are on time.
They're fireful, me most I feel high.
My crickets get pissed when I see them sign.
Halloween girls girls girls.
I thought they'd start a wicked witch.
Girls girls girls.
People can be in and watch them rip.
Girls girls girls.
Oh!
Hey everybody, guess what I am?
The end result of a drunken backfeed group fest in a broken purple act.
Exactly.
10-1 at 560WQAM.
It's not far away now.
Halloween maybe.
Trick or treat.
Isn't that what the Freaky Carlos says at the front desk when people come off the elevator?
Trick or treat.
Oh, you didn't hear my story.
He was hiding behind the counter one morning and I was out there talking to Nozzlin.
He was hiding behind the counter.
Now hiding behind the receptionist.
That's where we don't have any closets.
And I'm out there talking to Nozzlin and he jumps out and scares us like a human jack in the box.
Scariest human jack in the box ever.
Yeah.
I mean that would scare the hell out of you.
That's the story?
That's the story.
I thought there was going to be something really...
No, no, that was a meesh.
That was a short story.
It was amazing.
Well, here's something that just came off the email.
Neil at Nearodgers.com, by the way, there was a zillion of bunch of crap under this morning on Underline Crap.
Wow.
And this is Crap 2, Oscar from Serberton, London, England, allegedly.
Hello, Neil.
BBC Radio and TV host Jonathan Ross on Russell Brand, who you saw in like a few weeks back.
I saw them and I liked them.
What did I see them?
Have gotten into big trouble and been suspended from their shows, Pending Investigation.
Both are big names on big salaries.
I never heard of these people.
Did you?
Nope.
During a recent radio show, the two of them left messages on the telephone answering machine actor Andrew Sachs,
who played manual in the TV show Faulty Towers, in which they announced to him that Russell branded that Sachs with Mr. Sachs,
23-year-old granddaughter, well, good for him.
The public had become outraged and the media had gone into a feeding frenzy about this disgraceful behavior by the two famous men,
but no mention has been made about the fact that the girl obviously offered herself at the drop of a hat to which he knew would be just casual sex.
Russell Brand's reputation is well known.
He likes the old in-out, in-out.
If a girl does not wish for news of her promiscuity to reach the ears of her grandfather, perhaps she should refrain from being a promiscuous, draw-dropping slack-alless in the first place.
Really?
That's an interesting draw-dropping slack-alless.
I like it.
The females need to get back to being lady-like and not slappers.
Don't you think asks Oscar from a server-top?
Why, did you get a lot of terms here?
Everybody loves their clown and everybody likes a slut.
Slack-alless and slapper?
Yeah, slapper.
I will.
If you're a leaker, slapper.
Or a lapper.
We have confirmation, by the way, this morning from spies inside the building that the near-roger show is never mentioned in the QM sales department meetings.
I just mentioned that for the record.
Several, several short stories.
And I get a real attorney with balls who's going to sue the police on these fancy things.
Oh, you're still funny after all these years.
Yeah, I am.
I'm a clown.
It's like what I was telling you before the show today about bunching up and changing my life and doing this and doing that.
And of course, the interesting part about a lot of these A-holes out there in radio land is they don't understand this is a radio show.
Because you'll listen to the show or any show doesn't give you license to tell me how to run my life, how to spend my money, how to spend my spare time, what the hell to do, etc.
Oh, you're wrong. It does give them license. There's a forum. They filled it out.
Yeah, that's it.
Yes, who died?
I give up.
It's still Riner.
Who?
Come on.
A still Riner.
A singer artist, an actress known for Camille Roe and her son Rob Reiner's film, When Harry Met Sally died Saturday her family announced he was 94 and believe me, that's old enough.
By the way, a week from today is my birthday.
We got only six days to election day.
Let's get it over with.
Already.
And let's have Joe the plumber assassinated.
I'm Joe the plumber.
Yeah.
Anyway, a still Riner drew laughs in the deli scene of what Harry Met Sally, when she reacted to Meg Ryan's character, was faking orgasm by saying, I'll have what she's having.
Anyway, she's dead.
A still Riner.
94.
She was murdered to Carl Reiner.
She's she was mom up to Rob Reiner.
You don't care?
No, no, not really.
Sorry.
I had never heard of her before.
Why not?
I saw that movie.
I don't remember her.
Drug dealers in Amsterdam.
You don't want a viagra.
I'll quote not interested.
Why not?
That has to be to me one of the greatest lines of all time.
Why not?
Why not?
I don't want.
Not interested.
Why not?
Why not?
I want your money.
I want your money, man.
Now let's see.
We changed the pull in the stream yesterday, right?
Yes.
Yeah, about 12 30-year-old fat.
30-year-old fat.
She's in a row.
Let's hear it.
I'll be here the next two.
What?
I'll be here the next two also.
That they advocate for other nations.
Nobody seems to be asking them that.
Wait.
Usually the...
She is so shrill.
Now, wouldn't you like to take a rusty, a two by four with a rusty needle and just smash her up the side of the head?
Yeah.
Okay.
She is just obnoxious.
Talk about somebody who needs to be bitch-lack.
Ow!
Anyway, we got 906 on the pull.
Now let's see if Harris got that new one.
Yeah, he's got it.
It's Charlie B. Pull about the gayest thing in sports.
The current pull, my all-time favorite TV grouch is...
And we have 911 votes.
Boy, nice going there, Tubby.
Well, thanks.
So you're going to be here tomorrow and Friday?
That's what the plan is.
And what did you decide about next week since Georgia's going to be on vacation all next week?
Uh, I haven't talked to the...
I don't care about who you've talked to.
I'm asking you.
Don't you have a one-ball...
Yes.
One little teeny tiny ball bearing?
Yes, I do.
So why don't you tell us right here on a year, although it does make a difference because you tell us and then, you know, I'm so used to liars.
Well, I can tell you what I'm going to do, but that doesn't mean they're going to schedule me that way.
So in other words, if your name is not on the schedule on this show, you're not coming in, is that what you're telling me?
We'll see.
You're going to let clearance run your life?
We'll see.
Winpy.
Huh?
Really, Winpy.
You're enough to make Brandon want Josh Cortes' coming back.
I don't know about that.
And by the way, speaking of Cortes, let me say it again at wqm.com, that thing on the left-hand side there that keeps just coincidentally and accidentally going up and down over my face so that people that want to buy the neal deals, you know.
It's almost impossible to even click on that thing.
I just thought I mentioned that and then you always defend him.
Oh, he's got nothing to do with the mechanics of that.
Well, you know what? He ought to.
He ought to.
He ought to get his nose in there.
And believe me or something.
Yeah, well, I know where that nose has been.
Believe you me.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Plenty of.
Rectome.
Places.
912 votes.
I should just keep talking until we get to a thousand.
The Dow is up seven and a half points, by the way.
It's not, it's kind of like after that gigantic goose slag yesterday.
When I put it, was it 900 points almost?
Yeah, at least a.
Wow.
I told you it was a buying opportunity.
Didn't I say that?
Mm-hmm.
Know what I said is a fool and his money are soon parted.
The stock market is a scam just like everything.
Oh, you're wrong.
The American way investing in wonderful companies.
Yeah, let's put some lipstick on that crap.
My all time favorite TV grouches, Archie Bunker, of course, 389.
He's got almost half the votes.
And rightfully so, who doesn't like all of the family?
You have to be a moron.
I'm going to like that show.
Am I right?
Yeah, maybe the humor goes over their heads.
Oh, that's true.
Or maybe they are like, I guess people who are like Archie Bunker, maybe they're like,
oh, it's so funny about that.
Yeah, right.
Fred Sanford 127, Ralph Cramden 103, Dr. Gregory House from House 68, Oscar the Grouch from
Assessamace Street 39, Granny Clampett from the Beverly Hill Belize 36.
What kind of people, oh, now forget George like that show.
Yeah, anyone with a sense of humor really thought that show was fun.
I hated it.
Yeah, did everybody have it?
New Grand Mary Tyler Morsho 32.
Now, would you like that show?
I hope not.
Nope.
Oh, that was horrible.
Troll.
Oh, and that what's his name?
Dick Van Dyke.
Oh, my God.
And his brother, Jerry Van Dyke, and that Dyke Rachel Maddo.
Oh, my God.
I have nothing against Dykes.
I mean, who else is an old fag like me to be talking about, you know, crap about Dykes.
But Jesus, God, Rachel, put a little, a little mascara on.
Just a little, how about painting one fingernail?
You know, I mean, no co-hoge, so to speak.
Just paint one fingernail with a good start.
Do you think?
Sure.
To be just a little more feminine.
George Jefferson 29.
I think that the freaky Carlos speaking to him is a hell of a lot more feminine than she is.
Sophia the Golden Girls 28.
Boy, was that a bad show?
Oh, God.
I mean, you can go to sunrise, sunrise lakes and see that.
Yeah.
Or you can go to Coke and a creek to the Seminole thing there to the Abuffée.
Oh, God.
What a mistake that was.
It was cheap.
It was only five bucks a person out of me paying you 50 bucks just to walk in there.
I'm serious.
But they gave a lot of jackpots in that play.
Well, good.
Let all the crackpots go in bed for the jackpots.
For the last night at Woodbina, I was losing my ass and I got even to the penny.
I went to play a quick hit.
Are you proud of me?
Yeah.
I broke even.
And, boy, I'm telling you, when you lose your ass and your break even you feel like you want to pay.
That's part of the psychology gambling.
Anyway, Sophia's got 28.
Mr. Roper from three's company 18 and Esther from Sanford and son 15.
Uncle Charlie from my three sons 11.
Boy, that Don Grady, he was his hottest of firecracker.
God.
And who was he screwing?
Ferra Fawcett, I think.
He was good for.
Huh?
Good for him.
Yeah, exactly.
He liked it.
Mother Jefferson, eight.
Mr. Bickley from a more commandy five and Mel Sharples from Alice four.
More commandy.
Oh, that's not the show I'm thinking of.
What's the show I'm thinking of with the two chicks?
Lever to sure.
Lever to squirrely.
Oh, he's slimil, slimazola.
Oh, my God.
What are the people in Dubuque, Iowa think that means slimil and slimazola?
Okay.
It's one thing for me, an old fag to be talking to you these words in South Florida, where we got about 30 or 40 old Jews running around.
But out there like in Indiana, how about an in Terahot, Indiana?
How many people know from Slimil and Slimazel?
See, one thing about people in New York, they think everybody speaks Yiddish.
And New York, even the Graham Doe speakers, they have to survive.
There's three million Jews in New York.
Oh, exactly.
You better learn your Yiddish, Mr. Rell.
Yeah.
No matter.
Jackie Mason, these are my kids.
I'm a real project.
This is a very popular.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
This is a very popular project.
You should have given it up years ago.
But hey, your Frankenstein, you're supposed to be a foot taller than the rest of the tricker treaters.
Fire, that, fire, that.
More than one youngster is suspicious.
But you don't care.
You're chosen for a baby Ruth and nothing is getting in your way.
Jackie, can you can you can you.
The coast is almost clear.
When the Johnson twins are picked up by their mother, who remembers you from the third grade.
Reluctantly, you hand over your pillowcase of free sweets and be ended up at home before the authorities are alerted.
Bubble cream in.
So, we salute you.
Excessively old tricker treater, your disability check, your cavities and your candy corn.
You are a real American angel.
Oh, candy corn.
My whole life I had forgotten about candy corn until this moment.
Really?
I hate it.
Okay.
Taste like Dreck.
Still it's one of those things you wind up eating.
No, I don't.
Oh, I do.
It's like I don't like it, but there's always bowls of it everywhere.
So just abs and my little grandma.
It's like a bowl of cat crap when you reach in and eat that too.
To taste it like candy corn probably.
Oh, okay.
It probably does.
Here, kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty.
Well, that corn sure is special.
Candy corn.
Oh, my god.
That is.
That should be illegal.
That stuff is so bad.
I'll tell you what else ought to be illegal is Hershey's milk duds.
Yeah.
Pull your fillings out there.
Pull your nut filling.
Pull your teeth right out of your out of the sockets.
Uh-huh.
But I like them though.
They're pretty good.
My little Chinese market lately has been stocking 80 billion boxes of milk duds.
Small boxes.
I see.
Well, you can't eat only two or three boxes of them.
I understand.
Well, anyway, tea gan writes and you got the same email.
If Neil still hadn't received an absolute amount by today, which I have not,
you norm norm.
Oh, my god.
You fairer.
Or somebody acting on his behalf should be able to go over to the SOE office in Laudithill mall.
I'm going to send somebody to Laudithill mall.
You must be dreaming.
I don't know anybody.
I hate that much.
And pick up his ballot in FedEx or next day express send it to him.
The ballot thing has to be mailed postmarked part November 4, meaning that if the ballot gets there by Friday,
it will fill in and go directly out in mail express or it's fill in and go directly out in mail.
So that's it, which is over the what?
What exactly whichever is the quickest from Canada.
Have Neil Fax and out authorizing us is represented to pick up his ballot along with a copy of his driver's license or passport.
You can call 1 866 hour vote or in Florida 1 8772 flow byma for problems getting a ballot.
No, I made my effort.
I did my duty and they don't want to send it to me.
And I know plenty of other people saying the same thing.
They don't want you to vote.
They pretend they want you to vote.
They want to make it as difficult as possible.
In fact, some goofballs send me an email about which is a good idea.
I mean, it's so obvious.
It says in France, they vote on Sunday since the majority of people don't work on Sundays.
In other countries, voting day is a national holiday, which of course it should have been.
I mean, there's one of those things like asking should the sun ever shine again?
Oh, no, that's a bad idea. It's too controversial, you know.
For years and years, oh, do you think the automaker national?
No, we have important national holidays like Columbus Day, and Stupid Crap like that.
Stukas, you know, and that's the way it should be.
National holiday says whoever sent this, WS.
Regardless, it is a national celebration of one of our most fundamental rights.
People should be encouraged about making it a fun, positive community experience as opposed to likening the voting experience to the same sort of mindset as cancer treatments.
You know, you should do it because if you know, it could be really, really bad.
But when you actually do it, it's really difficult.
You don't always get the results you hope for.
It says William Stuck in the Future.
Thanks, William.
Oh, here's a fact and it's an ad fact.
I thought it was, now you said yesterday you had a bunch of facts that you said and they never came through.
No, no, eventually I sent you two and I said, by the way, I've been trying to send those for an hour or something.
That was it.
That was it.
Well, why should they send facts is when we have Neil Rogers dot com.
Some of them still don't have the email access. They're still old school.
Oh, my God. That was up 45 points.
There's no, it's a buying opportunity, baby.
Brand and no aim today.
No, I don't want to get it. What does that mean?
No, his aim thing didn't pop up. Does that mean I have it closed?
I don't know.
Anyways, do you hear about how it's during sending out a guy to Harlem to ask people who they were voting for?
And of course they all said Barack, but the person was asking the questions applied McCain's views to Barack and all the people he asked that I'm behind Barack and his views.
And the icing on the cake was when the guy, I don't really care about how it.
How do you like that, Brandon?
It's funny to hear what they say because they know nothing.
Well, we know that. How am I going to get my aim back on there?
Start it all programs. Click on what this?
No, seriously. Here's all my programs. There's aim.
Aim six.
Sure. Why not click on it.
Clicked on it and what happened?
That that that nothing.
Oh, it just popped up on the bottom there.
And I clicked on that and nothing happened.
But now it should be open, right?
Auto B. So go ahead and give it a shot, Brandon or not as a case maybe.
Let's see. Here's a message from somebody.
Neil, I'm not in front of a computer.
Neil Harris from married with children.
Is Neil Harris from married with children? Is he what?
I think that's his name. Can you play the old man crying over the bridge with him saying absolutely correct?
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Here's one from the dead Bob Lasseter.
You want to hear it? Please.
Bobby says, this is your old friend Bob Lasseter.
You remember me, you old coot. I'm very upset with you, Neil.
You've desecrated my good name and reputation.
I was a suspect you have tampering with my Wikipedia page.
I got up from my dirt nap, Collette.
You know, you're a heartless bastard.
You never apologized to me for all the mean things you said and did to me all those years.
I despised Neil.
These are all from the same person.
These are all from what's his name in Hylia, Mario.
Can't you tell by the wording by the purview?
Uh-huh.
I despise you, Neil. I curse you.
May you get as fat as Chris and as hated as Joe Bell.
Good, not, good by Neil.
I'll be seeing you soon.
Ha, ha, ha, Bobby.
Pretty weak.
I'm going to read the first and just change the punchline of McCain.
Read the first what?
Oh, it's another.
Oh, God, another bad joke.
That's it.
That's what we got under this morning on our email.
Election is six days away.
Six days away is the presidential election.
And South Florida, forget about the phone.
Oh, wait a minute.
WQ way.
Hello.
Uh-huh.
See what I mean?
Oh, I know.
Mm-hmm.
Remember what I was saying before the show this morning?
Grrr.
About getting up and walking out on a patio.
It's zero, though.
It's 32.
32 Fahrenheit, zero Celsius.
It's beautiful.
It's sunny, shining, clear, blue skies.
Looks like a picture postcard out there.
And you walk out there and you freeze your ass off.
Parents, check the kids candy extra carefully this Halloween.
Some brown Republicans plan to drop a little something extra under the bags.
A piece of political propaganda.
Each is about three by four inches on heavy paper.
The brainchild of Sharon Day, Broward's State Republican Committee woman.
What a genius she must be, okay?
Because those kids are really going to vote several times.
When parents go through the kids candy, they'll find messages telling them,
don't make everyday Halloween in America.
Keep Barack Obama from using your hard earned dollars as his own personal trick or treat bag.
That's what's going to be in the bag.
He'll be at the Yentah Center.
What is it?
Three or four this afternoon.
And McCain is in date.
County.
Talk to the old green tooth Cubans.
Come on Easter, come on Easter, come on Easter.
Right.
He pulls out that socialist communistist stuff today.
Oh, he doesn't have to do anything.
They're going to vote for him no matter what.
That's correct.
Just like the people in Harlem are going to vote for Obama no matter what.
They don't even know the...
I don't see anything happening on my aim.
I'm aiming it.
That's probably a good thing.
The whole big page on there.
What?
Probably a good thing.
You're right.
Oh.
It's the devil.
And spear the devil.
I wonder what Sarah Palin thinks of Halloween.
Since she and her witch doctor preacher are all whipped up about witches and you know the religious
fundamentalist always to work in the devil and switch crab.
Like that.
I think that all those people ought to be transported to the moon.
Well, when the rapture comes, they will be transported.
Is that what they're going to have to talk about?
Yeah.
Well, to heaven.
I see.
Maybe it's on the moon.
The decor.
And now the best part of it is to show you how desperate the Republicans are.
They're talking about if they lose the election, which is almost a sure thing next Tuesday,
is Sarah going to become the titular leader of the Republican Party?
I don't want to emphasize.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm just like that.
I'm just like that.
Why are you the biggest name?
The best talent.
You're a busy little rages.
Where did you learn your trade?
You idiot.
Whoever told you that you could work with men, what's your hired for?
It's to help us.
You're fair.
That's seem clear to you.
You're fair.
To help us.
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living.
You company man.
You're fair.
Tonight, one star is out the door.
It was jivation and lulge.
Dancing with the stars.
Star in John McCain.
I didn't turn out too well.
How can I treat his thighs?
He's not a dad.
I screwed up.
He defies Christy Caesar.
And a moment of seriousness.
I spent five and a half years in prison cell.
I didn't have a house.
I didn't have a kitchen table.
This is the loo-kiss thing I have ever seen.
Dancing with the stars.
I know how to do that.
You broke your penis.
And I have the scars to prove that only on EDC.
1031 at 560 WQM.
Let's take a look at that schedule.
How's the weather in Philly today, by the way?
Uh, no idea.
Why not?
Let's ask the weather bug.
Ha!
Well, let me go to the toilet.
And by the way, I accidentally blocked Brandon on the aim thing.
And I don't know how to unblock him.
I can't worry about him.
Yeah.
I tell you, but I don't use those devices.
That particular piece of software.
Really?
That nightmare software.
Oh, it's this.
There was a sun on there.
Uh-huh.
Could do this.
Plus nine.
Ooh, it's seven and sunny right now in Philly.
There'll be no rain in the forecast.
Which means they're going to play tonight.
It'll be the end of the world serious.
Anyway, here's the schedule.
We got the big old back at two o'clock.
People are protesting from here all the way down to homestead.
Mad dog four to seven.
Dolphins tonight, seven o'clock with the wooden Kimba Bo camper.
And then eight to eight, 15, we got the beast.
Oh, yeah.
When did that plug in the beast?
Oh, because he's parents his boyfriend.
See, the audience thinks we make these things up.
They do.
They're thinking this is a business, a place of business.
Nobody in the right mind would allow somebody to bring their boyfriends in
and hang out and put them on the air pretending to be a want catch.
Anyway, beast.
Oh, it's only 15 minutes.
Plus everybody watching on TV anyway, who's interested.
Eight, 15.
It's World Series game continued number five in the sixth inning.
They tried yesterday and it rained again.
Boy, I'll tell you to fill it off here.
What a depressing dank place that must be when the weather's really bad.
Like in about a week.
Dank and depressing.
As opposed to here where it's sunny and toasty, 32 a.
It's beautiful.
And guess what's on our on our web.
Well, email thing.
I give up nothing.
Oh, yeah.
Here's one from chronic Daniel.
The rain stoppage game five reminded me of the 1977 Phillies Dodgers.
Oh, God.
Or they played in Philadelphia in the pouring rain yada yada yada yada.
Whatever happened to play the games during the daytime in non-domin cities.
Also, the one game was played the one forty five in the morning.
What stupid ass commissioner of baseball?
Maybe W should have gotten the job after all.
Oh, Daniel.
And that that was it.
That's what we have in our in the inbox.
I'm Neil at neo rogers dot com six days before the election.
Not even the usual long articles and the attachments that I'm not going to open up in the videos that I'm not going to watch.
They have nothing to say.
Say something yourself.
Even the chronic sound there like William.
There's this guy William Schneider who just chronic beyond belief.
Do you get his stuff?
No.
Chronic and he never says anything.
I mean, maybe like one sentence and then there's a link.
Here's a link.
There's a link.
God, the that was up twenty three by the way for those who care.
This thing ran its course.
I think you killed it last week.
Yeah, because fact, Chris, that you didn't read any of the messages.
Right.
I said that.
Yeah, you did when I don't know.
Oh, okay.
Oh, no, please said that.
That's right.
You weren't there on Monday.
When it came back from vacation and sat here for half an hour screaming and yelling,
hello, can anybody hear me?
Hello, like that.
Oh, I had the wrong pod open.
There you are.
For the past two months, a major American magazine and an allied news service have been engaged in a legal battle with US Navy over records that they believe show that John McCain once was involved in automobile accident that injured or perhaps killed another individual.
Oh, my God.
Vanity Fair and the National Security News Service claimed that knowledge developed from first hand sources of a car crash that involved then Lieutenant McCain at the main gate of a Virginia Naval Base in 1964.
I wonder if Rick Sanchez knows about that.
The incident has been largely if not entirely kept from the public and the documents suing the Navy to release put in information.
Lawyers for the NS News Service alleged that a cover-up may be a play.
Plainness and also obtained document showing that law enforcement officers were ordered back to the accident scene to retrieve personal physical effects.
The Navy has never publicly acknowledged this information one document reads a request involves federal government activity as it addresses what may be an attempt by the Navy to protect by concealment the involvement of a former Navy officer sitting senator and a presidential candidate in a serious incident involving the injury or death of another human being.
The first request for information concerning duty assignment logs to Portsmouth Naval Hospital where McCain was allegedly brought after the accident came in the form of a Freedom of Information Act request August 28th this year.
The Navy acknowledged receipt of the request and advised that it had located the relevant information a few weeks later only to deny the request and grounds it didn't prove an imminent threat to the life or physical safety of an individual or satisfy the criteria of a breaking news story of general public interest.
He is only running for president but it doesn't meet the criteria of a breaking news story. Can you imagine that coming from the government? No. It's not breaking news. No one knows.
Like when there is a brush fire in if saland or something. That's breaking news.
The patient and mission record logs that you seek are exempt from release road GE Latin deputy assistant judge advocate general as information in personnel medical files as well as similar personal information and other files that if this close to a requester other than the actual person which the information is pertaining to or next to kin would constitute clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.
NS News Service invented a fair appeal that is as for expedited treatment of the case as the end of the presidential election loom but the Navy denied that request as well.
It appears to be a deliberate refusal to provide clearly releaseable information concerning assignments to ports in the naval hospital where legal representatives of the two new organizations.
Even online the Sunday sentals a piece of crap they've taken the big the big match that I guess they don't want anybody to know of course if I put out a seven page newspaper I'd be embarrassed to I wouldn't mind but I know the name of it.
Nice going Randy Michaels you jackass you idiot.
Well it's a good thing you don't get the newspaper you'd be really impressed.
Allowing the Navy to extend its time to respond beyond a read date when the documentary facts of this matter would be available for public consideration prior to the national election on Tuesday would violate the spirit as well as the provisions of the Freedom of Information Act.
Staff for the NSA new service in the companies lawyer both refused to discuss the proceedings and there are only parcels of information concerning the story that can be gleaned from the court documents.
Actually it says gleaned not gleaned like bombs what it was that say gleaming the bombs bursting an arrow gleaming okay in the star spangled banner what does it say about gleaming I don't know gleaming the queue we're so gallantly gleaming what what is that like that streaming streaming and beaming.
Well there he is his old john he's in Miami and here's your gay governor Charlie Limpers Chris.
Now they say a lot of times you can judge a person by who he associates you know he's wearing the same light blue shirt that Charlie Chris is wearing all of the ties been changed the same white hair the same blue shirt.
Canis Monsomacho that's the question I bet you while I'm sitting here babbling about this that nobody that I was down eight points by the way I bet you see that the one two three four early voting.
Your neal I was totally shocked Charlie Chris extended early voting last night I think he felt he was snubbed by a McCain when he wasn't chosen as his running mate well he's standing right there and he's nodding and shaking and squeezing McCain's ass.
He really opened up the election for the Democrats in Florida says today is the last day to request your absentee ballot go online at Broward the S O E dot org go obama says Lisa thanks Lisa.
Jim and Getzville who is got no life at all of course if you live in Getzville in New York you probably would have much of a life either would you never be there.
And we look it up to see where was somewhere near Buffalo oh my god.
Oh holding elections on a Sunday would be a good idea to glance but so many bastions would be watching football it would have a negative effect on voter turnout.
I did not see Bob Crane's name on the poll is there some prejudice toward that guy Bob Crane was a cramudge in.
On watch on hoax heroes I don't think so no keep up the good work voices Jim and Getzville who's obviously got serious issues serious mental issues.
Holy Makinon this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto May beliefs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
I'm a very old man but back in the day I think a lot of days when I got drunk but only one hand the most fun with my junk and the strippers name was Marie the flame my friends.
I would use the best tools on my cheeks to scratch her it from the burning east and strippers name my friends was Marie the flame.
Yes back then when her jungle started burning my friends I would use both my cheeks like a soothing toy my friends.
But after a while my stomach started turning as you can figure out why so I went back to being a fly boy.
He had a city and then when she passed away and sadly all she had to say my friends was to have her asses sent to me and I keep them stored inside my cheeks and this strippers name was Marie the flame my friends.
The strippers name was Marie the flame and then I went on to crash by flames my friends.
1046 14 before 11 and 560 WQA and Brandon says find the options on aim and then there should be something there to see block users and to you know I can't find the options on him.
And you know anything about it right but I know a better option you go to control panel ad remove programs find aim on there remove it.
And you will have any more problems with it ever ever you are a best you'll be happier your funeral runs faster.
No it's Josh 408's oh that's right by thinking he's got there's so many ways to communicate even though very with instant messenger you know without having to go through.
Okay here's an email okay at least the emails are working on I have any real problem without looking surprised I like it.
It's just fine.
Although of course you tell me that there are you know much more spiffy way there are other things but just just to keep it simple that works just fine simple things for simple people that's me old and simple my birthday is a week from today anybody here.
No any information I don't care I'd like to postpone it a few years.
Here's one that says okay knew you want email about the election and see this isn't a this is just information which is fine but it's a since that's the most important thing in our lives right now so here's important information for your listeners today early vote for change rally with Barack Obama in sunrise at the
center we'll talk about his vision for creating the kind of change we need it's at the bank Atlantic Center the a panthers a home and sunrise doors open at 430 the event is free and open to the public tickets are not required however an RSVP at Barack Obama.com is strongly encouraged for fruit entry passes available to ticketing locations below and it's got a list which I'm not going to read.
You want me to read it no no it's long and ponderous man. Jesus I'm going to read a list of all these addresses and stuff like that anyway it's 430 this afternoon at the other center.
Meanwhile your blimp risk governor standing there right on John McCain's behind.
Oh, God we're in exactly the same blue shirt the blue brothers the blow brother well anyway Phil said did you see that John McCain's
campaign and software today no it didn't see that the Phil create jobs and the neo Nazi Republicans are calling it Joe the plumber campaign.
I believe he's traveling with McCain yeah the skinheads on the McCain campaign.
You've got to be kidding me that they really think people are going to listen to a moron who can't even pay his taxes or doesn't have a plumbers license and certainly
make 250 grand a year. He might be making 250 like a fancy over there and he making 250 an hour.
Do you want to tell us how much they're paying you as a two embarrassing don't make him do that.
Okay. It's like asking him his weight. Yeah embarrassing. What's your weight.
Are the Republicans that desperate it says God help us all of these idiots get into office go Obama says Phil I wouldn't worry about it.
I mean go out there and vote 100 times for Obama but and vote no one proposition to okay on the the homophobic amendment Joe Robbie would be proud of that if he were still here today this crap about how he was a prominent Democrat maybe that was for whatever
purposes it was. He was a real far bison Catholic Joe Robbie remember those days how much you know I do he and Anita Brian I'm surprised he didn't look for that bitch.
How's Anita doing she still squeezing it. And Alvin dark and Bob break 999 on your pull that so. One more for a thousand we got it.
Okay I'm going to print it out right now I'm going to end it end the pain.
Do I have your permission to change it of course not that I care. Let's see pull switch okay what's the gayest thing in sports long list on this pool by the way to take half hour to read it.
In fact this thing is too long for me to even read all of it on the I guess next hour.
What is the gayest thing holding hands in the huddle locker room interview. I don't think so holding hands in the huddle when a big macho football guys they all get it around in the big circle.
And they hold it in their hands to if you see that oh yeah. I mean if that isn't gay I don't know what is.
And believe me I know what is I just don't know what ain't. Here's the final result a thousand votes and that pulls that nifty the way I ended that yes my all time favorite TV grouches Archie bunker 430 Fred Sanford 136 Ralph crammed in 11.
Dr. Gregory house 75 Oscar the grouch 45 why would Bob Crane be on this pool what was that I don't know.
Just because he was into porno is that making grouchy I was just a made a match when it got killed with him Chipper.
Wasn't in my three sons. Chipper yeah chip chip and flip and dip.
Granny clamp at 37 look ran from the very time or show 35 at asner he's kind of vanished from the scene hasn't he is he dead or why I don't know old enough old enough to be dead.
Oh boy he he was he made a little a political noise there for while with his ultra liberal leanings you know come and east out come and east out George Jefferson 35 Sophia from the Golden Girls 29.
Mister robert 21 from three company. Add Esther Sanford and son 18 uncle Charlie from my three sons 11 now there were two uncle Charlie's there was Fred Fred.
Meritz was a name William Farley William William frolly frolly farly for four and there was another one.
I can't remember which one croaked first there were two uncle Charlie's and they were both I think molesting Rob really that was done.
I know I would have oh god a red on baby I bet you he's old and get nasty looking now.
Hey we have a schedule change.
Mother Jefferson from the Jefferson's eight Mister Berkeley from work in Mindy five and Mel Sharples from Alice four that's your thousand votes yes it'll be
Curtis from two to four today instead of a Orlando.
Oh that's scheduled to be a little bit too much of a burden for the big oh no idea Curtis.
Hey the coast is clear all you protesters can leave now see they caved in.
You're not instinct I'm making this up they caved into the lines that snaked around the building all the way down to four forty one all the way down to the keys.
Where does four forty one end when you come right down to it I don't know where it ends.
I would be able to.
No I probably like dead ends up against us one or something down there at some point.
It's not a very good answer sorry it's all I got I could Google map it.
It's not that important but I just yeah I'm just curious.
Charlie crystal is really tanned and gay and gray.
Then he got a real Florida tan here in fact it's probably tan in a bottle.
Tanned in the can tan in the can I bet he is tan in the can.
Oh yeah and there's Tom Ridge it looks like standard be a two behind John McCain.
Good old Tom Ridge old yellow light red light B.S.
Oh my God what a bunch of and who's that one on the right there isn't that one of the D.S.
Blarred blusers I ain't looking.
I got my Spanish soaps on thank you very much.
Well you better you better get with it man.
I am with it with your people in little Havana.
And they're all going come and east of come and east of another one that ends at Kaya Ocho.
Four forty one ends at Kaya Ocho.
See speak of the English okay speak of the English.
Speaky English.
Gay easy.
That's my best advice to a lot of you people in Dade County.
Speaky English and not only in Dade County now.
Yeah that goes for you green goes to.
Oh forget about that.
And for some of you bubonics folks speaky English.
What was that name again that basketball cook what was his name?
Dequan cook.
Dequan.
Now what what is that?
Dequan.
Where did all this come from all these names these.
What are these what they're made up.
Why?
Hmm.
Are we looking for something fancy is that it?
We got 14 votes on the new pool.
What's the gayest thing in sports?
Let's see about that outlook your stress.
Oh look at that there's a couple.
I'm looking through here in case you know because I don't read so well.
It's just wrestling on here just just wrestling.
What what is this mean?
Try mebo.com or a well.com.
No downloading required for what?
Instant messaging.
I'll get that fixed for tomorrow.
Okay Brandon can take a rest of the he can see and he can send me messages on this thing which he's been doing.
In fact here's one now it says damn and I always like George.
Well if you send me your screen name and password for aim I can do it.
Look at his split if you don't want to do it just let me know of course I want to do it Brandon.
You're one of my last contacts with a human race out there you and the professor that's it and Ricky that's it.
Out of all the eight million friends from my space that's what I got left nothing personal just aim is for old women.
Aim is for old women and they're dying off one after another as soon as the last one of them is that.
I don't know what my password is.
I know the screen name you do can I add wrestling to this poll?
Sure.
Oh yeah.
That's it just wrestling just the that it happens.
Okay I'll get back to that one in a second let's see if there's something to read.
The the bedside gun rack.
What about it?
Well there's there's a link here to something that I remember many homeowners are buying one for each side of the bed.
Oh yeah gun sales are way up in the US by the way do you see that?
No.
Gun sales way way up.
The survivalist you don't like the Sarah Palin crowd they all got their shotguns in there.
They're rifling and they're getting ready for a Friday too for Halloween.
They're going to shoot some secret treaters because it's the work of the devil.
What's the biggest name?
The best house.
Your business projects.
400 you're 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Uh oh.
Oh I don't tell me we're back to this again.
Please.
Oh.
Ah!
Ah!
Yesterday at exactly the same time the maybe it's on a setting maybe it's on a timer.
Maybe corporates in the building.
Oh yeah.
As much as I like Muff Boy remember that one Bob Vermuth would show up the corporate chief engineer who is a real jerk a real toad.
Corporates in the building.
Corporates in the building he would be like he would be changing his depends every 10 seconds.
Corporates in the building like we're supposed to get all the nervous and weak need because some jackass who was on the inside of the big and he's long gone by the way from the beesleys.
This is the Neal Roger show.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
560 WQAM.
Your 2008 presidential campaign leader.
The most important presidential election in the history of America is about to take place.
560 WQAM is the one to turn you on your dial for the latest in.
Hello.
Yeah, this is the weenie voice guy that always calls the station.
I don't want to hear about the election or whatever it is.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, blah, blah, blah.
I want to talk about the dial fans.
Hey, how about those hairy canes?
I'm like, what do I have to say will change the course of the game.
It's like yelling at my TV.
Go away.
560 WQAM is your election headquarters for what could be a life altering?
Hello.
We're not covering the election.
And why not, Clarence?
Because we're a sports station.
We desperately try to ignore 911 what makes you think we're going to pay attention to this.
And to be a sport hall is American and sling blade and sweet cherry pie.
Just that's managed.
Are you a Republican Clarence?
Oh, gotta go.
I hear someone tapping their shoes.
4 whole video 560 WQAM, the irrelevant garbage leader.
All right.
That was kind of like mediocre until the ass end there.
I like that.
Let me back it up a little.
We go.
We go.
I don't hear anything.
I don't hear anything.
I swear.
I swear.
I spewed so serious.
Fabulous.
In fact, I swear.
Because of weird things.
I'm going to see you.
Would you explain why people are coming to a joke?
It's all about the you.
Isn't that what the Sarah Palin keeps saying it's all about the Jews? Yes
All about the Jew now now you talk about Kutspa, okay?
Here is one of the chronic really chronic e-mailers
Ralph, okay, you know what I'm talking about no
Have George called 311 from his cell phone voter information
They will tell him with your personal information name address date of birth and they will tell you when the ballot was sent out
Now here comes the here comes the coup de grace I
Just called to try to get it for you and I would FedEx it to you
But they see I need the pertaining information. Oh, this is part of week and Ralph. Oh, that would
Don't you think that's a little bit over the top and of course a lot of people say always just try to be
Hopefully once you get you that ballots so you can vote I
Just called to try to get it for you and I would FedEx it to you
But they say I need the pertaining information
Wow, while I'll send you my social security number and data birth and shoe size and all that one of these days Ralph
That's who that Ralph is Puerto Rican Ralph. I see chronic chronic on the emails
Now here's the important stuff Neil the first uncle was uncle Bob on my three sons William Demarest uncle Charlie
Okay, see and William probably Michael Francis Bob, okay, see
William probably croaked and then they brought him William Demarest
Well, there's sure a lot of uncles on that show they would like to make a Rob say uncle
Well, that's New York City Dave. Thanks Dave
Who's an expert uncle Charlie?
Hey Rob
What that was a long time ago in 1965
A lot of you people weren't even born them my three sons
How it now look I'll go down this list once and then maybe toward the end of the show the Dow is down 18
Religious extremist scare tactics the in is talking about
The destruction and this email sent a 75,000 Jewish voters equates an Obama presidency to Nazi Germany
The stuff is just beyond the pale. It's the most negative vicious stuff that I've seen in in quite some time
Political experts say the extreme attacks underscore the concern far right groups have with Obama
The evangelical group focus on the family action defended. It's what if letter as based on its analysis of Obama's record
Right, I like to call yesterday remember that well you you're gonna be prepared to defend what happens
If your guys elected and I said well, what's gonna happen? Are you prepared to
Just the talking points, you know they feed in every four years
They feed him a bunch of talking points and like parents. They just keep repeating the same crap
There's no substance to any of it ever ever
Oh, do you know what's gonna happen? No, what does it tell me? Oh
Gonna be speaking in tongues of Sarah's in there
In fact, tongue will be on the menu every restaurant America will be meant
fat
Oh, I bet you there's even old Jews that don't eat tongue
53 votes on the new survey. What's the gist thing in sports? This is a Charlie B extravaganza and we apologize for it up front
male skater costume 12
Showering together 12
Padding the ass eight. Oh, yeah, I've been asking that for 30 years
What other endeavor whatever what other line of work
Like like a great dramatic courtroom trial
And the prosecuting attorney wins the jury comes back and says guilty on all counts and and the
The prosecution team do they pat each other on the ass
They may high five a little bit. They may do the old fist pump and bump. Yeah, you know
Do they pat each other on the ass?
Only in sports
That's got a holding hands in the huddle five fake soccer injuries for
Hands under center for wrestling to curling brumer to
Oh, you ever watch curling for like about 10 seconds. I love to watch curling. Oh, it's fun
So I can laugh. It's high comedy. It's like sumo wrestling is so stares to fans taking off work to attend the draft one
training camp hazing one and none yet for these other 600
Stud farm rooming together and zone dance
Cox Wayne. I'm afraid what is it pronounced coxan coxan? It's the person. I don't know what it has to do with sports
It's the person in charge of a boat. I was thinking of that. There's that ugly um
Felves kid. Oh my god. Is he gru- he's he's definitely not from this planet. I guess it's a rowing thing. Yeah
Like Rob Lowe. What was that movie he was in
Oxford blues or something like that. Oxford blues. Very good. Really?
Downhill suit skier suit
Rosson bag. What's gay about the Rosson bag? I don't know
Pine Tarring the bat catcher signs
Yeah, especially when the catcher squeezes his a goods, you know
Your watch he's giving one to and then he squeezes his a package
Uh catcher sign. None of these have any massage room boxing clinch jockey silks. What's gay about jockey silks?
Well, what does that mean?
It's a good way to sell wrong. Justin Stein looks like a martian. He's strange and he can't ride very well either sports illustrated pads only photo spread
ladies tennis grunt
Scrum baseball socks locker room interview base basketball fight hockey shorts the yellow card
grasping the sumo diaper
Jock straps football pants and pictures try to hit 61 votes and the last hundred of them there have none
the last hundred choices
The last hundred choices oh
Here's Brandon back again. It's under one of those drop-down menus at the top might be under preferences. Oh god. Okay
What there's one of the many reasons why funny because this happened either I think yesterday or whatever
It's one of the many reasons why and I did find the thing and I unblocked him because I'm sure he's not gonna block him
He's the only person I talked to one year and
And I managed to find it now. I can Cuba got changed in 1959. What a bumper sticker in little Havana no doubt
Cuba got changed in 1959 our our yeah yuck yuck yuck
And
Asner's alive and well-installed acting and being a big mouth kami pink olibal Jew
His real first name is it's Hock
He was also for some reason a recent phone guest on the Dan La Bastard show
Wow
Yesterday you received an email from a fake tiki farco. I was wondering if he was still alive
Well, we don't know we don't care the most oh, I was wondering the most recent update
I can find that is April 2006. It was buying time on WPBR 1340 in Palm Beach
I've been trying unsuccessfully to find out what happened to skip her mid and jimic bean
If one of the other Rachel Maddows out there knows any info would be appreciated
Oh, this is from the fake Steve arrow. Yeah
aka woody
Oh woody delete
delete
Here's Tom Osgoor who says school 1958 versus 2008
And it's just a long list of chazarai
This should hit every email to show how stupid we've become
Johnny falls while running down recess and scrapes his knee. He's found crying by his teacher Mary
Mary hugs him to comfort him 1958 in a short time Johnny feels better and goes on playing
2008 Mary's accused of being a sexual predator and loses her job
She faces three years in statement. Okay, Tommy
really good stuff
Here's one from Lydia
Hi, Neil. I don't understand why voting is so complicated with today's technology because that's the way they wanted Lydia
When playing a lot of we know where the winning ticket was purchased within hours and as far as Charlie Limpwist
Chris goes
He is a christian he told us when he was running he would make sure he properly
Our property taxes would go down what a cheat a fake of a phone a true Republican political sham
When I got my tax bill they give the $50,000 homestead exemption then up the market value of property
Which causes my yearly tax bill to go up initial 400 bucks
FYI Rudy Giuliani was having coffee cobana with the local Latin American restaurant the other night
You should have seen the dumbasses leaving their meal to shake his Republican Charlotte in the hand
The fool's a terrorist
Terrace could have sneaked in and sprinkled fairy dust on the food just for good measure
Says for a polona
Who's Lydia up on top but is polona on the bottom
You know what I mean? Nope on top. She's Lydia and on the bottom. I say polona. Hmm. Well, she's
She's got names for the cards
Trumbinets after 11 at 560 WQA in
Quiet
That's how you get there. Well, what's the what's the problem fat. So it disappears. Yeah. Oh Neil
God the masters of Hollywood horror have created the ultimate haunted house in the Beverly Hills haunted house
Screacher's dungeon of hell porn
The Martha Stewart completely naked room
The pit of Wilford primly in a thong as Rosio Donald eats oatmeal off of his buttocks
Oh my whoa
The kids will never ever ever ever forget the Michael Jackson playroom
Hey
I think I'm a stay pooling make bathroom
The Beverly the Beverly Hills haunted house
1117 at 560 WQAM
So what was it that got the audio vault on uh
Screwed this time like a patch key. I'd close it and open it again before so
Yeah, I don't know why I thought this was a new piece of equipment. I thought we got a new one. We did hand
No idea. I don't think it's crap, but I'm the white's it's calm. I thought we're almost get him in there
Oh
Oh my god playground for overgrown children. That's Q. I. M
Maybe that's why they're into that all that the jock sniffing crap
Bob says you say that your my sp- this is hysterical
You say that your my spaces dead well. I think that online social website that is trending toward kids and teens
There's another site that's on fire and trans-older facebook.com no kidding Bob
Maybe Brandon or George can fit you in on it. Yeah, I know all about it. I do sounder for you here
Hey Neil Facebook
I don't want
More information about yourself you enter home location schools radio markets where you worked etc
The more people will contact you and share those characteristics. I don't want to be contacted
We have been in voss since this summer have been meeting new people old friends and friends of friends on the internet ever since
Don't know whether that'll be that will last or trickle down as time goes on
But in the short term add some excitement to your show and or life
Says Bob. Oh, I don't need any more excitement. I got as much as Simon as I can handle
Facebook. Oh good god
Well, and why is it going to be any different than my space? It's going to be the same crap
It isn't the same exactly thing
It's not no, but it's not like a big novelty in the beginning and then everybody loses interest and you stop hearing from all like all things
It's how you use it, but you
Well your case. I mean your troller for ass. I mean everybody knows that anyway as I was saying is it's a great way to hook up with real people as opposed to everyone being anonymous
Or the potentially anonymous like they are on my space Facebook is more like a real people
You know getting back in touch with real people like old schoolmates and things like that family members
It's a little bit more serious
Sirius
Yes
Com says it was common knowledge the republican governor florida charlie limperist chrisk was gay before he was elected gay
common knowledge
It was common knowledge about mark fully too, but to see the the straight media out there they aren't the they don't put print these things
They doesn't do it and of course the straight
Masses out there. Oh, there's no fairy gonna be governor florida
When the mechanic especially the republicans can you imagine a gay republican governor
When the McCain camp suggested he might be a candidate for vice president charlie was persuaded to get married
So as to dispel any ideas of not being normal
Unfortunately his efforts were not rewarded. He was abandoned by the McCain campaign, but not by his wife
What does that mean wife he didn't get married he talked about being engaged
What does that mean?
I don't know due to the inordinate length of lines for relief voter turnout the voter crowd was heard asking for the governor to extend the early voting hours to accommodate the crowds
Given the fact the governor's a republican the majority voter turning out our Obama supporters
We didn't think the governor would intervene surprised the governor came out yesterday. We came out
And extended the early voting hours. I never could understand how any member of my minority group could be called a Republican
Outside of their claims of being devout mind to bomb every country they find annoying
They hate gays don't want women to have the right to choose
They insist on offensive cross the border saying the Mexicans back to Mexico not a bad idea and the blacks back to Africa
Now I ask you where else could you find family values like these say cheese from Tom and bokeh
His wife didn't say he never got married
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if the wedding is off
Call up Jimmy Cifal isn't see if Jimmy knows anything about that about cancel weddings
You got Jimmy's number
Yeah, I got a bad he
Can you believe the way what what's happening in this market all these ex-jocks have taken over
You got right wingers and ex-jocks, which there's a lot of crossover there, you know
But that's it
Jimmy Cifal is doing mornings on iod. I mean just a thought of that is it's just
I don't know so all those deals where you don't know what to laugh or cry
So you just put your head in your hands and you just keep laughing and
laughing
John and Dublin was becoming really really chronic
He says I hope you don't think I'm getting ponderous or chronic. I'm off work with a back injury listening to you in George on the net
Yes, you are becoming ponderous, but keep him coming
We can't be choosy now that I know who that Ralph guy is PR Ralph
Oh, and and also I forgot to mention this yesterday the one we found out for sure was the real Johnny Dark who sent me that old picture of his
He's the one who actually sent that racist. I'm embarrassed that I ever knew him
Really? Yes, you didn't hear it on Monday and fact Kristen here because he was he was not working
He was a wall
It was the most disgusting racist piece of garbage and the fact that anybody would be dumb enough
I mean, I'm only assuming that it was from the same person
Because he insisted the real Johnny Dark and then he you know again sent me yesterday with a bunch of his pictures and stuff
It's one thing to be a bigoted. I mean you have every right to be as big of this you want to be but but to come out and say it in public
You're am I right right?
At least have a little bit of common sense
I realized that when you work in this business long enough that he roads whatever you know great matter you had there in the beginning gay matter
Anyway, John and Dublin says here are some points regarding the McCain-Paylon ticket and why I voted for Barack Obama and Joe Biden
Who would vote for someone who finished fifth in the bottom of his graduating class?
Who would leave who would leave his wife after she had a debilitating car accident?
General Wesley Clark is right when he said it doesn't take much to get shot down let alone crash three planes during flight training
A maverick is not somebody who voted over 90% of the time with bush
Who would vote for someone whose husband was a member of a party wanted to succeed from the US
We need smart people now if this juncture in history to run the country
Not the simple things that the Republican party who's through their fascistic garbage racism and hate
But never underestimate the stupidity of the American people says John good luck to us all next Tuesday
Well, thanks John. I hope you're doubling your pleasure in Ireland
He's off from work like fat Chris who's always off from work
Maybe he's retired
fat Chris
Now to think well, maybe you will be one of these days soon
Here's one from cousin the fake cousin Brucey of the markets up 20 points by the way. It's not going anywhere
Oh, there's Joe Biden and Jupiter little class and American they have been better
Carthage going to be in Uranus for the pull two-man
Luge is absolutely the guess thing ever two-man Luge
It makes that quarterback from the University of
Scum Miami who looks like his face is covered with late text looks straight in comparison
Well almost always the u.m. Got a gay quarterback
Nothing. Oh
It says university of scum I scum Miami
Is what it says here can't spell scum without u.m
Oh, and this is a hood it says here's an attachment. Here's a picture from the Wizard of odds and
Look at that. There's there's Sarah and Barack Obama's the tin man and oh boy
And there's an attachment with it too, which I'm deleting right now
They have nothing to say nothing zero
Sipney doodah they have attachments. They got links to articles. They've got
cartoons funny things that aren't funny
This thing was fantastic in the beginning for what about five minutes this email thing
Neil at nearroj's dot com. Keepin coming man. They're really killing me. He'll ride you side. Hi guys and gals
I'm Alaska governor Sarah Pail and when I'm not shooting caribou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground
I'm a 44 year old wife mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock
But I'm also an endorser and I'm here today to tell you folks about me exciting you perfume for you gals out there
It's called Pianocostal perfume
Whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant gosh darn it
This is a fragrance for all you gals other perfumes just pale in comparison
I'm Sarah Pail and I approve this fragrance
I heard Joe the plumbers praise it on his back. Don't let's just a rumor
Boy Joe Biden's all whipped up. Well good. There should be no income taxes for seniors. He's in Florida
You'd be whipped up too if you had to be in Florida. Oh, that's right. You are
1132 at 560 WQM. Don't forget Curtis for the big olat to the coast is clear
See Curtis I guess doesn't kiss clearance is asked them. That must be the problem. Why Curtis never really got his own show
Because I heard it suck cheek
correct
See there you go. I'm not listen. Let's hear it. Let's have a sitting ovation for Faso
wow
What finally grew a small teeny tiny ball bearing type pair nice going Faso. Hey no problem
See now everybody would like you a lot more not that you really will get paid anymore
But you know it's better to be liked
That's what Bill Vines told me do want to be like sandy patent neos so everybody would like you and I said
No, that would mean if everybody liked me that means I would be boring like sandy you idiot
It's also nice to be able to get a check though, so
So what so don't carry too far as what you say
Well, you know, there's some things that I can't always say maybe how's that?
Maybe I'm listen. I just gave you kudos man. Well, thank you very much. I just gave you props from old pops
In the slap
What is nothing like a day at the track when the track is real muddy? Oh god
I long for those days nothing they got this new poly at whatever LA called all these synthetic everything in the world is synthetic now
Probably even Georgia smoking synthetic weed this guy. Thank God
Thank God the day that George starts smoking and synthetic weeds the day that we all walk on
That's right. We get up and walk out and protest
Although when they get some I'll give it a shot
Here's the fake Rachel Maddo sends me an email
Mr. Rogers hello Mr. Rogers my name is Rachel Maddo a friend of mine sent me a clip of your show yesterday in the clip
You referred to me as a dyke and a bitch. Yeah
I'm not sure if this is some sort of weird attempted humor, but I find these comments to be totally rude and offensive
I'm not sure who you think you are mr. Rogers, but this type of slander on the radio is unacceptable in the times we live
Well, let me know when it's acceptable
You're a bigot and a racist mr. Rogers in case you haven't heard I heard it
I have a hit TV show I make more in a month than you make in a year
Yeah, you should live so long honey if this were the real one which it's not
I'm also half your age
So what does that say about your measly accomplishments in the clown market you were in
Consider this a warning mr. Rogers. I'm having my people listen to every minute of your show from here on out
If I hear any more of this slander and bigotry you'll be hearing from my lawyer
I have the contact information for Joe Bell and miss bitch and you'll be hearing from my lawyer
If you don't season the system immediately you're in disgrace to homosexuals everywhere since silly miss Rachel Maddo
Oh try a little bit of lipstick just I don't care where you're smirking. You know
Maybe a little on your back though and at least nobody would see it
Maybe she's allergic to that stuff are there women who are allergic to makeup
There are people who are allergic to everything and so therefore yes
Well, maybe that would maybe Rachel will email me back and say I'm allergic to a mascara and
Rooge and I did a girl that was allergic to all chemicals on her skin
Yeah, pretty girl did not smell pretty though
You did what with her as much as I could oh
She didn't smell good. No, no she could not use anything
I'm not sure I've ever soap she didn't have any accoutrements. Oh I re soap. Oh
This is long before the most of in body wash correct, but anything they said again real men real people
Real intelligent folks use body wash people are still scrubbing at nasty soap
Get serious
Oh
James says oh this is long that's good nice going James keep him coming
Deer and eel I'm gay and I have this quote unquote gay friend in my space who just so happens to be a religious crazy
Evangelical person
I was shocked to hear that he's voting for McCain because the person I'm speaking of is also a black man
I've tried talking reasonably to this guy to vote for Obama
But I don't think he has the ability to reason I think on his own claiming that there were a lot of black Republicans out there
Who vote Republican because it was the Republican party led by President Abraham Lincoln who freed us from slavery yet
That's good logic
Now recently he put up a my space bulletin trying to rally up as many people as he can to cast their vote for old insane
McCain if that wasn't enough is bulletin reflexes his outrageous lie that our country was founded on biblical principles
And then it it quotes some of some crap that he's so I asked you please. What do I say to this lunacy?
I would delete it is what I would do. Okay, Jim. I get a life and deleted
What do I say to this lunacy post it? Oh
You know what this reminds me of it's the people who tell me that they listen to rush because they want to hear the other side
Oh, you hear what he says against me so angry. Yeah, so what he listening for oh, I want to hear both sides, you know
As if there's any doubt of what he's gonna say the kind of vile right wing hate racist garbage that he spews
It's really interesting. I must can make a couple of crazy
Not that I'm sticking up for I'm as who's a cranky old fart and should have been off to your 20 years ago
But he can make a couple of marginal comments on here right away
He gets fired and there's a big sim is about it rush limbal can make the most outrageous racist comments
Whether it's about the NFL or what no matter what it's a Bob or Obama and it's like oh well, you know, that's him. That's rush being rush
Isn't that what happens when you pop too many of them peels?
Bob B says
heard you mentioned that gun sales are up in the USA. I can attest to that
I have two redneck friends in red states Texas and Mississippi
We're stocking up on weapons and ammo to prepare for the uprising
I first while friend and mr. Citi thinks they've Obama selected
He's gonna give every black person in the country a check for 50 grand in the AK-47
What's wrong with that right?
You take the I'll give you the x-ray K-47 if you want to give me your check. Thanks. I never got a um
What do they call those checks that they sent out to everybody did you get economic stimulus?
Yeah, the stimulus panel. I got mine eventually. I haven't got it. I stimulated myself with it. Did you?
In the vacuum wow
That's probably what they sent it they sent it out to everybody can have some toilet paper
You can wipe your ass how much wasn't oh? I forgot it was part of the um
The other thing
oh
Well, my particular case there was a mistake on my return
So they they corrected it and sent me my stimulus all at all in one lump
Bob Bees says love the show keep up the great work. Oh, did you hear that Jimmy syphilis and Henry burrow's overpaid
Yeah, I had that on the air yesterday Bob
Did you know that it was on Monday? I don't know that Jimmy syphilis's wine shop closed down Henry burrow was the tasting guy probably drank him out of business
Out of business Jimmy Jimmy syphilis what happened to the favorite guitar player pull?
I sent you a few weeks ago thought it would be a good one well it wasn't Bob. It says I'm your friend
Well, you saved yourself and it last ends their Bob. It was not a good pull. It sucked favorite guitarist. Oh my god
Jesus he easy even started to make Charlie be look pretty good not great. I
Think they like this pull about the um gayest thing in sports
138 vote
I'm only going to read the top three
Padding the ass 37
Brackum when one guy puts his hand on another guy's ass. Yeah, that's all that's what it means to me
Right, you know, we've always heard about these these you know how to gay people recognize each other
You know, is there something like a something that you wear or even gay hands over around things like that in the as in public
That's that's one of those things. That's how you know
Oh, is that it? Yeah, if a guy smacks you on the ass obviously. How about your Brady Quinn's done a lot of that
Not necessarily on the football field
Padding the ass 37 showering together 23 and male skater costume
21 those cute little figure skaters
Oh
This is CNN breaking news in an interview with Walsh Blitz sir McCain attacked what
Color power was a pretty biting in his criticism
He sends you didn't have a complete grasp. I wonder if you'd like to respond
Stand up and fight what I'm not afraid of the fight
Cut them. I have the scars to prove that you're crazy
I'm ready for it. I do right back with more headline. CNN breaking news
Love 45 at 560 wq. I am happy Wednesday. Here's a really nice email
It says it makes me so happy to know that you're freezing your ass off up there in Schmitty Toronto
Well, I'm enjoying beautiful Miami because you can't do your show from here
Did you know that I can't do my show from there from here? Yeah, you can't well according to this
Oh
According to this guy who's still listening even though see this is what crashed me up about each and every one of these people
Oh, you're show sucks and you're an idiot. Yeah, my mom you're freezing your ass off and etc
Which by the way, it's very nice and toast in here and looks really nice outside
And I'm very happy that I'm not there. I was there all week last week. That was enough
That was enough for a few months
It makes me even happier to know that nobody listens to your crappy show anymore
Yeah, nobody except you I guess, huh?
I'm willing to bet that bees these will be forced to cancel your contract early as they won't be able to build enough to cover your contract
Actually looking at bbji shares which have gone down in the straight line
It's already pretty bankrupt. I guess they'll go under shortly great way to go out
Yeah, I'm really worried about I don't know where I'm going to get my next two nickels to rub together
Thanks for listening though. You're the one
Rocky says try to vote at the library and for a lottery on sunrise Boulevard, but there was no place to park
The people that were parked on the side street near the library will have a gift from the city
There was a lady giving parking tickets to all the cars parked on the street
Thanks for the good news Rocky just another way they encourage people to vote
God
Neal did you notice after syphilis interviewed McCain? No, I didn't notice that syphilis interviewed McCain
I don't listen to the Jimmy syphilis show
He posted on his website that he offered to have see I at least I used to look check out the footy website
Because it was so pathetic. It was funny. You know, I mean
Yep, cam
Oh, that movie you were waiting to see was on again. I was trying to mention that yesterday and you interrupted sorry
Vacancy well, no, that's what I mentioned that the movie departed was on is not the one that you keep telling me to watch
Yes from the beginning and I couldn't get into it, but anyway vacancy was not again. I didn't watch it
I mean once you know the whole thing right correct
There's not much reason to watch it anymore. I do like the part of when he the first time I they go into the motel
And the opener and there's all this screaming and carrying on you know back through that door
And they the uh the motel clerk he did look like a real pervert didn't he
Yes, he was
Anyway, it says did you notice he offered to have Obama on his show free equal time with McCain
But Obama only offered Syrigat's for an interview with syphilis declined
Well, how are we gonna overcome that boys and girls
First of all why would Obama want to go on with a right wing Nazi like Jimmy syphilis on a right wing
Station like iod in a right wing company like a cheap channel. Oh, but they got 942 Neil. Yeah, right
You know who's on 940 miss Rachel Maddo. Oh, I wonder if she wears makeup during the radio show
She could say she does listen Rachel you can be as but as you want to be okay
You're no Keith Loverman make no mistake about it your show blow
Barack Obama
Looking for an action landslide. I think it's gonna be an electoral slant slide. That's my prediction as of now six days before the election and seven days before my birthday
You never did say how old I was gonna be 66
66 we discussed that yesterday. No, we did not you said a hundred I said 200 you said 66
Eventually you didn't listen to it. You sure I did
Highway 66
Do you know how old that is 66 old ancient ancient that yes and yet somehow I don't feel like one of those old Yenters
Like the ones there at the Seminole coconut creek. Oh my god
Wow, what a crowd
So
So one thing when you graduate beyond the blue hairs to the purple hairs
Then you know you've really made it. Wow. I didn't know there was a level beyond blue purple hair
We got purple hair. We got dentures in a glass. It's fizzing
My stomach was fizzing after I dug into some of that chow oh
painful and those sausages over done on the outside and raw on the inside
Breakfast sausages the links
Maybe that's why these people keep sending me all these stupid links
Anyway, Barack Obama now leads in four states one by George Bush in 2004 is essentially tied with John McKinan to other Republican red states
According to the new AP GFK battleground polling what those GFK
I don't know JFK no GFK the results help explain why the democratic is pressing his money manpower advantages
In the school of traditionally GOP states hoping not just for a win but a transcendent victory that remakes the nation's political map
McKinan scrambling to defend states where he wouldn't even be campaigning if the race were closer
Less than a week before election day the AP GFK polisher Obama winning among early voters
Favorite on almost every issue benefiting from the country sour mood and widely viewed as the winning candidate by voters in eight crucial states
Colorado Florida Nevada new Hampshire North Carolina North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania and Virginia
Yes, Virginia. There is a new president coming
And he's black
Not real dark black, but just black enough to scare a lot of them red next
And Johnny dark
I'm I'm embarrassed and ashamed that I ever knew him and I'm also embarrassed that we invited him to come in and eat lunch with us that day on the year
Remember that? Yes
And then a couple weeks later um
We get a message from the front desk. Oh Johnny Dark is out here wants to come in and sit with you guys
We said no
Remember that of course he thought we were going to like keep coming him back for free lunch every couple weeks
Despite him mounting chorus of Republicans predicting their nominees demise McCain aids and sister internal survey show victory is still within reach right
Just like QAIM is going to have a 10 share in the next book
Hosted often book nailed the dolphin book. That's right
Indeed polls are mere snapshots of highly fluid campaigns and this race has been unusually volatile
McCain was written off prematurely last year no bomb-a-seeing points for victory in New Hampshire's democratic primary just before swallery
Thumped him in New Hampshire
Even as close to election day racial tensions and the numbers of late deciding voters identified by the APGF K polling leave room for doubt
But the surveys confirm when McCain aids privately acknowledge their chances of winning are low
They're feeling mighty low
And we're discovering just how low they can go. I'm I'm serious between now and Tuesday. I guarantee they bring out the N word
Or at least smokey a cloud
Coon something like that. Don't you think I'm sure they are behind closed doors. Yes. Oh now. What was it that Sarah called the let's see
I didn't have time for that story yesterday. Why don't have time for any stories because generally speaking we've had a lot of emails, but not today
Fox host be rates Joe the plumber after McCain surrogates his Obama vote means death to Israel. I'll never have time for that either
So
Porter outside McCain rally chance bomb Obama
Bama Obama. I'm sure McCain singing that
Where's the story about them? It was on our website
She calls she said oh when when
Obama beats swallery she said I see Sambo beat the bitch
That was her comment
Sarah mega painting McCain pale
How do you like that?
Sambo beat the bitch. I
Said she's a good religious bitch though Sarah. Oh no
The poll shows Obama holding solid leads in Ohio seven points Nevada 12 points Colorado Nyan and Virginia 7 all red states one by
Borscht that collectively offer 47 electoral votes
Sweeping those four putting together the right combination of two or three would almost certainly make Obama president
It takes 270 electoral votes to win the White House
Obamacaner in 252 by merely reclaiming states one by John Kerry in 2004
There were only two Kerry states still in contention
Pennsylvania with 21 votes and New Hampshire with four and the full show of Obama leading both by double digits
Ohio loans got 20 electoral votes Nevada five Colorado nine Virginia 13
An additional bomb is tied when the came North Carolina and Florida according to the polling two vote rich states
Bush carried in 2004 Obama's throwing his time in money into the sunshine state
Which has 27 electoral votes part of a strategy to create many roots to victory and push or to landslide of 300 or more electoral votes
North Carolina's got 15
Independent polling suggests that New Mexico and Iowa two traditionally Republican states are out of reach for McCain out of reach
Other red states may be creeping away from him in a contention including Montana. Can you imagine that if Obama and one Montana?
Can you even begin to imagine the name when you you're a Montana?
They have a Democratic governor. Lots of tree hug and hippies live in Montana. What do you think they yeah
That's what tree hug and hippies like trees they they go to where the trees are so they can hug them
Yeah, hug this that yeah
The bottom line it says McCain must overtake Obama in the many red states where he's trading retired a tall order
Where he needs to gain some really room by winning Pennsylvania where he currently trails by 12 points
Many of his own support to say the race is all but over
I
Get the sense it's shutting down said Tom Rath a Republican consultant who hamster were McCain trails by 18 points
18 points in New Hampshire
Yet in where there's a week. There's hope well there's only six days now Tom
A couple of factors might cut McCain's way. It says first. There's still a good number of voters open to changing their minds from a low
Four points in Nevada to 14 points in New Hampshire
But what does that tell you if every one of those undecided went
For McCain he still lose by four points in New Hampshire the poll is right
Right right right
Absolutely
Second the impact of race is hard to measure factors of bombacies to become the nation's first black president, but he's only like half black
In three states North Carolina Florida and Pennsylvania the number of white Democrats who said the word violent described most blacks
He doubled digits in the polling
Violent described most black people. How do you like that North Carolina? Florida and Pennsylvania
In those same states Obama was having trouble winning over white Democrats 20% of them in North Carolina said they were voting for McCain 12 percent in Florida and five eight percent in Pennsylvania
A senior G o P8 in Congress speaking on conditioning and an enemy to avoid angry his nominee said McCain's advisors are being asked
By some Republican leaders to focus the candidates travel on states with post-Senator races
Essentially abandoning his White House ambition to help reelect GOP senators. How's Ted Stevens doing? He's still campaigning good old Ted
Not see bastard. I hope that's there when they put him in a slam
I hope they know that there's a real Nazi on the inside
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q a M
Hi, yes, I know isn't this weird that I'm coming up to you in the snackie cat island
My gut is telling me it might be a bad idea for the campaign. So Jesus thinks that uh, odour protection
It has always been an embarrassment
Did you know that only stay free has active odor control ingredients that stop odor before it begins?
I don't know but seven-minute odor nobody likes it. Tell me about it
I've been there. I know what the challenges are now you get four-wall protection against leaks and odor neutralizers
Thanks, but no thanks. It's a part of the culture here in Alaska. I just grown up with that. I said thanks, but no thanks. Oh
God. He just gives me the willies
Armando says now want you to listen to this all right any reaction to the documentary. I mentioned to you Wednesday question mark
Now
First of all couldn't have been on Wednesday because I was on vacation last Wednesday must have been on Monday. Uh-huh
Although it seems to me that you were there for this. I don't know. I guess not I have a vague memory of something from an Armando
And you're looking for it. He's not talking about that. You didn't know what network it was on and didn't know the right name of it and
Etc. No, I don't have any reaction because I didn't see it. I have no idea where to find it other than that have a great day Armando
Melissa desks is one ball Z Obama lover two days ago. They 23 year old parked
Right across from the Versailles Cuban restaurant Miami's political equivalent of Western Texas and took out a change
O8 yard sign
Racing yourselves. You turned on her video camera
On a quest to raise awareness amongst Spanish speaking Miami and desks figure a little of Anna would be the right place to change a few minds to win an election
You've got to understand your opponents, right?
It was an ice idea anyhow. It says here's her week kind of what went down with the customers
They got nasty. I'm a little overweight so they told me you're fat with Obama's president there will be no food
They called me a terrorist a communist a disgrace
A lady told me that with Obama America will cry blood an old man grabbed his genitals and called me a lesbian
He said you have black babies
Wait lesbians make babies now. That's what should be we should be blogging about
What the haters didn't know desks is Cuban too damn it. She was so it was not not all total failure
It says
One good exchange came from the mess and elderly woman crossed the street marched over to her and confessed that she once supported fidel Castro
When I was young I did the same thing hoping for change, but look what happened she said
I
Come on Easter come on Easter
That's guess assured her the US Constitution and the country's love affair with capitalism will prevent Obama from suddenly morphing into a Castro monster
The woman looked at that's guessing credulously then returned to her black beans and yellow rice
How you like that should return to her black beans and yellow riso
right
Hmm
Here's one from the fake Johnny rotten
Voted 815 this morning a total of only 45 minutes. It was a pleasure to be part of a democratic victory
Love you lots Johnny rotten in Palm Beach County. They must open the polls early in Palm Beach
Because they sure wouldn't be open eight o'clock in the morning and date of Broward and date this week they're opening at 11 right and Broward
It's 10 I believe
Okay
Chris oh
Here's one from the fake Randy Rhodes
I noticed that all the fake email addresses are at Yahoo dot com. Do you think there's any particular reason for that or
Because it's really easy. It could just it's just as easy to make a fake gmail or uh, or what's the hotmail address
In addition to which Randy has got her name spelled wrong our h a n d i
Not a shame. I know she was a little bit short on you know
Anyway, she says hello, Neil. How are you?
It's been way too long since we last spoke. I'm afraid this is not going to be a nice conversation
I understand you've been stealing my material such as bits and soundrops et cetera. This is not acceptable
Neil, why would you do something like this to me? Oh no
You were like a mentor to me and now you steal my material
You're a bit of old fag Neil you're mad because you never got syndicated and mad because you're coming close to the age of death
Stop stealing my my mature you fact you fag or I will sue your friend Randy misspelled
That great
Marty says how about a birthday shout out. It's my birthday today
Well, and that thing about shout out if I hear it. I'm gonna say it again now everybody is saying that all over the place
Well, why do people say that? Why do people say ding dong daddy? I don't know
No, I'm serious. Why do they keep saying that? I want people say stuff people reinvent the language
Your generation did it to grips
Shout out my ass. Oh, all right. Oh, I really know Jersey. I'm excited. I did that
Oh
Some days I do that a lot when I was down there. I was farting like a like an elephant. I don't know why because I kept eating all the time
Just eating and eating and feeding and eating on my god. I would have been dead a long time ago if I was down there
So this crap about what you can't do you're sure? I mean I can do my show where we now. I want to do how do you like that?
They can they can duplicate this neat little studio anywhere they want to put it
You know what I mean? Brackdome. Yeah, that's what it is ticket
Anyway, Marty says long time listed of the show long time friend of yours. We went to bright and number one eagle cove together
I believe our mothers are aunts or girlfriends long time friend of yours
If you're lucky to assaults is Marty. Well, how come if Marty and you know what his email address no life at so and so
Oh Lisa sacred mm-hmm
Wouldn't you think that if I went to school?
First of all, I didn't go I went to bright and elementary not bright and I don't know what he's talking about bright and number one
mm-hmm
And I didn't go to eagle cove
Well, why do people just make crap up like that? I didn't go to you. Well, I went to um
uh, what was his name?
Summer camp Marty um, I forget the name
It was 16 years old was 50 years ago
In the Adirondacks
Oh, anyway, Marty. I'm sure you'll email back and give me your last name and all the details about your shoe size
I and all the other good stuff
uh
And boy talk about an accurate email address. I have no life. Oh god
Don't forget doors open at 430 this afternoon early vote for change rally for Barack Obama at the Yentah center in sunrise
or the Panthers play
You going oh, yeah, sure why not I got a really nifty idea for you. You could stop it. Stay in shake on the way
or instead of
instead of what
Instead of going to the game
To what game?
This isn't a hockey game. This is uh, Obama is gonna be there to speak. Oh, it's a rally Sally. Okay, then I will
No, no, no, no, no, you won and certainly Chris won Chris probably don't get into Broward County too much
I've also got class tonight
class
see
What Spanish class? No
Well, what kind of class is this?
um computer class
And what are you going to do with that? Well, hopefully get a degree and then eventually maybe get a second job since this place
And then you're gonna leave us is that what you're threatening to do now? No, I don't want to leave you at all
I just need to try to get a second god no wonder he's starting to second
a second
job
So this place pays like crap. Well, how can you afford a second job when you can't even keep up the time of the first one
They're working the eight days a week. I can keep up the time here
Boy, you sure change this tune for me yesterday didn't hey. I'm working six days a week. What else do you want?
seven
Too bad
Why is this like difficult manual labor? Are you like working on an assembly line? You realize what an easy job you got?
Yes, I definitely uh, I realized what you job. I mean, I realized what an easy job. I got
I used to have
Before Joe Bell came to town. He made my life my life ain't worth four cents. Thanks to Joe Bell
We used to have some fun remember those days George. I do like it was yesterday. Yeah
Used to be a pleasure used to be fun as all hell to come into work and get a few laughs and get some calls and talk to the natives out there
And the foreigners the illegals
What's the blue dog? I think we ought to like blue dogs as a president. He'll kill all the illegals
Just line them all up and shoot their ass. Sure
He's a crazy person, you know, blue dogs. Yeah, that's all right. He is
That's how is your hero, but he's a crazy person that just goes you hate Mexicans. No, I don't
Only met one. I didn't like I told you about him. Yeah
I'm the verdict is still out with me the jury's out
But I have lots of doubt every other one I've encountered was a very hardworking honest person
Ha ha ha ha ha
Our mandOSs as I sent you reply telling it was on the sunday in sandal on monday
Sorry. I said Wednesday. It was on the iracked occupation blunders
What wrong Neil? Are you participate? Are you partaking on the gongja with my fellow cube?
Oh, he's one of your fellow cubes
I say
Ron says you are too cocky, Neil Obama is mostly a black man. Don't underestimate the power of racism
but he then he will lose Florida.
Paul's in several states are tightening.
Ain't it done deal?
Everyone has to vote.
Or I forgot you aren't voting.
It says smart ass Ron.
Ha ha ha.
Let me say it again.
It's going to be an electoral landslide.
Even George believes that.
Yep.
But Ron must be another one of those fools trying to talk himself
into believing, oh it ain't over, chill it's over.
Guess what?
Even the McCain people know it's over.
Oh and here's Jonathan and Boko.
So he keeps sending me this thing about the zeitgeist,
the dendom part two of the zeitgeist movie,
and a link to it.
They get further into the financial system,
the problems, whether it's great, check it out.
Okay, I'll check it out. Thanks, Jonathan.
I won't delete that.
According to the polls, North Carolina's got a Obama 48.3 McCain 47.
Yeah, it's close to North Carolina, but Obama's ahead.
Or he shouldn't even be competitive.
Shouldn't be even in the race.
Let's see, the polls are open, 70M to 7PM.
But this doesn't say where.
The early voting polls are not open, 70M to 7PM.
It doesn't say where is that in Palm Beach.
See, if you wanted to tell me what you're talking about,
it might make it a little bit more meaningful for the audience,
for those people out there.
John McCain says, hey Neil, what about my T-Rex arms?
Hey, hey, hey, what about that Sarah?
Hey, hey, that was embarrassing.
Well, his whole campaign is embarrassing.
And she's beyond embarrassing.
This really gives you something to think about Barbara from Hollywood.
And you know what it is?
It says voting points.
And it goes on and on and on and on.
You know, something she copied from something else.
You know what I mean?
Right?
Here's one from Rob, who says, good morning,
how come gas is only $1.95 in Toronto at the station on Danforth?
Thanks in great show, your biggest fan, Rob in Toronto.
91.5 cents a liter, that is, of course, keep in mind.
And isn't it just a coincidence that just before the West election
gas is dropping like a rock?
Just a coincidence, isn't it?
Yep.
Here's one from Snapperhead.
I've heard Gildy twice calling you a miserable old man
on 560QM in the past month.
He's got to be the biggest ass kisser I've ever heard or seen.
You should see him on FSM cable sports talk show with Kimba Bokeh ampere
and Danny Cannell.
What a real turdy is.
He looks and sounds like a little kid, except for the hair plugs.
And his broadcast of the Panther games are unbearable.
I'd like to take him up to center rice at Intermission and castrate him at the next game.
Now that's entertainment.
Jimmy Cifalus voice is suicide-inducing.
And he's a Republican cheerleader, just like his shower butt buddy,
Mad Dog, Yaddiade.
Really started to see that Mad Dog's ratings are so low.
This is the beginning of the end for Mad Dog.
He sucks. Have a nice day. He says, Carl Marx.
It's time, Carl Marx.
Thanks, Carl.
And quit picking on the Mad Dog, even though he is a...
Oh, right!
...hard-carrying Nazi.
1213 at 560.
Don't let the man with his vote by the way.
It's dangerous.
Keep him locked in the building next Tuesday.
Please.
Okay.
Are you fudge-packing?
Healing for from Alaska.
Healing for from Alaska.
Huh?
For from Alaska.
Very true.
And Eskimo.
For from Alaska.
A hockey-malking foe.
Sarah Sunfold threw some colleges after leaving Idaho.
She met a guy named Todd.
Who's a drunken Eskimo?
She modeled in her bathing suit in a local beauty show.
That she got a big intermediary of broadcasting force for hold.
She planned to be the mayor in the town of 52.
Then became the governor of a state where the girls are few.
She kept the money for the tear marks.
That she got approved.
And Sarah named her children trick and track and dignity.
Do well the path of dark dealing up with crank in one seal of force.
For from Alaska.
Very true.
And Eskimo.
For from Alaska.
A hockey-malking foe.
Oh yeah, she'd be the best.
Okay, now why didn't you tell me see I'm because I look at the Sunsinole and the Harold and they both suck.
Yeah, what did I tell you that?
I thought you knew that already.
I don't know about about the seven AM to seven PM thing.
Oh, which of course it should have been that way in the beginning.
But your gay governor, he finally got in there, gay, opened it all up and that's guarantees now Obama's going to win.
But that's a mix, it's kind of a mixed bag because there's an article of somebody sent me about the fact that we're getting this massive turn.
Out of dark, complex voters.
They're also going to be voting yes on prop one.
Prop two.
They're going to be voting yes on the no gay marriage amendment.
Okay.
Vote no on amendment two.
Unless of course you're a bigot.
And of course dark folks tend to be extraordinarily homophobic except for a little Richard.
What was a rock and roll and drugs that led him to the homosexuality?
Is that what it was?
What he said?
Hey Richard, Dick.
You fairy.
Hey Neil, just wanted to let you know a fellow coworker went about 10 AM to vote and there was hardly any line he told me there was only a 15 and a wait.
In my muby location is at City Hall.
17 AM to convention center drive.
My wife and I are big fans of yours and George too.
We've listened since you were on the night's on W.Y. and Z. We're Democrats and proud of it.
We were Republicans back in late 80s before we started listening to you.
Our son is 15 years old.
A 10's Crowgable senior high has been volunteering for the Obama campaign in the Gables and for local state representative Luis Garcia.
Mr Garcia is running for reelection district 107.
His rival is a former lobbyist to work for Mayor Pinkis Bicania and made a couple million dollars under the I'm international airport expansion.
By the way, he took early and a crotch and D.S. be fart brothers does not put the word Republican on his banners.
I can't it's chopped off.
Keep up the great work.
Well, Obama happy 66th birthday.
You know, I may you have many, many, many, many more.
That's right. I'm going to let the beat 200 just to piss off all these negative to a hospital bastards.
You notice how much of this stuff that we get on here is really negative?
Sour.
Oh, we don't understand why you don't want to be in South Florida.
Sour. Negative.
Who wants that?
I got enough tourists of my own just like everybody else does in life.
I don't know any added like like that.
What do you want?
Now, here's an interesting one, not interesting, a pathetic email.
Wouldn't it be ironic if McCain wins the popular vote but still loses?
What would you be saying about the electoral college then?
The same thing that I always have said about the electoral college.
It's a piece of crap.
And last time I can recall I'll go on the popular vote in 2000, but he lost the election because they fixed Florida and he lost the electoral college.
So I'll be saying exactly the same thing as I said then.
Only McCain isn't going to win the popular vote.
No chance.
Also, it seems the date County Supervisor of elections is much better than Browards.
I agree with that.
Just say no to Brenda Snipes.
Oh, it wasn't her fault when you know what, too bad.
17 voting locations in Browards.
Well, what a farce.
What a slap in the face.
And quit picking on poor little Gellie, okay?
He's squicking his way to the top.
Him in that dumb frog Denise Puffman.
Mark and Miami says all pulling places throughout the state are now open.
70 into 70.
And gay governor Charlie Limpress.
Chris must really be pissed off of McCain because he enacted the law yesterday requiring the early voting sites for the entire state to be opening at these times.
Basically helping in sure Obama will carry Florida.
Well, that's what happens when he get a governor, even a Republican one.
He turns out to be a turncoat.
He turns tail.
Correct.
Yes.
I understand that they're going to rename the Florida turnpike the Hershey highway in honor of your current governor.
Is that true?
I just make that up.
He just made that up.
No, I did not.
Okay.
Oh, look at this.
Here's a whole bunch of stuff.
The gay governor increased the early voting hours, but he is still gay.
But but you TT.
When's the wedding, Charlie?
You fairies is Rob.
And for a lot of it.
I think the wedding has been put on hold.
Somebody's holding it.
Here's one that says I was out in Brickle and South Beach last night.
These whims were bundled up wearing scarves and winter coats.
Nobody buying ice cream restaurants that have outdoor seating, which are packed in the most humid nights of summer.
Or mostly empty unless they had those outdoor torch heaters.
I looked at the clock on Lincoln Road and the temperature said 61 degrees.
To me, 61 degrees is like heaven.
If it's not windy.
See, one thing about temperature and you I we discussed this last year.
Thirty.
Thirty man.
Isn't really that cold if there's no wind at all.
You know, if you have a warm jacket or coat.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
I do.
It really isn't right.
The whole thing with temperature is the wind.
The wind.
It's sunny.
It's beautiful.
I hope castanov gets the Toronto weather right.
Because boy, if he doesn't, they're going to be all over his ass.
Nice billboards, though, by the way, too really colorful.
Not.
You've seen their billboards?
Paul and Old Ron on the big way.
The worst billboards I've ever seen in my life and the worst part of it is.
Heaps channel owns those billboards and that's the best they can do.
Well, I guess for them.
It's 38 plus three.
And going all the way up to 41 or 2 today.
61 degrees and like a bunch of pansies.
Oh, gee, it's up cold.
Here's one that says, sorry for not being clear.
It's all early voting polls.
Jay's the article was in the Sun Central this morning.
Now, it's my, it's my bad.
I didn't know about it because nobody told me and I was trying to get some information.
Of course, the Sun Central on the front page, there's no news on there.
And that's why they have the mashtag like about 18th of in-nage letters now.
Just a heads up.
Chris has heard it all the polls open.
Seven of them this week.
They're going, okay, thanks.
You hear that?
We just got a hand out.
Dear New God, Charlie says the seven to seven PM, yadi, yadi, yadi.
They'll be open 10 a.m. to four p.m. Saturday and Sunday.
And today's the last day to request an F.C.D. ballot and Broward.
Thanks, Jane.
Oh, here's one that says, did your stream feed take a major dumpers at my unique problem?
Let me go back to that and see.
No, it's up.
It's just doing fine.
It's your problem.
Oh, here's one from Raw, who says, hey, Neil, what happened to footy?
Holla back.
Holla back.
He got fired.
Show me yours.
I'll show you mine.
This is I with the snooze.
McCain's released a new attack at John McCain proudly served in Vietnam, but Barack Obama didn't.
Instead, he played chess with grade school children.
Because he was 10 years old on the high school chess team.
When the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, where was Barack Obama?
No where to be found.
Because he wasn't born yet.
When the British attacked Lexington and conquered, where was Barack Obama?
No where to be found.
John McCain was only seven, but he still bit off a British soldier's foot.
Barack Obama, he just doesn't care.
Who wins the World Series?
He likes both teams.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
Don't think Obama's campus taking the attack lying down.
John McCain.
I've cost up to carry your stuff in that.
John McCain.
I just want to touch it.
John McCain.
I got a bingo.
What do I win?
A banana.
I'm Barack Obama and I approve this message.
Both of us have, by the way, a running in fewer than a dozen battlegrounds state.
Count 31 at 560 WQM.
Happy Wednesday to it.
Six days away from the presidential election, we got the end of the World Series tonight, the end of the last game.
I think it'll be over tonight.
Don't you, Fat Chris?
Probably, I hope so.
Two, two.
They pick it up into six thinning.
And anybody who says, well, I think they ought to start the game over again from the beginning.
It's got to be a moron, okay?
Let's just change the rules as we go along.
Stupid bastards.
And you know that Marty who said that he was a long time friend of mine.
I went to bright number one at Eagle Cove in Yaudiati.
What?
Marty.
And Eagle Cove?
My long time friend who went to bright number one.
Okay.
I remember I said that he should send another email and tell me who the hell he is.
You did.
He did not.
Oh, I'm just telling you this is another game.
That I thought you were going to talk to say so.
Yeah, long time friend of yours, right?
See, anybody who would be a long time real friend of mine would have put a last name on there.
I don't remember going to school with anybody named Marty, at least not in elementary school.
High school, I went to a school with a kid named Marty Schneider.
He killed himself.
Seems like there was a lot of suicides in my school.
I'm in Canada, you know, well, you know, if you lived a lot of your life in Canada when you were,
you'd probably want to kill yourself too.
What a horse ball.
Please leave it to my father to open up a business in Canada, England, New York.
Oh, God.
Here's the poll so far.
We got 245 votes on our new poll.
What do we have on the first one?
A thousand, even, right?
That should be pretty easy.
Even, uh, Chris can figure that out.
Uh-huh.
So we got a thousand five actually.
We got one thousand five.
Is that true or that jive?
Altru, Dario.
What's the gist thing in sports?
I'm only going to read the double digit ones.
Padding the ass 65, padding the old.
Get your hand off his ass.
You fairy.
Male skater costume 43.
Oh, that figure skating is just really gay.
Showering together 30.
About 30, man.
Wrestling 14.
That was the late edition.
Thanks to George.
Holding hands in a huddle 12.
Under hands under center 11.
Yeah, I wonder what they do when they put their hands under the.
Center's ass.
Do you think it's kind of strange when you see a guy walk up?
Well, one guy bends down and then the other guy gets up right behind him and puts his hands under his ass.
Yeah.
No, she find that a little bit gay.
Not a little.
Oh, very.
Yeah.
Mucho.
Steve.
The down is up over 100 points.
That's because Barack Obama is speaking.
That's why I'm running.
That's why you're here.
That's why we're going to win on November 4th.
So I just want everybody to keep this in mind.
When you're talking to your friends and your neighbors, they're just like, hey, I'm just talking to you.
I'm not sure.
You just ask them, what is John McCain going to do that's different from George Bush?
Just ask him one thing.
I mean, if they're satisfied with what's happened over the last eight years, they should vote for McCain.
But ask them what good idea does he have for our future?
You don't know.
You know his attacks on me.
You know the bad things he's saying about me.
Communist socialist.
Ask yourself.
Terrorist.
One thing.
Schwarzer.
The John McCain is offering to improve this economy.
Hate.
A lot of good hate, man.
Heavy duty hate.
That's what John McCain offers.
And of course, don't forget about Sarah.
So, Sambo beat the bitch.
That was your observation after Obama beat Swirli in the primaries.
Right.
Sambo beat the bitch.
Ain't that lovely?
And I thought she's a good religious.
Well, you know, she's one of your religious people.
Yes, one of my religious people, that's right.
Yes.
Is it a new area of expertise?
Sure does.
What do you want to know?
I don't want to know.
You want to teach how to speak in tongues?
Run, no, no, no, no.
Not like Sarah.
No.
Nobody does it quite like Sarah.
Talk about the tongue.
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska Governor Sarah Pielin.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground, I'm a 44-year-old wife, mother, and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser, and I'm here today to tell you folks about me exciting, you perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Pianocostal perfume.
Waa naga laga.
Naga, naga, naga, naga, naga.
She does it better.
No questions.
Well, wait till you hear this.
Some rise official's fear election day disaster.
Oh my god.
Wow.
It's in the scum sentinel.
It's actually a news story in the Sun sentinel.
It's very short though.
On those six pages, they don't have room for too many stories.
They've got to get all the ads in, you know.
In fact, there's an ad on this for Pinecrest School.
Deputy Mayor Roger Wischner requested an absentee ballot for the November 4th presidential election almost a week ago.
As of yesterday, he was still waiting and worrying about whether it would arrive in time.
It's probably in the same batch with mine.
Wischner noted a long wait in dirt by early voters and said he doubted seniors would be able to stand for hours waiting to vote on November 4th.
It's going to be a disaster on election day he said.
At his urging, the Sunrise Commissioner agreed last night to send an emergency resolution to Governor Charlie Kruth.
Well, they took care of it.
I don't want another J Leno story about Broward not counting the balance commissioner Sheila Allou said,
The measure passed four to zip with Mayor Stephen Ferrin absent.
Sunrise sent a similar resolution to Snapson August expressing this may over delayed results in the primary election August 26.
Ferrin, who's running for Broward Circuit Judge, then joined Wischner and Allou in complaining that voters were kept waiting on results in an election with a lowly 10% turnout.
A much higher turnout is expected in November.
It says what a what a perspicacious observation by Susanna Brian in the scum sentinel a higher turnout than 10% is expected in next week.
Takes a hell of an education to figure that out. Oh Susanna.
Very sad.
Randy Michaels destroys the newspapers. He first he destroyed the radio business. Now he's destroying the newspaper business.
And if he and his buddies, they're actually owned the Tribune company that means they also own the Cubs. How about that Cubby Van Wagon Chris?
Kill it. How are they doing? I hate the Cubs.
You what? I hate the Cubs. Why is that? I'm most of their fans.
I just hate that one guy. Are you on the Van Wagon Neil the Cubbies? Cubbies watch WGN tonight at eight o'clock Cubbies? Cubbies. I don't hear from that guy anymore. Christopher not taking any calls.
Could you want to up to your brother? I'm asking George not you. Okay. Well George don't care. I don't you know what? Don't want or you don't care. I don't care either one first.
257 votes on your full. What are we going for now? 350? I'm going to say to me. That would be pretty damn good. That would be like, you know, over 13. I'm told, of course it's cheating. The that was up 118. Speaking of numbers.
It's up 118. 91 83 on the Dow. I told everyone of you was a buying opportunity. Steel money and buy a lot of slosh. Stock stock.
Isn't that what I told him? That's what you said. I can't even begin to tell you how aggravated I was.
Just a couple days ago. I get a message from down in the house that there was a call from a certain solicitor at a certain bank.
I bank with I don't want to say it on here because they spend a lot of money on the station if they're still in business at any rate.
And this guy was soliciting my business. Oh, I see you have large deposits there and blah, blah, blah. I'm just wondering we have these interest bearing. No thanks. Oh, you're the near Rogers from the radio. Yeah.
Go away. Isn't that something? And I thought to myself the same thing. I thought about that guy that claims he went to school with me.
And also about your friend PR Ralph. It's giving me a son of a once interfere with my balance. Do you have a lot of.
W Q a M Hello. Q a M out there Q a M Hello. Is the pot opener is it closed? Oh, somebody Q a M Hello afternoon.
Yes, sir. How about them cubby? Yeah, they suck. Yeah, wait on next year. Oh, this is the same a hole. No. Yes. There's more of a thought here. What does that mean? There's a lot of cup fan. So who cares?
Not white socks, man. Not us. The cup suck. Have a good day. See you now. Boy, you're right, Chris. They are idiots, even Harry knew the cup. The sports reader. I Luis Miguel played, baby. Okay, we have to interrupt the proceedings for breaking news. I want to hear a news.
What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What
Wow, he's going all over the place. I'm trying to catch the signs as they go along here. I'm not sure that's interstate 95. That might be 595 as I look at this. I really can't tell from the point of view, but how could it be 595 in the center road. I did speak to the Broward Sheriff's Office because this chase is now taking place in Broward, which is the major city in 95 of the transport. The Broward Sheriff's Office is not involved in the chase when they are involved in the chase. It looks like anybody was involved in the chase. It's getting deputies along the route trying to keep cars from getting in the way.
We may see an on ramp coming up here where we see a Broward deputue off to the side with the lights going... Nothing like OG, I'll say that. The Broward Sheriff's Office says their chase policy is if there's a violent felony, they do indeed engage in a chase. We know that at this point it is the Miami Beach Police Department, I believe, that is involved in the chase. They may have a similar policy. Let's see if we can spot a sign there. Did you guys catch that sign? No, we're not. They go by so fast and because of the
focus is really on this SUV carry. What we're seeing now is the SUV driving once again on a shoulder. It looks like he's heading toward an off-ramp and now,
yep, back on the freeway once again, where it looks like traffic has been cleared. What we have here is if this is 595, that heads east and west and heads out to a community called Weston. So he may have let's see there.
That's fine to say the off ramp to 869, does that sound familiar to you, Carrie? Yeah, that would be...
So, indeed, he's out on 595, then I believe. So he's heading out towards Weston, which will run into interstate...
Hillsborough Boulevard, if I'm following this correctly. This means that he came Hillsborough Boulevard.
How could it be 595, Carrie, if it says Hillsborough Boulevard, you idiot. You're right behind him. Well, he was thinking about it.
You see this police cruiser right behind this and Carrie, I'm not sure if you've been watching throughout this, but...
You see there 95 of the turnpike, right? Right. He's going north.
This vehicle trying to force him off the road while there were several cars...
It's 35 ahead of you know, the HOV. There's no HOV on the turnpike.
Under vehicles on this interstate are not going in the car.
As they were on the other interstate, it looks like the chase itself.
Let's hire Johnny Dirk to go. I 95.
So I stand corrected. On interstate 95, heading north...
See what did we just take, Carrie? It is.
He's sitting browered if he can be in the vehicle. He's going north on 595, which is east-west straightaway.
The HOV lane is kind of like this time of day, but this is a clean shot.
I mean a lot of this road, as you can tell, has been rebuilt recently.
Yeah, thank God for the lanes are extremely wide and clear.
Not nice.
But if you follow this route, clearly the officers have the possibility of putting some other units ahead of him.
In Florida, they use a radio system that allows for what they call mutual aid.
So the police officers here would be able to contact officers from other communities to get out there and possibly put a rolling blockade up here.
It looks like he's just lost the officers who were tailing him.
He just pulled a quick move off to the right and onto another freeway. There it goes.
And, Carrie, do we know who is right now in charge of this high-speed chase here?
Remember what Sunny said? So let's just let's just move our ass going around the block.
Did the initial chase and that there was a torque or should my museum police department?
Yep.
And I should explain to you, Cameron and Carrie, that I'm a little head of viewers.
I'm watching our two feeds, one feed that's coming in live and we're delaying our feed a little bit.
Just in these cases, we're always very careful about showing viewers anything that becomes too graphic.
Right now, he's heading off now onto the side.
They're running the video on the way and he's going to run.
There's people in crosswalks, we just see him barreling across crosswalks through red lights.
This is where the real theme comes into play.
On the highway, of course there's other vehicles, but it's really pedestrian.
It's nice weather around today. It's in the 70s.
And we're just told by our producers that this chase is just south of the Boca Raton airport right now, Carrie.
Yeah, on 595.
Okay, well, you know, this is a, you can tell from the pictures of a lot of manicured yards, nice houses and the roads are very clean.
Why does he keep telling us the road is very clean? Is there some significance in that?
Watch this move right in between these two cars and then a little turn to the right.
He goes off the road onto the graph through an intersection.
Look at this, a quick drive.
On to another lane. I have yet to see the police officers here, Cameron.
No, you know what? Contessa, it's interesting because they will and have been stationed at different points, but obviously their lives could be in danger as well.
We don't know if this person is armed or what not.
The only time that we've actually seen an officer.
And we saw an officer jump out of his cruiser with his hand on his gun, but that officer looks like a hope.
Suspect just went around the traffic and went on from there.
We still have Carrie.
They're at home.
Carrie, give us a little bit of your ear about the assistance that the other officer came with.
And we're watching here.
We're watching here.
I'm going to go to the home.
He's getting two people.
The passenger are shot in one place.
And now they lost the picture on MSNBC.
We saw someone getting out on the passenger side.
Another individual on the driver's side.
And now they're in a neighborhood.
Yep, he's seeing him running. Here he is.
He's running.
The chopper has a great shot.
We haven't seen the police catching up since he made that quick move to get off of what looked like I-95.
But here's the fact that they're trying to get in.
They're trying to get in.
They're trying to get in.
This is an area that they know or not.
Or have they just wanted it?
There's enough of the right.
They're going to try and get inside and hide it.
But if they're trying to hide, it's not going to work because the police are monitoring.
Yeah, the police look like they're right on the scene.
They're not.
Also, their own chopper is of Contessa right now.
So in addition to the television choppers, you have the authorities.
But the natural instinct is to worry or wonder if there are people in these homes right now.
Let's give a shout out to the police and the chopper.
This could again be another dangerous situation if there are pinks.
You're going in and around.
They're trying to hide inside one of these-
I didn't hear it.
You can see the men in order the-
Ohhh, oh.
Just the closest of the police.
I don't really do that.
I don't really need any songs, I'm sorry.
And now what we're seeing is I think I just saw a police squad car pulling up it.
Oh, it's about freaking time already.
Here we go.
Did we see the cars back there?
Right there.
You can probably find these officers now approaching the home.
It appears to be a neighborhood in Boca Raton, Florida.
This is north of Miami.
I was just wondering if
change that began in Miami.
We're told that this is a
robbery suspect from Miami
Beach, a robbery that occurred
in Miami.
I could be wrong, but maybe
they're looking for
hostages, things like that.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm trying to track down the
driver of this SUV minivan.
But we saw as well someone
getting out on the passenger
side.
And let's see what this is.
This is an opposite of white
shirt because now they've got
their guns drawn.
Again, this is a
residential neighborhood.
And they have
a lot of people who are
out on the car.
They have, I'm sorry,
to keep that.
Okay, there's another shot
apparently of one of the
suspects contested now in
custody.
Look at that.
That's where it was.
We are seeing here, but our
producers are telling me that
there's another shot of a
suspect in custody.
We actually just showed what
appeared to be a couple
officers walking very slowly
behind the car.
And we're seeing a guy who
is a man who may have been the
suspect.
Oh, and now wait, watch, watch
as this chopper shot zooms in.
And what you're going to see
here, I think we've got it
right here.
That's the shot.
That's what they were referring
to.
This is the video, but there was
another person I want to thank
out.
It's a white guy.
It was a white shirt on.
I thought we saw it.
And long hair.
So was it a woman?
Was it a guy with long hair?
It looked like in that
immediate moment.
It looked like a woman to me.
But here's the guy.
Take a look at this.
And watch this on the left.
The moments ago when they got
out and ran that looks like
the suspect right on the right.
Nice palm trees, by the way,
huh?
Yeah.
Nice foliage.
And custody.
Yeah.
We can rewact that tape too.
We can see that moment when
these two suspects got out of
the white car and maybe take a
look at it.
Let me ask you, they got the one.
And what happened to the other
one?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Call this a perp walk.
There they are walking him back
to the spot.
They're doing the perp walk on
the under arrest.
Finally, at least for this high
speed.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
In danger, all those people's
lives, just take him in
somewhere, like blow his brains
out if they can find him.
In other words, put the gun
up, blow his brains out.
Do they have a proper way to
do justice?
Here's a .
Alright, let's get back to the
show.
Okay, we had that killed about 10
minutes.
I don't know.
Several emails about that.
Was it a high speed chase?
Bu收a TV.
And one emailer said
on fox i don't turn on fox
i wouldn't care for was the end of the world in fact right only one covering
it i wouldn't put on fox
fox news is an oxymoron
there is no such thing as fox news i like a
what all the recalls it a fox noise and that's that's what you know what he's
a good one to talk because even as liberal as i am as much as i like him
msnbc is just as bad on the liberal side as foxes on the uh... right wing
side
mhm
so what's good for the goose uh... should uh... be left in gander
i mean what the hell is that all about
just uh... just blatantly partisan
as opposed to pretending you know making any pretense of presenting things in
objective way white and who would want to do that
so anyway this uh... raw guys is what's the gasting in sports watching a bunch of
guys and tight pants chase a ball around and pat each other on the ass
rectum
and then talking about it for three hours and the radio is if it was the most
important thing going on in the world that is correct
sports talk is evil
and what's within the players rather changing the clothes after the game in
the locker room
positive gauge oxygen for solve me says well that's what you got to see them
naked you know
am i right all i got to accept about the car chase i knocked this down on
off the wall at the end
try to go
i'll i'll give you credit for the line
okay
the biggest name
the best
your business
four
three
five sixty
q a.m.
i think
fourth
leader
one moment please
all not
all operators are busy right now
not a call be answered in the order in which it was received
is it uh... did die
one moment before correct
so we started
we are not allowed to be important
what it means to be charging
restarting
uh... uh... uh... uh...
i wanted to go to the bathroom during that break
i've been saving up
technically challenge the q i m
or nothing works including management
and all
this is on
this is not a two-month
it's the ones that two hour
this is john came my friend
here's the case i bring before you
my prisoners
i still have a post
the
my friend
i know it's like
struggle
growing up my friend
yes
yes i said struggle
it was
why
it was a very hard
memory of bringing
you see my prisoners
my father was just a lonely
four star admiral
my friends
so when someone says to me they don't have
health insurance i say
a car stop
i want to have to have a
money
i'll have to have
i should have my friends i will get you a
five thousand dollar
tax break for the insurance company
would amount to
any more than
and that
from my friend
john came
and i
proved
my supporters can't kill him
that's right my friend
go ahead
and kill him
it's a white man
with my friend
yeah
i got a
a catch
and it's a
well easy way for
sad
well that was up but it's only up 51 points not to a study
who's going to be anchoring our lesson i cover junk you a
i got some really exciting news
okay
a wait
would you
bellow snighter
remember i looked at that email from the fake marty my friend allegedly that i
went to school right now
heard of
and i couldn't think of the name of the guy who's summer camp i went to when i
was sixteen years old so that would be in 1958
bellow snighter so i googled it you know you can google any name of like
anybody who ever lived practically and there's something about him on
there
like you know make you pific
started as a voice camp in nineteen forty three
by bellow snighter on a camp property originally developed as
low non-wo
had a primarily Jewish clientele
many of the counselors were from the Columbia teachers college one program
director sydney Jacobs came to eagle cove it was eagle cove i used to use me
marty
after ten years at racquet lake camp that must have been the name of the uh
camp eagle cove i don't remember that
but i still don't know no marty no no marty
and on marty susman from the uh comic book store but that would no marty
susman marty susman's been dead probably for three
hundred years in nineteen fifty five the camp had a capacity for a hundred
boys ages six to fifteen at the cost of five hundred fifty bucks a season
in nineteen eighty nine the camp had seen my parents when i was sixteen they
sent me this summer camp to butch me up didn't work though
fool them i had a good time though
was my first time away from home and i remember the first day i was so like
oh yeah i'm away from home insecure
and then after that i didn't want to go home
and was on a place in the ataramax called the name of the town was inlet
new york and the lake was called fourth lake
and the water was as cold as ice
and you jump in that thing and boy we just yeah yeah
perfect speaking of that now keep in mind i'm sixteen years old
and this is my first time away from home and first time with other kids my
same age you know a whole bunch of
and in the evening when you get ready to go to bed or you know i think i think
we are showered together they always make kids do that you know like the
swimming class swimming naked they like to do that
because i think they want to get a peak i know i sure did
and the the first thought that came to mind as i saw some of these guys running
around in the showers yeah was this my god is that thing real yeah like i'm
supposed to be like that boy somebody left left me
waiting on line somebody short changed me
poor you yeah i agree with that the the biggest one i've ever seen in person
you know not on the biggest and what the biggest one
was on a very short guy about my height and i'm thinking i didn't know how i didn't
know you could do that i had to complain to god
all short guys sometimes are very um i didn't know i thought everything
wasn't proportion to them at this guy no no
that was of 70 points 91 35
McCain calling on the LA Times to make video of Obama and a group of
Palestinians public oh my god just what do i tell you these last six days
they're just gonna go apesmith they're gonna go nuts
um do you know anything about the Palestinian leader would you know anything
about him and whether how close he is to Barack Obama and whether he is a
credible figure or a radical what is your well your
i don't i can tell you that he's a professor at the
University at Columbia University uh-huh absolutely nothing whatsoever to do
with this campaign that Barack Obama's position of course is
unquestionable on the security of Israel that's you know it just goes beyond
challenge at this point and people now that's it scared the Jews now that's
here's our poll
christian sea mouthful interested in this poll 311 votes we're gonna do it
i don't hear you we're gonna do what
sorry i'm messing with this new computer again
with the audio vault no no no the other computer died on me they got it reset up
again
what computer the work computer
what what does that mean can you translate for me with the computer
that has the audio vault on it and then have the computer that i use for the uh
you know to look stuff up on to have the
at-home
as a whole
and i got to add it to a flea on monday i had we had i had him
add one or two things to the pool he was able to do it yep i told him how to
well good good work there flea and you
oh i don't i can't work on monday and i sure can't work on friday and
clearances i got to go home with jolly jo again and to take a shower
so was that true last Friday where jolly joe's house or was he at your house
neither didn't have you all lathered up and
slapped down like a pig all over and definitely not in the case of the two of
you it could go either way you know it's very
lathering up and slapped down like a hog that jolly joe he's he's one
hell of a sweat hog you sound jealous no i'm not oh the thought of it makes me
want a caca what is the gays thing in sports i'm reading the double
digit ones because there's 600 choices on jolly bees pull
313 votes so we got 13 18 oh we already went over 13 I
revoked let's go home see i have i have some kisky for lunch
because these people are turned out my kisky did we take some calls we took
couple right
yes and then we had happy birthday yeah and then i was the end of that
oh my phone's ringing i'll be back where you going
bastard should just let there be dead air that'll serve them
i'll serve him right as if it's going to be something important
it's going to be a telemarketer you watch
i will woody graber thank you woody graber
woody graver says hi Neil and he used to swim naked too can you imagine that
where they walking by right now there he is he's walking by right now
figure that man naked i really don't want that too late
where they go they got you know that he has a mangear was it a telemarketer
yeah see they're both in the order i say it's an automated call from the
from the Pontiac dealership where i walked that solstice
where i wouldn't buy a car if they gave me a car i wouldn't go over there to
pick it up and that's that's the kind of treatment they gave me an end
place and they've got the hoots for the gall to be making
automated telemarketing messages oh i'm the sales manager at yada yada
potty i was saying they got the call the guy would make a call
and and the thing i love about those is that you pick it up and you say hello
hello and of course it takes a second or two before the recording thing to
kick in and start you know i think one of the great things about
telephones is that you can actually still talk to a real-life person once in a
great way what's it a while i don't know if it any more but once in a great
while usually by accident you dial a number and there's a like a living
person on the other side remember those days uh-huh before we had all this
kaka i told my children about those days
mark says in honor of Halloween this week how about what is the best or worst
trick-or-treat candy you can get no because that's like doing the candy pull
all over again right right oh here's a nice story
police murdered boi and beach women stabbed two hundred times with a screwdriver
now why would i want to read that story i don't know
that is sick sick so much bad crap going on in a
world and we got to put up with that somebody wants to share the good news
some some nice lady with stabbed two hundred times with a screwdriver
rotesque i don't know what happened during the week that you were on man
all kinds of bad emails must must be some bad karma because the emails are like
bad maybe it's Halloween maybe somebody put some
bitchcraft in our witchcraft well i i i'll tell you they sure let them off the
hook so easy you know i mean i have why haven't we seen that lunatic because
they owe the media because it's theirs well where where's msnbc where's the
ultra liberal the left commie pair decoys oh there's a democratic party the decoys
we want to see a lot more of that uh-goofball minister minister my ass
how do you do that exercising this demons annoy you with oil i think he put the
demons into uh-serra of course a lot of people a lot of guys put something
into syra but that's beside the point
speaking of what you were discussing earlier
proven it's after one at five sixty wq and we got Curtis for the uh big olat
to brok solid i had a lulio happy day
and uh and uh-fat Chris is it's long overdue too he says Curtis ought to have his
own show and he gets screwed because he doesn't suck
clearance is ass he has good enough to have his own show he is
better than some of the crap we got on oh my god if we got some turd burger on
ear including that but that blow camper oh my god
he is so dull he's like a six billion year old razor blade that's how dull he is
oh god
hey my first customer well let's trick on treat take your back and come with me
while i look so fine but with a mask i'm walking blind
he's blind one i'm gonna bump in the street
side now let you get out of my way
bump off six come on and treat the tricks now i don't need money just
em and that's a bit of honey you yeah candy
sweet sweet candy
wait for help i can't trail when i'm giving
damn
well i can't see that's for me
but it is one of the magic
so how are we talking my mouth clean
so what if i get to the cave
frankestides how's the food today is closed and are you gonna be my goal
one eighteen at five sixty wqa m hola ween is just a couple days away go out there
make a jackass out of yourself oh don't do that it's uh... the devil's work
the devil people are talking about the devil need to be put away
