The music expressed on the previous one.
What he got candid I.O.D.
Yes, and collars.
And do not reflect those of the...
Can't Charles the Indie Price all Nazis all day on I.O.D.
The Nazi station.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
Not just right wing, but just right wing.
All right, they all.
560 WQA.
You heard my name.
My mother.
My mother.
3024.
I'm crying.
I just ate a weeny because you were a total meuron.
Yes, I'm 60 WQA.
I'm freezass.
Well, I'm not your show.
To talk to Neil, dial 560-0560 and date and row.
In other counties, call toll free.
860-75.
The E.C.M. is for Pound God 680 and recognize a wireless phone.
The opinions is raised by Neil.
His guests, or his colleagues, do not represent those of the WQA.M.
The right-year show.
On 560 WQA.M.
All right, guys.
It's blow.
Fair back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia Shunana with their greatest hits album,
Sakhopat the synagogue.
My rubber is back in court and super-pensable easy.
Yes, Russia Shunana is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of Haas and Hebrew hygiene.
That guy is a good part of you.
This album should be in every orthodox rocker's collection.
Rolling Stone gives it five stars of David.
I wonder when they get in the room.
Sakhopat the synagogue.
New from Russia Shunana.
Available at all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
Don't miss the album.
They're here.
Happy New Year to all our Jewish friends, both of them.
Speaking of that, I don't know if Richard Romer is Jewish.
Is that his name, Richard Romer?
Okay, is he in show business on TV?
Wait, he was the one that said your website really blow the down.
Oh, that guy.
76, by the way, 276 points, which is surprising because with the big bailout vote coming
up today, you will thought, oh, they're going to solve all our problems that I should be
up like a million points, but it's not.
Now do you really understand, is there anybody, including Hank Paulson?
Hank, is there anybody who really understands this damn bailout?
Oh, I understand it.
Yeah.
We are taking on all this bad debt that nobody else would take.
In reverse.
Right, correct.
A whole bunch of greedy people wrote a whole bunch of loans that they knew couldn't
be covered, and they made a lot of money on their closing costs.
What was it term that keeps using for these, um, something loans?
What's the term variable rate?
No, no.
Stop prime?
Yes.
No.
No, to describe them as being very bad, very dangerous, very, uh, oh, yeah, I don't know.
Lawless.
No, not that.
Even worse.
Anyway, nobody would pick up any of this bad debt so they're going to make out the taxpayers
pick up.
So that the rich people can stay rich and get rich.
You're going to get it.
You're going to get it.
Can we start with the joke today?
Please.
From our neal at neoranges.com.
Over the weekend, that thing is real quiet, you know, just a usual hazerai.
Chinese wedding night.
A young Chinese couple gets married.
She's a virgin truth be told.
He's a virgin too.
She doesn't know that.
Have you heard this?
No.
On their wedding night, she cowers naked under the sheets.
His husband undresses in the darkness.
He climbs into bed next to her and tries to be reassuring.
My darling, he, uh, darling, he whispers.
I know you, I know this you first time and you bet it right and I promise you I'll give
you anything you want.
I do anything just anything you want.
You just ask what you want.
He says trying to sound experienced and worldly, which he hopes will impress her.
A thoughtful silence follows and he waits patiently and eagerly for her request.
If you eventually shiling whisperers back, I want to try something I've hear about from
other girls, number 69.
More thoughtful silence this time from him.
Eventually in a puzzle tone, he asked her, you want garlic chicken with snow peas?
Oh, it's not, it was kind of cute.
What?
Oh, come on.
That would be such a hard end.
That's kind of cute.
It was cute, but garlic chicken with snow peas.
Anyway, here's the WIOD schedule as they've, you know, this baloney about the Ken Charles
and oh, they were interested in hiring me.
Nobody was interested in hiring me.
Normal, why don't you admit it?
Okay?
Because they're not going to put some liberal Jew Fag on the radio, especially now just
the weeks before the election.
Isn't the timing of this very suspicious, huh?
And they did this the same way they did with Lamont over at the IOD.
Real suspicious.
Just before the election, sheep channel which pretends, oh, well, we're, you know, putting
some liberal people on here.
Yeah, right.
You should live so long.
Watch a naughty bastard's, okay?
Listen to their schedule.
Midnight to five in the morning, they got coast to coast, which I have no idea what
that is and I couldn't care less.
Five to nine AM, South Florida's first news, including Jimmy Sifilis, who also remember
we were getting some spy reports last week playing Mr. Wright wing with his dinghy.
Remember that?
Yep.
Hey, Jimmy, you fairy.
Now, footies out.
And I noticed I checked the heraldes on, sent a light scour the internet so with the
weekend, no press release.
They just like to do it with Lamont.
They just have people disappear.
Just like they did under previous ownership with Reneerie.
He just finishes the show one day and bye bye.
Glenn Beck, nine to noon, Rush Limbaugh, noon to three, the SNIT show three to six, Rush
Jr. Sean Hannity, six to nine, and 11 PM to one AM, Mark Levin, who I Googled him.
I never heard of him.
He's another Wright wing self-hating Jew.
All ultra-right wing all day long, W.I.O.D.
I think somebody out of challenge their damn license.
Cheap channel, my ass.
You people are asmrters is what you are.
You're lunatics.
And of course, wouldn't you know it?
The one topical show that they had on, which was footsie, is horrendous as it was and
it really sucked.
That's gone because that's the cheap channel method, man.
Cheap, cheap, open up a pot and put some syndicated crap on.
That's in 75,000 other markets.
It's just open up a pot on the board and put on some syndicated crap.
God, they make me sick.
The thing that we used to work there back when it was a listenable radio station to think
of those days.
And now everybody in town, when you talk about what's going on over there, you know what
they say?
W.I.O.D.
Oh, I hate that station.
That's right.
Yep.
Except of course for some real ultra-right wingers.
I like a little little Havana.
And they're not listening to me.
They're listening to La Cuvanissima.
Radio Mambe.
See.
Be doubt.
Be doubt.
You know that crap.
You know what it is.
Well, I got a lot of pull results.
You want to know why?
Why?
Well, first of all, we smit canned the pull on Friday and Eric, for whatever reason, decided
to put it back on air.
When I changed the pull, the one that had vanished resurfaced and the one for today about
the debate came back.
By the way, the debate, the consensus is that McCain was a grumpy old man.
Yeah.
He looked like he was, you know, a step away from death.
He looked like I feel a step away from death.
Here's the pull I like to show better with 113 votes.
And so as a result, we'll do a mix and match.
We should have put that on there.
Emails and calls.
Both.
Oh, well.
Like the young priest said in Mass appeal.
Both.
Remember that line?
Uh-huh.
And Charles Durning said both.
And he said, yes.
Thank you.
Good day.
How come I remember the lines from a movie that obscure?
I mean, it was a good movie, but it was like Godfather was on again over the weekend.
Can you believe it?
Yesterday, I'm channel surfing.
And Godfather was on again.
How many more times do we need to see?
And of course, you think I would watch that again?
Of course you did.
Yes.
Quite a bit of it.
Not the whole thing.
It was the first one, the best one.
Let me see if it's on again this morning.
The devil and Daniel Johnston, the assassin, what's that?
And I still haven't watched that movie.
You keep telling me to watch.
A bison?
A bison then?
Oh, the departed.
No, not a mison man.
Don't be fooled by the title.
I don't know what your version is.
I don't want to see a movie about mice.
They're, of course, they're bald headed mice.
It's not about mice.
No.
I know that.
Crossing.
Hey, I'm all paid for.
Maybe you'll change your mind.
Yeah.
She's just about ready to get naked, I think.
The best bad thing, Nietzscheot black.
Oh, that's the Brad Pitt, isn't it?
Uh, I didn't see it.
Yeah, unfortunately.
Oh, is it a bad flick?
There is blonde.
I've seen five minutes of it.
There's the blonde Brad Pitt.
He's OK.
He used to be really smoldering, smoking, but he's OK now.
He's old.
The ventures in quest.
New Adam's family.
Tarzan.
Tarzan.
My lap's, my, my plane was totalled.
Oh, what a shame.
Cold squad, the speckled band.
Oh, let's hear the speckled band.
You know what, you hear that is?
No.
18, 1931.
I'm sure a lot of people keep saying up to the market.
With Raymond.
Well, Nancy.
How did you get along with our friend?
Tell me what you're going to do in quest.
Nothing very much, Rayleigh.
Rayleigh?
He can tell me first what happened.
Absolutely nothing of any importance.
That's right.
That's just like what's going on here at WIOD.
Nancy.
I mean, don't you cue me.
Oh, that was a Freudian slip.
That was bad.
Anyway, I'd like to show better with email 392.
I don't care 371 calls, 337.
I'll do 1100 in tree votes.
Tarzan, don't see any calls coming in yet.
How come we don't have any spy reports about Futsi?
Well, I don't know what does that mean.
What does that question mean?
Spy reports.
From listeners, from people who say what?
I don't even know what they would say.
Hey, food is not on anymore.
It's something like that.
Hey, remember that show that nobody listened to?
We're still not listening.
That's the one I'm just kidding.
Okay.
Now, here's the one that we had originally on Friday.
And I schmit candidates so we can do the one about the, you like to call us, the emails,
et cetera.
Even though I know it's going to kill me, I just can't stay away from 225 votes as all
we got on here because I changed it to the one on the debate.
Everybody and their brothers taking a poll on the debate.
And every poll that I saw, except the IOD poll, Obamal one hands down your pants.
I thought it was very boring to debate.
And I think Jim Lera, he's got to be 200 years old.
He made McCain look like a teenager.
He's got like wrinkled up all the hands and he's like, oh, I'm trying to get you guys to
talk to each other.
Say it to him.
Say it to, like a school teacher.
Like maybe in first or second grade, Jim Lera, he is just dead meat.
Even though I know it's going to kill me, I can't stay away from beer 35, cigarettes 31,
pizza 22, ice cream 22.
Mm, sugar 18, fried anything 16, chieburger 14, fast food 13, my wife's sister 11, spicy food 9, cocaine 9, prostitutes 8, la prostituta.
Chocolate six bacon six, the track three schlats to the schlats.
I want three grand Friday afternoon at the wood mine.
Are you unimpressed?
Okay, great.
I hit the three grand and it was like a little ingenuity.
People would say there's no science to it.
Well, it really isn't a science to it, but there was a machine had 500 sitting on the wheel.
Somebody got 500 and I tried it.
Nothing.
I got off it.
A guy puts in a 20.
He gets a spin 1000.
I thought to myself, that's the jackpot machine.
Mom, that's the hot machine.
I got on it.
I put in 40 bucks and there was three grand on a line.
3000 Fingalers and they paid me and I ran out of there.
I ran like I had a dead chicken in my pants.
In fact, when you come right down to it, maybe I do have a dead chicken in my pants.
632 votes on the current poll.
Who do you think won the first presidential debate?
Yeah, McCain was growling and grumpy and he was just irresistible.
Nasty, and he wouldn't look at Obama either.
Even when it came out on the stage and the shook hands and Obama was very cordial
and grabbed his arm and trying to twist it a little bit, I thought too.
But he wouldn't even look at him.
Nasty, grumpy old man and all he wants to tell about that he didn't win the Miss Congeniality
a thing in Congress.
The same old trite lines, you know, same old crap.
Jim Lehrer inside the debates with Larry King tonight, boy, talk about two old toads.
Who won Obama 349?
We got 632 votes.
A draw 121 didn't watch it 88.
McCain 40.
So 55.2% of our audience say Obama won 6% same McCain.
Don't care 34.
5.3% of our stoop audience.
Well, there's McCain getting out of the, you see that?
No, I'm on a Spanish soap right now.
Oh my God, what a commonista.
Putting out hand by the way, do you hear it?
Who?
Pussy.
Pussy, you'll 560 Q.
Out at IOD.
Fourth leader.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
B.B. Broadcast Group Incorporated.
Yeah, yeah.
And to this flavor, Jack.
Oh.
Oh.
You know in D.A.Y.S.
your D.K.S.
Hurricane, dingbo.
Now, we're up to our long distance dedication.
And this one is about kids and pets and the situation that we can all understand.
Whether we have kids or pets or neither.
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio.
And here's what he likes.
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request, but I'm quite sincere and it'll
need a lot if you play it.
Recently, there was a death in our family.
He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of us come start again.
From coming out of the record.
Play the record, okay?
Please.
See, when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers, man, is impossible to make those transitions.
And then you got to go into somebody dying.
You know, they do this to me all the time.
I don't know what the hell they do it for, but damn it.
If we can't come out of a slow record, I don't understand it.
Is down on the phone.
Okay.
I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a f***ing up-tempo record.
Every time I do a damn death dedication.
Now, make it, and they also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week.
It's a god-lass f***ing damn time.
I want somebody who uses f***ing brain to not come out of a f***ing damn record.
That's up-tempo, and I got to talk about a f***ing jaw dying.
Boy, this f***ing ponderous, man.
Ponderous f***ing ponderous.
I think he's a suicide bomber myself, Casey. Watch out for him.
No, too.
Indeed.
Casey, Casey.
He's an e-ray.
I haven't had a long time.
I'm playing a lot of old stuff to him.
Good.
I love those.
Yeah.
Tracy and Kendall says, why did I let you know I saw it?
The word is toxic, by the way.
Toxic loans.
That's it.
Yeah.
That's what they're all calling it.
Toxic loans, which just the word in and of itself in relationship to anything financial just makes me cringe.
By the way, since she's listening, hey, Tracy, email me.
I need to talk to you.
What?
Tracy and Kendall.
What do you mean you need to talk to her?
I need to talk to her.
What does that mean?
They talk to her about something.
What?
They'll sell something to something.
Yeah.
They want to do some business with her.
Yeah, I'll bet you do.
A monkey business.
Why did Alex, you know, I saw Rick shot the old car show.
Tracy says in Hollywood last weekend.
I wanted to greet him and mention I heard him on your show, but he had a ton of fans around him.
Have a great day.
Love you.
Tracy and Kendall.
Thanks, Tracy.
Too bad you didn't get to see Ricky Tickey.
Don't look at him up close though.
He looks at least 200 years old.
He's a great guy though.
You know, this is, if you don't chuckle at this, now maybe you're a little bit more.
You already heard this.
Raymond Kendall.
Lost churches in New Orleans?
Nope.
One of the local TV stations in southern Louisiana aired an interview with a woman from New
Orleans.
The interview we was asked if the complete devastation of the church's nearer had affected their
lives.
Without hesitation, the woman replied, I don't know about all those other people, but we haven't
gone to churches and years.
We get our chicken from Popeyes.
Oh, that is great.
That was good.
That's what I thought, but you didn't laugh.
Awesome.
I am laughing.
I'm just hysterical.
I'm the Lehman.
I got a big old interviewist.
I'm not going to church.
We haven't gone to church's nearer.
We get our chicken from Popeyes.
That's right.
Good choice.
Woo.
That's no bow jangles.
No.
It's no kernel.
Now, let's see.
Here's one from San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco.
San Francisco is the motifs."
To make you a miracle.
Great bye.
Yeah.
No, good맘.
it. Instant email, instant response. Nobody call to tell me that though. QIM, footy line. Hello.
Hands in ear. Yes sir. I love your show but it has way too many commercials. Yeah. That's what
make that's what keeps it on the ear. Yeah but I mean your show. In addition to which this show is
got far fewer commercials than any of the other shows on the station. But if your show was on satellite
nobody would listen to how. But the show ain't on satellite. Go to satellite. I'm sorry I'll use
a bag grammar. Yeah go to hell. Go to satellite. Here we go. Yeah let's go to satellite.
We're on satellite. Go to hell. That's my response now. Some people would say that was a terrible
response that guys trying. No he's trying to be a jerk. That's right. Go to satellite. Go to hell.
In addition to which we're doing just fine last time I checked. Not like we used to but then again
the show ain't like it used to be and that's because we work for a bunch of scared cowardly like the
cowardly lion. Bert Larr must be in management somewhere. Did I ever tell you I interviewed
Bert Larr on station in ifslanty Michigan once you did shopping mall to came art.
Never tell you that and did he sing for you? No it was very boring. Oh my god. Oh that's too bad.
I would have insisted that he sang. He did not sing. And to be honest with you I didn't even know
what they'll to talk to him about. It was okay. You talk about to him about that movie. What happened
of the start of reading about dead people? Huh? Oh from Paul Newman you know. Oh get out of here
stop trying to direct the show branded gosh dang it. I hate that day. Everybody wants to be the
program director. Do not see burn after reading. Eagle I was really good. Have you seen the movie
of session? That session isn't a movie. Obsession is propaganda is what it is. Have I seen the movie?
What about cigars on that pool? Oh this is just all over the place. Oh it's from Gugatts.
Get a life Gugatts. Go away. You're an idiot. Here's one. It says how about them canes?
They suck. Yeah that's what I said. The canes suck. They blew. Now what was I saying before I got
bogged down in that crap? Some very important. Bert Larr. Oh yeah Bert Larr and ifslanty Michigan.
WQYM hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Listen I just wanted to say I watched
the debates the other night. Yeah and honestly I had been leading towards button for McCain because
I didn't think that Obama has really the experience or anything like that but I tell you what ever
since she picked McCain picked what's her face to be his running mate and to see her just
fallen all over herself and to understand how little she really does know about politics in general
and she is toxic toxic. Yeah and also just to see the way that Obama
was so much better than McCain was in the debate. What is that surprise you?
You never even looked at him once I don't think. What is that surprise you? Obama is articulate and
brilliant and thoughtful and McCain is a dottering old fool. Yeah I know but the thing is you know
I was really tormented because I mean I didn't really think the guy would have the experience
but the thing is to know I know I'm going to vote for him because because I know that
it's at least change is better than what we got and it's definitely going to be more the same
with this whole guy. He didn't look at him once during the whole debate and if you can't look
at somebody in the eye then you'd answer it can't trust him. Okay. So vote several times. Oh there he
goes again. Bum bum bum bum brim bum bum brim bum brim bum brim bum brim. WDQYM hello. Neil I love you. I miss you man. Yeah. How's everything?
What do you mean you miss me? What what does that mean? I don't know it's missing talking
people in the phone. I'm a long time listening. And you know I guess one of those no low life people I
guess. I have it only. Oh well I found the hurricane do suck. You know the only wish for the
dolphins were win. Let me tell you call the sports shows okay call and talk to them about your sports
crap. Boy he sure is certainly today I'm not taking any more crap didn't I say that on Friday?
Yeah I didn't I didn't forget about that over the weekend. Good. Keep going. You goofballs who got
nothing to say. Oh the Cans really suck. Hey we know that okay they suck. They stink. El stinko.
So Paul Newman died. Yeah. You know he really they showed over the weekend they showed them
two appearances on King you know Larry. Uh huh. One where somebody was feeling I think it was
Tuesday well or maybe it was Wednesday uh Schwarzman but anyway uh he didn't wouldn't say anything
and they're asking him about his lifelong marriage to Joanne Woodward and their romance and was
it love it for a site. Oh I don't like to talk about things like that. This was 25 years ago and he
still looked 100 years old and then they asked him what was his favorite movie that he ever made and
the oh it's like it's like having 7,000 children asking which one is your favorite you know yeah
you didn't want to say anything. I'm going to go out and buy some Paul Newman's pasta sauce today
just an honor of his passing. Not the best talent. He's awesome. That's caliber.
In India. Oh I'd rather be in New York and drive a cab. Thank you my friend.
Okay it's 1031 a Q.A.M. Well I'm telling him I'm getting some real swill on this email not not a
whole lot either. Neil and Roger's dot com if you have anything to say although they won't because
it's a Russia show tonight and you're probably thinking well what does that have to do with anything
and the answer is not it doesn't take it excuse. It's another good excuse. Well we got nothing
to say we got to go to celebrate Russia's Toronto tonight and I'm pretty sure you what I use it
as an excuse. Yeah well if it's new years tomorrow I'm not going to be here I guess. Uh-oh what
well I got to take it off too. Yeah and Chris are you ain't going to work on some Jew holiday now
these are the high holidays as opposed to the low holidays right. I haven't had one call
about footsy now one spy report. I still don't know what that would sound like.
It would sound like somebody who's an IOD lister saying you know Lamont disappeared.
Well that's right there aren't any I forgot. You think we got problems which we do.
24 hours of right wing propaganda on what used to be a major radio station in this market boy how does
this business has turned toxic if you ask me. I think that word is a good catch off for anything.
Sure. Anything that's like a negative like Sarah Pannlin like I said she's toxic.
And the debate McCain appeared toxic to me grumpy old man. I thought it was boring. I didn't think
uh I thought Obama was okay he was articulate and he was knowledgeable and you know he gave him some
crap about the the war in Iraq and you were wrong and you said this and you were wrong he had
it in like about 10 10 good moments there. But generally speaking I thought it was pretty weak
and especially with that old fossil Jim Lera narrating how come Tom Lera who spells his name
the same way as Tom Lera but this guy is Jim Lera. Lend your business that's why. No I'm
I'm serious how come he can't even pronounce his own name this old fossil this old goat.
God is he pathetic and you wonder why the public doesn't watch the freaking news.
Take a look at the idiots who are delivering the darn news. I'm almost I know.
I'm supposed to god dang well it gets me p.o.d man like that wolf blitzkrieg.
I bet you will blitzkrieg ain't going to be working tomorrow not on Russia Shona how much you want
to bet. These are bison. 567 05 60 pound 560 on a Verizon 18 T wireless line it's really pretty
interesting that we took that pull on Friday and it was almost even Stephen it was like pretty
much mixed in match. The emails calls both they don't care whatever either.
And here the phone is sitting there and it's quite as a church mouse nothing had the big debate
on Friday night. Footy got canned on ceremony. It's a WIOD and shown the door because Ken Charles
is the newest assassin working for them the assassin like Pete Volder used to be just because
they got rid of one assassin don't mean they don't bring in another one just like the mafia.
Oh and the latest byproduct of the widening global financial crisis city group
will acquire the banking operations of watchovia and a deal facilitated by the FDIC.
WQYM hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. Do you think this bailout is the October surprise?
No. No. What do you think about the bailout? I think it's the September surprise I think it's a ripoff
of the American public. That's what I think. I know you have a good day sir. Okay bend over and
get to Vaseline. City Group will absorb up to 42 billion dollars of losses from watchovias.
They're going to watch over your money. Three hundred twelve billion dollar own portfolio with the FDIC
covering any remaining losses the government agency said today city group will also wish a
twelve billion dollars in preferred stock and more to the FDIC. So watch over you bailed out. They
sold out to city group watch over your money. I could say something but I won't. I could say a
lot of things but I won't because it would be BACCIC. 700 votes on the poll Obama 55 point
saved percent McCain 6.7% a draw 18.4%. Every poll that I saw overwhelming that Obama won and again
not because he was so great but because McCain was a grumpy nasty hostile temperamental old coot
a curmudgeon hostile unscivilized and BACCIC. WDQA M hello greetings sir how are you? Yes sir good
thank you for having my life and happy took us to the tour. Have you took us yeah.
Yeah I watched the debate that was pretty common dozing and I think these the Democrats are
pretty happy that Obama held his own a foreign policy debate which was mostly about money from what
I heard. How come McCain couldn't pronounce osmanidinja he tried four or five different times he
still couldn't pronounce it. Well when he was the election maybe he can become a new spokesperson
for denture grip how does that sound? Yeah he can replace what's it Martha Ray she's dead.
Orantenderson well man. Right. But he can do some Western oil spots. But I'll tell you what if
if no one else noticed the moron that populate the House of Representatives they're
funny on both sides. Nancy Pelosi is an embarrassment man she is a nasty toxic bitch.
Yes another one yes but she's got no excuse I mean she should have been put into
bush for the last two years and she's been a coward. And then John Boehner that John Boehner
that leather skinned wreaking not see I can't stand him and I don't know who he represents but
at the average I mean I don't want to change subject because John Boehner is boring but let
me just ask you this what do you think about a major market station in this market going all
ultra right wing all day. What do you what are the what are the what kind of crap is that?
Well you know it's even once again they have no clue because the ultra right wingers in this
town don't speak English. Right what's the point. Yeah you know I hope that I hope in the next
book that I O.D. always points. Well that's probably what's going to well you know they ruined
that property ever since they had it I mean good lord buddy bud was the first one that
is the too big buddy bud was a genius compared to these bastards he was a freaking genius. Yeah but
these people are downright toxic. The two big fasts that they had there were you and the real estate
and I think they kind of blew both of them right. I mean it's a mess it's just a mess and all you
have to do is I listen I have serious pretend to I listen to you the rest of the time I've got
serious on and life is good you know what I mean. Are you cereal? Yes sir I am. Okay well listen
Syga's on. Syga's on. Good good good you onto the part of see it. Happy New Year to our Jewish
friends it's Russia's Shahra at sundown Baruch atar no let's have some wine Baray Priya
how goffin whatever the hell I mean. Plus it is the wine is what that means does it you know that
yeah no I do know. Plus it is the one that tries to goffin say that again Baray Priya how goffin
Baray Priya how goffin. That means try the wine that means try the wine never think wine.
Godfather was on again and I mentioned that 400 times yes it's starting to get a little bit toxic
the way they keep chewing it all I'm gonna start be using that word for everything now. What is
toxic loans toxic loans in other words the stench the stench the aroma putrid stinkin like elephant
moorin. What's hang your real class talent. You're a busy little Roger. Record your 560 QAM. The
sports lead. The biggest name. The best talent is the mad dog Jim Mandit. Good.
Good. Four to seven sports radio 560 QAM. The sports leader. Oh good. My choice for the
vice president is Senator Dan Quail in the American people will judge me on what I say what I say.
I don't like to answer the question. This wasn't we're gonna go forward to tomorrow or we're gonna go pass to the back.
We don't want to go back to tomorrow we want to move forward.
We are gonna make some changes in some tough choices before we go to deployment on the Nijetman
Missileir on the minute man whatever it is.
We'll be changing the world. I believe that I've made good judgments in the past. I think I've made good
judgments in the future and the future will be better tomorrow.
You gotta be careful here because it's a safety factor but I think these things and then also
I am on to the ways we've got to go to extra miles and clean the shore.
There is nothing that a good defensive cannot be a better off. In other words they could
all be in the wind.
Oh no. Tina Chalkukandis, Cadbury Chalkukrika, oh the worst news in history.
Taint what you think it is.
Oh is it toxic milk?
And we've had trials.
It's in the state.
It's toxic, it's no-one.
It's toxic milk.
It's toxic milk.
It's toxic milk.
One way or another.
Fluency in English.
Something that I'm often not abused of.
You want a friend?
Get a dog.
You want a friend?
Get a dog.
Listen Churchill.
It was not a great student.
FDR, it was not a great student.
Admiral Halson, it was not a great student.
Superman.
was not a great student. Baby Crocket was not a great student. Dennis the
men finish last in his class.
Kind of like John McCain. 1046, 14 before 11 at 5.60 WQAM. Here's the lineup for today.
We got the big O back at two o'clock. A lot of incredible public
outcry. They're demonstrating in the streets right now. Mad Dog 4 to 7. No more
of that ten minute infomercial thing anymore. Because the Marlon season is
over. Am I right Chris correct. It's over. Now today beat the
mets again. Yes they did. They knocked them out. They knock them right out of the
playoffs. The match choking and gagging. Like that. Good. Good. Any New York
team that chokes and gags in the Yankees didn't make the playoffs either. What a shame.
Not. Mad Dog 4 to 7. We got dolphins that I'd unfortunately 7 to 8. And DA
who's got his own website would let a naked chicks on it or close to naked 8 to 11.
Have you looked at his website. No. I think you'd be impressed. What is it?
The ad to it from QAM also. Yeah, go on QAM and click on the link.
Huck a mug QAM doesn't have a link to our website other. Because they don't want
to be associated with I know Rogers. That's why or Jorge Rodriguez. And especially
now with that fat ass. Chris the way. And they don't want to be associated with his
fat ass. And you want to know why? Why? He's toxic. Oh. Tommy Teases is I was watching
the debate Friday night. McCain was on the attack with every question asked. And did you
notice he wouldn't turn in face Obama all night. Yeah, I didn't notice it. Tommy. That's
why I mentioned it about 50 times that he wouldn't even look at him. He didn't have the
balls to look him in the eye like a real man. He kept looking straight ahead like a
dottering old fool. I I fully expect them to start drooling and like fall down. You
didn't do it though. That's what I thought was his strongest point just like Reagan and
his debates was that he actually stood up the whole hour and 40 minutes. And if he said
Mr. Obama don't seem to understand one more time. I was locked and loaded on my TV. Obama
was to the point and answered the questions much better than make Bush. I thought so Tommy
Tease. That's what the overwhelming majority of people thought. Now here's a guy. Neil
that guy who called his right the commercials on your show are the most I'm not in this
guy's ripping the commercials. That's what pays the bills. Okay, Pally. Right. That's
what pays the bills. So don't give me a song of dance about that. Also where you're
complaining a W. I. D. is 24 hours right wing. But W. I. N. Z. is 24 hours left wing. And
if you're going to call scare America left wing, it's like vanilla pudding. As opposed
to the right wing crap on I. D. which is toxic toxic right wing proper gander Glenn Beck
and rush and Schmidtmeister and handy. Oh my God Joseph Gerbels would be so proud and
that would be his a flagship station. I. D. Also on the Dredge report, Polar who won
the debate, became 170 to 30 percent. Well, what a surprise that is. Wow. What kind of
people read the Fudge report? I don't even look at it no more in in at least a year. Only
right wing crazy people who are toxic whose brain is turned to Joe. Lime Jello. They left
the S off lime jello slime. Are you cracking your knuckles? Yes, I am. What a maniac. It's
not bad enough that you eat on the air, but now you're cracking your knuckles. I might
have another weird crack. Yeah, he's got a crack problem. 733 votes on Chris's pull. We
better get to a thousand. I'm leaving it on there for a while. Maybe all week. W. D. Q.
Way. I'm hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. Nice. Nice to hear from you.
Happy holidays, happy and health to you. Yeah. Quick question. I mean, I didn't notice
that anybody pay attention on the circumstances of the real acts of it. Is this a fake
accident? If so, how long have you been working on it? I'm sorry. I'm on the cell phone.
I'm always driving by. I'm leaving. Okay. Go ahead. I mean, I'm surprised. Nobody
did go on the circumstances of his first marriage. I mean, the first wife and the way
how he abandoned it. You know, woman who was waiting for you. If nobody is talking about
it, then how do you know about it? Actually, I read it in one of the latest magazines.
I mean, the situation was very, very, very interesting. Yeah, I know. I've talked about it a
million times on this show, sir. If you listen to this show religiously, not just once in
a while, not every other Jewish holiday. But if you listen religiously every day, you
didn't own these things a long time ago. Zagas and good yontif to the Pontus. Maruchat
anoy. See, New Year's to me is January 1st. You know, the Chinese got Chinese New Year
and the June New Year and all these other New Year's is January 1st. Okay. We live in
America. At least some of you do. And even in Canada, New Year's is January 1. And then
there was one of these things that said vote for Stephen Harper because the hurricanes
are coming to Canada and God has pissed off. God has pissed off because Stephen Harper
is already the prime minister. And because it looks like he might even have a majority
government in his next election coming up very soon. Stephen Harper, Bush light. Bush
light. Another real friggin Nazi. And you want to know why he's going to win? Why? Because
the Liberals in Canada have the weakest candidates. Paul Martin was his bland as your
ass. And this guy that they got now, whose name escapes me at the moment, this frog,
Stefan Dion, excuse me. He barely speaks English. He speaks English with a heavy frog accident.
You know what I mean? Yep. Like that. Departult. What's that guy's name? You're right. You
know, like that. That's right. He speaks frog English. No speaking English. And he's got
the personality of a dead frog of a guppy. Andrew says WPBT PBS is shown this particular
episode three times over the past 10 days or so. I highly recommend it. If you haven't
seen it, he interviewed Professor Bassovich Boston, you retired US Army Colonel who wrote
a book titled The Limits of Power. It was a very insightful interview, even though
Bassovich is a conservative, he described how we were in an economic decline during the
Vietnam War and never recovered how we build our entire economy on ever increasing spending
and financials, financing schemes and how this is all now falling apart. He also states
that Carter, despite his faults, was the last president to really grasp what was going
on with the world situation and gave a frank speech, the Malay speech July 79 about our
plight and how we can get out of it and really apply it ourselves, in liberating ourselves
from foreign oil dependence, etc. Of course, this on his speech was benchmarking his decline
in the polls and then eventually losing the election to Reagan. Too honest for the American
public, we're in a Malays, Malays, we're in a toxic Malays.
Bassovich was absolutely brilliant and very blunt in front of how we're on the edge of
collapse due to an imperial presidency. Please check it out a bit more for yourself
try to watch that episode. It's a real fly opener. Thank you, Andrew. I'll check it out.
When in doubt, I'll check it out in between watching all the attributes to Paul Newman. I know
this is on American to say it, but then again, being the bastard that I am, I'll say it
anyway. What? I didn't care for Paul Newman. I thought he was highly overrated. You
don't mean that he didn't have eyes that you felt you could get lost in like this guy
always saying on the Sunday morning show. He was a very meaicor actor. Who also had
nothing to say. I mean, granted he did a lot, you know, a lot of charity, all the stuff
from his salad dressings and all his products that went to charity. Great. Great. That's
good. But he had nothing to say. I mean, when you're on interview show and every time
they ask you a question, well, I don't like to comment on those kinds of things. And
I don't really have an opinion on that. Well, what is that? What kind of a force is that
olicate recruiting Jewish families to Alabama?
Starrion. Darryl Shapiro with a star of David around his neck. He's moving to Alabama
with a banjo on his knee. They're offering money to Jews to move to Alabama.
Don't fall for it. Don't fall for it. All you eat lost because once they get you in
one place, then but a boom, you know what I'm saying?
Neal. That's all they do. That's when they'll release all the people from my building
here, all the suicide bombers. And that'll be the end of all those Jews in Alabama.
That's the way they go. I'm work. Get your own in one location where it's convenient.
And then but a bing. 750 votes on the pool. Who do you think you want the presidential
debate? No more owner. I can't wait for Thursday night. And I still think that there may
be a last. Now it will be October Thursday, October 2th Wednesday, October 1th.
Mm-hmm. Maybe that'll be the October surprise. That's Sarah had a headache. Or the baby
is sick. The baby is sick. What about that little baby? You know, you people with your
babies. I know I'm an old fag and all that stuff. But like I was to always tell you about
people with strollers and they use it like it's a weapon. Yep. And I had that happen
again over the weekend. I was walking somewhere. I don't know. This idiot with a baby in
a stroller. And he's like pushing it like right in front of me like I dare you to walk
you know to kill this kid. I should have I should have run right into it. Oops. And
seeing the little kid go flying, you know, right on the escalator and get squished in between
all the what were they call those things on the escalator? I don't know. It would have
been a toxic moment in that baby's loud. What are they calling? Steps. Steps. Yeah. You
know what I mean? I mean it's not the babies fault. I'm not blaming the baby. But people
that have babies and used them like his props. You know, so you got a baby big deal. I know
how you did it.
755 votes on fat Chris's pool. He's really energized about that. He knows we're going
way over a thousand. And I might just leave it on there again because I got another one
for tomorrow.
Have you got one? No, not for tomorrow. I mean there have been some polls. Oh, in fact
Sean Paul Sean came through. I think it's him. This is last name.
I'm a glotland. That's close, but yes. What do you mean that's close? I don't know how
to say it. That's how you say it. Okay. He's got policy. Which singer has the most beautiful
voice? And then he's got a long list here until he and he's got Marty Robbins. When you
say Marty Robbins had a beautiful voice. I mean, I would have described it. No. Why?
That's not how I would have. Beautiful sounds kind of gay. Yeah. A little bit.
Also, the best acting performance by a singer. And he's got a list.
Ludacris and Crash, M&M and 8 Mile. Oh, 8 Mile. Let me give you people a real good piece of advice.
Okay. Stay out of Detroit.
What biggest name? The best talent. You know, you know, Rajesh. 4th radio, 560 QAM. I think 4th
later. The biggest name. The best talent. You're listening to sports radio, 560 WQAM.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain. Any questions?
Thanks.
You're a great place.
But I'm your operaist.
Oh!
You're a really great person.
You all try like her.
Try the most and give the soul a break.
The perfect place, Grace.
You're a great person.
Oh, you can't hide.
We've had a week of day.
Oh!
Our Canadian food.
It smokes them on weed.
Oh!
It's them for us.
We eat the Irish people.
Oh, you're a killer.
It's them for us.
We eat it.
It smokes.
And we eat it.
Oh!
We eat, we eat, we eat.
How's it going, A?
It's 1102 at 560 WQAM.
Those who are raspberries, by the way, those sounds in the guitar moment.
Unhip.
Whatever happened to him?
Is he still alive?
We go through this every once in a while.
He's doing the performing and fancy restaurants thing last time I heard and up in West Palm somewhere.
That's the last I heard, though, and I haven't heard anything new in a long time.
Lunar Moon Base 2, guys, is what about the best sports guys to pull?
Remind me that there's a great pull for tomorrow.
Thanks, Lunar Sportscaster, whatever your name is.
Lunar Doo Doo Bag.
Well, this is going to cover a lot of territory.
There are going to have to be a lot of names under the greatest sportscaster of all time.
Somebody suggested Sonny Hirsch, and as much as I liked Sonny and we worked together for a long time,
that's got to be just silly, you know?
Would you agree?
Okay.
I have no opinion on that.
Sonny Hirsch was the greatest sportscaster of all time.
I don't have an opinion on who is a good sportscaster.
How about the fat Chris there?
You remember Sonny Hirsch?
Kind of.
And would you say Sonny was the greatest sportscaster?
I mean, if you want to put somebody local on air of all time, Rick Weaver, of course.
Rick Weaver, not Jimmy Cifalus.
You know what? I would describe Jimmy Cifalus as play by play.
How toxic.
I'm going to put a hockey people on here.
I'm going to put football people on here.
I'm going to put the baseball people on here.
I'm going to put the...
like that.
Who is or was the greatest play by play sportscaster of all time?
George M. Scher is going to have some suggestions?
Yes, sure.
What?
No?
Harry Carey.
There you go.
Harry Carey, I hadn't written him down yet.
See?
You said yourself short.
Just like nature.
But God sold me short.
Well, me too.
But in a different vein.
He didn't fall out of his head and fall out of the day.
He says people want...
Oh, it's an article about the nation's biggest Chevy dealership poses dealerships.
And people want four more years of this insane, bullshmit government.
He'll help us.
He says, he's head and fall out of the day.
Right on, Ed.
Vote early and often for Obama.
This old toad, this bitter old toad who just wants more of the same crap.
Insane McCain.
Who admits he don't know nothing about the economy.
Remember that song, don't know nothing about history.
Well, you should just replace the economy.
Put that in there.
Who did that?
Sand Cook.
Yeah.
Narkar Funko.
Yeah, then James Taylor.
James Taylor did that too?
Thanks, O.
I'm going to a wonderful world.
Isn't that the name of the song?
Wonderful, wonderful.
I'll open up my player.
I'll tell you exactly.
Oh, no.
Are you going to play that?
No, no, no.
And I said Cook had the original, which is almost always the best N.A.W.A.S.
Sam Cook was great.
He's dead.
Yes.
Got shot in a motel.
I said, bitch, you're sorry.
I don't know.
What was that story?
Maybe you wanted Google it.
I might be interesting.
It's certainly more interesting than Paul Newman croaked.
See, the thing today is they take the excitement out of everything, even famous people dying.
They take the spontaneity out of it.
Remember how many weeks ago we had a thing about Walla?
And three weeks, Paul Newman's going to be dead.
And then three weeks came and went and Paul Newman was dead.
Yeah, like that.
So what's the, where's the excitement factor?
Like when Marlon Brando died, it was like, oh my god, Marlon Brando croaked.
There we go.
No, no much about history.
No, no much biology.
Oh, that's the only one you got?
That is.
Who gots?
Herman Servitz.
Herman's Hermits did this?
Herman's so much about history.
Oh, my god.
There they go.
No, no much biology.
No, no much about science.
Oh, yeah.
That's a, all of he was Peter Noon.
Peter Noon.
He was Herman, Herman's vermin.
They were pretty big for about what a week.
Yeah.
Here's an email that says if you sneak into your local Orthodox show over the next few days,
you can probably get some delicious food, maybe even some potato locusts and grimminus.
I never went to show where they serve food.
Did you?
No, that ever.
Did you ever go to church where they serve food?
I guess they have like church suffers, things like that, but not like during services, you know?
Correct.
I don't think on a high holidays they serve grimminus and the show.
I could be wrong about that.
Haven't been to show in a long time.
Thank god.
WQAM toxic line.
Hello.
Oh, you're negative attitude.
WQAM, hello.
Chase that toast here, working out of the auxiliary basement substation.
Like did all that we're putting up faith.
What are you doing?
Just five, seven, hold on.
Oh, man.
I guess during the all of there, they worked up a whole new routine, huh?
Nope.
No.
Not.
David says, I sent emails to all those important people in DC.
My people is my ideas to pay off the mortgages of the people who are able to and paying their mortgages now.
Yeah, pay mine off.
I don't have much left.
That way the investment companies who caused this mess would get the money and take the good mortgages off their books.
Then they could use that money to repair the damage that they caused.
Why are we giving more money to the people that couldn't handle it before?
Also, those with mortgages paid would have more spending money and the economy would have a chance to get better from the bottom up.
That's what Obama said from the bottom up.
Not this trickle down.
Reagan tried to pedal that 28 years ago.
And all that was is just more excuse for, see, this is since I was a little kid.
The one thing I learned is that the Republican Party is the party of the rich.
Big business and the rich always has been always will be.
Give more to the people with too much right.
Big business.
Take from the poor and give to the rich.
We've seen how the trickle down system works.
This David said trickle down so little and keep so much the old guys must pay up to take care of those who couldn't make it work.
Just a thought while crying over what the Republicans have brought to our lives.
Love the show since 85 David.
Well, good luck to you David and happy new year.
If you're Jewish and if not happy new year anyway.
Can ever say happy new year too early.
780 on the pool.
Boy, if we can get to over 800 soon.
Maybe we're not going to make a thousand today.
It's just a survey on the debate.
If you don't get to a thousand today, Chris, we're done.
Of Finito.
I'm telling you that on a poll about the debate.
My God that went on there yesterday as a matter of fact yesterday afternoon in the middle of all that football khazari.
National football league has reached a new level of mediocrity.
Turn on any given game on any given Sunday.
And what you see are two mediocre teams playing.
Media ochre.
Just amazing.
Well, we wanted to achieve parity where you achieved it.
You know, it's like baseball saying all the sports mediocre like to make police worse than mediocre WQ a.m.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil, all I wanted to say is I'm so freaking pissed that the hurricane's lost this week, but it's often they're going to make up for it.
And they're going to kick some ass.
Yeah, keep dreaming.
Keep dreaming, sweetheart.
Keep dreaming.
Keep taking an acid man.
Drop a little.
Drop another sugar cube.
Typical South Florida sports nerd.
And George is right.
I'm going to say it again.
I've been going on the fan.
He's a great broadcast.
You got a great voice and he just his whole attitude is great.
What he talks about though is just coma inducing.
I can't watch it anymore.
Can't watch it anymore.
They talk about sports garbage about my new shirt.
Just crap.
And I asked myself how can anybody watch or listen to this will you know it just what is there to say?
We lost the game.
We lost even the kings.
Lost the game.
They blew it.
The coach sucks fire is ass.
Yeah well big.
Is that going to change your life?
We got a presidential election coming up in just a matter of weeks and these people are worried about the freaking canes.
Oh my god.
Get a life.
I have no hope already.
Okay.
Drop a pair.
Like Gildi's been trying to do.
I don't think he ever will.
God.
We got him back on this radio station.
That right in itself tells you how the heaven I've been predicting the demise of radio for several years now.
Yep.
When you're on the Titanic you can you know anything feel the water up your armpits.
You know there's something ain't good that's happening.
WQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Hello.
Now whatever happened to we're not going to call anymore.
Well I didn't believe it was a set of that.
Start taking calls again now.
It's safe because we're not going to call anymore.
Neil, Darongarag, Grinowski, whatever the hell your name is.
I hope that his neighbors go over with a baseball back to his place and just beat the living snot out of his ass.
The biggest name.
The long run of steel.
The new Rogers.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
See what's new.
The name.
The fact talent.
If that's the Asia.
We're not from the end to 11 here on.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The Frickin Sports Inn is still haven't fixed it and rejoined.
I got a idiot.
Why do you not go to school your clients.
STD Layton Strip Joy's.
Approved by Joyce.
Farts out.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling scams.
Approved by Joyce.
Words containing the word bag.
Rejected by Joyce.
Direct dial dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Cuba sounds resembling Farts out.
Rejected by Joyce.
Blighten sports related baggery.
And sports show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Farts out.
Rejected by Joyce.
Oh, I got an article somebody sent me that just going to say.
I'm going to tell you what's that you free, man.
All right.
Don't call it HD.
Call it responsive radio says Caroline Beasley.
Oh, my God.
But first.
The Mike and Kendall who I don't know Mike.
I don't know you Mike, but you're an idiot.
High and the ill for your potential sportscaster pull.
How about Don Sheering, this pink flowery jacket.
The question is who is or was the greatest play by play sportscaster of all time.
Even George knows that Don Sheering is not a play by play broadcaster, okay?
Anybody knows that.
Right.
He sits there and does the same tired stick during hockey season.
Every Saturday night, every week the same old all you kids out there.
All you can ever knew that all you kids.
Same crab.
Tired, ponderous, boring.
And doesn't do play by play.
But other than that.
It just, it makes me weak.
The lack of knowledge of anything that exists in South Florida say it's an intellectual wasteland.
Is there anybody there who knows anything?
Come to QAAM.
Hello.
I know that.
Oh, Darong Granovsky.
I know that.
He was back on the phone again.
Let me reach over and shut off the phone.
On days when they want to get it whipped up, I'm not wasting my time, okay?
If that's the best we can do with this show.
Nice going, jolly.
You got the name, you got the phone number, you got the shoe size, you got the,
right, right.
We're told that you don't know how to do a talk show in the future.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot about that.
Take a class, learn about us from maybe a seminar or two.
Okay.
I'm going to have to take off.
Oh, Cadbury.
The confections contain.
Confections.
Oh, my God.
Seriously, somebody just beat him right now over the head with a baseball with a two-by-four with a rusty nail in it.
In Australia, no need for American chocolate holics to worry, Cadbury chocolates in US doors are made by Hershey's.
Oh, I see.
He's enough to give me the Hershey squirts.
Anyway, getting back to this article, this is from the, some Naples rag.
In a digital age where more people are listening to music through their computers, iPods, and MP3 players,
Caroline Beasley, chief financial officer for Beasley Broadcast, we will think,
has been a force in moving the company's radio stations to HD.
Look what it's done for us here at QAM.
Oh, my God.
Beasley has purchased and tested various HD radio, such as the Polk Audio Eye, Sonic ES2, shown on her desk,
that allows the consumer to tag songs heard on the radio that can be purchased later through iTunes.
HD radio is that this is from Naples.
What publication is this from?
Why doesn't it say?
Will you tell me why it doesn't say?
No, I'm not going to.
Because some of the comments in here, afterward, you know, the comments and the articles, they mention my name.
So it must be like a Naples publication or something like that.
HD radio is the new kid on a very crowded technological block, but maybe your best friend someday,
if Caroline Beasley's projections, predictions bear fruit.
Yeah, she's bear and fruit, I'll write, Rotten bananas, toxic fruit.
Beasley, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Naples based Beasley Broadcast Group,
should know, she cheers the National Association of Broadcasters HD radio digital technology advancement force,
which worked with the developer's equipment manufacturers, broadcasters, and retailers to shepherd it along as far as it's come.
We're crawling, definitely crawling, but we're learning to walk.
She said, characterizing the technology's recognition.
I thought she's talking about the company, but we're not to the running stage yet.
Although 1750 radio stations offer HD from long, nearly 13,000 broadcasters in the country,
the numbers vaulted from a count of 305, as she points out.
Beasley statistics, say, HD radios within listening range of 90% of the US population.
The technology received a recent boost when a sterile-based WGCU FM Southwest Florida's Public Radio Station
moved all its classical music program from FM to an HD2 band in a highly publicized format,
which was the first time I had a change September 8th.
WGCU has sold 100, especially priced HD radios to introduce listeners to it.
How do you like that? A hundred.
Isn't that great?
All right.
And we know there are quite a few people who bought their own elsewhere, said Amy Tartiff, maybe 20 or 30.
Barbara Steinhoff, WGCU Director of Marketing, has even driven to listeners homes to up with a positioning of the antenna,
but the reaction to the sound she said has been universally positive.
That makes more than a dozen stations broadcasting in HD.
Here, Beasley has cloned all its local stations in HD, which is a federal requirement for broadcast receives the technology.
It's added two more HD2 stations, which have independent programming.
One known as Haney's Big House airs electric rock, another of the beach, the beach, specializes in surfer favorites.
Addicos, on, on, on.
Or in HD, anybody after listening in HD?
No.
No, not one.
Not a single one.
And this article goes on for about 100 pages, but then comments from listeners.
It says, I haven't listened to a regular radio station in four years, satellite radio, so vastly superior.
I won't waste a cent on this HD radio scam.
My advice to the Beasley is, if you want people to listen to your stations, cut down on the number of commercials and end the water down content.
Otherwise, you'll continue to lose listeners to iPods and satellite.
Here's one.
It says, I have to agree.
The darn commercials, which makes me stay away from local radio, 10 minutes of them, just so we can have 30 minutes of so-called commercial free listening.
Usually the darn DJ yaps for three minutes in this time also.
Satellite all the way, but I must say they're finding ways to plug some advertising into their program disguises information.
HD will not do the radio what it's on TV.
Naples Tango says, yes, but does HD radio air-neil Rogers?
Wow.
How do you like that?
And of course, the answer is yes.
And then later on, much later on, Richie Rich says, you mean Neil God?
He's brought a smile to South Florida.
At least once per broadcast for the past 15 years, Neil would be even better if it wasn't for that tight-pandied, snitched choice.
And then he writes, Neil Rogers, 560 A.M. Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Thanks for the promotion, Richie Rich.
That's the most promotion I've had in years, especially since Jolly Joe brought his fan ash to town from North Carolina.
Am I right?
Yes.
Absolutely.
We don't believe in promotion.
They have promotion meetings to talk about what we would be doing if we believe in promotion, which we don't.
Isn't that the purpose of the promotion meeting?
We have 16 minutes an hour max commercials on this show, which is far and away less.
And the only reason that it's 16 minutes is because it's in my contract that they get run no more than 16 minutes.
Right.
It's the only show on the station where it's in the contract that limits the number of commercials.
Otherwise, they'd be running like 25 minutes an hour.
30, 35, $1 a holler, whatever they could scrape together.
Because that's all they care about.
They don't care about content.
Oh, there's Barney Fag.
The credit and many cases we borrow for Carla.
He definitely still looks like he's sucking on a quince.
Boy, there's a lot of stuff coming here, a lot of stuff.
Long time, listen, here's a poll idea.
The main reason for your home internet connection.
Yeah, we've done that.
Online gambling, internet porn.
Yeah, we've done that.
I've been there done that.
Thank you so much.
I found soap, pomegranate mango, my local publics, and love it.
I even shaved my love maker, and it felt like a brand new unit.
Thanks, buddy.
He says little Joey, Joey T from Cooper City.
He's got a brand new unit.
Why is it such a big, why is it so controversial?
Is it because we got all these manly men out there who insist, oh, well,
we only use soap.
That bodywashed off is for pansies, you know?
I don't know.
It's done, why?
It's done, by the way.
Yes.
You use that pink grapefruit stuff?
Yeah.
Never smelled fruitier in my life.
It's great.
Isn't that good stuff?
I smell like pink fruit.
No, you don't.
Just a wonderful smell.
Just listen to me.
What?
Anybody out there who's resisting it, go into your drugstore, supermarket,
if you find soft soap, pink grapefruit, whatever it is, give it away.
And just lift up the thing and sniff it.
That's fine.
Smelling it out of the bottle is fine, but when you slather it onto your hot body
in a hot steamy shower, it's like a robot therapy.
It's awesome.
It's great.
I'm going to go take another shower now.
All right.
I'm going to see you in about an hour.
I'm going to smear it.
I'm almost out of mine.
See, I keep three or four bottles of different flavors, you know?
Do you?
Yeah, and people look at me like, what's wrong with you?
Why you got all the bottles of bodywashed?
Because I want to.
Because I can afford it.
That's about all I can afford, but I can afford it.
And now that I want that money, a woodbine on Friday, I can go out there
and buy me a whole bunch of bodywash.
$2,000 worth.
Isn't that great?
Yep.
That'd be a lot of bottles of bodywashed.
799 votes on this pool.
Barack Obama won the debate.
They say 55%.
McCain's 7.2% of draw a 17.8%.
Didn't watch almost 15%.
Don't care.
5%.
40 out of 799 say they don't care.
I don't care.
I don't care about the Keynes lost.
They blew the game.
They stink.
They suck.
It's going to be another desperate season.
I think they play some real teams, too.
Don't they have FSU this next weekend?
Yep.
Wow.
I was FSU any good this year or what?
They're probably kind of like the Keynes are right now.
Oh, in other words, they stink.
Well, they had just had a big win this past week, but they're still not that great, so.
So it could be another.
Where is that game?
Here.
Oh.
Wow.
The pressure and then that game in San Diego for the fish.
Let's not get two sports intensive.
Black games here, too.
Who cares?
You think that's going to help?
No emails in the of you.
I'm looking right now on my neal at neorodgers.com.
Nothing in there.
The greatest sportscaster play by play of all time.
You think there'd be like 100 names in there already.
Somebody mentioned to Van Patrick, who was the voice of the Detroit Lions for 100 years.
And he also was the original owner of WS RF in poor Lauderdale.
You know, 1900 on the dial.
One of the ones that went all sports and went belly up.
What was that song by Tommy Rowe?
Jam up, jammed up tight and belly on your ass.
What was that song?
Jammed tight, jelly.
You know what I mean?
No.
You don't look at four.
Check it.
No, check it.
No, check it.
No, he knows his jelly.
I got a Tommy Rowe.
Somebody's struggling to score to a 5.60 QAM.
B.
Fourth, Lee.
Biggest name.
The second time.
It's the big L.
Or landed well to Gary.
Mornings 5-7.
Morning, got candid eye on the V.
By the way.
QAM B.
Sports leader.
He'll ride you.
God.
Nobody care.
There was no farmer who could be here.
He sat in the metal just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick.
They're feeding the water.
Their hands on their marbles and clay things and at half past four.
They're camea young lady.
She looked like a pretty young creature.
She sat on the grass.
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruffles and laces and white fluffy duck.
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin.
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling, wrapped you send litter from yesterday's hunt.
While the girl in the metal was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock.
He looked like a man with a size of a hole home in the country with a big fence out front.
If he asked her for lightly, she'd show him her little bet dog who was subject to piss.
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movement so quick.
And then she'd bend over and suck down his candy.
So tasty made of butter, sky.
And then he spread whipped cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf.
If you think this is dirty, you can go f*** yourself.
Love a 32. I'll tell you one thing. These emails are sure a lot more informative than those calls ever were.
W.A.M. Hello.
Is Neil there?
Speaking.
Hey Neil, happy took this to you there, boys.
Yeah, happy took us.
I don't understand why everyone has a problem with this Sarah Paylon.
How many cushies are more on?
She looks pretty good, though.
Yeah, well, have a good time in the sack with her.
Okay. She looks pretty good.
That should be the qualification for our next vice president and maybe president.
And do they look pretty good? Yeah.
That's why FD Jagger elected in 32 because he looked pretty good in the wheelchair.
The song jam up and jelly type was released in 1969. The lyrics are below.
The song states that a relationship is desired by the young man with a girl he met, a relationship.
And the 60s, nice girls had reputations to maintain.
So even though there was a sexual revolution going on, the girl still didn't act or talk as freely as women can today.
The song was considered rather suggestive and the lyrics are probably hinting at a sexual relationship.
Oh my god.
And you're like that.
Jam up and jelly type.
I have to go get it.
You got it?
No, so I'm going to go get it.
Time to grow.
I was right.
Tommy Row.
What do you know?
How else would you spell it?
ROW.
ROW.
That would be really toxic.
808 votes on Fat Chris's poll on the debate Friday night.
Had a lot of comment on that and not.
Although here's, I thought I had one here somewhere.
Oh, that's right.
The guy keeps sending me the same crap.
See, if I don't read their email, they're stupid email the first time, then they send it in the same way.
Oh, it's just like the faxes, man.
Right. Same thing.
If it sucks the first time, no matter how you gussie it up, it's going to still suck the second time.
And I'm not going to waste my time or the audience's time either.
I'd rather take some great calls.
Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
Okay, that was a good one.
Line nine out of town line.
Fat man after dark, who's obviously got a serious mental problem.
My favorite sports announcer of all time is Jim Ross.
He was voice of the Oklahoma Sooners in the Atlanta Falcons for a long time.
Never heard of him.
I neither had anybody else.
I'm not going to waste my time putting him on there.
I'm sorry, you didn't like my favorite pizza topping pull.
It's not as assimilating as what you want to put on a burger I know.
No, it's not.
What's your favorite pizza topping?
Oh, my God.
Maybe next week, Fat man.
Yeah, don't throw that one away yet.
So, they're so touchy, you know.
Didn't like that.
Well, jeez, it's not as assimilating.
It's not as captivating.
That's that's always my favorite word when they want to take off.
It's real captivating radio.
You know, you know, something there is no more captivating radio.
Ken from Atopico right up the road here says happy Russia.
And I would nominate foster hewitt for your upcoming poll.
The only problem is that you and I probably know what one's who know who he is.
George knows foster hewitt.
That's right.
And Bill.
And Bill hewitt.
And I wrote back to Ken.
I actually replied to his email, which I never do.
I said, Bill hewitt was 100 times better than the seen out old man.
Foster hewitt became the John McCain of hockey.
Seenile.
Oh, I keep, I keep, oh, I see.
I just want to read the top part.
The polls are okay from Sean.
Who instead of fact seeing how he's decided the email the polls in and that great?
What technology man?
He says, could I trouble you to respond to the confirmation you got the see mail?
There it is, Sean.
I got it.
My last several emails to you in Georgia listed no response.
Maybe we didn't get them.
Neil at neorodges.com.
Pretty simple.
Sorry.
I meant to respond to his, but I forgot.
I didn't.
I don't think I got it.
He said they're not getting through my material blows much more than I thought.
I appreciate your responses.
The only validation for my life is via the neorodges show.
In other words, what he's trying to say is I have no life.
And we know.
I was listening to art garfunkles all I know.
And I thought of what a beautiful voice he had for someone with such tragic hair.
Good point, Sean.
I read the music of what?
He just had a whole tragic look all together.
His hair was just a part of it.
But it really was the first thing on the computer.
But his voice was like butter.
Yeah.
Now don't we have, what's the name?
Oh, I heard it.
And he is to you, Mr. Garfunkle.
Troopers found some pot in your little.
Oh, my God.
Only in America would I need to be a story.
What is that?
Art garfunkle.
That's some solo hits, you know.
Yeah.
This is my favorite.
That sounds like a smoltsy.
Well, it's not.
It sounds like kind of a cross between very mantelow and the carpenters.
It's rife with schmaltz.
It's rife?
Rife.
Yeah.
I can smell it all the way up here.
The schmaltz is all done.
You're like, what is it?
Bright eyes.
Never heard of it.
It's soothing.
It's kept on art.
Sorry, I...
He's walking with a limp.
Happy New Year, y'all.
The gift is walking with a limp.
Shut up, Troopers.
I bet I'm going to be dead pretty soon.
Yeah, you're talking about that.
Paul Newman.
Okay, that's enough.
It sucks.
I really like the music of Aerosmith, Alvaro Lavigne and Green Day, but none of their singers' voices
would normally be described as beautiful.
So here's a poll.
And then Sean hits his with that.
Which singer has the most beautiful voice?
Karen Carpenter.
Dusty Springfield.
Dusty Springfield.
She's got a manly voice.
Not a beautiful voice.
When you agree?
Manly voice.
Oh, come on.
She's butch.
She's not going to argue with you.
She's almost as butchers Ann Murray, but not quite.
Oh, and nobody is.
And she's also got a whole bunch of kids.
Roger Whitaker.
Luis Miguel.
All right.
That's the winner.
Roger Whitaker.
I'll agree with that.
No, Luis Miguel.
Dusty Colony, you know, if an element.
If an element.
Just in Hayward of the Moody Blues.
J Black.
Oh, there could be the winner right there.
He is just wow, what a voice.
Roy Orbison.
Andy Williams.
Andy Williams.
Oh, god, I'm crossing that off.
I'll tell you who's going to win.
Karen Carpenter.
Freddie Mercury.
He's not out here.
Well, put him on there.
He's got the most beautiful voice.
I think so.
Freddie Mercury.
Freddie Mercury.
Freddie Mercury.
I'm crossing off Marty Ravins and put on Freddie Mercury.
What about Jim Morrison?
Okay.
He'll do well also.
He was left off of this by Sean.
Who obviously has some life issues.
I think Jim Morrison is the winner.
All of J Black.
That would be a great fantasy.
J Black and Jim Morrison and a porno.
That would be good.
John.
Anderson of yes.
I say no to that.
No Gary Puckett.
Marilyn McCue.
Frank Patterson.
Do you have any idea who that is?
No.
I know Floyd Patterson.
We don't know who that is.
I'm crossing the Gordon Lightfoot.
Oh.
Oh, my God.
Glad is night.
The Everly Brothers.
They sure were pretty.
Barbara Harris of the Toys.
Neil Sedac and we had a Freddie Mercury.
And of course, Jim Morrison will fill a lot.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He'll hit Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We dim-ordinated seven to ten.
Where South Florida sports always matters.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You're a best.
I'm dying on the air.
Did you ever think when you're in Chinese?
It ain't pork or chicken but a fat-sign.
You get the food.
Taste great so you don't complain.
But that's not chicken in your chicken-chown main.
Seems to me I ordered sweet and sour pork.
But Garfield's on my for.
He's furring here on my for.
Oh, right.
There's a cat in the kennel like the Peking.
The place that I eat every day at noon.
You make it pizza cat and you'll never know.
Once they wrap it up in no voice.
They fry it real crisp in dough.
Chaolin asked if I wanted more.
As he was dialing up his buddy at the old.
That star said not today I lost my appetite.
There's two cats in my belly and they want to fight.
I was sucking on a rollet and the tongues are two.
When I swear I heard it mute.
And that is when I knew.
There's a cat in the kennel at the Peking moon.
Think I got a stop even there at noon.
They say that it's feed for fish or pork.
But it's fur and there on my for.
I'm dying on the air.
Oh, here we go.
They're hucking a trotig about Paul Newman again.
Oh, boy.
And he died just before Russia's shown in all this.
Isn't that bad?
No.
It's bad.
It's like dying on your birthday.
Like my.
Oh, here we go.
I would have made some changes in cool hands.
A lot of guys laying down a lot of rules.
I made some changes in cool hands.
Look, I wouldn't have made it.
I wouldn't have released it.
What happened to the old bank?
It was beautiful.
People kept rubbing.
Small price to pay.
Now, tell me a movie that he made there was a great movie.
I'm going to make me go on an IMDB.
I like cool hands.
Thank you very much.
Oh, oh.
I never forget when you talked me into going out and getting that.
And I watched it.
And it was just a little bit of a talk to you out and getting into it.
I wouldn't have recommended that movie to you.
I said it was all right.
Why is that?
Because I like that kind of movie.
What kind of movie band?
Shenanigans.
He was deprived of any further.
See, I wouldn't have recommended that movie to you.
I would have recommended Ofmysen then.
So it was worthwhile.
He's a nath?
No.
Oh.
Go back and find out how fast Eddie kept being fast Eddie.
One thing about Paul Newman, man, he aged badly.
Probably too much of that spaghetti sauce.
Maybe too much of that shallow dressing, you know?
Maybe.
He aged badly.
He was 83 and he looked like at least 150.
Oh, there's Tommy Cruz.
Hey, Tommy.
You're fairly stupid.
Color of money.
You've got to be a student, a human move.
See all the grades that are not to a man.
But we're students, a human move.
It's too seen.
You know what Tommy Cruz looks like in that movie?
Yeah.
And you know what?
He looks like in every other movie?
Yeah.
Hey, Tommy.
You're fairly.
How's the peeping, Tommy?
He is so good.
Phil of Seymour Hoffman Schwartz.
Schmendrick.
Frank says, I don't think either candidate was all that impressive
in order to either dominate the other.
That's correct.
The debate sucked.
It was boring.
Just seeing, to me, like they both sung accusations
to each other without some sort of confirmation of who was lying
and who was telling the truth, there is no way to make a determination
of a master debater.
That's almost as funny as Jolly Jo Bell.
And by the way, Jolly Jo Bell and PD Lenny quit wasting my space
on my emails.
Jolly Jo sent everybody that email about, oh, how do a quit
Cox radio, what was it called?
I don't know what's it called.
In style or something like that.
Well, just a stupid waste of time.
And then PD Lenny has got his happy new year thing.
Did you get your version of that email?
No, I'm not.
That's you mailing list.
Thank you very much.
The dogs, the Yamaha and the Kalas.
No, not a whole lot of you.
Oh, PD Lenny, just go away.
Go away.
He's like a tumor that they can't remove, man.
You just can't get rid of him.
Elliot Kleinberg.
What about it?
Son of the great Howard Kleinberg.
I wonder if Howard's still alive.
I hope so.
I think Howard Kleinberg from the Miami News is still alive.
The hockey games.
Howard Kleinberg.
Good guy.
Had to, in fact, Howard fell asleep.
I'm a show on W1 and Z1 night.
Fell asleep in the guest tier.
And I'll be honest with you with a guest like you, Howard, out of fall asleep, too.
Just a joke.
Five radio stations play on despite fire and evacuation during drive time this morning.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
In Palm Beach.
Radio listeners are used to hearing blocks of music and commercials uninterrupted by announces during morning drive.
But 20 minutes.
West Palm Beach firefighters dealt with a small electrical fire this morning at the office building
that houses radio stations, WETFM, WIRK, Country KFM, WMBX, WPBZFM, the Buzz, and WNEWFM.
WNEWFM?
New York gave up those call letters.
Oh, my God.
The B.
The towers at 7-1 North Point Parkway near 45th Street and I-95.
Here's what you missed in the last 20 minutes.
There was a fire in the building, a small fire, but we're fine.
One of the DJs at X102.3 set on the air, but announces return live about 8 AM.
In other words, they bailed.
They walked out.
When we have a fire alarm at the QIM, whatever it was, we got to sit there.
Remember how many times that happened?
Uh-huh.
We got to sit there.
Is this right?
The real is the building on fire.
Oh, I understood.
You go down with the ship.
If you're a it's your air shift.
You go down with the what?
I heard that fire alarm grow off.
I grabbed my keys and my CDs.
I walked out the door.
The DJ said J.D.
pellet here, a host on country case at engineers at all five stations.
We're able to set automated programming into motion before everyone had to do.
We were on the air, pellet here.
You said you could hear the alarm going off.
He said announces insisted on finishing a battle of the sexist contest.
But then the engineer came in and said, you've got to get out now.
pellet here said employees were told they fired up in on the second floor.
They never smelled smoke in their fifth floor studios before they left.
But he said when they got the okay to return, when you came in on the ground floor was hazy.
And you could smell smoke.
It sounds to me like somebody was blowing smoke.
God.
What a business.
And these people bailed.
When you're in this business, you got to hang out.
You have to stand just like this building when we had like real fire alarms in the middle of the show.
Did I ever bail out?
No.
No.
Now make believe ones those fake ones.
I think I'm going to start bailing out.
Haven't had one of those in a long time.
Come on.
Let's have a fake fire alarm.
WQAM.
Hello.
No, you look 93.
Let's get it in person.
WQAM.
Hello.
Two AM.
I said you look 93.
Yeah, we heard it the first time.
Keep passing it back and forth on the phone too.
848.
See, that's the way they work it.
They call, you know, they got multiple phones and they keep calling the same line over and over and over.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Because.
I have no life.
That's right.
Here's a, I'm going to stick with the emails for the most part.
Am I sneaking a caller to here in there?
But they suck.
It's the same, it's the same group of misfits.
Oh, but we love the callers.
Neil, that pull we took on Friday and over the weekend.
That is such a smart.
You know, one word I would use to describe the result of that pull.
What?
Toxie.
Oh.
I shouldn't know.
Neil, you are absolutely correct about body wash.
When I see a soft cheesy bar soap mixed with dead skin cells and straight pubic hair, the last thing I want to do is
Shmear it on my body.
Right.
Thanks for the new scent suggested.
I purchased them.
We'll try them tonight.
Shameless requests for cats in the kettle if you can still play it.
Gary and Homestead, no extra charger.
Just played it for it.
By request.
How do you like that?
A rat.
Pretty nice of me if you asked me.
Because I'm a nice guy.
Oh, there go the phones again.
Let's, let's see how many of those are the same.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You probably didn't hear it and you were lucky you did not.
But Saturday I happened to catch like the last four minutes of the cane's gain.
Oh, yeah, I'm sure I heard that.
Go to Gaki.
If you could get a tape of this, you'll laugh your tail off.
At the last play when the touch down the pass went through the hands.
At the moment that it hit his hand, he'll touch down the case of one.
No, they dropped it.
Really?
Something along those lines.
It was hysterical, but it just wants to get improved how inept is the broadcast three years.
Oh, my, oh, my.
That's all I have for you right now.
Maybe not the world's worst, but he's in the running.
Okay, thank you, sir.
Yeah, he's in the running.
He ought to run.
But to defend him a little bit in that way.
Yeah.
He had the catch and then it went off of his fingertips and then the other guy intercepted it.
So he did have the catch when Joe called it and then the other guy intercepted it.
Are you sticking up for Josie on this one?
Yes.
You are such there's a word to describe people like you.
You know what the word is?
Suckhole.
I thought it was a low pay.
Suckhole.
Low pay suck.
His work and I use that term very loosely is so pathetic.
His voice.
He is God.
How are we going to say a face for radio?
We just have to face for radio.
That's what the column old penis knows.
But he is just wrote test.
And of course Jimmy Cifilis.
Now that'd be a good pull.
Who's worse?
Jimmy Cifilis or Joe Zagaki?
Or Dave Ann Boring?
Or Rich Waltz?
Oh, I actually saw that thing on TV the toward the end of the season.
They had one night they were showing him in the press box with some other loser.
Oh my God.
Where did they dig this clown up?
When I was a kid in high school, I had a web court tape recorder and I was sitting in front of the TV
and do play by play on the game of the week on Saturday.
Nobody was home so I would sit in and do play by playing to my tape recorder.
That's what he sounds like.
Although not as good as I was.
And people like Chris refused to tell it like it is.
He's embarrassing.
He sounds like a little kid.
Well, all I said is that one sucks.
He sucks.
I'm not talking about Joe Zagaki.
I'm talking about Rich Waltz.
Oh, I don't really watch it.
I don't listen to it that much.
Well, later on I watch a couple of innings maybe and then I'll turn around.
Well, a couple of them should tell you how bad he is.
I think Rich Waltz is better than Tommy Hutton.
Tommy Hutton is great.
You have no one.
Tommy Hutton is one of the best color-man commentators in all of these days.
Tommy Hutton has never said something that the layman didn't already know.
Oh my God.
You're not in Tommy Hutton.
You ought to be seriously.
We're going to have an execution on the year maybe next week.
When I fly your fat ass, can you talk about a fire in the building?
Can you smell the aroma of that, George?
Grease fire.
600 pounds of smoking, twirling grease.
Jam up, all right.
Is it time to roll?
This is.
I'm a baby now you're on the side.
Jam up, and jelly tight.
Jennifer Devity just took out our webpage and see about Viagra Soft Tab.
So what do?
It's another, it's another Viagra spam.
Soft.
The best talent.
This is the best talent.
Your listening to sports radio five sixty WQ AM.
My, my Emmy for the other day.
This is Coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the twirling grease.
Well, the one however it is.
Hey man, it's Jeff.
Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like up dog.
What is up dog?
I don't know. What's up G. Yo, yo, yo.
Get it?
No.
Okay.
You were just speaking with like the place of catering order?
Hey Richard.
Yes.
I was in your restaurant, my wife and I, and she was commenting as I was,
did it smelled like up dog?
Like what?
Up dog.
What is up dog?
No, what's up with you G.
Get it?
Rivello.
Yeah, hi, a gizuntai.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog.
What's up dog?
Not much. What's up with you G?
Yeah, what's up dog? What's up in dog?
Yeah, not much, yo.
I'm busy. What, what you want?
Your place smelled like up dog.
Okay. Bye.
Get it?
Yeah, hey, how are you?
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like up dog.
What is up dog?
I don't know. What's up with you G.
Get it?
Oh, we just got Barney Faggot again and he still looked like he was sucking on a quince.
1202 at 560 WDQ.
I'm happy Monday. Happy, a russia show. I'm a happy new year.
Even the Goyam out there can celebrate New Year tonight at Sunda.
You gonna celebrate?
Yes, I am.
Rix is, hasn't TV made play by play redundant?
There are no play by play guys. Only color commentators.
That's true and most of the color to color commentators.
First of all, football.
They got that big table.
They all sit around. They got to be at least a half a dozen of them and they talk a lot of crap.
And they don't know what they're talking about.
And half of them can't speak anyway.
I know the Shannon Sharp is still on my TV. I'm gonna have to do something about that.
How can he still be on there?
Chris, because they like him. I don't know.
Who likes him?
I don't like him.
Can he speak? Can he articulate?
No.
I don't want to watch that, so.
No, I need to do it. Why?
But every now and then I'll be flipping around. I'll see.
And I'll think, oh, not another one of these pregame ass-lap fest, grab ass, and there's Danny Boy.
Always had that same stupid grin on his face, because Wayne sold him that stock real cheap.
Remember that? What was the name of that?
Was it not auto-nation before that? What was it?
Your public? Was it in public industries?
No. The waste one.
What?
The trash place, wasn't it?
Republic.
Where the hell the church goes?
It was something like that.
Whatever the hell it was.
Shula and Danny Boy got in on the ground floor of that.
They got to buy that stock for like two or three bucks a share, and it went up to like a hundred or something like that.
That's always what I want to see as millionaires getting a real good insider.
Do you like that?
Doff does Xavier Lachenkopf as Shula used to.
That's right.
Ron says Newman's finest film was somebody up there like me.
Rocky Graziano's life story.
Isn't it somebody up there like me?
To I thought.
Rocky Graziano.
Yeah, Paul Newman was.
He was all right.
I mean, I'm not saying he was a bad actor.
He was just much into about nothing.
He was one of the first Hollywood pretty boys, you know, with the blue eyes.
I didn't think he was all that pretty to be honest with.
Waste management corporate.
Whatever the hell it was.
That's not right.
That was the big and republic industries.
Yeah, public industries with the name of the stock.
Okay. I know waste management.
That was Wayne's business.
Don't be knocking Wayne now.
It's in our deal with the dolphins.
We aren't supposed to be knocking Wayne.
Oh, I can't believe you said that about baldy.
Too bad.
Your team sucks, by the way, Wayne.
Oh, but that game against the Patriots.
Yeah, against the team that was like all injured with like a high school quarterback plan.
Give me a break.
Give me a breath.
Jeffrey says since apparently nobody else in your audience watched the freaking debates on Friday.
Now, they don't have much to say about it, Jeff.
I figured I'd share my thoughts with you.
A king was stocked to have been a clear winner in this being that it was mostly about national security and foreign policy.
But Obama more than held his own.
I think he went slightly on top.
If the American people can't see that this man can easily let his back into prosperity.
Then they clearly have their heads up their collective ass.
I don't think anybody can easily lead his back into prosperity, Jeff.
So as much as I'm all for Obama, I think you're dreaming.
I think you're allowing your predi-juice to color your vision.
You know what I'm saying, George?
What do you say?
He says he can easily lead his back to prosperity.
Not easily.
No.
In fact, that's-
No, to understand that's the game plan.
They're going to lead the mess in Iraq in his hands.
They're going to lead the economy like a vertical lapse.
How about just-
Not going deeper into evil.
How about that for a start?
Yeah.
You can bring us back from the abyss.
From the toxic abyss.
What I thought was most interesting about Friday's debate was McCain never addressed Obama directly.
And Obama spoke directly to McCain at least a dozen times.
McCain never even looked at him the whole debate.
Neither man made any huge mistakes, although I'd really be interested to see a company.
A complete breakdown of what actually was said compared to what actually is true.
For example, McCain's nice little story about Eisenhower writing two letters at the end of WW2,
one of which was a letter resignation is not true.
He did write a second letter, but it was not a letter resignation.
But that's minor.
And I'm more interested in what he said about the other about the future policy in the records in the Senate.
Not to mention, I think the shots Obama took at McCain were head on,
and McCain at least four or five times seemed to stick in a jab that came as very condescending,
as if Obama didn't know what he was talking about, which I thought was very disrespectful.
That's right. He treated him like a child, like an old codger lecturing a child between him and Jim.
What's his name?
What's his name?
The moderator.
Lera.
Oh, between the two of them was like two daughtering old fools talking to an articulate interesting guy,
who really, yeah, I love the way Obama kept like smiling at the Lera like,
oh my, do you believe what this old coup d'assagne?
Not once did Obama talk to McCain like he was an idiot, but McCain did that on several occasions,
especially accusing Obama of not knowing the difference between strategy and tactics.
Overall, I think Obama wanted to bathe hands down even on some of his weaker issues, such as foreign policy.
He held his own.
He definitely has the brain that'll help America stock back up around the world.
Oh, he doesn't mean like investment stock. He means our stock collectively as a peoples.
And reinstate the respect this country deserves. Why do we deserve it?
Why do we deserve respect because it's us?
We invaded the sovereign country. We're still occupying it.
It's okay for us to have all the nukes that we want and we sit around and tell everybody,
oh, and then I just love McCain's that take on Russia.
Let's see, first he's going to bomb Iran, then North Korea, and now Russia's on a radar.
You think Bush had a bunch of evil doers, the asses of evil.
Anyway, it says, after all it's about the people, not the politicians, just my two senses.
It says Jeff from Orlando. Thank you, Jeff, some good points. And then again, a little bit of a blue sky.
Obama's got the magic touch. So it says Jeff.
The bow's down to 53. I just touched it and still down to 53. I touched it.
Look at that. The average is under 11,000. It's 10888. Whoa.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money. I told you, don't invest in stocks.
God, I've been telling you that for years. Then that moron.
They used to call all of the S&P is up, Nelia. I hope you lost every dime you ever had.
I hope he's on freaking food stamps.
Let's see, then I have the story. Friday sex with sheep doesn't warrant as a sex offender.
That's what you said.
And there's a bunch of other stuff on here. Thank God for the emails, man. The callers continue to suck.
I'll show you WQAM. Hello. QAM. Hello.
See there we go. The caller's stuck and oh, we're never going to call again.
Take the calls. Yeah, like anybody believe that. Like anybody believe that.
DeRong Granovsky. You you chip with an ear for your ass is supposed to be.
He's sitting on it. That way when he farts, he hears it real good.
Every time he opens his mouth, he's farting.
I want you fairy.
875 votes on the poll. Who do you think won the presidential debate?
Obama, 476. A draw 155. Obama, by the way, 54.4% of this audience didn't watch it.
124. McCain, 72, 8.2% and don't care. 48. 54.5% to 8.2%.
And the CNN poll overwhelming the MSNBC poll, which it expect because it's a
Commie liberal pinko network, overwhelming for Obama.
The only polls that McCain won were like that one guy said the Fudge report, which I only take their word for because I believe in.
And I would eat a poll, the Nazi station, the Nazi station.
They fire out poor footy across whatever his name was. Chris crosses brother.
They blow his ass out and they don't say anything about it.
That's the thing about this business that really frosts me because his lame and pathetic and horrendous and grotesque as he was on the air.
He was absolutely downright toxic.
But in spite of that, he's been on the air for over 30 years in the market.
You realize that his departure, his firing at IOD, guess who that leaves now is the Dean of South Florida broadcasters who's still on the air.
Now the red draw hung up his mic. That's right.
Oh God.
32 and a half years and still puking it out.
That's Mr. Dean to you, dummy. Yeah, that's Mr. Rogers to you neighborhood.
Here's one that says, oh, please add Howard David to the poll. I don't think so.
Mo Howard David, the greatest sportscaster all time. He was good.
Not by the time he got to the dolphins. He was no longer good. He had no idea he'll do well just because it's a name.
I'm not putting him on air. I want to have it like a real poll. I'm not going to install all these other great sportscations by putting Mo on it because these people's do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
I mean, it's funny, but not poison enough.
Too much noise with the doys.
This is Neil. I could have sworn I saw George sitting alone in front of Cocoawalk yesterday. Was that him? Yep.
I was sitting and I wasn't alone.
I might have been sitting for a little while, but there was a crowd of people there from WQIM and American Express.
Also did you hear there looks now like Nick Sabin will be making a Trump return to sofa. Nobody cares.
I don't care. I don't care about Nick Sabin. I don't care about the Orange Bull. I don't care about your Kakka.
Moomoo. The best talent.
You don't have no right to say that.
You have no right to say that.
Go up.
Fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
How many of you said that, by the way?
We have just five, six, eighteen, two, a.m.
These sports leaders.
Howard David's a bitch.
It's late at night. You're fast asleep and a shadowy figure is about to break into your home.
But you're protected.
Yes, it's the James Brown home security alarm.
The heart is working alarm in the safety of business.
Designed by the Godfather of home protection himself.
The James Brown alarm protects you from burglars, dip bandos, dip peepin' tall.
And if you act now, we'll include it no extra cause.
The patented James Brown hot pants, fire alarm.
So put the sole patrol on your keyhole.
With the James Brown home security system.
Oh, I am.
You'll say.
I'm in good.
Oh, there's Sarah speaking in Ohio.
You know what?
Serenity in the whole patrol.
Oh, come 16 to 560.
They are a priori.
She looks just like that chick from Saturday Night Live.
Yeah.
Here's an email that said, boy, the emails are coming through like crazy today and in spurts.
You know what I mean?
Like right now there's nothing on them.
But we got to pile.
And it's a good thing because the calls still suck.
We just did a little check on the calls to see if they still suck.
They do.
So all you people have said, oh, we like the better with the calls.
You know, Cox's hoist.
Well, I'll tell you what, all you people who like the calls better,
email us your phone number and we'll give them out on the air.
So all those chronics can call you and you can have a blast all day every day.
24, 7.
What do you think?
Good idea?
An excellent idea.
Yeah.
And then you can have your own show and talk to, hi Rod.
Hi, Rod.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Probably not many have heard of because of the small market he's in, meaning Buffalo.
But the best radio sportscaster I've ever heard is Rick Jennerette.
He's on here.
One of the few announcers on the radio.
Well, they sound like he's on radio and TV at the same time.
Well, you can actually picture the game as if you had TV on it.
Rick Jennerette is spectacular.
He is great.
Let me give you the list of what I got so far.
Since I was doing that poll for tomorrow.
Well, what do you mean, right?
You don't care.
I don't.
No, you don't care no matter what the poll is, you don't care.
Right.
89 on today's poll.
We're going to do 1000 just for fat Chris.
891.
891 just for fat ass Chris and his 40 cents an hour.
And don't even get to eat free food anymore.
Well, well, you know, you guys are such a bunch of whims.
If I was you guys, I'd get all the people in that building together.
If you were us.
I would have threatened to sue that son of a bitch.
If I were you, I'd open up a big mouth.
And if you were us, you'd keep it shut.
Yeah, that's what that wouldn't be.
Yeah, right.
How do you think where I got where I am today by keeping my mouth shut?
Well, the client that was defeated today.
If I have it up big parables, okay?
That's right.
And you'll see when a book comes out on October 17th and whatever the damn day is.
You'll see that since you were on most of the summer.
And we're still going to have by far and away the highest numbers on this horse ball radio station.
You got some clout.
You didn't even realize it.
Aren't you right about that?
Well, that's the problem.
Cowling in the corner.
Oh, geez, I'm so scared.
Joe gave me a dirty look today in the hall.
And of course, Greg, Greg Reed conditioned you for that.
Yeah.
He sliced your nuts off.
People think that that operation you had that vasectomy.
That was the first slicing.
That was the second slice.
The first slice was a lot deeper and a lot more thorough.
The unkindest cut of all.
That's the one.
The Greg Reed slice.
Who is or was the greatest play by place sportscaster all time?
I think I got a pretty impressive list here.
Al Michaels, Kurt Gaudi, Mel Allen, Red Barber, Vince Scully, Rick Weaver, Bob Prince, Foster Hewitt, Villehuitt, Danny Galavan, Harry Carey, Van Patrick.
Van Patrick used to say, Philadelphia.
The Philadelphia Eagles.
Philadelphia, he was a big fat guy.
Huge. He's dead.
Ernie Harwell, Dick Nbert, Pat Summerall, Dan Kelly.
Another big fat guy.
He's also dead.
Jack Quinlan.
Jack Quinlan, nobody is going to know who that is unless they're from Chicago.
He was the Cubs announcer back on the radio announcer.
In the 50s and early 60s, he was better in Harry Carey.
He was better than any.
He was great.
Jack Quinlan.
But nobody's going to know who he is so they won't get any votes.
Van Miller, John Miller, Joe Bowen, Rick Jennerette, or Fred Cusick.
That's my list so far.
And we don't have Joe Zagaki on there.
And you want to know why?
Joe Zagaki sucks, okay?
Anybody I can speak to you for a while.
Of course I can ask Chris.
He doesn't know from me.
The only sportscaster he knows is Jimmy Cifalus, Dave Van Boring, and Joe Zagaki.
Mark Van Damay.
Now he was pretty good.
He wasn't the greatest sportscaster of all time.
No, it was very good.
He was good.
He was no joke.
Joe Zagaki.
Joe Z.
He can't even say his own name.
Joe Zagaki.
I'm Joe Zagaki.
He's like a munchkin with a penis face.
Here's one that says, I'm a letter.
Now this is very disturbing.
Maybe you guys can have this guy out.
I'm a letter carrier.
I listen to your show using a Walkman type radio.
You come in clear until about 11.30 a.m.
When all of a sudden your signal disappears.
I have to crank up the volume or anything what gives.
How do you like that?
11.30 a.m.
Our signal disappears.
What do you think?
Maybe it's a pattern changing.
Sounds like sabotage to me.
Anybody else out there have signal problems after 11.30 a.m.
Maybe that's when his pacemaker starts crapping out.
Maybe that's when his hearing aid, the battery start running low.
Maybe.
Might it low.
We'll find out.
Neil at NearRoges.com, by the way, is for the emails.
We're getting just a ton of a bunch, a bunch in from the munchkins today.
Tons, which is good.
Just like I predicted, this thing is growing like Topsy.
Well, McCain and Palin are in Ohio.
Security on your family and working American.
He still looks like an angry old man like a real curmudgeon,
like a nasty old cout with a bad temper and his finger on a button.
So he wants a chance to get in there.
So he can...
And the new people, Johnny Brasco, as if I don't already know this about the unmanshable one being this part.
Why don't you people stop sending me crap that I've already talked about and already know about?
What is wrong with you?
They think I live in some kind of a cocoon like a butterfly, like a caterpillar.
And in ivory tower, I'll disconnect it.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Isolated from the rest of the world.
Oh, and Noah floated the ark too, yeah.
The frozen winter hinterlands.
God.
Of Canadiens.
Let me go and let me read this.
Oh, good gods.
Good gods, you're crying a kid alive, okay?
Go out and play in the streets.
Play Russian roulette for a couple of hours.
Six chambers, Maryland chambers.
903 on your pool already, Chris.
And so in 1222, it's only 1222.
My god, this show seems like we've been on for about 15 hours already, doesn't it?
Yep.
And then of course that thing with the phones.
I don't want to say I told you so.
Oh, geez.
Yeah, but that's because you don't know how to do a top show.
Oh, that's right.
I don't scream the calls.
We'll screw that.
That's boring.
Boring.
Oh, sorry, George.
No, no problem, man.
It made me do it for like 12 years.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Who you what?
Screen them freaking calls.
Oh, you don't like it?
I don't like screening them.
Then why do you make Chris screen them?
Because I don't like him.
Oh, I don't blame you then.
Here's one.
It says first hank, then they were trying to push you out the door.
Joe Bell sounds like he's sharp as a bell.
As a mutsy ball.
I wouldn't be surprised if he tried bringing footy
and as a pole consultant for Neil for God's sakes.
A pole, count siltant, COUNC, LTA, and T.
Some of you people are so illiterate that it scares even me.
Hang around as long as you can stand in Neil.
I look forward to your show every day.
Love, love you Neil.
Go, God.
Go away.
Go, God.
Go away.
You're bug me.
You're almost as annoying as that Gary G creep in New Orleans.
Over and over and over.
Oh, I'm sorry for all of it.
And that's out beyond who at least finally cut the crap.
And apologize for his incest and Obama propaganda.
I don't need any more propaganda, okay?
The best thing we got going for Obama is this.
Exactly what got us into this.
Yeah, that old cout.
Insane McCain.
That performance in Fridays debate went over like a pregnant pole
vault in the equator in the middle of July.
Vicki says,
Oi, happy New Year.
Oi.
I'm checking in late today and quite frankly, I'm amazed by the result.
I can't believe that many people think Obama won the debate.
I plan to vote for him 500 times, but I don't think he won.
Now, I thought it was a lot closer than a lot of people did because I've
You did try to be objective.
And if you didn't watch it.
So if you could have seen the MSNBC coverage, you would have thought
with Obermann and what's your name?
What's his name?
Rachel.
And by the way, don't tell me it's Mato because they pronounce it Mato
and Mato right there in MSNBC both ways.
They don't know how to say his name.
But you would have thought that McCain started drooling and fell down on the floor in the hyperventilating.
No, seriously, by their analization was so biased that even I was embarrassed.
It put Fox noise to shame.
Anyway, it says it made me furious that the daughtering will fool kept saying a million times.
What Senator Obama doesn't understand and Obama didn't kick him right in the dentures.
He should have at least taken away his polygrip.
If the Democrats don't grow up here and fast, I'm afraid it will be lost again.
Well, I hate to break the news to you, Mr. Vicki.
I'm glad to break the news to you.
But the latest poll had just came out.
The latest nationwide poll, Obama's eight points ahead.
I had that story in my pile here somewhere, but I got so many emails.
What do you think is more important?
The emails are those bedtime stories.
Oh, the calls.
On a completely different note, she says, well, you please tell me who the guy with the eyes is.
I've been listening since the 80s.
But somehow I missed him and heard you mentioned him again last week.
Thank you. He's just another closet queen.
You fairly.
Who's there got enough session with David Cassidy?
He's got a David Cassidy blow up dial.
He's a lifeless.
He looks like Frankenstein on a bad day.
He looks like a Herman Munster on a very bad day.
And shows up at all the appearances, even though he knows we hit him like poison.
Didn't he show up at Gulfstream or not?
I believe so.
I think I get to.
If he did, he was one of the innormals compared to...
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Well, I wish.
Oh, in fact, I know how I can do it.
I can send it over to a pro-Zach Ron.
I mean, to a Ron, the Ron.
Because I've got him in my deleted emails here.
And I can send him Joe Bell's number.
And he can call Jolly Jolly.
Oh, he can call Jolly Jolly on his cell phone and home.
And he can go, chamba.
Chamba, about 400 times.
Do they see how Joe likes that?
Oh, Lord, he loves it, Joe.
He's a hoot.
He's so funnest.
4.509.60QAM.
The 4th leader.
Yeah.
The sports leader.
Oh.
You know it.
D-A-Y-S-U-C-K-S.
We're going to get your clearance.
The Lynch party's coming.
230 to 7, who are going to drag your ass outside.
Hang your from the Fag pool.
Clarence.
You're fair.
Idiot.
Now, look at MCD's.
That's no way to do it.
To download music on the MVD.
Don't pay no money.
That's no way to do it.
Music for nothing.
Pay no royalties.
And that's just working.
Here's the way to do it.
Cable modern, so you won't wait.
Maybe get a download of a song by Sting.
Maybe get a song by Dice Street.
We got an install 20 gig hard drives.
Got an install some memory.
We're going to piss off.
Fins like Metallica.
We're going to piss off everybody.
That's no Bill Gates.
That little geeky guy is on Pompile.
That little geeky guy is just a big geek skate.
We got an install 20 gig hard drives.
Got an install some memory.
We're going to piss off.
Fins like Metallica.
We're going to piss off everybody.
Oh, right.
Now they paint.
That's the way they do it.
Just stealing music with the M.P.P.
Letting legal.
Everybody does it.
Music for nothing with the M.P.P.
Music for nothing.
A bunch of music.
Goiam are standing behind John McKinley in Ohio.
Mutant goiam.
And just wipe the snot off.
Did you see that?
No.
Watching Spanish soaps, man.
Some people might have thought it's sweat, but it's not.
Harvest is, here's a joke.
It's kind of cute.
Oh, and it's got the same picture of the two dogs.
So obviously PD Lenny sold that picture from somewhere else.
The dogs with these things, they make their way around the Internet.
That's right.
And that copy is everything from everybody.
Many sends it around everybody else like it's his creation.
Go away, PD Lenny.
You bother me badly.
Badly.
A lot.
A man bumps into a woman in a hotel lobby and as he does, his elbow goes into her breast.
They're both quite startled.
The man turns to her and says,
man, if your heart is as soft as your breast, I know you'll forgive me.
She replies, if your penis is as hard as your elbow, I'm in room 221.
Didn't like it?
That was all right.
I'm going to try that out on the other side.
I'm going to get the chicken garlic chicken with the so peas.
Huh?
That was bad.
It was bad good.
921 on the Yosurbe and Obama kicked ass in our crowd.
The triceps player.
Yeah, that's the deer to deer.
Yeah, between a dottering old fool,
this thing from James in New England somewhere.
Oh, James, you bug me, James.
Follow me.
I know you love dogs, so I'd like to know your opinion about this, please.
Massachusetts will be voting on this.
You come the November 4th election.
The state is proposing to either eliminate or retain dog racing altogether.
I think what he really means is to retain it or eliminate it altogether, but nevertheless.
The argument to ban dog racing here is because some owners are drugging their goods.
I've been using greyhounds with cocaine so I looked online for proof of this,
but found only that this was in Florida.
According to the San Bernard Tribune, more than a hundred racing greyhounds tested positive for cocaine.
Over the past few years a dog tracks across Florida.
They're also arguing that some greyhounds are dropping dead on the tracks from cardiac arrest
or injured in some way or even paralyzed.
But those in favor of keeping the dog track say there are more injuries in regular sports than there are in dog racing.
And that these dogs are seen regularly each week by a veterinarian to check and maintain their overall health.
You know who are we always behind these things, the Peter people.
The crazy, crazy Peter people.
I do love dogs, but you know, I would be like saying, let's ban horse racing because sometimes
horses get injured and there's a lot of drugs that are used and they have to be put down.
Horse Pucky, that's what I say to that.
So, promotes the designated winter today.
And, around the end of the field, there's number six personal edge.
Boy, a visc I don't sound like he's on doggy downers.
You ever heard of a dog, right?
Coke that guy up.
Wow.
Woo.
And they argue too that the dogs are kept in inhumane cages with barely enough room to turn
around.
But back in the day before, close, they used to go to viscane dog track.
And the dogs I, I seen caged there were in cages larger than those I'd ever seen in
the dog pound humane society.
The dogs I seen caged there.
The dogs at viscane also appeared happy to me.
They appeared happy.
I used to go down here by the rail.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
And I suspected these greyhounds had phone racing there.
Yeah.
Sure.
I phoned and spoke with a rep of one of the dog tracks here in Massachusetts.
He said the cages here were pre-approved by the Massachusetts Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals, which is the organization now trying to abolish dog racing.
Lastly, they're arguing that there aren't enough people going to the dog tracks anymore,
which is true.
And the tracks are losing lots of money becoming more of a burden to the state of anything.
Less than a year ago, the tracks tried to have slot machines installed.
But the Massachusetts Senate denied the request.
Well, that's pretty sad because even in Florida, even on the Stagie State like Florida,
they got the slots at Hollywood dog track.
Would you ever drive by there?
Wow.
All the time.
That neighborhood is just, what happened to that place?
What?
It's a cheap touristy, man.
It's Bohemian.
Bohemian?
Sure.
As in slum.
He used me.
Neil, as somebody who's opinion I respect, on US one, if you tell me that that's Bohemian,
it's the way it's always looked at.
No, it is not.
This is a tourist area with cheap French Canadians and stuff like that.
Well, that explains it.
Neil, as somebody who's opinion I respect, can you please tell me, what do you think about
the matter?
I don't care.
If you live here at this time, when you vote to close down all the dog tracks, Massachusetts,
and Adam's mass, James, no, I would not.
I like to gamble.
Okay, I like the dog.
In fact, I used to go to the dog track quite often.
And then like everybody else, I stopped going.
You know, it just became boring to me.
First time I ever went to the dog track, I won 700 bucks.
I had no idea what I was doing, how to bet.
I won 700 bucks.
I told you that.
But it's just, you know, pyramutials are all dying.
And without the slots, forget about it.
Forget about it.
Without the slots, man.
Where is the quarter of a schlock guy when we need him?
So we can always brains out if we can find him.
Stick the gun in his rectum.
Because I'm sure that must be where he's hiding him.
Oh, and when you hear this, oh my God, this is sad from a chef's sparky.
I think chef's sparky needs to pay a visit to old sparky.
Can we fire it up just one last time for old times sake?
Did I mention Godfather was on again yesterday?
Let me see if it's on that channel again right now.
I hope not.
The matrix is on.
With that classic queen, a candle reaves from Toronto.
When's he coming out?
Meet the Robinson's.
Is that about any Robinson?
The brave one.
Have you ever seen any of these?
No.
How she move?
Oh, and away from her.
Well, like I said, no Godfather.
Anyway, chef's sparky says, hey, Neal, I just want to put it in my vote for jigs,
McDonald as the best play by playboys in South Florida in history.
Oh, oh, that old hack.
Jugs, McDonald, you must be a sick man.
I'm the Jimmy simpleist thing.
Yeah, he's not very stimulating, but teaming with mad dog in the book makes it worth a listen.
Oh, Jesus.
God.
This is what happens to people when they've been cloistered in Florida, all their lives,
especially South Florida, and they never get out, they never got out of the house very much.
You feed them dog poop and they say, oh my God, that's the best chef I've ever had in my life.
That's like a prime for lay.
Oh, James Lewis was a Haitian guy now living in Atlanta.
Says Paul Newman said, want to ask her for the verdict greatest performance ever by an actor?
Do you see the verdict?
Maybe I did.
What a bit of a long time ago.
Maybe I do.
Maybe I do.
Maybe I do.
I don't die didn't see it.
I don't think Paul Newman was the greatest actor in any movie.
Although I didn't see it.
So how the hell can I judge?
I just was not a big Paul Newman fan.
He was just, you know, okay, it was this there.
It was kind of like kind of like what's his name Kevin Costner?
Okay, that's a shot.
Not as boring as Kevin Costner, but close.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Low key boring.
Like footies.
Footies got canned by the way, I would be done.
In the place of another, not 60 QA.
Not the radio I would be leader.
The best talent is the big O or Land of Elzugiri.
Afternoon to the board.
Sports radio 5 to 3 QA and M.
Yeah.
The sport.
She Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Oh, yeah.
Let's go.
Let's go.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm a player.
I'm a player.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So 45 at 516.
The interesting part of it is when Dave Lamont, Mr. Fart, Farton Smell, when he got
candid eye with Dave, we had a little bit of commentary about that.
There were some people all been out of shape and people, I don't know what they was going
on.
Now that footies got blown out, there hasn't been one email.
There hasn't been one call.
And by the way, I apologize for taking the calls.
Okay.
That was a bad mistake.
In fact, here's an email that says, those couple of calls you took made me want to stab
myself in both areas.
I agree a whole heartedly.
That's H.O.L.E.
Wholeheartedly.
What happened again soon?
Maybe someday, never say never.
But we took that poll on Friday and over the weekend and almost half the year or almost
a third, you know.
I don't care got a third and the email has got a little more than an email is one but not
by much.
Calls, we want the great calls.
When we get someone, let's you know.
Tracy and Kendall, who obviously need some very serious help, our good friend Tracy.
She says, my vote for tomorrow's poll would be local heat sportscaster Eric Reed, who you
call Mushmouth.
No, I never called him Mushmouth.
I said he talks to his teeth.
Oh, she haven't.
Oh, she haven't like Larry Kent used to do.
Oh, he's affected.
He would be very good if he didn't do that affectation thing.
But he does do it and that's a result.
And the idea that you would call Eric Reed the greatest sportscaster of all time indicates
to me there's a real and here it goes.
I think he does a great job even when the heat was the worst human league.
Also Jim Manish may not be the best, but he's entertained to listen to this.
There's only one problem with that, Tracy.
Jim Manish is not a play by play broadcaster, okay?
He doesn't do play by play.
All right.
Oh, Will Ferrell does a very funny imitation of Harry Kiran as best of SNL DVD as well as
the hilarious Jeopardy Skit you can Netflix it.
Have a great day.
You too Tracy, but you know nothing about this.
Stick this stuff you know something about.
Who is the greatest play by play sportscaster of all time?
Not the best color commentator.
Not who wears the flashiest suits like Don Cherry.
You know there are so many people out there wandering around who are toxic, okay?
I'm not saying Tracy.
Tracy is as clueless on this topic.
She just tried to be you know, when does a happy hand?
Nine hundred thirty nine votes on Fat Chris's pool.
He knows a thousand is in the bag.
It's in your grasp.
Nine forty one.
Of course we had a head start.
And you know this is one of those if it didn't get a thousand that means we're out of
business.
Remember I said that earlier.
We're still in business but just barely there ought to be like two million votes in his
pool.
Especially with that tremendous promotion we're getting now.
Remember one of those emails I forget what it was but they're like doing something.
Are they sandwich board something like that?
Not the station.
One of the listeners.
Oh.
Oh that's right it was on the thing about the HD radio I believe wasn't it?
Was it?
Yeah at the end of it it said Neil Rogers WQM.
What was one of the comments to that article which means nobody will read it.
Michael says first Jim Lera was terminal the way he was trying to get them to do it with each other.
Second that first section on the economy was absolutely terminal.
Absolutely.
Message to McCain which Barack should have delivered.
Our banks and financial markets aren't failing because of pork,
real spending in Congress.
Not that pork, real spending is a good thing but that's not what we're about to have great depression too.
So is Michael.
Good point Michael that's what he should have said.
All I crap about pork.
Even on Russia's show I wouldn't mind having a little pork you know like a little on the
front worst.
Broadway's sure.
Or pork chop.
Pork salad Annie.
I will.
Did pork salad Annie.
Billy Bob, Jim Bob somebody like that.
Pork salad Annie.
Red Necky song.
Not as red Necky as Jimmy Buffett.
You got it?
Pork salad Annie?
I know you got it because you played it.
Tony Joe White.
Tony Joe White.
All right is Tony Joe White?
No.
I don't think.
I don't think.
We'll have to wait until that song gets popular in the field.
One of those greatest hits.
All time marginal hits.
One hit one.
I wonder.
I saw me on there.
I've been down south to my house.
A little bit of back.
I saw John the Stan.
I'm telling the bank.
Tony.
What are you talking about?
I don't think he's white.
I don't think he's white.
Down there we have a plant that grows out of the woods.
No, I should just say boy.
Look some like a turn green.
Okay, it's not.
Pork salad Annie.
I didn't hear Linda Ronstead's name on the poll.
Would you please add her to the list?
Or we're not doing that poll yet.
I just mentioned the fact that somebody sent in this poll or that poll or whatever about somebody's poll.
I wonder if Brady Quinn is listening.
You failed.
God was that a horrendous game or what?
Chris did you see any of that?
Oh, I just dropped my pile on the floor.
Oh, no.
Oh, it is zester.
There's a space between the board and the counter.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
And I got all my pile stacked up in front of me here.
And it just, every once in a blue moon about once every four months that happens.
And I'm with my feet.
I'm recovering the pile with my feet.
I'm retrieving it.
Oh, oh, you know what I need?
Help.
Cleats for my feet.
Oh.
Oh, oh.
Oh, there we go.
I just got a big, big load of papers here now.
That big load.
God.
What does this one say?
Just wanted to let you know it, George.
I called in sick to work to them, saying, listening.
And I'm about to fire up my bonn.
Well, that's good.
Have a good time.
Who likes information?
They don't care.
Do we care?
Like I said, America's attitudes about the smoking dope is so juvenile and childish.
And you know what it is?
It's the repression.
We're worried about the big depression.
I'm worried about the repression.
That bit we play victim or recession.
We're victims of repression is what we are.
Here's one that says, got to put Moa Howard David on the pole.
No, we don't got to go down.
And we ain't gonna got to go down.
How do you like that?
And let me say it again, Zach.
Got to go up and I've done.
That was the end of the Joe Rose show as we knew it.
Joe was doing a fine job.
And then all of a sudden, got to go down and move up and I've done that.
That crap.
That was the end.
Zach is, he's still on the payroll over there.
Him and Joel Feinberg are still meeting in Motel's around three every afternoon.
Anyway, he was a huge debag, meaning Moa, but he was actually a decent announcer.
The pole isn't, who was a decent announcer?
They're, everybody who was a decent announcer.
That's what they do.
Name a name.
Yeah, that's right.
Give me a name of somebody who was, and some of these names aren't even played by play people like Mad Dog.
Don't do a pizza topping pole because somebody already took the pizza.
Doi doi doi doi doi.
See that? That's this guy.
I'm obsessed.
Oh, I'm obsessed.
I'm obsessed.
Maybe we'll send you the Moa Howard blow up doll.
Or how about that key chain?
I gotta hear somewhere.
Oh, where's my key chain?
Here it is.
Now, I bet you're gonna have to dump it if it's to that one, you know?
Yeah.
You see, that was okay.
It wasn't the A-hole one.
It was the A-hole sanit, but it wasn't the A-hole drop-in.
Bruce says, good to hear you online.
Up here if you mentioned LaShonotova, you'll get the phone number of Obama's local campaign manager.
This is Richmond, Virginia, land of no great rear.
Isn't that great?
Wishing you a happy, healthy and ziz-in-new year.
PS can't wait for Circus when we can all bench it later and Bob on it.
Yeah, Bob on this.
Oh, there's Paul Newman again from...
Can't on a hot tin roof want Paul Newman his first Oscar nomination in 1958?
Paul Newman would win his only Oscar in 1986.
That's when he reprised the role of the hustler, fast Eddie, in the color of money.
Great.
Here's the guy with a bong.
Boy, just tons of stuff.
Oh, here's that article about the pull.
Barack Obama leads John McCain 50 to 42% among registered voters in the latest Gallup-pull daily trafficking.
Trafficking.
Dracking for Thursday, Friday and Saturday.
Just a point, Tribe is stronger showing you the year.
These results span the time period since John McCain made the announcement it was temporarily suspending his campaign.
And returning to Washington to work for a bipartisan solution which he had nothing to do with, by the way.
In fact, he sat in the oral office and in accordance with reports, he said nothing.
And since Congressional leaders first announced progress to the resolution of the financial bailout bill.
bailout the rich, steal from the poor.
Results also include one complete day, Saturday, after the first presidential debate Friday night.
McCain had reached a point where he was tied with Obama earlier this week, but Obama's gains steadily each of the last three days reports.
Overall, Obama's gained four points over the last three days.
And eight points swing in the gap.
The full impact of the debate this afternoon, after Matthew will not be reflected in the tracking data till tomorrow,
which will be based on interviewing conducted Saturday, Sunday and Monday.
Still, Gallup's one day read on the standing of the two candidates on Saturday suggests that Obama held a lead over McCain among registered voters Friday night, just as he had for the two previous nights.
But a bit, but a bit about Florida's neck and neck by the way, it's known to know, but I'm sure that your governor,
Limpere is a Chris will find a way to steal it for a McCain, just like they did for a W.
The fix is in just remember that if it's close, which it's certainly ought to be, but if it's close to the L steal or third neural.
And the mainstream media will say, oh my god, John McCain is the comeback kid.
He came back to win the Republican nomination when they thought his campaign was dead and he came back when they thought he was dead.
And they stole another election.
That's the only way they can win you do understand that, don't you?
I do.
I keep as many dark folks home as possible and rig the machines, man.
That's what we need to find is our good machine.
That'd be a good poll to take. Where's the best place to find a good machine in the voting booth or at the casino at the race.
No.
How's Chris doing at the Gulf Stream?
Who where? Check out these drawings. They're drawn on a regular flat sidewalk.
Google John Julian beaver and go to his home page says Jeff.
Well, first of all, Jeff, there aren't any drawings. There's no attachment here. There's no nothing. Check out these drawings.
He told you to Google.
Oh, no thanks. I don't like people that send me work. Talk about that.
Oh, look at this.
Be fair, Neil about McCain, not looking at Obama after all.
Barack is a black man asking for change. Isn't that cute? That very cute.
Spare some change, mister.
King of Heaven. He's coming from 7.00913.
4.305. 60 QAM.
8.4. Leader.
The biggest names of this talent.
You're listening to sports radio 5.60. WQAM.
I am a Ford Lauderdale.
It's the one to two hour.
What's the name of this song?
The song is called The New Year.
Anybody here?
Seen Jackhead from home.
Here his orange jumpsuit and the darung.
He's screwed a lot of people for thieves.
Sometimes get caught.
I got it for writing.
Neil comes.
Anybody here?
Seen good question, Dopson.
He'll be moral about their time.
He's not depicted yet, but truth before he's done.
Taking a shower with his son.
He visualizes what the White House is before.
Horrible is Christian to know what's best.
Or you and me.
A grave of all bad news.
He was in some deep room.
In other words, you'd be anybody here.
Please say your time to live here.
For the scalp of the hogs of hoys.
These kinds of slime I've been done with can't pay why.
Averum of doubt and time.
You fare one, two, five, six, eight, eight, eight, eight.
Big one to two hours are lead into the rock solid.
Astonishing big O.
Astonishing only because he's still on ear.
Here's an email that says,
leaves Channel 10 to retire.
Then goes to Chief Channel and didn't leave a woman
at the altar spelled ALT-ER.
Jimmy civilis?
Yes.
So what's the point?
What is the point?
I don't get it.
He didn't retire.
He didn't do it.
Hey, Jimmy.
You're ferries.
He's terrible.
He's awful.
Speaking of awful people,
I'm not saying Jimmy's an awful person.
He's just awful on ear.
Terrible.
No test.
By the way, how about footy?
Anybody missing footy yet?
Who?
Footsy.
And what are we going to do about those poles, man?
I guess we're going to have to do those all.
We did the one about the burger toppings.
That was bad.
It was actually good.
I thought.
Thanks, Brandon.
Didn't you think it was good?
It was all right.
What about you, Chris?
You think it was okay?
It was okay.
It wasn't as good as paper or plastic.
Or the one that you did one time.
What did you just say?
What?
What?
And then I just had a whole bunch of stuff on it.
Oh, I got one.
How about?
Why?
There you go.
A sequel.
What?
Why?
How?
Who?
When?
Where?
Which?
Who's your daddy?
Which.
Oh, let's get that witcher doctor.
Let's get the syrup.
Who's a witch doctor hunting pastor?
Looking 10 and fit wearing a suit and tie,
former Broward Sherriff Ken Jenny,
walked out of a federal detention center
in downtown Miami this morning
to begin his life after prison.
Christ, I thought he just went in.
Didn't you?
Yeah.
Wasn't there a lot of...
The former Sherriff left out of a back door
just after 10.30 this morning,
and stepped into a black SUV.
I'm just looking forward to being with family and friends,
Danny, told the Crusher reporters,
acquitted Channel 10.
He gave no prepared statement
and after his comment about family,
closed the door and headed off.
Jenny spent 10 and a half months
in prison for corrupting his orifice,
but Jenny 61 must still serve another year
under the supervision of the U.S. probation orifice.
Rumors have been flying for months
after four Lododails.
Rothstein, Rosenthal Adler,
will hire Jenny as a rainmaker and lobbyist.
As a rainmaker?
Hmm.
Well, what does that mean?
As a rainmaker?
The Florida bar has banned him
from working as a lawyer for five years,
but it could hold other positions at Lodfern.
As a rainmaker?
I don't know.
Maybe he's going to be a rainman.
Scott Rothstein said that he'll call Jenny,
but won't discuss the job offered till Jenny is ready.
Right now, I think he really needs to constipate
on his family and himself, Rothstein said.
Rothstein said he had talked to Jenny
about working for his politically connected Lodfern
in the past.
I was teased him when he was finally out of politics.
I would suck him right back in.
Rothstein said, boy, what a line that is.
Mm-hmm.
Woo!
Rothstein said he and Jenny are long time friends,
despite the fact that Rothstein describes himself
as a hard-nosed Republican,
and Jenny is a long-time Democrat.
Rothstein said Jenny would be a perfect addition
to his law firm, which does political consulting
on both sides of the aisle,
but is more entrenched on the Republican side,
self-hating Jew.
But today won't be a day of job hunting for Jenny.
He's going to kick back and relax at his son, Evan Jenny.
Evan said that his phone had been ringing off Thurks
since 7 a.m. from Friends of Modos checking in
on the Jenny family.
Are you calm?
No.
Shoke.
What an absolute puff piece.
In the herald, of course, puff piece.
Somebody for the Apple for tomorrow
in the Sports Yacquers list, Bob Prince
with an exclamation point is if he's not on there already.
What is wrong with you people?
You think I should read a whole list again?
No.
No.
They do that to us all the time.
All the time.
Maybe if we put some of the names on there
like four or five times, then they'd get it.
What about Kirk Gowdy?
I had an email saying the same thing.
Yeah.
And then Eric Reed.
Oh, how about Greg Reed?
There you go.
Greatest Schlock Meister of all time.
Now you're talking.
Robert Goldman, your friend from Carisoba, Israel,
says, Happy New Year, Sean Atoba,
taking the time out from running around like a chicken on acid
to wish you all very happy and healthy New Year's
from all of us in Carisoba, Sean Atoba.
Well, thanks a lot, Robert.
And for A-Hood Olmert and Ariel Sharon
who ain't feeling too good, Coxa Hoys.
How's Ariel doing?
He's still in a vegetative state?
Yeah.
Oh, he's in Florida?
What that was her name that was in the vegetative state?
I forgot already.
Terry Shival.
Terry Shival, see?
Forgot.
I don't know.
I'll say.
No, we have to, we have to suspend Congress.
We have to go back and, oh, God.
The media makes it possible for them to do these ass-in-eign things.
The media. You people in the media, you're crazy, you're sick.
You're responsible for every unnecessary death in the world.
All the dead soldiers, all the dead Iraqis, all the suicide bombing victims.
In fact, I think that's what the suicide bombing is all about,
the protest of that media, when surprised me.
Be enough to go to CNN with a damn bomb stuffed under my belt.
Walk in the right in the middle of Wolf Blitzkrieg.
I just hope Jack Cafferty ain't in the same studio.
They're not in the same studio, right?
I don't know.
No, I don't think they're even in the same city.
I think Cafferty's in New York and Wolf is in Atlanta.
Good place for you, Wolf.
I hope the goi-am come and linch your ass.
You far-bison.
Here's one who says, I don't know what the actual title is, but-
Oh, here you go, you're gonna go nuts.
You're gonna go crazy when you hear this.
All right.
Not sure what the actual title is, but can you add a how many years of history to kneel's noises?
Haven't seen it on-
Sure.
I don't.
Haven't seen it any of the best of this, and there's not telling when,
if ever you'll have a new disc, thanks.
That's right.
Never.
There is telling you.
There's gone by, is there any of it?
The answer is no.
We can't add it to kneel's noises, and no.
Right, and if we could, we would.
Right.
Oh, but we want to have-
I just like to get a one speaking in tongues.
Is there any way for me to get it?
No.
No.
Listen to the radio bag nicely.
Yeah, listen when we play it again.
I'll play it again in a couple of minutes.
All these people who think that we're here, and it's like a comedy bit on demand.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I want it.
I want it.
What are you not going to have it?
There's no way to get it.
Right.
No way.
Lauren says, I've-
No, you've been a fan of Burton coming this for a long while.
Yeah, until I sat next to him at Woodbine, and he actually like a jerk.
I won a lot of money, too.
That machine man, him and his daughter or girlfriend, whoever that I like to check was,
their machines were like, just spitting out the coins.
That's back in the coin days.
Just pouring out the money.
And I'm sitting there plunging and plunging my guts out feeding a dead machine,
which I used to do in the beginning.
That's one thing I don't do no more.
I learned my lesson.
That's why I win a little more often now than I used to do a lot more often.
Because I don't feed a dead machine man.
And I'd get a spin, which would usually be like 25 or 30 bucks under wheel of torture.
Oh, he's got another one.
Oh, he's got-
And I just wanted to like reach over and just show about 15 of those coins right down his throat.
That would have-
That would have fixed his voice pretty good.
Anyway, Burton Cummings has a new CD coming out in November 4th.
On Election Day, day before my birthday.
Not sure if it will be only released in Canada, but it's on Sony BMG.
Why would it only be released in Canada, Lauren?
Because he's Canadian.
Oh, I see.
So in other words, Avril Lavigne, her music is only released in Canada?
No, she's a big star.
And Rush?
They're big stars.
Oh.
Two cuts are being released simultaneously.
One of those songs we just came from the USA is pretty decent.
The link to the Sony e-card site above is two videos of him recording.
Anyway, thought you might be interested in Avril Lavigne.
Thanks, Lauren.
He's an A-hole.
But that don't mean his music isn't good.
He's got a great voice.
If I shouldn't he be on the-
What's the question again?
The best voice?
No.
The most beautiful voice.
I wouldn't say he's got a beautiful voice.
Beautiful sound.
Yeah.
How about David Gates?
Sure.
He had a beautiful voice.
Oh.
Mouth like butter.
You got any David Gates in bread?
No, no.
I got David Gates without bread or with bread.
You tell me how you want your bread.
You know, like I know you're on the adkins, so if you want it without bread,
so here it is without bread.
So if I have any hits without bread?
Yes, he did.
You did?
Sure.
Two.
This is this is one and the other one is the Goodbye Girl,
which I won't play if you hold a gun to my head.
Who good talk up there in the-
Who good talk up there in the-
Who good talk up there in the-
Who good talk up there in the-
Who good talk up there in the-
Seriously?
Did you you really-
Don't mind the song
You got a key
Everybody Shake Trevor.
And everybody me.
And everyone in the know how
No, he's part of a lot.
Real heavy blastings.
We get what he's saying, so.
Oh, phone set.
No, he's going to go.
Let's train the sunshine today.
Oh, there.
Get out of here.
We had to go through all of that for that.
That was it.
Got some bread.
Give us some bread.
Give us our daily bread for Christ's sake.
That was, that was a beautiful voice.
Sounded spastic.
They have a favorite bread, so something like that.
I think I've got something.
Oh, and here comes the beautiful voice.
If this is, if this is, if, if only, if only, if only,
I'd go with a trick over his ass on the way in the door.
Two and a half years ago.
We still might be in business.
If only Joyce would run into the front of a railroad car.
It would be good.
If a picture paints a thousand words, then why can't I?
What a beautiful voice.
And what an ugly guy, too.
I don't know.
I guess he was.
He was.
He was.
I'm sure he's still is.
Haven't seen the baby open.
I think I'll rock these guys.
They don't want to spend one day awake up and look really good.
He's the guy.
He's the guy.
He's the guy.
He's the best town of New York.
He's the largest.
He's the biggest five sixty-cuey in the North.
Leader.
For the biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We came morning seven days.
Sports Radio five sixty-cuey in sports.
Leader.
Yeah.
You're fair.
Yeah.
You're fair.
Yes, you see.
Yes.
That's a good name.
Hello.
I'm the general manager of this radio station.
And today is Rosh Hashanah, the Jewish New Year.
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths, we've
brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting for the
New Year.
Hey, hey.
Happy New Year.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey, that's it.
Go home.
Okay.
Say her back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Rosh Hashanah with their greatest hits album, Suck Top of the Synagogue.
My whereby's second quarter, Super-Sexified.
My name is Mara Barat-E-Bang.
Yes, Rosh Hashanah and I is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of Hoss and Hebrew Higins.
That God is good.
