No person of this program would have reproduced about these projects.
Do you say Hank is thanking?
The WTAM Beepie-Brite has been thanking.
The biggest name.
Something.
Let me tell you.
You said you'd always be.
The sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lotherdale.
We've been doing this for five sixty WQAM.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Detraught to Neil.
Got a 560 WQAM.
I'm called for really.
87785 Neil.
Or pound 560 WQAM.
18T.
And Verizon wireless phones.
The opinion expressed by Neil.
His guess or his college.
Do not represent those in the New Year.
No, no, no, no, no.
Stand over sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers Show.
Unified 60 WQAM.
Use something.
Use something.
You barely.
What kind of day is Thomas elected?
With the best chance.
Against new lecturers.
He married 16 years and never cheated.
What kind of day?
You're not going to be to get your help.
I know he can win.
Someone for Hillary.
Hillary Clinton.
She's got a cut.
She can't buy her a band.
And she can't do, no one can, and she's blonde.
And a lawyer, a dude just ain't the father-laws.
She'll push through, get out that balance right in.
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
Her mate's a don't-currest, that's true.
But he ain't the nothing I push, I have to try to argue.
You got to kind of date, the final TV, but not high.
It's fine, I have Hillary, but early, but often.
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
She's a good political wise, a mystery.
Who outside your husband's just like Hillary?
A meld that we impact on.
And even for all the next Hillary Clinton, they're all out show.
But early, but often.
For Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
H-I-D-L-A-R-Y.
Hillary, Hillary, she's our guy.
The great state of Arkansas, she looks like she got off the set of L.A. law.
And that's totally cool by me.
To vote for Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton.
What, she's got some more issues.
Let me tell you, she's got a real problem with the truth, but nevertheless.
10 out of 2 at 560 W.K.M.
George is back with us, why better flip the new schedule here.
Are you excited to be back to work?
Thrills like you don't even know.
With all the rain and the wind, the house is blowing away.
Everything's blown away, that's the billions.
But it's not even offshore now.
I looked in the radar just to make you feel like it's flying in beautiful.
Oh yeah, great, that's flying in beautiful.
Oh my God, you people all belong in prison.
All you, even Fat Candy Coway.
Man, oh man, they are just sick.
Now, last night, in fact, they hit it one hour of it.
I think I'm Wednesday night, which I watched since he and in this special report on the assassination of Martin Luther King.
And hosted by the Virgin Journalist, Soledad O'Brien.
Oh my God.
That's who they told me right off the bat how good it was going to be.
And I had potential.
I mean, they told some interesting things.
And they put it out some interesting things, and then I went nowhere.
So I watched the whole two hours last night, at the end of the two hours, it went nowhere.
And she said, wow, but it moved, but it moved, but it popped, but it popped, but it popped.
And it's petty thief, but could he have done it?
And of course, me know he did.
Yeah, sure we do.
They spent two hours basically mostly debugging the idea that he killed Martin Luther King.
And then, but there was somebody unanswered questions.
It was so poorly done.
Like if he didn't, if he had nothing to do with it, and he didn't fire the shots, then why did he flee from Memphis?
Why did he like a Vamu's?
Why did he come to Toronto and then go on to London and go on to...
Yeah.
All of these...
A lot of unanswered questions and no answers.
I'm not expecting that they would have solved it last night there on the show, but at least come up with something a little more substantive, but they didn't do it.
Because they had that Virgin Journalist, Soledad was doing this report.
Soledad.
Well, Soledad.
And Soledad, your buddy, Ricky Tiki Sanchez, was hyperventilating about that...
Oh boy.
About those polygamists in Texas, you know?
Uh huh.
Hyperventilated.
Babu, babu, babu, babu, babu.
If they ever do another where we make a Dracula man, he'd be perfect.
Babu, babu, babu.
It's the media for it.
So anyway, now of course, the new thing is, although I'm not seeing that much about it, I would have thought they would have peed all over me a little bit more.
Maybe they're too embarrassed.
Holy Moses, baby, Chuck Heston is dead at 84.
Let's have a party.
Who's the last person that died?
And we said, let's have a party.
We're not that long ago.
Oh, it was William Metpuckley.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Well, Birds of a Feather.
Right, Wingers of a Feather act, streams together.
All under talking about how Chuck Heston was a great civil rights worker.
And he went off the tracks a little later on.
Whatever he did earlier, he more than made up for it later on with his...
And nobody is mentioning the fact that Michael Moore made a total jackass out of him with his polyester pants in Bolin for Columbine.
I haven't seen it.
I haven't seen it.
Well, they don't mention that.
Too embarrassing.
Too embarrassing, the fact that he made a fool out of himself.
Do you son of a bitch?
Yeah.
Charles Vanesta won the 59 Best Act of Oscar as the chariot racing Ben Hur and portrayed Moses.
Michael Angelo, L. Sid and other hero figures in the movie, Epics of the 50s and 60s, has died.
He was 84.
The actor died Saturday night at his home in Beverly Hills with his wife Lidie at his side.
Charles and Heston were seen by the world as larger than life.
He was known for his chisel job, broad shoulders and resonating voice and a course for the roles he played.
And for that clip where he's saying for my cold dead hands, and he's holding that rightful up,
he's not a cold and dead now.
I guess you can pull the rifle out.
Heston's family said in a statement, no one could ask for a four life than his.
No man could have given more to his family to his profession and to his country from my cold dead hands.
Heston revealed in 2002 that he had symptoms consistent with Alzheimer's disease saying,
I must reconcile courage and surrender in equal measure.
Is that interesting that too old the Hollywood hacks?
Ronald Reagan and Charles Heston too write ring hacks both the diet of the same thing and interesting?
Maybe the Lord works in mysterious ways.
With his large muscular build well-boned face and sonorous voice,
Heston proved the ideal start during the period when Hollywood was filling movie screens with panoramas,
depicting the religious and historical and historical past.
I have a face that belongs in another century, he often marked.
Oh yeah.
Published in Michael Levine who represented Heston for about 20 years said the actress passing represented the end of an iconic era for cinema.
If Hollywood had him out rushed more Heston's face would be on it, Levine said,
I thought more like his ass would be on it.
From my cold dead hands.
The actress in the role of leader off screen as well as served as president of the screen actors,
golden cheerleader, American film institute, and marched in the civil rights movement of the 50s.
With age he grew more conservative and campaigned for conservative candidates.
In 98, in June of 98, Heston was elected president national rifle association for which he had posed for ads holding a rifle.
He delivered a jab with then president Clinton saying,
America doesn't trust you with our 21-year-old daughters and we sure Lord don't trust you with our guns.
Heston stepped down his an array present April 2003 telling members his five years in office were,
quite a ride, I love it every minute of it. He never met a gun he didn't love.
Later that year he was awarded the presidential medal of freedom nations, high civic and honor.
The largeness of character that comes across the screen has also been seen throughout his life.
President Mouf said at the time, that's Mouf 1.
That crook.
America has lost a great patriot. The second member has lost a faithful friend,
said the lunatic Wayne Loppier of the National Rifle Association.
So have I, he said, so four million NRA members and 80 million gun owners,
and so as every American who cares about the Billerbytes individual liberty and freedom, don't eff with our guns.
Don't, that's with our guns, gosh dang it.
Heston engaged in a lengthy feud with liberal Ed Asner during the later,
ten years' presence of the screen actor's guilt.
His letter to activism almost overshadowed his achievements as an actor which were considerable.
Heston led this strong presence as some of the most acclaimed and successful films of the mid-century.
Then her 11 Academy Awards tying it for the record with the more recent Titanic in Lord of the Rings.
Heston's other hits include the Ten Commandments, L. Sid, 55 Days at P. King,
Time of the 8 Cent Earthquake.
You'd like to cite the number of historical figures he had portrayed.
Andrew Jackson and the President slated the Buckeneer, Moses and the Ten Commandments,
the title role of L. Sid, John DeVaptis, greatest story ever told,
Michelangelo, the agony in the ecstasy.
General Gordon, the cartoon, I wonder if he knew that Michelangelo was gay?
That would have been bad.
Mark Anthony, Julius Caesar, Anthony and Cleopatra, Cardinal Richelieu, the three most gateres,
and Henry VIII Prince of the Popper.
Film producer Hal Wallace, Cassablanca, spotted Heston, the 50 TV production of Wuthering Heights,
offered him a contract.
When his wife were invited and they decided for Sotheda, the TV he replied,
well, maybe just for one film to see what it's like.
And it goes on, on, on, on, dark city, this city.
Oh, it's like 8,000 pages of this.
Do we care?
No, let's just have that party and say screw it.
Sure.
He is dead, Chuck Heston, senile, right wing, insensitive, old lunatic, a maniac.
But nevertheless, I think what they had to do in his honor is just show that clip of that interview
with Michael Moore and him from going for a column.
I just showed over and over again.
And then you have to share, show him, waddling back into the house and closing the door
and Michael Moore's face.
Remember that?
With this spandex pants?
Oh, I think that what he was talking about, the difference between Canadian and American culture.
Remember that?
What he was trying to say?
This is the great civil rights marcher while he chatted, chained your heart, I guess.
Because what he was really trying to say is, well, you know, in America, we got so many more schwarzes
than they got up there is what he was trying to say.
But he didn't say that because that would have been bad.
Here's the poor result from Friday.
If I had the time I would learn another language, 346, and look at the vote total on their
George, 2,980 votes.
Wow.
Well, on whatever day it was, we had Zach had at the end of the, it was April Fool's Day.
Correct.
Who's the?
So we had to put a million votes, tacked that out the end of the show.
So Josh Cordis on Friday, not to be out done, of course, always wanting to one up everybody
else being a hot shot that he is.
Oh, I want 2 million votes.
In America, of course, can do whatever we want.
We had 980 votes.
If I had the time I would learn another language, 346, to play an instrument 208, more about
investing 96, more about history 53, more about Jesus 36, scuba diving, how to program
myself on 28, Carpentry 27, like Jesus, how to play golf 26, how to manage my anger 24,
silent with 20, then you can communicate with George.
That's right.
The Corrine 18, divided motorcycle 17, to play craft 16, to drive a stick shift 11, stick
it, stick it in the ticket.
Corrola blade 9 to do my own taxes 8 and the same, so lamentation yet, the only 7, one
of saying.
Our poll today is, it is what it is.
Thanks Brandon, it's not great, but at least it's a poll, you know what I mean?
We're starting to run.
Although Charlie B is back and he promised he's going to send you a whole bunch of polls
today, and he's very wounded and certainly kind of an email that he sent me on my
space on Thursday or Friday.
Oh gee, I just get back from two months enough.
First thing I hear, you're ripping me an ass.
Yeah, that poll about sandwich filling, man, that was good.
Not as good as Wix got the best burger in town.
I think Futsi is still doing that, I believe.
You know, Futsi Futsi?
Well, you tell me, you're the only one that looks at that.
Well, I do because I want to make sure that he's still okay.
I know, Futsi Futsi with the red nose.
You should say you thank you.
You're welcome.
We got the Jürk Show at 2-2 this afternoon, man.
$4 until 650.
At 650, we got first pitch with Jesse Ager, the Marlon Free Game Report for 10 minutes,
five minutes of which are a spots.
Seven of the way that's Dolphins all asses, and then eight the clocky got your college hoops,
the championship game.
I bet you we're going to be tuned into that, or maybe people will care, we'll be watching it on TV.
What do you think, Chris?
Um, I'll...
No.
You're an old D.A.Y.
As you seek, as you say.
You're the son of a bitch.
And now, a song from former New York governor, Elliot Spitzer.
When I went online to find a date, I saw your face.
She was looking great, and you're worth 4,000 bucks, and now aren't you?
Uh-huh.
Profile says you do it all, so I grabbed my phone and made the call.
Let's meet at the Mayflower, so I can do you.
Wanna do you?
Wanna do you?
Uh-huh.
Wanna do you?
Wanna do you?
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
Wanna do you?
Wanna do you?
Wanna do you?
Wanna do you?
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
I gave you an answer, and you were my favorite girl.
Oh, right.
Tonight at 5.60 W.Q.A.M., let's take a look in today's poll if we must.
512 votes on here. It's another one of those Monday polls, man.
They start out with a very low number on here.
Chris, sorry, you're not gonna make no thousand.
Oh well.
Play another game.
Anyway, here's the poll.
If you knew you were gonna die tomorrow, what would your last meal be?
512 votes. I like when we get to the salad. That's my favorite.
Just a little salad.
A little Italian dressing.
Stake, a big juicy steak, 129. Lobster 110.
Italian food 60. Like at the Bakanal and Susie's Palace in Vegas.
Yeah, big Italian feast, where there's like 80 tons of fat.
And the chick's poor wine in your mouth.
Pizza 50.
Seafood 39.
Big bowl of ice cream 29. See, branded with all due respect.
Shouldn't be a big bowl like a tub of ice cream with marshmallow and hot fudge and whipped cream and like that.
29.
Burger and fries 22.
Deli 20. Oh yeah.
Mexican food 20.
Chinese food 13. A cake 10. The whole thing.
A pie 8.
Like one of the mother humper pies from Denys.
Wouldn't that be something? Oh, my last supper I had Denys.
Haha.
And then I killed myself.
A salad for chicken 3 and candy only 2.
This audience is not big on candy.
Anytime we take a food pool, candy is always at or near the bottom.
Right. Near the block bottom.
523 votes.
And the crystal take whatever we can get today.
The first presidential campaign of Democrats, swillery Clinton was in crisis mode today.
After her top strategist was forced to quit a minute of political firestorm sparked by disclosure of his lobbying ties to Columbia.
The departure of Mark Penn rattled the campaign, struggling to match the soaring clary and call for hope and change united by Barack Obama who leads her in nominating contest wins and popular vote as they tussled for the party's nomination.
Penn quit after admitting the erred by meeting his capacity as a Washington lobbyist with Columbia diplomats who backed a trade deal with the U.S. that Clinton opposes.
I'm going to I better blow my nose.
Yeah.
No, I just it's that changes season.
No, I don't.
Yeah, there you go.
Penn is the top executive in U.S. public relations firm, Berson Marsiller, and is his own consulting firm.
His stick contacts book was one of the factors that prompted Obama to claim Clinton's White House bid was fueled by a bankrupt Washington political system that had failed to irritate people.
He had also been criticized for framing Clinton's electoral message with which positioners the candidate of experience while Obama, a 46 year old Illinois Senator, claimed a mantra of change.
After the events of the last few days, Mark Penn was asked to go up his role as chief strategist of the Clinton campaign, Clinton campaign manager Maggie Williams said in the statement.
Williams herself only took over in February replacing Patty Solis Doyle as campaign manager after an internal tumult in the face of pressure from repeated victories by Obama.
AIDS said Penn's consulting company would carry on providing polling to Clinton's campaign as she struggles to catch up with Illinois Senator the party's intense White House race, not going to happen, Solary.
It was revealed last week that Berson Marsiller was hired by Bogartata to promote a free trade pact between Columbia and the U.S., a treaty which Clinton has opposed to did.
Penn said last week he made an error in judgment in meeting with the Colombian ambassador to the U.S. Carolina Barco on March 31 and said he would make the same mistake again.
Columbia retaliated by firing Berson Marsiller, saying in a statement that considers the lack of respect to Colombians and finds this response unacceptable.
Berson Marsiller's work for Columbia raised conflict of interest questions for Clinton's campaign as she had fivously worked with the core working class votes in states which believed the free trade as hammered their manufacturing base.
She's talking out of both sides of her ass as usual.
Clinton triumphed in the Ohio primaries last month and a victory credited with reviving her White House campaign which full suggested was based on backing from white blue collar voters attracted by her populist economic message.
The alleged inequities of free trade have become campaigned fodder as Obama Clinton battled out on the way to the Pennsylvania primary April 22.
That's only 15 days away, two weeks from tomorrow.
Aren't you getting all whipped up about that?
Oh yeah, I'm terribly whipped.
Penn's departure had been rumors early as January when Clinton lost the Leopold nominee contest Nywa to Obama and was involved in a furious confrontation for the nomination.
Penn came to prominence during former President Bill Clinton's Trump and reelection effort in 1996.
Sixth, he also advised the former first lady when she captured a Senate seat in 2000.
He's just another crook baby. That's what it's all about. All crooks. They're all on the take. All the big sham in a scam.
And we're just pawns like it's like the world is a big chess game and we're just pawns, right?
You got it.
So have a good time and enjoy yourself. Screw your brains out. Have a great lunch and dinner. Have a like a banana split.
Oh, you missed some really good food on Thursday, brother.
So I heard Crystal say it from Lou Seals.
And we sold them out 100 of them in 29 minutes. Did Chris say it?
No. Although he did not bring the banana split, which is good because Zach was there on Thursday and he's on a new diet.
Yeah.
They also made some executive decisions regarding I heard that story.
That's what made some executive decisions that they were going to be talking about the beast that they would go back to talk about sports.
Because clearance had a meeting and ripped them and asked because clearance in the beast are tight as a snare drum.
Tight as a witches.
Rectome ass.
And as a result, Clarence, though, you know, he's a plain butcher boss again.
Oh, we don't talk about this and don't talk about that. We want a lot more horse racing.
So Georgia is going to be a gallstream again, Friday.
Didn't I?
Back by popular.
I know, but apparently this derby season is going on or something.
The derby season?
Isn't that what?
Well, Kentucky Derby coming up on March, or maybe or whatever.
Well, they're Saturday and May.
They're promotionally horse racing intensive and they like us.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
Maybe tarot.
Maybe tarot will be there again.
That's all he cares about.
Is some hot chicks going to be there?
No, I care about the money.
It's like I saw last night that the greatest movie of all time was on again.
What's it called?
Oh, um, the covenant.
Yeah, there's a covenant.
That's a very good.
Thanks for it.
With Steven straight.
I'm told I got to get a copy of 10,000 BC for you in the movie that was out in theaters here just recently.
Yeah, why is that?
Because he's in it.
Oh, is he in a wine cloth the whole time?
Calm down.
I'm working on it now.
Covenant, if you haven't seen that movie, I would like plant yourself right in front of the TV.
Actually, it is pretty good.
I mean, it's Cornwall, you know, maybe the cheeseman will bring a copy to the station.
The cheeseman, he's got magical movie acquiring powers.
Who's the cheeseman?
That's it.
That's his name right there.
He knows who he is.
Some of the words you've got in contact.
He just wrote about a movie and like magically the cheeseman.
Now, the movie you're talking about, what is it called?
Rotally new 10,000 BC.
Mm-hmm.
And it was out in theaters recently.
I don't think it is anymore.
It was supposed to have sucked.
Not that that's going to bother you, considering what's his name's going to be in a loin cloth.
Mm-hmm.
What are you trying to say?
I would watch it just because he's in there like almost naked on the other movie.
Covenant?
Yes, yes.
That's the whole purpose of the movie, Covenant.
It's just to have a bunch of hot people running around almost naked.
Mostly guys, though.
You might like it.
It's got a story.
It's got one of those supernatural kind of like weirdo.
It's okay.
I'll wait.
500.
Maybe I'll send you a copy just to force you to want to go to the other movie.
I'll go.
The best out of this new project, 4.2560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Oh, good.
Hello, Godna.
Allow me to introduce myself.
I'm Britney Spears, are you?
Now, it's come to my attention that a bunch of jokes is running away outside and I've got
a fake British accent.
But, looks.
It's a bunch of good jokes.
It's a bit small if it is.
I'm as American as kidney pie.
If I is, one more wiker complaining about me company.
That's going to be a right dust up and bumps your ankles.
Hip-Hit, chevy-o, and bother off the lot of you.
1032-560-WQM.
Happy Monday to April the 7th, baby.
There must be something really significant on this day.
4.7, doesn't it?
Is this a date you're going for me?
I know December 7th.
Yeah.
What about the Helsinki Day mile?
That's coming up pretty soon, too.
Sure, mark that on the calendar.
Yeah.
It's already marked, I think.
It's what?
It's already marked, I think.
We have five now, say, shallad would be their last five on a little shallad.
That's all.
I'm going to die tomorrow.
Let's have a little shallad so I don't want to feel bloated.
Maybe a good salad, you know, with some sprouts.
It's a good salad.
It's a good salad.
You know, they had it maneros.
Those nice, rye.
And Helen Day.
Was it maneros?
I don't know.
No, that wasn't it.
I think the aneros was in West Palm Beach.
But I had good food then.
One year I worked there at J&O in 1975.
Boy, the restaurant's there.
That's why I lost all that weight.
And then I gained it back.
I found it.
Ballooned up.
I ballooned up.
I had all those nice medium-sized clothes, you know, when I got down to 170.
And then after a week or two, then all of a sudden the clothes kept getting tighter and tighter.
I thought, what the hell's going on here?
I realized I was getting fatter and fatter and fatter.
Yeah.
Good restaurants in Palm Beach County.
At least back in the day.
And now you go back to find restaurants that you love that many years ago.
They're all gone.
Once they're gone.
Yeah.
Over the last five weeks, Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton of New York has featured in her campaign
Stumps Beach is the story of a healthcare horror.
An uninsured pregnant woman who lost her baby and died herself after being denied care by an Ohio hospital
because she couldn't come up with a $100 fee.
It's a lie.
It's a lie.
That's Hillary's speciality, man.
Lies.
The woman Trina Bactel did die last August to accept her baby boy was still born at Obliniz Memorial Hospital in Athens, Ohio.
But hospital administrators said Friday that Mrs. Bactel was under the care of an obstetrics practice affiliated with a hospital.
She was never refused to be in attendance.
She was in fact insured.
How do you like that?
All of these...
All of these things.
We implore the Clinton campaign to immediately be cis from repeating this story.
She said Rick Castro, chief executive officer of the Obliniz Health System,
Stop with a lies.
Okay, bitch, we know your desperate, but stop with a lies with a bummer mice with a fairy tales.
Linda Weiss spoke to them for the not-for-profit hospital, said the Clinton campaign,
and never even contacted the hospital to check the accuracy of the story,
which Mrs. Clinton had first heard from a makes-county Ohio sheriff's deputy in late February.
A Clinton spokesman, Moe Ellethy, said candidates would frequently retell stories related to them, vetting them when possible.
In this case, we did drive or weren't able to fully vet it, Mr. Ellethy said,
if the hospital claims it did not happen that way, we respect that.
The sheriff's deputy, Brian Holman, had played host to Mrs. Clinton in his home before the Ohio primary.
Deputy Holman said in a telephone interview that the conversation about health care led him to relate to Sturard Mrs. Bactel.
He never mentioned the name of the hospital, I suppose, that they turned her away because he didn't know what he said.
Deputy Holman knew Mrs. Bactel's story only second-hand, having learned it from close relatives of the woman,
Mrs. Bactel's relatives did not return phone calls up on the Friday.
Well, this one told this one, and that one told it, it's like the Old Testament, you know.
Hand me down, Tails, like old wives, Tails, bubble miceys, fairy tales.
Do fairy!
As Deputy Holman understood it, Mrs. Bactel had died of complications from his still birth after being turned away by a local hospital for her fate to pay a hundred bucks up front.
I mentioned the story of the senator Clinton, and she apparently took to it and liked it, Deputy Holman said, and one of her eights had been, she'd be using it as some rallies.
Indeed, saying that the story at Honda Der swallery repeatedly offered it as a dire example of a broken health care system,
at one march around me, and my only for example, she referred to Mrs. Bactel a 35-year-old who managed a pizza hut.
As a young and insured minimum wage worker saying it hurts me, then in our country, as rich and good about countries we are, this young woman and her baby died,
because she couldn't come up with a hundred bucks to see the doctor.
Mrs. Clinton doesn't name Mrs. Bactel or the hospital in her speeches, as she tells that the woman was turned away twice by local hospital when she was experiencing difficulty with her pregnancy.
The hospital said, well, you don't have insurance, she said, no, I don't, they said, well, we can't see it till you give us a hundred bucks, she said, where am I going to get a hundred bucks?
The next time she came back to the hospital, she came in an ambulance, Mrs. Clinton continued, she was in distress, not that press, distress, the blue one.
The doctor's nurses worked on her and couldn't save the baby.
Since Mrs. Bactel's baby died at Oblens Memorial Hospital, a story implicitly and inaccurately accuses that hospital of turning her away, said Mrs. Wies, a spokesman for the Oblens Memorial Hospital.
Indeed, the Oblens Healthcare System treated her both at the hospital and the affiliated river-orges obstinates and gynecology practice, Mrs. Wies be saying.
The hospital wouldn't provide details about the woman's case, citing privacy concerns she died two weeks after the stillbirth at a medical center in Columbus.
We reviewed the medical and patient account records of this patient's had Mr. Cass drop, the health system chief executive.
Any implication that the system was involved in denying care is definitely not true.
Although Mrs. Clinton's told the story repeatedly, a first came to the attention of the hospital after the Washington Post cited it as a staple of her stump peaches on Thursday, that part of the attention to the daily Sentinel in Pomeroy Ohio,
which published on article on Friday.
More stories, more, she just makes it up to her and her crowd cronies as they go along.
She's got a tourist pay one, that's good news, isn't it?
Mm-hmm. Big, big tourist, and the fact that Mark Penn had a bailout, maybe he can go work for Hugo Chavez.
What do you think?
That's a good plan.
Last night they had a really interesting thing, I figured it was.
It was on CBC, I guess, about Castro.
It was about how he lost his voice and that one speech, you know, after the revolution took over, you know, he lost his, and Raoul went up to the mic.
Yeah.
You hear that rattling out there?
No.
That's the guy who thinks the door knobs again.
Hang on a sec.
I'll make sure.
Okay.
That's a congress.
Hmm?
Derby girls get dazs this weekend.
Cool.
Chase the other two teams away.
Where'd I go?
I was from yelling.
Gonna have pictures of.
They get dazs.
What day on Saturday?
Yeah, one through Saturday.
They won both their pouts, and then on Sunday, they didn't even get through the first one.
Team Bugdalla.
Really?
What are you talking about?
Derby.
Roller Derby.
Oh, Johnny Joe Bell and George met up yesterday at the roller derby.
He's big fan, apparently.
Roller Derby, not me.
Big fan years?
Of roller derby.
You got to get in the door knobs.
I just looked out through my little peak hole.
I was peeking through the peak hole.
Polishing the knobs.
Yeah, he wanted to take some time to go back up there.
I could do it quietly if he liked had any comments.
You want to go get your knob polished?
We'll wait.
Rattles the door.
In fact, I probably should go get my peace-honour of Charlton Heston croaking.
Just blow him away.
Oh, I thought you were trying to break in.
You know, like that.
560 revotes about your last meal if you knew you were going to croak tomorrow.
Five, six people say they want a shallad.
Maybe we get Marcelo the shallad guy to help him out.
Okay.
Marcelo?
Yes.
From W-Y-O-D.
I can't think of any of that though.
Well, almost on the tip of my tongue and Palm Beach kind of that Thai restaurant.
Something young guy.
Whatever that place was called, remember?
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, you do.
I remember the place, but not the name either.
You used to bring us food all the time.
Science-based.
Science-based.
What was it?
No, that was the one on the cause.
Science-Daw.
Science-Daw.
There you go.
Close.
Close one.
I had part of it.
Science-Daw.
Right.
And the IOD building people took them out of business.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
But hey, it's radio, baby.
It's a really strange business.
That's the way it goes.
Probably I had to get on a banana boat and go back to where the hell they came from.
But that's the way it is.
We don't care.
We just want your money, baby.
Here's the list of money.
No choice.
No choice.
Give it to her.
No projects.
And money cleaves.
We are the fourth leader.
I'm in, Hoonier.
Bush took responsibility.
After Michael Brown resigned.
I bet you've found the second thoughts about taking it in the behind.
Where was FEMA?
Welcome.
Broken levees.
FEMA was nowhere inside.
FEMA!
Even with warning, FEMA's voice wasn't bright.
When the storm wallers over.
Water was everywhere.
But the biggest disaster was that Mexico beat you there.
They beat FEMA.
No big contacts.
They went to Haliburton.
Oi!
FEMA!
FEMA!
We sponsor more quickly when it's rich people here.
When it's rich people here.
FEMA!
1045 at 560 WQAM.
So you had a good time with Gulf Streamer again last time.
Yup.
Because that's the last time we were on together.
Right?
And the lady who handed the handicrapping lady.
I gave her the one in the first rage.
She gave her the one in the second rage.
And you wouldn't listen to her.
No.
Because you're stubborn, a hard ass.
Space cadet burned out.
I don't know what makes you stupid.
Yeah.
168$ double.
You could have been a $10 double and $830 bucks back.
I could have, but I didn't.
Didn't even have a $2 double.
How did you at least bet the two horse in the first race?
Yeah.
How much did you bet?
I don't know whatever it was.
10 bucks.
10 bucks?
I remember those lights time ago.
And the horse won by seven likes.
John Velasquez.
Yeah, don't forget things like that.
Important things like horse races from the past.
Controversial horse races from the past.
584 votes on the poll.
We are really kicking an ancient style.
It's not a very good poll.
We apologize.
But, you know, here's one for tomorrow.
If we want to use this, do you like this one?
That you faxed to me.
Somebody has set the Rage guy again from Rooney Live.
The movie lights?
Yeah, like a fight.
We're going to be fun.
But there are so many that can be used to be on it.
Sure.
For example, this one.
I want to make them an offering guy with you.
That's a contender.
And don't forget.
Look at Brassie's sleeves with the fish.
That's not a contender, just a source of just never ending a hysteria.
And you found this guy.
And, you know, of course, it wouldn't fax me one of those.
Really?
Well, good.
Because I asked the guy to apologize.
He was ripping me on Thursday, telling me that it was Tessio.
And I said, you know, I dare you to send me a fax and apologize.
Now that we haven't, right from the script, that it was commensuous.
We've already been through this before.
And then he finally apologizes and courtists, of course,
read it or some other.
Yeah, he read it on the air.
Yeah, he read it.
Well, what does it say?
Have you got it there?
Or do you have a Schmidt can?
Oh, no, yeah, I can't.
Why is that?
Why is that?
Because I thought it was over and done with.
And then he said, there was a point.
It was all done with from now.
But, you know, another three, four months, somebody will be,
oh, no, you're wrong, Neil, you're wrong.
Yeah, I can't be huge pile of faxes that was sitting here
in front of me when I came in.
And there was a huge pile of faxes.
I didn't get any of them.
Well, never the least.
Yeah, he did.
They were just left there from last week.
Oh.
Might be something important on there.
Like maybe Norma Kent, who just continued sitting on his
a bag of the ass.
But that one is just immobile and impossible.
Oh, I'm going to overnight do this and go over, yeah,
overnight my ass.
Wow.
Yeah, going to cost big at FedEx.
Put it in a little box.
I doubt it.
My favorite line from a movie is, and here's the list of them here.
I'll be back.
Go ahead, make my day.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.
It's not a tumour.
Life is like a box of chocolates.
If you build it, they will come.
Get the honey, Jr.
Of course, you never did say that.
And he's still alive.
That's the good news.
What's his name again?
Richard Kerry.
What?
Richard Kerry.
Can't the honey kill you?
Yeah, he said that just for us on the phone.
He says, get the honey.
He doesn't say get the honey, Jr.
But anyway, I don't know what this is.
Youts, what's a yout?
You?
You?
It's the two youths.
What is that?
Oh, my God.
I just googled Stephen Straits since you got me all whipped up.
And there are actually several pictures on there where he went to grow
and he asked, wrote, asked.
Gee, what a surprise.
What do you mean by that?
Well, it's not the first time.
First time what?
That you have seen someone that looked good and then you see other pictures of them?
Oh, well, listen, the whole movie.
He can't look that good, the whole movie.
And then there are other pictures where he looks fine with this.
He's doing the Johnny Depp routine, you know.
We just want to look too pretty.
So he's got the facial hair and the schmutz.
Oh, yeah.
See, if you're lucky enough to be born looking really, really, really, really stupidously good.
Why the hell do you want to screw around with that?
But nevertheless, I'll have what he's having, what movie is that from?
That Billy Crystal movie, what you got?
I don't know what that is.
What do I have to say?
I'm going to play it again.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Now you play that all the time.
What is that from?
Oh, that's from the fly.
Be afraid.
You do, Davis?
Be very afraid.
Oh, not to fly with what's your core?
Not to go blue in your favorite, yes.
Oh, I can't stand him.
He looks better when he turns into the fly.
I agree.
He just gives me the creeps.
The original fly with Vincent Price was good.
Yeah.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Green.
Oh.
In other words, that's the line from the Godfather that it belongs on his list.
I don't think so.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Mo Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
No, I don't think that's even close to qualifying.
Well, let me tell you something, my crud, Nick Friend.
Even that's better.
When you agree?
Yeah.
But I still think.
I want to make him an offer again with you.
Oh, yeah.
And if there's, well, there's so many.
He's a good, technical only.
I mean, maybe one more.
If we're going to do Godfather's stuff again.
I'll find it.
Just relax.
Like I said, I can't find it.
He says, you're sunny, says you're taking this very personal.
Well, here it is.
Jesus.
You're taking this very first.
There you go.
This is business, Tom.
And this man has taken it personal.
Remember that?
Sure.
You furry.
There you go.
You furry.
We haven't talked about that when we had a long-time Glenn Gerry-Glill.
We haven't been Ross.
And you better see it if you haven't seen it before you die.
Far peace for closes on.
Bond.
James Bond.
And you talking to me?
I hope so.
And that's the list right there.
Yeah, Glenn Gerry.
You made your decision for Christ.
What?
Jesus Christ.
It won't work, but it's just a favor of mine.
Are you not eating again?
Are you on the air?
Mm-hmm.
What do you need to walk away?
Say what's not inch cube?
Nine inch cube.
You're back on that again?
A rotate.
Six hundred votes on Chris's pool.
All right.
And seven people say if they're last meal, they don't want a nice little shallot.
Like maybe if you're going to the electric chair, you know, you'd choose your last meal.
I'd get that baked matronian cheese.
They could bake it right other on your lap.
Yeah, that's a good thought.
Speaking of dead people, three West soldiers were killed.
31 others wounded in two rocket attacks yesterday afternoon and bagged dead.
Everything is so swell over there, you know?
An attack involving a couple of rounds of fire on the international zone.
Also known as the green zone, killed two soldiers and wounded 17 others.
About three thirty yesterday afternoon, a separate attack about 30 minutes earlier killed one soldier and wounded 14.
At the US military outpost in South Eastern Baghdad.
Some days fatalities bring the death toll of US troops in the Iraq war to 4,022.
And nearly 30,000 others have been wounded in action.
Many missing limbs and eyes and stuff like that.
But the public is busy with a Brittany and our stuff, important stuff.
With Brittany and Crap and they have run away bride and dancing with the star and American idol.
And who's going to get kicked off this week and Crap?
If you want to become a billionaire, just penalty American public crap because that's what the public loves is.
You can't, they can't get enough.
Am I right? Yes.
Yes.
Just pedal a bunch of stupid ass and the public is there lapping it up.
God makes me want to vomit.
And then I just forget about it. I watch something good like Covenant.
Speaking of lapping it up. Good. God.
There's a scene where there, because they're swimmers. These guys around the swim team.
Yeah.
And they come wall sitting around the corner into the pool area in these very, I don't know how to describe it, almost.
No, not spin. No, no, no. I wish. No, not those, but like cotton swim trunks.
You know, I mean very kind of like no.
Well, you have to see it. I'll say it to you. I'll say it to you.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Well, giant, that's the way.
What the fuck?
Check it out, understand.
He igual took in to take the other one.
The othersesEver.
yards. By the way I had a nice good day at Woodline yesterday. I'm sure
please aren't you proud of me. I am proud. Now did I take the story about Maurice
which was the ball-head of Frenchman? It's said look at look at me you'll
ever see me here again did I take the follow-up? No not the follow-up I would
call it last week. The follow-up was last weekend also I think that's it was
Monday. I hit two grand on the one dollar machine and I was going to the
TV room to take a leak and as I was leaving I see by the five dollar real
fortune machine who you think it is Maurice so I walked out from behind and I
said to him you must have a twin brother and he looked at me he said I need
for them to take my picture so that they never let me in here again and they'll
do that if you want to get again real seriously he says I'm losing 7000
today and as I was leaving I mean I don't know what to say to the guys I'm
going to say he's got a problem yeah yeah yeah with let me let him talk to
my little real problem yeah yeah there are people with real problems like
amputees you know people with diseases that are there are no cures for people
who have problems that they can't correct just by changing their behavior
those are real problems sending us to the lines for the movie say hello
that's my little friends right that's good look it is a good one okay well
there only got to be 4,000 lines at least it's something you know I mean yeah
maybe when we get to 750 on this current pool maybe we'll change it what do you
think Chris okay I guess what all of a sudden nature decided I'm gonna go I do
joy it's not good
name the down
whoo
560 quam
force leader
this is the new launcher show
this is a plane
who could go any questions
hey welcome to the show I guess today say their relationships are in turmoil and
they're here to reveal their shocking secrets I know Hillary said that she
would like to sleep with meant for money well it's easy to say yes literally
for years and you find out that she's been sleeping around them all across
America I mean I had the same position for years upside down and backwards
well why do you suddenly start sleeping with your sister it didn't happen we
asked you if you've ever had sex with women you said no the line detector test
determined that was a lot well amazed a lot of Americans are gonna say good
for you you go girl I'm glad it's her instead of me you can't have just
discovery that you were gay certainly I have said that you have a wild shocking
secret for a loved one you want to tell them on our show indeed I did have
200 sexual relationships
okay watch out for that sniper fire Hank is always just on CNN a couple minutes
ago it's 11.01.5 60 W.A.M. you notice I'm you hear the facts sound on there
nope I'm faxing me a pool do a Eric for the one for tomorrow okay also Brandon wants to know
if you brought the 360 back yeah yeah you did
courtous was wanted about it last week remember I just told you about the
backup power supply going out right and we had that power outage here for a minute or two
and the 360 when it part goes on the lights go on like neon sign man it's like all
over the place it goes crazy and I discovered the jackpot I discovered that on
the well let me go to the first bank you got all excited about that what's that
sound like a little drinker you know like some stew yeah you're always making
mm-hmm water that soda now I change things to the ampere there you can oh hey
no I can't change it oh stop it then you can change it do what oh there you go
and I discovered bank four yeah and I never know I remember I'm always seeing you got that
I don't have it well there are a couple people get it this one that's the bank I use bank four
oh good okay Eric's got the new pool that's a good news and of course I'm sure we'll get 400
faxes not with other movie lines we've done that before but not in a long time
it's not as good as I want a shallot for my last meal you know like macaroni salad although the
macaroni and cheese sounds really wonderful to me let me go back to the right bank
1103 at 560 wqam George is going to be now what time the whole show again on Friday
Gulf Stream what a lot they do they really do they love us it's a it's a teen effort I wouldn't be
any good without you who knows what to do and what to say and what to play or you're back in
the horse racing thing again well yeah that's what it's all about all right do understand
it's not just about that it's also about the slots baby all that too and flood out run is going
to come right away in the end flood out run schools by four links to in grand style six away third kindly
light and fourth in was Odys best all right that's the new thing though most of the racing
officers they have to either be British or sound British or Australian or something like that
it's a new thing oh there's doverdowns where all the drivers are related
haha oh George Dennis and Eddie Dennis and Eddie Davis and the oh it's just amazing
we don't want don't get horse racing intense there's Brandon Givens my boy hey branded
don't start getting the perverted now on me it's not on a Monday wait till they are not gonna
know it when you started with Steven straight business with a car I started that watch because
there's hot guys in it I mean is that automatically excuse me no I'm watching because it's not a
good movie you said so you're right that's not supposed to be a good movie since when is a skin
flip like that's supposed to be a good movie they had skin that was up my alley that I saw all
I said one that was good that was a skin flip and that was which we can never think of
the name with the Vanderbeak oh well I was more than that see you can't see rules of attraction
that's it rules of that was not about skin no I get out I got a lot going on talking and
watch it again just because one of the great scenes in the history of movies is the scene at the
in the restaurant yeah where fade down a ways there and the other mother and the two
uh queens that scene I don't know I don't know if you have to be just because they had hot people
and it doesn't mean it wasn't a real movie with real stories and all that oh there's a story
and covenant yeah but these four guys they I got the power yeah yeah yeah when you uh your 18th
birthday comes you uh rise and you're leaving yeah yeah I'll watch them vampire movies
US private security firm black waters deal to protect American diplomats in Baghdad will be
extended for a year while the FBI investigates a 2007 incident which the companies guards are
accused of killing 17 Iraqis the State Department seven Friday it's just it's just amazing
I've requested and received approval to have task order six which black water has to provide
personal product protective services Baghdad renewed for one year the head of the diplomatic
security Gregory star told reporters I know if he's related to Barbara star whose Hank's twin sister
the September 2005 shooting incident in Baghdad and rage the Iraqi government and triggered
an investigation by the FBI and what happened and whether any crimes might have been committed
getting back to that uh uh uh uh uh martin eluther king thing james are array
yeah see I used to wonder why is it here he was in prison for life he was terminally ill he was like
weighed about four pounds why would he keep lying you know I mean it's always been a loan some
crazed loan and that's right and also how did he know where where to go in that hotel and by going
back out and and standing on the bathtub and aiming the rifle out the window how do you know
that martin eluther king was going to be standing on that balcony and then at any given point sounds
like you're a troublemaker you see what I'm saying how could anybody have known that why do you hate
americans a measure issued by the u.s. led coalition provisional authority in 2000 for
prevent foreign security contractors from being prosecuted in local courts it's unclear whether
they could be prosecuted under u.s. law after the incident they state department changed several
elements of the contract including tightening up rules of engagement putting cameras and all
convoys and having a diplomatic security officer right along with the detail star said black water
was operating with the agreement of the erected government that he did not know when the FBI's
investigation the incident would be completed if anybody believes that john kennedy was killed by
leharvios while they loan crazed assassin or that bobby kennedy was killed by sir hand sir hand
who fired four hundred bullets from one gun or that james are array assassinated martin eluther king
just all by himself without any conspiracy you must be a foolish person that's all I can try
it was just a sixties thing you know a lot of loan crazed gunman right it was a sixty right
it was like streaking it was fashionable all weight that was seventies
who is done with co i don't know it's the most important religious leader you've never seen or
heard says nbc's andriam itchal co leader of a group called the fellowship whatever reminds me
that great movie the covenant why it's a great movie believe me great if i hear something maybe
it's on right now let me go to my movie channel and the scour i've seen it listed on the cable there
on the movie channels and why you're afraid to watch it even from afraid to watch it you're afraid to watch it
you might like this is the right everyone knows everyone who has ever had a gay friend and some of
us have had several knows that that's the line y'all use what are you afraid of not afraid of anything
i'm not afraid of broccoli either i'm just not into it so thank you no there's no broccoli in this
movie yeah there is yucky oh dog day afternoon adica all right oh there's language in this movie
okay we have i'm dying over here for that poll well that's right i'm dying over here you can
do it again you're right your wife okay what are they doing they step point they love to
hold on weapon hold for it hold that weapon oh that's Charles during from he was in that one
when i went to stranger calls isn't it's been a lot of things he's he's been actor and he was also
in that jack lemon movie mass appeal yep he played the bishop after anything i can't stop anything
all right
anything else adica adica i got some people in there what what about that line i mean i mean
is that a line adica wouldn't have helped out screaming and waving a hand you know no i'm dying
over here you said i'm dying over here over here i'll have to add that well you'll have to add
it on there when we change the poll okay right got it got it got it we know that you're fond of
that liner you know i've ever heard it or anything not me i'm dying over here and then he died
that that was a young guy to one of our listeners he said that and i'm dying over here i shouldn't say
that because then you died that's a long time but it's many many years ago he was young when he said it
yeah not anymore how would i want to do that for christian i'm in trouble enough as it is i'm not
trying to create any trouble i know there's language in this because i was on last night i saw a little
bit of it yeah language in this language language language that we can't put on the ear that kind of
language this was the most unlikely discovery yes that's a human ear alright i discovered that
will take you people wanting to fit darkest quarters of small town in there i'm continuing
i'm seeing something that was always hidden in all kind of mystery and introducing to the people
uh-oh gonna be language in there anyway can we get back to the um fellowship
what yeah don't let's call leader for group call the fellowship is a powerful secretive and
well-connected religious leader widely known among senators across the aisles and across
fates but not by the general public co-services have been attended by all three of the major
two thousand eight presidential hopefuls senator swallery john mccannon barak obama the fellowship
appears to be as much of a networking opportunity as it is a religious group says joshua green
senior senior editor of the Atlantic monthly i think in parts your involvement with the fellowship's
prayer group green says swallery was able to meet a lot of these conservative republican centers to
get to know them on a one-on-one basis jeth charlotte author of the family was disturbed by
co-s teachings after spending time living among us followers sometimes we refer to themselves as
ingest as the christian mafia charlotte says fellowship members didn't seem to understand why he was
concerned that co-reference such a historical figures as hitler lennon and mao chairman mao in his
teachings hitler's genocide wasn't really an issue for them so charlotte was the strength that he
emulated people close to clinton say co is not clinton's minister she doesn't consider
code to be a leading spiritual advisor nor she contributed to his group wherever been a member
co talks mostly about jesus and evokes hitler one is an example of how small groups can cultivate
power for good or bad said a close friend to mbc co to climb to be interviewed for the segment
but a bit of who put about the fellowship look out for dogmas co and the fellowship
look out for our release now since i tell you right now man that's where in the wrong business
remember once upon a time you're going to start your own religion
should have done it i know sure beats waiting on normal kennel to that pop pop pop pop pop pop pop
beep beep beep beep yeah all i'm gonna do this i'm gonna do that yeah christmas is coming too
so we should rule us
650 votes in this pool
addica addica you don't like that no no you know no you don't like that scene i like that scene
it's just i don't think that's a line it's not only people use that line
like i'm dying over here i'm gonna make a new offer you can't refuse you know something that comes
up a line you might actually say it's just a chance let's just a thing that that happened
right here but we have a lot of muscles
we've done this i think just on godfather what's your favorite line from the godfather or
again too much godfather baby too much i never dreamed i could say that but too much you're
you're a good thing i'm gonna get my name to the best talent you're in your projects
you're like the five sixty qa m and me sports leader little boy i've been to a rack nine times
in the last three years i've seen bombs and blood i've seen death and democracy i've seen a lot
but what have i heard that's easy final rich
what we think and i go slow this i listen to those lying down too
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my god oh my
i will have him and me a chance to learn and trim all until I know that you all night
But to a ś i need fiveiving of the ś i Learn
ax
Hey! In his country, it's born apart by sectarian divisions.
The one thing to reason Shi'ai Chair is a complete and utter devotion to Lionel Wichie.
They are a United Legion for Lionel.
Just relax.
I don't want to bother you.
Oh my God.
Give me the cigarette.
Go ahead, do what you want.
I just think you ought to take care of your body, that's all.
I think that after a Godfather, John Cassal was at his name and played Frodo.
Yes.
I don't think he should have been allowed to ever act in another movie.
Again, because he's Frodo.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to say he was typecast, but he was Frodo.
And this was like three years later, the dog day after the movie.
That was a good movie.
Who should have been somebody else.
I changed the pool with the without Chris' permission.
Say what?
Well, 654 votes.
It sucked, okay?
With all the respect to your close personal friend Brandon.
It was just kind of like a stopgap.
It was something.
It was better than leaving it blank.
If you knew you were going to die tomorrow, what would be your last meal?
654 votes.
Stake, 173.
Lobster, 142.
A big juicy lobster loaded with butter.
Just loaded with cholesterol.
So much that it gave you like a pounding headache.
Maybe that's why you died tomorrow.
You wake up with a pounding headache and then you go, boy.
I'm dying out of here.
Italian food, 73, like a feast.
Pizza, 60, seafood, 51.
A huge tub of ice cream with hot fudge and whipped cream and maraschino cherries, et cetera.
35.
Burger in fries, 26.
Burger in fries.
Oh, yeah.
Woo!
Oh, that's a really good burger.
Mexican food, 24, deli, 20 went.
Well, let's find out from Tutsi what the best burger in town is.
Then we'll know when you're ready to croak.
We're going to get that last burger.
Deli 21, Metal Killia, Chinese food, 15, a cake, 11, a pie, nine, a shallot, eight, chicken,
four, and candy, only two.
Find by candy.
How about Mary James?
No, not the kind you're thinking of.
What?
And those mallocups.
We were talking about that last week, but these guys, they're not old enough to remember
that and everybody you do.
They're still around.
They are?
Like you go to Jackson's, they have every candy and existence there.
Oh, including the giant mallocups, aren't like the hard chocolate on the outside with
the marshmallows.
Oh, yeah, those are the babies.
Oh, baby, I don't see those anywhere anymore.
Thank God.
Yeah, good for you.
Why is that?
So I got to eat them and die.
Yeah, I'm going to die.
You're right.
Favorite thing.
Oh, this is life of Slideshustman across the street.
Chris Landon.
I just had one.
I'm going to get on there.
I'm dying over here.
Yep.
Good.
Well, I'm not going to.
There's just a few votes.
I'm smattering a vote so far.
I need the gun.
Take the canoli is leading so far.
I do like that.
I just look away.
I call you.
I call you.
Leave the gun.
Oh, yeah.
Take the canoli.
Yeah, that's what Cassius says.
Leave the gun.
They're going to leave the gun.
Oh, everybody's an expert on everything.
You're wrong, man.
You made a mistake.
You're wrong.
You fat son of bitch.
Fat.
You're wrong.
Oh.
God.
Chances for an Al Gore presidency may be all but not
existing at this point of campaign.
But Barack Obama said last week the former vice president
might just have a spot as administration, maybe even
cabinet level.
Stick his ass in a cabinet.
A woman in a town hall meeting in Pennsylvania asked whether
Obama elected with tat-girl for such a position to address
global warming issues.
I would, Obama said, not only will I, but I'll make a
commitment that Al Gore will be at the table and play a
central part in us figuring out how we solve this problem.
He'll be at the table eating no doubt.
Hand over fist.
Shoveling it down is fat-puss.
Al Gore said, somebody I talked to on a regular basis, I'm already
consulting with him in terms of these issues, but climate change
is real.
Gore remains popular among Democrats.
Some have even speculated that Gore could enter the democratic
nomination at the eleventh hour to put an end to the sniping between
Obama and the swallery.
In a recent interview on 60 minutes, Gore dismissed the
adjacency of the end of the race.
He said he had no interest in serving as a broker to find a
conclusion to the Obama Hillary contest.
The conclusion will be...
I would just make a mad.
They don't know him and it wouldn't stop him.
Well, somebody's going to stop me.
He's crazy.
He's not going to stand.
He's crazy.
What?
That's a funny movie.
It was a very funny movie.
It's a wonderful father.
His mother...
You should see her.
It's mother and father together like a big car wreck.
Anyway, a lot of people probably never saw a dog day afternoons.
It's a little bit gay.
Well, it's very gay, but nevertheless.
Aren't they all?
No.
Unless Arnold is in, aren't they all a little bit gay?
Like that movie you just said.
What's the name of it again?
The Covet of Traction.
I don't know why that is, but nobody...
We can never remember the name of that movie.
It's just a mind block.
It's a mind block.
What?
It's got a mind block.
We can't let it do.
Leave the gun, take the canolees, got ten.
And boy, I do love those chocolate-cover canolees.
I like to have a Doris market.
What would ever happen to them?
Don't know.
There's no better.
I would have happened to a lot of places, you know?
Maybe if Muff ever shows her a silly face in her again.
I might want to ask what happened to this and what happened to that.
Because he's the only one to talk to with him and Steve Sloan.
Right.
What Steve Sloan was in this morning, believe it or not.
And then PD Lenny, he talks to us for a while to throw the bomb.
Right, he tried to talk to you this morning.
Did he really?
Yeah.
What do he want?
A couple of times.
To talk to you.
And I told him, no, leave.
Why is that?
He didn't have to have any business to talk to you about.
How do you know that?
It's his restaurant on the Neal Dealers' Week.
How do you know he had something important to tell me?
Trust me.
Trust me.
A little bit.
What do you want?
To bug you.
Could Condoleezer Rice be John McCain's running mate,
Ask John Burn on the Raw Story?
A day, oh, this is kind of gay too.
A day after a top former Bush spokesman in Iraq remarked
that Secretary of State Condoleezer Rice is actively campaigning for
McCain's Rice Presidential ticket.
McCain himself remained mum.
After giving a question about her possible candidate to see on his campaign jet.
I think she's a great American.
I think she, there's very little I can say that isn't anything but the utmost praise
for a great American citizen who served as a role model
of so many people in this country and around the world.
McCain said, but as I mentioned to you, we're not talking about the process
because that just gets into things that could easily spill over into invasion of privacy.
I'm a great admirer of Secretary Rice.
Inversion of privacy.
Rice, while fitted by mainstream press, could actually be a liability for McCain.
The media has been low-temised questions about a revelation by a Washington Post reporter
who revealed that real estate document,
Shoshy co-owned a home and shared a credit line with a woman in Stanford.
Kessler revealed this in his biography of Rice De Confedon,
Condoleezer Rice in the creation of the Bush Legacy.
Rice co-owned and shared a line of credit with Randy Bean,
a documentary filmmaker once worked with Bill Moyers.
She later transferred the co-ownership of her property to Bean,
who once told Kessler she had medical bills which slept her financially drained,
and Rice helped her by co-purchasing the house along with a third person,
Quote Blacker, and other Stanford professors openly gay.
Oh no!
Oh my god!
Wow!
When asked about the revelations by serious videos gay talk show host Michael Senior really
last September, Kessler said he didn't know if this meant there was something more
to the relationship between the woman beyond a friendship.
You phony, sell out, closet, die, Condoleezer.
What's that for a long time?
So obvious.
All these self-hating fangs, and self-hating Jews, self-hating fags,
self-hating or whatever.
That's what the Bush, or Hunte, is all about, baby.
Self-hating lunatics.
It doesn't want to talk to you.
What do you mean you want to talk to me?
Why?
Let me work out.
And my thought that was what you were going to do.
Uh oh.
It don't want to talk to you.
Yeah.
Well, there's a, he's, he's afraid of everything.
Well, what is his name?
Sonny?
Now, sonny is Al Pacino.
What's the Indian's name?
Ah.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, Leon, that's the, uh, he-she, that's the, uh, he-she.
That's the, uh, he-she.
He's the best talent.
He's the only one who can't help but be a 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
God.
This is the moment we learned something new.
Before American Idol, you danced in a nude.
You worked at a place that is called Dicks.
And you didn't dance for any chicks.
Now see, Crest likes you.
You even more.
Performing on Idol is your biggest dream.
Denny not a re-aig is not the only queen.
You said that you did it just forecast.
Show your, show your, show your ass.
When you get kicked, ride out the door.
Cause you danced for some gays.
You stripped yourself down.
You sat on some lights and you wiggled around.
You walked with love, but pictures don't lie.
You wrapped it up whole and you went full ride.
You danced for some gays.
It's all in the news.
You say you love music, but you fall for love.
Do's to you.
You danced for some gays.
You danced for some gays.
You fair, 1132 or 560 WDQ.
Am I totally the faxes would come in here with some bad lines?
Here's two of them.
It says from Dr. Strangelove, no fighting in the war room.
Anyone say to that?
No, no chance.
But the other one's even better.
Too long for the pull, it says, but from three days of the condor,
you think not getting caught in the lies the same as telling the truth?
Which I would say, at least whoever sent this is consistent.
They both suck.
I mean, not every line from every movie.
We're going to put every line from every movie.
It's going to be a long bull.
Maybe we can do like Futsi on there and have it on for like months.
There you go.
Like the booger pull that he's going on.
It's still out there, by the way, I checked.
The booger pull.
And the finals though, that means the last 45 episodes of the booger pull
on Futsi Tutsi's thing.
It's not even his website anymore.
See, I would do website.
You don't have his own website, and no mole.
I think maybe they couldn't afford it.
It's possible.
They're having issues.
They're having everybody's having issues these days.
Thank you, Mr. President, by the way, for those incredible gas prices.
And you know how the airlines every day there's like more,
ten more of them go out of business?
Yep.
Thanks for those low fuel prices, Mr. President.
Thanks for all those dead people over 4,000 now.
I knew that once we passed 4,000 people would stop watching the dancing with the stars.
Yeah, yeah.
By the way, there was nobody at the Marlin game yesterday.
I see the announce crowd was 10,000.
And what was it about?
2500 Chris?
Yeah, I was just saying it's about that.
Wow.
And they got Wallop man.
They got Bushwack.
Again.
They won a couple of games, didn't they?
They won three.
They're three and three.
Baby, those marlins.
We love them, Marlin.
And the Panthers did a good job.
They made the playoffs again.
Not.
And they got like chaos.
And the psychosis going on there.
And Jack Martin is feuding with Oli Jokinin.
And Thomas Vokoon, can I say that?
Look at that.
You're out, Jacques Martin.
I'm going to get fired this week, you watch.
He's going to get his ass fired at it.
Security official snuffed out the Olympic torch and carried it through Paris in the safety of a bus
at least five times today.
As chaotic protest against Chinese human rights record turned into a chaotic series of stops and starts.
Despite massive security at least two activists got with Almond's and arms lengthened the flame
before they were grabbed by the police.
Fleeing!
A protested through water with the torch with failed to extinguish it was taken away.
Officers tackled numerous protestors and carried some away.
Oh, they can't put out the Olympic torch!
Well, let's watch torch song trilogy with Matthew Roderick.
I just want to be the one that does that so well.
Harvey, what's his name?
Harvey, firestein.
Firestein.
At the start of the relay on the Eiffel Tower's first floor, green party activists Sylvain Garelle lunched for the first torchbearer,
former heardler Stefan Diagena shouting,
freedom for the Chinese security officials full Garelle back.
It is inadmissible that the games are taking place in the world's biggest prisoner well set.
The procession continued but a crowd of activists waving, tied bent and flags,
and interrupted by confronting the torchbearer on a road along the St. River.
The demonstrators didn't appear to get within reach of the torch,
but its flaying was put off by security officers and put on board a bus to continue
par way along the road.
BAAAMING!
Listen, an hour later, the fling was being carried out of a traffic tunnel by a woman athlete in a wheelchair,
when the procession was halted by activists who boot and chanted,
tied bent, addica, addica, tied bent.
Once again, the torch was temporarily extinguished and put on a bus.
The third time security officials apparently interrupted the procession because they spotted demonstrators ahead,
after the torch was put on a bus, protestors through plastic bottles, cups,
and pieces of bread at the vehicle and at a meal wheelchair-bound athlete.
The torch disappeared back inside the bus a four time shortly after a protestor forced it with a
fire extinguisher near the Lou Art Museum,
police grabbed the demonstrator before it could start to spray.
The fling was whisked into a bus again outside the National Assembly where protesters gathered.
A session of Parliament was interrupted in a banner on the building reading,
respect for human rights in China,
city hall draped its building with a banner reading, Paris Defense Human Rights Around the World.
Other demonstrators scaled the Apple towel and noted in Cathedral,
and hung banners depicting the Olympic rings as handcuffs.
About 3,000 officers were deployed on motorcycles in jogging gear and with the inline roller skates.
Oh, Georgia will be there for the inline skating.
Georgian Joe Bell.
Well, now you guys got a reason to bond, you can go out and roll or durby together.
Well, I don't think he skates.
I'm thin ice.
And what's he doing there?
The women's roller derby is a spectator sport for some of us.
I see, we're not qualified having the wrong equipment.
Didn't anybody tell you anything?
I'd like to hear it from you.
You get one hostage for the limousine that you bring me in.
One hostage for the jet.
Then I get to the airport, I go into the plane, I check it all out, and if it's okay then they all come out.
I want to go inside.
Why?
See if everybody's alright.
I don't think too many people assume this.
It's 1975, dog day afternoon.
It is, I'm kidding a lot.
What?
Probably not.
Attica!
Attica! It's bizarre, it's strange.
It's classic, everyone should say it.
You're right.
As jobs vanish in prices rise, food stamp use nearest record.
Oh my god.
Driven by a painful mix of layoffs and rising food and fuel prices, the number of Americans receiving food stamps is projected to reach 28 million in the coming year.
The highest level since the 8th program began in the 60s.
I bet your crisis is going to be on food stamps before the end of this year.
I hope not.
Especially if a normal can'ts got anything to do with it.
Boy, that's normal.
Oh, I'm going to overnight you this, I'm going to send you that.
We got this, yeah, you got it.
You got, you know that song, I got plenty of nothing, remember that?
Mm-hmm.
That's normal.
The number of recipients that's on food stamps that is, who must have near property and comes to qualify for benefits averaging $100 a month for a family member, has fluctuated over the years along with economic conditions, eligibility rules, and Lisman drives the natural disasters like Hurricane Katrina, which led to a big spike in the South.
But recent rises in many states appear to be resulting mainly from the economic slowed down officials and I'd say, as well as inflation in prices of basic goods that lead more families feed to the country.
So, the feeling pinched, citing expected growth and unemployment, the Congressional Budget Office this month projected a continuing increase in the month of number of recipients in the next fiscal year starting October 1 to 28 million.
Up from 27.8 million in 2008 and 26 and a half million in 2007, the percentage of Americans receiving food stamps was higher after recessed in the 90s, but actual numbers are expected to be higher this year.
Federal benefit costs are projected to rise to $36 billion in the 2009 fiscal year from $34 billion this year.
People sign up for food stamps when they lose their jobs and the wages go down because their hours are cut since Stacey Dean, director of Foodstank Policy at the Center on Budget and Policy Parties of Washington, who noted that 14 states saw the rules reach record numbers by last December.
Thank you for that, too, Mr. President.
One example is Michigan where one in eight residents now receives food stamps.
Our case load is more than doubled since 2000, where at all time record levels said Marine Sorbet spoke someone of the Michigan Department of Human Services.
The climate food stamp recipients there has been relentless through economic upturns and downturns reflecting a steady loss of industrial jobs that has pushed recipient levels to new highs and no high on and on Illinois as well.
We had a poverty here for a good while, Mrs. Sorbet said, confirming that the rise she had in Michigan like many other states has also worked to make more low end workers wear their eligibility and a switch from coupons to electric debit cards has been used, the stigma.
You don't want to walk into the store when food stamps.
You don't have to buy your big bottle of Kianti or ripple whatever you sell how good.
Well, they let you buy alcohol with food stamps.
You're positive? No, I'm not sure.
I think we've been on that before we discussed that.
I don't want to say that there's a lot of winos who use food stamps, you know, probably to buy like spam and stuff like that for a good solid nutritious meal.
I think there are some people who deserve to be who ought to be on food stamps.
Does that sound insensitive?
No.
I think they deserve to not be.
Probably deserve to start it as well, I should say. Not to be honest, because we're paying for that.
There's a lot of silence in this movie, dog definition.
What do you say?
I was just talking to me about their arrangements. I taught them...
Yeah, don't screw up all those arrangements.
What biggest names? The best talent.
You don't have no Rogers.
You're 2560 km.
I think sports leader.
Wonderful. W-Q-A-U.
What be?
I was a one-nated rinkin' when I left the pub.
He bladdered, was he a genius, a good, a field of tub.
I wandered toward a gas station, but the dog hunting was closed.
Found a nice dark corner, and with duck me, I wish holes.
Public your relation on Olsen-Patti's day.
Public your relations, why I even jailed today.
Oh, public your relations, I'll not do it again.
You and Jailia have to do it in front of 100 nm.
I told the judge, sorry I was for B and dirty and lured.
He probably just got what I said to me.
So I think you screwed.
Public your relations, fix everybody blanch.
Explain you got to go that bad you're best peeing your path.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Good right.
And just say you got splashed.
That's all.
14-0-560 W-Q-A-U.
Happy Monday, too.
Now, let's see.
Here's the fact from our good close personal friend, Tracey and Kendall,
who says,
my entry for the pool today, and it says bad entry and you're right.
You're going to need to bigger boat from jaws.
What do you say to that?
No.
Whatever.
Pool idea based on that.
I like this pool idea though from Tracey.
Which actor was most type cast by Karen, who he or she portrays?
That is a good idea.
It's a great idea.
I don't know the list here, I think.
I don't know.
We can Anthony Perkins is Norman Bates.
Perfect.
John Casillas, Frado.
Perfect.
Sean Carrari is James Bond.
Yep.
Fade, Dennyway is John Crawford.
I don't think so.
No.
She's been in too many different things.
Correct.
But still.
No.
We can leave it on there.
We'll see what Mommy Durist and I love is when Joe Crawford, when the daughter is sick,
she's the soap opera actress, and Joe Crawford fills in and keeps forgetting the lungs.
Oh, that scene is just beautiful.
She's like 60 there portraying a 20 year old.
It's a beautiful thing.
Marlon Brando is Don Corleon.
Not for me, he's made so many movies before.
Yeah, that's true.
And James Doug Gandalfini is Tony Ciprono, of course, yes.
Also, Tracy, since I'd like to add some of your expert answers to him, and advice, please,
my husband and I will be in Amsterdam two or three days at the end of June.
Any suggestions or recommendations would be greatly appreciated.
Right there on the dam rag, Tracy, eat a lot of McDonald's and KFC right next door.
And you'll be safe.
The food blows.
Such as bad, it blows.
Horrendous.
What other recommendation?
I mean, it depends on how much money they want to spend for.
Why?
They smoke a lot of dope.
Why do you still can?
Barbizon Palace is a great hotel.
The crans the Polsky right there on that dam square is good.
Or the Swiss hotel.
The Swiss hotel on the end.
It's not as good, but it's okay.
The good location right on the dam rack.
Dam square and the dam rack and those dam dutch.
And of course, I don't know what else to say.
And then, what's there to say anymore?
Just wander around.
You'll have a good time, Tracy.
You'll love it.
Maybe.
By the end of June, who knows?
I got some sand and hats.
I got some hobbyist choices on here.
What?
For this poll that she sent in, which was a good poll, she loves some glaring omissions out.
Well, I mean, she just gave us a start.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
So I got some more.
Don't you like?
My co-year's shatner is Kirk, Captain Kirk, and Adam West is Batman.
Right.
And Bert Ward is Robin with those green tights.
What are you laughing about?
You and those tights.
Yeah.
Trust me when I said it.
So I, oh, speaking of that, I looked up Steven Stray, and I googled it.
Yeah.
Before I get to that, Anthony says, long time, Lister left that hell of a whole call, sound
flirty two years ago, but Mr. Shurl, how about the famous line from airplane?
Surely you can't be serious.
And I am serious and don't call me Shirley.
Lister Nielsen, we're talking about him on Friday.
Maybe the funniest person alive.
Lister Nielsen, certainly one of the top 10.
He's hysterical.
Okay.
Like Connie.
Remember, she's hysterical.
And he can know the things you do.
Yeah.
I know what I do.
Thank you.
You're sticking on to somebody's head.
Yeah, well, I don't know what I'm doing with some time with that.
Yeah.
Uh, Shurl, now you want to put that on there, and that's too long.
Yeah, I don't care.
I am serious.
No, call me Shirley.
What about if we're going to use that movie?
What about, uh, have you ever seen a, uh, Robin naked?
Peter Graves?
Mm-hmm.
I don't know.
I haven't seen a good naked, though.
I don't want to see him naked.
So anyway, somebody I do want to see naked desperately, Stephen Strait.
Ollie, come about as close to seeing them naked and, uh, cut the covenant as you ever will.
I'm sure.
Um, although there is one, and there's a locker room scene where the blonde, his blonde buddy,
one of the kids with a spell with that, uh, he's running around naked.
You see, he asks.
I see.
See one, I see him all pretty much.
That's that true.
Stephen Strait, born March 23rd, 1986, which would make him 22.
What a nice age.
Is an actor, fashion model, and rock singer.
Ask me a singer, I'll bet.
Real, I don't know.
Well, maybe he's a great musician.
Who now knows?
I doubt it, though.
He was born and raised in Greenwich Village, attended Xavier High School to classes at the Stella
Adler Studio Vacting.
During his teenage years, he modeled for Luomo Vogue's Spoon magazine, Details, Surface, Hollister
Company, and Pop Magazine, and worked with the photographers of Bruce Weber Herbritz and
Ellen von Unworth.
Weber featured Strait in his 2001 book, All American Short Stories.
And it goes on about his acting career.
Here's the personal thing.
In 2006, and she is so...
Yes, oh, when you use that term, what a waste.
In 2006, Strait began dating actress Lynn Collins.
In the February 2008 issue of Teen Vogue, Strait Announcement, she was engaged.
His marriage to Lynn Collins was confirmed in the March 2008 issue of GQ Magazine, to which
I can say, what a waste.
Oh, do you know who she is, Lynn Collins?
I'm Google Imaging Her Right Now.
She's a never heard of her.
She bit it something.
Lynn Collins.
Look at a picture of that.
I mean, you know, looks at everything and thank God for that again.
He's the lead singer of Band Name to Tribe.
However, due to his upcoming movie, Rose the Band is on a new singer, George,
running the Band for the Live Show as they perform.
Aiyah, aiyah, aiyah.
The Travis Sound to Blake Shore Records and Skids of Record and Released a full-length album.
Now, you sing Lynn Collins?
I can't get a good picture of her.
Maybe that's a big deal.
There's no such thing as a good picture of her.
She seems like that.
I don't know. She's not in the script.
She's gross.
She is eugly, man. She is butt-eugly.
Ugly.
And right here.
Okay. Yeah.
I got a photo of her right now.
Yeah. Meas.
Yeah. You're right.
Oh my God. She looks like about a 25 cent hooker.
She is me.
Oh. But maybe she's got something that, you know, don't meet the eye.
I don't know what she's got.
She's got no what that means in the case of women.
So you got big boobs?
We've got a real eye.
Not really.
How do you know?
You're not in the same picture I'm on.
You're not in the same picture I'm looking at.
She's got a huge pair.
And I bet she he does too.
Not boobs necessarily.
So anyway, there you go.
There's a limb call.
He's very to her.
Well, good for her.
Why?
Yeah.
I bet she's she ain't ever seen it though.
What?
The commoners?
One of those marriages of convenience like that.
There's just a conjure of my need for you.
I have to listen to it.
I can't survive in prison, sonny.
No, you're not going to prison.
Nobody's going to prison.
Why do you know?
Because I know you're not going to prison.
Believe me.
Please.
What?
What?
Just tell him what?
Leon's got a lot of those runaway essence, didn't she?
Yes.
He's got some issues.
But anyway, shall we ever get that?
Do we ever get Sal?
Has the name of a, you know, Fredo?
Oh, Sal.
Let's see your character that John Zell plays.
John Zell.
Fredo.
And the Sal in the end.
Oh.
No, I would do this.
You just got them saying, huh?
Nobody's seen this movie and they should go see it.
And you go ruin it to make it no point.
What does this make?
Because maybe some people like to not know what's going to happen to the movie.
I think they think they're going to get away.
Is that what they think?
How about they don't know what's going to happen?
They're going to shut cops in the FBI guy in the area.
They're going to joke, and they're just turning them.
How about people don't know what's going to happen in a movie?
That's what I was just saying.
Don't watch it.
Don't watch it right now.
Don't watch the cover, then.
I'm not going to watch the cover, then.
I'm not going to watch the cover, then.
My favorite line from a movie is we got 110 votes on this already.
Now, what do we have on the other one?
We'll never make a total of 1,000 of it, even with a new poll.
Sorry, Chris.
We had a bad start.
The money started up on what?
6.59.
6.59 and what?
So we got the, close to 800 now.
Like I said, we got an outside shot.
I doubt it.
I'm going to make it an awkward camera.
Fuse 26.
Leave the gun.
Take the canolae 22.
Go ahead.
Make my day 10.
I'm dying over here.
Nine.
Say hello to my little friend.
Eight.
Bond.
James Bond.
Six.
At least me like limp.
You talking to me?
Five.
You ferry four.
I'll have what she's having for.
Just walk away three.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid, too.
Play it, Sam, and then play it again, too.
See, he doesn't say play it again, Sam.
Never said it.
Right.
Three now.
Do you know who I am?
I'm old greens, God, too.
I have no idea why.
You, look, what's a youth, too?
Frankly, my dear Adam, give it to him, too.
I'll be back, too.
Get the honey, Jr.1.
Life is like a box of chocolates, one.
And none.
If you build it, they will come.
Or it's not a tumor.
It's not a tumor.
I'll see you in my dreams, Sam.
I don't think so, Leon.
Woo!
Love him 56 at 5.60 WQAM.
Where are you?
It's me at 12.00 to 1 hour on WQAM.
WQAM.
WQAM.
I'm bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
And what I'll make a speech, people's eyes open wide.
And Obama shrieks, because he thinks that I've lied.
And I'll mess with it, baby.
Slinging my disuch fun, to go vote for my lady.
Cause I'm bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Okay, 12.00 to 5.60 WQAM.
Happy Monday to you.
Maureen Downs got a call in New York Times today.
You want to hear it?
Do it.
Ready or not, here it comes.
The vodka chronicles.
She says, John McKean, saucy mother says her boy was always a scamp and a hell razor.
And one of the senators, Ray Charms, is that he wore those Appalachians proudly.
So it was quite disheartening Thursday to see McCain's spokeswoman telling the Associated
Press an astray about how sending McCain, Hupter, Husband, Philip, Clerk, Rare, Bloom,
with her multi-million dollar fortune from the family beer business, that the senator
is a virtual tea totler.
Senator McCain rarely, if ever, drinks alcohol, Jill Hazel Baker, avert.
McCain's pals know him as a man who enjoys libations of vodka with little green cocktail
olives.
Over the years, it dinners with reporters I know to the end of the habit of ordering one
double vodka and sifting it slowly.
And there was that famous Hillary McCain, Estonian drink-off in 2004, when Hillary instigated
a vodka's shot contest, and McCain agreed with a laquity even though he later offered
a sketchy denial.
Maybe now that he's the presumptive Republican nominee, his campaign wants to put his
vices in a vice and sanitize the wild side of the man whose nicknames in high school were
punk, nasty, and mcnasty.
Next till tonight he likes to gamble in Vegas, I'll put 50 grand on bomber ran with three
to one odds, socialize with liberals, and lash out at people who annoy him.
As a tabla, he had tiny rages.
I would go off in a mad frenzy and then suddenly crash to the floor unconsciously, his parents
would drop him into a bathtub of icy water.
At his camp, what is it?
I can't, there's a line here that's missing.
Well, that's the way it goes, you know.
It says if his campaign is bold, bold, bold, bold, let's hope it stops before he's a
bladmicked nice.
Bold, bold, what is that?
I don't know, never heard of that.
Well, that's Marine again.
And she comes up with words that haven't been invented yet.
That aren't even the dictionary.
Americans, after all, don't trust candidates without any vices.
They got turned off by the picture perfect Mitt Romney, whose khakis were never wrinkled
on his hairstate eerily in place, even while he was jogging into campaign commercial.
Do we really need McCain officiating on drinking and Obama putting up a smoke screen on smoking?
Ever since Chicago reported his fall, the up and coming Obama saw him flicking his ashes
and busts out the windows of moving vehicles.
The senators had a testy relationship with the press about his addictions to cigarettes
and littering.
Obama wrote Run Report Around His Blog as one of those repransable nicotine addicts
who seems to believe that his world is his astray.
When Chris Matthews tried to pin a bomb down on him when he'd had his last cigarette,
he radiated, radiated guilt even though he'd dryly known to the having your wife say on
60 minutes that if you see Barack with a cigarette, let me know as a heck of an deterrent.
I fell off the wagon a couple of times during the course of it and was able to get back
on the candidate admitted, but it's a struggle like everything else.
In his book and last week's viol tour, McCain painted himself as a cool bad boy.
He was a girl loving authority to find plain crashing top gun.
In his memoir, Obama played up his vices to depict himself as a cool bad boy too,
recalling that he had smoked pot and done a little blow.
But now the two men are sticking to the straight and narrow.
Everyone may imagine that Obama and his press corps spent all their time cropping champagne
and celebrating the astonishment of his very being, but the candidate is boringly abstemious.
Abstemuous?
What?
And reporters traveling with him find him a luth.
Reading her columns is just, it's a real treat because they're words that, like I said,
always, every time.
And reporters traveling with him find him a luth.
On a 2005 trip to Russia, he previously requested that his vodka shock glass be filled
with water.
Oddly Hillary, a tracy flick withy two shoes growing up, is the only one who seems to be enjoying
her vices, even beyond the lights she takes in the dark and costly Mark Pinn, now gone,
and the guster with which he be dazzled her resume, and then be dazzled some more
once he got caught be dazzling.
Her campaign doesn't deny that she likes to kick back at the end of a long day, with
the vodka on her plane.
But Clinton is a cautionary tale about what happens if you surrounded two-minute cheerish
vices, crude tales from burgling, international jet-setting, cholesterol-charming and race-baiting,
bill has gotten raspy and lost his legendary charm.
He blew up at a California super-delegate who objected that Bill Richardson, a former
Clinton cabinet member, was being painted as Judas because he wasn't willing to transfer
his affections from Bill to Hillary and no doubt one-day to Chelsea.
The express railed against the political elite and said it was a bunch of bull that the
recalls for Hillary to leave the race.
In Lawrenceburg in the end he dubbed himself a rural hitman for his wife.
Trolish Bill doesn't even follow his own advice.
According to the Clinton tax returns, he gave only a million dollars to charity out of
the 6.3 million and he made for his book Giving, even though his income has gone up 69%
since his White House years.
Let the big dog off his leash, there can be virtue in a little vice, says Maureen.
Adorned with several words in there that have been invented.
I think she just makes him a monk.
Maybe.
How would we know?
We wouldn't.
I guess we could look him up.
But let's not.
134 votes on your poll, Chris.
I do like that poll about the actress or actresses who were tight-cast.
Right.
Tracy from Kendall who initially sent that wanted to add Daniel Radcliffe, Harry Potter.
No.
They never see that.
They never going to see it.
But I know you might want to see him now that he's grown up.
I might.
Yeah.
Why, he looks good.
So they've said, girl, big good guy guy.
I'll pass.
I'll stick with Stephen the whole thing.
I'll send you a picture.
All those girls can't be.
Yeah, send me pictures of Harry's potters.
Frank Riches said, happened in No One Care.
Do I have time for this before the break?
I don't know.
It's long.
In fact, I'm not going to read the whole thing.
Says really Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton should be ashamed of themselves for leveling
John McCain.
As a growing chorus reiterates that they're refrains that Mr. McCain is willing to send
our troops into another hundred years of war in Iraq.
As Mr. Obama said, we're willing to keep this war going for a hundred years.
Permins Clinton are flat out wrong.
What Mr. McCain actually said in New Hampshire Town Hall meeting was that he could imagine a
hundred-year-long American rule in Iraq, like her long-term presence in South Korean
Japan where Americans are not being injured or harmed or wounded or killed, see for yourself
on you...
CUBE!
But says you can click on the link on Frank Rich's column.
But Mr. McCain shouldn't protest too much about the Democrats' bogus attack.
For him, this side show is a political lifeline, allowing him to skate away from his many other
far more worrying canards about Iraq.
If anything, that misused quote may be one of his more benign fairy tales.
How delightful to fantasize that staying the Bush-Patria's cross-walled transformer
rack into Pacific post-war Japan, Iraq sets him remained in each other's throat since
the country was carved out of the Ottoman Empire after World War I.
Perhaps magical thinking can bring peace to Israel and the Palestinians too.
Everything else Mr. McCain has to say about Iraq is more troubling, and I don't mean
just his recent serial gaff complaining she had Iran and Sunni Qaeda, the sum total of
his public record suggests that he could well prolong the war for another century, not
because he's the crazed militarist portrayed by the Democrats, but through sheer inertia,
vag judgment, and blundering.
So far, his bizarre pronouncements have been drawn up by the Democrats' den.
They've also been underplayed by a press that coddles old man's straight talk, and
that really looks more deeply into the surge of success propaganda than it did to Mr. Bush's
announcement of the end of major combat operations five years ago.
The electorate doesn't want to hear much anyway about a war long ago soundly rejected.
For the majority of Americans who haven't met any of the brave troops have been cabled
early tossed into the quagmire, the war is out of sight and mine, and a way of yet
numb really never was.
Only 28% of Americans knew American casualties in Iraq when they were in 4,000 last month
according to the Pew Research Center.
The project for excellence in journalism found that by March 2008, the percentage of prominent
news stories that were about Iraq had fallen to about a fifth of what was in January 2007.
It's a poignant commentary on the whole war that Iraq and Afghanistan veterans of America,
the nonpartisan advocacy group was reduced to protesting the lack of coverage.
That's why it's no surprise that so few stopped to observe the disaster six-day battle
of buzzer that ended last week, a mini-tet that belived the success of the surge.
Even fewer notice that the presumptive Republican nominee seemed at least as oblivious to
what was going on as President Bush no tiny feet.
You think John McCain's got tiny feet?
G.I don't know.
And it goes on.
Frank Rich, Colin Rippling McKin and Ashe, so richly deserves.
So anyway, I think he looked as a Martian, but I sent you a really gay picture that all
the girls are googoo gaga about.
Of Harry Potter?
Potter.
Daniel Radcliffe in these stage play.
He did that play Equus, where he ran around naked a lot and all the women are swooning
in the gaga too.
So the cover swooning about that ugly broad, the guys are probably swooning about what's
his name's wife.
What's his name?
Stephen Stray.
The one I just, you know, you did it.
Oh yeah, yeah.
Both of them are so out of my mind.
Really?
Yeah.
They got nothing I'm interested in.
Neither one of them.
Well, on Saturday night, Ricky Tiki Sanchez was hyperventilating and CNN was in just
in super heat mode about history in elder brother Texas.
And Ricky Tiki Sanchez was like, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, just
going nuts.
More than 200 women and children have been removed from a Texas ranch his home that's
home.
Let me try it again.
From a Texas ranch, that's home to members of a public in the sec, but authorities haven't
identified the girl yet who called them with allegations of abuse.
The 16-year-old girl who called her 30s last week with allegations of physical and
sexual abuse at the compound, maybe in the group and using a different name.
Marley Meisner spoke to them for Texas child protective services said a news conference
yesterday.
I'm confident that this world does indeed exist, Meisner said.
I'm confident that the allegations she brought forth are accurate.
Since Thursday, authorities have removed 159 children and 60 of them from the fundamentalist
Church of Jesus Christ at Latter-day Saints compound in elder brother Texas.
18 of the girls have been taken into state custody.
Authorities believe all had been abused or with the immediate risk of future abuse
a state spokesman said.
The others in our house in the shelter in San Angelo about 45 miles north of El Dorado
were them in question about abuse.
It's certainly emotional for the children, but they're with caretakers, people that are
accustomed to being with at the time, Meisner said.
Many of the adults said they shelter our parents or relatives of the children she said.
Warren Jeffs, the 52-year-old leader and prof of the 10,000-member FLDS, was convicted
in Utah last year and two consubing accomplices to rape charges related to a marriage he'd
performed in 2001.
He still faces trial in Arizona at 8 charges of sexual conduct with a minor, something
incest and conspiracy.
Credits of the sex he had forced his girls as young as 13 into arranged marriages, these
are good religious folks by the way keep that in mind.
Meisner said the adults cooperated with the child protection officials as authorities
continue to search for more children.
And arrest warrant was served last week for Dale Evans Barlow, 50, who authorities believed
father to child with a 16-year-old girl he had married.
As of Saturday night, Barlow hadn't been found and child welfare workers couldn't confirm
whether the girl or her child had been found.
The rogue church bought nineteen under the acres in the elder bottle four years ago and
built what caused the YFZ ranch.
Now home to as many as four hundred members who moved from compounds in Arizona and Utah,
YFZ is a reference to a song written by Jeffs, yearning for Zion.
Previous visits by CNN revealed the ranch was guarded by armed men equipped with night vision
gear and other high-tech surveillance tools to prevent intruders.
Now what was the other one?
What they burned everybody up, what that was that one called?
The one in Waco, the brandy, the videons.
The brandy videons in Waco, baby, more good religious, like that.
David Kareish.
Oh yeah, remember that.
Remember the day on IOD when they turned the door?
Sure, we'll do the play by play.
The oak was burned by burn.
The windows and the other were.
They had this burning low for Jesus.
Oh no, not that kind.
Not that kind of burning.
Yeah, we took a couple of calls on Friday.
I wish you'd have been here.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm really glad I wasn't.
Why not?
Cornus was with us, Josh Cornus.
Yeah.
He's a little bit on the surly side if you ask me, but he's alright.
I don't blame it.
Well, it's his idea for the calls.
What?
It was his idea for the calls.
He was his idea.
I was trying to take a couple of calls and you know, so he deserved what he got.
Some people never learned.
So, in charge of the accol
you're police hole.
Okay.
What?
Are you doing boss?
I'm not feeling well.
Yeah, Goofy told me at some surgery.
What's wrong?
They had to put a new anus in me.
I watched her.
Yeah, I'm on my car too, Carrefer.
I don't even know what to say to that.
Tell me about it.
I was just putting a new anus in somebody who doesn't poop.
Anyway, what is wrong?
I'm just returning your call, sir.
Oh, I didn't call you.
Yes, sir.
I got a messenger that I didn't call you.
Yes, boss.
What do you want?
I thought you'd want to talk about me.
I don't remember.
I called you.
Why didn't you call me back?
I'm calling you back now, sir.
No, I know, but you should have called me back before.
I want to talk about dancing with the stars.
Oh, what a fantastic season.
Big numbers for the program.
It is a new anus because it pooped.
It's just terrible.
Sir, what do you mean?
It's fantastic.
I'm crying out loud.
Why can't we get a star?
Sir, we've got a wide array.
A lot of stars on the program.
Only Macklin.
Yeah?
Only Macklin.
She's an Oscar winner.
She's beef.
She's what, sir?
Beef.
She's a thief.
I said she's beef.
Are you?
Sir, I don't follow.
I'm putting the emphasis on the e-deaf.
The comedic purposes.
Oh.
Don't be a favor.
Go back to the man for parents when she's interviewing
Miley Macklin.
There's no need to put the microphone in front of her face.
Get a ride.
She's beef.
She's beef.
That's exactly right.
Okay, sir.
You're wearing me out.
Do the windows in your office open?
No, so I believe they're sealed.
Then you know what you've got to do.
Yeah.
I've got chairs.
I've got the window.
Right.
And follow it out and try to catch it before it hits the ground.
Well, sir, wouldn't I perish when I hit the ground?
Uh-huh.
We got Steve Pritz and Berg on the show with the stupid faces.
And you're telling me Penn Joet's a star?
Well, sir, he's quite a popular magician.
We should've went with the other ones.
But he doesn't speak.
Why not skip a year or two and maybe get somebody?
And what are two people recognize?
But, sir, they're all stars.
Who's the Mexican...
The Mexican, sir?
Uh-huh.
I don't believe there's a Mexican.
There's a Mexican on there.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You mean Christian De La Fuente?
He's a huge Latin TV star.
And, sir, he's not actually Mexican.
He's a Chalien.
Oh, he's why?
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Chalien.
Who cares?
Hey, you got Christie Amagou.
She's phone number handy.
I love Leah Jim this morning.
Oh, actually, she was a figure skater, sir.
Oh, whatever.
She's Vendible.
Yeah, she's very dependable.
I mean, she really compacts it.
No, the Pendable.
Pendable.
Oh, the f***ing.
But, like, yeah, she's dependable.
Speak and dependable.
I'm still waiting for Shaleberg's phone number.
I hear she gets it out.
Like, can they?
Oh, get me some of that.
Shaleberg, sir?
Yeah, the dancer girl.
She's been out every year.
She's on the show with the Mexican.
The Chalien.
Chalien.
Right.
Why ain't she to end up with me, Eisner?
It's Iger, sir.
Huh?
It's Iger, sir.
Oh, whatever.
Don't call me again, please.
Okay, sir.
I have a new amus.
I heard that.
I need your help later.
Get that thing working.
Working?
You don't hear this afternoon with a hose, huh?
Okay, 12.19.
And I don't know who this is, one of our regular factors.
It says, number one line from dog day afternoon.
Kiss me.
I like to be kissed while I'm being effed.
Yeah.
I remember that line I didn't know it was from a dog day.
I guess it was if they say so.
And you know what I say about that?
No chance.
No.
Is that a line that's anybody's piece?
Nope.
Is that a line anybody remembers even?
Nope.
No.
And anyway, 150 SMI votes on the poll.
What do we got?
150 water, Chris.
1 to 6.
Woo!
Favorite line from the movie is I'm going to make an offer we can't refuse 32.
Leave the gun, take the canola 29.
Here we go.
Godfather battle.
Go ahead, make my day 13.
Say hello to my little friend 12.
I'm dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
9.
You talking to me 9?
Bond.
James Bond 6.
You ferry.
You ferry.
You ferry.
6.
I'll have what he's having 6.
Be afraid.
Be very afraid 5.
You.
What's a you 5?
Just walk away 4.
Play it again.
Play no.
I see that.
I start to say that because that's what we all say.
It's not what he said.
Right.
Play it same and then play it again.
3.
You hated that movie, right?
You must remember this.
Yes.
And rightfully so.
It was a black.
Blue.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn 3.
I'll be back 3.
You know who I am?
I'm more green 2.
Get the honey, junior 1.
If you build it, they will come 1.
Life is like a box of chocolates 1.
It's not a 2-ma 1.
Out of 150, so mad.
A favorite line from the movie.
Tortured Guantanamo was sanctioned by the most senior advisors to the President, the Vice
President, and the Secretary of Defense.
According to the International Law and Professor of Law at University of College London,
Philippe Sands.
I wonder if he's related to Ryan Philippe.
I'll answer.
Philippe?
What?
I'll ask.
Who was conducted a forensic exam of the Chanukhamei leading from the top of the administration
to the Camped Guantanamo Vanity Fair reports on the new stands this week?
The article directly contradicts the administration's account to Congress with place responsible
of the unmilitary commanders and interrogators on the ground for the practices banned by
the Geneva conventions.
Sands reports that the senior advisors faced a real-risk criminal investigation if they
set foot outside the U.S. despite the Military Commission's act signed in law by President
Bush in 2006.
The hitch is that their immunity is good only with the U.S. borders, and rather than protecting
them, they act may lead to an eventual investigation by foreign governments.
For some, the future may hold a tap on the shoulder.
Sands consulted a judge and prosecutor, Major European City, both of whom are familiar
with these sorts of cases.
The prosecutor called the act very stupid, explaining that it would make it much easier
for investigators outside the U.S. to argue that possible war crimes would never be addressed
in their home country.
It's a matter of time the judge sold Sands and then something unexpected happens when
one of those lawyers travels to the wrong place.
Sands talks with everyone from a high-level members of the administration to soldiers
on the ground of Gitmo among them Douglas Fythe, former undersecretary defense general
Richard Myers, former joint chiefs chairman, and Lieutenant Colonel Diane Diver, who
was charged with writing a document providing legal authority for harsh interrogation.
Leave it to Diane Diver.
I think that sure could be on the air.
It's probably on Nickelodeon, isn't it?
It's on one of those, the wife watches it all the time.
This year really?
Yeah, I don't know why.
There's nothing else on it.
It's just fine.
It's still wearing those thin black belts, those plastic belts.
Yeah, it is.
Duffy, Buffy hair.
It's all there.
Yeah.
Tony Dow, as the Diver.
No, Tony, that wasn't the Diver.
Well, mad to mad, there's Jerry Madness.
Jerry Madness has the Diver.
Tony, you bow my head.
Barbara Billingsley.
Right.
Well, that's back in the 50s, man.
When everything was very simple and very boring, and nobody did anything exciting.
Like Ozzy and Harriet.
Three trillion dollar estimate, maybe two low, our original estimate.
Joseph Stiglitz and Linda Bill Mies, our original estimate of the cost of the back war,
was too conservative, and reality, the cost of the U.S. will be much higher.
Oh, what's three trillion among friends?
Well, I could sure have a good time with that.
President Bush has tried to give the impression that the three trillion dollar estimate of the
total cost of the war that we provided in our new book, maybe exaggerated, they say.
We believe that it is in fact conservative.
Even the president would have to admit that the 50 to 60 billion dollar estimate given by the
administration before the war was wildly off the mark.
There's little reason that any confidence in their arithmetic, they admit to a cost so
far of 600 billion.
Our number is different from theirs for three reasons.
First, we're estimating the total cost of the war under alternative conservative scenarios,
derived from the Defense Department of Congressional Budget Office.
We're not looking at McCain's 100-year scenario, we assume that we are there in diminished
strength only through the 2017.
But neither are we looking at a scenario that sees our troops pulled out within six months,
with operational spending going on at $12 billion a month, and with every year costing
more than the last, it's easy to come to a total operational cost that is double the
$600 billion already spent.
Second, we include war expenditures hidden elsewhere in the budget, and budgetary expenditures
that we would have to incur in the future, even if we left tomorrow.
Most important of these are future costs of caring for the 40% of returning veterans,
they're likely to suffer from disabilities and excesses of $600 billion.
Second, we're more veterans costed and taken until 1993, and we're stirring the military
to its pre-war strength.
If you include interest and interest on the interest, with all the word that finance,
the budgetary costs quickly amount.
Finally, our $3 trillion estimate also includes cost of the economy that go beyond the budget.
For instance, the cost of caring for the huge number of returning disabled veterans,
that go beyond the cost borne by the federal government, in one out of five families
with a serious disability, someone has to give up a job.
The macroeconomic cost are even larger.
Almost every expert we've talked to have raised the war has had something to do
with the rise in the price of oil.
It wasn't just an accident that oil prices began to soar at the same time that the war began.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for those high gas prices.
We've been criticized, but for being excessively conservative,
including only $5 to $10 of the $75 to $85 increase in the price of oil since then.
Money spent on the war on a Nepalese contractor working in Iraq doesn't stimulate the economy
as much as money spent on hospitals or researcher schools at home.
These contradictory efforts were temporarily covered up, hidden by the flood of liquidity
and tax regulations that led to the housing bubble and a consumption boom with household savings plummeting to zero.
But this simply postponed paying these costs and increased them.
With the exception of a few lonely surviving supply-shotters, most economists believe that deficits matter,
and the huge deficits to finance the war will have their toll on the long run.
Deficits matter in both the short run and the long run.
They help crowd out private investment that would have stimulated the economy far more than worst managers
and reduce investments, reduce long-run productivity.
With 40 percent of the funds borrowed from abroad, Americans will be sending interest payments abroad,
lower living standards at home, if finally even Chairman Prenanky formerly the President's economic advisor
admits that the deficits have reduced the room to maneuver the ability of government to respond to the looming economic crisis.
Spending so much on the war has economic consequences, even if you don't think there's any connection between the war
and the economy's current woes.
In adding up the quantifiable cost of the war, it's not hard to come up with a number in excess of $3 trillion.
In putting a $3 trillion price tag on the war, we believe we have been excessively conservative.
A $4 or $5 trillion tag would be more reasonable.
And remember, this is just a cost for America.
The biggest name is Long Down!
A $1 million for a $5 million GM!
The sports leader.
Whoa!
A bitch named Joyce said no part noise took away our sound effects, so it gave up.
Having parted since then.
F***ing f***ing.
She wants to assassinate the only show that gets the bills paid.
F***ing having parted since then.
No, no, no, no.
Will children do anything it takes to defend invalidate the behavioral corporate reprobate?
She gave up having parted since then.
She'll go as far as doing herself to make her life a stinkin' pen.
And gave up having parted since then.
Don't do this and don't say that.
Unless you're a hard-forced, poor, old bad.
And gave up having parted since then.
Well, what floats in the toilet bowl is what she knows about radio?
She wants to destroy our show.
F***ing having parted since then.
She gave up having parted since then.
Property to a $5.50 WM2.
Happy Monday, too, in an interview Sunday on CNN.
One time, it's interesting the way this is worded.
One time, gay conservative funded Andrew Sullivan is a gay anymore.
That's the way it's worded.
It's a never-dickulous?
Yes.
Andrew Sullivan asserted that bush officials who worked on a memo authorizing legal use of torture
should not leave the country because they will at some point be indicted for war crimes.
Sullivan studied, specifically, former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld,
one time White House lawyer John U, who penned the so-called 2003 torture memo,
and Dave Annington, Vice President Chinese, then lawyer in our chief of staff.
That's Chini.
Court of Christmas, please.
Don't forget Dick Chini.
Not Chini.
Chini.
He hangs out with the Chini Alps.
A deal of a lot of delegates from Florida and Michigan to participate at the DNC
is unlikely before summer party chief Howard Dean said yesterday.
Dean said that was partly because presidential candidates Hillary Rodham Clinton and Barack Obama
want to focus on the coming round of contests two weeks from the Marl, Pennsylvania.
And by the way, the latest Pennsylvania poll?
Yeah.
They just showed on CNN a little while ago she's only seven point ahead.
Next on the schedule.
Why?
I said, OK.
Well, she was like in double digits.
And then it was down to low double digits, 12 and 11 and now down to seven.
And wrapping like Iraq, Iraq.
Iraq?
Yeah.
Next on the schedule, Pennsylvania April 22, Indiana North Carolina on May 6,
followed by several other states in U.S. territories, floating in June turd.
But he continued to express confidence and the agreement could be reached to see delegates from both states.
It's going to take some time to work that out because these candidates are really focused on these primary battles in Pennsylvania
and West Virginia and North Carolina and so forth and so on Dean told space donation on CBS.
And so it's going to take some time to work this out.
But I think we can work it out.
I want to work it out.
He said, let him play the Beatles.
We can work it out.
His great song would don't play it.
I might.
Don't.
If you know what's good for you, don't.
Boy, it's sunny.
It's beautiful outside.
I don't think I'm going to hang around here too.
Here's George.
Hey, hey, hey, everybody.
Here are the Beatles.
Don't you dare.
During a separate abbey on ABCs this week, Dean said I...
It's my race.
During a separate abbey on ABCs this week, Dean said I agree when I asked for whether a solution will have to wait until after the last democratic contest in South Dakota and Montana on June turd,
and after the remaining super delegates have said which candidate they support.
The DNC, we have to keep reading about this Florida and Michigan and Michigan and Florida, but a beat bit of boop bit of op.
Both states have abandoned their plans to do hold over contest by demanding to be included in the process.
Dean has had talks with officials in both states but says a bomb uncleant must be part of any deal.
The former First Lady trails a bomb both in a popular vote and pledge delegates one of the primaries and caucuses and has said that she will take her fight for the nomination to the August convention in Denver and in Denver,
and her professor said I would screw the party and screw the country.
It's all about what's good for swallowing, no matter how divisive it is, no matter how good it is for McCain, screw everybody is what she's saying.
Am I right?
Yes, that's it.
Dean is also the super delegates, the nearly 800 elected other democratic officials who are free to vote for, whomever they choose, to take a position soon after the voting ends to vote a convention fight.
More than half the super delegates have said which candidate they will support.
With only two candidates left, Dean said the nominee should be evident by June 1.
Unless this is a dead heat, there's no reason to go to Denver.
If the unpleased delegates will make their preferences clear and the voters will make their preferences clear, which will be about the third of June.
And we'll know who our nominee is and we can win Dean said on CBS but a beat but a boot put about whatever that means.
But there's Alia Fulton again on CNN.
He's just, he's like a wallpaper on there and I mean he's like, like Ricky Sanchez, the two of them, they're on there and Candy Cowley.
He's like fat wallpaper.
Am I right?
Yes.
I'll take your word for it. I don't want to act crap.
200, why do I watch it? Because I have to. I don't want to watch it. I'd rather watch the end of the drug day afternoon. I'll find it.
It's probably over by now, wouldn't it?
We'll find out.
Weird science. A weird science isn't that the movie would, uh, Johnson's not.
No blood, no decay, just a few stitches.
Isn't that the movie I'm thinking of with weird science with, uh, no, no.
For my science project was any maybe that was it.
Losing it.
Well, that's another one. What, what, what, what did you do? Google it?
No, I was talking about you. You're losing it.
No, that was the name of the movie.
With Tom, Tommy Cruz.
Weird science, billable hours, earth, the final conflict, Nash Bridges, Melrose Place,
double the UConn, Nubes, Trepis, Death Wish War, the Virgin Suicides,
and...
Why are there a commercial drug day afternoon? It's not over yet. What time is it finished?
1240.
Oh, and it's finished.
What a shame. How we just missed the end.
Hello.
Some people deserve to die.
I'll fire you for better to go.
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Oh, my...
Now, I'm really pissed off.
Buffy, the band part is like, that's a good line, but we're not going to put it on there.
Now I'm really pissed off. That's cute.
Wouldn't you say? No?
Don't be.
So many lines in so little time.
Did you just a godfather once, and the ones from Glen Gary Glen Ross?
Give me a job.
Give me a job with me on the Cadillac board.
And then the whole, uh, you fairy.
Where did you learn to trade, you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men, what you're hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you?
To help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living?
You company man. You fairy.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't have real projects.
You're 305. 60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Hey, Neil. This is Randy West.
And as per our phone conversation, I talked to Peter Northeer today.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down.
And he's still ain't interested in it.
If you love those great songs from those great mafia movies, you flip over real mob hits.
Not only does real mob hits give you more of that great mob music, but you also get awesome sounds of real mob hits.
Like Luke of the Icepick Fyama, getting hits at the 106th Street Barbershop.
Forget about it.
Or who can forget, solid a fish, getting the old piano wire across the trope.
And the cross hit me up.
If I remember correctly, it was a B flat.
So what a real mob hits now.
If you know what's good for you, just by dialing 1-800-Botter-Bean.
Real mob hits.
Hey, it's real.
Forget about it.
I'm trying to.
It's a 12-whatever 12.
Look at that.
12-43-5-60-WQAM.
And Jerry, what can you hear this?
And Jerry in the inquest in Diana's death said her death was unlawful.
Oh, I'm not.
I can't even read it.
Yeah, the Jerry and the Diana princes of Wales in question.
They returned a verdict among lawful-killing, through negligence driving of her car, and the following paparazzi vehicles.
What did I tell you about the Brits?
The corner in the inquest in the deaths of Princess Diana and her boyfriend Dilephry,
earlier Monday, told the Jerry their verdict didn't have to be unanimous.
Corner Lord, justice, Scott Baker, told the 11 jurors that he would accept a verdict if none of them agreed.
The Jerry had been liberating since April 2.
The British inquest in the August 3, 1997 Vest began in October after a decade of British
and French police investigations and French court proceedings.
The jury's role was to determine how the victims died.
It had no authority to blame any individual.
How much have we a fight out who killed Koch Robin?
And what about Abe Lincoln?
What do you think?
It was John Wilkes in the booth.
So what you're thinking about Abe Lincoln?
He was stinking.
I bet he was.
The jury's first task, following six months of testimony.
Back in the day, back when people used to wear all those layers of clothing.
And there wasn't really a whole lot of deodorant.
Or bathing going on.
Oh, Jesus.
Can you imagine the aroma that could put you in a coma?
I'm sure they're a relative thing.
You get used to a smell.
If that was just the smell of everything, you probably didn't notice it.
Right.
Like a family event all stings.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Don't even notice it.
You know people that you talk about that go to woodbind, they must be oblivious to their
own weak.
Of course, see.
So they probably don't notice anybody else is either for that matter.
The jury's first task, following six months of testimony, was to decide whether French
investigators got a right within days of dying as death when they concluded that her speeding
driver, Henri Paul, was drunk.
The second issue for this sort of six women and five men was whether they paparazzi who
chased the princes around Paris, bore a heavy responsibility for the deaths.
Baker had previously asked for unanimous verdicts on both deaths, but said a majority of her
to be accepted if the jury was dead locked.
In summing up on April 2, Baker told the jury to consider whether Diane and five would
have lived if they were wearing seatbelts and whether Diane would have survived if she
had been taken to the hospital faster.
Baker said there was no evidence that the British Secret Service or any other government agency
had anything to do with the crash as far as father has alleged.
The inquest is the official British inquiry of the deaths of the princes in Fayette and
that Paris car crash.
August 31, 1997, while they were fleeing paparazzi photographers, it began October 2,
as already cost more than $6 million to taxpayers' money.
Another waste, but then again, you know, they're all family.
They can't waste enough to make them happy, especially that freaking queen.
More than 240 witnesses have given evidence, including Diane's close friends, Prince Phillips,
private secretary, the former and other secret intelligence service, and Diane's former
Barbara Paul Barrell.
I wonder Prince Phillips are a hospital yet, you think?
He had a bad chest infection.
He was ill and lost with his friends.
Hopefully, he said, I'm dying over here.
Well, if he died right on the heels of Orphus, what?
Orph with their heads.
Offered all those Brits, those Battenbergs, man, those Staggie Brits, that whole royal family,
what kind of stupid people would put up with that crap?
I guess even dumber than the people who put up with Bush, right?
4,000 plus den American soldiers, any word that was based on lies that's still going
on?
That's not a word that's going on.
It's an occupation that's going on.
But nevertheless, I'm going to make them an Arfer Can't Refuse's winning 44.
Leave the gun, take the canole 36.
Leave the gun.
Take the canole.
I'm going to make them an Arfer Can't Refuse.
During an appearance on Fox News Sunday, John McCain again repeated the false claim that
Moktaught Al Saadu declared the ceasefire in Boswell last week and said he thought the Iraqi
army was performing well.
It was Al Saadu that declared the ceasefire, not Maliki, said McCain with respect.
I don't think Saadu would have declared the ceasefire if he thought he was winning.
Most times in history, military engagements, the winning side doesn't declare the ceasefire.
The second point is overall the Iraqi military performed pretty well.
The military is functioning very effectively, said and seen McCain.
He's a crazy person.
As the blog think progress notes, it was members of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki's government
who broke the ceasefire to which Saadu agreed.
Experts agreed that Saadu's influence was strengthened rather than diminished by the
Boswell battle.
It's not the first time McCain is aired when talking about a rack last month he wrongly
said that Iran trains al-Qaeda members.
McCain made the gap right in the middle of an official visit in the Middle East that was
supposed to highlight his knowledge in foreign affairs and there was due Liberman Westbring
Sweden, others who were zero.
Kill the Arabs, kill the Arabs.
Humman Dreg.
His common knowledge has been reported in the media that al-Qaeda is going back to Iran
and receiving training in Iraq and are coming back into Iraq.
That's well known.
The 71-year-old Vietnam War veteran said, pressed by reporters about allegations, McCain
said we continue to be considered about the Iranians taking al-Qaeda into Iran and training
them and sending them back.
It was only after fellow Senator Jew Liberman was traveling with him, whispered into
a zero that McCain corrected himself.
I'm sorry the Iranians are training extremists, not al-Qaeda, not al-Qaeda, I'm sorry.
He said, he don't know what he's talking about.
He's just a little pasty face, that's all.
And that business about how he doesn't drink, yeah, likely story, okay, he looks like
a pasty face drunk to me.
As by Chris Wallace on the about the recent news in the New York Times that up to a thousand
or Mackey soldiers had refused to serve, McCain implied the news was good because it showed
improvement from past performance.
Compare that to two years ago when the army was unable to function anyway effectively
McCain said, look, I didn't especially like the outcome of this thing, but I'm convinced
that we now have a government that's governing with some effect and a military that's functioning
very effectively.
Up in Mosul where some of the best units are, they're functioning well.
I've always said Chris, it's long and hard and tough.
We're playing a huge penalty for a failed strategy.
I voted it hard against and I believe this strategy can and will succeed, but it'd be
for the boot put about.
And the public is worried about, is Jason Taylor going to be on dancing with the stars
again?
Isn't that what they're worried about?
Yes.
And how about the log for an AHEAT game, baby?
Are they done yet or what?
They've got like five more games.
Oh my god, get it over with already.
Will you please?
Just like that panther season.
My god, same old crap.
Think they joined out most of the year and then they put on that big meaningless run
there close to the end, they give them a couple of points of a playoff spot and then
they collapse and lose three in a row to like girls teams and that's it.
And now they miss by several points like eight or nine or something like that.
Some of them.
Yeah, nine.
And the other coaches going to get fired and the bout a big bit of boot put about.
And Alan Cohn, man, they ripped him on hockey night in Canada.
They ripped him in ass.
He doesn't know what he's doing.
Of course we knew that a long time ago.
I bet you Geltie could run it.
I'll put Geltie in charge.
Geltie and Denise Popman, at least get him both off the year anyway.
Favorite line from when we had 231 vote.
What do we have on the first one?
231.
And 659.
And 659 is 9890.
Like I said, we're not going to make no thousand altogether.
We got a shot, I think.
Don't we?
No, we don't.
Yeah, we do.
Since April 7th, don't you understand?
Now, when is Paisach?
Is that in five days?
Is that this coming up this weekend or something?
I don't know.
I thought we wrote it down.
We wrote it in.
Did you write it?
I don't know.
Now, you're thinking about Purim.
That must be it.
Well, Purim is long over here.
Yeah, pass over.
Paisach.
Paisach.
Paisach has won.
199.
Oh, we still got some time.
Thank God.
Plenty of time to go out there and get the matzah and the Paisachikhi candies, man.
Isn't that amazing that so many people, millions and millions, maybe billions of people will
do things because somebody else told them to do it.
Right?
You know what I'm saying?
Sure.
All the Getskis, man, all the religious sheep out there.
They do all sorts of things because like the Hail Mary's, you know, there was freight
over in the boat.
Hail Mary, you know, fishing.
And he couldn't get off the hook, even for old times sake.
Oh, that's bad.
That's bad.
That's what the fish said, the Tessio or the Tessio.
Can you get me off the hook?
Can you get me off the hook?
For old times sake.
For old times sake.
Can't do it, Sally.
Don't call me Sally.
And don't call me Shirley either.
That is a good line.
There's a lot of great lines in the airplane.
Like I guess I picked a bad time to quit sniffing glue or something like that.
Remember, I picked the wrong quick, weak to quit, filling the blank.
Yeah, that's right.
He had so, Lloyd Bridges.
He's still dead, by the way.
Is he?
I think so.
Oh, he better Google it.
What about Mickey Bridges?
He used to drive up in that race track in Orlando where they had the flies, the house flies
that were as big as elephants.
Have you ever seen those huge flies that bite the horse flies?
Yeah, that would they call them?
Yeah, that's the part they call.
Maybe that's why they had them at the horse track.
Like, seven old towns, I think it's a dog track now where maybe isn't there at all.
Outside of Orlando, in Kasimia, I believe it is.
I was there.
Mickey Bridges was driving there and Donnie braindered.
Oh my God.
Hey, Donnie, the rails over there, baby.
Way over there.
About a hundred yards to your left.
And they had flies as big as their fist.
No, not quite that big.
Maybe half your fist.
I'm serious.
I never seen flies that big and they bit and they were there the next day.
They made a lot of noise.
Yeah, there was a little flies.
What?
Those are horse flies.
Yeah.
And why are there a lot of horse flies around horses?
I don't know why they're called that.
Maybe because they're biggest horses or they like horses, I'm not sure.
I didn't mean them.
You think there was just a coincidence they were there at the horse track where there's lots
of horses and ashes around?
No.
Seven old towns in Orlando, baby.
Now we're talking.
And then, my race way, now we're talking some real horse racing.
So you're going to be a Gulf steam again on Friday.
This is going to be like a regular thing.
That's good.
Somebody likes this, actually.
Given talent, try to sustain that front.
Please do a few of your car.
I'll be with one for a long to go.
Jim's Irish eyes.
Jim's Irish eyes being tested by Captation.
Jim's Irish eyes still holding on to believe Captation.
Pull out.
Seventy yards to go.
Jim's Irish eyes now begins to draw away.
It will be Jim's Irish eyes.
It's dried so I'm about to have like with it.
That's the five horse and the second race that filled off your park, okay?
Oh, truly, truly.
Now back in my race track days, at Northfield Downs, we used to play the off.
We narrowed down our choices to two choices and two horses that we like, especially in a
trot because trotters tend to break more than paces.
Okay.
They break stride.
And my friend would go to the window and I'd give them money, you know, like whatever.
And tell them that twenty bucks to win on whichever one.
And the stand by the as close as you could where the race track was and you look out and
the starting gate in harness raising pulls away just before the start, like maybe just a fraction
of a mile before the start.
Okay.
And so you could watch and see if one of the horses would break or was going to get a good
start from the gate and you out for, you know, he bet the four horse or whatever.
And used to work pretty good bet the off.
See here a little free.
Now you can't do that in third bird racing because once the bell rings, you know, like
that's it when the starting gate opens, learn something new.
What do you mean by that?
I didn't know about either one of those two things, but in the off.
You didn't know that the when the bell goes off as the windows automatically shut?
Well, I assumed that I didn't know it was different in a harness.
It's your way.
It's the least it used to be.
I don't know whether that's still possible to play the off.
It's just another degenerate thing, you know.
All the degenerates, birds of a feather do stupid things together.
And speaking of doing stupid things together, the jerk show coming up and two.
Wow.
My name is Oma Baaz.
My name is Neil Rogers.
We're going to get five sixty QAM.
I'm the sports leader.
The water to two hours.
All right.
We are well married.
There's dead so we poured some from the faucets.
It was really cold and tasty.
We shouldn't have drank it.
Paranoid with the munchies, seeing stuff from outer space.
I was drinking when I found out my age two.
I always lay.
Drugs in the water.
This time, don't get you high.
Drugs in the water.
Run the drugs lab to my house.
Why do the kitchen things?
I really hope it's all right.
I'm going to start popping some heavy duty pills.
Like wash.
Work for him.
He's still on here.
Right.
Wait till you hear this story.
Do I have to wait?
Yeah, I'll make you wait.
I can tell me right now.
No, I can wait a couple hour and a half.
I'll tell you the middle of the jerk show.
In the middle of the stats, in the middle of the log, baby.
I don't play that music.
Last week, they could play that then drum music.
Did that?
Whatever that crap was.
Where did that come from?
Is it in the audio vault?
You mean the drums?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Coming up.
Yeah.
Well, that thing is the biggest piece of crap, you know.
Oh, there it is.
Okay, that's enough.
Let me say it again.
That's enough.
John McCain's temper is well documented.
He's called opponents and colleagues, Schmitthads, A-Holes, and in least in one case,
an effing jerk.
But a new book on the presumptive Republican nominee will air perhaps the most shocking
angry exchange to date.
Now, I can't read the word here, but the headline on this story, Nick Julianna in the
raw story, McCain's temper boiled over 92-tarade called wife A-C.
I see.
You know what I'm saying?
What the hell?
The real McCain by Cliff Schecter, which will arrive in bookstores next month, reports
an angry exchange between McCain and his wife that happened in full view of AIDS and
reporters during a 92 campaign stop.
An advanced copy of the book was obtained by raw story.
Three reporters from Arizona on the condition of anonymity also let me in on another incident
involving McCain's in temperness.
In his 92-centred bid, McCain was doing another campaign, treated by his wife Cindy,
as well as campaign aid, Doug Cole, and consultant West Gullet.
At one point Cindy playfully tore McCain's hair and said, you're getting a little thin
up there.
McCain's face reddened and he responded, at least I don't plaster on the makeup like
I've trollop you.
See you next time.
Ooooooo.
McCain's excuse was that it'd been a long day if elected president of the U.S.
McCain would have many long days.
It was long.
The man who was known as McNasting High School is erupted in foul language, tirades,
at political fos and congressional colleagues more or less throughout his career.
And his quickness to Wanger has been an issue on a presidential campaign trail as evidence
of his fury has surfaced.
As Schecter notes, McCain's rage is not limited to the political spectrum and even his family
can't be spared the brute force of his anger.
Schecter who also blogs the agonist and interview the anecdotes in early example of his
uncontrollable temper in the book he outlines several other examples of McCain losing his
cool and raises the question of how that would affect the McCain presidency.
Watched voters make of this pattern, in February 2008 Tim Russell succinctly described McCain
on MSNBC's Morning Joe, a devilish grin spread from ear to ear as Russell no-mokain-heater,
lean forward and spoke in whisper, he likes to fight.
Russell got it right, but the big question is whether McCain likes to fight, it's who,
when and how.
He likes to fight.
There's change between McCain and his wife wasn't before to anywhere when it happened,
Schecter said. In 1992, McCain's mentioned in the national media, revolved mostly around his
development in the Keating Five scandal and only local reporters closely followed his re-election bid.
McCain is well known for his report on the national media covering his presidential bid.
He's jokingly referred to the press as my base, but Schecter said this incident was a,
it was very not out of field either the Arizona Senate or rather was about uneasiness about how he
gets such a coarse exchange into a family newspaper and he didn't fall to local press for not covering
the incident. You can't say see you next time like in a herald, you know, like in the weekly reader.
Members of the media are squeamish-faring stuff like this so they let a ghost-sector told Ross
story back in 1992 when people used naughty words reporters don't know as much what to do with it.
Much has changed since then. President Bush's reference to a New York Times reporter as a
major league a-hole was important, at least, 47 newspapers during the 2000 campaign when the
off-cutter remark was overheard according to a database search. And more than a dozen newspapers
have reported to the Chinese recommendation that Senator Pat Wreck-Lahey F. yourself.
McCain and his aides have brushed off suggestions that his temper could impede his ability to
perform these sometimes delicate tasks as to the president. The candidate was asked about his
legendary temper-lised week on Fox News Sunday where he sent his ability to work across the aisle
while in the Senate. You can't scare people or intimidate them if you're going to reach
an agreement with your colleagues and your contemporaries and I've worked hard at that and that's
what the American people want McCain said. The second thing is if I lose my capacity for anger
then I shouldn't be president of the U.S. When I see wasting corruption in Washington I get angry.
I wonder if he says see you next time. McCain's campaign did not return a call from roster
he's even come at this morning. Checked it says McCain's anger is much more than a passion for
the issues. Lunkin only imagined what would happen if he came here to try to squeeze that temper
into the tight confines of diplomacy. The public certainly has to know what this guy
might do as president. Checked it says examples like the ones in his book should surely worry people
quite frankly and don't call me Shirley. There's your president. There's your knucklehead.
Secretary of State Connolly's a rice is also a dike. Fony dike. So hating dike. Not so real one.
Swirlery. Yeah. Mancoater. Laura Ingraham. All the right wingers all the time. All in the closet.
Is it? Favourite line from a movie is we got two 49. It's not that great. Well we got over 900.
We got 908 is that correct? Oh yeah. 908. You need 92 and not going to happen. We can do it. No you can't. We can do it. You will not. They're going to do it. They're going to come. Give it this we. I don't want. I'm not in on this.
I'll be happy with George being back there and come through. Oh yeah for me since I can't. George really cares about the pole so much. That's why they're going to do it.
You can do it. Yeah. Since you said that and on one vote. Say give him time to catch up. Remember we're like you know too many times.
Oh that's right. That's right. The delay. It'll take another like hour or two. Wait till about 4.30.
Today is one of those days. You know I don't know what it is but I just have that feeling again. Yeah.
Two o'clock you know packing a little bag putting my pills in there and stuff. Couple of hair underwear.
Uh huh. Getting in that potty. I can just hit in the old highway you know.
Yeah. Every once in a blue moon I get that hair up my ass you know. Really let have razors for those though. No.
No tweezers. I don't use no tweezers in my ass like you said right now. Just let go. Plaiers.
And I don't want no tongs near my ass either. What about some air? How are you spilling that by the way?
No no no no need. Oh now when I take you you send me a fast Harry Pond it. Oh yeah. No surprise the women are crazy by the way he looks you.
Oh my god. He is so grotesque. I wouldn't touch him with your tongue. Uh god.
Rose. Well Harry pot and he's supposed to be a sex pot now. Yeah well I seem better looking things in my toilet bowl this morning like uh what's his name said chicken neck.
251 you got two more you got 910. Not gonna happen. I'm sorry I even got in that. Why do I bring it up?
One two fifty three. Yeah. Not gonna happen. Mary Shaw says the right wingers certainly do like to exaggerate and twist things especially when it comes to sex.
For some reason they love to worry about what consulting adults are doing in the privacy of their own bedrooms and they want to dictate whom you can love and whom you cannot.
So now Reverend Donald Wildman of the American Family Association is accusing McDonald's of buying into the homosexual agenda. Why?
Because the fast food giant is contributed money to the national game lesbian chamber of commerce which for all its hate crimes and uh the
Implement on discrimination act in the.
Their forces. Well then they're just dedicated to pushing the homosexual agenda.
Wait a minute this seems to imply that McDonald's is doing something wrong by supporting organizations that support non-discrimination legislation.
In other words well then is telling us that it's wrong to support equality for all our citizens.
In other words wildman is telling us that discrimination is right and equality is wrong.
I don't know why Mary surprised him at back in 76 when he needed briacrap was going on. That was the whole thing. We have a right to discriminate.
We can hang out with whoever we like.
Yeah. Apparently he believes that some people are worthy of the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the constitution but other people are not.
And he believes that he's qualified to judge who is and who ain't. How arrogant is that?
Mary wants to know. Apparently he believes that gay and lesbian should be treated to second-file citizens because for some of reason he feels threatened by the private bedroom activity of others.
Apparently he believes that any person or any corporation supports fairness, equality and love is bangin' the homosexual agenda.
But what is the homosexual agenda Mary asks?
It's the right to be treated the same as anybody else to enjoy the same protection than freedoms as anybody else.
A homosexual agenda is about equality in respect for all people regardless of whom they sleep with.
The Declaration of Independence states we hold these truths to be self-evident that all men are created equal that they're endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights that among these are life liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
All men are created equal. All not just the head of a sexual wants, not just even straight.
And those rights are unalienable, says Mary. That quite simply is the homosexual agenda as bought into by Thomas Jefferson.
I bet you time Jefferson didn't know too many homos back in those days. He was busy screwing the slaves.
I don't know, I mean he did. They said Abe Lincoln was like they said, hey, head a little on the side.
I mean he was a big tall guy with a big tall hat so one can only imagine nothing I want to, especially with lunch coming up soon.
Well, there's the Apparice Torch Chaos. They just showed they're running away with that torch.
Oh man.
Woo! It's a crazy world. It's all I can tell you. So I'll call you from the highway, you know, like maybe in the middle of the week.
All right. See the funny part of it is you think I'm joking?
No, I know you're not, but what am I going to do about it?
That occasionally these things, well I'm sure you have the same here, especially in your case.
925, Chris, you need 75 votes in 49 minutes.
No chance.
We're going to tell it.
No freaking chance.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Do you want a tooth? Now if you seek aid, tell her I'm a Surry's Day, and the FCC won't let me sing this song I wrote today now if you seek aid, take her hand, gently say, that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old, if you seek aid, if you wanna then I'll see you with Dio-Won, I go, I go, I got a D with Dio-Won, I go,
Take a look at that pole, baby. We've got a flat footed time. I'm going to make him an
offer. Can't refuse and take the gun or leave the gun. Take the canola. How far that
goes? Forty eight a piece. And we only need fifty more votes. Get out of here. Are you
crazy? We're going to do it. Not. We are not are two eighty one and six fifty
nine is what six fifty nine. Three thirty one. We need sixty more. What are you
talking about brother? We need three thirty one.
Yeah for that's right for nine ninety. No. Let me say it again. We had six fifty
nine right. Like I said we need three forty one. My bad. When you start messing around
with me and arithmetic baby you're messing with wrong guy. We're still going to do it
anyways. I know my numbers okay when I see a good number believe me like Steven
Strait. And I'm pissed off about some of those pictures they put on there like an IMDb.
Why do they do that? I don't know. You know not everybody shares your tastes. You know
chicks and even a lot of guys I understand like the scruffy look. Those pictures are
beyond scruffy. They're grotesque like some of you find like sleeping in a dumpster
somewhere or maybe somebody sitting on a street corner here. Spare some change
mister like that. But now what do you know about it? But yeah it's like you're typical
for you to do that you know right. You're the expert. You name the topic Georgia.
The expert like gay sex. Georgia is the expert. No. I know about straight sex. Well
good. I mean that to you will be even. You know about straight sex. How about Steven
Strait sex? I don't know about it. You can tell. John Nichols in the nation writes.
Democratic poster Jeff Garin has been called upon to clean the mess created in and around
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. By the revelation that her former chief strategist
Mark Penn was more interested in making money from foreign clients than doing right by American
workers. The news that Penn was promoting free trade deals on the one hand while running
Clinton's increasingly popular campaign on the other proved to be the last straw. Penn
was finally moved out of the chief strategist position even if he's still going to have
the year of some of the Clinton can. Garin who began doing some work for the Clinton
campaign last month has now been given the job restoring Clinton's tender credibility
when it comes to talking about trade policy in particular and economics in general. With
this record of close to ties to labor unions and credible Democrats. Garin has worked with
the AFL CIO, the American Federation of Teachers and the service employees of the National
Union as well as progressive Democrats such as Russ Feingold, Dick Durbin and Byron
Durgan although he's also then worked for Lexida and Feinstein and Max Boccas as well as
General Wesley Clark's 2004 presidential campaign in all the delis, the new Clinton's
ran just as indeed more credible than the consistently compromising and compromised
Penn. But Garin doesn't arrive in the Clinton camp with the history of getting everything
right when it comes to trade deals. Consider his commentary with regard to the North American
Free Trade Agreement, a hot button issue in the 2008 campaign trail. Back in 1993 when
the Clinton administration was gearing up to promote the pact, Garin told New York Times
that Bill Clinton could close the deal by playing on the ignorance of Americans regarding
trade policy in general and NAFTA in particular. Sighting polling data that said most Americans
know very little about the pact, Garin explained to the Times that the lack of understanding
is definitely the Clinton's advantage because he still has a chance to frame the issue for
people. The danger is that this ultimately gets framed as a treaty to ship jobs to Mexico.
As the congressional votes on after-dark closer, Garin shifted to a new argument. Opponents
of the deal driven by fear and emotionally trolled the Times, they feel their livelihoods
are at stake. Backers of the agreement were more thoughtful. The supporters tend to deal
with NAFTA on a more intellectual level to post or explain. As it turned out, Garin
was on to something, at least as far as the Clintons were concerned, when he talked about
playing on ignorance as the best strategy for promoting NAFTA. Bill and Hillary Clinton
certainly did that back in 1993 when they aggressively lobbied for NAFTA by peddling
a package of lies that seemed absurd at the time and only seen more absurd today. But
Garin was wrong about who was dealing with trade policy on an intellectual level. It
turns out that the critics of NAFTA and the labor farm environmental and human rights
movements, who said the deal with harm US industries, the press wages in the US and Mexico,
undermined Mexico as farm economy thus spurring immigration and encourage an economic race
to the bottom that would eventually see both the US and Mexico losing jobs to China,
China and other Asian countries were the ones dealing with the issue on an intellectual
level. They were so intellectual in fact that they got just about everything right. It
was the supporters including the Clintons who relied on emotional messages with silly
suggestions that it was reactionary protectionist and unduly nationalist to oppose bad economic
policies and ended up getting everything wrong. Now that Garin is going to be plotting
Hillary Clinton's approach when it comes to trade and other economic issues, let's
hope he offers to candidate a sounder perspective than he was peddling back in 1993.
And I'm sure Lou Dobbs is giving a sitting ovation of that.
At a boil, Lou. Killing the legal alien for Jesus, Lou.
Or for fun. Frank says on a facts here, the greatest line for movie is the very last
seven saves. Ken, Ken base near her family. She asked him if there's anything she can
do for him, his line. Don't ever call me again.
Mm hmm.
How's that the movie? Driving in the car and she calls on his cell phone.
Yes. That's a good movie. It's all right. Don't ever call me again. Do you think?
No. No. I don't. Don't remember that. Good movie.
We both thought don't even remember it. What?
We both thought don't even remember that. That was good though.
Mm hmm.
Two ninety seven. Oh, all of a sudden we're putting a big push on here. Three more for
three hundred nine fifty six. You're not going to do it. Actually, you can do it because
you only got forty nine minutes for forty six votes.
Fourty four votes. Told me what we can do it when you do it when you get there.
Then we told you more votes. We got over three hundred now.
Three oh one.
Three oh one. That means we got nine sixty baby. Three oh two.
Forty votes and thirty minutes of crispy do this today.
We're going to tip our hat. We're not going to give any money.
Why not? Because we don't have any. Oh, okay.
I don't have any. I'm a strap man. Things are tight.
I got to send a ton of money to the IRS to Uncle Samuel.
Four times a year when you're going to depend on contract. You got to like send in your estimated taxes.
If I if I didn't have to send the IRS all that money like the last ten years.
Do you have any idea how much money I have? How much I'll get a time I can have a woodmine today?
No, medium good time. Really good time.
But nevertheless that's the American way.
Maybe we got to pay to kill all these then schmuffins.
They don't die cheap. No future terrorists.
Maybe they're out there going to get us if we don't get them over there.
They're going to get us over here. Yadda yadda yadda yadda.
Paul Krugman writes, greens gone wild in New York Times today.
He says these days you hear a lot about the world financial crisis,
but there's another world crisis underway. It's hurting a lot more people.
I'm talking about the food crisis, he says. Over the past two years the prices of wheat, corn,
rice, and other basic food stuffs have doubled or tripled,
with much of the increase taking place just in the last few months.
High food prices just may even relatively well off Americans,
but they're truly devastating in poor countries where food often accounts for more than half the family spending.
They've already been food riots around the world.
Food supply countries from Ukraine to Argentina have been limiting exports
and attempt to protect domestic consumers, leading to angry protests from farmers
and making things even worse in countries that need to import food.
How did this happen? The answer is a combination of long-term trends, bad luck, and bad policy.
Let's start with the things that aren't anybody's fault.
First there's the march of the meat eating Chinese,
that is the growing number of people in emerging economies who are for the first time
rich enough to start eating like questionnaires.
Since it takes about 700 calories worth of animal feed to produce a 100 calorie piece of beef,
this change in diet increases the overall demand for grains.
Second there's the price of oil.
Modern farming is highly energy intensive.
A lot of BTUs go into producing fertilizer, running tractors and not least,
transporting farm products to consumers.
With all consistently above 100 bucks a barrel, energy cost have become a major factor
driving up agricultural cost.
High oil prices, by the way, also have a lot to do with the growth of China
and other emerging economies.
Directly and indirectly these rising economic powers are competing with the rest of us
for scarce resources including oil and farmland,
driving up prices for raw materials of all sorts.
Third there's been a run of bad weather and key growing areas.
In particular Australia, normally the world's second largest wheat exporter
has been suffering from an effect drought.
Okay I said these factors beyond the food crisis aren't anybody's fault,
but that's not quite true.
The rise of China and other emerging economies is the main driving,
the main force driving oil prices, but the invasion of Iraq,
which proponents promised would lead to cheap oil, has also reduced oil supplies
below what they would have been otherwise.
And bad weather, especially the Australian drought, is probably related to climate change.
So politicians and governments that have stood in the way of action on greenhouse gases,
there are some responsibility for food shortages,
where the affected band policy are clearest, however, as the rise of demon ethanol and other biofuels.
The subsidized conversion to corruption to fuel was supposed to promote energy independence
and help limit global warming, but this promise was, time magazine,
lovely put it a scam.
This is especially true of corn ethanol,
even on optimistic estimates producing a gallon of ethanol from corn uses most of the energy
to gallon contains.
But it turns out that even seemingly good biofuels, biofuels policies,
like Brazil's use of ethanol from sugar cane, accelerate the pace of climate change
by promoting deforestation.
And meanwhile land used to grow biofuels' feedstock is land not available to grow food,
so subsidies to biofuels are a major factor in the crude food crisis.
Do you following this?
No.
You might put it this way, people are starving in Africa so that American politicians can court votes in farm states.
Oh, in a case you're wondering all the remaining presidential contenders are terrible on this issue.
One more thing, one reason the food crisis has gotten so severe so fast,
is that major players in the grain market grew complacent.
Governments and private green dealers used to hold large in the toys in normal times,
just in case a bad harvest created a sudden shortage.
Over the years however, these precautionary inventories were allowed to shrink,
mainly because everyone came to believe that country suffering crop failures
can always import the food they needed.
This left the world food balance highly vulnerable to crisis affecting many countries at once,
in much the same way that the marketing complex financial securities,
which was supposed to diversify away risk,
left world financial markets highly vulnerable to a system-wide shock.
What should be done?
The most immediate need is more aid to people in distress.
The UN's world food program put out a desperate appeal for more funds.
We also need to push back against biofuels,
which turn out to have been a terrible mistake.
But it's not clear how much can be done,
cheap food like cheap oil may be a thing of the past.
The biggest names of best talent,
you don't have no logic,
456QAM,
the sports leader on your honey.
One, two, three, books, four, five.
If you are buying gasoline,
you'd better have a water-free.
Because of the gasman,
yeah, the gasman.
And if you drive an SUV,
just sign your normal motor to me.
Because on the gasman,
yeah, the gasman.
Now my advice for those who drive gasman,
when you pump gas,
just close your eyes.
Gasman.
Because on the gasman,
yeah, the gasman.
And you're working for no one,
but gay.
32 or 560WQAM,
that's what we're doing.
We're working, baby, to fill up that tank.
Thanks a lot, Mr. President.
Once again, he's a man.
So do you see that surround the seat?
And of course, because you're not watching.
It's just this is package in Orange County.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, spacious package, baby.
Come on now.
Work me up when they realize that it's nothing.
All right.
I mean, don't.
No work here.
No.
I want to see if the straights got a suspicious package.
I'm sure you'll let us know.
Yeah. I'll do some investigation, okay?
I'll sniff around.
The master who is conducting Luciano Pavarotti
at the opening ceremony,
the Turin Winter Olympic Games in 2006,
has revealed that the A-Ling tenor
lip sync to his performance.
The late singers manager said today
the bitter cold of the art
to the event made a live performance,
impossible.
Leone Magietta, who worked for the Pavarotti
for years and recently published
a book that the Rousing Randition of
the Nessun dorm,
I'll let no one sleep,
was pre-recorded before the ceremony,
because it would have been too dangerous for him
to give a live performance in that physical condition.
I think I'm going to start doing that.
I'm going to start taping the lip sync
and we're going to tell them.
That's right.
Majira said the tenor was already suffering
from sharp pains
months ahead of a diagnosis of pancreatic cancer
in December 2006,
and using a wheelchair Pavarotti
died in September 2007,
he was 71.
The orchestra pretended to play for the public
there I pretended to conduct and luchy on a pretend
the same Majira writes,
and Pavarotti bestowed a Vincino Vichino.
That I wrote he seemed from close up,
which was published last month.
It came out beautifully.
No one was aware of the technical tricks.
Majira writes that what the audience heard that
that Interim had been recorded by Pavarotti
in a studio of his hometown of Modena
in a few days before the appearance in the Piedmont
capital which hosted the Winter Games Modena.
Never been there?
No.
What are you laughing about when I see these things?
No matter what it is, you've ever been there?
I've been there.
On this continent.
Well, there you go.
He's still dead by the way.
Just in case you were wondering. He's still dead.
Oh gee, he wasn't singing for real.
I'm crushed, my image.
3.22, look at the way Chris has brought us to the edge of greatness here.
Told you.
We got 981.
You need 19 votes in 26 minutes.
I would be too surprised if you pull it off.
Or up to 25 now, so 16.
And then stick it back on.
You pull it off.
Oh, speaking of that,
it wasn't a traditional 10-year anniversary president,
but Laurie and Stephen Tusson celebrated a decade
emerged last week by getting one another's names tattooed
in their left arms.
Why do they keep using that's not correct
by getting each other's names tattooed?
Why does it always say that one another?
No one speaks English anymore.
But am I right?
Yes.
Getting one another's names?
What's the news that nobody says anything right anymore?
I don't want to be a mid-pigger because I hate mid-piggers.
I don't want to see him though.
Thinking hers needed a little something extra.
Laurie Tusson had one of the dozens of tattoos artists in Houston
for this week's Incfest 2008
and a heart and some swirl embellishments Saturday.
Now it's perfect in 41-year-old said,
I love it.
Proving that two-tos,
two-tos,
two-tos,
two-tos.
Proving that tattoos are just for buckers and other bad boys.
A crowd of nearly 10,000 including many housewives and business executives
expected a further festival over the course of the weekend.
Saturday's colorful crowd-sported dragon skulls, flowers,
faces, wings and webs under arms,
backs, next feet and fingers.
This was this past weekend.
So put that in the past tense or not.
Okay.
Incfest patrons had a chance to meet top artists,
viewed thousands of tattoos, even add more in Inc. or piercing of their bodies.
It really is fun for the entire family.
Years ago tattoos reviewed as something only for a certain part of the population.
Now their totally mainstream events, folks from Antanny, Britain said,
we really got a diverse clientele,
had more corporate type people every year,
nurses, firefighters, vice presidents and companies, of companies.
Houston Roller-Durby's Jules Edinburgh said that
she'd been thinking about getting a tattoo for years,
but never saw anything and said that is until now.
She calmly said, is just Joe from Colorado Springs,
inked a colorful tribal raven across her upper back,
describing the pain as way less than childbirth.
She flinched a lazy applied purple ink to the outer edges of the mid-
and will not cover the majority of her upper back.
Fat!
See, little tattoos, I don't mind, you know?
Unaprecious.
Got to get over it, that's all the rage.
Tattoo artist, Jesus Himalayanist, 32, said,
travel arts and names are among the current trends in tattoos.
Most people want something different, unique, he said.
Artists Richard Benadio, from San Antonio, designed a
D. Ed De los Muertos tattoo for Tracy Day 38,
who traveled from New Orleans, inked fest with her husband.
D. Ed De los Muertos.
See, after wandering through of Ender Bulls,
the two were drawn to Madonna's bright colors and one of her kind designs,
anybody can get an eagle and put ink down.
But it takes her real artist to create something like this Madonna said,
showing sketches of a friend with skulls, they're part of this chopped off.
Skulls with daisies and eye sockets and a dangling rosary.
Steven Tusson, 42, a computer executive, encouraged people to express themselves.
You only live once, he said, and there's so many more people out there getting tattoos.
People who wouldn't have been considered this in the past.
Now we get them, just where the suit and tie will cover them.
Or maybe where the pantaloonies will cover them.
Who knows, who knows where they're hiding those thin things.
And a vision which, how do you, how do you get your thing tattooed?
They got a hold on to it.
Oh, no.
That's why they charge you extra.
That's true.
Maybe Steven and the straight would like a tattoo.
On his, you get a hold it for him?
I'll hold it.
I'll hold it steady.
I'm holding it up.
Yeah, I'll hold it straight, you know.
I'm holding it steady.
Because otherwise, yeah, it'll be at an angle.
Oh, no.
As the worm turns, you'll get the bangles and the angle.
The best talent.
You're his new Roger.
It's 4.560 QNR.
The sports leader.
Yeah.
In the wind.
The AY.
As you see, KS.
Tonight on Bravo, James Lipton hosts
Inside the viral video actor's studio.
Our guests tonight created an internet sensation
with what they ingested.
Please welcome the two girls from Two Girls One Cup.
Girls, please tell me that in the cup was really just chocolate ice cream.
Oh, no.
That was real.
It's our ass.
We never said it.
Oh, my god.
Nowadays, questionnaire made famous by the great Bernard Pivo.
I won't ask you what is your favorite curse word?
Because I don't think your mouth could be fivvier.
It's the interview you can't bear to watch.
On inside the viral video actor's studio.
Girls, promise me there won't be a sequel.
If you look up, you'll see his picture.
James Lipton next to the award.
Yeah, don't get that.
144, so you don't get one.
Him, the whole thing there.
Well, it's a PBS thing.
It's very dry.
So anyway, we did over 1,000 on the two polls combined.
I told you, no problem.
Captain Chris, no swetsky, man.
You're dealing with the Apple Meister.
I'm sorry, I won't doubt you next time.
343 on the second poll.
Here's a we got a thousand in the two or whatever one, two.
My favorite line from a movie is, got a great battle going on here.
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse 58.
Leave the gun, take the can only 56.
Say a little to my little friend, 40.
Go ahead, make my day 29.
I'm dying over here.
I'm dying over here.
20.
Bond, James Bond, 20.
You fairy.
You fairy.
12.
Youts, what's a youth?
11.
Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn 11.
Just walk away 10.
Be afraid, be very afraid, 9.
I'll have what she's having 9.
Get the honey, junior, 9.
Play it, Sam, and then play it again 7.
Do you know who I am?
I'm old green, 6.
I'll be back, 6.
If you build a table, come 3.
Life is like a box of chocolates, 3.
And it's not a tumour, only 3.
It's not a tumour.
In fact, I really screwed up.
I should have played that today, should I?
Well, excuse me.
Hello.
This is odd.
This is not a tumour.
It's the one, the two-hour.
Okay, Arnold.
In fact, I'll say it again.
I've said it many times before the fact that he's
governor of California, of that humongous state,
of the bunch of people in.
That is something.
Can't say the word on the ear.
Charlton Heston is dead, by the way.
Let's hear it for Chuck.
I guess he won't be wearing an impol yesterday blue pants,
anymore than you were.
I think we're a very action slacks.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, what's that?
What happened?
Something just fell down.
Must have been your microphone.
No, wasn't.
Okay.
Now, something in the back just fell down.
I hit the counter and something went, uh, boop.
Let me look.
All right.
What the hell was it?
I don't know.
All fell down.
All fall down.
Look back there.
Brandon DeWilder's body was back there.
Still somewhat warm.
Hmm.
I don't give me something to do after the show anyway.
Late flights and lost bags to say nothing of higher fares
are making air travelers grumpy in annual survey of airline quality says.
The industry posted declines last year in every area of the airline quality rating
and rising fuel prices that we go again.
Safety problems and bankruptcy findings that shut down three carriers last week alone.
The biggest change was the rate of consumer complaints of 60% overall.
The rate more than double that US airways in Comair
and rose for 15 of the 16 airlines included in the study.
The exception was Mesa Airlines.
It probably fly like from Phoenix to Yuma and back.
On time arrivals down for the fifth straight year with more than a quarter of all flights late
according to the survey, the rates and passengers bumped from overbook flights and bags lost.
Still under damage also jumped in 2007.
The trend is bad.
It doesn't look like it gets any better said Dean Hedley, associate professor at Wichita State University and co-author of the study.
The survey results mesh with the spada problems that have been said US carriers starting with surging fuel cost, Hedley said.
ATA airlines, low higher airlines and Skybus stuff flying just last week because of financial pressures.
Major airlines have sliced jobs and passenger amenities while adding fees for second bags, traveling with pets and booking tickets by phone.
It isn't surprising that people responded to higher prices and more frequent delays by complaining more Hedley said.
Six airlines, Frontier Northwest Sky West Southwest United and US Air, showed declines in every area in the survey, although Southwest still had the best on time arrival mark at 80.1%.
The valus base carrier also had a lowest rate of consumer complaints, 0.26 per 100,000 passengers.
Southwest Air or Fly Southwest, I haven't.
Not that I can recall.
Chris?
Nope.
They don't have any boarding passes.
They don't have any seat assignments here.
I don't know how that goes.
The boarding pass is generic and everybody runs on the plane and pushes it over to the side.
Still the airline hasn't been immune from problems.
It's fighting a record $10.2 million fine from the FAA for continuing to fly dozens of Boeing 737s that hadn't been inspected for cracks in their fuselages.
American Delta and United also recently canceled flights to perform on schedule inspections of certain aircraft and US Airways found problems on some Boeing 757s after a wing port on one of its planes fell off during a flight.
I think they're just nitpicking now, aren't they?
Yeah, a little bit.
The airline quality rating study compiled annually since 1991 is based on transportation department stats for airlines that carry at least 1% of the past years have flew domestically last year.
The research is sponsored by the aviation Institute of the University of Nebraska-Roma and by which is South-Tostey University.
The other airlines in the study were AirTran, Alaska, American Eagle, Atlantic Southeast, continental, JetBlue, and Mesa.
Among the study's conclusions, more than a third of Atlantic Southeast Airlines flights were late, the worst on-time performance in 2007.
The airlines also bumped passengers more often at a rate of 4.5 for 10,000 passengers. JetBlue and AirTran were far ahead of their competitors in avoiding bumping passengers from flights at 0.02 and 0.15 for 10,000 passengers respectively.
AirTran had the best baggage handling rate and American Eagle ranked last in baggage handling with 13.55 mishandled bags for 1,000 passengers.
Have you ever seen the AirWalks away from the bags around when you check in with the counter?
Oh yeah, like with contempt.
Yeah, like they really hate those bags.
Like, well, I sure hope there's nothing valuable in there because, uh oh, like a car.
I think they're hoping there is.
I wonder what fell down.
Fel Dean, when I hit the board there when I was talking about truck hasten, I think that was God's way of punishing me. Something fell down.
Did you hear it?
Yeah, I heard it.
Did you hear like a crash?
Oh, it's big on a crash, so uh, Christus saw that movie a few nights ago.
Oh, crash?
Yep.
Very good.
Can't believe it.
He said he really enjoyed, because Ryan Philippe was in it.
I didn't want to go in there.
He did not talk like that in that movie, okay?
That's why we're going.
You knocking him again?
Not again.
Still.
358, but we went way over a thousand.
I'll tell.
That's our second poll today for those who tune in late.
We don't want the audience to think we only get 358 votes on the poll.
Then they become with spy reports to Tutsi, Futsi over there, you know.
He's still looking for the best blogger.
I wonder if there's a way that we could get a list of like all the different places he's put on there.
Man.
And then we could just do the poll one day, which is where you should do it, you know.
You know, if he had other fans as devoted as you, he could really have a living there, have an audience.
Hey, listen, somebody's got to take care of old Tutsi, you know.
No, don't.
No, but are you making an executive decision right now?
No, no, absolutely not.
I'm just making a pause.
Just like Zach, George is starting to play butch now.
I'm going to make a point of view decision.
So in other words, you know what I mean, I mentioned Futsi again.
That's not what I said.
I can't help it.
It cracks me up to no end.
I can't help it because I'm so, I don't know what the word is.
I'm just so fascinated with the fact that he's continuing.
Well, to do this with each one of his polls, his idea of a poll is just to take two things and keep doing every day the same poll.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
It would be like if we have ten choices on our polls, so right away, there, automatically, there's enough for five days.
I don't get it.
I just don't understand.
And you're trying to tell me, now the trend came out on Friday.
And they went up a little bit, but I have a thing that was rushed because it was a really heavy, hooliotrend.
Okay.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
It wasn't all that great for us.
And the guys across the street did nothing either.
So it was, you know, this all sports radio, now that we got 15 sports days, and then we can divide up that little,
and a little sliver of pie in the leafy even time you're slivering.
Now we can really do it.
Yeah.
I guess you've never had the banana cream pie that caramelized banana cream at Ruth Chris for dessert.
I might have, I'm not sure.
I got news for her.
If you would have had it, you'd be the one to have it.
It's not one of those things.
That would never be like me saying, I might have had sex with Steven Strait, but I can't remember, you know.
Well, if I would have had it, I'd know it.
I'd remember it.
I'd think about it.
I'd ponder it, and I'd, they wanted it again.
I think.
Almost maybe he's got dingle berries, you know.
On his ding.
Does that where you find dingle berries?
Yeah, in your dongle.
Oh, sorry, those are dongle berries.
Yeah, dongle berries on your, uh-oh.
Dongle.
Dog on.
Well, you are, I don't know.
What?
And then the fact when you told me that you ran into Joe Bell at the, uh-uh, Joe Bell, it was pre-arranged.
He heard me talking about it on the radio and said, uh, he was going to show up.
I see.
I've been promoting the event for a long time.
And what do you mean?
Just watch.
He's a fan of, uh, women's roller derby and has been for a long time, which was surprised to have on him.
I've been promoting it for a long time.
And last break is only three and a half minutes, Chris, is that where you're telling me?
So, what it looks like to me?
Boy, actually, what?
Well, actually, it's what?
It's less than that, actually, because that first one is not our system.
So, it's only got 242.
Well, now you're telling me it's a damn good thing that I asked.
It must be my psychic powers again.
It's only 242?
Mm-hmm.
You know what I said, did he?
No, he didn't.
I had noticed it all.
Well, it's both a combination of shock and also stalling to fill in an extra like a gap, you know?
Or a pocket in the Union gap.
Let's play some music for Cry N' Out Loud.
242, so what?
What's all that?
His name.
The best talent is no Roger.
420-560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's Dave!
If I have a talent, at 560-WQ-A-N.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rumble 4 and 5.
Oh, you.
John, Rumble's still alive.
I want to make movies for in 5.
My life ain't going great, planet Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's when I heard my penis and it never ever grew.
Rumble 2 was in 85 late.
Rumble 3 was in 88.
Shoe in, and ruin, and through it, like I'm.
I did not make this movie with my son.
It never stayed, she was in Rocky 5 and daylight.
The tunnel movie.
A little bit catching what I mean.
I gotta get a lost from the pile of creed.
I gotta have a mother and movie.
Or a Broadway show like Anna Heen.
I guess nobody ever saw Kotlin.
It was stupid, I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left in Jennifer Flavor.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rumble 4 in 5.
Take it out, so call me up.
I really need a script I can do.
Die a long walk, keep it zip.
Delight comedy, action, adventure, and drama.
The only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be an Oprah, and I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one man showing full Pepsi.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
A little bit of catching what I mean.
I gotta get a loan from a pile of creed.
I gotta have a mother and movie.
Or a Broadway show like Anna Heen.
I guess nobody ever saw Kotlin.
It was stupid, so I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
Oh, I got left in Jennifer Flavor.
That's why ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rumble 4 in 5.
I'm absolutely...
Bye, bye, bye!
