No person that's taken over
Tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger, permission
We're all sick and tiger, Joe, we're sick and tired, we got tiger coming out of our hands
The biggest need is life
That's talent
You can ain't tagless, Tim Lossor
Of course, Radio 5, 16 WQA
Of the five, of the five, of the five
Of the five, of the five, of the Lutterdale
And what is a Rocco mediate?
Does that look Alfredo Engitate?
5, 60 WQA Am Presents
That's got the idea of your name
Rocco Medi-Leo, 5, 6, 7, 8, 16
What about craft?
That's right
Colt Hall 3
By the way, you're a first-order building
You're a Clyde-Grea, some athletes
You think you're gonna be a GOL
And Verizon Wireless Phone
But when you watch the breadboard, it gets sportiest colors
Do not represent the go-way
Tiger and man
Don't ever cut that for Specters
Now the Neil Roger Show
Of the five, of the five, of the six, of the five WQA Am
Oh, it's not happening
But to me it is
So I can play this, right?
G A Y, Y, Y
I thought it was this
I think you're damn cute
I think it's something that I'd be pretty surprised
How do you like that so far?
And for me
Do you want me to try it again?
Yeah, why don't you one more time?
That was something
Let me try it again maybe three times a charm, do you think maybe this is f-dub?
Christ
You work if you weren't I'll play it
No, all right. That'll be no fun. I'll take a while. I'm gonna play another machine. Okay. I'm gonna swap these a little
What I think the copy that I have is a little tricky skippy to it is maybe here
No, we're sorry
Let's stop it. Let's stop it. Sorry. I can play this instead
How old is Robert mr. Iger and so please over here at Mickey Mouse's office. Oh, geez good. Goofy's everything okay
He'd like to speak with you, but he's calling me. He's calling you. Is he okay? Please hold okay
Hey, Chipper sir. How are you?
Vacation going vacation sir
I can watch the pictures
I see him on your Facebook page. Maybe you could shoot me one or two over on the phone you got my number right?
No, no, sir. You and well. I have a lot of vacation sex. Oh, so sir. I'm not on vacation in the office really? Yes
Just because you're sitting behind the desk doesn't mean you're not on vacation sir. I'm puzzled
There's the understanding of the century. You're not puzzled. You're lost
You and I did there my reference one of our only hit shows in my
Nation of your work sir speaking of which
What are you working on on vacation? Do I keep hearing all the stuff about I call you?
Kung-Fu Panda
Shoot you to the box office. What are we doing?
Huh? Oh sir. We're very excited about
Hamper Rock. I took another high school music a rip off. Have you ever had an original idea?
Well, we also have the giant motion picture wall. He congratulations. You made sure to get into a
cartoon. I think I'm gonna start calling you Johnny number five. Oh, sir. Number five is alive. Number five is alive.
Sir. What about the two big divisions? Jesus, Mary and Pluto. What have you got? Well our summer split is fantastic boss
We have the mole wipeout and I survived the Japanese game show
I
You got the mole wipeout nice survived the Japanese game show right I got gas and digestion and diarrhea. I don't understand sir
You got three crappy things
That I got three crappy things sir all of us are really excited about our shows. Yeah, you and all your stupid cronies
Honey, say it, yeah, yeah, yeah, Mr. Eisner. I guess sir. Don't they know I'm a foreman and you're the yard worker?
Hey, I guess sir. How many ABC executives does it take to screw on a white ball? Oh, sir
We don't screw in our own life. Well, we have a janitorial staff that takes care of all those matters
If a crew landed on your nose you couldn't catch it. I got more smart to my left
But then you got your whole head. Well, sir. I should probably wrap this up. I have a
Don't tell me yoga class on the beach you and Willow and Jack skis fall behind in room the fog
Sir, I was going to say department head meeting department head meeting on being department head
Why am I never invited to these things sir? You're always invited we email you
But you always delete them before reading them
I mean if you got an email from you
What do you do it?
If you are me, which is one hell of a jump by now
Email from you is treated the same way I treat email from people who promise me a bigger Jimmy
Or email from the guy who promises to send me a million dollars if I can help them get his money out of Africa
Well, sir. We're doing the best we can over here
Yeah, you're doing great. You better go. I think you're at department head meeting slash beach volleyball game starting soon
Oh, good good good pressure
No, no, sir. I'm a good good guy. How many office right?
I don't know
You know, I can say about Tim Russell. He never stole a freight train
Okay, that's about it
I mean we left this pool going today and the result of it just makes me want to gag makes me want to take today off too
Here's George. Hey, how you doing everybody?
Christ
Thank you. You can be home in Jesus. I hear freaking woods who plays golf
And Joe Rose, I think he's got a tiger ball up dollar home or something. I don't know what his story is with that. Oh, he loves
Tiger. He tells I'll tell you
Let me say it again. He plays golf
And I've had him a basketball fan by any stretch of the imagination
But to compare him with Michael Jordan who plays like a real sport or used to anyway
When they run up and down the court and they exert some energy and they have
It's just nonsense. It's idiocy. Oh the tiger or the tiger one another tournament the die who cares
Who won the part easy tournament who won the Maasha tournament of sanitary village over the weekend
Who won the shuffleboard tournament at win-more right? That's what I want to know
Somebody obviously with great athletic skills
Oh the tiger won another one who cares? I'm sick of it. I'm nauseous
Not yours from it, but anyway
So how things going yesterday George tell me about more technical scrufs and wait the reason the pull got up so late to know what today is because
Erick erick erick had some technical issues. I can't speak well because I got on fighting off a cold
Scratchy throat. Here's George. No, so here's your
So the phone was all screwed up again yesterday was that a joke you made up or was that true? Yeah
No, I made the whole thing up in great detail
Seriously, what seriously? We don't know exactly why but for some reason my voice going into the do hiki was
Way over the top and distorted and over my
The new phone system the old one that they've you records it worked one day in a row. What do you want? Come on now?
True work. Okay. Good pick and here's the pull that George did over the weekend
What my workplace could sure use is that was just yesterday not over the weekend
No, but I'm confused. All right. It's about it. It's uh right like it right there
I played that Monday sucks thing because I thought it was Monday. I don't know. It's okay. I'm confused
827 votes
New management that was my vote 162. That's what my workplace could use new freaking management. Good God
We even got the one region where he said good God good lord. Oh
Not
Not the jerk show good lord
New management 162 better looking people on 46 that's a good one especially our place
We're doing just right in here you are
Not on the real side of us know well. No not at all
Gees scheduled nap time for employees 140 better morale 58 messages for the employees 53 all massages
Yeah massages of those said messages 53 and on site workout gym 44 and ocean inspection 42
Remember at iod I used to train your tall Oshia. Oh, no, it's not the good for us. Yeah
All these places that you work where it's like you can't breathe the air and people are dying and getting an emphysema from
breathing in mong all day
Oh, we can't afford to clean out the vents
In fact, look at the ceiling up above you there. Is that all still this colored and black and charcoal colored on the ceiling? Yeah, the ceiling too
Mm-hmm
A restaurant on the premises 28 a better building a location 28 air conditioning 21
Windows 20 new office equipment supplies a ferture 18 better restrooms better tea room 16
parking spaces 13 a snack or soda machine 10 a lunchroom eight bigger cubicles of offices eight better cafeteria food seven and a better break room five. Oh
What a pole George
Hey, thank you Charlie B
Huh that was what a Charlie B
Oh, like I said what a pole Charlie
Four thousand choices. Yeah, very grateful
Oh, you ought to be looking at many votes. We already got on the new one. We'd have 500 already if we'd if Eric would have had his phone working right his
Facts right just you should really email him for no one. I don't want it. I know you don't want it, but I don't I don't like
This is encourages for many years too, but when something better comes along you update
Not to mention the fact that he can just cut and paste it when you email it, but then you make it out. Oh
No, Eric probably he probably got all the copy. Okay, he probably got all those copies and he just said oh man
I got to type those out again instead of just cutting and pasting if you
Pull okay the one I got on there for today
It's just a big after wrong answers that this audience is I don't get it
You don't get what you must be out of touch again with the audience. What's the air?
Don't start talking crap now on the air
That's totally diametrically opposed to what you said before the show being sarcastic. Can't you hear it? Yeah, no
You know, I thought it was insane. I didn't mention his name once yesterday
Now it won't say anything. I'm saying, but it hasn't ended yet
It's I know Friday afternoon. I'm sitting at my machine of woodbine and my blackberry buzzes
Washington Post news alert
Newsman Tim Russell dies of a heart attack at 58
I was it was it was kind of shocking because you know
He was sick wow really was fat and we're faced that is sick
But anyway, I didn't and then that was it. I didn't really vote that much more thought to me
He wasn't some kind of great TV icon. I mean he was there
When John Chancellor died we haven't even heard about it
When Peter Jennings died well, these are people I used to be on TV every night on the news
I mean I knew it was his role call would say in between breaking out in in the tears on MSNBC over the weekend
And this thing has gone on wall-to-wall
non-stop especially on MSNBC and NBC, but now me just insane
You thought that the world had stopped spinning around you thought that life as we knew it had come to an end because Tim Russell died
And yet we know he wrote books about his dad and big Russ and he was proud of his kid and all the sort of and
How many other people out there are proud of their kid or whatever yesterday?
It was father son. It was father's day, right?
I think there might be a few other people out there who you know are tight with their dad or whatever hopefully
My dad was a son of a bitch but then a crazy person whatever less. Why?
Might was one of those. Yeah, instead of a bitch
But nevertheless
So anyway, here's my poll what's your take on the media coverage of Tim Russell's death 135 votes already
It's only been on there about what half an hour
Because Eric was having technical issues with his facts
138 votes a bit overdone 59. Yeah, bit my ass
What bit your ass it was all well deserved 38. Oh, he was an icon
He was almost as important as the tiger you do understand that no
No, I don't you're right. No, nobody's as important as the tiger. That's right. How could he?
He won another tournament tiger. No, whatever he uses the euro club. I don't give a crap
What he pees in okay? He can go pee up a rope
It was all well deserved 38 and sane overkill which is clearly the right answer that's what I thought it by the way
Insane overkill he died 11. I guess the why am I compelled to play he died 11
If you don't know about he must have been hiding under the bed last several days and who's Tim Russell three
Who's Tim Russell in my ass indeed
I see tremendous parallels between the media hysteria and and the public see the public
Grab onto whatever the media hipes life is all about hype
And so the thing with the tiger and with the Tim Russell pretty much to say although Tim Russell at least
I yeah, I watched the show. I didn't enjoy him that much and I thought that he was like Larry a fat Larry King
He I didn't think he asked any tough questions. He asked a lot of cream puffs
And if you did ask a tough question and got kind of a meeting mouth answer. He never followed up on it. I'll tell you that
Oh, you're wrong. He was a great journalist. Yeah, he wasn't a journalist at all
He was a talking head on TV
And I think his death is your you know like a reasonable amount of coverage like the first day and maybe a little bit follow up the next day
And that was it
You know, I could understand that mom, you know on his former show. Yeah
Yeah, you like Sunday morning. They did a whole thing and broke out was on there again crying and trying to stifle the tears
The hold back and Andrea Mitchell was on there. They were all weeping. Okay. He was a friend of theirs
He was a colleague and obviously those are the people who are fans of his and the show
That's where everybody's going to be congregated for the candlelight vigil, but as far as all the other outlets
See him and it's still hyperventilating. I just put that I changed over the with the doctor talking about heart disease
And he had rusted had a stress test Friday morning before he croaked. I don't want to suggest even though I will anyway
If there might be a connection there that they killed him or those damn stress tests the purpose of a stress test
To see how close they can get you to collapse and completely before you finally have to stop and sometimes it's exceeding
Yeah, and sometimes people die right there in the treadmill. He waited a few hours
Yes, it's sick and it's not bad
I
And all the just stops I said well then as the whole just gonna be like that. Let me track two. Yeah, here's track two
Which doesn't seem to want to play
Uh
No, I'll track three
I don't even want to queue up is that the other machine that you said you were gonna
And here's track four
And I said well least the first one at least it plays a little bit not right. Oh no, not anymore doesn't
Maybe my machine is no one any part of that disc that could be I
Think my machine is trying to reject the chicken neck. They had it
Let's try to the top machine again
Look at that phone. What's going on with the phones? How come we don't have any of people calling him to come
Is it right about Tim russard? Oh did you I'm sure you covered yesterday for the whole four hours, right? Oh, yeah
That's all we did I wore a black arm band we drain because he's Irish you know, so we drank we had a little
Top of your right your course when you were on yesterday. They were in that path with rock oh mediate
hmm and any agitate
It won't it won't it won't even fire now
Uh, what you hear that? Yep, I heard
Oh, that was a little bit of cut to
you
Ha ha ha ha right
Okay, I guess that we can forget about that disc, huh?
I guess the replacement disc is an order chicken neck
God next time he starts begging for money. You know what the answer is gonna be no
I don't think so I don't want to I don't want to W.C.Y.M. Hello
Oh, thank you so much welcome back to the show. Nielis great that it's Tuesday to hear your voice
etc. No, we get
That's the first call. How do you like that probably Tim russard? Yeah, it's dead
You see I told you probably big rust
W.C.Y.M. Hello, I wanted to ask George if I could have a beer ice cream
No, no
See you got him you got your own train monkeys out there. Oh, they're not trade
They are they're not potty trained but they're trained five six seven oh five sixty come on. Let's hear it
Let's utilize Tim russard's old four. I was just my first time on the ear since he croaked on Friday
And since the media has been doing a his and insane
Just insane carrying on like the world has just come to an end
And obviously there's nothing else in the world going on other than of course Tiger one the US Open or whatever the hell it's too
determined is
It's it's not a sport. It's a game
You want to know why a lot of these morons whether so much into the golf thing because they actually can play it themselves
You can't go out there and they bang the ball around and they lose you know
But it doesn't balls every time they go out that fine lame as it is
But he made by that to play it. I mean, it's boring. Got all the boring game play a sport whatever
Oh, he's a great athlete the tiger you're wrong Neil
That would be Q a.m. Hello, sounds like you got a little game thing. Yeah, huh?
Sounds like you're still there and that's a bad that's the worst news. I've heard all year still alive
That would be Q a.m. Hello, not there. Okay, the calls are really good like you said
I don't understand it. Where was the where's the passion? Where's the empathy
One of the great journalists of all time dies at the tender age of 58 and you people got off and say about it
I think I pissed off the tiger fans. Oh, you're so wrong Neil. You understand. He's so great the tiger
I think you're pissing all of them off. Well, too many some russered for the tiger fans
Yeah, what about the Indian fans them too
How many Q a.m. Hello
Yes, it is wonderful to hear your voice and welcome back
If the only thing I hear all day and then it's classical music. Yeah
Yeah, it's wonderful
But it is great to hear you back the day is empty without you on the air me. Okay, great
Like I said, they got less than nothing now. Of course. It's the what is it the 17th of June anybody with the brain is already out of there already
Anybody with any kind of money at all and with the opportunity they're gone and once they're gone
They come back to a long time
Right 178 votes on that pull and they got their own answer a little bit overdone a bit overdone right
That would be like if you took a stake and you cooked it for 15 hours and it was just a piece of crisp like burnt
Among
That's how overdone it was a bit just a tad
W. Q. I. M. Hello
Tiger and Jim
Jim and Tiger
and Jim
Jim and Tiger
That would be Q. A. M. Hello
Hey, no, yeah, it's not that bucket. Nobody wants to hear about tiger all morning. Tell who
Buckethead Joe. Look at it. Oh
Yeah, tiger sucks. Tell them that yeah, tiger sucks Joe
Okay
Okay
Now he's obsessed and I thought I thought we were sports station
I thought they talk about sports golf is not a sport it never has been and never will be it's a game
And there are a lot of people who play and a lot of people who watch it unfortunately a lot of people who get out go out there
Oh, why the what a shot that's a golf shot. Okay, you see that putt
Yeah, I think puts is the operative word
I think in honor of Tim or said I'm going to croak here on a year day. Although I'm not 58 I'm 65
So I'm getting close to that point of croaking
But only 58 you have to admit that's young but when you're fat Chris you can die at any age from fat when your arteries are
Are you clogging 29ers how old my first fat fat was when he died well there you go and then the other one was 30
Like six fat continue at any point
Just clogs up all your innards
Chris
That would be Q. A. M. Hello
Q. A. M. Hello
Hello, yes
I agree with you about Tim russard completely. I was saying it that I think today after he died
By the way, he was
He's man be fanbious at very that's the very best
That's a very good way to describe him man behind me and he just had a smile on his face
And then he also he called people like rush. He called rushes show. He did an interview with him or something
God yes
Also kneel my wife a week ago. It was the one to call you and bitchy out about the Corvette
Yeah, I apologize. I slap her around a little bit
But I know you tell her to mind her own business. Okay. I can afford to drive my car
I'll drive whatever kind of car I want sounds to be the
business all the time
Now she is a yenta and now she's a fan that's what's funny. She always bitched about you before now
She's a fan. Oh, what was he bitching about? What's her problem? Just generally?
She says oh he's cranking his rudy
Yeah, he's named to his
Callers, you know, and I'm always laughing
Distings yep, and you'll have a good one. Okay. Kick her out of the house
Okay, throw her ass out on the street. Okay stick her with a desert and they'll give her a map
Well, it's his wife better better than all you guys out there better him than you
trait
Even you well, I don't know about you
I don't I don't understand your whole deal, but I don't want it. That's right
I don't want I mean it is what it is and you're making the most of a bad situation
That's right and who is the good luck to you? You'll need it
191 votes. What's your take on the media coverage of Tim Russell's death which still isn't over by the way
They're going on and on and on and on and I thought he invented like electricity and the light bulb and
Everything
Phone to graph program a bit overdone 74. Yeah, just a tad just a wee bit. It was all well deserved 53
Insane overkill 44 he died 13 and who's Tim Russell at seven
And knowing this crowd probably who's Tim Russell. I think the seven are honest votes. It's not a yeah. You know, I mean
26 past 10 to QM
From
the
tum
I didn't see you, Amy's slime house has got more tourists than I see, that her just
dream that.
I didn't, I didn't think that was her like maybe.
Like I should be I guess.
What do you want to be?
Well in the between the eight million hours of coverage on Tim Russell, you should have
been following that.
I can't believe this phone man, that are in a door nail.
What did you do yesterday?
I definitely.
I would have only 217 votes still on the pool, that's pretty impressive.
You know we'd have a million on there already, that's what Chris said if we were to get
it up on time.
Oh well, if Eric wouldn't have been dealing with some guys over there at Parliamenthouse.
That's the real story, you notice how when he came in this morning from the store all
of a sudden like magic, it was up there like, that's our car.
There's a new pool all well but it's been a bit of open up.
I'm going to leave it on there a long time.
Maybe maybe a little, maybe till you put another one on there.
Well that's right, you got tomorrow.
Right.
I'm so much in the habit of like getting the one for tomorrow and that's your responsibility.
You can actually leave this under till like whatever you want.
The morning.
Because it got short changed, it got short shrift.
How about you Q.A.M.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Okay.
I have to respectively disagree with you about Tim Russell.
What I think he brought that was different and especially nowadays with the CNN and
everybody playing the right in the left goal that he played both sides of the fence and
he's fair to whoever he was interviewing.
He gave an impartial interview.
So let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you a question.
Okay.
Assuming that what you say is correct and I don't have any problem with that.
So what of it?
Why was he so important that he deserves like 72 or 96 hours nonstop coverage for the
croak?
That's a, I might you know, a very slightly a little bit overkill, but I think he had a
little bit.
Maybe you know what?
The respect that he had among his colleagues.
I think why you're seeing so much press on it.
The news is supposed to be about his colleagues.
The news is supposed to be about what are the public needs to hear when Peter Jennings died
who was in people's homes night after night for years on the ABC news when John Chancellor
died.
I didn't even know that John Chancellor died.
They gave him like two minutes and he was doing the NBC night news for a hundred years.
Look at this way.
Say it somewhere that you respected in radio that you're, who was a hero to you or something
that a very respect for died.
Jerry Williams died who was one of the great broadcasters who I admired and respected
and I worked with for a year in Miami and you know something nobody even knows about
it.
I definitely am talking my point is that you would go out of your way to talk about it
more in a few minutes.
For about a minute.
For about two minutes.
While two minutes my translate to 48 hours for his colleagues do you think he deserves
it?
Oh for his colleagues today his Tuesday they're still bad banging away on it.
Just offer my opinion.
Okay thanks.
Okay you're wrong.
I mean you're entitled to your opinion but it happens to be wrong.
He wasn't, he wasn't like bigger than life.
He was big.
He was fat.
That's why he's dead.
But it's not like he was one of like Walter Cronkite when he croaks.
I could have, don't you agree?
Okay.
When Walter Cronkite dies and eventually like all the rest of us still croaks someday and
then this kind of coverage would be well deserved.
He was an icon.
Tim Russell wasn't no icon.
He was on freaking meat depressed.
Furkin.
You hear what I almost said?
I, yeah.
You caught yourself.
Well yeah I caught myself right in mid-war that's right.
I got Joyce Joyce just came up in my throttie box.
Like maybe that's what I got.
Maybe I don't have like a cold.
Maybe I got like a Joyce in the throat.
There you go.
The rose.
No no no what's just happened to my whole screen there now.
That's not acceptable okay?
That's unacceptable.
You know if you want to instant mad that Brandon just took over my whole thing there.
With aim you know instant messaging the whole screen I went to crap.
I hate that crap.
WDQYM hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I want to get my obligation when you quote who's put as much estus on it keep it on the
news about two weeks.
Well when I quote maybe five minutes would be maximum.
No no no it would be more effective.
No no no don't tell yourself short for that.
Ten minutes.
Well can we call that new Corvette lady?
Do you have a name for her because I think she's going to be calling in a regular date?
No I don't think she will.
I don't want to give her credit.
I'm quite worried about the other colors okay.
What do you got?
What do you got?
Well the new Corvette lady and the quarter shot guy and this guy.
What do you got?
Nothing.
I got plenty of nothing.
That's what you got.
Well when you die Neil then we ought to have 800 hours 800 weeks of mourning.
Yeah.
For what?
See that's the whole point of it.
The better we all croak okay.
The better who dies how much do you need?
Why does everybody have to do 24 hour coverage?
Why can't you just have one nice tribute?
I like this was the most important person to raise to the news media and like he was
the greatest thing since sliced alavage and I'm really also very sick and tired of hearing
about his professional Catholicism and how religious he was and about the he always had
the rosary and the other that's fine but I don't care about that.
And there's a what's his name Chris Matthews on here going on about oh there were fellow
catholics.
You know something if some Jews were on there talking like that people start getting
really pissed off about that or God forbid some Muslims for Christ.
But if the Catholics get down there and start talking about flagulating their religion
you're pushed then it's a great thing okay.
I don't get that what do you just make what his religion was who cares the religious people
the other Catholics.
It's just the other stuff that they're talking about.
Yes I could up to them that's art.
And as far as buffalo goes the less said the better I mean they'll just tell you that
about buffalo.
Yeah.
Well that's you know he was a pasty faced red faced Irishman from Buffalo that's it.
Kind of pudgey and yeah I didn't have anything against him but I certainly wasn't any big
fan he didn't do anything for me I didn't find his interviews insightful or penetrating
or gutsy or anything.
And I watched the show fairly often and I'm old enough to remember when Lawrence
be back to the show who was his boring his crudal milk and Bill Monroe who couldn't say
a boshin a boshin because he was from New England so he couldn't say the word a boshin.
Those are the only other host I remember I meet the press and you know what it's just
it's just another Sunday morning talking head show that's all right and they got Bob
Sheeper on there going on like Bob Sheeper some great journalist too he's an old funny
dirty.
Hey when he dies you're going to see this.
Oh my god that's right I never thought about that and what about when Katie Kirk
Crookes.
Oh well Bob Sheeper could be any minute now.
Oh yeah if you're looking at her number she could be too.
WDQ way in hello.
Oh sure again huh.
WDQ way in hello.
Bill.
Yes.
You the man.
Yeah.
I got commendals.
You got perfect.
Yeah okay great WDQ way in hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh it's the quarter slot guy.
Say again.
I said how come you haven't died yet.
Who?
You.
Oh I'm getting close.
Mm-hmm good.
I just want to know I just want to make a comment and I said lesser.
Yeah but you do yeah.
More weight.
Okay I think they're going to have a blown situation.
The guy is a fuzzy, real good story.
There was a big breaking news story around now.
He's never even worried about democracy.
He's a trickle star like that.
I mean he's a real good story.
Yeah okay great.
That wasn't the quarter slot guy.
You see what it was you what sure was.
It was not.
Yeah what I called him on it.
He didn't say it.
He didn't say what quarter slot guy.
Oh yeah you could me didn't I tell him last week go ever call us again.
Oh yeah is it.
Didn't I tell him that yeah I guess he got a hearing problem.
Huh.
He don't care.
He's got he's got plugged up ear and a plugged up rear.
He's going to be another one of those.
Oh I like the core of that lady.
No we're lucky.
You're lucky.
You're lucky.
The 5.50 QAM.
I think.
Fourth later.
Well the disorder even loves Neil Rogers.
Oh we clone television of it.
Who's money?
One question.
You made people hear.
Think he should take the deal.
Let's hear it.
Okay what's the deal again?
The deal is perfect.
No deal.
My guy is on NBC.
10.44 at 5.60 WQM.
Let's take it over to that Tuesday schedule man.
We got a mad dog at uh wait a minute.
Did I leave off the 2 to 4 thing?
Oh.
Jerks the 2 mad dog 4 to 7.
I guess the Marlin's ain't playing tonight.
Yeah but they're playing at uh a time clock night.
Oh for crying out loud.
I've got news for Jesse Ageru.
That's past his bedtime.
He's not coming in for that crap.
Seven to wait we got Dolphin and I have with Kimba Bo camper
and then 8 to 8.20 we got Curtis.
20 minutes show.
And then the NBA final soldix and a lakeers at 8.20.
Followed by ESPN radio.
Don't tell anybody about it.
I got a couple of dead people here okay?
For real I'm going to go out.
Well the first one nobody ever heard of Tony Schwartz.
Who?
He upcreated infamous Daisy Adderan only once during the 1964
presidential race but changed political advertising forever.
Died he was 84.
He had been suffering from heart valves to noose.
What is that?
Hmm.
Not good.
Whatever it is it doesn't sound good and ain't he's dead.
The Daisy Ad on YouTube Schwartz who started his career as a graphic designer
collaborated with the team from the dual-day in Burnback and the ad agency
to create the spot featuring a little girl counting a loud as she pulled the pedals from a Daisy.
The scene then changed into a countdown to an atomic blast.
President Lyndon Johnson Democratic incumbent did the voiceover with a line.
We must either love each other or we must die.
A paraphrase of a famous W.H. Auden plumber in the start of W.A.W.2.
The ad made no mix in Johnson's Republican opponent.
He was on the senator very goldwater but the implication was clear after public criticism was withdrawn.
It was the first national Rorschach test for a short sentence interview with Newsday 92.
He worked on other campaigns.
He's dead.
I don't see making a big sum of stuff about it on NBC or anywhere else.
Yeah.
Tony Schwartz probably because he was Jewish.
I guarantee if Tim were to have been Jewish he wouldn't have gotten five minutes coverage.
You'll see when Howard Feynman dies he won't get two minutes.
Who?
See what I mean?
Now I'm looking at Google this.
I googled it and I got this story that date is August 16, 1995.
All right.
And just like John's Chancellor I never even knew this person died.
And yet I grew up with him.
He was an icon.
He wasn't a great newsreader or anything.
He was just a head.
John Cameron Swasey died then in 1989.
Now who do you think has meant more to the history of broadcast journalism and television in general?
John Cameron Swasey or Tim Russell?
It's not even close.
And what about when David Brinkley died his eyeballs were falling out of his cheeks?
What about that?
Who was more famous and who was more respected journalist David Brinkley or Tim Russell?
Who did mole?
Huh?
We need mole back to do that.
Who did mole?
And maybe when the bit gets made we'll actually be able to play the disc but I doubt it.
Probably I'll get an email this afternoon.
Oh gee my equipment's falling apart.
I need some more money.
Oh.
You think?
Nope.
Well then what's the reason for that crappy disc?
Who does?
He's going to send you another one though.
Well hopefully it'll be a little bit better than that one.
We're going to know that was the head of his moment.
It was cute.
In 1949 television was a newfangled box few people were going to forward and news film from overseas took days to arrive.
We didn't have to settle it back then.
The NBC network included only a handful of East Coast stations and its first anchormen spoke with a clip of the news.
And then the West Coast said,
John Cameron Swazie was born in Wichita, Kansas.
He was the son of a wholesale drug salesman.
Cameron came to Broadway seeking fame in 1929 but with all streets crash acting parts became scarce.
So Swazie went back western got a reporting job with a Kansas City newspaper
later doing radio updates in an experimental TV newscast.
In 1947 he landed a radio job with NBC New York
but the next year his boss is stuck within handling the first ever TV coverage of the National Political Conventions.
Fred Friendly later they produced a of Edward R. Moro's C. Inassaries but then president of CBS News
recalls how the big names in radio news hated the new medium.
They couldn't care less than they did about television so as friendly because they thought that radio was going to survive in television would not.
Television turned out to be a monster. It's a monster.
Swazie built up monster ratings with his energetic manner.
He wrote most of the scripts and memorized them so we could look directly at his audience.
He could remember anything anything else said friendly.
He memorized the scripts.
This obviously ended days before teleprompters.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, good evening to you.
John Kamiswe, he had a very distinctive Midwestern nasal voice.
Not saying he was great but he was an icon. He was there forever.
When his ratings sagged and he was replaced in 56 with Humbly and Brickley, Swazie became a pitchman for TimeX watches.
Even you know this.
There he boosted sales faster than the company could boost production.
By entering the famous line in his countless commercials, it takes a licking and keeps on ticking.
It takes a licking and keeps on sticky to ticking.
Sticky to stick it.
Swazie kept ticking along. You could help until a broken hip and April left in bed ridden.
This is 95.
Now at 189, the legendary John Kamiswe has passed away of natural causes at a somnester so-to-fort.
Remember what I was saying last week about Don't Take A Bad Fall?
Especially if you're old.
Right.
Because generally speaking, when you take a bad fall, pretty much after that you're dead.
You're screaming.
I'm dying over here.
That'll be the last week, Herbian.
In Sarasota, no less, he died at age 89, which is old enough but nevertheless.
And that's it.
Did we hear anything about it?
No.
Did they interrupt all the news coverage?
No.
Did NBC go ape-smit like they did with frickin' fat-faced Tim Russell?
No.
No.
I mean, I'm not knockin' a guy or anything like that after he croaks.
I mean, that would be bad.
But...
And this article here by Hal Bodaker on his website just sums it up to me the best.
Here's one thing you can see about journalists.
He says, surely no one loves this as much as we love ourselves.
That's one lesson of the Tim Russell coverage.
A friend told me Sunday, I now know more about Tim Russell than I do many members of my family.
After Russell's shocking death Friday at age 58, television kept serving up witnesses to his expertise
intelligence, diligence, kindness, faith, love of family, buffalo and the buffalo bills,
the self-indulgence was breathtaking.
On Monday, today, show Matt Lauer interviewed Russell at Sun Luke.
The show basically gave over the first half hour of the Russell's story.
Presidential candidates aren't questioned at such length and morning programs.
And the children of America's fallen heroes don't receive such a platform either.
Here are a few points to consider, he says.
Does the coverage move the story along?
ABC World News examined heart disease which killed Russell.
Fox News channels, Greta Van Sauerstrom took up the same issue.
But so much of the coverage was of the I Remember Tim Variety, sad to say a lot of it was repetitive. No Schmidt.
Is there a sense of proportion?
Peter Jennings didn't receive such heavy coverage when he died.
ABC does know the cable channel and he was in our homes night after night for 20 years.
MSNBC kept Russell front and center throughout the whole weekend.
How will NBC cover the passing of Tom Broca?
Hasn't he been the most influential figure with NBC for the past two decades?
Tom, we don't really need to see you break down.
Oh, I don't know if I can get through this.
I'm going to try to get through it.
They pulled a Dan rather and started to get all teary eyed and blurry and choked up and he went, oh.
Do the hours of coverage and play this story Tim Variety was excellent at his job, make no mistake.
He worked hard, he treated his guests fairly, asked tough questions.
But by weekends end, some commentators had elevated him to preeminent journalists of this time.
And one reader wrote, he was the most noteworthy and ultimately public death in the past 20 years.
Really, beware hyperbole.
Is the coverage professional or are the comments about Russell should have been saved for the office?
NBC should have approached covering Russell as an advocate of any other public figure who had died.
Hard to do yes, but that should have been the goal.
Instead, Russell's colleagues used their airwaves to work through their grief.
Some people excused that style of assembly, but that approach just wasn't right.
Does the coverage of one story obscure everything else in the world?
Russell dominated the NBC Newsmen year over the weekend.
The reader I quoted earlier defended that approach.
No one I talked to mentioned the floods in the Midwest or Iraq.
They talked about Tim Russell. You need a reality check, they told me.
Maybe, but not on this point.
The news needs to be a mix of stories.
People needed to be reminded about the Iowa floods.
People are suffering out of grand scale there.
But of course those people live far from the Washington Beltway and so they won't gain the vast airtime
according to journalists and politicians.
Well journalists ask the tough questions of themselves that they ask of others.
Not to ring grief evidently.
Roke our head and that russard had his critics.
Could we have heard from them? Well no.
The coverage seemed designed to put russard on the fast track to sayhood.
Oh yeah, we actually saw him with a Pope by the way.
The fact Pope did that one?
Yep.
The affection that russard stood in millions was a testament to his skill,
but the coverage of his death was often overblown.
Self-congregulatory and self-indulgent.
It's no way to treat the news icon.
Icon my ass.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Can he russard with a swell die?
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Okay, that said those are the calls.
See no matter what it is that's happening,
these people seem to be all that moved.
No.
What about John Cameron Swaisy?
He took a look and kept on ticking.
Well maybe that's why they're not calling is they're still grieving.
Is that what it is?
They're grieving.
Or maybe they're celebrating the latest win by the Tiger, the Tiger.
That could be over Rocco Mediate.
See only in sports can they come up with names like Coco Crisp
and I be hip or extra hip whatever that guy's name, extra hip.
And Rocco Mediate and Tiger Woods.
Don't leave that out.
Oh the Tiger, hold that Tiger.
It's a sick world man.
Just keep reminding yourself that it's a sick sick world.
That's what they should call that thing a Disney.
It's not a small world.
It's a sick world.
And they should just have some kind of a clown character.
They're going all the time all day 24-7.
Because it is, it's a sick world.
The media.
I don't have to come to this for here.
The media tells you what's important, what you should be all whipped up about.
Oh just like Alien, did you see the story over the weekend about how aliens are good comedists now?
Yeah, they're showing it down here.
Ignoring that series.
We already had enough of Alien.
Right, Fisherman in a closet.
Y'all, y'all.
For the Fisherman it wasn't the only one in a closet.
And I'm the baby Jesus.
Right, not him.
But we know that.
Right.
How about you QAM Hello?
I am Walter Concave.
How about you QAM Hello?
Yes.
Speaking of funny names in sports, I know you like the Marlins,
but when they were playing the Reds, the Reds and Kitchen coaches named Dick Paul.
Yeah, I know.
Great.
Thanks, Dale.
Uh-huh.
How about you QAM, huh?
Not him, so.
How about you QAM Hello?
Well, yes.
Do I not get to even get that much courage?
Right, that's right.
Good point, little Glenn Riker, who stood up to about your kneecap, even he didn't get that much courage.
An ad bishop.
That old bike, that old bulldog, and bishop, when she croaked,
I'm gonna stand and paint and try and steal her body in the middle of the night.
Nobody even paid any attention for price links.
What about reds?
This is the Neil Roger Show.
This is the Neil Rodgers Show.
You do, you do, you do, you do, you do, you do, you do, you do, you do, you do, you do.
I really hope he uses this on here.
I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years at least.
I've been living here for 40 years.
I've never heard anything as disgusting as the New Rogers program.
I've heard of it before.
So it's pornographic.
And it's all of my granddaughter and one of my kids listening to it is bizarre.
I'll tell you frankly, I am done listening to your station.
This is the most gross thing I have ever heard and as far as I'm concerned.
You're off my book.
Goodbye.
I'm calling you, starting the new Rogers ad in the sunset.
And now today I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put
in such an advertised in the paper.
How dare you all be so insulting to us.
It's a Christmas season and you represent them as the Pope.
You think it was a stupid, it was hateful and it couldn't have been done.
I wonder if this was something to do with this beauty, this beauty is what it was written
down while it's anti-Semitic.
It's racist and so it couldn't be done.
But the Catholic can be kicked around like this.
Yes.
The old Rogers is so how dare you people do this.
You should take down an apology to think twice about it and the new state is the whole
of us.
I turned my radio on the other day and got to help me a program whatever it was and it
is the silliest thing I've ever heard in my life.
But the children were around, it's horrifying and surprising to produce a U-Bet that's the
one the year.
I've heard other complaints about it even from the health there.
I wish I'd rectify that and do something about it.
It's the legumes taking drugs, they're in vain and it's pacifying women.
I couldn't even mention it.
Thank you very much.
George, this is Robert.
I'm flying in out of town all the time on business, whatever.
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and happened to find Neil Rogers.
I'm seeing him with you.
He's very pathetic.
This guy is, I mean, if this is all you got in a sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody who's here and that's for sure.
And his whole GD thing and everything else, just no one one day we all face the board.
Oh yeah, we face the wall.
Have a great day.
Right, you too Robert.
If this is the best you get on sports talk radio, I guess it was too stupid of your
references and another stupid ass sports show.
How would you know?
Well, because he was listening with one ear open and speaking of that, during the break
I yawned and my ears popped open.
Like this is one of those crows that thank goodness never quite materialized at least
now.
Good.
Is it the teaser?
Yeah, it's a teaser.
Not a teaser, but a teaser.
I wonder how's the beazer?
I wonder if he's still talking trash about dark folks.
5 6 7 0 5 6 0 and I didn't do this yet.
WDQAM Bruce Ross Meyers, Harley Davidson and D.L.A.D. Dodge presents 105 days of Harley.
Now is this one correct here that I got?
Farza Doe.
You could be one of 56 winners of a 2008 Harley Davidson motorcycle and a free two year
lease on a 2008 Dodge Ram.
To register be one of the 56 finalists go to any Bruce Ross Meyers or D.L.A.D.
showroom any hooter's location or log on to wqm.com.
It's 105 days of Harley from the station putting some excitement between your legs.
Sports Radio, I'll see he keeps from that in there.
I'm not going to read sports radio.
5 6 QAM.
When you tell your good close personal buddy there to quit putting sports radio in there,
I'm not going to read it.
Okay.
Then that's like a slap on our face.
But that's what that is.
I know.
Just like that Robert A.Hole call.
Oh, I'm finding out that this is the best you can do is sports radio.
First of all, anybody who's looking to listen to sports radio is going to be a moron in
the first place.
That's all you want to hear about.
Well, what is sports radio got to do with the content?
We're looking for a sports talk station.
Yeah, we'll screw you.
Okay, go talk sports with some deadbeat on the street corner.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, you will have to read WQAM.
Hello.
Hey, Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
What you should have played is that old lady saying it's terrible.
Not but the first come russian goes.
My first thought was it's an issue of self importance for these news people because I think
that when they go, they want to believe that this is going to be tough.
Just like that.
Oh, really?
Like when Andrea Mitchell dies, we're going to all be sitting around the morning and
groaning and carrying on and gnashing our teeth.
Oh, no, but that's what they like to think about.
We're out for a crack.
We're out Brian Williams.
There's another self indulgent idiot.
And horrible.
First thing I thought though.
So I'm Tom and Tom Bokka, who should just around that anybody ever put him on here.
The worst in the speech impediment next to the horrible one.
He can't talk at all.
It's terrible.
It's terrible.
You're right, sir.
He's talking about the nippin suds lady, isn't he?
Yep.
It's just these guys nippin suds and whatever the heck it is.
And the people I call in, they're just like them like that they run the water court,
the weed in their eye.
Yeah.
And I mean, it's terrible.
It's terrible.
But you said I've been looking at listening to 610 and MS here.
You see it?
No, they got puts on there.
Mike sends a fax and did Tim must have a favorite charity to which he contributed either
his time or money.
How about the Catholic Church send him some money, Mike?
If so, I wonder how much of the advertising revenue of NBC, CNBC, or MSNBC donated to any
charity in Tim's honor.
Specifically, any advertising revenue generated from commercials during or around coverage
of Western life and death?
Or are they simply exploiting their own internal tragedy?
It's no different than date line NBC's broadcast of Tecad to predator with Chris Hanson.
I'm questionably a great cause led by the watchdog group for vertigestus.
How much of NBC's ad revenue if they donated to charities that support abuse and neglected
children?
Good point, Mike.
Probably, oh!
They should begin by donating all the ad revenue generated during those specific broadcasts.
They're publicly smearing Tim Rishett as opposed to honoring him.
How so?
People get tired of redundancy.
Most viewers are too stupid to run that network and blame the deceased instead.
Yes, you're fault, Tim.
Damn you.
Get a little carried away, Mike.
Do you think the viewers are blaming Tim?
I am.
I'm blaming Big Russ.
Big old Russ.
I mean, it reaches the point where it becomes not just repetitive but so corny.
Right?
Corny.
Tim and his dead and Tim and his son.
I mean, that's all great.
Fine, you know.
That's a nice family story.
But corny.
Oh.
I mean, Joe Schmode down the street, he may have the best dead and go anywhere.
Maybe the peach of a guy.
We're never going to hear about him.
Right.
Because his son isn't blood casting.
He's not TV.
Now you know why Starr Goldfarb wanted to be on television.
And look what it did for her.
I don't know.
I like that.
That's what it did for Sarah.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, VU.
Yes.
I was wondering, what type of mark do you think Big Brown left on horse racing?
And also what kind of a question is that?
What kind of a mark he left?
Yes.
Do you think he left the big dog?
Is he retired?
No, like in a, you know, a mark.
What type of mark do you think?
Let me say it again.
Is he retired?
Did they return to stud?
No.
Okay.
Is there a track that one of those shakers?
Yes.
Another question.
No, but you don't want to have a conversation.
You asked me a question.
And you don't want to answer the question because it's not Daniel.
You're a small one or, you know, what type of mark do you think you have?
The big one, a small one.
You know what I think?
I think you left a bad mark on my show.
Yeah.
Wow.
How do you like that?
Let's go by the top.
I'm about 10 russians quickly.
And the tiger.
Oh, tiger did it again.
What a pot.
What a pot.
What a pot.
What a pot.
Oh, right.
Puts.
He is so freaking boring, man.
They try to jazz him up and he's making millions and trade-ins and congenials in all these spots.
Great.
More power to him, okay?
Whatever the market will bear.
Whatever there's stupid enough to give him.
But my god, they try to, try to jazz him up.
They try to take a step.
They try to take Tim Washington, put it back.
I meet the person again next Sunday.
They're trying to dial him up and make him in a somebody with a personality which you can't complain about.
Tigers personality because, guess what?
He don't got one.
Oh, and my daughter was there to see my little baby daughter.
Was there last time I wanted to open my dad?
Was there now he's dead?
But now my daughter.
Everything is a hearts and flowers story.
Have you ever noticed that?
Oh, yeah.
Hearts and flowers.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I just want to know what kind of mark this joy sleeve.
Yeah, brown.
Big brown.
Well, call my buddies.
Well, he should be in blue.
Blue, blue, blue, blue, blue.
That's cord Toyota.
That's how many?
How many QAM?
Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
That was pretty good.
You're hired.
Yes, sir.
This three things I would do and remember you, if you were when you broke.
Yeah.
First one would be finding a good machine and think about you.
Yeah.
Sacrifying some Mexican and St. Cooke-Rabacha.
Later, buddy.
Okay.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the Verizon Singular wireless line.
Now, maybe if you're lucky, most of you didn't see all this hysteria, especially the MSNBC.
It just never stopped when I avoided it.
I avoided it in a long one.
I avoided it very deftly.
Oh, we can long.
Oh, freaking weekend.
And repeats over it, over it, over it.
And here's Tom Bokon.
Here's Brian Williams.
And here's a whole bunch of people in the neighborhood.
And here's Andrea Mitchell again.
And then I'll see it.
It wasn't much better.
Wolf, let's go ahead and tell all kinds of stories about how he and Tim met the Pope.
And here's this Catholic kid from Buffalo and his Jewish A-Pack far-bison Zionist.
Come on, Wolf, why don't you get down there and tell the public what you're really all about.
Okay.
A-Pack my ass.
What?
You heard what I said.
A-Pack my ass.
I'm sorry.
Or a fax coming or is it missing?
Yeah, a custom revised copy just for you.
Oh, you get out of here.
Could be in a child, okay?
He seemed like an awful nice guy, but I think he's got your influence.
He's changing and that's turning him around.
Mm-hmm.
It's your fault.
I'm turning him into a bastard.
Mm-hmm.
Probably.
Somebody QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
It's just running off.
They're going to have a 16- think-o when you die.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Okay.
Kevin QYM, hello.
QYM.
Hey, Neil, why don't you just carry yourself a foot, George, on, on, then?
Spread it up, he'd kill me, you have three.
Do you understand that?
You want to interpret that for me, whatever he just said?
I killed him yesterday.
What did you do to him?
I'd hurt him.
Don't remember hitting anybody.
He was hitting again?
I don't think so.
Was he talking, roller skating yesterday?
I want you tomorrow to talk about the tiger for four hours.
Sorry, I'll talk about tiger radio.
Tony tiger.
Hold that tiger.
Tiger radio, do we have any of those?
I don't think we have those.
Do we?
I think we do.
We do?
I think we do.
Yeah, out of here.
The Rick Shaw one that you tiger radio.
Huh?
The Rick Shaw one that you tiger radio.
The Rick Shaw one's in our compelan.
It's the only Rick Shaw one I got, I think.
It just goes.
Big shot!
That's it.
I guarantee you when Rick Shaw dies, then you're going to see some emotion.
Hopefully not for a long time.
Not too long after they stick my fat ass in the ground.
In a big round cube.
So Linda Girl funeral home.
And if there's no body in here, you can open up the top and pee in it.
There you go.
Come on, it's after 11 at 5.60 WQAM.
See y'all.
Donnie tomatoes, they could give you diarrhea.
That could run down past your knee.
Change the color of your feet, that's some trick.
Make you act like a lunatic.
Raccoon.
Donnie tomatoes, they could give you some vanilla.
You'll have fat breath like a silhouette.
And you'll start acting like a silhouette of home.
Donnie them on your burger buns.
You'll get the runs.
No, donnie tomatoes.
It's so you will have to go.
No, donnie tomatoes.
You know they'll make your stomach grow.
And then you'll have to blow.
Donnie tomatoes, it's time to be really cautious.
Those red softwares making us just worse than eating the raw sauce in just its true.
You'll feel like you got the swine flu.
And you'll poop poo.
I'm dying off a hair.
Donnie tomatoes, they'll make your tummy feel young.
You'll be like you wait a hockey-pockey.
Then you'll suddenly up-jump.
You're really hard.
So violently you might be scarred.
That's really, really hard.
No, donnie tomatoes.
It's so you will have to go.
No, donnie tomatoes.
You know they'll make your stomach grow.
And then you'll have to blow.
Oh, thank God it wasn't one farthest down in that whole bed.
Oh, winning in pain.
But you made your damage.
There's the tiger metaphor, spiny.
Oh, he's a little pink.
Oh, that's old stuff.
That was old crap.
You want to know why it was crap?
Why?
It was about the tiger.
348 votes on the pool.
Here's some good news.
The son of hockey legend, Gila Flour, has played the guilty to 14 criminal charges in a Montreal court.
All right.
Gila Flour minus S.
And that whole...
Oh, stench filled Montreal Canadian organization.
They make me nauseous and frogs.
Oh, Gila Flour.
What's the number one?
I said before you get two nauseous.
Yes.
I'll flip to the right hour on your log.
I'm in the right hour.
Oh, sorry, did it wrong spot?
Yeah.
So I'll just interchange it with the other one.
I saw you don't have to get into a whole big SNP now.
I think it's sarcastic.
Let me tell you, like George was lecturing you before the show this morning.
Tim Russell died because he was fat.
Because he had oia clog arteries, okay?
He choked on his own fat.
And like, any croaks right there in the office?
Was that a video of you being on the wrong page?
I'm not on the wrong page.
I just did the wrong spot.
That's all.
I'm in the right, Pam and he left at a clock hour.
All right.
Don't do it again.
How about if I go into the two o'clock hour?
We'll get some of the jack spots on there for you.
Marked it a floor.
Come on, extra!
Come on, extra!
You know something?
I don't know what amazes me more.
Him or the tiger.
I'm not really sure which.
I wonder if somebody had an excuse.
What?
I haven't seen Jack's golf.
Do you have a scoff?
Is that like minutes you're golf?
I don't know.
Now wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
What does this say here?
Joe Rose at the Dolphin's golf tournament?
Well, that was yet to have grand oaks.
Well, what is that?
I don't know.
Oh my god.
We're back to that golf garbage again.
Marked Laflour pleaded guilty to accusations including assault, uttering threats to a minor,
and forcible confinement.
Laflour 23 also pleaded not guilty to two charges of sexual assault.
Last winter, Gila Flour was funds into controversy when his accused are offering
contradictory testimony to Sun's bill hearing.
He testified last October that the Sun was respecting court ordered curfew on his parents' custody.
But the hall of flamer later admitted he drove to his son to hotel to spend the night with his 16-year-old girlfriend.
Now that's a good dad.
Yep.
Police issued an arrest warrant in January for the former Habs Forward.
They have it pumped.
The frogs.
Gila Flour has since filed a lawsuit against Montreal Police and Quebec Solicitor General for 3.5 million
stating the warrant tarnishes reputation.
Oh, wait a minute.
Played for Montreal Canadians.
Cut at the end.
How could a tarnishes reputation worse than that?
Not for there.
Not for there.
That frog, Danny Galiband.
Not for there.
Screw you.
Screw the whole organization, man.
The least guy, what's his name?
Doug, what tells his name again?
Wilson.
Okay.
Loser.
Well, we got a new coachman.
You should be excited about that.
And we got old Cliff Fudge.
He's going to be the GM until he croaks in about two minutes.
And what are they going to do when I got news for?
What are they going to do when Johnny Bauer dies?
Who?
You heard me.
Who?
Who made you two a-am hello?
Come on, you two.
Yes, sir.
Another funny voice.
Another bad funny voice from the worst.
George.
Yes.
George is gay.
George is the show.
Yeah.
Come on, let's hear it.
Let's hear it.
Spin it out.
Let it out.
Spin it out.
You old poop.
You idiot.
You lifeless jackass.
Tim Russell dies.
And this is the best out for what I can do to pay respect to him.
What's wrong with you people?
Man, you have no respect.
You have no common decency.
You're a bunch of slugs.
News.
Wood's winds major after knee surgery.
Oh, to the like he had him, we'll get into the surgery in a minute.
Tie him in, we're in pain.
I'm in pain from here and about him.
Okay?
I can't stay there, I can't stomach it anymore.
I'm going to turn over to MSNBC.
So I can get the latest on the Temoser Coverage.
They're in a break.
Thank god, are you something?
CNN and MSNBC, you're relieved when they go into commercial break.
It can only be an improvement.
WDQ AM hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm from Pimrightsets, bloated corpse, you bacon and f.
Loaded corpse, that's so disrespectful.
That's how you use a fat slob.
I mean, come on.
A lot of us are fat slobs and a lot of us will die because of it.
And you're not supposed to say that.
Oh, that's so disrespectful.
It's not.
It's a fact.
I mean, if you're supposed to learn from other people's mistakes, then that's the one lesson Tim also could teach you whether you're political or not.
Don't be fat.
Like his kid now is willing all up.
You can see in his kid the same face as developing now, like Tim, big fat-faced, you know, fat body, and it runs into family.
And with all due disrespect.
Yes.
There are people with health issues that can't be solved, but, you know, with a lifestyle change.
Right.
By cutting the crap, if you will.
Mm-hmm.
So I don't feel sorry for Tim Russell.
He brought it on himself.
So there.
How insensitive, man.
How grotesque untimed he has to die.
He chose to.
But he did.
Maybe he wanted to.
Maybe he wanted to be with the Lord.
Maybe he wanted to have lunch with Jesus.
Well, he was a very far-bitten Catholic, you know, as if we need to hear about that, yeah.
Who cares?
Why are people's religious beliefs, anybody else's interest or business, who cares unless, of course, that person wants to use it like his own right?
That's right.
It's bigotry.
It's institutionalized bigotry.
Yeah, that's right.
We want to rub your nose in it that he was Catholic, which made him better than all the rest of you.
Oh, and another one, Papu Canon.
Oh, my God.
See, these two networks, MSNBC, I'm sure Fox 2, but I won't watch that.
MSNBC and CNN, they've got all the regulars that are taken over.
And so you got David Gregory on there, and you got Papu Canon, and you got that black guy, which I can't think of his name at the moment, the glasses that always looks like somebody farted.
And then, of course, on CNN, you got James Carver with the bald head and daughter, Brazil.
And the older and the compulsive gambling lunatic of Bennett.
Bill Bennett.
Yeah, here's the facts from some black listener.
You might be pleased to know that Michael Savage was complaining last night about how he and many others in radio been forced to take a 50% cut and pay through the Avismo Radio Market.
That's correct.
Also, I noticed that easily broadcasting still has huge ads all over the place for the DJ Lazz Pimpsho on Power 96.
Also, when I went to the Power website, a big video of DJ Lazz pops up telling me to text the station.
Did you guys get that yet?
No, we're still working on it.
Here's what somebody posted to the radio info message board about DJ Lazz and says,
I listen to DJ Lazz morning show online at Power 96 and my workplace in Manhattan every morning.
A few of my coworkers are looking me in a funny way because they think the show is a bunch of Cubans making fun of and mocking blacks.
They're really offended by a black character who does traffic reports his name is Chris.
He speaks like a slave while reporting rush hour traffic.
There's another black character with a stereotypical black named Tyrone.
The Power 96 website says that he's always late for work or doesn't show up at all.
Another black stereotype.
Also, some of the Cuban DJs describe female R&B singers as being pretty for a black woman.
It's like Sydney Park, he was pretty for a black guy.
And what about what's that outfielder for Toronto?
Alex Rios.
Is he black or is he like, well, he must be Latino, isn't he?
Sure, I'm not sure, I don't know.
But why not?
Chris and I don't have to be out of the world.
He might be both.
Both what?
Black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black
black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black, black
I'm not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who's not the one who
The one who does wanted to be the one who does wanted to be learned
Because they're easy-done, what's no way?
This way the freshman or seep's not supposed to fail
It gets the tossy for his old-time
I'm not acting too bad, the shining grandmas in a lagline
And my coffee jammed into the zombie washing the lid of a rope
No, a baby
Oh, great, but not a Jerry, Jerry, the baby
Ah, baby
Michael Schoffing, you school and homeless ebombs, ain't no spoo
Ah, baby, the first love and fear are you the bastard to be me, the baby
Ah, baby, the baby, the baby, the baby, the baby
Let me tell you a story of Donald and the old-noons
I beg your pardon?
What?
To cut a humor down this show
Oh, I wonder which other station in the market that Fax was from
I know
So anyway, there's a breaking news emergency cruise of the sea of fatal plane crash in West
Carroll, Tenoa, Ohio.
And I hate to say this because somebody died.
That's a sad thing.
You know, what?
In a way, thank God.
You know why?
Why?
Guess what they were talking about just before the story broke in.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
Tim Russell.
How many more days of this insane coverage are we going to have?
Well, here's our panel.
We got our panel.
Here we got all the talking heads together about it.
The best political team in the history.
And it's compared to what?
I heard of it.
Now that's the standard formula.
We got what you got.
This one across the desk and this one in Washington and this one in New York.
And always Pat Buchanan's got to be one of them.
He's like, he's like, he's like glued into your TV screen.
Like burned in, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Does that happen anymore to do people get burn ins on their TV tube?
Yeah, they do.
There's screen savers on the computers and such.
I'm talking about on their TV and that's computer.
You'd have to have like the same image on there, you know, stagnant.
So in other words, if you put something on hold.
Yeah, like paused it or something.
If you paused it for like hours, presumably yes.
Like a naked picture.
It's a regular CRT.
Absolutely.
Maybe I didn't say to that movie it by the way you love it.
That's all right.
Maybe I'll go steal it.
Or here's the latest Washington Post poll.
Obama 48, McCain 42%.
McCain gains ground and now even with Obama among independents.
Well, that's because there's a lot of stupid people out there who gravitate towards stupidity.
Every time McCain opens his mouth, he says something stupid.
Stupid.
Yeah, dumb.
And of course he admits that he doesn't know anything about the economy.
He doesn't know the Shiites from the Sunni and he doesn't have any idea what's going on over there.
But other than that, I think Senator McCain will come out on top.
No, there you go.
5670560.560 and he's rising singular wireless line.
Taking a lot of really good intellectual calls here today.
As we were honor Tiger Woods and Tim Russell and John Cameron Swaisy and John Chancellor
and Chad Holley and David Brinkley, Milton Burle.
You know something when he died.
Remember, I remember commenting on it on the air.
Yeah.
If ever there was somebody who deserved the kind of coverage about being an icon in television
that Russia had to last four days, it was Milton Burle, Uncle Mildee.
He was a pioneer man.
He was an original.
And what did we get?
How many seconds?
30 seconds.
I'm not on Burle's dead.
He had a big, you know.
That's what I heard.
That's the rumor in Hollywood.
Him and Warren Beatty.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes.
Projection TV burned the most.
If you have a projection TV and a burn on image, but you need it on for more than five minutes.
LSDD do not burn as much as the projection TV's do.
Okay.
I've learned that.
No idea.
Well, Warren, I want to check it out for us.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
Thank you.
Yes.
And what about George Burns?
He was God for Christ's sake.
Oh, God!
He died.
And anybody even make a whimper about that, of course, he was about 400 years old.
To me, that was the most shocking thing.
First of all, because I watch all this political stuff, I've been seeing Russia down there a lot, lady.
Because he's been on the MSNBC all the time, you know.
With Overman and Chris Matthews and his politics.
And then, I see Chris Matthews.
Chris Matthews, they're somebody that really disturbs me.
Oh, any minute now, by the way.
What?
He's another fat one.
He's going to die?
He lost some weight, though, didn't he?
Oh, let me have a party.
He's not going to die.
People like him live forever.
Same with Pat Pukin and he's Pudgy.
Yeah.
He's chunky.
He could croak any second now.
That's right.
Then we had to have a big party.
Oh, yeah.
And then they'll do the same thing.
You'll judge him.
Oh, well, he was right wing, but he was a real humanitarian and a good Catholic.
I guess that's the parameter of how much coverage you get.
If you're a good Catholic, then you get a lot of time.
I wonder if Bill Vanhoew is behind all of that.
WDQA-M, hello.
WDQA-M, hello.
QA-M.
Hello.
QA-M.
Yes?
Do you think that's a awesome selfie still in the championship tonight?
I don't know.
And I don't care.
WDQA-M, hello.
Yes.
Like the college I support for.
I've been off.
WDQA-M, hello.
Carve it on your arms.
Okay.
That's the middle of your call.
There's anybody out there at the Florida NBC Bureau that's wondering what the hell is
have wrong with the people of South Florida.
Go out on the street corner and ask him, okay.
What's wrong with you?
Ask each and every one.
What in God's name is wrong with you?
And maybe they'll answer probably not.
They'll probably give you a little bit like that.
Or they'll give you a high rise, high rise.
Or I'm your friend.
One of those.
I probably don't call it from the air.
Huh?
Our friends don't call us on the air.
What do you mean by that?
I've lots of friends.
They don't call us on the air.
Oh yeah.
So you're not here.
You better start writing up some scripts and putting them up to call us.
All right.
You have the name.
You've got a text of color.
You're the name.
I want to speak to you.
I am.
The fourth leader.
Oh, blows.
I'm sold at the bill.
Oh!
Imagine a hot and ice cream.
What did Ben and Jerry do?
They did be an ice cream.
A tasty treat for you.
Imagine a hot and ice cream.
That's why I don't honor to a treat.
I'm not a carnation, very clean up.
That would be a fitting tribute to you.
I hope someday you'll enjoy me.
With that big one scoop of two.
How come our summer schedule is not our new Rogers.com website?
Maybe Eric has nobody.
Huh?
Didn't I mention that Friday as we were leaving?
Did I come on and yell?
Oh, we need to get the summer schedule on our website.
I don't remember.
I was ignoring you.
Well, I'm sure you were.
Monash time in Hala Hala has there.
Right, but Eric should have been paying attention.
But he wasn't.
Maybe he was busy fizzing his fax machine.
Or speaking of fixing things, I want to retry something I said last week.
Yeah.
Liquid plumber sucks.
Okay.
Remember, I thought I had fixed the problem I kitchen sink.
Yeah, I had not.
And so I had to get the maintenance people in here yesterday and took them about a half an hour.
And they took that thing there.
What do they call that thing that they stick up in there that the snake?
The snake.
They stuck their snake way in there.
Bzzz.
And they did a little round the whole bunch.
And they had to replace two pieces of a copper piping underneath there.
And now it's just fine as can be.
And they said, and you know what they said to me?
Don't use like Drainer or Liquid Plumber because all that stuff does is it ruins the pipes.
That's what they said.
You believe them?
I don't know.
I'm here, I'm really even credited.
I thought I put another whole bottle of liquid plumber down there.
It still didn't do a damn thing.
All it does is bubble up in its dangerous as hell.
Like if the pigeons get into it or something?
That's what I should have done.
I'm taking it and poured it all out on the patio.
383 votes on the pool.
But that's not too bad, you know what?
I bet you we'd have like 45 million if Eric would have put that thing up there yesterday when I fact into it.
That's already got some issues.
You know, we've all had our technical issues lately.
It's probably ambiance a Q&A.
You can't complain about our technical competence here because we ain't got any.
What's your take on the immediate coverage of Tim Wester's death?
A bit overdone, 137.
Yeah, just a wee bit.
It was all well deserved, 117.
Insane overkill, 92.
That's the correct answer.
He died 21 and who's there, Racer 16?
He's almost his famous as the tiger.
Who just had knee surgery.
The tiger, he's still one out there one on the playoff and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah  blah blah blah blah blah blah blah wave blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Yeah, just a quick question that I made regarding John Cameron's crazy.
Wasn't he the guy that used to promote time-ex launches and he made use to make this statement?
I just been talking about, if you were listening when I was talking about him and you must have been,
I didn't want to mention.
Sorry.
What do you mean by that?
How do I, where did that name come from?
John Cameron's crazy?
Yeah, where did that name come from?
I was talking to you earlier and then I...
That's what I just got through saying.
It takes a looking and keeps on ticking.
Right, there was a cop that got fired in New York regarding that.
The backup for Rupert is on for a little away.
He picked up the arm with the watch on.
He says, take a looking and keeps on ticking.
That's true.
Have a nice day.
Oh, that was a half sneeze, half...
There you go.
They're right.
But who disappointed the first one?
I know, I hate it when he said,
He's going to be a real good cop in the rep.
Yeah, I'm setting.
That's like when you think you're going to fart, well, you know, WQAM, hello.
Who don't you ever talk bad about alien again, that punk communist?
WQAM, hello.
QAM!
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
Okay, how are you?
Good, first of all, I am driving in the Haventora.
I've almost gotten killed four times.
And I'm looking at this new bullstrength thing.
That's pretty nice.
Yes, it is.
Yeah.
The Ponsure Guadalupe when you get home.
And number two, I'm sorry, Tim Westerdye, but he's not a hero.
I have a great day.
Okay.
Well, I'll say, that's right.
We're sorry he died.
He was only 58.
He never stole a freight train.
He was a decent guy.
And all of that.
But who cares, you know?
Life is going to go on.
I know that this is a great shot that people in NBC knew, especially Tom Broca.
And Boba Wallach, he was also there with Tom Broca between the two of them.
They couldn't articulate a single word.
I know, I may say, I know, but he did the kind of like a loser.
So now, and I was here, even with Dan Radin, they both, or we need a...
Like a drop of him, still.
Although Dan Radin snorted and lost it, that was after 9-11.
Right.
That was after something that you can understand.
People get incredibly emotional about.
I mean, I can understand when somebody's good friend dies too, of a heart attack.
But, you know, like you said, you could smell a comment.
Right.
Fat.
And did you say that they showed pictures?
I didn't see them walking with a cane.
To rust, or, I was against that.
I didn't see that.
Somebody told me that over the weekend, that they were showing pictures of him getting out of the car coming into NBC.
With a cane recently.
That wasn't me.
There you go.
Or watching.
I don't want to hit.
Fat.
The best.
Fat.
Fat.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
The best.
Murt delinqu Woods.
Murt delinqu Woods.
Murt delinqu Woods.
Murt delinqu Woods.
Well there's no tune now with my father, Murt.
Well he was also being bullied.
And Murt delinqu Woods.
Well a father!
Murt delinqu Woods.
That what I heard!
Lift my dress for the Lord!
...
...
...
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
560 WM Happy Tuesday to you. That summer schedule George is on Monday Wednesday and Friday. I'm here Tuesday and Thursday. Such as it is. And you know what? What? It is what it is. Sure. You heard the call so far? Mm-hmm. They are what they are. Like this one. Q.I.M. Hello.
What I'd say. I could smell it. 560 7.0560. You're right. The kids are out of school. So like I was saying before anybody would like 50 bucks. They're gone. Yeah.
They're out of town. They grab the kids. They get on a plane. They go somewhere. Anywhere. Give me out of here. And of course if you listen to these calls it should explain to you why. 560 7.0560 and 0.560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line. We're talking about the two most discussed topics in the world last weekend. And that is the death of the untimely passing of Tim Russell and Tiger. Hold that tiger. What? It's painful isn't it? Holding the tiger? Mm-hmm.
No, just thinking about him and the people who talk about him and the people who worship him and the people that follow this khazari. See when you start you go at what?
You start with a game that's boring to really boring. That's right. You begin with play. And then you put somebody like him who's got no personality who's incredibly boring on top of it. Watch some people do something that's boring to do is is very early.
72 AM golf line. Hello. I'm going to be there. 72 AM. Hello. 2 AM. Hey, it's summer. You got to do something with it because Georgia has little goons over there with their craft reading content.
It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It's not fun. It
is quiet hello. Christ. quiet hello. can't speak with conscientious minds. can't speak with okey with attendant Okey with
okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey with attendant Okey area gone for inois.
University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University G 
University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University University?
Wow.
He's the strong cuz he's hearing about alienito's a full-fledged card during the moment.
What's the least of them?
It's a black arm band week for a lot of reasons.
What do you mean by that?
Well, first time russards, and now this he is.
What alien?
A little alien.
You're gonna have to have a black arm band on your guard.
Oh, I hope he's not missing his happy meal.
He does this for a whole black sleeve on the left side.
I wonder if he can get that Anisberger and Kim Cuba?
Probably.
They can fly to Canada, right?
Sure, see?
The flights every couple hours.
Hop on air, Canada.
Air Canada is a dump in 20,000 employees, by the way.
All the airlines are dumping off a bunch of employees and general motorists come way back.
And everybody, thank you Mr. President for the well-guessed prices,
and for putting everybody out of work, and for killing all those innocent people.
And like that.
Oh, and now they say that would the election come up.
He's really going to intensify efforts to find Osama.
Seven years have gone by.
It'll be seven years in just a couple of months.
Seven years since 9-11.
And now all of a sudden they're going to make it a big priority to find Osama Yamana,
and we'll up below Omar, and I'm in the Pymon, all these other glam.
You don't think it could be political, do you?
How many QAM, hello?
Two A.M.
Two A.M. Hello.
Dan, I've seen Sam with Pete.
QAM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yes, I want to talk about Yian.
About what?
Yian.
Yian?
Yes, with Nihom.
What about him?
Is he over there?
No, you're speaking to him.
No.
Yeah.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Yian.
Nihom, what's up, Palli?
Yes, sir.
Hey, quick question.
Do you think anything's going to happen with data?
Saudi's, you know, producing 200,000 more barrels of gas or anything?
Of gas?
Yeah.
Oil?
Yeah.
No.
Black gold?
No.
Okay.
All right, Palli, thanks.
Good luck.
Good luck, you're leading, Palli.
$4.00 now.
$5.00 is coming down the road.
It's a heavy load.
Oh, remember Tim Russell is back on MSNBC.
I'm not sure if you, like millions of Americans, saw that extraordinary interview that Matt
Lauer did with Luke Russell on the sedation yesterday morning.
And Luke told a very interesting ad anecdote.
He said...
You know something, it's like an endurance contest.
That's right.
It's like the people at NBC are challenging America.
How long can you endure this?
How much longer before people start riding in the streets?
WQA M, hello?
Oh God, they are real.
You should always be here.
That's...
QA M, hello.
QA M, hello.
A nail?
Yes, sir.
Do you shave your brother parts?
No, I don't.
Do you?
Do you?
Okay.
Nice to hear, ask.
Rack them.
WQA M, hello.
QA M, hello.
Start flying.
Yeah.
Elia Nito line, yes.
Hey, good morning.
Welcome back with me, still.
Yeah.
What do you say?
I didn't understand the word of it.
Oh, ill.
Ill?
Ill?
Ill?
How's A on doing?
WQA M, hello.
QA M, hello.
Yeah, hello.
Oh, what is that?
WQA M, hello.
Good night, Kimi.
Where's he?
He reads travel hastenkin.
Running here.
He's...
He must know the AM guy.
Oh, do that would be just great.
Can you hear it now?
Oh, God.
Oh, Catholic Charities USA.
Tim R.C.
To MTP.msMB.
Catholic Charities USA.
What a shock.
Gotta pay for all those lawsuits.
You know, for all those child-blast increased cost a lot of cash.
That's right.
You know, there's cheaper ways to do that.
QA M, hello.
Go to the second.
WQA M, hello.
QA M.
Hola, como est.
What's up, honey, man?
Speaking English.
Yo, qu es tu?
somebody showa in.
Hello.
Who's new?
Yes, Pink.
How about George?
George's brother?
He's there.
Hey, George, it's how buddy?
Boy, did I want to know when you o out?
Do you heard?
I don't know, I heard...
You got to hang up on you an hour ago.
I think he likes you.
See, I told you, all your people are all whipped up now, brother.
It's not you're not covering up anything. Okay, it's out. It's out just like most of you ought to be out
playing in traffic
Alienito Kamonista Kamonista boy sure is a turner like Peter Marshall would say turn about his fair play
Kamonista Kamonista little best Darrell Kamonista
packs
They
later
Million Allied to the Toothman show you title
He stands up all the eggs I asked Cause they have no life
And he starts to have the cure and school today
Here we are, here we are, visit his name
Thank you, David
We're going to go away today
Here we are, here we are, here we are, here we are
Here we are, here we are, here we are, here we are
Here we are, here we are, here we are
Here we are, in the hits of water
And covered all those tents alone
Another chance for publicity
While the people should lie in pairs
If you're young, you also live when you're making
Leave and kill before we hide
We shower here, we're kissing stars
But we're having, my hair is slowly dying
30, 30, 30
In the eggs, no she isn't in the form to get away
When the hell sets, she's sitting back in the hospital
We want it all to go away today
Don't, don't, don't worry
In return of Elio, in return of traffic jams
And we're tied on for this club
We're just born to live on life
And we're tied on a billiard
And we're tied on a process
We should send him back
If we're tied up Elio
And we're tied up traffic jams
Come on Easter
And we're tied on for this club
Come on Easter
We're just born to live on life
And we're tied on a billiard
And we're tied up for this club
We're tied man, and speaking of tired kids are about to school
So if you want to, you know, if you're bored
All your kids out there Monday, Wednesday and Friday
All summer long, you're a larger show
We invite all the kids to call up George and make funny noises on the radio
No, sure we do
No, you like that, I don't
What do you mean?
You like that?
Funny noises
Well, you probably like the way those guys look
I'm sure they're right up there
Well, what guy?
There's the two high school kids that keep calling up
Like I know who they are
I don't know, but they probably, you know, sound good
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
They sound like young spics, I'm saying you like young spics, young spics, they like
They look good, sure, right?
And you like young spigots, and they look good too
It depends on their age
Not too young
Oh, there you go, legal age?
Absolutely
Okay
And then some, let's add a few years to that
Okay, how about 20?
That sounds great
20 is an old age
Teen creeps my skin
20 is a real nice age
Yes it is
5670560, 0560, and they've rising and singing a wireless song
Can't it's my smacho?
Tiger Woods or Tim Russell?
Nobody QAM, hello?
Who is he?
QAM, hello
What about that day?
Sure
But believe me, anybody
Yeah, I'm here, what do you got?
Have you ever heard of the comedy's money?
What?
Have you ever read the comedy's money?
No, have you?
Yeah, I've fought
Have you ever seen a comedy star? I knew it
No, yeah, I knew it
I knew you think all these are cool, these are cool, these are cool
These are all the comedies of men, you can't, right?
Yeah
We don't know that
Just a little distraught, what do you say?
Tagged butt
Just a wee bit
Okay, just calm down, okay?
We got all the Cuban cigars in the world right here in Toronto
You can hop on a plane, air-candidalfly, or race stop anymore
Who's that?
The Cuban cigars
Well, what can I tell you?
Well, the good growers left
Where they go to Guatemala?
What's the Ebor city?
New La Gua
And what do you call it?
Right, Nicaragua
What did you say?
The Dominican Republic
I said Nicaragua
Did you hear what he said Chris?
You wish
He said Nicaragua
No, he didn't know
Nicaragua
I'll tell you before this show on Thursday what you said
I'll also tell you what the C stands for in CNN
Alright
Down in the air
Okay, that's a good answer
WQA, I'm Hello
Hello
Hello
Yeah, me, okay, I've busted up my early beach for the end of Thursday
Miami, what?
Beach
Being a pervert
Oh
QA, I'm Hello
Me, good morning
Yes, sir, good evening
Good evening
Okay, well you're in Canada, that's right
I'm in the middle of the room with my work
No, I'm speaking English, okay?
I'm speaking English and get on your banana boat and go back where you came from
Can't whizz it already, okay?
Speak French like in the Quebec
Oh yeah
Speak frog
La Guilla Flaur
And his dead big kid
Well, that story makes me so happy, you know?
Anything bad that would happen to Guilla Flaur
Anybody else who ever played from Montreal?
Even Ken Dryden
Sudo intellectual A-hole
70 QA and Hello
QA and Hello
I don't know what a parko is, but he's noob-cheek
Yeah, that's you
Oh, sure, it's like that
Where's my pen?
Why don't wear your pen in his back dome?
70 QA and Hello
QA and Hello
Lately, Ned Baby Calls today, you notice?
QA and?
They deal
Yeah
Tell me to see your contract to have George on when you're not around
Yes
Oh, that sucks
Meaning what?
Oh, he might have a discussion about it, just want to take a cheap shot
That's what fans say
Right on one other cheap shot who listens to you every day that you're on
Don't get me out of here tomorrow
That's right, and Friday we're gonna have crack where you can contact part two
Somebody chew away and Hello
Neil
Yes
Hi, George on today with you or your by yourself?
Are you listening?
No, I just got in the car now, I just got to work
Do you know what it is?
No, call tomorrow if you have something to say
Oh hey, are you circuit Pfizer or how?
Oh, yeah, there he is, another one
I know we're very concerned about your privates, much your goods
I know
Fingers
Send a lot of money, I might let you, you know, take a drink
QA and Hello
Does that sell for a lot of junk in the truck?
QA and Hello
I'll call you tomorrow, it's just
QA and Hello
Don't think about George, he brings out the best in the audience, make no mistake about
QA and?
How about Neil?
Yeah
Can I get your bell phone number?
For what?
I want to call them and buy their light, you guys call you and buy them you
Go ahead
Take a B
How many QA and Hello?
Two A and
All these pounding scholars are making my white stomach shake
Are you looking for some workers?
Two A and Hello
Hello
Hello
Hello
I thought you were going to get George's number one money
Oh my God, now he's doing the worst voices ever, he has been
Well, I mean all along but they're getting worse by the minute
The British one, that's the best
No, the Spanish one's the best
Is it?
567, oh, flocked to 60
And pound five, 60 and they've rising, singing the wireless line
See, the one great thing that these morons don't realize
That's right in the forefront of my mind
Is with the summer schedule now how he started yesterday
Today is Tuesday, you know what that means?
What that means?
It means out of the next seven days
I work one day
One day
It's very frustrating for you
What do you mean by that?
To only be able to touch you twice a week
Oh, but they can touch you three times a week
Oh, I know, they make the most of it
They can touch and probe
It's not as good but they make the most of it
W-Q-A-M, hello
You know I'm going to Cuba in Silicon Miami
No
Q-A-M, hello
Bill
Yes
You defeated the fat packet
Who?
Jim DeFeedis
Jim DeFeedis?
Yes
Is gay
I didn't know that
He always fat, huge
What would anybody say?
Oh, breaking news on MSNBC
Breaking news and other sports in Russia still there
The flooding in the Midwest, Cameron, is a very big problem
We're keeping our eye on the Midwest
Where the Army Corps of Engineers have been
They have some audacity to interrupt remembering Tim Russo
Where the bunch of crap about people drowning in the Midwest
What's your biggest name?
The best talent
Oh, I guess what?
What?
It dawned on me yesterday
I was watching a little bit of this stuff about the Midwest
Joe Bell could be tremendously helpful out there
You know he's really good at sandbagging
The last four-way look five-sixty Q-A-M
I think
The fourth leader
America loves to watch boobes in buts and bu Narrator
Alright everybody said Adobite the Bad
Babylon
Iran
Iran
America
America
America
America
America

America
America
America
America
I'm looking, I was just going to look it up and I ran out of time during a break when the next trend is going to be out. That'll be two turrets of the spring book.
Let's see, all we got to do is start talking a lot of golf. Tiger, hold that tiger, hold that tiger!
The whole thing with him, and you know what it's all about, there's nothing else going on that anybody cares about.
That might actually be considered a real sport, NBA playoffs who cares, Selik's and Lakers, who cares the same old crap.
They're like, you know, baseball, Marlins are like mediocre these days, once in a while they win lately, not too often.
Am I right Chris? They faded, they're fading, why are they one of the last two games?
Heavy duty.
Football, too early for football. What are you talking about?
Two early for football, it's the 17th of junio. Football's all year round, what's your name?
One way or another, please write it.
What are you laughing about?
Because the NFL is trying to make it that you think of them every day every year.
I don't, I won't.
And in this building they do.
I can't, and I shan't.
You what?
Shmat.
465 votes on the pole.
I think we could make 600 if we really give it a push on Tim Russell.
It's not about Tim Russell himself, it's about the media coverage, about the excessive insane media coverage.
On and on and on.
Oh, and he was so wonderful, he was a great Catholic and a great son and a great father and a great whatever.
Moderator.
And the interviewed Al Presonetta and he met with the Pope and he went to a lot of bills games and well, what more could you want?
What more could anybody want?
I don't know.
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Do you still hear me in close reds with Hank over?
W.A.C.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
No, no.
Femite Q.A.M. Hello.
That was one of the all-time best-quality voices. That was really good.
Hello. Neil Rogers. Yes.
What can we do for you, sir?
How about a life transplant?
All the lines are sitting there, Dennis Adore, Neil.
It's a Tuesday, dog days.
I didn't realize you had two separate schedules yesterday.
I guess the Hurricanes won yesterday, huh?
We got out five minutes early.
Yeah, bonus time for Jorge.
Five minutes of reprieve.
Now let's see what about tomorrow?
That's 655 tomorrow night.
I think if they played Friday, we're going out five minutes early too.
Really?
No, it says on here.
No U.M. or College World Series game on my schedule.
Friday.
Oh, and if there is one, it's at two o'clock.
Sorry.
Sorry, Charlie, you lose.
You get right at two o'clock.
It said don't even think about leaving like five seconds early.
Is what it says on my schedule.
Or else, Bush Boss Clarice is going to come in there and he's going to roll out a snack
to Suspenders at you.
Not Femite Q.A.M. Hello.
Bill.
Yeah.
You're gay.
No kidding.
New slash.
Let me get the sound down.
Femite Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
I know that when we were watching the horse racing, you're jockey that you like is the guy
Frankie Dittori.
He's won a lot from time to time.
The trainer though, from that track, I think it's up north like Saratoga or not though
him up, but another one.
I think he's a Canadian too.
But the trainer Andy Rothman, he goes out there.
We're going to start with Andy Rothman.
Let me ask you something.
I'm sure they have a special this week on Brain Transplants.
You're interested?
No, the group of...
Andy Rothman and what's the other one, David Sugarman?
Steve Stone.
Steve Stone.
Steve Stone, your ass.
One thing to say to the user.
You ferry.
If you like to travel the day, watch and post ABC News, pull Barack Obama 48, John McCain
42.
And among the independents, Obama 44, McCain 43.
Oh my God.
These have to be stunt pulls, don't they?
They must be.
I mean, could McCain actually even get like 20% among people that are actually larger than
their thumbnail?
Somebody QAM, hello?
I'm Steve Dittori.
You're talking to my favorite DP toucher.
QAM, hello.
QAM, yes.
Hey, George, you look quick on the side, isn't he?
QAM, hello.
Not quick enough.
You know, whole meal?
Yes.
This is some go call.
Oh, Tom Boko.
Okay, Tom Boko on the phone.
Stick the phone where the member don't shine.
Correct him.
5670560, we have a lady called today.
Have we, did you have a whole bunch of meester because you like the ladies so much?
I think we had one when the phones weren't working.
Oh, at least the phones are working today.
That's something.
Yeah.
Because I plan all summer long when I'm on Tuesday and Thursday is going to be heavy, heavy,
heavy phone call intensive.
And after hearing the tremendous outpouring we've had today, why not?
Are you thinking me?
Oh, why not?
Somebody QAM, hello.
What is going to be through all summer when there's nothing?
Oh.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Oh, Neil God, how are you, sir?
Okay, sir.
Say Southwest Florida, when they dropped your show on that local horse ball station we had,
every now and then we can pick you up over here, but there's a Cuban station underneath
and you won't believe this.
And this is the guy's honest truth.
It is Norris Code, N-R, over and over again, N-R, N-R, Neil Rogers.
What do you think?
I don't.
Ah.
You know, I detect a bit of disappointment there in his voice.
Now, what were you saying is what?
It's over, it's not under us.
What's that?
That station, he said, there's a Cuban station under you.
Oh, yeah, way way over us.
Probably one and half a million watts.
Aliens probably run around raising money for the Jews.
That's right.
Keep that station all boost up there.
I'll jack that up to a billion watts so they can cover up our signal.
He's selling poppies on the street quarter.
Hi, it's Poppy.
That's it.
That's the call.
477 votes on the pool.
What's your take on the media coverage of Tim Russell's death?
A bit overdone, 172.
It was all well deserved, 140.
You people need mental help, okay?
God.
Insane overkill, 121.
Insane.
He died, 23, and who's Tim Russell's 21?
Who's Tim Russell's indeed?
Turn on even on the Comedy Channel, let's all be talking about it now.
I'm the Gardening Channel, a food channel,
that makes intense favorite Irish recipes now.
And probably if Tim would have eaten so many of his favorite recipes he'd still be alive today, wouldn't you think?
I imagine.
You think he's on the pasty-face tour of heaven now?
Ooh, the Catholic side.
Yeah, well no doubt.
Deputy QA M, hello.
Constability for anything that happens to anyone, but using this service.
Deputy QA M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
You want to know it's going to get the biggest send off out of everyone.
My friend, your friend, Mr. Larry King.
The world hasn't seen a bigger stove's ball.
Right on, right?
And tell him to give me my money back, too.
Uh-huh.
22-1-560-WDQM.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Hello, this is Robert.
Mr. Oiger is scooby over here at Mickey Mouse's office.
Oh, geez.
Goofy is everything okay?
You'd like to speak with you.
He's calling me?
He's calling you.
Is he okay?
Please hold.
Okay.
Hey, Chipper.
Sir, how are you?
Uh, the vacation going.
Uh, the vacation, sir.
Are you in lots of pictures?
Hey, can I see them on your Facebook page?
Maybe you could shoot me one or two over on the phone.
You got my number, right?
No, sir.
Are you in well or are there lots of vacation sex?
No, sir, sir.
I'm not on vacation in the office.
Really?
Yes.
Just because you're sitting behind a desk doesn't mean you're not on vacation.
Sir, I'm puzzled.
There's the understanding of the century.
You're not puzzled.
You're lost.
See what I did there?
My reference will have only hit shows in my steaming condemnation of your work.
Sir?
Speaking of which, what are you working on on vacation?
Do I keep hearing all the stuff about I, Carly?
Kung Fu Panda?
You're doing it at the box office.
What are we doing, huh?
Well, sir, we're very excited about Can Throck.
That's just another high school music, a rip off.
Have you ever had an original idea?
Well, we also have the giant motion picture, Wall-E.
I congratulate you.
You made sure to get into a cartoon.
I think I'm going to start calling you, Johnny.
Number five.
Oh, sir.
Number five is alive.
Number five is alive.
Sir?
What about the two division?
Jesus, Mary and Pluto.
What have you got?
Well, our summer split is fantastic, boss.
We have the mole, wipe out, and I survived the Japanese game show.
Drop the phone.
You got the mole, wipe out, and I survived the Japanese game show.
Right.
I got gas and digestion and diarrhea.
I had a sense, sir.
You got three crappy things?
Sir, all of us are really excited about our shows.
Yeah, you and all your stupid cronies.
Oh, they say, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Mr. Eisner.
I, sir.
Don't they know I'm the foreman?
And you're the yard worker?
Hey, Eisner.
I, sir.
How many ABC executives does it take to screw on a white bob?
Oh, sir.
We don't screw in our own life, but we have a janitorial staff
that takes care of all those matters.
If a crew landed on your nose, you couldn't catch it.
I got more smart than my rough button than you got your whole head.
Well, sir, I should probably wrap this up by having a...
Don't tell me, yoga class on the beach.
You and Willow and T. Jetsky, followed by an in-room massage.
Sir, I was going to say Department Head Meeting.
Department Head Meeting?
I'm the department head.
Why am I never invited to these things?
Sir, you're always invited. We email you, but you always delete them
before reading them.
What do you mean?
I mean, if you've got an email from you, what do you delete it?
It's you and me, which is one hell of a jump by now.
Email from you is treated the same way I treat email from people who promise me a bigger Jimmy
or email from the guy who promises to send me a million dollars.
If I can help them get his money out of Africa!
Well, sir, we're doing the best we can over here.
Yeah, you're doing great. You better go.
I think you're at Department Head Meeting,
slash beach volleyball game starting soon.
Oh.
Have a good day, passion!
No, no, sir. I'm...
Have a good day, guys!
I'm in the office, right?
1245 at 560 W-2.
And that's so good that I'm going to play like four or five times next hour.
And...
Great. Serving bird flu.
All right.
W-2-way in. Hello.
And, you know, I think...
Yes, sir.
What's the status really important because now everyone's assessing their own health right now.
You know, he's 58 and he's...
He's got down...
And he's, you know...
He's mortality, you know.
And everyone's looking at him.
Am I overweight?
And two thirds of Americans are.
Yeah.
So, I think the story's not about, you know, who he is,
more about America, about how we're overweight,
and how we're all heading toward...
You know something in the 80 trillion words that have been spoken about Tim Russell,
since he died Friday afternoon.
And I've heard about 90% of those words.
There's been one word about anything having to do with being fat.
But I think that's what's underlying the whole drive to...
And people are watching it.
No, it is not. It has nothing to do with that.
I just...
No one wants to speak to us about health.
Let me say it again. It has nothing to do with that.
Oh, okay.
Oh, if you don't agree with me, then nothing to hang up.
Okay. He hung up on me, not the other way around.
I mean, there's...
Yeah, there's a lesson to be learned.
There's anybody going to learn it?
No.
People all of a sudden are going to, like, go on a diet today to come to...
Because Tim Russell died from fat?
No.
No.
And sure they're bringing all these doctors on there
and they're talking about his stress test and about, you know, fat kills and you know...
But that's not what all the talking heads are talking about.
They're talking about their friend and mentor Tim.
And how election coverage will never be the same again.
You know what? It'll never be the same again without David Brickley and Chad Humbly.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Yes.
No, whatever.
I don't care.
You don't care?
What about when Edward Armor would do it?
Yeah, I was...
They make it sinister like this.
And of course, you know, just like Russell who should have.
Edward Armor, who had the throat cancer.
Too many faggots.
Lung cancer, smoking baby.
So now they're with self-destructive behavior.
Did people stop smoking because Ed Marrow died from it?
No, they did not.
But how much coverage did Ed Marrow...
And let me ask you this.
Who was the greater journalist?
Who was more meaningful in journalism and the history of journalism?
Edward Armor or Tim Russell?
Is there any context?
No.
Is there any debate?
No.
None.
None.
Not in oral contenderay, okay?
And they're carrying on like this is one of the great journalists of all time.
This man, look what he did about the war.
Yeah, that isn't that sad.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, hey Neil.
Yeah.
You probably saw over the weekend when Obama was speaking to that church about fathers
and needing to be there for the day.
No, I did not.
You didn't see her here about that?
No.
It was...
You should check it out.
I read about it by I didn't see it.
Okay, because they had clips of it.
And the thing is, it's a great example that this guy doesn't just come in and say what you want to hear.
He's willing to challenge people and he's done that continuously, which is nice to see.
But also for the racist out there who worried this guy's going to come in and do all these things.
Here's a guy who's trying to change the black community.
He's not going in there giving him excuses.
He's saying, what's the need to look at yourself and improve things.
So, I mean, if you're racist, isn't that what you want?
You want to see some improvement in it.
If you're feeling the black people don't hold their own.
No.
If you're racist, do you want to see black people fail?
Right.
Yeah, but at least here's the guy who actually could make a change.
He's trying to.
And that's just one example.
I mean, he goes to all these different groups and he always says something that's controversial.
He's willing to say what you need to hear, not just what you want to hear.
So that's a great thing.
I haven't seen a politician do that any time recently.
Anyway, thanks Neil.
Okay, thanks.
You don't have to sell me.
He's got my vote 10, 20 times.
Don't forget if you're for Obama coming November and you're in Florida, you have to vote 10 or 20 times to make sure at least one of them counts.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Come with me at your time to work and dot E.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Yes?
Hey, how's it going?
All right.
Yeah, so we're just watching one of your old WAMI tapes.
How sad.
How come you don't do that anymore?
What did we buy that?
That was great.
You watched the tape and you had to ask me how come I don't do it anymore?
Come on.
It was pathetic.
It was an inverse revision, which WAMI is not on me anymore anyhow.
What about setting up like a little webcam there by your desk?
No.
Watch it.
You could fiddle with yourself.
No.
It's fleeced.
No.
But you're hot and I like you.
Yeah.
How does a monster ball okay?
At the Arctic.
You're hot and I want to dittle.
I want to see a picture.
I want to see you there.
I want to see you alive.
I'm alive scratching your nose and your ear.
Very sad.
You know what that's code for?
Everything you just said?
I have no idea.
504 votes on a poll.
Chris is pretty pumped up about that.
Acher.
Especially considering the fact that because of Ericsson,
we didn't get the poll under like 930 or thereabouts.
Because we were having all kinds of facts issues and technical issues.
This is the station with issues baby.
Remember that show issues and answers?
No.
That was on CBS.
I think maybe that was one of the what's his name as a show?
Edward, I'm Earl.
You think?
Maybe.
Not the one that's moving again.
Rip-all-weight-illeged.
No, no, no, no, no.
Watch that movie again.
No.
Watch my biography channel.
It's a killer.
W2A in, hello.
Hey, is this Bill?
Yes.
My wife says George South, but you're the new South, like the man.
Yeah.
And your wife sounds like a bitch.
W2A in, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, I'm gonna vote for Obama, right?
But I was thinking, this changes the standard though.
Like, I don't want, like if I vote for him,
I don't want to hear anymore injustice type deal, you know what I mean?
Coming from African Americans, because I don't feel fair anymore.
And I'm pretty bitter.
So, if he gets elected president, I mean,
is it all racism will disappear, is that what you're saying?
No, no, no, but I don't want any more BET inspired movies about just, you know,
domain couldn't make it, you know, because some dumb reason.
I think everybody has a shot.
Now this guy makes it.
But I won't say this, it gets me kind of angry that an African American
made it to president before he's panic, because they're not even from this part of the earth, let's say.
So, we are alike.
No, I am.
Why am?
Are you an Indian?
No, you're not.
Are you an Indian?
No, but I'm not, but you know.
Yeah, I don't know.
You must be an Indian.
Well, you could say that.
I'm Nick or I'll go in.
Oh my God, are you kidding me?
That's just part of the world.
Yeah, I mean, the American story here, you know, ended up in Miami, but yeah.
I guess I represent the whole show.
I wouldn't be too proud of ending up in Miami, man.
It's like, you have to say that.
I love you, yeah.
I guess his boyfriend just took his tone and said,
welcome.
That was as long as he could keep a straight face.
You could straight push.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 10, the Verizon singular wireless line.
If a bomb gets selected, no more belly-ickened out from you, dark folks.
And how about from the white folks, he's half white.
That's right.
So, more belly-ickened from anybody.
I think we ought to have a Nick or I'll go in president.
How about some more?
There you go.
You know, belly-ickened from you.
And no more belly-ickened from you, Nick or I'll go in.
Or, what about the mountains?
Or Hondurans?
Or Mexicans?
How do you QA in?
Hello.
Oh, yeah, how he?
Yeah.
Hey, hey, real quick, Neil.
That loud Mickey Mouse that you just played.
Uh-huh.
It's the newest one you have?
Yeah, sucks.
Okay.
Because the Mickey Mouse guy is different.
Yeah.
The Mickey Mouse guy is different.
He's the old one is better.
He's the guy.
Yeah, well, you know what?
Too bad.
See, I'm the one that's supposed to be whining and complaining.
Right.
It's the audience.
Bad, bad, the old ones are better.
Yeah, the voice is the...
You grow up to save that.
Get a freaking life and grow up.
This should be your biggest problem.
That's not the same Mickey Mouse.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Tim Russell's died.
And what does this guy care about?
Freaking an 8th to say Mickey Mouse on that bed.
Oh, I know.
See, there you go.
There's the original one.
For comparison, purpose is only.
WDQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Love the best man.
Just not a big fan of the politics.
But I'll keep listening forever, man.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
He loves the bits but not the politics.
Yeah.
I mean, how much politics are we talking about there?
We talking politics?
Maybe three calls and I mentioned something about Obama.
And Obama.
WDQAM, hello.
No, he's out of...
WDQAM, hello.
I don't even turn the radio down.
Yeah.
Maybe the boyfriend can do it for you.
I'm currently in the makeup business.
Yeah, yeah, makeup.
Make up with your boyfriend.
WDQAM, hello.
I'm in the middle.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Hey, I really can't believe the nerve of that Nicaraguan guy that just called up Nicaraguan
Sargona.
What's your background?
That's your background, sir.
I'm a Puerto Rican.
Oh, my God.
But I was raised here.
He's a Nicaraguan.
I'm not even part of the Hispanic race when it comes down to it.
All right.
That guy just come back and all the crew is gone.
He's coming.
Can't be certain to raise my friend.
The Hispanic race starts just through a clock at the counter.
And they're off.
All the Julio Jockeys.
Now, I have noticed more and more.
And I thought I'd paid that much attention before Christopher racing in me.
I don't know.
Oh, wait, I'm even thrown off the apartment.
With legs out with three P's, they turn for home.
And Yankee puppet holding on to the label.
This one sounds like a clock and two or a half A.C.
There's a little bit of a course driving second.
My other three back to the window on the outside.
The old wheel was pulling down to the final 16th.
Happy Digger on the outside.
Continued.
If he was in, he'd pop it against side.
Happy Digger's going to drive the truck out of the wire together.
Oh, hi.
Yankee puttin' happy Digger hips the wire together.
You lose.
That was the second race at Philadelphia Park, OK?
With all Julio Jockeys on there.
You got Cornelio Velasquez and John Velasquez.
And Aguadipo Aguadilla.
What's his name?
Degu Delaguio.
Aguapito Del Gudillo.
You think I'm making that up, don't you?
No, I wouldn't know if you were.
I'm not.
Well, what do you mean you wouldn't know if I was?
After all the education I gave you about Thurberg racing?
Yeah, but I don't know if you're saying these names right or who these people are.
And all that stuff about what's your name, who was a model?
What's your name again?
They're Channing, not Channing.
He'll be a guy.
Channing, not Sutherland.
Right.
That's it.
See, he remembered that one because he's hot.
That's right.
Oh, here's the meadows.
Thurberg race, Tony Holland Westside Dragon.
Get the victory.
And equal his career best.
54 and 4 this afternoon.
Full color set.
At the meadows.
Or they use a pickup truck for the starting game.
Tell me.
Tell me about classic.
The best talent.
You're a rocket.
Forty to five sixty two AM.
The fourth leader.
As hey people that use snappy openers for their show segments.
Right that one to two hour.
A good match.
Oh, why, Mr. Dolder.
What the hell is that?
They called him Mr. Dolder, baby.
No, we're not my amic here, that open was.
That just fires another ten minutes anyway.
Well, about a hundred and five minutes.
Minnes of elaborate the route around the ridiculous boards per version.
So go on out here to jazz on me and me and get up.
Right, do not.
Adam, Mr. Dolder.
In President's bar game.
He's in a fight on the corner at 441 and Margay Boulevard.
Right across from the Lakeshore Drive-In.
The nearest trips that are here are view doors down from the Cororis.
Hey, I said Strip.
Where's my truck?
I can't.
I forgot the equipment.
You ain't got no equipment.
No.
Are very hailable road-rathered wreckers.
Larynx, ladies and gentlemen.
You got that, but you don't got no drugs.
Sorry, I...
Well use your handlers off the drum on the table.
Do something.
I need my drums.
Okay, I'll try.
Hey, Clarynx.
Yes.
I wanted you to take off your pants and run up and down for 41.
I'm not gonna do that.
I'll have you know.
Sports.
Huh?
I said sports.
Oh.
Give me a butt, I can't.
Sports.
Oh.
Hurry, Clay.
Sports.
Heat and sports.
Okay.
Sports.
Sports.
There he goes.
I'm gonna have to do a big cop.
Boy.
He's actually doing it, ladies and gentlemen.
I'm gonna run it up and down out there.
Boy.
Boy.
Ooh.
That happened.
What about that tiger?
It's 103 at 560 W and look on the counter back there.
And look to see what day of the week July 2nd is.
Christmas.
July 2nd?
Say it again.
Let me try it again.
Look on the counter.
Can you turn to the...
I know it's gonna be a lot of energy that you're gonna be expending.
My fat friend.
Go to July and see what day of the week July 2 is.
What is it?
Oh, that means you get to get a trend.
Oh boy.
I'll say that for you.
What do you mean by that?
I'll hit the highlights, you know.
What's can they aim on Wednesday July 2?
And what day is July 30th?
That's the day the spring book comes out.
916, 23rd, so it'll be another Wednesday.
Mm-hmm.
Now, if you think I'm gonna be...
What is it?
What's Canada Day?
What's Canada Day?
What do you mean by that?
I know it says July 1st.
Canada Day.
So, holiday, it's like the 4th of July, okay?
Oh, okay.
You folks got the 4th of July, so we have...
It's like the Jews in the game, you know.
They got the Easter we got to have Passover.
They got Christmas we got to have Tannuka.
It's like that.
They got Columbus Day.
We got the...
Sukus or something.
I don't know.
It has to all equal out.
Don't you understand?
The only place where you're really falling down is Boxing Day.
Well, Christmas Day.
Nothing like having two major holidays, side by each.
December 25th and December 26th Boxing Day.
That ain't fair.
Too bad.
Somebody Q&A, hello?
A meal.
Yes, sir.
Are you a type 1 or type 2 diabetic?
Two.
All right.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Yesterday, George was talking about on the air that you're a freak for ice cream.
Are you eating the full sugar, full regular ice cream?
Or do you have a different kind that sugar-free type to you?
No, that's of his crap.
Actually, so I'm also a type 2 and I'm trying to find a decent sugar-free, you know.
You won't.
It doesn't exist.
I mean, there exists, but it's not good.
Oh, that sucks.
I'm a lifelong ice cream self-respecting.
Don't eat in the ice cream, man.
I'm telling you right now.
That's terrible.
All right.
Second question.
What do you think about all the same sex couples lining up in California to get married?
What do you mean what do I think about it?
I think it's a positive thing or a negative thing.
Yeah, it is what it is.
Some of it will be positive and some of the other things will be straight people.
If you have a federal policy, do you think we should just get off of all this crap and just let these people live their lives?
Well, there you go.
What a concept that is, huh?
But it sounds like American to me.
Good luck, you're sir.
Should I leave the country now that I've said that?
Yes.
Am I not a patriot?
Yes. Say goodbye.
All right, man.
Woo!
I mean, that may have been our only real call all day, but he just said you want to carry on.
You know, who cares?
What's it to anybody like George always says?
What's it to you?
That's right.
The people get married straight, people get married.
Most of it ends in the heartache and grief anyway and so is.
You're not going to go to hell if somebody else is sitting.
Oh.
Yeah, but we don't hate the sinner.
We hate the sin.
That's one of my favorite all-time-
That's one of my favorite all-time-
That's one of my favorite all-time-
That's one of my favorite all-time-
That's one of my favorite all-time-
That's one of my favorite all-time-
Former New York, Near E webpage remote broadcasting
Is your old porn stocada short stock fed by Newton?
Whether New York Giant flowing.
No, NO, SEified is not fierce.
No, cheer tonight broke me and neutered me.
No, diffusion.
Underwear on divine control or turn back on licenses.
Never passes any remains orstandings?
No, NEEDDISE arts.
Understandings cannot be described thanks to a couture that I can do today.
The doors to motorsport Join and repent
Bloomederslow does have levar ride.
He's diyorly nighting.
in ketchup, thick words.
The Over the Soulder?
That's the one.
You've seen it.
Say, hey, Willie Mays.
Hey, looking to grow these days, by the way.
He's like an old and kind of urgent death.
Now let me ask you when Willie Mays croaks out there.
Like when Mickey Mantle died, did they have a history on television about Mickey Mantle,
the way that they did with Tim Russell?
Who was the better center of fielder?
Mickey Mantle or Tim Russell?
I think Mantle.
All this crap about all of the bills.
It's just, it's sick.
It's really sick.
Like you think when I croak they're going to carry on about, oh, he was a Toronto Maple
East fan for 60 years.
Yeah.
So I'm going to see you.
Are you going to do it?
That's right.
I'm going to, uh, rent time, you know, by time on all these channels.
Let's turn on Leafs TV.
There he went on to the bus line.
He's like a patty.
And that's the patty.
And that gets him again.
That's it.
And behind the net.
I need to get it back to Stanley, Regan does.
Mark's 28th, 1959.
How do you like that?
I'm a boss.
Don't hate what's sounding like he was talking through a tin can.
And maybe he was.
Yeah.
You better start catching up, brushing up on you.
If you're going to be filming them all summer long, you better start.
You better start brushing up on more of your server-read racing and the jockeys and the hockey.
I want to take that.
That's what Clarence wants to hear about.
I want to take a course.
A race course.
A race course.
Almost in, uh, horse racing.
W2AM.
Hello.
Man, this show's soft, right?
W2AM.
Hello.
Get on foot.
Why are you?
QAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I got a talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, listen.
Can you do me a, as you got a shameless request?
The 30-man guy.
Can you play that bit?
Absolutely.
About 30, man.
You want to hear the whole thing?
Yeah, yeah.
I got a buddy that's dying to hear it.
Oh, my.
Are you serious?
Yeah, buddy.
That's the longest running skid you've got.
No, it's not.
No, well, how long is the running skid?
Hey, buddy.
How you doing?
Why don't you help me?
You got to make it work.
You got to make it work.
You got to make it work.
You got to make it work.
Fuck, daddy.
Sitting in the chair.
I'll call you a puppy.
Yo, yo, man.
Yo, yo.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Here's your $100 question.
Finish this nursery rhyme.
All right.
Hickory, dickory, blank.
Is it A-Doc, B-Pier, C-Larina, or D-Inlet?
Whoa, man.
Is $100 a question, man?
You're kidding me, right?
This is $100.
For $100.
This ain't a million out of question.
This is the first one.
Man.
It's only for $100.
Is this a black thing?
Would you like to use a light front?
Yeah, all right.
What do I got?
What do I got?
Well, we have the ask the audience to 50-50 and the phone a friend.
Ask the audience.
Now, I have two million white people in here.
They're 50-50, ain't gonna help me.
Oh, you know what?
I'm gonna phone a friend.
Got a phone a friend on the $100 question
finishing the nursery rhyme.
Yeah.
All right.
Who are we gonna call, puppy?
Oh, my boy.
Old dirty bastard.
Old dirty bastard.
Yeah, dirty.
We're gone.
Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line.
And hopefully he can help you.
Yo.
Old dirty.
Yeah, man.
Registral filmin' from who wants to be a millionaire.
How are you?
I got your friend here.
Puff daddy.
Your dirty was out.
Was out.
Was out.
Was out.
Was out.
Was out.
All right, all right.
Uh, old.
Was out.
Old dirty.
Uh, puff daddy's had a little bit of trouble here on the $100 question.
Hey, the first time, man.
First question.
And, uh, the next voice you hear will be his.
He'll come on the line.
He'll ask you the question.
He'll give you four possible choices.
Are you set?
Hey, man.
Next voice you hear will be his.
And 30 seconds begins now.
What is that?
What is that?
Yo, dirty.
Finish this off for me, all right?
Hey, man.
Hickory, dickory, black.
Is it A, Doc, B, P, C, Marino, or D, Internet?
Oh, oh, oh.
Come on, man.
I don't got much time.
Man, I know this.
Man, I know it.
I see it's P.
P, you sure?
About 30, man.
There's a lot of money, man.
About 30.
But I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
I'm 30, man.
You would cry too if no one voted for you.
Someone tell me where my big lead has gone.
Obama came on so fast.
What was inevitable?
Now is the thing of the past.
What's the primary and the primary?
I want you.
You would cry too because I can't pay this, girl.
That's a little bit.
Couldn't watch Obama's victory speech.
It just made me so mad.
Now Bill's not talking to me.
Also, I guess it isn't all that.
It's low.
Lost the primary and I'll cry if I want you.
Cry if I want you.
Cry if I want you.
You would cry too if no one voted for you.
On 18 at 5.60 W.A.M.
So my Yahoo says you have a new Myspace message from Brandon.
So I went to Myspace and there's no message there.
True.
Maybe that's an old alert.
No.
Maybe he's...
No.
Maybe he retrieved that or deleted it before you read it.
Why would he do that?
I don't know.
I don't know if you can do that either but...
You can't.
Okay.
Celebrity death.
Tim Russell?
Beard and that.
Stan Winston.
Not the cigarette guy.
No.
Stan Winston's 62 Special Effects Artists dies.
He created the animatronic dinosaurs in Jurassic Park.
The slimy 14 foot alien queen in aliens.
And the liquid metal assassin terminator too.
That Sunday it is Humman Malibu, California.
He was only 62, only four years older than Tim Russell.
How much coverage has he gotten so far?
The trick?
No.
A mention?
No.
The case of the cause was multiple myeloma.
Although he created some of the most famous special effects in movie history,
Mr. Winston insisted he cared less about technical wizardry,
he did about storytelling.
It's not about technology once.
It's about writers writing wonderful stories with fantastic characters
and me being able to create a visual image,
that's beyond what you'd expect.
The courtesy, Mr. Winston,
the unexpected leap from the screen in dozens of films.
What does that mean?
Oh, I see.
They unexpected, left from the screen in dozens of films.
He created an extraterrestrial assassin who hunts Arnold Schwarzenegger in predator,
the hands of Edward Cicerhands, and the penguin from the neck up in Batman Returns.
Mr. Winston won four Oscars for his film work,
and in 2001 he became the first Special Effects Artist to receive a star
in the sidewalk on Hollywood Boulevard.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
He directed his film Pumpkin Head,
teamed up with this camera guy.
What's his name?
James Cameron.
That was him?
Pumpkin Head?
Yeah.
The Lexalism.
That's the Jack with the Hands, Pumpkin Head.
Most recently contributed to Iron Man released earlier this year,
and in the end, it Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
He also worked on the unreleased film's Terminator Salvation in the Future begins,
GI Joe Shutter Island, and Mr. Cameron's Avatar.
And now he's dead, and nobody even say an award about him, okay?
Stan Winston plays good like a stiff shud.
I bet he's not even a statue in that part.
Right, that's right.
Did he get a dinner?
No.
Like Red Buttons would say, there's another one.
Red Buttons, he's dead, right?
Yeah.
I guess.
Did he get an out dinner, even?
No.
A monument?
No.
A plaque?
No.
On his teeth?
Christ almighty.
It's just this.
Makes me sad.
And what makes me even sadder is the result of the pull-out.
So many of you people are so easily manipulated and led by the nose,
by the freaking media.
What's your take on the media coverage of Tim Russell's death?
544 votes so far.
You're not going to make your 600.
545.
Oh, well.
Too bad.
How about 550?
How about 555?
That's a nice number.
Sure, we can do it.
A bit overdone, 190.
Yeah, just a tag.
Just a wee bit overdone.
The 78-hour coverage has just been a little bit too much.
It was all well-deserved, 166.
He was an icon.
He was a brilliant interviewer.
He was a...
He was a pudgy face, a red-faced guy from Buffalo, you know,
who never stole a freight train, it's all.
I mean, if I had to give him on the scale of 1 to 10,
as far as importance in the scheme of the world,
I don't think I'd even give him a 1.
A fraction, like the guys across the street usually get, you know?
So who's running that place now?
Howard Davis?
Howard David.
No, not Howard David.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
And what states does he on?
Which one of those stations that have no ratings?
Oh, oh, oh.
He's doing freelance analysis announcing, I heard.
Calling games.
Calling games?
Yes.
He's not doing poker anymore?
I don't know.
Maybe that's one of the things.
He was announcing, what was that, Chris?
Yeah, I believe it was poker, yeah.
Maybe he's still doing that, you know, for the rest of the world.
Everything by play on the radio or golf on the radio.
And it was the time you got to go.
The time you got to whisper, you got to be a little quiet.
It was all well deserved, 166.
In St. Overkill, 134, that's clearly the correct answer.
I thought that would win hands down your pants, but it didn't.
Who's Tim Russell, 25?
And he died?
24 people say he died?
I can't find it.
But I will.
He died?
Say it's all right.
Sonny La Palada.
I guess they figured he was that important because NBC and MSNBC and the people everywhere.
Bob Sheeper with CBS.
Everybody's been emoting and telling us how important he was.
I wish I knew that when he was alive.
I was watching all those times.
He was on there with Brian Williams and Tom Bulkaw and Keith Oberman.
I wish I knew that.
Michael Reagan speaking of media people, radio talk show host and son of the late president
Ronald Reagan, could be investigated by the FBI after he called for the execution of Mark Dice,
any more activist and founder of Media Watchdog Group, the resistance on the air.
What a classy guy, Michael Reagan, a real Nazi.
What a bizarre family, huh?
You got Ron Reagan Jr. there, the ballet dancer.
Gay.
And you got Michael, who's a real full-fledged Nazi.
Now what's the daughter's name, a reen, right?
I don't know.
Did she die?
Didn't she have breast cancer and she died or I dream that?
I don't know if you dropped it.
Why don't you Google it for crying out loud you lazy bastard?
Chris is.
That's where I meant.
I was telling about you.
Of course I go.
No, I answered a lazy bastard, absolutely.
Me too.
On the 10th of June edition of his nationally syndicated radio America show, Reagan called Dice
and the others in 9-11 Truth Movement, traitors after learning that they were sending letters,
declassified documents and DVDs to troops in Iraq that they say point to government involvement
in the attacks on the World Trade Center in 2001.
August 8th, 2001.
Marine Reagan?
Yeah.
She died of cancer, right?
Breast cancer?
I'm still looking.
The effort is part of the resistance's operation and form the soldiers.
I don't want the soldiers who are risking their lives and Iraq to be used as pawns in the creation
of a new world order that I said in a recent press release.
I personally know US Marines who believe 9-11 was an inside job and they tell me that many
Marines suspect this is the case but are afraid to speak up out of fear of punishment.
We ought to find the people who are saying these things Reagan said take them out and shoot them really.
Just find the people who are sending those letters to demoralize our troops, their traitors to this country and shoot them.
You have a problem with that deal with it.
Malone.
Anybody who...
What?
No, no.
Oh.
But anybody who would do that doesn't deserve to live.
You call them traitors, that's what they are and you shoot them dead.
I'll pay for the bullies that Michael freaking Reagan.
How about you take Mark Dice out and continue to put them in the middle of the firing range.
Time to oppose, don't blindfold them and let it rip and have some fun with Mark Dice.
Now we know where the Ron Paul supporters went, Crypto Co-host.
On Sunday Dice announced on his website.
He received a personal apology from Reagan and appeared on this show last night to receive an in-person apology.
While I understand different political opinions can result in a heated argument, Reagan statements are completely unacceptable, un-American and extremely dangerous, I said.
Reagan has elevated the hate and rhetoric into those who disagree with his war to a new and unprecedented level.
He must be fired immediately if not sooner and no other radio or TV never should let his voice be heard or his face be seen.
Despite Reagan's apology, Dice continued the Pandora's box that he opened can never be closed.
The ramifications of his threats and suggestions are enormous and frightening.
In a few clicks of a keyboard to result anyone's home-addresping found, Reagan's comments over the offer stocking, vandals and worse, any threats made will be forwarded immediately if the I-N-appropriate legal action will be taken.
Put his ass in jail.
The biggest name of the tax tower is George.
George is a 5.50 QAAM.
The fourth leader.
We give Ricky a blow.
What about that top button? What does it freeze?
You know what they weigh?
We're about a good 22 pounds together.
George, it's a heavy load.
I hear they're even that's okay.
I woke up this morning and I felt like I was looking at...
But you're tough in this sometimes.
You're sporting one.
Cause she got big ass movies.
Woo!
I guess you might just spare yourself and bear it's mom.
She's showing me the boobies that I like them too.
And find yourself across your heart.
This time she's sporting a seamless demie bra.
Movies are loosed this time up.
You don't want them, you will find nobody else.
Talk to them bro.
Better off with the four peace on your own.
It's time to go home and find my good business.
Movies are loosed this time up.
Even though they get me hot, that's hot.
You might cover them so they don't look right.
I caught a heart rat chaffing.
A missile.
She had to put a wide blow sign on those babies.
Movies are loosed this time up.
Movies are loosed this time up.
And most of our colleagues go...
It's 131QM.
Guess what Eric put the schedule up for the summertime?
Al, alright.
You see that?
Nice work he did on there on our website?
Looking at it now.
Are you taking a puke at it?
Yep.
Right up there on top.
The summer schedule is starting June 16th.
Which was yesterday.
And there's the poll 516.
I think you got a shot at 600.
1.2?
Wow.
You got 28 minutes to get 32 more votes.
That would be astonishing.
In the dog days of summertime.
I'm not even footsy with you probably half an hour and a tomorrow.
And George will be listening.
569.
You need 31 votes in 28 minutes.
You know something I've never heard him in my life?
Me either.
I'm not talking about as a talker.
Is anything?
I met him.
I heard him know when I met him the one time.
You met him?
Yeah.
What was that?
You met footsy?
Like a couple of years ago I think it was.
And what was this?
In the feed room?
I just went to the club.
At a swing club?
I might have evolved it.
I believe the name of it.
Get out of here.
Footsy?
Yeah.
Wasn't his first time there?
Come on.
Was ours not his?
Was that Redpus?
He knew everybody.
And that round nose?
Oh, that was a good one.
I'm not talking about the other nose.
569 votes on the pool.
Once you take on the immediate coverage of Tim Russell's death,
Insane Overkill should be winning by a million miles.
And it's third.
It's a distant third.
Thank God at least it was well deserved isn't winning.
Oh, there's your president.
Jim Nussel is going to go up to work with Congress.
Let's go to a heck of a job.
I'm sure that.
There's enough money to take care of this disaster.
Just like Katrina.
Heck of a job.
W.
Now let's get this phone crank in here again.
We only got 20 or 7 minutes to kill.
And Chris is just Jones in for that 600.
That would be truly remarkable.
You know, since his pool didn't go up there like 935 or something like that.
Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Wouldn't it be?
Oh, it would be great.
567, 0560.
We're still looking for our first lady caller today.
George drove them all away yesterday.
No, they're the ladies love you.
I wish.
Yeah, that's what I was going to say.
The ladies say they like me as a friend.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, oh.
Wow.
Ain't that the true, eh?
That's that's generally how it goes with whatever you're looking for.
That's right.
You as a friend.
Uh-huh.
In other words, the answer is no, no, no chance.
No shot.
W2A M. Hello.
I think both the M.
QA M. Hello.
Not there.
That's it.
Those were our two calls.
Something really stinks here.
Maybe they're all busy voting on the pool.
Oh, what the hell is that?
Speed up my PC?
They're just, uh, there is stuff coming on my computer here.
It's evil.
Is it?
Yeah.
Or where they were to come from.
It just popped up by itself.
Is it a pop up or pop under?
What do you mean by that?
In case maybe it's the newer and the city is form of pop up.
It pops under something.
So you don't see it until you're closing things later.
But I'm on Mozilla Firefox.
No, they're getting to them too.
Are they really?
Oh, yeah.
500 and seven.
Is that possible?
We just got 10 more.
579.
You want to need 21 votes to get to 600?
This is alarming.
W2A M. Hello.
I see.
Very people.
W2A M. Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yeah, I am the WIOD.
No, W2A M.
Oh, it's just WIOM.
Hey, you all right?
Well, I was about to leave you a sudden.
Oh, well, hey, you worked through the old days, didn't you?
I sure did.
All right.
WIOD.
I hate that station.
I'm a long time listener.
What can I tell you?
It's a great thing in my mind.
I just want to say, you know, you know, you know, they're giving a lot of coverage.
But, you know, he was a good guy.
What can I tell you?
He reported for you.
And let's hope that we all feel the same way about you when you go.
What does that mean?
I mean, we, there's a lot of people that love you.
So, you know, hopefully you won't be forgotten.
I hear a T.
When I croak, there's not going to be 85 hours of breathless coverage in people sitting around
carrying a life.
Believe me.
You know, what kind of thing?
You've always entertained us.
And, you know, unfortunately now they got the zip-bronter mouth now.
We can't say, you know, a lot of the other things.
That's the right one.
Jokes like the old days.
But, you know, hey, what will we remember you as much as we're remembering him?
How's that?
Okay. Well, I'll hurry up and die soon so we can get on with it.
Thanks, pal.
I'll take care.
Okay.
Hurry up and die already.
You old faggot.
Hurry up and croak.
Now, I'm going to look 100 just out of spite.
I'm sure you will.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Certainly having a controversy.
Yeah.
Propercy, I'll show today.
Wonderful program.
What about that?
How many QAM?
Hello.
I called you last time.
Call me one.
They regarding familiar shoes.
Hello.
Yeah.
The other one.
It's a boyfriend?
Mm-hmm.
Is this the boyfriend?
I'm just showing today.
They're passionate back and forth.
And I don't mean to follow me there.
I know.
WQAM, hello.
Thank you, Ellen.
I want to take you to Brazil.
Wouldn't it be able to come?
No.
Come on.
No.
I pay for everything.
No.
It's a dream.
Come on, Neil.
It's a nightmare.
It sounds like to me.
No way.
I'll take you to the beach everywhere.
We'll find out.
We'll take you to one of those candy tails.
Okay.
It's not like I was stalker.
I don't want to feel no matter what.
Yeah.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
567-0560.
We can't get one lady to call the baby before 2 o'clock.
This is an infomnia.
Well, nothing's perfect.
You know we're doing good on a pool.
We're in the pool position.
And look at this.
Unblue speed.
What is that?
More.
Your PC optimization is very low.
Something just came up.
There's stuff coming up.
Are you on a website that you aren't normally on?
No, I'm on a website.
That shouldn't be on our page.
Or you should close it and reopen it then.
Something like that.
Somebody found you.
Yeah.
Close the browser and then reopen it.
I just did that.
Okay.
And there it is again.
I mean, there's no craft yet.
Something really sinister going on here today.
Just like that, Erzatz message I was supposed to have from Brandon.
There was no message.
587 on the server.
We need only 13 votes now in 20 minutes.
I think even Chris can do that.
Even with his fat growth and lack of energy, I think you can do it.
We can do it.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Hi.
This is a creature calling.
I'm the only female in town.
Lucretia.
Or maybe it was a Victor Borger.
That's all right.
WDQAM.
Hello.
I got a thousand voices.
Let me come in and show you how.
WDQAM.
Hello.
There's only one.
Just like in the Exorcist.
We said there was only one.
We got one bad voice.
WDQAM.
Hello.
He's kind of like a Pat Pettangirl.
He's got a Zinn in different voices.
And they all sound exactly the same.
At about the same time, the test has come.
Here is the WDQAM.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
WDQAM.
Like, peace and quiet.
And I don't need to listen to money, Fag.
Party Frank.
Ranging in my ear because I've made a few bucks.
Have a book I work on.
You'll all make a friendly child.
You'll all make a big deal.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
You're in a perfect...
What the hell's the matter, honey?
I've been kidnapped.
Are you crying?
You sound like you're crying.
I've been kidnapped by aliens.
You've been kidnapped again?
By aliens.
You've been kidnapped by aliens.
Where they done tuck you?
I'm a Kirkki.
I'm a Kirkki.
I'm a Kirkki.
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
In New Mexico.
I'm a Kirkki.
Yeah.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, New Mexico.
OK.
I don't believe you, honey.
You don't have to lie to me.
I want to get married.
I really do what you said.
I was kidnapped by aliens.
I don't believe you, honey.
They got short hair.
They got short hair.
They're the aliens.
They're short hair.
You say short hair.
You mean like, right?
See, crash short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like, oboe.
They're different to the bigger children.
All right, honey, don't get elected.
I believe you.
Where are you?
You cannot pick you up.
I'm about to seven eleven.
Seven eleven?
Yeah.
Could you give me a slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Like a blueberry wolf.
I just think, good enough.
I think it's your slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey.
I'm the aliens of the blue bed.
Aliens drop a blue van.
Yes.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is it?
It's a kind of van.
Does they do anything to you?
Is it a probe?
No.
Focust.
No.
Frod.
No.
Like, love to you.
No, you can't.
You can't.
I'm not coming.
I want to stay at the seven eleven.
You don't want to marry me, do you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm not.
I'm done with it.
I'm busy.
Bye bye.
Love you.
Love you.
Love you.
Bye.
Come over here.
14614.
No two.
The most interesting thing about that, because how his voice keeps changing now.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That can go intentionally either, but just.
Yeah.
Yeah.
As they are.
567, we've got 601 vote on the pool.
That is really a shocker.
We thank you from the bottom of Chris' fat ass.
How many QAM?
Hello.
QAM, Hola.
How many QAM?
Hello.
How many QAM?
The dollar can't compress you.
Uh-huh.
How many QAM?
Hello.
Hi Neil.
Oh my god.
Wow.
A miracle.
I just wanted to call to tell you that they're doing this team rougher thing like Memo and Peter
Jennings side of one cancer.
Yeah.
They're doing the same thing.
No, they're not.
They're doing a thousand times more.
I know.
I'm tired of listening to it, so I have it off.
But I mean like, Barbara Walters called in the other night and said it's almost like the
Peter Jennings thing.
Is that what you said?
Look at that.
They just ripped your phone out of the wall.
Can you hear it?
I heard it.
Just like somebody pulled the cord out on a freaking wall.
I guess that'll teach her.
Although we got our lady calling.
Let's hear it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hello, to the lady.
I like the black boys.
We use.
Somebody QAM, hello.
They all start.
Hey Neil.
Yes.
Hey, uh, so there's a annoying pop-up center coming on your computer.
Anti-spyware.
Out-of-where is probably the best one out there.
I've already used it.
You have.
Mm-hmm.
I bought it.
How are you, Senator?
I used it this morning.
Wow.
Wow.
I don't know what to tell you then.
Good luck.
Okay, those two I had today, I mean the first one was just a aim.
Instant messaging, you know.
Just to see how that opens.
What?
You have an instant messenger open?
No, I don't.
I'm just asking.
No, why?
Because they pop up through that too.
So that's what the thing popped up there that speed up your computer.
I mean I don't think it was anything like really evil.
You think no, it's just a pop-up.
That thing had.
Not somebody getting so excited about that.
I'm not.
I'm not excited because they look really nifty as a matter of fact.
They always do.
What?
They always do.
Do they really?
They try to.
604 votes on your poll.
I can't believe it.
Even I'm impressed.
Let me see who I am.
Hello.
Not mine.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear?
I can't believe it's the rest of time.
No.
I'm telling you.
Let me see who I am.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Listen, I was told that I'm not spoken to you in the last five years.
By the way, I'm doing all for the fucking guy.
I happen to be in the car.
I was also, but I just want to go for that A-hole that called.
Tell them I was in the car.
I wasn't talking about black people and this and that.
You know, so it's ignorant.
Anyway, that's the only reason I call.
I'm listening to you all the time.
And what's in the car?
I was with all this and see you.
So, yeah, I was great.
Okay.
I asked the team, you'll be this.
Wow.
We thought they could afford to remember.
We did.
The enough of the second guy used to call all the time.
Last we heard they were just like, you know,
you put it stuck in.
Dragon of a way and we didn't hear from them for a long time.
You know, put it stuck in.
Well, you must have a better pipeline than I do.
You just have a better memory.
We just make a lot of crap up.
No, that's your job.
Nobody to QA and hello.
Hi.
Could you please every tenth time as you mentioned the total of the poll?
Tell us what the poll was about for those of us who don't spend all day listening.
How many times do you like me to read it?
Schmuck.
Tell us what the bulls about.
The bulls about how many A-holes do we talk to every day on the show?
80 million.
80 million A-holes, okay, ass wives.
And you're on it, sir.
You're on it.
You're right near the top.
How many QA and hello?
Yeah.
What was that guy's just called?
What's that the fucking guy?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, fuck this.
Not.
How many QA and hello?
Hi, what an idiot.
You don't need any political experience to be part of that, right?
Correct.
So one, for president.
All right.
So this person's very clearly enough and you know, really put his heart into it.
Do you think Howard's there's ever been president?
On point.
How many QA and hello?
Hey, Neil, how you doing today?
Okay.
I'm just calling for the two and they're coming guys that called.
I want to let them know that there's, I'm white and I listen to and I know some white guys that are still listening to you also down here.
Really?
Yeah, it's amazing.
I think Steve is going on over here.
Okay.
Keep up.
Okay, we got the Nicaragua and the white folks.
All we need now is a couple of humans will be all set.
I don't think we're going to be too big for the humans anymore now that A.V.
on his turn into a communist.
A communist to a communist, baby.
That is really.
A neighbor.
A shocker.
Well, you know what I have in red?
What?
How long is this thing going on?
How'd you like to be the new Jack of Rock?
You could be the new face to the Hard Rock Casino and Hotel and help getting the word out about Blackjack coming to the
Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino to submit your video application to three minutes or less.
Just log on to wqm.com.
You could be the newest rock star in town.
It says.
Of course, Josh Cordis wrote it so he said, check you up yet or what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I said it to him this time, direct.
I ain't seen him today.
Well, he must have got to check them.
Probably else.
I'm spending it.
WQAM.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes?
Let me take you out for a speak.
Please.
Hello?
Is that better?
That's much better.
Sounds like you're on.
It is.
Oh, I've been about 10 seconds, 20.
No, not on it.
Hold it in 20 seconds.
Come on.
You're getting ready for me.
Please, take it out.
I want to put you in my catalog.
WQAM.
Hello.
George is sucking a life out of the show.
Please.
WQAM.
Hello.
I have no idea.
You weigh on.
Tim, what's it?
No, I have no idea what this guy is.
And now all you hear is the media over and over.
But where's Tiny Kid?
Tiny Kid?
And he doesn't know what you're doing.
I love you, Tiny.
You died for a sin.
The rain is falling.
And Tiny is coming back to save my sacrifice.
Look away.
I think he's got a Tiny problem.
Or it would be a gigantic problem.
I'm not really sure.
What do you think?
I don't feel it.
614 votes on the program.
I'm not going to tell you what it is.
Because I was really porky that called before that idiot.
Here's hotel.com.
They're bugging me.
Now you want to get a really great deal for the...
You know what I'm saying?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Okay, I'm ready.
Fourth.
Later.
It's day.
My editor.
He's got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
Little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the a little bit of a little bit of
