Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible versus better?
Well I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of You, Sank My Martyr, comes again the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion!
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible,
and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
Um, I'll pick a guess. Um, how about a kiss?
Nope, sorry, Belly.
I'm sorry, Jesus!
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll, nails and a tiny spear, fake blood, wooden cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion! A parodic of Trinity Brothers!
Okay, 10-1-560 WQMXD.
He didn't show it's Thursday, July 17. Wow.
Years is floating right along. Before you know it, it'll be the next.
It'll be 2009. I'll be working for peanuts. You'll be on welfare and, uh, we not only know.
Pretty interesting poll today from Charlie Beall, although once again it's Neal Centric.
You know what I mean by that? Yes.
Everything he does got to be well Neal though. If Neal parts will they smell it on Mars? If Neal, uh, you know, whatever.
Neal Neal Neal.
You're obsessed Charlie Beall, you're like a sick person.
In fact, having seen him at Gulf Stream that day, well he really is.
Looking bad.
You know what I just found? Sit on the accounting here. I'm gonna throw it out. I'm gonna smit-can it.
Hold them in them.
Dinos Julacus sent this to me. March 23rd, 2004.
He says, sometime ago I came across a quote that was attributed to Amel Zola, which I paraphrased as this.
Civilization will thrive when the last stone from the last church falls on the last priest.
This, of course, could apply to all religions, he said. Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
Well, I don't- I don't have the room here for a lot of the sillier old.
And it's great. That's a good line.
And of course, thank God for that Eli character in their will-be blood because he showed us all the fakery and chakenery and as if.
That is such a bad flick. I don't want to spend any more time on it. I talked about it for the whole show on Tuesday, but it's bad.
And I read these pseudo-intellectual reviewers. Oh my God.
Oh, they are dark. Yeah, dark. In the first 15 minutes you came and see them.
It's like a black screen and no dialogue.
Other than that, it's got a great start and a really great ending.
Well, and you know what I discovered in reading the reviews and I didn't even realize it?
He's the one who says, I'm finished.
Okay.
Okay. Of course, that means nothing to me because, you know.
No, but I'm talking about, you know, Daniel De Lewis, who's the whole movie, actually.
And at the end, I thought it was his assistant, his buddy there who said, I'm finished.
And oh, he says it. And then we go to the credits.
Which makes even less sense. I'm finished.
That was after he beat Eli over the head with a bowling pin and crushed his skull in the blood.
We finally do see blood there at the end. It took the whole movie before we saw any blood.
So he shot his fake brother in the head and he didn't bleed.
Talk about a hard head. We've heard about hard ass like Joe Bell.
I don't know, maybe I talked about him too much on Tuesday. Do you think we're not enough?
Or whatever.
Today's Thursday that means it's our two-four-one-neil deal coming up with your pangro.
Does that mean you get more food again today or what?
Yes.
And we can actually talk about it because it's probably a commercial enterprise.
It's part of a yeah. We're making some money.
A ride!
500 trivotes on our poll. Let's say to the one you did yesterday. I'm sorry.
I apologize. No worries.
Usually.
Sorry. Don't really care about me either.
Oh, the Dow's up 82 points.
A ride!
What's your take on the Belgians buying Budweiser?
It was George's very incredibly weak poll again.
What? Incredibly weak is right.
487 hands of poll.
Right. It's a question.
People were talking about it for some reason.
People are talking about it.
It's all over the news.
Everybody's like, even on this morning, they were talking about it again.
Why?
I don't know.
That's why I put that option on there. Why should I care so that I could vote for it?
Why?
Why should I care wins 239 votes?
Winds hands down your pantaloons.
It's an outrage, 165.
Oh, yeah.
I'm pissed off and fired up about it.
Dozens buying Budweiser.
I think it's great 34.
Who are the Belgians 27?
And what's Budweiser 22?
Right.
Oh, what a bad poll.
Where did you come up with that?
I pulled it out of my horse.
Out of your ass?
That's right.
Smells like it.
Smells bad.
500 left of votes on this poll.
And it's going to take an hour to read it.
This is not going to be a Charlie B. polls where all the choices are really real long.
You're there.
He's the kind of guy that would like.
There will be blood.
I guarantee he likes it.
Sudo intellectual A-hole.
Considering all the crap that's at WQM powers that B dump on him,
how much kneels next five years go?
Even the question takes five minutes to read.
He'll outlast Joe Bell and clearance at the station 102.
Somehow he'll make it through a live sanity intact.
95.
Live a long slow burnout.
Hell, it's already begun.
65.
See, he couldn't just say, you know, he's got a...
Did this man has got problems, you know what I'm saying?
Yes.
Real problem, yes.
In a snit over some Schmidt, he'll up and quit.
57.
He's a poet and he don't even know it.
Some other station will make him an offer he can't refuse.
31.
Oh yeah.
He'll really negotiate the five years down to one or two, 29.
He'll keel over and die on the year, 28.
11-Eurus break down on the year and have to be Baker-acted, 28.
He'll call in sick more often, 24.
See ya.
He'll lose his marbles and leap off his balcony, mic in hand, 23.
He'll be fired after committing a Don I'mus on air, 7.
The show will be canceled, 6.
He'll be forced to do more sports talk, 5.
The show will be moved to some God for seconds, spot on the schedule, 2.
And the show's hours will be drastically cut, 1.
That's fine with me.
They want to keep paying me the same money.
15 minutes a day sounds really good twice a week.
What do you think?
You can handle it?
Nope.
Why not?
I want it.
No, it's a stretch of the money.
Yeah, it's a bit of money.
Did you see that?
No.
Didn't look interesting.
It's red blows.
Saw it in hamster dam, it really sucks.
It's got, I don't know what is it, Matthew McConney in there.
Yep.
And you know something, it made me realize that,
and maybe I'm wrong about that because I don't get up real early on Sunday morning.
Well, I do get up real early, but usually they go to woodbine.
But I'm losing my ass there since I came back.
But those shows that they used to have on Sunday morning with all the touts,
you know, Ron Bash and this one and that one where they were,
the sports book people, vetting people.
They're all gone, aren't they?
They're usually on for football season, I think.
I don't see them anymore.
Well, it's not football season right now.
Well, that's what that movie is all about, too, for the money.
And Al Pacino was, I was reading some of the reviews.
One of them was very funny.
It says, Pacino, for years now has been doing the same rule
and just keeps shouting a lot.
And that's correct.
And shouting a lot.
He has defeated himself to such a, yeah, like that.
It's such a level.
He'll take any role in any, like, no matter how bad it is.
And that's kind of sad because he has a good actor.
But I want to say a great actor.
Do you think he's a great actor?
Once I put a time, I would have thought that.
Not so much anymore.
Same thing with Robert De Niro, his other just become,
he acts like himself.
Robert Duval, now there's a great actor.
Robert De Niro always plays the same character, him.
Like Spencer Tracy, did he always play Spencer Tracy?
WQA&ho.
First call of the day, yes, sir.
Are you endorsing Barack Obama?
Well, what does that mean? Am I endorsing?
I'm a funky radio talk show.
What does that mean?
Do you like him or do you like McCain or do you like Ralph Nader?
Or do you like Bill Lovic-Terry, and which one you go for?
Do you listen to this show?
Yeah, I don't like the Democrats. They make me nervous.
Make you nervous, but this call makes me nervous, okay?
You want another four years of what we just got finished.
What we're in the middle of now, you want more depression and recession,
and oil and lunacy and war.
See, war is a big business.
It's the world's biggest business, and then religion's probably number two.
But the business of war is what the world is all about.
They go together, by the way, to partners and crime.
Yes, that's right.
War is a business, and the world is a business, Mr. Bill.
How anybody could knock that movie, including your friend,
or what's his name there?
Joshua.
Curtis.
Who didn't put the stories up, by the way, this morning,
until I had the George Senneman text message and say,
what's with the damn bedtime stories on the website?
You idiot. You quistling. You...
You fair.
Yeah, he's a simpleton, man.
Oh, I need a thousand bucks. It's time for a check. It's time for dad.
Get, take a second, wipe your ass with it, okay?
We're going to keep sending him money and he puts his...
Basically, he does whatever, whenever he feels like it.
That's when he puts his stuff up.
And then, of course, he screwed up while I was going to Mr. Day,
and then George's...
Son of a...
Yeah, son of a...
He was home all day or something like that.
I was out all day.
No, out all day?
I was away from home all day, son of a...
What were you doing?
Chicanery.
Oh, good.
WDQYM, hello.
Oh, your body cold.
It's for you, QYM, hello.
My name is Joe.
That's it.
WDQYM, hello.
Morning, Teddy Rooks.
I beg your pardon?
I'm not that lower.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
Okay, good. You're a good set of calls to get us started this morning.
I like it.
A really good set.
What's your name's got a good set?
We were talking about, oh, with the Philip, I'll see more Hoffman.
What's your name?
Morissath.
You told me the Morissath's old name.
Morissath's a...
That's a...
Boobies hanging out.
I mean, that was the first thing in the movie and it was already good.
I already liked that video.
I always say, I don't want to see him, simulated.
No.
Kind of sex sex.
I don't want to see him naked.
I don't want to see him with his shirt off.
He's a great actor.
I like him a lot, but I don't want to see him naked.
He is pasty and fat and gross.
And yet, the people that make those movies seem fascinated on...
Every movie he's in, we have to see him naked or simulating some kind of a sex thing.
What was the movie where he was pasting the postcard to the wall?
Happiness.
Happiness.
Was that it?
Yeah.
How can you forget?
I don't know.
So many.
There was a running theme in that movie.
I don't know.
And they also saw me making owning my own English.
It was a great movie.
I don't remember that.
I was like, oh yeah.
I walked out of my head.
That's a good movie.
It was a true story right here in Toronto.
Right.
There's one thing I can't stand.
It's people who gamble.
Yeah.
Deget요.
Like me.
10-13 is 5-60 WQM.
What do we got today?
We got the Jerkshow in Vegas.
Oh my God.
Is he still on?
DA for Mad Dog.
4-7.
Dolphins tonight from 7-8.
That's why everybody goes by by.
Goes away from us.
And then a 12-1 Curtis for DA who's on.
For Mad Dog.
Got all that?
And then overnight at CSPN Radio because we're cheap.
Here's another great Niels deal offer.
Another chance to buy gifts and certificates at half price.
This week it's DiPango Restaurant in Parkland.
It's hip, a party, and a culinary delight.
DiPango is Asian cuisine at its best.
Sushi tie a little Chinese and the fusion of flavors that are unbelievable.
Sushi is incredibly creative out of the ordinary and delicious.
The kitchen flows with food for the non-sushi lovers too with dishes like
pad Thai, charred red sea bass, or shrimp and scallops with noodles.
For meat lovers, DiPango's got a 14-ounce strip steak,
grizzled and teriyaki with crisp shallots that are just too good to be true.
Creader Mongolian beef, shrimp or chicken with
DiPango signature fried rice, and the lobster dishes are incredible as well.
And DiPango's got a new full liquor lounge for late night dining, drinking, and dancing.
DiPango on stay road 7 just north of Hillsboro, Marlin Parkland.
For reservations call 9-5-4-3-4-5-4-2-2-63 and starting at noon today,
you can buy 50-dollar certificates for just 25 bucks.
We've got 100 of them for you on wqm.com.
We sell them on fast-byes time, so you better hurry because once they're gone, they're just gone.
The best talent for this new largest sportly of 5.60 quam.
I'm there for it later.
I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air
because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David.
Do I get along with great?
I thought.
He called me and...
Ah!
Saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
It's some easily listening love music, so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard the caller, like Howard from Boca.
Howard from Boca.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So I just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station.
Everybody else.
But it's over.
Me and you done.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feetler's thumb.
Mm-hmm.
If you need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.K.?
Um, it's the doctor who performed the surgery.
Let's think about that.
What's his name?
Clay.
Who's...
Feetler's doctor?
Yeah.
I don't know who he was.
Did he use George Colwell?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure where he went.
I'm not sure where he went.
Did he go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well, bottom line is that...
The doctor's can't tell how long J. is going to be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere in Least of Month could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Wally on the World with you on Q.A.M.
Jason, you're on Q.A.M.
We don't have any national guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard...
No, of course not.
Tell the 19th, just a little mentally there to keep his memory alive.
We miss him badly, don't we?
That's all never forget.
And that was one of the first things that J. J. did.
He called me up and said,
Howard David did his last show on Q.A.M. today.
Ho-ho-ho!
And I thought to myself, yeah, I'm big deal.
Who cares?
You tub of crap.
And like I was saying to George before the show today,
there are some people, and all of you out there, if you work for somebody else.
I mean, you know, some people got their own business, which is great.
But if you work for somebody else, there are people who are good at work for,
which I've had, you know, a few of those.
Dick Casper, Gary Lawrence, I've had some nice people I've worked for.
Bob Green was okay some of the time, usually not.
Till the end, till the end when he became, I don't know, crazy person.
Remember that after they sold the station?
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, I'm a passion, you're gonna be working for a passion.
Oh, you're gonna love that, and you're all right.
That's alright, actually.
Then I've worked for some people who are like mediocre, you know, like,
okay, not good, not bad, just mediocre.
And then you work for people who are bad.
They're incompetent, they're evil, they're whatever they are.
And then there are people who are just downright horrendous, subhuman.
I guess I've been pretty lucky that I never worked for one of those until now.
Sob human.
I mean, Greg Green was, how would you categorize him?
I'm like in that middle category?
No comment.
Oh, that's right, he hated you like poison.
Yeah.
He's responsible, see, he set the trend here, you know, he was the one that hired everybody else.
With the same mentality as him.
You know, the no sooner.
Oh, I saw Gary Sanders twin in Amsterdam again.
Oh, good, good for you.
No, he's the one that, you know, that said it all up and started the first domino.
That's why everybody here is a member of that religion and you can't talk to them about anything.
No, I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about it.
No, see, that you're wrong about that.
That's the beastlies.
You don't understand them or whatever.
There are a bunch of sports nerds.
He was just in partner and bed with them.
I see.
And in bed with a lot of others.
But as far as management in terms of relating to the hired hands, I would put him in the middle category.
He was, he was okay.
He had his moments.
He gave me the opportunity to do my show out of that town.
I'd be in a box right now.
If I had to stay there at all these years, last six and a half years, I'd be dead.
There's no question about it.
I would be dead.
So he gave me that opportunity, which I appreciate very much, very much so.
I mean, he was, he didn't know his ass from his elbow.
He certainly didn't know anything about this business.
But nevertheless, he made it.
And he wasn't 100% cheap.
No, he didn't spend some money.
That was part of the problem.
That's why they replaced him.
Right.
That's right.
He was spending too much money.
Then we come to this jolly joe bell.
There is no category for him.
He's in a class by himself.
When people go out of their way to do evil things and to create mischief and to destroy people's lives and to do a harm.
See, my philosophy, that DNA's do no harm.
He is the antithesis of that.
Whatever that means.
He's the exact opposite.
Do harm.
That's his philosophy.
Do as much as you can.
Screw up people's lives, cut their paid by 90%, lie a lot, screw up the format, put shows on here that even...
That nobody would believe along on here.
I'm thinking of that Kenyan Blow morning show.
Kenyan Blow?
Right.
That's what I said.
But they're not getting it.
And boy, did it ever.
We heard a lot about all those sports writers.
Man, we had Ethan's skull neck.
We heard about...
We heard Bo camp.
We're talking about Ethan's skull neck smelly bomb movements.
And that was one of the highlights of the Kenyan Blow morning show.
And did it ever blow, yes.
Blue the audience right out of the water.
Blue those ratings out of the water, too.
And of course Joe Bell, good buddies with the Kenny Walker.
That's why that show materialized.
How do that work out?
Then of course we got Jerks now from 2 to 4.
We got the hopper is going.
I'm telling you since the beginning of the year we're struggling.
Remember the struggling lady?
We're struggling.
Yeah.
Since he's scooted all up again.
Blue out of the cave.
And of course now at night we got a point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
We got plenty of nothing like that.
Evil, there were and then he goes in the sting with the food.
This is like piling on.
You know, where's the flag on the field?
It should be 15 yard penalty for a piling on.
Am I right Chris?
Yep.
No food.
Unless you pay for it.
The one perk that a lot of the underlings can get the free food,
which has been going on since before Jesus was an infant.
Before the beginning of time immemorial,
whatever the hell that means.
It's been going on.
Schnorr a little, whore a little, give a little free food man,
give a little plug, a little plug old,
there's nothing wrong with that.
It's not illegal.
Everybody does it everywhere.
Not us, not no more.
And of course when you're off, I wonder how many meals he's paying for that tub.
He probably got probably got the expensive count.
He's putting all his meals on when you think.
I don't know.
When you think, I think he's getting paid a lot,
so he doesn't need an expensive count.
I guarantee he's got an expensive count.
That's probably why he took me to lunch with Bruce Beasley that time.
He's in Tia, the Beasley's pay for that lunch, not him.
Not his fat ass.
Just go out of your way to do everything you can to screw it up.
And I'll tell you one thing he's doing a magnificent job.
I got to hand that to him.
He is doing a phenomenal job.
If he was on the payroll of any of our competitors,
they ought to be dancing in the streets with Martha and of Andealus.
They ought to be jumping up and down my crumple, stills getting on the ass.
That's right.
Because he is just the killer from Vanilla.
How are we doing in your pool by the way, Chris?
I'm whipped up today.
I don't know why.
Because I guess because they got to work.
563.
563. That's our frequency, isn't it?
Something like that.
A little bit off.
It's supposed to be 560, but probably.
564. You better get with it.
I apologize.
You're way behind.
You're living in the past.
See, just like George, living in the KIOD days.
Living in the past.
That was close to being like a radio, you know?
Yeah.
It was radio-ish.
And people inside the building would actually work on radio stations once upon a time.
Now we got a bunch of jocks nifers.
Oh my god, that smells so good!
Ooh!
That jock juice, I can't get enough.
Yeah.
And of course, I don't want to get you started on that because then you go overboard and start ramming about it.
No point for a match change.
You're going to be okay?
Yeah.
You're getting a little worried about you.
Yeah, right.
I'm really concerned.
Oh, I'm going to hear you are the best.
I have you.
I'll help them.
I'll help them.
You know what I mean?
I'm going to be the best.
I'm going to be the best.
Fourth, later.
I'm going to give Ricky a blow.
Ford home radio, 560 WQA Unprogrammed Director, Lauren Starrot.
I'm doing, I'm doing, I'm doing, I'm doing, I'm doing, oh hello!
I'm looking for healthy males and feet.
Well, males.
Between the age of 18 and whatever.
To participate in my personal experiment of sport hole loneliness.
It's really not a gay thing, you know.
As an expert program director, I want to play in my sandbox and maybe I'll find someone who shares a similar.
Interest, that is to say.
Fourth, it's the only thing that ever matters.
I recently discovered the human need for companionship.
Someone who doesn't say dirty words like, hmm, ask, unless you're grabbing mine.
Now if you got what it takes to land a sports bag, movie like me, I'll buy you dinner at a sports club in Wilton, Wilton, Manners.
Not a problem for me.
I make six figures.
Can you believe it?
I earned it, sweetie.
I promise them zero.
And that's what they got.
It's called 1-800 Clarence Dower, wants to be your submissive bitch.
Especially if you manage a radio station.
Oh, well, surely I judged.
That's 1-800, minting, bickie, queer.
Now go away and leave me alone.
Do ferry.
Okay, 10-31 at 5-60 WDQ-A-M.
Here's the approl result so far.
579 votes on Neck Charlie B's convoluted pool.
With these long, ponderous choices.
And even the question, long and ponderous.
Considering all the crap that the WQM powers that be dumped on him, how might Neel's next five years go?
He'll outlast Joe Beller Clarence at the station 114.
Somehow I'm making through a life sanity attack, 109.
Sure.
He'll have a long, slow burnout.
Hell, it's already begun.
75.
You know, Charlie must take a lot of drugs, you think?
He looks like it.
He is just a mess.
Talk about walking neurosis.
In a snip over some Schmidt, 11Q-A-M.
67.
Some of the station will make him an offering.
Can't refuse 38.
He'll keel over and die on air 35.
I'm dying over here.
11-Eurus breakdown on the ear.
And have to be baker-active 31.
They don't have that here, sorry.
He'll lose his marbles and we puff his balcony, microphone in hand.
Has got...
BOT TURN, MAN!
He'll renegotiate the five years down to 1 or 2, 29.
He'll call in sick more often, 26.
He'll be forced to do more sports talk, 7.
The show will be canceled, 7.
It'll be the George Rodriguez show because George is the best.
Yeah.
Not?
You ain't?
Uh, second best.
After who jerks?
After you.
He'll be fired after committing a Don I'ma-Son Air 7.
The show will be moved to some ground for a second spot on the schedule 3.
I mean, just to think that anybody could come up with these convoluted choices on here,
Charlie, get yourself some help.
I have no lies.
Jesus, God!
And the show's hours will be drastically cut 1.
Like, down to 10 minutes.
I can handle 10 minutes.
I didn't even work five days a week, 10 minutes.
I don't think so.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Q-Q-M-A-D-Q-Y-M, hello.
Yeah?
Uh, I got a question.
Um, so what's the deal with like Joe Bell?
What if you just start doing the show, you- the way you want to do it?
What do you mean by that?
Well, just, you know, bring it back to the old days, what they can do-
Can't do it.
Can't do it, sir.
They're not gonna fire you, though.
That's what you think.
Ah, come on.
You're- you're the cornerstone of the station.
Let me say it again.
It isn't going to happen.
You're in a dream world, okay?
I need the money.
I need the job.
I need the money.
Uh, uh, uh, whatever the pain, or-
Whatever the pain you all double is.
You'll double is for what?
For bringing it back to what it used to be.
Yeah, well, let me ask you.
How much you've got?
What do you do for living?
Um, I- I don't.
I have no life.
You- you don't have a job?
I have no life.
I listen to you.
How old are you?
20.
20.
You go to school?
Good, September.
You don't go to school.
You don't work.
And you're gonna double my salary if I'll do the show the way you want it.
Yes.
Bye.
And you like that?
Another big shot.
And I'll figure you can't refuse.
Another big shot.
20 and you got no money, honey.
Said a picture, okay, maybe I'll make a deal with it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and me for a ride.
And, unfortunately, I guess, you know, my trip to a Roman Amsterdam was about as-
I was like a monk.
I didn't do anything or anybody.
I'm a- by contrast, Paco, he was- he got around.
Did I tell a story about how he picked up that young guy in the elevator?
Yes, he did.
On the year I told her, I don't remember.
I don't think so.
I told you off here.
I've never seen anything like it in my life.
But I don't think I'm going to tell her right now.
I'm not in the mood right now.
I think I wish I would have done it.
God.
You- you would have been playing- my jaw dropped to my knee.
I've never seen a performance like that in my life.
Some people have got just, you know, no inhibitions.
Mm-hmm.
And know the people who get a lot of action.
Well, I like George, for example.
Right.
George, he sees something hot.
He wants it.
He just grabs it and then he-
That's right.
Go up, Boo-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya.
Well, Unites, Paul, Thomas Anderson, whatever his name is.
Paul, get more-
All these people with these three names, you know.
Philipsy, More Hoffman, and Paul, Thomas Anderson-
What was that all about?
We go through these phases, you know, people with three names.
Like Mexicans who have like plenty names.
Sure.
Mostly-
In 19 of the names so they can hide from the police.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
I finally took the advice after all these years,
and I actually just got back from a trip from Amsterdam.
Oh!
Oh, it was great.
It was great for me.
When were you there?
Probably the same time I was there.
I-I don't know when you were there,
but I was there for the past two weeks.
I just got back the other day.
Well, I was there, uh, let's see, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Hmm, I didn't see you.
We should have met up.
Where did you stay?
Uh, it was-it was the, uh,
just a little, I think it was like a hospital kind of-
Oh, my God, yeah, well.
Nothing really, uh, to write home about.
I was at the Grand Crasnipulskie right there on the Dan Square.
Oh, yeah, I was going to mention, my favorite spot was the Dam Square.
You know that Dam Square?
It was, um, you know, they just have all these different things.
They're all these different shows, and it-it's just-it's-it's-it's really just spend the whole day there.
Uh-hmm.
My favorite part was Barack Obama is a nigger.
That should work really well, didn't it?
Yeah.
I guess-I guess if he went through that whole-pre-you-jure,
they have a lot of different systems that work, like talking-oh, yeah.
Is that always-it makes things really-yeah.
Uh-hmm.
Faster, they-they're-they're fast too next time.
That will make sure it gets on here.
Not.
Idiot.
He wouldn't know where to find Amsterdam if he put a gun to his head.
He couldn't find it with both hands, or his ass.
No, he could find his ass.
He just put his hands on his head.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, cowboy.
Yeah.
Hey, I'll trip with your Saturn.
You want to know what I do?
I'm a poet.
Yeah.
And?
I write poetry for the-uh-Haxir Monde, the Pakistani magazine.
Mm-hmm.
You get a man?
You drive a cab?
No, no cabs.
I think your turbines on way too tight, man.
You think you're a cowboy?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think so, cowboy.
Hey, I'm a cowboy.
Oh, yeah.
I like a part too.
Yeah, uh-huh.
Pakistan in my ass.
Get back on a banana boat, okay?
Pedro?
5, 6, 7, 05.
They're going to be really good today, I can feel it.
And I feel pretty good today too.
I sound- although yesterday I had a whole bunch of oh Henry ice cream.
Rires.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like a tub.
Could've filled a bathtub.
That's how much I ate.
And it didn't- for whatever reason, I feel good today.
My blood sugar is way out-way.
Just out of control, skyrocketing.
But that's okay.
It doesn't-it doesn't bother me today.
Good.
I-and I can hear in my-in my ears, I can hear-
hahaha-hahahah.
I can hear my-is-unlike what's his name's kid?
Daniel De Lewis's kid, H.W. or whatever's name was in there,
will be blood.
I can just can't get over how bad that movie is.
And the George is going to be seeing it this weekend.
Right.
Now, maybe you can explain it to me.
Oh, please, I'll explain.
Oh, yeah.
First 50 minutes is all like black and you can barely see anything.
Yeah, that's my favorite.
Just dark.
In fact, the movie might as well be black and white
because there's really almost no color in it.
At any point.
Is it black and white?
No.
No, it's not.
Well, how do you know?
I've seen the commercials for it.
No, it's not black and white, but like I said, it might as well be.
It's colorless.
The story is colorless.
There's the only thing that's-and even the blood is black.
I noticed one of the reviewers that pointed that out.
Even the blood is black.
How do you like that?
I've heard of blue bloods but never black bloods.
Who did you weigh in?
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, Bob.
There will be blood.
It's a tongue twister, but there will be blood blows.
And you know, that guy in New York also, Daniel DeLewis,
okay, we get it.
You're this great actor that you can really do this deep voice kind of thing.
I don't know.
John Houston voice, yeah.
Yeah, I don't get him at all.
The other thing I want to add to something as you were talking about a couple days ago,
or yeah, because you weren't on yesterday.
But when you were talking about cheap people in the poll,
one group of people that don't get noticed for being cheap,
but are extremely cheap, and I know it because my mom's one,
sweets.
Really?
Very cheap.
Wow.
Extremely disgusting.
Well, how do I get afford to live there then, if they're,
I guess, sweets in America, not the same.
You want me to be honest with you.
Because they're cheap.
I'll tell you why, you want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
I'm not.
You want me to be honest with you.
What's the point?
Like what?
The point was he didn't like the Fricking Jew always.
Look at his name.
The best Tiregior's...
The best Tiregior's...
He's the Long wydate.
The Long wydate.
And theke boys.
Me neither.
I think askedhea.
The Love's mythology makes films blood slogans.
I don't care what you have known that.
And theke de Duo noticed me about he came.
And theke boy signifies me again because I know he's the Daenerys.
Read the book on the Чтобы.
Re Demokraten with the Ruthless homework on his growth.
Read the book on the first bookseYesof.
Read the book on Sutезven.
Read the book on Sutitchens.
man he's the dead guy.
What's the dead guy wearing my suit?
I know it's so messed up my reason why
He dirt hey hey to watch the dead guy
Watch the dead guy watch the dead guy
But I'm not done
His lecture is so rad he's the dead guy
I guess I should be so sad for the dead guy
But that's he supposed to be dead
But he'll get that Oscar man
And you know why he's already dead
Hey hey cuz he's the dead guy
He's the dead guy
He's the dead guy
I wish I was dead
14 before 11 at 560 W2M
Now who was more famous?
Heath Ledger or Tim Russert
Who did more for American culture?
Heath Ledger or Tim Russert
Oh guess who always died?
Bobby Mercer died last year.
Don't make me choose who?
From Reankee
From Reankee Broadcaster or at least the column broadcast
Another part of the jockocracy
Another dumb jock
He's dead. Bobby Mercer
Because they were talking about all the dead people
All the people had died while I was on vacation
A lot of it
A lot of death that's going around man
Because the Lord works at Mr.
The Lord is calling them home
The Lord is calling them home
Don't you love them when people say crap like that?
Sure do
The Lord is calling them home
Or somebody will survive a horrible plane crash
Everybody else on a plane dies
And then they'll thank the Lord for saving them
Isn't that hateful and selfish obnoxious?
A little bit
And why did the Lord let the plane crash in the first place
Why did he do like even Spider-Man can do that?
Or because he works in mysterious ways
But a wicked web we weave
When we choose to deceive
And when we choose to believe
Nonsense! Kaka!
I'm convinced beyond a shadow of a death of the Dottabee
Just a whole series of mental institutions for all of religionists
All the people that really believe this bullcrap
They have to be locked away somewhere so the rest of us can be safe
Make me safe from the God Squad
Please, from the Jesus Christers
From the uh...
Ragheds
You all see in my building here man
I've told you this a million times you wouldn't believe it
Future, suicide, bombers of the universe, all of in this building
Well you'll say 101 votes on your poll by the way
Of course you're doing a magnificent job today
Thank you so much to Charlie B for his long very convoluted poll
It's got potential of being a good poll
The only problem is it's not
It could be
But the choices are just too ass-sucking
And just too long and too convoluted
But that's Charlie you know
Obviously he's got some serious issues
I have no life
That's one of them
WDQAM, hello
Hello
Hey guys, Dr. Deel
Speaking
Hey Deel, we have a real big deal right about that man
A couple other bombs was a vantage point
And uh...
Dan and real life, that was a surprise
And that one was actually pretty good
Oh
Okay
Was that a Bokka Brian bit the last bit?
No
It sounded like the same melody as a Bokka Brian
I think he's got a lawsuit there somewhere
Yeah, okay thanks
Did he write that song?
Yeah
What's the other bit we got with that one?
Well the original one is afro man
But then it's been made into bits
Oh, that's yeah
We can't play that anymore, you could me
We might...
I think bleep
What is it called?
Cause I got high
Is it under caveman?
I think it's under cuzz
Cuzz?
Yeah, C-U-Z
Oh this
Whoa, another part
I don't know if it's bleeped or not
Cause he said it now I'm uh
It's bleeped but still, you know
Oh, no, stop play that
It's good, someone might like it
So we better play it
It's great, it's very funny that it's under cuzz
So we better not play it, you're right, Q-A-M
Hello, you know the great one also
Until we get the life from that 20 year old kid
who's gonna double my salary so I can do the show the way he wants to
Uh-huh
Yeah, just do the show the way you want to now
I love all these experts with their advice
Tell me how to do the show, how to do my life, how to get hired
And I'm sure Joe Bell would love that
This crap on the cornerstone
They've done everything in their power to destroy the station
So obviously they care about the show
Who are you kidding?
Everything in their power, whatever you need you can't get it
We won't give it to you, we won't, we wouldn't give you a finger
Well, I'll give you the finger alright
Maybe you want another one
One of those
What I meant to say is they wouldn't lift a finger
If you were like bleeding that on the floor in there right now
They wouldn't even call the freaking paramedics
How do you know I'm not
You might be, you sound like it
Is the little extra depressed today, Chris?
Uh-huh
Well I came in here this morning and he sounded like death on wheels man
He sounded really bad
I'll whip up, I'm not gonna repeat on here
We said you don't say, for change
Yeah
What do you mean for a change?
Yeah, that lasts like a day or two and then you open up your mouth
Okay, you got it
I always tell people
The one good thing now that I'm old and senile is that by Tuesday
When I'm again I'll forget all about it anyway
So I love danger
I always tell people pretend kneels ears a hot mic with no delay
You've already signed the new deal, I mean what do you got to lose?
Nothing I guess
Not much
3% raise man, that's great
Yeah, of course, remember the young
The contract says they can fire me for any ornobian
Anything they choose right now or no reason
Or no reason? Cause
Cause they won, cause they're gonna high
Yeah
Cause see when people put in a contract they can fire you for cause
That means anything they make up
Right
And I'm convinced that the reason they blew the hump around
Is remember the day that we got the spy report that the offer was sitting at the desk out there
And just cursing out Joe Bell and bitching
And calling everything in a book
And I'm being honest to him, he was walking up behind him
Jolly Joe
He didn't hear the floor creak from the fat
He probably thought it was his own fat that was causing the floor to make those creaking sound
At any rate and I think from that day on
They're developing just an intense hatred
Now we also hate me like poison but the fact of the matter is he
I guess he isn't confident enough that they really want to blow me out yet
They blew out 80k, they blew out Hank
They can't blow everybody out
I mean what the hell would they put on?
Maybe the fabulous sports babe could make a comeback, huh?
She doesn't know please
Oh yeah
No, remember they tried the audition who were at night for two shows?
That didn't last too long, especially when she came on and said she didn't know what damn thing about either
South Florida sports teams and what anybody called in and tell her all about it
That was how that's always a good way to do it
You hear the sirens again?
Yep, every time I mention Jolly Joe Bell the sirens start screaming here
Airview emergency vehicle and then the province
Starts pouring by my window out there
WQA and hello
No shaw again
No shaw again, that's right
No calls from you again will be the highlight of my life man
More on
Idiot, schmuck, schminderick
You ought to kiss the radio for this show is what you ought to do because other than that
I have no life
Correct, correct the window
No calls though right now the phone is dead as a doorknob
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 6 10
They've arised in singular wireless line what's that movie with Steven straight that I like so much that you won't watch?
The covenant the covenant now there's a movie
I mean I'll see if there was on cable over the weekend
Well why didn't you watch it?
Because I don't want to I saw some of it they were at the pool and then I changed it
Yeah they were at the pool nift from here
What do you mean by that?
If I want to watch a bunch of guys swimming I won't
All right does that make you feel insecure a bunch of guys in tidal mood?
No no no you want to want to play one I do you want to watch a bunch of naked women dancing?
Well I mean if that's the whole movie yeah yeah
I mean I'm not into those teen romp movies anyway
anymore as if I ever was
Not a teen romp movie what are you talking about?
You've been watching too much Frankie Avalon and that's from the channel
Oh I love him. Beech blanket bingo
Beach blanket bingo's
5 6 7 0 5 60 but that's maybe the best movie of all time covenant with Steven straight
And then the movie you sent me the 10,000 PCC
Yeah where is the caveman you know you know you
At the point if you're looking past the beard and the uh the roster hair and the uh
And you told me he was running around naked in that movie he's not running around no naked
He has had just a loincloth. What do you call those caveman outfits they have
Woodcloth first skin. Well yeah a bunch of stuff
Anyway he still looks real pretty you know he's a pretty guy but
I couldn't watch 10 minutes of that movie
And I didn't and then the movie I wanted to watch like I said thanks to the listed that sent the movie
And with the digital break up in it so you can't see the like after the first 30 minutes
The whole thing is all digitally a screwed up. You can't hear the audio
You can't watch the video other than that it's great. What is it called before the devil
Uh knows you're dead right. Well what a memory
One of my very favorite people is him I can't think of his name but he's uh in it
Don't say it Ethan Hawke
Right
And his brother chicken hawk and who else is in that?
Philopsy more hopper
Philopsy more hopper who's having who's banging at the chicken and the chicken and her
And her breasts
And her rod of her like right
The the breast of the movie could rot from that point
Fortress. Don't like it
But I know it's going to be a good movie and it's about the uh
I don't want to tell you what it's about. It's one of those uh chain reaction chain of events kind of things
Mm-hmm
And I was really getting into it and all of a sudden starts breaking up
And I was hoping while I made it there with you. That's just a temporary uh problem on the disc
And it was not
Now who brought that into us?
A listener lives specifically sends out in copies for uh the both of us. Well what a shame
That lives uh sent us bad copies and lives there will be blood. You're someone big at name. The best talent
You're the single largest sportly boy. The five sixty qa m. The fourth leader
This is the Neil Roger show
What's the point?
That's the seatbelt.
That's the seatbelt.
And the question
The secret play
Wiggle and the win come
Rev'n J
You don't give me something to eat
Apparently just you like to play
He's a bigger how the rich you'd be
I want to eat
I got meat now all the paper say
He's gone public now
Jesse's got a love child
Yeah
You put the baby in me Jesse
Well the voice papers in me
I'm down
And you play you play
Like spicy
Not my own
He's in trouble
It would seem
Oh yeah
What's up with that?
The big part of the contest team
Yeah
Nobody in the contest was not MLK3
Damn I'm hungry Jesse
Hey, you're around
The obelophess with his hushie girl
I need for two now
Expenses you and brand new cherry girls
Baby you need a little bit
In the demo he gave her a world
She'll be touching me without feeling it
Makes you want to hurt
But
Jesse's got a love child
Yeah
Got the baby some shoes
Well the voice papers in me
I'm down
And you're walking around in a raggy
You like spicy
Not my own child
Yeah I want to need some more money
He's in trouble
It would seem
Yeah
Give me some of that rubber money
The big part of the contest team
Yeah
Give me just a thumb
He didn't with his balance beat
Yeah
Well I can talk to him
This was not MLK3
I'm hungry baby
Give me some of that rubber money
I love that line, that's a great line
Yeah
Wouldn't you like to have some of that rubber money?
Oh yeah
1103 at 560 WQA I'm happy Thursday to you
Speaking of Jesse the reason I played that
He's back in the news again
The Reverend Jesse Jackson used the N word
During a break in the TV interview where he could
Isize presidential candidate Barack Obama
Fox News confirmed yesterday
Fox fake news
A long time civil rights leader already came under friday this month
For crude offer comments he made against Obama
And what he thought was a private conversation
During a taping of a fox and friends news show
An additional comment from that same conversation first reported by TV newser
Jackson's report to have said Obama was talking down to buy people
And referred to blacks with the N word when he said Obama was telling him how to behave
Though a Fox spokesman confirmed the EP that Jackson news the slur
The network to try to release the full transcript of the July 6 show
And didn't air the comments
Jackson is not traveling in Spain
A apologizing statement last Wednesday for hurtful words didn't offer specifics
I'm sadly deeply saddened and distressed by the pen and
Sarah I've caused as a result of my hurtful words
I apologize again to Senator Barack Obama Michelle Obama their children
As well as the American people's actions Senator written statement
There really is no justification for my comments
Hope Obama family in the American public will forgive me
No we will not
I also pray that we as a nation can move on to address the real issues
That affect the American people and then we'll cut Obama's nuts off
That N
You know that N?
I know it
A spokeswoman for Jackson civil rights organization Rainbow Push Coalition
Said he couldn't confirm that Jackson used the slur
Well of course if anybody else would have said like I miss would have used the N word
That would not only fire his ass again they would have hung him
He'd have gotten hung
They would have done a Jesus on him I'm telling you that they would have crucified his ass right outside the ABC studios
Am I right? Yes
Yep
Absolutely
What a shame that poor Moe was struggling for you know get into the business sports
What is that sporting news radio?
I don't know
That is what we had on, huh?
That's the name of the thing but yeah
Trying just to scratch his way back in
Well, Jolly Joe
He gave you the directions to the H.O.
He gave you the H.O. Jolly Joe that's right
Moe
Jolly Joe gave Mo the H.O.
What do you know?
Because he really did
Blow-go
A majority of Dave County voters think financing a fallpark for the Marlins
With tourist taxes today bad investment for county taxpayers
According to a poll by Bendickson Associates released today
The poll of 800 registered voters shows 57% think the ballpark is a bad investment
37% think the good investment
A majority of voters also think they propose me to Zee in Park
And Port Tom along existing Performing Arts Center are bad investments of public money
In fact the polls show the only project they overwhelmingly
65% think as if investment is building and renovating public schools compared to 29% who call it a bad investment
How do you like that?
Building public schools as opposed to a ballpark for you people who got some damn nerve
David Samsung is going to put the he's going to put the wami on you if you don't want it
Going to put an evil curse on your ass just like Edmund with William H. Macy
I mean I like William H. Macy a lot but it just it just seems to me that between him and Philpsey more often
What do they make like about 80 movies a year?
They did
2 300?
Yes
I mean God Almighty
And Philpsey more often always always seems to play the same kind of neurotic character you know I mean?
Yeah
Oh and Boogie Knight's I think that was a different
Yeah I had a character like Verrenel's was different
A little bit gay but nevertheless
WQAM hello
QAM hola
WQAM hola
WQAM hola
Neil
Yes
Yeah I can say that movie Noil or from the movie Blood I'm sorry the movie Blood The Ending is stupid and that shows how bad Hollywood's getting
I'm finished
Hello
That's what he said I'm finished
Re-ah
Oh that's our message by the way the bread far have already
We're tired
Jesus God
Aren't you getting a little bit sick of that Chris?
Most definitely
I bet you there's anybody in the world who isn't tired of that crap
I'm sure the people in Green Bay would love them to come back
How many times have we tired already?
About 30 men
Give me a break already
Get out of our face already and it's quite whining
How many millions and zillions of dollars has he made all he is
The owner stops
If we're joking too happy about it
No
627 votes on your four-hour goal is 800
I just made that up
Sorry if you're reasonable isn't it?
Yeah I think so
I think we might do it
It's a great pull from Charlie B
With some fabulous choices on there
If I had like three four hours I'd read it again
But we only got like well we do have almost three hours left
Can that be possible?
Yeah
Four hours is too long for this crap
Four hours is just an eternity
You don't think so?
I do I agree
Three hours show being that would be a nifty
Give Jerks an extra hour
Remember that time he volunteered to fill in
Because I was right when he was on Jerry Dooney
I thought I was mighty white of the way
He's all black
Who's off next week?
Who's going to be doing a show?
That would be D.A
Yeah but he's got...
Well why you come up with stupid crap like that?
He was doing Jerry Dooney
And so I volunteered like an idiot to do that extra hour
And we said and Jerks stuck his nose in the situation
And volunteered to come in early
And Clarence said no no no
Rhymes with his show blow
And he's got to go
W.A.M. Hello
Hi Drone
Q.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello
Hey it's Gun Uncle Neil
Yes sir
What's a great movie last night before the devil knows you dead?
Have you seen it?
Have you been listening to the show?
No sir
I like trees
No
New one
Christ this week
New one
Maybe you can find yourself a good one
Make like a little tree house up in there
Call us when you get back down
Or not
If I hadn't heard from the quarter-schlock guy yet since I came back
I think I'm going to start playing the penny schlots
I'm just getting buried this week or would by
I'm out of practice see
Was on that real hot roll
One thing about Casino's man
Even if you have a hot streak like I did there for a couple of months
They get it back
It's almost like they're monitoring
You know what I mean?
I get it
Now what what does this mean
Destination and it's got a phone number
We pry
This doesn't make any sense to me
Landline
Send Rogers
Landline messages in English
Destination
Numano Fiksay
Respond of Vec F. Poor Procedede and François
Yeah, it sounds froggy
What does that mean?
I don't speak frog
I got a couple of those the other day
You know I get more name of spam and I'm sure everybody else does too
Especially with those of Vagran Sialos crap
Satisfy your woman in bed than be oh yeah right
Be a real man again
In my case again what do you mean again?
How can you be something you never were in the first place?
I'm not a real guy
You know I mean I've got like the right parts
Yeah
I got the gonads you know
Little weeny
But I don't think that makes you a real man
Real man has to be like Daniel Deilouis you know
Has to talk like this and he has to be really stintory
Like you know Kimba Bro camper
Although not that it'll illiterate
630 votes on the poor Chris is really all whipped up now
I pulled a fast one and there I stole Charlie B's pull
I bet your George was hoping
Yeah he was
He was
Why don't you do the one for tomorrow about the Amarlem Stadium
Should public funds be used to finance new stadium for the role as you know
What's wrong with that?
Rua, sounds boring
Because we know the answer
We know what everybody's gonna vote sorry I got hiccups now for some reason
Good that's got again punishing your ass
Right you got the hiccups
Yesterday was at the dentist he took out two old fillings
And he replaced me with new stuff
They don't use that what do you call that stuff that you used to use
For fillings silver yeah they were used in anymore they got like white plate
Yeah it's like a plaster
Right something
And then when he drilled out the a-two
And now I forgot my whole point it was something extremely important
Not it wasn't it wasn't no
It was about going to the dentist
It was almost as painful as these calls but not quite
That would be QIM
My sugar shot
All gee we gotta do a break
We're in trouble
Gasoline is luxury and you deserve only the very very best
At Cartier Petroleum we start with only the finest oil
Drilled with natural diamond drill tips
And extracted by manually pumping whale saliva into deep core wells beneath pristine spring fed lakes
Every gallon of this light sweet crude is then hand refined by Tibetan sherfers and taste tested
This nearly pure 99.5 octane liquid automotive embrosia is then filtered through a bit of naturally grown French truffles
And infused with saffron then it is mixed with chateurin mischau or brion 1989
Age for seven years in redwood casks and fed to rare red uakari monkeys from the Amazon
Whose digestive systems have been genetically engineered to remove all remaining impurities
Solid gold bentley tankers then deliver it to your local refueling salon
Why does Cartier Petroleum refine the most expensive fuel in the world?
Because you are refined
Well here's a really interesting a facts
Says New God and George first thank you both for the years of entertainment
Yesterday George was talking about eating different things in the hard times ahead of us
One of the little talked about reasons that some cultures do not eat pork
Is the fact that human flesh tastes almost the same
Cannibalistic societies they referred to humans as long pig
Pig skin is so close to ours it was used as a skin graft until new substances became available
And pig hard valves are transplanted into people both might still be used it says
People talk about cat being served in certain restaurants
Not or something else to think about bone epithetics says how about dog in China
Smelly chimon what about it?
In fact would by yesterday sitting around some smelly chimon oh my god
How can anything alive even dead smell like that
I still haven't figured out is it is it dietary is it because they eat all that crap?
What's that the smell when it's some people smell like the India people with that curry you know kid
Are you into your bloodstream you get into your skin you get all the engines up there
We do oh my god we have so many and you know something about Indian people they've got beautiful eyes
Not all of them but a lot of them
Yes the big the eyes are me yes
I'm not very circumspect though
I wouldn't know
Well I've been doing a study
Well I don't think I've ever encountered a circumsized guy from India
Maybe there's no such thing well you would know but you're the expert all those stupid religions
Yeah the Hindus and the Muslims are all the Muslims are circumsized that's what makes them so too
Only two nations where it is more common than not
United States and Israel
What about Canada 85% of the men in the world are not
What about Canada that includes Canada
Are you telling me that the majority of Canadians are not circumsized exactly what I'm saying
Are you positive about that?
Yes are you sure?
Yes I'm going to google it during a nice break
It's a religious bubble my seas thing
Oh there he goes again with his foreskin crap
What?
Hey take it or leave it I don't care I wouldn't care either either way
Why not? Because I ain't into it
Oh boy
I've never had any complaints
WQA M Hello
Naftichana
WQA M Hello
I'm doing a bliss with my teeth
No believe it
Well that fits right in there how do you like that
I think I want to start a new business I'm going to be well siphon I've died didn't he?
Yes I can be siphon the tooth
5 6 7 0 5 I got a whole bunch of stories here
Obama raised 52 million dollars in June
A jump from last month and more than double the 22 million that John McCain raised
Old Daughtering McCain insane
In an email to supporters campaign manager David Ploof
Said the Obama campaign raised the funds with an average donation of 68 bucks
The Obama campaign the DNC of a combined total of 72 million bucks in the bank
Ploof said but more impressive than the numbers how you did it he wrote hundreds of
Thousands of ordinary people contributed to building our campaign for change the average donation to
68 bucks
McCain's 22 million dollar figure in June represented his
Best month of fundraising in his campaign his voice confidence he can complete
Financially with Obama
Your mama
You can't though
I can't wait for those debates when McCain starts falling down a lot
Everybody Q way in hello and see this right Q way in hello
Hey, you know, yes sir. Why you nobody else everything okay? Yeah listen don't let George
Did you hear his game yeah okay you're welcome don't try to kid me George
You are gay right he wishes so they say a lot of people wish you ferry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon and singing awareness line of a
Dirt of a calls in a Dirt of material today first and the first hour I thought we really had something going there
For a little bit we have some people not to say anything cogent to say but you know
Some different crap. Oh here's the Tony snow farewell the funeral services this morning a just a shadow of what went on with the Tim Russert
Tony snow
Let's not be disrespectful now okay and the Keith Oberman went on last night about how you know
Their opinions are so different to their political positions
But he's a good guy and the idealist overman by the way is really sensational
The more I watch him the more I just can't believe that they even let him on the year on MSNBC
He just says everything that's he's the he's the truth
I mean most said I was the truth, but I ain't nothing compared to Keith Oberman. He tells it like a be-man
Rift Fox News the ass they so richly deserve and then of course they bring on Dan Abrams who's a legend in his own mind
He's in charge of programming so of course he put himself on here like when the one bush made chained the uh
The you know he put him in charge of finding the vice president
Any picked himself remember that? Mm-hmm first he picked his nose then he picked his back. Oh, he picked himself
All these oil people man. I can't imagine why we're paying like 80 bucks a gallon
Because all the oil people around the world the world is a business mr. B.O.
People are to be forced they ought to take two picks and prop their eyes open and forced them to watch that over and over again
That's seeing what are we hearing? Do you have a TV on or something? No
Hmm, I don't hear anything do you hear anything Chris? Yeah, it's like a really low
Something low-what audio audio. Yeah, I
Can put my TV on there are because hospitals don't have to but it's not on
Must be must be bleeding through from the other studio maybe what do you think huh? I'm looking at what it is
I'll go check
Go in here and bat somebody over there with a baseball bat in honor of the marlins
WDQ AM hello
Q.A.M. Hello
We don't wish you were gay that's why we're Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yep
The rumors of the duo keep coming in
567 05 60 well, this is really sad. What have you done to these people? What did you do to them yesterday?
I mean those are yours. What do you talk about it? It was okay
And the beginning today I thought we actually had a little a little mole
momentum
And now it's just faded it because everybody's out of town
Am I right? Yes
white
white
Not that quite white
Dwight he's gone too Dwight waterdale right?
Ah yeah, yeah he is going. Oh, he's going. He's gone. Oh and speaking of that half hour
We got our Neil deal coming up
We got to spot the wrong up break there, but that's okay because it's the Q.A.M. way
Everything is all screwed up at least we're consistent. Not just one or two things that is screwed up. It's everything
And boy, we sure got a lot of trade spots on here wow
Leder Howard David's a bitch
He's slugger how much Rodriguez's wife has filed for divorce claiming Rodriguez was spending too much time with Madana
But Rodriguez has known it's all just a business understanding see Yankee's 80 recently was old-timers night
I guess a rod got confused and had sex with Madana
I like to cheat I am a run run
In the news I get this super del
See for this I think
But look out my teacher mom I am a dumb dumb dumb dumb
I am a dumb dumb dumb dumb
I am a run run
I am a run run
Hey bad news Yankee man get your hair today. How is Rodriguez was thrown out at home. Yeah
I'm a shocking my pussy I'm a run run
We to the streets I like to lay down bitch I am a run run
Oh
In the
My wife
Oh please don't take my loot
According to all the New York papers I write a lot of late nights
Making a lot of visitors on their lives
Although you know a rod those numbers should drop off by
Oh, I'm tired of that Jay Leno man. He's a real up panic. You mean not oh god
And he has writers that write that stuff that's yeah, that's the thing that's the most frightening to me
You could be if you had those same writers. Mm-hmm. I'm as as funny as he is. I don't have the chin to go with it
Well, I google it and you're right
What circumcision is going on a style?
The rate of male infant circumcision in Canada has dropped significantly from roughly 48% in 1970 to 13.9% in 2003 with provincial rates varying widely
But it's still a touchy subject. I guess it's like a little plan words here right by the way
Calm yes since we used to argue back and forth about this a lot
I just want to make you know my official position currently is I don't give a rat's ass. Yeah, okay
So anyway continue and I don't care right
But it's still a touchy subject. It says leaving physicians called the cross-fair of a debate charge with medical psychological and cultural implications and all the while a new trend is emerging in his place
More and more men are seeking to restore what someone else to decide should be cut away
For these males for skin restoration is the order that I never heard a such a thing
Having you they had a whole show about it. You can get it back
Uh, yeah, but
Keep reading. I'm sure it explains it. It ain't easy
As far back as 1975 the Canadian PD and for society
Is today position statement advising there's no valid medical indication for neonatal circumcision in 1996 to cps decry the procedure should not be routinely performed
That's probably because most of them are Graham
Doctors are under no obligation to circumcise the child of the request appearance explains dr. Walker
He says the rights of those who will do it are dwindling
Still doctors remain free to do as they see fit
In fact the only two provinces where the College of Physicians and Surgeons is formally advised doctors not to perform the operation
Says catch one in British Columbia rates remain well about the national average at 16.7% and an estimated 20% respectively
These guidelines aren't the only impetus for circumcisions fall from grace by
2004 every provincial health insurance board except Manitobas had the list of the procedure
So parents want a snip. They've got a foot to bill themselves
We don't see a big change initially said dr. Walker, but it's happening gradually
That's encouraging news for human rights groups have argued for years that the circumcision is tantamount to female genital mutilation
Which is outlawed by the criminal code of Canada
Still there are those who maintain circumcision prevents disease
Evidence that circumcision reduces the risk of peanut cancer HIV and urinary tract infections can indeed be found in the medical literature
But dr. Walker says that evidence has to be put in context
Cancer of the penis has an incidence of one in 700,000 males over 70 and it isn't lethal he says
Doesn't sound pleasant to me though
All right, no
And while studies have shown a relative risk of HIV infections lower in circumcised males
Dr. Walker says the evidence is questionable argues that whether circumcised or not the only way to avoid HIV is never to have unsafe sex
As for UTI's urinary tract infections the rate of infection circumcised infants is lower if still less than 1% those who aren't
The reality is that circumcisions are primarily performed for cultural or religious reasons
The Brit Mila the covenant of circumcision was God's first command Abraham and the defining mark of his chosen people
And the ritual remains why they practice in both the Jewish and Muslim faiths
But regardless of personal religious beliefs or medical fact the choice of whether or not to circumcise an infant is legally the parents choice to make
That's a problem for a growing number of men who resent not having had to say
Others complain that the pre-puse or foreskin is a sensory organ that enhances sexual pleasure
Still others want to begin their natural status for physical and emotional homeless or aesthetics
These men are taking matters into their own hands
Oh my god, and we're stirring their foreskin either surgically or by gradually stretching elect over skin
Looks never quite the same. Or is that movie where the kid um
Europa Europa that's it very good
You tried to stretch some foreskin to make it seem like he wasn't Jewish
Right
Once you cut off mirrors and blood supply you can't get it back against his Adam Greenberg
Oi
Coordinator the Toronto chapter of the National Organization of Restoring Men Norm
As in Norma you ferry we try to restore these emotional and physical scars you said
Fouted in 1989 in San Francisco Norma is a non-profit support group for men to share advice about non-surgical restoration techniques
The gay community was targeted for this outreach since the founders felt they
tend to be more open about matters concerning sexuality and it probably more focused on the penis anywhere with thing
And though homosexuals still represent the majority of normous membership
How do our sexuals are catching on you can work with what you haven't expanded to mr. Greenberg
We've been working on his own restoration for 32 months
You just have to be patient
Non-surgical restorations based on the principle of tissue expansion
Maintaining constant outward tension on the shaft of the penis to induce the skin to grow
tape and weights elastic straps or manual stretching could all be used and impressive selection of devices are even available online
When in doubt stretch it out
Dr. Robert Stubbs is a Toronto plastic surgeon Dr. Robert what
What Dr. Robert what stubs okay
Is a Toronto plastic surgeon is performed both adult circumcision and restorations
Surgical restoration is highly risky because penis is our attacks a minute and they never comply he says
I usually try to talk them out of it
But it'll perform the five hour ten thousand dollar plus multi-stage operation if there's enough donor tissue
Which is taking from the scrotum and it feels the patients on board
Ultimately the circumcision decision is the most personal choice a man can't make
But bringing the trend toward restoration out of the shadows may eventually give them a voice they've never had
Wow how emotionally huh
653 votes on the probe we got a shot at 800 but I doubt it
No, that's right. We got two and a half hours to go is that possible we have two and a half hours and look at that phone
Man's very quiet nobody Q a.m. Hello the poor skin talk
Yeah, hey Neil I can show a little light on all this stuff
I wasn't circumcised when I was born and I got a circumcision when I was 21. Oh god
For this girl this bitch who's no longer with me
And I have a lost any sensation anything and find it to be a lot cleaner
There you go
So it was painful
But you know, I don't know if it's worth doing at 21
Okay, I'm gonna throw a lot of ambassol on it. Okay, one of that's pretty bad. Yeah, I bet
Ambassol is supposed to be in your mouth is it?
Mm-hmm
So I have a great line for that but I better ask because Johnny Joyce to get all of said. It's a new applicator right
The applicator tube
22 still noon at 560 W. Show them when we get to the top of there. We're gonna be doing our Neil deal
It is Thursday. Yep, and today we got another chance to buy gifts certificates at a price for our great restaurants your pango restaurant in Parkland
Now's the food area or what no, but uh suit I understand now can we talk about it when the food gets there?
I hope so because you guys are gonna be paying you're gonna be eating for free. Mm-hmm
Don't let you find out about it. Huckle apishment. This is a sales thing. So it's cool. Oh, that's right
Ah
They're making hate at the sunshine
And then they'll be on their way
The daily gouging oil crisis
I'm out to nothing before then rain
With the bush rain almost over
They're grabbing all that bacon. They're making hate at the sunshine
Until they're very lasty
They're making hate at the sunshine
And then they'll be on their way
With rampant speculation
They rape us and run sky
And without no regulation
Just take it up the tube and smile
They're making hate at the sunshine
Cheer up
The party's life everyday
They're making hate at the sunshine
And then they'll be on their way
Bush and shady will be moving
To their new homes into fire
And we're all gonna need a transfusion
Once they're all done creating a stride
They're making hate at the sunshine
And then they'll be on their way
Thank you again Mr. President
If you're looking at prices and destroying the world economy and all these dead people
Thank you so much. You bastard you. It's 1146-14 Deloon
I interrupted myself early when the show I was talking about Jolly Joe
I'm going to be in the next episode
And it was dawning on me that maybe he doesn't like the Jews too much
It's possible any K the Humper yours truly
Yeah
You see a letter in here?
A letter in here?
A letter in S. What?
Josh
Darrow
What about him?
His Jewish
Yeah, but he's got he's got the pictures
Okay, because I was going to say if Joe Bell was doing a Holocaust he ain't doing a very good job
What do you think?
I don't buy into your theory
Moe Howard David, that was the first money blew out
Yeah, I think it's just come up to you
All the in-laws baby out when it's out throw them out
I'm gonna talk to what's his name with the A D L
Oh yeah, Artita bomb, Artita boom
The Medicuyam, hello
Come out of the closet, George
Yeah, come out of the closet, George
George
Well, what is that all about?
What are all these 8 million guys out there?
Are we worried?
Is that it?
Yeah
It's boring as hell
Yeah, it's old but all my life
The Medicuyam, hello
Hello
Hello
Is it Neil?
Yes, sir
Neil
Hey, I just kind of remind you man
I think you're going astray here, I want to remind you that God said to Abraham that any children in your house
8 days old
Artita be circumcised along with who cares?
Yeah, it's along with any
Double My Seas baby, double My Seas
Also any slaves born into your house or bought with your money from any corner
That is not your money
Why have Godwine door slavery, wasn't it?
But he says you're slave born in your house or worn
Bought with your money
Double My Seas, let me say it again, hubbim and drear, double My Seas
Circumcise and baby
Yeah, sounds to me like you have a, an excessive interest
Where that phone man, dead as a door nail
I don't know where that expression came from, that's another one
All he's silly asked his prayers
I just have a book
I'm sure they, they still have it or a new version of it
The dictionary of phrase and fable
Where it explained all those figures of speeches
Can you name fable?
Yeah
Fable
Like that call, feeble
Ah, and the Lord said to Abraham
I got news for Abraham Solomon was my grandpa, he still dead
Abraham, I've heard of Solomon
Just, it's just amazing how ignorant so many people are
You know all these, all this crap that was written by
Ignoramus's thousands of years ago
Oh, well the good book says this and put it in the Lord's hole
Yeah, yeah, yeah, big deal
Think too
And that and four bucks will buy half a bowl of lots of balls soup, okay
Why sure, where should we head pump our next pack
Don't you don't start
Don't start what
Oh, that's right, but they're not open
Yeah, can we talk about restaurants that are closed down
Can we go and have a look about them bringing you guys free food
Yeah, as jolly joe, okay
Hey, say in joe you bastard you
That fat fag neo wants to know if we can talk about restaurants that are closed
And no longer doing business since they can't bring in any free food
Like corkies they used to bring in those rate potato pancakes and a brisket
A task of the tiskit, I love their brisket
Remember that?
It's good crap
WQA and hello
I thought Jesus up
QA and hello
WQA and hello
I'll be anything you want me to be
WQA and hello
Yes, George, the impact of objectification of women and the impact on his daughter
Haha
Which was wow
How are you, Fern?
Was that Alan Alda?
It was another idiot
It was an embassist
Another syphilthan
It was another lifeless course
Listless moron
Who had and the best part of it is and I'm delighted to see this happening now because he used to be
They're all obsessed with me
Now I'm the old news man, I mean I'm ancient news
Now they're obsessed with you
Yeah, I thought you were obsessed with this
WQA and hello
Hello, I'm perfect
WQA and hello
Oh my god, Neil
What if you just ignore everything that George says
Do mention all the restaurants you want
Edo
What are you going to do?
Fire you?
Yes
This is just an instant replay of the earlier call
Do you have any of your own material?
Seven new quiz links
Uh-huh
WQA and hello
Daniel
Yes, sir
Gipjab videos, good one
See you
Oh
What?
That's what I admire after
Yes, again
What do you mean?
Gipjab video, they must have a deal with the devil every time Gipjab makes a video
It's got to be on every news channel as if
I don't even know what the hell that is
Gipjab, you're better off
We all y'all y'all
And internet comedy site
But they do a political humor
No, we're near the caliber that like put you know Bokobrayan does
But all the news outlets have to show you the Gipjab video
I've never seen it
You're better off
Never seen it about as unfunny as anything can be and always has good stuff
Gipjab, new videos out from Gipjab
Everybody makes a big deal out of it
This is unfunny as the last car
It's about that
WQA and hello
That was my question
WQA and hello
QA and
WQA and hello
Hey, what's up, Neil
Yes, sir
Hey, question, I wondered if you've been your extensive travels have you been to Quebec City?
No, no way. Too many vlogs
Okay, I just wondered I know there's been some big anniversary 400-year thing I read about in the travel page of a demo
I just wondered uh you definitely seem to have been everywhere
No, I have not
I'm in the Vancouver though. I love the denser place you should go
I've been in Vancouver. I love it there too
Okay, I just wanted to get to me for that and I think it's a known camp for Mayor Fort Lauderdale
Thanks, but okay great
Norma can't you ferry wow
669 folks. I don't think you're gonna make your 800. We're slowing out of a crawl now
We got everybody's pack under suitcases. They get in hell out
They're getting new where they got more power to you man have a great time wherever you're going everybody and just
Stayed in hell out of that place. It's evil
WQ way in hello
Oh, come on me. Q way in. Hello
Hello, I know yes, whatever happened this day you should breathe out. I have no idea
He's coming back
Hmm
Was that a threat WQ way in hell
What is it
You're quick today. Oh, yeah
WQ way in. Hello
Yes, yes
What are you talking about if a new guy is gonna call a slap off all over this okay go slap your ass
In the end slap off. What's big on the dice? I got a great story
Now that would be a good pull for you to take even though you don't like diet talk
Right study tips the skills to low carb dieting
Antkins baby what have I been telling you for a hundred years and of course being the
Negatory hard-ass that you are what I do pseudo-acquence
It says the atkins diet may approve itself after all a low carb diet and a Mediterranean style regimen
Help people lose more weight than a traditional low fat diet in one of the longest and largest studies to compare the dueling weight loss techniques
Bigger surprise a low carb diet improved cholesterol more than the other two some credits have predicted the opposite
It's a vindication said Abby block of the Dr. Robert C. and Veronica andkins foundation a philanthropy group
The dogs the atkins diets creator and was the studies main funder
However all three approaches the low carb diet a low fat diet a so-called Mediterranean diet achieved weight loss and improved cholesterol
The studies remarkable not only because it lasted two years much longer than most but also because a huge proportion of people who stuck with the diets 85%
researchers approach the atkins foundation with the idea for the study but the foundation played no role in the studies
Design or reporting the results of the lead author Iris shy of vendorian university in the negative in the desert
Other experts said the study being published today in the New England urinal of medicine was highly credible
This is a very good group of researchers said Kelly Brown out director of Yale's Rudd Center for fruit policy and obesity
How to crack out the rest of that um
Ice cream I got that old Henry. Oh, yeah, I have my sick. I don't have much left. They eat it on the air
Wait till two I ran a wini earlier wait till 130
Why before you make yourself sick? The research was done and I can know if I make myself sick then you can finish the show
The research was done in the controlled environment isolated nuclear research facility in Israel
These three of the 22 participants got their main meal the day lunch at a central cafeteria
I'm sure hope wasn't trife
The workers can easily just go like the lunch in nearby subway McDonald's
Oh, they got got subway and Amsterdam now. Oh my god. And you know what? It's an improvement over most
God the food there sucks
Dr. and and don't eat it. What's the name of that place? The mark is oh my god is that place below
I'm always recommended to mark these on the dam rack. It sucks
In the cafeteria the appropriate foods for each dog were identified with colored dots
Using red for low fat green for Mediterranean and blue for low carb
As for breakfast and dinner the dinners were counseled on how to stick to their eating plans
I rise to fill out questionnaires on what the eight stamp percent the low fat diet number than 30% of calories from fat
We strictly calories and cholesterol focus on low fat greens vegetables and fruits as options
The Mediterranean diet had similar calorie fat and cholesterol restrictions emphasizing poultry fish olive oil and nuts is the food there yet?
I think it's uh, yes as we speak
All right, see that's my psychic powers again and in four minutes we'll have the uh the Neil deal on wqm.com. It'll be on it
So
This is ready quit whatever I shade my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Food there's no god. You know what is Joe Bell if they were a god it would be no Joe Bell am I right? Yes
We got 79 certificates left for japango
Yeah
Yeah earth to judge what I'm over here getting food. Oh, okay. The food is there. What do you got?
Uh everything lots of uh, there's sushi there's shrimp. There's uh egg rolls. There's about popcorn shrimp
Wow, I'll find the shrimp. Hmm. So she needs things like that
And when you eat in crisp? Uh, ho on shrimp and uh egg rolls
Egg rolls with all those carbs in them. Uh-huh. You must be a great
I'm gonna go out and get me my ice cream
Eat it on the air is an active defiance
Although I paid for it at the a little little market
Run by the nice Chinese lady and her Chinese mom husband
No speaking English no speaking English. She's very nice though. She loves me. I'm a I'm her number one customer
They don't care you notice
They're eating and they're just totally oblivious to anything I'm saying that's that's okay
Which is used to it. I'm used to being ignored. Sorry
The mark you end up calm. That's what?
That's where you'll find 74 left now
73 there they're going slowly but surely they'd be going a lot faster
But on this particular uh deal you can only purchase one deal for a person this time as opposed to the usual five
Which is the way this was set up and uh don't ask 72 we got left out of 100
Really great food when uh I'm not gonna ask you how it is because we already been through this before
I'm just gonna talk with them out for a while. Yeah good. They would add some flavor to it. Mm-hmm
That's all you want. You want to make it sound like you're really like uh and talk about the peppercorn charge too
It's like a $1.5 cheap like mr. Regal's he's still alive by the way. I don't know
That many two way and hello
5 6 7 0 5 60
Not a call on that board man that is a door nail. That's because you're eating on a year
And pound five sixty under Verizon singular wireless line
You don't think that would be an interesting pull to take which diet have you lost the most weight on?
Low carb you can do that word. Oh
71 left
W2 way and hello
You
Am I need a blind I need a I need a I need a
When are they gonna come in a butterfly nut and take that thing away?
Why are they taking it away when is somebody gonna put that thing in the institution where it belongs as opposed to letting it run around on a loose and spending four hours
Day after day after day terrorizing the show. What is that gonna happen?
never
You
By the way, this study I was just talking about it's not the first to offer a favorable
Comprehensive back-ends like diet research published in journal of American medical association last year found overweight women on the
Addkins plan had slightly better blood pressure and cholesterol readings than those on low carb zone diet
The low fat orange diet and low fat diet that followed US government guidelines
Addkins works man. You just I just can't do it
I'd be down to a spell four pounds if I could just stick to it, but I can't do it
Can you do it or you don't need to do it right but I do you do a little bit I told you I do suit away
Five they're going like hotcakes now, and they should it's a great place
Somebody q a.m. Hello
Yeah, isn't a trade spot pretty much the same thing is what was in that memo that you guys got about not
Need would get food with the mishapay for it. Yeah, I think so yeah
So so they should really not be able to do that many more I mean the sales guy gets his car fix
So that means he can get the guys name on the radio for nothing
But you can't get your so a little bit of nourishment. We bit the nourishment. That is correct. Well, they stink
Thank you. All right. They suck is what he said management sucks at WQM. They're much alone at things
Just making crap up stuff that nobody ever heard of before
Nobody ever heard of this before and if they got a problem with Joe Rose
Go and never talk to Joe about it. Okay. He'll give a crap. He's going on vacation
He'll tend to blow it out your ass, right?
Now that's right. That's what he'll do. We'll time to stick away the moon don't shine. That's what you should have done
You're sitting there with Joe where you go. All you care about is you man. We negotiate and you're what you talking about
You're so funny. I don't know
Sounded good to me. Yeah
Are you taking care of Chris? What's poor Chris? What are you talking about? Take that 400 pounds on his ass
You know what I said he gets the restaurant certificates
You know, I could see I could cross the line now and then you would have
You would have lured me into it, but I'm not going to do it. All right
Because I said I wasn't going to repeat the grotesque things you were saying this morning and you were really upset about it too
Yeah, I still ain't don't know. But we're already set some things to some people and good
What do they think you are like a Nelson rock and feather or something like that?
Re-approach this all the way up
They think you are the bush. They think you're a press god bush or something like that. We're gonna reward this is fun
Some poor slipper that's trying to feed his family. Oh you can't
What's up? Don't you?
What huh? Say what? Stop
You're the one that encourages it. No, I do not you attack me. Yeah, oh you can't keep his mouth shut about anything. Well, that's true
Wtq. Way. M. Hello
Wtq. Way M. Hello
Neil yes
Don't you get tired of these phone calls including mine? Yes, I'll say
Absolutely Wtq. Way M. Hello
Hey, you know, if they cut the perch on anyone it should be people like those dail holes
But I've long had at least a count you've had for years
But if you ponytail or poppano park I'd go to other shelf shows on FMM and poppano park is
That's commercial like crazy. Yeah, not on issue anymore
Yeah, and it's because you're self-ful. You know, nice going deaf. You know, and that's for Joan is minions. I hate those guys
Later now
You feel like you're bought from the factory. I do like that singing man. Mm-hmm not
drives me insane
A 61 suit ever gets left out of the hundred they're very going in chunks. It's not bad. We'll move on long
You'll sing a song when we're going on
Wtq. Way M. Hello. What's your opinion of the Phil 100 show? I don't hear it neither does anybody else
Wtq. Way M. Hello
Q. Way M. Hello. Hey, Uncle male. Yes
Anyway, that maybe if they if you're not allowed a free food
Maybe they could just charge you guys like one dollar for all the food and that way you're technically paying for it. No
Oh, God management sucks Joe belt. You're a big piece of steamy choice. Okay
Well said a big fat oozing piece of choice is what you are jolly Joe a turd a turd on two legs
Everybody's heard about the turd
Yes, me how come I kept this a pole thing? Why see just just so I had the list of Icing
The list of all the choices on there. I mean you can't commit that to memory because each one is about 700 words and about Charlie V. You M. Embecile
He probably thinks I'm an in grade you know rip him a nass
Oh, I send you all those great polls you guys are always bitching about coming up with a pull
We still have 61 left on the certificates by the way
I'll I'll like your Chris handle that and you can I can have that
I'll go back to the pool 691. I'm trying to get you the 800 but I doubt it
Look at that Wtq. Way M. Hello
He got to stop taking calls there to get it stop taking calls
No, I can't do anything called
If we did that we couldn't just do that right if I stop taking calls you see I
Enjoy it. I'm having a good time
And you want to know why you want to
I
See well, what's about a time I did care and I screamed and I wailed my holler night career
I would joebell on the phone and I begged for some stuff to be done
Which yeah, anybody can do it, but and they don't they don't want to care either so if they don't care
Why should I right why should I bust it?
It's tough. We have a conscience, but what can you do?
No, you can't have a conscience and work for the beastly that that's just it's just a not it doesn't go hand in gland
Let me do QA M. Hello
Thank you. Yes
Hi, I'm a teenager and I wanted to let you know that my dad taught me my first words are always
All right, oh
Yeah
Hey, and I love it so thanks with art have a great day. Thank you. Tell bye
Why how do you like that see if you take 50,000 calls there might be like a human being on one of them
George wow, what causes yes, it's one in a row
Oh, I want to start talking about old toys. We got some old toys old toys that they don't make anymore dangerous old toys that
Don't get my ice cream. You're lucky. I have very little in there. Mm-hmm
What you're gonna die up there. No, I'm not my my someday
Now anytime soon. No, I think I sound okay today you do until you eat that ice cream
You're gonna get all thick tongue to slurry good. I like that
Oh
A lot of juzi fat in the deli thick tongue. Yeah, how can you eat that? Oh, I mean head she
It's a muscle at least there people who eat way stranger things in that because all meat is
You know
Muscle in your mouth
I'll meet down to 16 hour in a certificates man 59 we're making some real progress
I
I
Was showing off her little bundle of joy for the first time and Jolene Jolene's French doctor says for twins may take a few more weeks to arrive
Nicole richie is present
Everyone's
ong
You leave that
Where
We
We don't care what you're doing, you're lies are so bitter
So close to my country, but it's just because you're a russite
Can you make them go away? Can you give them an aim?
Can you give them a world of rage? And get the sex to make?
And you're so bitter
And you're so bitter
And you're so bitter
Brad Pitt was seen arriving at the hospital Wednesday
with all the couples' children
Who cares, get a life, get a life, get a life
It starts with Madonna and Peyraw
Who cares?
If you care, you've got a mental problem, for sure
50 on certificates left
And the ice cream's gone, once it's gone, there's more across the street
You notice you're right, I'm slurring my words now much
Not as bad as it would be
You're right, when I was up to about 500, 600
Oh Henry, Ryer is oh Henry
Chocolatey-covered peanuts and chunks in a caramel-sour-lice cream
So I did say not that good
What about all these ice cream candy flavors?
Most of them suck
You only get ones
You only get one second think of was the
Nestle's
What was it the one I like in the beginning?
Turtle
Okay
Turtle
And then the
Score
Ryer's Score
It's a hair-worn
Why?
It's a belch
Grapes
See that's another reason for you not to be eating on here
Because it makes you grapes, gives you bad indigestion
And you start something like Tom Jicca
Remember when he was on the year-old and was a guest?
He used to belch all the time
What's that all about?
I don't know
He used to belch poison by the way
I don't know
So does Hank
So do I
58 now, we sold another one, all right
Let's just count him down
There's Al Gore
The price is
Is the ten-the-rights-y
The whole solution to each crisis separately
I mean you can't complain about Al's personality
Because he doesn't have one, it's really a shame
I mean he's a good guy but
He's just a stodgy, you know what I mean?
WDQYM, hello
Ooh, Neil
Yeah
All right sorry, something really important
Do you think Brett Tari's coming back?
Don't care
Retire!
Retire!
WDQYM, hello
Take me to my room
QYM, hello
I feel
Yes sir
I feel like I'm ready to go down
I'm a personality confused and I'm a tradition
Yeah
And the gentleman I called you earlier
The gentleman I called us four hundred times today
Reverend Schmuck
That gentleman is that the one you're talking about?
Uh-huh
It should only croak a wicked death
In fact, that person is a lot of people in his audience
We're to love to have a party
Oh yeah, gun party
To put it
Prozac Ron and Duron
Too quick
And then of course the Reverend Schmuck and his boyfriend
The boy fire
Gaden and fire
And don't forget Jolly Jo
He's got that private detective
It's going to be working on the case
He's an idiot
If a needs to get done call Jolly Jo
And he can be damn sure it won't
Whatever it is fill in the blank
Expect a course through up the radio station
You did a great job of that
Nice going two and a half years later Jolly Jo
We started out with like something and I look what we got
We got a cesspool
WDQA and hello
Neil
Yeah, I saw a set of nubbers
What?
Sydney Sydney
How was his nubbers?
What are you talking about?
Sydney
Oh he's talking about all of the, it's a set of yid
You can't complain about his numbers because he doesn't have any
They're in the last trend that were so low
They had a minus in front of him
Sydney
Cox the hoist pal
WDQA and hello
Neil what's up
Yes sir
I should have been digging lately
It's public supreme chocolate with almond
I'm going
Now we're not doing an ice cream show, okay?
I'm an old daughtering diabetic
The last thing I need is more an ice cream talk
And this stuff was crap
Oh Henry, oh Henry my
I don't even like the candy bar
Do you like oh Henry?
I mean it's okay
I don't even remember it
What's with it?
Luget
Luget
It's just like knocks a little nub you get
Little nub get
And if you really want to warm you can nuke it
57 left, there was another one
We're selling these by the ones
I love the way Duff comes in the other, was it this morning?
I guess it was
It was a Tuesday morning
It must have been Tuesday morning
He wasn't anywhere near there this morning because you wanted to
Bitch him out
But he came in Tuesday morning
He went out and saw
Well you know it's only going to be one per person
And it's going to be slow but blah blah blah no get upset
I'm not upset I do the best I can
The food is great, it's a great restaurant
They're wonderful people and it was on before they sold out in a heartbeat
But now it's a little slow because of whatever
We do the best we can
Of course nobody does it like George
If George was young
Those things have been gone in the morning
Oh yeah, alright
Four seconds
Nobody to QA and hello
Hey little boy
Nobody to QA and hello
What do you think about Zagnot?
Not
Oh it's the whisperer
What?
You heard what I said
Shmuck
Another Shmuck
I don't think about Zagnot
In fact if you had my cut him off
We call him Jesse and he cuts your Zagnots right off
Puts
WQAM hello
Hey Neil
Yeah
There's more annoying Gilbert or Yopin
WQAM hello
My balls bitch
QAM hello
Pop that janko
Look what I got
Exactly I couldn't say the better myself
But Norma did fax me an interesting article about that bag
About the Republican
Remember I read it on Tuesday about the guy I got caught with the kid in his bed
Yes
Fifty seven certificates left for Japan
Go that must be a mistake but that's what it says here
What is your say Chris?
Fifty seven
Oh you still eating?
Mm-hmm
Pig
Thank you
I mean I had like maybe there were three tablespoons of ice cream left in that thing
Can I tell you how big the container was?
Okay
Medium
Half gallon
You're gonna die up there
Half a gallon
And there was only three tablespoons left
I bought it yesterday afternoon
After Chinese lunch with Paco
For those who are taking notes
You know we got people out there with no lives so they're trying to
They're trying to build one vicariously through hours
Oh that's the last time I'm going to buy more
That's nothing new
No
I have no life
WQAM hello
Meow
Meow
Yeah
Have you heard about the guy up in Orlando that bought the tree billboards
This says please don't vote Democratic here
Yes I have the story on to the
Oh I'm sorry
Well look at billboards showing 9-11 tragedy creates controversy
Please don't vote for Democrats orange County yes
Yeah like the notion that somehow the Democrats responsible for that
It's striking that somebody with that kind of money like that is you know
Life is an kind of mentality
Yesterday I turned over to 6th hand between 10-11 clock to the entertainment value
What entertainment value
Well exactly what the last time getting it was actually kind of sad and striking at the same time
It's amazing that there's anyone out there that would even consider voting for McCain
And you said it earlier you wrapped up much more eloquently than I could about how I should
I do
If you want more of the different same depression more of the same profession
Why wouldn't anyone consider not voting in their best interests
I don't get it
You're right it's scary of people we just keep getting dumb and dumb around there
And you know this is the most call this guy head yesterday
You know it's like you gotta be freaking cracking kid me
It's right me
What kind of was that?
He was sitting in for the Todd Snedd
You know Stephanie Miller got some replacement of friends you love or whatever they call themselves
I can't handle girls so I just flipped it over because I couldn't you know listen to 2 a.m.
Why not?
One of the sportables in the morning you know I mean you know
There's not much going on right now especially but so I flipped it over there
I don't know who the guy was but he was talking about the story up there
You know what the guy's about to treat billboards
Okay great
No were we came in?
Ahahahah
Wooo
Still stuck on 57 man
That's not good for japan go we got 57 ago we started with a hundred
We got almost half of them gone and once they're gone
You know the best talent you've ever got is sport with your 5.60 Q.A.M.
The sports leader
Yeah you know those snickers bars
They'd be better with just chocolate and caramel and nougat
I want to cut the nuts out
Hmm
Alright
Yeah
What?
No there's a lot of those kinds of things out now
I've been really cutting the nuts out
A little bits like that
Way in doubt
Cut it out
How we doing we got 56 to go on certificates for japan go
And we got 719 votes I think you might make your 800 I'm not too sure
There's John McCain looking like a dottering old fool
Somewhere around 700 billion dollars
He wants to be your president but he says he doesn't know a damn thing about economics
And he wants to stay in a rack for a hundred years and invade a ran but nevertheless
I think I said before anybody had to be a crazy person to vote for this group
Robin and Samarica
A lot of crazy people
In case you haven't noticed
I guess that this show we perform a pubic service don't we?
And notice I'm not slowing right after that three tables practice ice cream
That's work
My body is so used to it to being abused and just infused with all this crap
All these killer carbs
Killer carbs baby
Those are the people who ought to be in jail
The people that make ice cream and candy and anything with azuka
Seeing that cruise to back she broke before they could put her in jail
She was always in about the azuka craft craft wasn't she?
Sweet
WQ I am hello
Man this car
Man was still too play by play for TSN
WQ I am hello
Q I am and he sucks too by the way yes
Bud plug
Bud plug
Bud plug
Bud plug
Back home
I was good he couldn't even get up to the phone he couldn't even put his mouth on
Because he had a butt plug in
I was a head of a plug in his mouth
56670560.560 on the horizon and singular wireless line
Nobody QA in hello
Anything with something Neil?
Yes sir
Neil I don't know why but after I listen to the Georgia show
I always want to go and switch it to 610 right after
To see the comparison and stuff like that I don't know what it is
What is it?
I don't know his show makes you think more
His show is like
I just sit there and listen to my gay uncle Ren Ray wireless mirrors
Celia Cruz what's your problem with her?
I always wanted to switch it to 610 right after
That's my favorite one
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
I know
Here's my loans on the digit
56670560.560 on the end because Georgia we've heard this for years now
You appeal to the intellectual crowd
Yeah that's right
You know the ones I'm talking about we're talking about rock and roll
Rock and roll
Rock and roll
Rock and roll
W2A in hello
2A in hello
2A in
Hey Neil how you doing?
I want to talk about the whole diabetes thing and you know
Everybody talks about sugar but it's really the carbs
I'm a 12 I've been a diabetic at juvenile since I was 12
And now I'm up to the pump and I'm up to the glucose sensor
Trying to keep me in line but you know when I was a kid growing up I used to say
Hey I can eat all the crackers I want because I ain't no sugar in them
And the damaged I can eat the carbs man like I just said killer carbs
You've got it brother
Of
As
How are we doing we still got 57? 55
55 and we're still alive all right
I'm not going to get all agitated about it because he already told us the end of time
That they're going to be really slow and it's only one person and
Yadi yadi and like everything else we want to make sure you fail and like that
I don't care I'm doing the best I can it's like I said good place grateful
If you wanted fine you're not doing us any favors you're doing yourself a favor
And especially during these hard times with scene to me I mean I could be wrong
But during these really difficult times when nobody's got two nickels to scrape together
That's saving some money on a good meal will be a real good deal you know
When you think indeed a good deal on a good meal but nevertheless there they are
Let me do QA M hello
Hello
Hello
We don't think there's a recession what about those five two sides in Fort Motordale last week
He's getting pretty bad over here
How they even can't it hey
Yeah
Bad
Pretty bad hey
We're dead for down here
You sound it you sound like
Okay, pull the trigger baby
God I'm so glad I put him out of his misery
Did he sound miserable
We're desperate down here at their miserable time
Wow
Sure pick me up I feel not better about my life now
Barack Obama's steadily winning over his spani voters defying theories that the potential
Ecosom minority would be unlike for the support a black presidential candidate this year
Large population of Hispanic voters are president several key battleground states
In November 4th election such as Colorado and Nevada, New Mexico
As well as McCain's home state of Arizona
Recent polls in the keto bomb is building a steady power base among Hispanics
Gallup survey earlier this month giving him a 59 to 29% lead over McCain
Among Hispanics 59 to 29 a 30 point lead among Hispanics
How do you like that?
And that's because they took the poll in places other than deed county no doubt
Other than little Havana other than Domino Park
WQAM hello
Nail Ted Bell Ted stay cast like to get on the menu
Hilla deal
What's the possibility of getting on that? Who do I contact?
Who do you contact? Reverend Schwartz
I'd like to get on the now sure WQAM hello
Hello? Yes
Neil I'm sorry if somebody already gave the answer earlier you asked what the joke of the answer to the truth was
It's called a Malgoma
And if when they fill your cavity it was a Malgoma
Right
Just one of the calls, tell you that or by the way
That to feel that feel your cruise is one hot rock and mama I'm telling you what
It's an amazing job
Oh yeah
It's an amazing job
Hot rock and mama good God almighty
I'm not even sure I know what it was especially now
Yeah, oh yeah male female or a vegetable
Still got 55 huh
Yep
I mean I you know I don't ask you to say like 10 words on the whole story now
I'm sorry no
I got what? Down to 53
Hmm
Hmm
No one will overwork a fat guy let me tell you that little advice all you employers out there
Don't overwork a fat guy us fat people don't want to work
Thanks too much energy
727 on your pool as we zoom
Port 8002 against whatever
Get named
The best talent for you
Right
Fortly to 5.60 QAM
B-FORCE LEADER
BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM
That's a blue line
Oh, okay I'll be helping you today
Hey, when you please be having a blue sler big cheese
We are having a sail on camera
We have had about many flavors
Red, green, green, that is my dish
I don't know
R-H-G-G-H-E-A-D-A
Okay, I tell you everything
I'll escape baby brown for you inside I'm singing
Yes, it's true
We are winning back
It is only me coming to expect so bad
Yeah, you can play a group reactions on a group
But we don't want to drink our wee wee
We like our pool
Let's lose five big people to see
Red, I say what my beer feel my face clean
Red, yeah
Red, yeah
Red, yeah
Red, yeah
You should keep your eye up
Ready to choose Red, yeah
们 3K...
Red, let's…
Red, let's procure, brain tea
I'm 43. Say how to all day Punjabi all your can drivers. You know the Punjabi? I know them well.
Punjab mine. Now you have any Indian people? No. South Florida. I see them every now and then. Really? Yeah. What do you mean them? Indians.
I don't mean Native American Indians. I know what you're talking about. Yeah.
Another beautiful eyes. The women are wearing sari's? Yeah. Sorry. Sadad. No dowry? Sorry.
And? And nothing. They're around. And the men are not circumcised and they've got beautiful eyes.
Run to suicide. And they don't have that Korean near a system, you know? Then you don't
know eyes? Oh, penis eyes. 52 left on a certificate. That's not too bad considering you
used to have got 50 left from last week. Oh my god. I wish I was a fly in a wall right now.
What happened Chris? What did I miss? Nothing. He didn't have a look. Never. An expression.
No. No. A finger. Okay. Well, you still got 50 left from last week? Yeah. And we got 52 here.
But that's okay. We're doing the best we can. All right. So middle of the summertime. It's the
dog days. Everybody's broke. It's a tough times, man. W-Q-A-N-H-O.
Hey, how is Flingo? W-Q-A-N-H-O. George is my friend. Q-A-N-H-O.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you might sell more of those japango things if you let the
buyers buy multiple passes. They're just limited to one each. You know that? Yeah, I just got to
say that before. That's why they're going. Oh, sorry. I didn't hear that. But you say, I might,
well, what have I got to do with it? That client decides what they want to do and they'd want to
do it that way this time. You're right. But some of those deals are great. Japango spent
that. I think the one that you had for japanese is real good. That sushi, Yoshi is terrific.
And there's still some of those available too. So there's your free commercial. Okay. Thank you so
much. How do you like that? Here's the guy that said, do you want commercials for us?
A little free product. I sure hope he's not getting any free food because Jolly Jolby not going on
your door any minute now. Giving you what for? Giving you a lecture. Probably put on a tape on
nasty memo to your front door. Yeah. The more, no, the more I think about that, the more
apple said I get in it. It doesn't affect me. I mean, I'm out there. I sure is so. And when I am
down there, I look to when he shows from in there. So it's not affecting me in any way, shape or
foam. But it affects the people that work on this show and the idea that we have collective
punishment. If Joe Rose goes out and murder sticks people, are we going to put you guys in jail for it?
I guess so. Yeah. If Jolly Jolby is on the jury, if that crans goes out and runs over 15
people in the middle of a parking lot somewhere, are we going to put fat Chris in jail for it? I guess so.
Jolly Jolby. He's just he's just evil for the sake of it. In other words, not because it's some kind
of a personality defect, he just he enjoys it. He gets off on it. It's a power trip.
Just to make people miserable. And when you got somebody who, you know, as bad as things are with
the economy, with gas, all the other things going on in the world right now and in people's lives,
people struggling to scrape by all of them, banks go and bust going belly up. People losing
their homes. Ed McMahon can't afford to go out and buy flapjacks for Christ's sakes.
And we got this miserable rotten piece of turd who can sit in those themselves some kind of an
executive. Remember that movie about the Kennedy assassination executive action? That's what we need
to some executive action in Naples over there. One of those people going to wake up and sift the
adapters, huh? Your friends the beesleaf. I don't know. God. Let me do QAM. Hello. I'm in a good
QAM. Hello. Nail. Yes. How you doing, Mama? Okay. I probably know the reason
slow on the depango and slow on the phone is you got some stiff competition. I caught the street
right now. Yeah, I'm sure. The guilty master. Oh, well, that, that did it for me.
Yolves on. No wonder we can't, we couldn't give away anything. I guess we better put the test
pattern on what you think? Do it. Yeah, Nail. How you doing? Okay. Hey, it's Ira Wenderman.
Yeah, like we're talking. Likely story. And just coming heat season. I'm going to have to be doing
a 15 minute show on your on your program. What do you think about that? Really, really, really.
Oh, what do you, what do you think about the heat just coming season? You have Michael,
please. He said, Beasley, see that did it for me. My finger moved real fast once he said,
Beasley, bad. Ira Windbag. Ira sound. In fact, maybe it's not really guilty. It's Ira, because he's
got that same squeaky sound. That put us over the top, baby. Ira Windbag and Ethan Skolik and
all those other losers, 51. Now we're down to we sold another one. And probably thanks to the guy
who called in and gave us that free plug. One nice and very, WDQYM. Hello. Hey, my name.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. And that's it. That's the middle of your crap. Go back to the Domino Park,
okay? Shmuck. Get back at an air tube. The inner tube and get lost. Bring back alien. Maybe
you can swap him for alienito. I wonder if he's allowed to eat a couple unhappy meals. WDQYM. Hello.
QYM. Hello. QYM. Nail. Yes. Nail, I'm learning a script or Italy. Is it breakfast? Yeah,
likely story, huh? No, no. And I just wanted to know, is it safe driving there? That's all I want to know.
Do I want? Is it safe to drive there? Is it safe? Safe, safe. No. No. Only if you're a crazy person.
Let me say it again. No. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Only if you're
and don't have any value to your life, then it's safe to drive and roll.
The streets don't have any, most of the streets don't have any lanes. You know,
the, you know, the line's in the street that you're supposed to be. They don't exist. So they just,
they just drive all over the road. AOR. Kind of like the Affirmative QYM. AOR.
51. I want to get down under 50 so I can beat George from last week. All of it's so a week later, you know.
You still got 50 left from last week. I don't know. I know, you know, I just say to, you know,
slice your nuts. I can't do that. You're going to have that done. That's right. WQAM. Hello. I'm
crap. WQAM. Hello. Leave my wrong one very low. WQAM. Hello.
Definitely Joe Bell. I could smell it. I know the aroma.
729 votes on the point. You think you'll make your 800 sure? Yep. Maybe.
How we doing? We got 51 on, uh, Japan go. Reloading now. 51.
Considering all the crap that the WQM powers had beat dumped on him, how might Niels next five
years go? Somehow he'll make it to a live Senate. He intact 151. Hello. Last Joe Bell and
Clarence at the station. 146. He'll have a long, slow burnout. Hell, it's already begun since
early B 94. Hell, it's already been. It's just amazing. It could be such a creature breathing the air.
In a SNIT over some Schmidt hillup in Quit, 78. Some of the statesman,
make him an off-re-can refuse 46. He loses marbles and repophage balcony. My can hand 39. 50.
He'll kill over and die on air 39. A renegotiate the five years down to one or two, 35. He'll call
in sick more often 34. 11. A respray done on the air and have to be baker acted 34. The show will be
canceled 11. He'll be fired after committing a dime. I'm a signer nine. He'll be forced to do more
sports talk. 8. The show will be moved to some God for sake and spot on the schedule. 4. And the
show's hours will be drastically cut. 1. 5 minutes a day sounds good to me. 2 days and 3 days all year long.
5. 10. 55 to 11. 8. What a tight show that would be. Yeah. And probably with like three minutes of
spots. That sounds like a weiner to me. Just like that. How come that's not on tonight?
I don't even see it on the schedule anymore. That Marlon crap. I don't see it at all.
There's no Marlon games tonight. No, because the OnStar game was there's no game today, right?
There's only a couple games. Most teams are off. Yeah. And what about tomorrow? I don't see it on
tomorrow either. Great. That great. The 10 minute show with 9 minutes of spots. Maybe it's the
high-ups game. I beg your pardon? Maybe Josh forgot that was the game. I'll tell you one thing.
Speaking of Josh, Josh Cordis is the anti-Christ man didn't put any stories on air and I had
have George Sediment text messages. Oh, they're on there now. He's part of the evil empire.
Down to 50 George. I match you now. I'll go to do the cell one more. I got an hour and seven
minutes to go. I'll show you a thing or two. Although you are the best. You're the best. Yeah.
You get that intellectual crab man to get a pair of steamed up and work up. WQA and hello.
Neil, why are you such a leftist whore pig? WQA and hello. Hey, Neil, I bought the 15th
free fishery one. I bought a couple of those. I already used them. Hope them. Neil Godfim. They were
very happy. Great. They're very happy. Oh man. If you do a five-minute show, you can phone it in.
WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Thanks. You guys guys just dropped up this damn major case. How much? WQA and hello.
QA and. Hey, is that Neil? Yeah, yes it is. Hey, how you doing? Okay, I'm doing. Hey, you were the
the the the video on YouTube yet? It's like the stuff each with me pretty cool. You guys check it out. You know what I mean? No, you know, no, you're the best deal. I don't care what everybody says about you.
So we're over there. Wow. Have you duty? Now, if we sell one more, maybe I'll buy it myself just to know.
So it's just we got 49. We do. Yeah, but that one might be that might be a chicken neck again. He was on it once before today.
Oh, he says word. What's card? You know, his WT grant card. Who is Cresky card? Number Creskeys? No. No. We didn't have Creskeys in the Florida. No, that's right. You know,
I don't think about Florida. You know, we used to have pigly wiggly. Where here in the garden. We had pigly wiggly. Yeah, there was one on like red road and bird road right north of that drugstore.
Alan's. I'll be there. Oh, Alan's. Mm hmm. I would either brought in the ice cream and they may have been in a split for us. Yep. Those are the things. And you know, something they weren't advertised. There's either.
And it was a fun thing. We had a really good time with it. Everybody loved it. And you know, it generated a lot of fun. But we don't want that.
I'm sure we don't want people eating and enjoying themselves and nourishing themselves. What we want is people to be as miserable as Johnny Joe Bell.
Because he knows just like the rest of the world knows that he's destroyed this radio station.
What's your name? The best talent you've ever seen in the world is 40 to 5.62 AM.
I think sports leader.
And this is not a tumor. It's the ones of two hours.
Hello. Who's in my cupboard?
Is it the other one?
It's the game. It didn't like cover.
Oh, I know why you're wearing a movie for almost a school trip.
What's up with the game in the cupboard?
Can I shower with you little boy?
Can you in the cupboard?
When are you getting in the cupboard?
How did you meet my dad?
Can we get this self-paper in here?
You know, like a much answer.
Can you get me the cover?
Can we shut that cup off?
This is one red skin.
One, two, three.
There's the other red skin of the four skin. It's 1 o'clock at 5.60 WDQM.
We got one hour to go, man. It seems like we've been on for a hundred hours.
Sure does. You wait when you're not working much.
When you're only doing the two days a week and you've been on vacation on top of that.
And then you come back and you've got to do these four hour shows.
It seems like an eternity.
48 left is all we got.
That means we're still 52.
Aren't you proud of me?
As perch.
And we got an hour to go.
I don't know about these calls, though.
I don't see much happening on that phone.
We're the elusive people.
We're the people with something profound to say.
5.6705.60
and they've arrived in singular wireless line.
WDQM, hello.
Hello, Nick.
Yes.
Hey, I know.
Well, since you've got a golden retriever with our golden certificate.
Yes.
Did yours have brightest?
Yeah, toward the end, the last couple of years.
Did you do anything about it?
I've liked considered surgery or any of those kinds of things.
Any poor ligaments.
Anything like that?
Yeah, the vet gives them shots for that.
They have stuff for it.
They do.
Okay.
I'm from the 7th and I guess the twisted is back leg the other day.
Well, let me ask you a question.
Have you taken the dog to the vet?
Yes, we had a vet come out and checked him out.
And he needs like 100 pounds in taken from X-ray yet.
The guy wanted us to bring him in for an X-ray.
We haven't done that yet.
Why not?
I don't know.
The wife is trying to treat him with some guidebook.
Oh my God.
Are you a crazy person or what?
The wife is treating him?
I'm sure it's a place.
I would keep the dog and ditch the wife.
Okay, ditch the bitch.
Do you ever hear such a thing in your life?
Cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
You can't have a dog, mister.
I'd love to bitch right now.
Amen.
Whoever heard such a thing, the wife is trying to treat him with some bio.
Maybe he had a voodoo magic.
Right.
Healing crystals.
Oh my goodness.
This guy's got a dog.
Makes me very sad.
Gold retrievers are better than most people that I've met.
They're wonderful.
And he's not qualified to have one.
Trace that last call.
Find out where he is.
Let's go get an animal.
What do they call it?
Animal rescue?
Mm-hmm.
To take that dog away.
Give it a decent home where they'll take care of him.
Yeah, go over the zone where I know Trace.
But if he twisted something, what's he asking me about?
And why is he calling me on the phone and asking me, huh?
Cheap than going to the vet.
Cheap skate.
Dominique, QAM, hello.
Do you hear the knife, George?
QAM, hello.
Field.
Yes.
I'm a token of Australia.
Hello, hello.
Dominique, QAM, hello.
Hello, Veal.
Yes.
How are you, darling?
What do you want?
Field is having the story of the guy.
Veal, QAM, hello.
Who wants to be one, mama?
Veal, QAM, hello.
Yeah, I've never sucked black cock.
5607, 0560, and 0560, and they've risen seeing it around the slime.
I thought you already told them that.
What?
I already told them what?
Huh?
No, I did not.
He sounds like the sort of experience to me.
Dominique, QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Yes, this is Veal.
Yes.
Hey, Veal.
My name is Gene.
I was just listening to the guy with his dog that he thinks it twisted his knee or whatever.
I just had a somewhat situation where my 90-pound laugh and he actually tore his ACL.
And the longer it...
Take him to the guy that did the surgery on most to pay.
Because of the fact that the vet didn't notice it in the X-ray, right away he actually already had arthritis.
By the time they did the operation, so if that guy still listening, he really wants to get an X-ray done.
You really felt compelled to tell him that this guy that's letting his wife do, hope he's focused on his dog.
Well, my poor dog still suffering the operation was ridiculous.
There's like three grand, and my dog still limping around.
But the longer you take, the more arthritis that's in.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
I love you.
Good luck to your dog.
Sounds like I'm leaving.
You people, if you're going to have a dog, take care of it for crying out loud.
Okay?
I wish Tiny were here right now, dropping little souvenirs all over my carpet.
47 in the certificates letters, all we got, George.
Yeah.
47.
Mm-hmm.
And if they would have been able to buy more than one, they'd all be gone right now.
Mm-hmm.
Do you think?
Absolutely.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Absolutely.
QYM, hello.
Who's here, where's the spout?
WQYM, hello.
QYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going, buddy?
Okay.
Hey, Neil, my mom passed away about four years ago from diabetes at 54.
Mm-hmm.
She's been out to sugar, buddy, man.
I know it's hard, but we need you to entertain us for the next five years.
I'm addicted to sugar, man.
I'm addicted to it.
I know.
I know.
It's hard.
I know.
I'm going to be asking a stupid question.
Is that hereditary or...
If you can be, it sits there.
I can be.
Mostly from fat.
Right.
Right.
No, because I have watched out what I ate as far as sugar because of it, you know, but...
You know, stay out to sugar, man.
We need you and George will stay together and entertain us.
Okay.
All right, buddy.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Hey, George is coming up here this flight up this weekend.
We're going to tie the knot.
That's right.
Mm-hmm.
I get to be the guy.
5-6-7-0-5-60 and 0.5-60.
That's what you think, I mean.
The right is in singular wireless line.
70 QAN, hello.
Uh, because of AN.
Now that was creative.
QAN, hello.
QAN, hello.
So we're going to have you suspended from broadcasting your languages obscene.
And I written book for that.
Well, let me ask you how much money are you going to save me on my insurance?
Well, our average is about 50 percent.
Okay, good.
5-6-7-0-5-60 and 0.5-60.
We're rising in singular wireless line.
We're going to be put to the FCC.
You have no idea how happy I am about one thing.
What?
Not being here?
Correct.
Good guess.
Sorry.
Good guess.
What's here is what you get.
Uh-huh.
Exactly.
That sounds good.
One thing about this show, it's been like a mirror of this community for a long, long time.
And what you hear is what you get.
I was thinking the other day about, I don't know why.
I guess it was on the plane.
You know, you have a lot of time on the plane along 7.5 hour flight.
Thinking about the early days that we sat down on the second floor 10 and a half years ago.
And from that moment forward.
I kept thinking to myself, well, isn't our audience the people that we used to have at I.O.G.
Isn't that, or those people who listen to the Elijah show?
No, you would know.
No, I would not.
No.
And it was never, ever, even close to the same, ever.
And then I remember the whammy days and the days that I would sit there and play music.
Because there wouldn't be a call.
Remember that?
Yep.
And that fat, whatever his name was, would stand in the studio with you, what was his name?
Joe.
Joe, fact, Joe.
That was well handled too, man.
And that was really well conceived.
Nothing made a difference.
No.
Because no speaking English over there anymore in that stage in India.
Deputy QAM, hello.
QAM, Ola.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How are you?
Same smoke.
What do you want?
You don't want to know it?
Deputy QAM, hello.
Who could resist that delicious order house they build with peppercorns?
Mr.
Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot, Mr. Ego.
Go adopt some more kids.
Go pray to Jesus.
Well, you talk about a guy who lost his marbles.
I'm not so sure if he ever had any.
Started out Jewish liberal and now it's turned right wing fanatical.
Born again Christian adopting 85,000 kids, including 75 black ones.
And just, I don't know.
And doesn't even show up in the book.
Doesn't need this to exist.
46 left is all we got.
Chris, aren't you proud?
Say it loud.
Say it loud.
Super proud.
No, you're not.
What are you talking about?
All you cares that you got a female today and we didn't have to turn it down.
760 votes.
You're not going to make it.
You need 40 votes in 51 minutes.
We're going to do it.
Now, let's see.
It's the dog days, man.
This isn't like your regular time of the year when you think, oh, you know, we can do that easy.
No, you can't.
It's a tough ass Simon.
It's what he knows.
And by the time they beat all the traces on the pool, you know, a half an hour is
going to buy already.
Charlie B.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Welcome, Neil.
Yes.
I hear my voice.
WQAM couldn't do it.
Hello.
I got it.
Yes, yes, yes.
QAM, hello.
12 inches and it's not my foot.
QAM, hello.
What is it?
I got it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, don't you have any material in this, the show, it's part of something like that.
I mean, it's actually listening to it.
Yeah.
What do you got?
I don't have any material in this.
Yeah, that's obvious.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 100 people rising and singular wireless.
It's tough to listen to.
What are you talking about?
You're loving it.
You're squeezing yourself.
You're so excited about it.
You want me to think?
Oh, yeah.
He's reaching for it.
He can't find it.
Yeah.
But he's reaching for it.
WQAM, hello.
The road after the hog.
QAM, hello.
In Chunkela.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, me, oh.
Yeah.
I want to have a good party.
What?
So I welcome to the dark days of Miami.
Yeah.
And so what else is new over there?
Oh, man.
Let's go over there.
Go back to New York, OK?
Get on the subway.
In fact, lay down in front of one of them.
It would be a good idea.
A good bet for the human race.
Ask me the next time I want to go to New York.
No.
I don't.
Do you want to go back to New York?
Yeah, sure.
For what?
Free trip.
Just some sights.
Free tea.
I want some free food.
Good food.
Yeah.
It depends.
No, you have to wear depends.
I think I'm going to start though, because I poop my pants a lot.
Yeah.
I'm old and I poop my pants.
Well, it's good for a lot of things.
And someday I'll have a walker probably.
You know, I'll be like, uh, maybe, uh, one of those scooters.
With the oxygen tank attached to it.
Mm-hmm.
That's God.
Maybe that's what they have to look forward to.
And of course, they would say, well, you eat all that ice cream and sugar.
And you're diabetic.
Oh.
If there was a guy, you could eat all the ice cream you want.
There wouldn't be any diabetes.
And you wouldn't like, Coke and, uh, have all these terrible things happen.
In fact, if there was a guy, they wouldn't invent ice cream and candy in the first place.
7.62 on your pool.
You are really crick-a-long, man.
Is the Chinese say?
Chinese one?
Crick-a-long.
Not too good.
And we got 46.
Am I right on the certificates?
So back to 47.
There goes chicken heck again.
Find you use that quesky card.
Get named.
The best tap I've seen is you lost.
It's 49.5.60.
You am the fourth leader.
The fourth leader.
The following may be flammable and not suitable for children.
It's totally hot action.
As fuel prices continue to skyrocket, your annual growth will be all new DVD.
Gas prices gone wild.
That's right.
Go ahead.
Grab that hose and don't stop pumping.
Now it's not only what you drive, but how hard you drive it.
Oh my.
Look, it's up again.
Don't let it go down.
I like when it goes up.
There's no smoking here.
This pump because this action is too hot.
Oh yeah, baby.
Our full service includes checking your dipstick.
Places have never been this big.
Or your copy of gas prices gone wild today.
Well, companies are saving money.
117.5.60.W.M.
We would have sold out those certificates except for goldies on the day across the street.
Ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
That's a ticket.
That's what you call your really squeaky stiff competition.
767 on your full-quist, you might just actually make 800.
We will.
And how the hell did I know it was going to be 800?
Where the hell did I get that?
That pulled out of my ass or what?
Uh-huh.
Seriously, how the hell did I come up with that number?
Years of experience.
That must be it.
566705.60.505.60 under Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
We're all on the wrong taking tons and tons of your great calls.
WDQA and hello.
Well, there's only one left.
Oh my God.
What are we going to do now, George?
Uh-huh.
Okay.
Let me walk out the door here.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
How's that up?
Yeah, it's hanging.
How long are you liking so much business?
5?
WDQA.
How did you do it, man?
Oh, yeah.
2 way in, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
It's nail-please.
Speaking.
Nail.
Uh-huh.
I didn't know I was on the phone, but I wanted to say something respectfully to you, please.
Uh-huh.
If you would, I appreciate when you do educate public.
And I do like when you read your articles because of the way you're going to do it.
No way.
But sometimes we don't have the opportunity to see your insight or see the, uh, let's do your
acumen of what you go through with the material.
And I appreciate when you do something.
I just say that.
And thank you.
Okay, you're welcome because it's not going to happen no more.
I mean, you know, one or two here and there.
I'm not doing that no more.
That's not what the audience wants.
They don't want it.
I ain't going to do it.
They want to hear idiots calling on the phone making noises, making sounds.
Am I right?
Right.
Right.
There's no doubt about it.
Nope.
That's what they want.
This is their idea of a real bunch of yaks.
And you notice that day before I went on vacation, I think two weeks ago today, and they're all calling,
oh, you've got to see this great movie.
There will be blood.
It's right up your alley.
You know, you're really going to love it.
And I watched it not once, but twice.
Once going over across the pond and once coming back just to make sure it was as bad as I thought it was the first time.
And it was.
And I talked about it on Tuesday.
Now one of those people that called it must have been a half a dozen people that day.
Now one of those people responded to tell me what it was that they thought I would like about it.
What is good?
Tell me something good about that movie.
And they wouldn't do it.
And what does that go back to that I've always said.
If you ask a specific question, rarely.
Once in a while, but rarely will they respond to it.
Because they've got their own agenda.
And because I did see it and saw that it was a piece of crap, they don't have the balls to call in and debate it with me and try to defend it because they know it was garbage.
I hope you do watch it this weekend.
Please.
If it's done, download it.
WQAM, hello.
We had a listen to the sugar police.
We have their partners.
Okay, great.
WQAM, hello.
Now what was that?
WQAM.
WQAM, hola.
WQAM, hello.
Leave the bond.
Take the salami.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, Neil, great show.
Yeah, great show.
Uh, great show, Neil.
He also is so out of material.
Not that he ever had anymore.
I'm just totally out of material.
I'm obsessed.
Excellent program, Neil.
Oh, great show.
768, you need 32 votes in 30 minutes.
Wow.
We're going to be pressure packed to you, David.
You know, just the fact that you keep saying that doesn't make it happen, you know.
Forty five.
That would be like George sitting there on the chair saying, when I get home, there's going to be 20 million dollars in small bills, cash sitting on the kitchen table.
Just him saying it isn't going to make it happen.
Forty five.
Forty five, what?
Certificates.
Oh, 31 votes we need for 800.
See, numbers, there goes a million with the numbers, lots of numbers.
It's like a show game, like on the prices right, which used to be good when Bob Barker was on it.
That you carry, man, that is scary, scary.
He is to daytime TV, what Katie Kirk is tonight, time moves.
You follow?
Yep.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, happy Thursday, Neil.
Back to you, sir.
Yeah, what's going on with no bomb, it's white.
Call me please.
No, same, same smoker again with no material.
How many QAM, hello?
Thirty cents, you are too, picker.
How many QAM, hello?
No, God.
Speaking.
I guess just three things.
I just want to say that you are my friend.
I also want to say, I have no life.
And just around you, the Rudy Valley here.
Thank you.
How many QAM, hello?
Neil.
I bet you wrote that all out too, in long hand.
Yes.
I have an ailment and the order.
You got an ailment, all right?
You know what it is?
We'll look between the eyes, man, be sure all your ills.
And most of ours too.
Do a lot of good for the human race.
Ain't you thinking it?
Oh, yeah.
We'll get to our 800 on the pole.
I'm not going to read it again, though.
I just, the choices are just too long.
Even for me, I can't deal with it.
Sorry, Charlie.
The 770.
77.
I couldn't play that, but I don't want to.
Too much effort.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, there.
It's Ron Knight, Neil Rogers.
WDQA and hello.
The boy turns to the valve.
WDQA and hello.
I'm sorry, you're a Fund member account executive.
I'm sorry, you're a Fund member.
Don't you love that?
We can leave up a blind date.
Now, offers integrated escrow accounting,
available with version 5.0, with escrow accounting.
You can post and print check.
Listen, we can leave it on.
I was unsure.
Or at least I'll break it.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
I'm begging for an English speaking English.
Speaking English.
Listen, I need to talk to you about your stock and Phoenix.
560.
560.
And 0.560.
Sounds like an area of expertise on the horizon singular wireless.
He wanted some tips.
Yeah.
No pun intended.
Mm-hmm.
WDQA and hello.
Nail.
You're eating a proof and now you're talking my light.
WDQA and hello.
Nail.
Hi, George.
Hi, Chris.
Hi.
Yeah.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Nail.
Why don't you eat a pot of soup.
WDQA and hello.
Nail, I'll be listening to you for a third.
WDQA and hello.
Now increase transmitter power to 10 watts.
You can eat.
Hahaha.
How's that signal lately, by the way?
Haven't heard any spy reports on that?
No, no.
Because I did have spy reports that the day that I was bitching about it a couple weeks ago,
and screaming and carrying on about the signal being so bad, that that day the signal was really good for some reason.
Something must have gone out and peed on the tower.
And then the very next day was back to like, like that again, you know.
Did anybody tell you that?
No.
No.
Mom just told you that right now.
Free ratification.
Yeah, whatever.
I don't think we can afford to get it back up to 10 watts.
772 on your pool.
28 votes needed.
34 minutes.
It's going to be really, really tight.
Tight.
And what about the certificates?
What do we got?
40, uh, some five?
Uh, 46.
46.
Like I said.
Get me.
Get me.
462 AM.
40.
4th leader.
You can't, baby.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
Cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have safe sex with you.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have safe sex with you.
Now I'll be free to leave without the fear of pregnancy.
Such a trapped man will stop.
Once that I hit the ball, I'll be free to go to the pool.
I'm gonna cut my balls cause I hear the pain ain't that bad.
I've got to wait as long as we're a feminine path.
Don't care if it makes my voice feel high.
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you.
I got to be free.
132 at 56, w instruction.
Any interest?
No.
So how many people in your pool, Chris?
We had 777 last time I looked.
777.
I mean, he 21 votes in 28 minutes.
Going right down to the wire.
Oh, there's Sky Miles of Ryan on CNN.
They're having this big thing now about the airlines.
Which one was it?
US gear.
Allegedly telling the pilots, oh, listen,
note that waist a lot of fuel.
In fact, let's, so that's only put a half a tank, yeah.
And then just hope for the best.
Hope you get wherever you're going like that.
You reply US gear?
Not lately.
Good.
Oh, that's why you don't fly anywhere.
Right.
I got no money.
Jolly Joe will give you some trade outs.
Right.
Maybe I'll treat you out one of those jaguars.
Sure.
That all the sales people in fact,
for ran how we say I was.
She's still got one and she's a there.
Yeah, she's there.
On the other side of the building.
I'm pretty sure she's still got one too.
She's there.
I bet.
Big one.
Strap on.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Uh, listen, man, Wednesday day,
when you're in Georgia, I say to not.
I want to be here for that.
Ah, yeah, I'll be a flower girl or a girl.
Yeah, okay.
WDQA and hello.
Sure.
Hey, that is Neil.
Yeah.
This is him.
If I'm saying I'm a fake man,
we live in your mind.
Yeah.
Hey, good.
Hey, how long have you been working on that
phony accent, Jimmy?
Hey, listen, man, we got WDQA and hello.
I'd like to speak to me, sir.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil, I hear you.
What are you doing?
Okay.
I'm a long time listening to this.
I used to work in the Georgia club,
I used to see the home every day.
Mm-hmm.
How's everybody over there?
Okay.
Keep on what I do show us.
You know, what can we do?
Everything sucks nowadays.
You got to learn how to speak Spanish.
Buenos tardes.
Buenos tardes.
5670560, what is it?
0.560.
Spounded on the Verizon Singular Rital Sline.
Only 26 minutes to kill here.
I think we can do it.
7, what does that say?
781.
I'm telling you, Chris, you're going to be really letting us down.
If you don't get that 800, 784.
You're going to really let the human race down.
We got it.
I have a big frown on my purse.
Somehow he'll make it through a live,
sanity intact, 162.
He'll outlast your balance merits at the station, 161.
I don't know how anybody can outlast them,
because they both got to make it pictures.
Joyce and the donkey.
Yeah.
Nothing.
Oh yeah.
Just a picture of that.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I'm like a comment on that.
WDQYM, hello.
I hear you at the TV, everything.
QYM, hello.
It puts people calling you.
WDQYM, hello.
Do you like Spanish here?
QYM, hello.
You can do it.
Can't do it.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I live not too far away from that restaurant.
Can we go in there and get those deals?
Are the only way to do that online.
Let me sit again, online.
WDQYM, thank you.
I'm sorry, I love you, Neil.
I have a great day.
Thanks.
What is this thing?
Oh, this thing just popped up by itself again.
On the screen.
Thing.
This thing.
You and a blue speed up my PC.
Oh, it's a pop-up, yeah.
Well, we're in hell, I'll come back and get blocked.
Like a pie.
You got a pie on my auto block.
Like a pie on your ass.
Crap.
784, I don't think you're going to do it.
I think you're going to fall a little short.
We're going to do it.
You're going to fall a little bit short and then everybody
who's all over town is going to say, oh, that Chris.
Chris just can't get it done on the Neil Rogers show.
He's not one of the judges.
He's a really good son.
Not.
We're going to do it.
Now, did he ever give you any explanations to why the stories didn't get done?
I don't know the conversation with him today.
But why not?
I saw him briefly as I walked past that road.
Did you say putts?
No.
Schmuck.
Schmuckle?
No, nothing.
WDQYM, hello.
Neil God.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Drew.
QYM, Hola.
Yeah?
Yes.
I have a question.
Is questions pulled out?
Is what?
I went online to fight on the certificate.
And is the gift certificate pulled out?
No, it is not.
There were 46 left.
So I come on my computer.
It says, Promotion is out.
What promotion are you talking about?
Why?
On the front today.
It's your pangro.
There are 46 left.
It doesn't say anything about sold out.
Okay. Well, it says it on my computer.
That's all I'm asking.
I have to leave you.
Well, sure you're a computer.
I have to window and get a new one.
Okay.
It says it on our computer.
Promotion is sold out.
You know, I heard a female voice.
And I thought maybe, maybe, just maybe, on my ex-husband at 44.
44.
Does it say sold out?
No.
Well, why not?
It was on hers.
75, we need 15 more votes on that very, very good pool of Charlie V's.
788, we need 12 more in 23 minutes.
That's like one every two minutes.
Christ, if we had 800 listeners, we get 800 votes.
But I don't think we do.
I don't know.
No.
I'm the 17th of Julio.
WDQAM, hello.
758, 15 more votes on that very day.
With that radio turned way way up loud.
Thank you.
See you now.
Who's that old?
Let me know.
WDQAM, hello.
And you.
Yep.
I do this time at three sun.
You'll be in Georgia.
Yeah.
And that's that fun.
Mm-hmm.
Why not?
Oh, right.
Oh, my God.
It's just something I can't believe.
I'm scared, isn't it?
Oh, yeah.
It's frightening.
567, oh, fine.
And in fact, I'm trying to think back today, there was the guy with a dog who was an idiot.
Mm-hmm.
And then the other guy with a dog who is almost as bad.
I'm trying to think of anybody who actually said something elusive during the entire show today.
And were those people who recommended I see there will be blood?
Were those people, how those cars?
They don't want to come out of the closet now because they're embarrassed and humiliated and degraded.
For a wasted my time.
I kind of have been sitting there picking my nose on the plane for two hours and 38 minutes and it's been a big improvement over watching that crap.
I'll find the soundtrack.
You know, you didn't find it.
No.
I will.
When you hear the, well, when you watch it and you hear the violin, the frantic violin music.
See, this is part of the whole suit of an electoral empire.
The more dramatic it is in the louder and the louder, nothing that it fits into makes any sense.
See, that no longer works.
The idea that something makes sense or that it's part of a meaningful production.
No.
Just that it's RC Farsi and it's different and it's dramatic and it's sucked.
This is what you want to get named the best out of here.
You want to get sportly to 5.60 km.
The sports leader.
The wife and baseball star Alex Rodriguez filed the horse paper today in Miami.
So, media reports has suggested Aeroid may be romantically linked with singer Madonna.
She will get the kids and you'll be distrained.
She and your done.
Oh.
Aeroid Madonna.
And double the rest.
You'll wonder him and she will you make your best.
I like that.
It's like a fool.
Pull your pants down.
Touch me eating this.
Hold, she's tanking.
145 at 5.60 WQM.
We got just 15 minutes to go before the jerk show from Vegas.
And we got 7.98.
Oh, and I'm doing a radio show and I have a phone call here.
That's almost unbelievable.
That's all the time.
That's amazing.
7.98.
I think Chris has got it in the bag.
And I got it in the bag.
We only got 42 certificates left.
And I say, what?
What we lost to?
What is wrong with you?
Oh, just left with it.
God.
Something like almost suicidal.
Maybe these calls are getting to you.
5.670560.560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
Let's get those phones cranked.
Maybe we only got like, what?
70 minutes to kill here?
Throwing these bastards.
This great bastard intellectualism that we have here in South Florida.
Let's hear it.
How about that ballpark, baby?
What do you think?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I only wish I could read you this message.
I just got it out because I'm an evil door.
You do understand that?
Oh, yeah.
If it rains, it's my fault.
Let's try to get stung by this.
It's my fault.
I'm an evil door.
Like Joe Bell.
How many QAAMs?
Hello.
Oh, what the heck?
Flash.
Flash.
Flash.
Flash.
Oh, whatever happened with that, by the way.
I was on vacation.
Yeah.
Before my vacation, we had this story about the Florida Supreme Court rule
that the Indians, uh, were Charlie Chris and Lim Prist.
Yeah.
Backed over and above the exceeded as authority and making that deal
with the Indians and that they couldn't have the black check and all
other stuff and they already had it.
So what's the, um, what's the deal?
I don't know.
Well, I'm sure somebody will call in and they lose today.
That's about that.
I'll be sure.
And Corey, mine's 1 to 0.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, and the Verizon and singular wireless line.
You didn't have a story about that?
No, they just said, uh, you know, we're running the spots as you hear.
And for some reason, uh, it's okay to, and I'm not sure why.
It's okay to what?
Run those spots.
Cause they're paying for them.
Right.
How many QAAMs hello?
I want to know if George is going to do the toy show again tomorrow.
How many QAAMs hello?
QAAM?
How many QAAMs hello?
Hi, Tracy California.
What?
I'm Tracy California.
What are you talking about?
Um, I got Neil Rogers show.
Yeah.
Um, just calling the one to get out in here.
You're running here?
Oh, am I high, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I just got, I spent 28 years in Miami and I just got out just moved to, uh,
Congratulations, sir.
It's a great feeling.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, the only thing I miss is you guys and maybe publics.
Right, that's, I'll go with that.
Right.
Yeah, I just remember you guys was listening online just wanting to say, hey.
Okay, you have a great life, man.
Thanks, Mike.
Congrats.
He got out.
When did that get that loud?
How many QAAMs hello?
Hey, I'm Camille.
Yes, sir.
You asked and I will try and give you that answer.
Okay.
Um, the big rules, that was the black check but did not able to turn the federal government
who was the one who gave the okay, uh, to do the black check as they could see us.
So it's just going to stay the way it is.
It's going to get the black check and, uh, and that's the way it is.
So even though the court overruled it, overruled it, um, one other thing,
I've wanted to certificate that Japan goes a great place to eat.
Yes, it is.
The court is getting that.
Great.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Have a good one, man.
804 on the floor.
Hello, hallelujah.
A happy day.
WDQYM, hello.
Go to like and print, replicate us.
WDQYM, hello.
It's just, hello, Neil.
Yes.
Yes, the black.
Listen here, man.
I like to show, man.
You're cool, Pat.
And, um, your mama, she's a nice lady.
Mm-hmm.
Naveen, it's your way in.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, um, I'm going to reiterate what that guy's been about, um, damn, friend.
I was there about a month ago, a four or two weeks.
It's a great city, that whole area.
You need to go out there and check it out.
I've been there.
I don't like it.
Oh, you don't?
Okay.
I hate the weather there, man.
It's always cold.
Even the middle of summer time is cold.
I'm going to...
Too many clones out there, too, you know what I mean?
Well, I like that.
All right.
I'm happy for it.
Okay, have a good time there.
Too many clones.
You don't throw on a pole, we made it.
I cannot believe that.
We still have to 44 now on the things.
Oh, yeah.
That's not so bad.
QA and hello.
Yeah, I like to speak with Neil.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil.
Quick question for you.
Um, often, Ollie was there with a hard rock casino.
Yeah.
It was the...
I'm going to make a suit.
Because I don't have a little thing going on down there in South Dave.
But I'll tell them they don't have anything as big as the seven-ohles.
It's like a monopoly that they have or you know what that is.
You're asking me how to out of I know?
Oh, no, I thought you may have known.
Because I was talking to a friend of mine who worked at the Mika Suki.
And he said, it's moving so much business to the hard rock casino.
I just was wondering.
Well, the hard rock's an awesome place.
Maybe they're going to have Mika Gro.
You know, keep rubbing it and make it grow.
You've been to the hard rock?
Uh, yeah.
He's a mighty going to this weekend again.
So really, an awesome place.
How many QA and hello?
I've noticed that.
Well, I've noticed that you're still there.
No matter what we do, no matter what we say, you're still there.
How many QA and hello?
You're not there.
QA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
When you're having sex, it's really got to be hard.
How many QA and hello?
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
Just wanted to let you know.
I spent a few days out in Calvary recently.
And it was a wonderful time.
Doing what?
Oh, well, I went to the stampede and then I went up the bank.
And just, you know, the rockymounts, the people were nice.
Every day it was just a nice change of pace from South Florida.
Uh-huh.
And we were just wondering if you had been out there, what your thoughts were?
No, I haven't been out there and I have no plans to go into a Calvary country.
Okay. Well, this is my next question.
Would you recommend taking a trip side of Montreal and then the train up to Quebec City?
Would you recommend that?
I've never been in Quebec City and I'm not doing a...
Call a travel agent, okay, sir?
Call a travel agent.
I'm sure that'd be more than delighted to pet a few of you some crap.
800-5 votes on the pull-way did it.
As David Samson would say, and one day Joe is going to find a good message that they...
We did it!
Yeah, the musical hate society, the Marlon organization in QAM.
Joe Bell, created that, have he do not that we care because David Samson's an idiot and so is Jeffrey Lawyer.
I think what the station owner do is do everything in their power to make sure that they do.
They ought to get in bed with Norman Brahmins, don't you think?
Sure.
Figuratively only, of course.
Make damn sure that public money isn't spent on these new calls to build on the stadium to bail their ass out.
Mm-hmm.
When it's out, don't bail a millionaires out.
I could be wrong, but I don't think so.
Yes, you're in the next one, sure.
You're in the right place.
Forty-two A.M.
Me, fourth, leader.
I'm a badly-dropping fan of Bordeaux radio, and all the puns of Othel Jocque who frequent monotones.
In the creatures of a Majos Bordeaux that get dreams of how I want to pump my bundle in between their cheeks I think the Jocs.
I think the Jocs, Jocs, Jocs.
Borses, all that battered is their want to get me burned.
I'm aware of women, but they just get off my nerves.
I like clapping at least a day since they pay me a little bit.
In the company of low-leaf board holders and parasites in the Jocs.
I think the Jocs, Jocs, Jocs.
Oh, many slapping towels, mapping, badly jocke our sweaters.
I would like to win their legs, all the way to Heaven.
In the fourth part, I think I grew with all the guys.
Watching games at the one hand goes running up my eyes, I think the Jocs.
In white tube itself, I think the Jocs, Jocs, Jocs.
Oh, Bordeaux doesnt round at the leaps of vineyard, wetty.
Let me scrap these garters on and change my name to Betty.
One day on the board hold show they talk about the leaps.
How did they know listeners are into a feet feet?
I think the Jocs, sports always matters.
I think the Jocs, Jocs, Jocs.
Oh, sports is the only thing that matters.
In fact, sports always matters.
There's nothing else in life, more and more.
There's more and more.
Here's sports, here's sports, here's sports.
Bye, bye, bye.
