New person, this character would have reproduced the topic.
Yeah, well, what about when the...
Now he was 100% what about when he took a part in the role?
No, and this one was the only one that he knew.
Nobody.
So this is the whole song from this one.
What is it about tonight?
4th episode.
WQAM.
I am a 4th lotter day.
Well, running.
Falling.
Time.
5th episode.
I love the music they came in to talk to me.
Dial.
1v7.
0560 in date.
In the name of the...
No.
In the name of the...
Code toll free.
87785.
Nail.
Or pound 560 on your AC&T.
Engrorize your wireless phones.
The appendings expressed by Nail.
His guests or his colleagues.
Do not represent those of WQAM management.
Stand up or stand up or stand up.
Now the Nail Roger show.
Un560.
WQAM.
50 Hoover.
Outteam on mine.
She's out of my out.
I love you.
I'll have a guy who holds my life and says I love him.
Outside of the day show with no.
I'll be here.
You should ask me if you could help you.
You see the essence, gives you the world of me as much as your dreams.
You've never been the love letters I say.
You're fair.
I still keep a shrine to you in my most-based ways.
Close my love, there's something I want you to know.
I remember you.
You're my candy.
She's on the way out.
I got that story coming up momentarily.
1002 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Thursday to you.
It's our Neil Deal dance Thursday.
And then tomorrow in Georgia is going to be a Gulf Stream.
But we don't have any promo to give any...
I bet.
Oh, that's not a promo.
It's a copy point.
Oh, well...
That's what you've been there for.
He's in a two tomorrow.
It's about the time.
It's holy bullstakes weekend on Saturday.
And the Gulf Stream offers free admission over 5,000 free parking passes as always.
Plus dual world class casino is on the audio.
I'll be there and we'll have some, you know, chotchkes, t-shirts, things like that.
Pens with our logo on it.
Tomorrow, get into Georgia, Gulf Stream, and then Saturday he's going to be at the Grand Reopening of Comp USA.
1740 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
Ten in and Saturday.
So we'll get all of that stuff in.
I just mentioned that because all your close personal friends who at least are, you know, making something for it on our behalf.
They still, you know, let the balls drop all the time.
It's just...it's the Q&F and Wayman.
This, uh...no follow-through.
I've got an amazing story.
Although first thanks, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices again.
Oil set a record.
Briefly this morning, $112.21 a barrel.
You roll out the barrel.
You can't afford to buy, but roll it out.
First time ever.
First time in history.
It ever cracked through the $112.00 marker.
Now it's backed down though.
I just checked it.
$110.67.
So let's buy a few barrels.
I...
The guy that called it the SNJ show.
I mean, what a clown, you know.
I'm out of this aviality point that he's making, but the problem is that that's never been the problem.
That people can't afford the tickets.
I mean, there's some people who have never been able to afford because, you know, they're not making a lot of money.
Some of them are just plain sluppers and they would like to go.
But most people don't want to go.
They don't want to.
And they don't.
No matter what the price is, no matter what the economy, no matter what.
So that...
Now that's a good excuse.
And of course, in a town that's always got an excuse.
That's a good one.
Oh, we're not making any money anymore in the economy or in the depression.
Okay, great.
That's this year's excuse.
Not to go.
And of course, the fact that the ownership of most of the franchises keeps screwing the fans anyway.
I mean, there's a whole bunch of ingredients involved there.
But we don't do a sports show.
So let's not get sidetracked on that.
Mr.
Please.
Now I have a wood blind story, especially for Tubby over there who thinks,
oh, gee, all he does is go there to lose his money.
Oh, that's...
Is that what he said yesterday?
Basically, exactly.
He said, yeah.
Early to go lose my money on the weekend.
So yesterday at two o'clock, I got in the upon the act and I drove out to woodbind.
You'd be proud of me, chooling along there on the gardener expressway in 427.
I could go get now with my eyes closed, blindfolded.
I'm going to try that, I think.
All right.
But it can't be any worse than the rest of the driving here.
Oh, my God, it's just terrifying.
Slow, just slow and slower.
So I get there yesterday and I'm playing the dollar machine, mon.
Wheel of Fortune, of course.
See, I'm addicted, not to gambling, I'm addicted to the wheel of Fortune.
I admit that.
Because of the noises it makes.
No, because I've just been playing it for almost four years now.
And I just enjoy it.
I like to spin.
I like the...
I don't like to double diamond ones, only the five times ones.
All right.
So I find me on machine.
It's not too busy there.
I find a machine.
I sit down, I'm losing, and losing.
And losing, I'm down a thousand bucks.
I'm actually going to give you real numbers, which I usually don't do, because it's nobody's business.
But just to impress what a near-disassterness was.
So I'm down a grand.
I thought, well, this is not going to...
You reach a point out of dollar machines where you're almost never going to get your money back.
Mm-hmm.
Because there's just not that much upside.
And let's see, it's something big on the line.
So I go into five dollar room, wheel of Fortune.
Okay.
Now, those machines are...
Can be very profitable if you get lucky, and you get a bunch of spins in the Audi Audi, or something good on the line.
But if you get cold machines, mine, you're...
Every time you get to button, you're playing ten bucks.
These are five dollar two coin machines.
Every time you get to button, it's ten bucks.
So unless you're getting some action, some spins, and something, you can lose a lot of money in no time at all.
So to make a long story short about an hour and a half later, I'm losing.
Guess how much?
I don't ask eight bucks.
I love steel there.
One?
Eight bucks.
Three grand.
Wow.
Hey, big three grand.
I ordinarily...
You have to say yourself a limit.
Like, 500 or a grand, or 1500, depending on how much cash you got.
Like, eight grand.
I'm a luxury grand, which ordinarily for me.
I just don't hang around that long, but I just had this sinking feeling.
I don't know what it was, I mean.
And I hit the button again, and here comes wheel of Fortune, five times, purple seven, which is five grand.
Okay.
So now I'm up to grand.
Okay.
You don't find that an amazing comeback?
That's an amazing comeback.
Then, it's 525.
Well, I'm not going to get on the highway in the middle of Rush Hour traffic.
So I figured, well, I'll play some nickels, some two cents, some dimes.
You know, I'll just dittle around a little bit.
First I go to the dollar wheel of Fortune again, and I get a spin for 200.
I went, I put a hundred bucks in, I get 300 back.
I realized this isn't that simple, lady, but it's just interesting to me.
And so now I'm actually head to 2200.
So I take the ticket that I got there for the 300 bucks, and I go out, I'm playing some quarters and nickels,
and I'm having a good time, I've given it away, given it back, but at least I'm not messing with the two grand that I won, right?
Right.
Now I go to a quarter machine, which has got this like mystery lamp, something bonist thing.
See, that's the thing about the new machines.
Even though you're playing multiple coins all the time, they almost all of them had these bonus features, you know?
Okay.
The chickens I told you about in, in, in, hard rock, the screaming chicken.
Well, it was last week while he was on vacation.
Yeah, I don't know anything about that.
Oh, you didn't hear about the screaming chickens, and I won, you say you don't know about my chickens.
No, I don't.
About my chicken, like your chickens.
It's called He-Ha, it's a fun machine.
All right, I got a good one.
Yeah, I won the 1300 at hard rock.
Lost my acid pompe, no, because the casino there blows.
But anyway, I was like, oh, so I sit down this machine,
I get like the bonist thing on it.
And the thing comes up, you want fame or fortune or BS or any of your press, press fortune, of course, being greedy.
And that's what I'm there for in the first place.
And up comes the thing, you hit the button and it spins multiple times whatever you bet.
Well, I bet the maximum, which is 25 cent times five.
Bucking a quarter, 25 credits.
And it comes up 100 times that.
So it's 2500 quarters, which is 625 buck.
So I want another 600 there.
All right, and I left.
That was time to leave.
What was the total?
2600 bucks.
All right.
I just mentioned that for Chris, oh, he does this.
And I'm not saying I win most of the time because nobody does that.
Liers take it that no matter what kind of gambling they do.
But if I didn't at least at woodbind, if I didn't have a chance to win now and then occasionally do it, I wouldn't go.
I'd stop going because I'm not into that kind of charity.
I'm into other kind of stupid charity, but not that kind.
Chris, oh, sorry, I like that comeback story.
Very nice.
Very good.
Congratulations.
What he's really thinking is this maniac, this old fool, is losing three grand there.
No, what I'm really thinking is it must be nice to be able to do that.
What was that mean?
Well, like someone like me or even Josh who's hanging out over here, we would just not even be able to.
What do you mean he's hanging out over there?
He's waiting for the promotion to be started, so he's hanging out with us a little while at the time.
He's probably waiting to see if the food comes in early.
No.
So, you know, I'm just saying, wow, you know, maybe one day in life I'll be able to have that type of gambling experience.
No.
No.
Never happened.
Yeah, probably not.
I mean, I don't want to depress you or anything like that. I'm just trying to be honest with you.
Oh, you're not depress me already enough.
Because it's not a question of having that amount of money.
It's a question of whether it's discretionary funds because you're, you know, with a girlfriend,
you're going to have a wife and a family and you're going to have responsibilities and you're not going to be able to go and unless you're an idiot.
I mean, I'm an idiot for getting that far behind, but nevertheless it was a miracle.
See, when you make a comeback like that, you feel like you've won $10 million.
Mm-hmm.
And on the $5 machine, that's the most to everyone on the line.
I've hit the $5,000 on the wheel many times, about 15 times, but I've never hit it on the line like that.
That's just a beautiful thing.
And now all these idiots are coming around looking at the machine and going,
oh, look at that.
Oh, why is he lucky?
Yeah.
Like that.
And of course they act like I just put a $20 bill in there and immediately got five ran online.
Is it what they're thinking?
Including this one Indian guy with a really bad hair piece who's just a crazy person and he's flapping his arms like a chicken.
I'm a, I'm a, I'm a, I've heard that machine.
I think about going to a casino man.
You sure see, it's like going to the racetrack.
You sure see a lot of real interesting people of all sizes, shapes, kinds.
You know what I mean?
What?
Nobody can relate to your situation there.
What does that mean?
You're a rich guy.
No, that's, that's what I'm talking about.
And I just said one thing about when you go to the casino or the racetrack, whether you're richer,
whether you're playing penny slots or $2 to show, either a wide variety of all kinds of people,
beautiful people, gross people, smelly people, all, it's just an amazing popo ray of humanity.
This is a fact.
Oh, that's what I said.
Well, you weren't paying any attention because you find it very determined.
Okay, that's the end of that story.
I'm going to put it forward to my several barrels of oil.
Oh, right.
You kid.
You can't.
No.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQAM, we got the jerk show at 2 with some more heat to the stance.
Oh, God, I can't wait for that.
An ad dog got Augusted 4, till 6.30 or 6.50, and then 6.50 December got the shortest show in radio.
10 minutes of first pitch with Jesse Erie, the Marlon pregame report.
They won again last night.
All right.
And then Hurricane Hotline at 7.
High school Grinline report at 8.
And then the VHU after all that causes a ride from 9 to midnight.
Well, he follows some really deadly stuff on Thursdays.
I touched your gut.
All right.
Slow down, I see a cop about to make the traffic stop.
I've got the high spastic bag.
Can't let him see I'm smoking to be.
I'm smoking to be.
Hello officer, did I turn wrong?
No, that's definitely not my phone.
Ain't there's some reason to be free?
All I was doing was smoking to be.
I got lots of records, but not with the police.
I'm high as a kid and I've got the munchies.
Let's go to Dunkin' Donuts.
So say can we please?
That's what you get in the smoke in to be.
I'm smoking to be.
1018 at 560 W2A.
Let's take a look at that pole if we can if we must.
880 votes on it.
So you're going to go over 1000 pretty early then we can switch over to the one for tomorrow.
Thanks to your close personal friend Charlie Begear, we got a whole bunch of poles.
In the bird boy Charlie, he just needed to refresh his batteries.
Sure, it's like I did this with this backup thing here.
It's backing up.
It's got pretty lights on it.
Yeah, what you think?
You aren't.
Would you like to be for a day?
You never added by the way sexy on there with shame on it.
Sure did.
Where is it?
I don't know, but I added it.
You did, huh?
I remember adding it.
Yeah, I added to the pole for later.
Oh, that's nice.
There was already a pole under construction.
You added to the pole for later?
Well, that's what happens when there's already a pole, you know, a bridge.
Oh, Jesus, God.
Well, whatever.
What that you want, would you like to be for a day?
Rich for 88.
Then you could go lose your money if they are casino.
That's right.
Plenty of guts out.
Female 139.
Young 137.
Uncut 28.
Black 24.
Gay 14.
Jewish 11.
Oy!
Male 11.
Latin 9.
Old 5.
Straight 5.
Circumcised 4.
So uncut 28.
Circumcised.
Solomantic Quentral.
I see.
White 3 and Anglo only 2.
I mean, who wants to be an Anglo?
It's so boring here for one day.
Right?
I guess.
Guess who died.
Got two deaths.
Well, let me give you the one that nobody ever heard of.
Firstly cited.
Okay?
Stanley Camel.
Camel?
Never heard of it.
I walk a mile per camel.
Well known for playing Dr. Charles Krugger on the USA hit series Monk has died.
You were here with Monk?
Yeah, it's good, son.
Oh, well, he was on it.
Not anymore.
Camel was found dead in his Hollywood home on Tuesday.
He was 65.
Caused that unknown.
An statement released to Wax's Hollywood USA Network said USA is deeply said by the news of
Stanley Camel's passing.
Stanley was an amazingly talented and extremely kind man.
An important member of the USA family will be sorely missed.
An statement is represented.
An actor said that Stanley Camel was found dead in his Hollywood Hills home on Tuesday by
his long-time agents and friends.
Caused that death is unknown.
Survived by his brothers and blah, blah, blah.
He appeared in numerous TV roles over the past three decades, including the West Wing,
six feet under.
Melrose placed the golden girls' days of our lives in Murder One.
Pop culture fans will remember Camel from his eight episode arc in 1995 on Beverly Hills 902,
1-0 as Tony Marcetti, the father of Rebecca Gayhart's character.
Remember him now?
No.
No.
He was the wife.
How about you, Chris?
I know him because of Monk.
That's about it.
But what?
That's about it.
And guess who else died?
I give up.
Sadella Booker, mother of Jamaica's reggae legend Bob Marley.
Right today it was Hank Aaron's mother who died yesterday, the day before.
And now, Bob Marley, everybody's mom is dying.
Dior Joni wishes that his could be next.
Sadella Booker died in her sleep Tuesday in her home in Miami at age 81.
Mrs. Booker was the matriarch of movement so powerful that the mystical qualities of the Marley musical
legacy remain strong and potent to make information minister Olivia Green said,
I don't want to say it was all about drum.
Yeah, I'm on.
Because that would be bad, all about weed.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Oh, go ahead, say it.
Well, I just did.
Because if you take away the weed, I mean, there ain't no music there.
Oh, my diamonds have that one.
Oh, that's one love, yeah.
Everything's suckling.
You're looking original.
This is one of our favorites that he's due, Richard.
I like her version better than Beverly Hills 902.
Jimmy Hanna.
So close.
What are our favorite songs?
Dior Joni, something morning.
I saw a few jokes at night.
Oh, great.
Okay.
After Noh Romali died in 1955, Booker married an American man and settled in Delaware.
She wrote two biographies of her famous son and recorded two albums,
A Wake Zion and Smiley Island song.
A Wake Zion.
Oh, Halle, Looeya.
Right?
Yeah.
Great.
When you can that crap,
she was a star on her own right to make a Prime Minister Bruce Golding,
seven-in-a-stayman.
Her life was one of hardship, struggle, and eventual fulfillment.
And she would all see a student hope strike in confidence.
Everyone in St. Anne's parish, New Booker, is Mama B,
said Harry Shivnani, a family friend and GM of Bob Marley's Masalim.
I didn't know he had a Masalim, did you?
Well, there you go.
No, I didn't know.
She loved cooking Shivani, and now he said,
Mama would make you the best pudding ever.
Oh, my.
Well, there's that hot blonde on the CNN.
Robert Lala, a comeness for the Jamaica Gleaner,
interviewed Booker in February while she celebrated her son's birthday.
Robert Lala.
She was a typical Jamaican grandma, he said she was very warm and very friendly.
Booker was survived by two children and several grandchildren, including Ziggy Marley,
who won four Grammys and with the Emility Maker, a brand that included brothers,
Steven and Sister Sherrin and Sadella.
Funeral arrangements have not been announced, but I'm sure everybody in the audience will want to be in the audience.
They're to grief for Grandma Marley.
Yeah, I'm on.
Okay, it's not a black belt.
They're all through playing that garbage.
Jettling.
They're jammed jam on it.
I have.
What's that apart?
You have to be stoned, listen to his music.
Try it.
All right.
All right.
It is stoned.
Okay, great.
I know everybody out there.
All the guys they love Bob Marley, and it's like I said, it's a drug thing.
It's a drug thing.
If it weren't for the Wii, we would buy one of his records ever in history.
You'll miss all your credibility with that boy band crowd.
Hey, I didn't make any bones about a thing.
Four days.
This is what I liked.
Those are bones.
Well, Katie Kerg's days at CBS could be numbered.
How do you like that maybe in small numbers like yeah, that's right
Buffeted by two years of pitiful ratings. Oh, I love it
Not that I couldn't have told him you know for free. They didn't need any consult consultation fee nothing
I couldn't told him no way baby. She is gonna be a bomb. She is gonna blow
Buffeted by two years of pitiful ratings the first female solo anchor of network news catch is likely to split from the station
Zulea is next winner the Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday night. Of course CBS isn't a station
But then again, that's what they say here on what is the the New York Daily News and New York newspaper baby
Daily news one of the major market in the country
Split from the station not the station from the network you morons you idiots at the New York Daily News
But cheery courage 51 replace the iconic damn rather. That's how we have to have an adjective for everybody
Yes
As CBS evening news anchor makes 15 million year her records setting five year contract stretches to
2011 but just two years after she vowed to bring a new style to the stargie evening news did anyone say
Perky correct could be ready to throw in the typewriter and the towel
Journal reports that she could leave CBS soon after new president sworn in next January. That's not soon enough
CBS denied the journal's story which cited unnamed CBS news execs and unidentified people close to Katie
We have no plans for any changes a CBS statement said
TV news inside is speculated that the talk of a courier gas
It was an effort for her camp to force CBS and to a contract conversation that hasn't yet occurred
Perhaps with the view toward moving her to 60 minutes. They've already got 85 other people on air should get lost good
The much hyped arrival of courier a long time
Host of rival NBC's top rated today morning showed you a huge audiences to CBS evening news for a couple of weeks
Actorship to cover in September 2006. She promised to bring a softer touch to the broadcast including longer feature stories
In depth interviews and a chatty approach
But the retool show quickly lost all the viewers and plenty of the old ones too
It plans to the bottom of a three-way network news rating race and has stayed there ever since it plans to the bottom like I like a boulder in the ocean
It plans to the bottom just like Joel Feinberg and has stayed there ever since
My dear biggest name
Joel
You know, I just spoke like the 5.62 am me
Later oh my god your breasts are beautiful
This is the situation room
Hidden for the vacationing wolf litter the newest addition to the best news team on television
Gildy go
Hi
This is the situation room
But we got hit in the wide variety of situations
Well, let's go now to a situation correspondent Tim bow
Hi, a bow hey there little dude. We got a situation. What's the situation? Well, it's not a groovy situation
It's more like a situation sure is it a sports related situation? Well, that's the situation
It's the best to be
The best stand those team anywhere in the universe
Well, it's a good thing we got a room for this a restroom no situation room man
We'll be right back after this five-minute block of pharmaceutical and big oil and
corporate is your friend
1032 boy we sure miss him though in the squeak master
We love your panthers they didn't make it again. Yeah, they didn't make the playoffs again for the 8 minutes year in a row
They really needed that arena like a locking club
Oh, but it's right near your house near us. We're a club. Yeah, right
Oh
About three four months ago when I went to a game last game. I've run to in a long time
panzer game
Then we sat in our seats. We said I've had those seats from the inception and
I don't recognize I think they'd be one or two people
In our section anywhere just all different faces. Okay. I mean the empty seats looked the same they were green
But all different faces because you know after one of people say fat enough with us already
It's like going to a restaurant that you keep waiting for the food to improve because it's you know
It's up the block from your house and people are rather you know decent and friendly or whatever
Music is too loud and you keep going back and then finally you say I don't think so no more
Especially when it's overpriced like that guy said on Joe show it overpriced we can't afford it our salary
Well speaking the salary's been cutting half see for Chris's benefit
One thing you have to understand is I'm getting this out of my system now this year because starting next January
I won't have the disposable kind of income. I've had it last many years. Oh, dispose of it
Yeah, that's right. So I'm gonna dispose of it right now before they dispose of me. That's right
Because you know some of us are gonna be here a long time. It looks like now looks pretty official
I don't know what I'm supposed to announce it on the air or what the deal is
We're gonna have like some big press release and billboards
Rogers and crew are resigning for five more years on QA and and then of course if we took calls
We'll thank God we don't you know exactly what would be coming in oh you've got to go over to serious Neil
You got to go to serious you need to be nationwide or yeah, or then I get like those emails from that moron fat boy
He is such a jerk. There are no words of his cry. We just jerk his sufficient for now. Oh, I can't wait to say yeah
W. I. N. Z. Well, first of all, I'm not gonna be on W. I. N. Z. I'm not working for a clear channel
They never offered me a dime. That's what they offered me not a dime even Chris is making more than what they offered me
Nothing zippity-dooday they talk a good game. Oh, and they're so interested and don't do anything yet
They are garbage
Why why would anybody assume they want to pay real talent any money to work for them?
I mean they're the champions of doing the radio what there has been done last several years
And that is putting on syndicated crap on all their stations opening up a pot and putting and going the cheap route
They don't want to pay any talent or develop any real talent
That's not cheap tent. Let's not the way they do stuff
Then they put a guy like footsie on there to do a talk show in iod my god with his best hamburger. Oh my god
So in addition to which he never sold a show when he we worked at iod together
He never sold a show when he was on this station and my buddy something in i.n. Z
You know that's just fishing around fishing around oh the room is oh
So we can flap his big fat armpits and you know make a clown row
So some people want to be clowns and i'm saying yep like him
He uses his fat as like a prop for his clown. This course. It'll be a proper is death soon, but that's beside the point
Always have to be the clown and the yintern running around talking crap
That's one thing with salespeople if you notice it seems to run as part of a run run
Think it runs to the rest of the sales family they all run around talking crap gossiping yet
They're all the intas even the glium are intas
You're telling me that Gary Sarner is still there
Yeah, that's the way chef boy. I sure open the food comes in and they there's something trayf
You sneak it into his lunch so we can burn in hell forever for eternity if anybody deserves it
Wait till you're this story this is disgusting and i'm doing it early enough before lunchtime
So don't blame me for ruining your appetite, but if i do it's the public service
The daughter of a woman in Charlestown, West Virginia
Made a gruesome discovery while going through a bedroom closet after she died
Decomposing body of another woman rac can plastic blankets in the sleeping bag
The Jefferson County Sheriff Department is trying to identify the corpse found April turtiday after beechers
Suffer to stroke outside her home and hit her head she died on the way to hospital the next day
The daughter and her husband called police after being overwhelmed by the smell coming from the closet
Sargent rs cell said yesterday he found the body of an elderly woman wrapped in layers on the closet floor
The body appeared to have been there for a while
While the most hot safe turned up no evidence of foul play that that has been treated as suspicious
Just to follow a Roman no foul play. Can you even imagine I don't know
Talk about the sights and smells of the casino
Hmm somebody died in here
The DNA samples were taken from the body in an attempt to identify the remains it could be several weeks before lab results are available
Cell said another woman had lived with magahabah family members hadn't seen her for a year or two while she was hanging out in the closet
The couple told cell that whenever they visited magahabah she wouldn't allow them inside her home about 15 miles south of
Martinsburg. Oh don't come inside. It stinks bad in there. There's a dead stiff in the closet
Oh
Nothing like being stiff in the closet. I guess he was
Let's take a look at that pool. I don't want that thousand to creep up on us. Then I'm not looking you know I
As if it's important stuff man
Get her done get her done. There's that spot with the Danny Boyd and put your system get her done. Oh god
just
What is it like a badge of honor to be kind of red necking?
Is that the new deal get her done get her done? Is that it that's a miracle red that's it
Get her done
99 votes on the pool if you could be
For a day something that you aren't now. What would that be rich?
508 then they could join me at woodbine plunger guts out have a hell of a time
Female 142 or maybe they just call up Elliott Spitzer and get some good phone numbers
Young 137 uncut 28 black 26
Gay 15 jewish 11 male 11 Latin Latino 9
circumcised 5 old 5 straight 5 white 4 anglo 2 and 60 we finally got it on there. So let me take Uno
Finally got the job done. Oh, not get her done now. We got two out of nine 12
You'll be over a thousand by like go. I don't know 11 30 something to me and then we'll get her done
Move on to the next pool
Where's the best hamburger in town man
Wouldn't you be embarrassed to do that? I mean I'd be embarrassed to do a lot of things. He's doing
You mean luck to show in general. Yeah, by the way every time you mention footsy show duck like starts to and cartwheels and
Goes on really all way and does a dump in the hall
I don't understand because he likes them or because he said that we're showing the history of the life
Well, you're the one that listens to talks about it
What you're the only one that listens to it. I'm trying look
I'm not one of those people that's worried about competition. I like I like
Everybody. Yeah, that's that's an honest statement
Wouldn't you be right back worried about her competition for him
From anybody right then we're talking about it. Oh gee they're putting so and so they're gonna put
Kevin Rogers on here across the street whoever the hell line is
Who the hell gives a craft just another stupid ass sports show for Christ's sake
I wonder how those other those other 25 sports station they're doing so far. You think they got a oh point
Oh, I don't know. I didn't well. Then when did they change few weeks ago? Three weeks ago? Something like that
So next trend will start seeing those big numbers for WFTL whether it's 18 different. I still don't understand that
There are at least three maybe four stations in South Florida. They're now all the same color
There's WFTL so when you look at that point five that got in the ratings in the last trend you've got to realize that's a combination of all the different frequencies
They got it's just it's not kosher if he acts me go. I scary sarner if it's kosher right
Army cadets learning about Islam look at that last trink will environment
Why do we cover why is the most in woman cover the Jersey City experience is the first time we cover because you're grotesquen but ugly
Are welcome
You're in today
Can't wait home, can't wait
Your brain was wired up
Can't wait home, can't wait
Fuck it in
It challenges the lady of stars
We're trying to kill the lady of stars
It turns out in as the talent is gone
The sounds I say don't matter where you are
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
The library you can talk with, take it to the end
They don't necessarily like the moment I'll explain
And find a way for thousands of hours as a fan
And they'll wait, try and check it, you'll show them it on the end
Right, oh, yeah
Not to miss one friend
Your channel killed the lady of stars
We're trying to kill the lady of stars
We're trying to kill the lady of stars
We're trying to kill the lady of stars
We're trying to kill the lady of stars
10.45, they are butchers make no mistake about that
So look at it right side, George
We're not going to be working for a bunch of butchers
Well, see, sometimes, you know, the grass-let's screener on the other side
But sometimes always better to pick the poison that you're familiar with
The W-Dow
That's right, pick the W-Dow
As opposed to the W-Dow-No
And they're the ones with all the syndicated crap
They ruined the music, of course, on the citizens of stations all across the country
They ruined concert business all across the country
And they ruined talk radio too
And in this market, take a look at the swill they have on the ear
Swill, garbige
So look on the bright side
I don't know what they did for you, but look on the bright side
Well, no, the bright side is we're going to be employed for another five and a half
Two thirds of it
It's certainly a good thing
Well, it's better than being out in the beach, I'll take you that
Ask Chris, he'll tell you
Well, you're a perfect example of it
You're working for like Nichols and Dimes
But at least it's better than being S-O-L
That is correct
Better than sitting up on a street corner
They're over there by the sub-center
It's better than changing Mr.
Have a nice day, eh?
You can come up here and learn
You can watch the, uh, homeless, the experts
You can get your own franchise
You know, I've been here six and a half years
Yeah
And there are still many of the same homeless and the same locations
You mean they haven't been promoted yet?
No, they still got the same location
They must still be pinned the same low rent
Well, the one good thing though is that they recognize you and they realize that you're not going to give them a dime
It's not that I'm cheap, I just, it's one of those things
You can't get started with that because once you do, uh, you're giving it all away to these slime balls
I can understand homeless people who are down in their luck
It's a very sad thing
I can't understand young homeless guys for example
Who could go out and get a job and there's plenty of jobs
And do something, even it was scrubbing toilets, anything, right?
Right
No self respect, just looking for a freaking hand out
That's right, paintbombs
Hahaha
Oh!
There's one, well there are many words to describe you, but relentless is a good word for you
I've only ever had that opinion about bums
My whole life, I've been working since I was 14
Don't miss the chances that the triple crown contenders battle it out
And Gulfstein Park's final stakes race before the Kentucky Derby
As they present the $150,000 holy bull stakes
The Saturday April 12th
Now how come I'm doing this spot?
You see what I'm saying about this whole deal?
You better get a hold of free and at the Steve Sloan guy
And give them a little lecture on what this is all about the way it works
You know what I'm saying?
Right
You know what I'm talking about don't you?
No, they don't get it, they're uninvolved
Like you said before the show today, it's like we don't exist
Although part of the deal is Joe Bell is going to work feverishly with a sales department
To re-up the effort on the I.O.
In that category
Because like you say, if you don't exist, why would anybody sell your show?
Why would anybody promote your show? Why would anybody do anything?
Even though these guys are making some kind of a half-assed effort
It's not fast or slow, it's half-assed
9.20 in your pull, you're slowing down to a crawl, Chris
Not good
Look at that 32
And now that sexy is on air, it's got four votes
That should be zoom in up, who the hell wouldn't want to be sexy for one day?
Look really great, look hotter and hell, just for a day
Take that day, hopefully on a weekend, you know
On a day when you hear, although not necessarily Sunday, because the religion is stuff there
You know we have all those real guest views in our audience, not like my neighbor across the street
That clown
Oh, I get so excited Saturdays, I have a hard time sleeping at night
Because I know the next day I'm going to church
Have you ever heard anybody in your life say anything so blatantly ridiculous?
I was a board again for many years and I hugged with them
But even then I have not ever
No, that's the only thing, I mean I know there's a lot of real fanatics out there
You know the ones with the dark eyes who look like they're the eyes sunken into the head
You know what I'm talking about? I don't know why they get that way, but they're really good
I don't know, lack of protein
Is that it?
Yeah, I'm suffering from a lack of protein leave, I'm going to have to work on it like you always tell me
I agree
Senator John McCain defending his recent troubles differentiating between the two major branches of Islam suggested yesterday
That the terror network al-Qaeda encompasses both Sunni and Shia
Oh my god
He don't know his Shiite baby, I'm going to tell you that right now
When asked by a Fox News host about recent gas in which he confused Sunnis and Shiites
They presented GOP presidential nominee smiled, shook his hand and replied
I've been to Iraq eight times, I know the leaders, I know the situation on the ground
I know that Sunni and al-Qaeda are closely tied
The question I was asking and the question needs to be answered is
How widespread is al-Qaeda's influence in the region as well as in Iraq?
I believe that al-Qaeda does a lot of things became continued, including with organizations and parts of the population that are not necessarily just Sunni, McCain didn't elaborate
Al-Qaeda is a decidedly Sunni organization having been founded in 1988 by an alliance of Sunni militant groups around the world
Iraq and Iran in particular on the other hand, predominantly Shiite nations
Sunniism and Shiism are ancient and distinct denominations of Islam, they hate each other like poison
Like the Catholics and the Appronisants
Some are concerned that the hawkish McCain-Avoah's syphor supporter of the war on terror, whatever that is, is unable to run willing to throw to discern whom it is allied forces are battling
Less than a month ago, while visiting Jordan with Senator Jew Lieberman, McCain said several times that Iran was supplying al-Qaeda prompting Lieberman to correct him on camera whisper in his rear
Just in the last week, McCain has mistreated details of the ceasefire and buzz ran again confused Sunni's and Shiites
Al-Qaeda during a cent hearing with the US Commander of Allied Forces, General David betrays
I guess, like I said, McCain just don't know his Shiite
He had a clue what's going on, he's a senior old coup for cryout, but the media don't want to tell you that because that would be very... wow, wouldn't be good for business
To give an honest opinion like that, you know what I mean?
Yep
Just so it's not good for business to knock religion
Oh my God, showing the cadets there getting brainwashed about Muslim Islam
Yeah, it's just there
It's why?
It's just that, they're the only ones that are fanatics who kill the name of religion
Right, thank God the Catholics never did that
Right, the religion is when their God told them to kill everybody
Kill all your enemies, every damn one of them, don't leave one around, they might multiply
All the religions of the world, except the cross to the Dalai Lama, who's now running around doing his billow routine telling people to shut up, SHUT UP!
Don't make trouble here, shut up
And all that business about the Olympic torch, I mean, does anybody really care?
I don't
I mean, granted the Chinese have got many issues, claim this being one of them
But they've got some very serious issues on human rights, they don't believe in human rights
There are a bunch of Akami Pinkle aimed at a Tariya dictatorship, which wouldn't be doing that with them
Correct, but yeah, we do business with them because they got all of our loans, they got all our money
Right, right
So we do business, they got made us an offer, we can't refuse, and we don't, and we continue to do business
And all the rest of it is just a dog and pony show
So let's start making trouble, okay? We like to change this fine, alright?
If they pull the plug on us, we're all going to be bankrupt
And then that guy won't be able to go to any ballgame, because there won't be any
They got a call at the end of Joe's show, they're making excuses again for the South Florida crowd, for the so-called South Florida sports fan
Oh, we love their hurricane, they're really great, you know, when they're playing one of them girls' teams, they got like 15,000 people in the orange bowl, which in the past, when it wasn't orange bowl, how are they doing?
Are they tearing that down yet or what?
Uh, yeah, actually I think there was even a fire there recently
That didn't answer my question, but that's two
Yeah, I think toward down there was, I believe like in the rubble or whatever, a fire started or something
Oh good, might have dropped, burn it out
Maybe Jeff Cohen is just supervising the demolition
How's he doing, by the way, is he still alive?
Yeah, he's fine
You see him, you're going there for a freebie every now and then?
Every now and then, I think you like the rumors, although you don't have the whisper that they did
Oh no, that's where you're wrong, I throw parties, I show up with 20-30 people
They moved across the street just so they could go in there and be free, I mean that's really something
Well only going there once a month, but I bring a throng in with me when I go
Do you really?
Yeah, I take the whole side of the building
No, I'm not joking, I throw a couple of parties there for the Derby Girls
For the Derby Girls?
Yeah, the Broward County Derby Girls
Oh, I see, Roller Derby
That's right, that's right
Well you are becoming, I don't know what the word is
Oh, becoming what?
Getting back to my life, going back to doing the things that I enjoyed doing like roller skating in the world
No, I don't be graduating, God damn it
I don't know, I kind of don't know something, I don't know
What?
Yeah, one of those TV characters
I don't understand those goofalls
Oh, well I'm always going to be a good ball, I don't understand
I don't know the language and I just don't get involved
I'm doing things, I'm not there doing things, you know
I'm doing things, I enjoy do-do, baby do-do
I don't get up at 5 in the morning, I do do-do, you know what, I would
If I could get a good deal on what I'm doing, I'd get up at 5 in the morning for it
What does that mean?
That's a little shot at Chris
Like we all have our hobbies
Oh, I see, friend, that crappy was giving me yesterday
Right
One thing about me, nobody tells me how to live my life
That's the one thing I mean, it's just-
No, all my life
What's not like you can't anyway, my life
Whatever the hell it was, nobody tells me how to run my life
Any of you people out there, if you're that much of a wimp that you let somebody else turn out around your life
Then you might as well be dead, you don't have a life
I have no life
You have somebody else manipulating you
Not that I'm not easily manipulated and led by the nose and do a lot of stupid things for other people
But that's only because I want to do it
If I don't want to do it, I would just say, I don't want to
That's all
It's a way to do it, live your own life, don't let other people make your decisions for you
Don't live your life to try to please the whole world
Oh gee, I like that thing with my wardrobe, you know, that A-hole
See, I'ma said, ask
Almost
Almost
I came pretty damn close, almost
I don't care if I walk around like a homeless person, well what do I care?
Am I trying to impress somebody?
Well, what difference does it make to me?
Is it no consequence to me?
Well, I'm going to impress, am I a sex spot?
Am I going to like, you know, what's the point?
I'm not saying you have to walk around in rags, but what difference does it make?
If I walk around in a burlap sack, maybe I'd be happy
Maybe I'll give it a shot this weekend
I'll take pictures, here's the old man in a burlap sack
Walk up and Cold down
You walk around with the bandrored
As MU- through a date, walk around with the bandrored
Going straight forward, right next year you know
Nobodyreaths a, any better
Who the best hundred- dumpedみたい
Is you fight fromкая在이� Tyr Affons
You hull the right
Pates so poor
twentieth房
artistic
Two to six feet, they have little wings and tails and even a captain.
A captain!
Please tell me this is your captain speaking.
That's what I have to say.
Each of our ground planes is equipped with emergency nitrous oxide masks.
So sit back and enjoy the view.
Wow, this car is for quick ants.
No, those are ants.
Oh, those ants look like flea.
Please tell me we just lost the right wing.
Oh my god!
Sorry!
Greyhound Airlines.
It's just like flying only without the flying.
And speed.
Flying without the flies.
It's 111-560 WQA.
I'm happy Thursday to you.
God, it's Thursday already.
Thank God!
As you get closer to death, boy, the days go fast and the hours and the weeks and months and all of a sudden, you're dead.
You say,
I'm tired of it here.
And that's it.
A couple of emails here on my Myspace, one from Jorge.
Not you, okay.
It says, all on the O'Love Your Show.
Are you ever going to put up some new picks on your NealRogges.com website, BradyQuinn, etc.?
That's a good question.
Are we going to put some new picks?
Yeah.
Now that we know we're staying for a while, okay.
Also, I have a major beef with these people who put these roadside memorials up.
Have you seen 595 Westbound?
Pitiful.
Like we need to see pictured where little Johnny slain into the wall.
Tell these A-holes to take that crap to the cemetery or create a shrine in their backyard or something.
That's a good point.
See, this is the public's mentality.
Like people that literally open a window in the car and throw all the garbage on the streets.
This is the mentality of people.
They outdoors is their playground.
It's their personal morning place.
It's their garbage dump.
It's whatever it is.
It says, sorry, I usually call you once a year, but in the end of your program, change which I like because the car is really blow for the most part.
I can get my phone on my space.
They say, take care of what it says.
And it also says, PS would love a wood-bind money-com meter on your website.
That will be the day like Buddy Holly said, right.
That he had been like Chelsea would say, plenty of business.
So thanks for, hey, whoever you are.
Then here's another one.
Watch Dan LaBaster to get the story by Jade Billis.
Bill asks, who is that, Chris?
Uh, he has a pen, guy.
No.
Well, I don't really, uh, I mean, this got a link on it.
And then it also says, from Jeremy, PS George is the worst.
So there's one of your fans.
Maybe I'll come and see it tomorrow at Gullstream.
George.
Sorry, I'm on the phone canceling the credit card.
Okay, I'm done.
He said, PS George is the worst.
Oh, haha.
950 votes on the poll.
Well, we're getting slowly toward that thousand.
I don't know what's going on.
I think I turned him off with that wood-bind story at the start.
I wanted to get out of the way at the beginning.
I think it was worth telling.
It was kind of like an adventure.
Well, it's a good story, but, you know, some of us wish we could relate.
Don't you understand if you take off some of the zeros, for example?
Let's say that's...
No, listen, suppose it was those in 300, and that was a lot of money to do.
And all of a sudden you hit 500 on the line on the dollar machine.
That would have been a great comeback.
You got to spin for 500.
I mean, we must have some slots people there for crying out loud.
When I went to Pompato and I went to a hard rock, there were...
So you were on vacation, you never did hear the deal.
No.
I didn't get to Gullstream because I would have loved to have gone.
And I had the invite there for Christine Lease, but it was Florida Derby Weekend.
The place was just jam-packed.
And it's not my kind of scene.
I don't like going in huge crowds fighting the parking, fighting everything, you know?
So I didn't go.
When to Pompato, they got a great deal.
It's a beautiful facility, by the way, to Christine Lease, Pompato, beautiful, Chrissitz-Gran-Spank-A-New.
But the selection of machines blows.
They don't pay their time in a sneered rum.
Their idea, in fact, the whole idea...
You know, you tell me Gullstream's got real wheel of fortune.
I hope you're right. I hope they're the real ones.
Oh, I don't know any other kind.
They had different denominations. They're big.
They say wheel of fortune.
Yeah.
Played it. They exist.
Played it.
They had a new unfortunately old dark.
Hard Rock, for example, airs on it.
Pompato's got a few real ones.
They're like four or five dollar ones and four or five quarter ones.
And then at Hard Rock, they got all these make-believe ones.
We got to play like 45 coins.
They're not real wheel of fortune. They're not the real game.
They're like a spin-off on it.
So anyway, I lost my answer, Pompato.
But they got Myron's Deli in there, a great restaurant.
In fact, I hear all the restaurants in there are very, very good.
Myron's was fabulous. I had cheese blisters that I could just die for.
They were that good.
Well, and then that was on Friday, I guess.
Then Saturday we went to Hard Rock.
I left on my guard because I'm always screaming.
I don't want to give me any of my money, which I really don't.
But I wanted to get in some of their money.
I was losing... I don't forget how much.
Had you been there before?
No. Hard Rock?
It's a gigantic.
It's not as glitzy as Pompato because it's not as brand new.
But the good thing is that they are changing over.
They still haven't changed over many of the old machines.
It's still like that bingo thing on them.
You got to play bingo.
I don't know what that is. I don't want any part of it.
How anybody ever played that is beyond me.
I don't know.
I still don't understand.
Neither.
Joke has to try to explain it to us that one time, I'm still confused.
Crazy.
Anyway, their machines pay much better.
At least my experience than once at Pompato.
I hit a few things here and here.
I was losing them.
Then they had this game that I found in Vancouver.
I told you about my slots I sport in Vancouver.
River Rock Casino.
Really neat place.
They got all the new machines.
The ones where the multiples are generally paid pretty good.
They got this called heehaw.
Which doesn't seem like my kind of thing.
I'd be a drag queen or a red nucky thing like that.
They got these screaming chickens.
And if you get three screaming chickens on your pool,
then you get the abonus thing.
Which you get 29 free spins.
Yeah.
The first chicken comes up and it goes.
And then the second one comes up and goes,
Ma-na-na-na, and just a little bit crazy.
And then if the third one comes up,
the chicken just scream and oil and yell.
And that means you get in the bonus round.
And you sit back and you watch in the banjo music plays.
Down, down, down, down, down, and you get 29 free spins.
Well anyway, I won 1,300 bucks on that machine.
Net.
That's what I won for the day at Hard Rock.
So needless to say, you're going to like wherever you win, right?
If you go somewhere like Montreal and the machines are tighter in the drum
and you lose your ass and you feel like you're just handing your money over,
you're not going to be too happy with that.
Which is the one thing I will say for wood buying with my almost four years now
or if I lose my ass there, is that at least you get some action for your money.
If you don't get any action, if you just sit there and feeding and feeding.
For example, at Poppano, I put 200 bucks in the first wheel of fortune machine,
dollar machine, I never got a spin, I got nothing.
And nobody else was getting anything either.
See, that's the one thing.
If you're just on the dead machine, I can understand that.
But if everybody else is just feeding and feeding and feeding,
what's the sense of sitting there giving away your money, right?
Let's get hurt.
So anyway, I like the Hard Rock.
It was fine.
They got a switch over there.
They're $5 room, by the way, blows really sad, very bad.
In fact, in there, they still haven't changed the work, I guess.
They still got a lot of the bingo machines in there.
First you got to play bingo, because it's Florida, and you're also supposed to be really old, like bingo.
I don't know how works, I don't know how works.
Here's the fact that it's got another pole, okay?
This is the new deal.
Not that I don't appreciate all the poles, but that's the new deal.
Pole suggestion.
Which of these do you find the most difficult to do?
Lie, cheat, steal, love, trust, listen, sympathize, hate or forgive.
That's not a bad point.
That's perfect.
What do you think, hey?
I think it's okay.
I think it's okay.
It's okay for very long.
Don't touch!
Oops.
What was that?
Okay.
That's what I'd like to say.
Oh, and I can go to that bank for again on this thing now.
Yeah.
I'm having work.
I'm having work.
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
Don't touch!
I don't get a right back about him.
Like that.
That's all stuff I've changed since then.
I don't care.
It's all right.
Well, yeah, because you haven't been in the possession of this 360.
No, you were there, and I was from Grand Youfiming, brought back.
Yeah, well.
No, you're going to take it to Augustim again tomorrow and say,
I will.
I will.
What, missing for days and days?
I'm bringing it back on Monday.
I'm not going to go on vacation again.
So that's the excuse.
I had it with me.
I went home.
I was going to be on vacation for a week.
If Josh Quortez wanted it, he could have picked it up.
He knows where I live.
He ain't going to make that kind of everything.
I understand that.
I don't blame him.
What do you mean by that?
I was moaning about it a lot and blaming you, or now Chris was blaming you.
Oh, George has got it even in the back.
I don't know why I live.
I'm right off the highway.
It's like a five-minute detour from the highway.
Representative Monique Davis, a Chicago Democrat and member of the Illinois legislature,
stepped egregiously over the line when she verbally attacked atheist activists Rob Sherman
for his religious unbelief during his testimony April 2nd.
But the House State Government Administration Committee says the Council for Secular Humanism.
Sherman had been testified before the committee that Illinois Governor Rod Blagogevitch's plan
to donate a million dollars tax dollars to Pilgrim Baptist Church in Chicago was unconstitutional
when Davis launched into a diet-propagance atheist asserting that atheists didn't have a right
to present testimony to the legislature.
Challenging Sherman, Davis wondered aloud, I don't know what you have against God.
Some of us don't have much against him.
We look forward to him and his blessings.
Affirming that the people of Illinois believe that there is a God, Davis went on to suggest
that the philosophy Sherman was spreading was extremely dangerous.
Are you dangerous atheists?
Are always killing people and stuff and making people an offer that can't refuse?
It's dangerous to the progression of this state and it's dangerous for our children
to even know that your philosophy exists, shouted Davis.
After Sherman thanked Davis for sharing her perspective with him, Davis shot back.
Get out of that seat.
You have no right to be here.
We believe in something.
You believe in destroying.
You believe in destroying what this state was built upon.
The Council for Secular Humanism is appalled by Davis's apparent belief
that atheists and other non-religious individuals are not in the title of the same rights
and liberties as other citizens.
But that's what the Getski's believe.
Ronald Lindsey directed the Council for Secular Humanism's first amendment
dance forces calling for Davis to resign.
In informing Sherman that he had no right to be there merely because he was an atheist,
Davis confirmed that she's now willing to be a representative of all her constituents
regardless of the religious beliefs Lindsey said.
She's unfit to serve in her office.
This is a representative to control the Jew or Hindu to get out of that seat
would be unfit to serve.
If she doesn't resign, the Illinois House has an obligation to expel her, he'd be saying.
Sherman, after being told repeatedly by Davis to get out of the seat because he was an atheist
committed, that he felt like Rosa Parks was also told to get out of that seat in the rest of
him when she didn't give up her seat on a bus to a white person.
The Council for Secular Humanism is a non-profit educational organization
promoting racial inquiry.
Secular value is posse in human development through the advancement of Secular Humanism.
Oh, Secular Humanism, we know about that.
They wish it at all.
They don't believe it.
They'll never mind that.
Only one protester tried to grab the torch.
We're back to the torch again, the Chinese and the torch babies can still
actively mean.
The leg grants the best out of two of his new projects.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
She's got the lowest ratings on the evening news.
Even the leg is free runs of the Hashi's loons.
C.B. as the second is her feeling sick.
Nobody is watching Kili correct.
They're always the shoes of Truder in the back.
But she quit the act because she's waiting in the back.
Then she wants to pass her head in with a break.
Nobody is watching Kili correct.
Kili kept me and said, oh, will you?
I'm living down the plateau and the top.
And then she wants to see never looked at the day show.
Because my baby and she did it all time low.
Fun sports, that's better than first-off pic.
Nobody is watching baby correct.
Kili, one new lady, Kili.
Future Shady, Kili.
One new chick.
Nobody is watching baby correct.
So you want it for people watching.
People ran in his hands and jia say.
She's meaning actually all of the jealousy.
She gives all of the crew diarrhea and stress.
Crazy little earring wearing Luna's neck.
Nobody is watching Kili correct.
They all look as Kili's ringing a bell.
Oh!
Man, I guess they wish they had their rabbit in the back.
Because they need a higher ticket, things all trash.
All they think is getting high, not out in the back.
Because nobody is watching baby correct.
She's going down my roof, I'm telling you.
No, no, wait, no.
Nobody's watching baby correct.
It's a disaster, baby, a master of disaster.
But then again, that's the nature of the business that we're in.
Broadcasting and general blows used to be something else, but now it blows.
1118 and 560 WQ.
And if any of them, what is it?
What is today better than it was say 10-20 years ago?
What today is better?
I don't know.
Technology.
Good choice.
There you go.
Technology, but what's on it?
That's the problem.
Like music.
Look at all the choices you got.
For music, the problem is the music itself.
Today blows.
You want proof?
Let me find someone here.
I'll find it.
All right, that's almost Christmas.
All right.
We just get started, baby.
I don't want to put that on there.
Who knows what the language is?
Be careful with his language.
We only got 400 dump buttons.
It's okay, yeah.
Okay.
Let's get off of that because the audience wants your horse racing.
They don't want to hear bad straight.
Let's get to the stuff that counts like George being a golf stadium tomorrow.
I wonder if lunch is gussing.
One of these days I'll figure out how to wheel things.
I want to know all the jargon, you know?
What's to figure out?
What do you mean what's to figure out?
I don't know if you know what it means.
We know the double.
Okay, let's say, let me, I mean this is terminal for the audience.
But let's say there's six horses in the second race.
Okay.
And you like the two horses in the first race.
Okay.
You want to bet the two in the daily double with all the horses in the second race.
Let's go ahead and be willing.
Bet the two in the daily double.
See, already lost me.
Now what's that?
You got to do that.
The daily double means you have to have the winners of both the first two races.
Okay.
Great.
Is the daily double.
Okay.
We usually pay is okay.
And let's both favorites come in.
All right.
So if you have the two with everybody in the second race, you wheel the two on top.
And that means that if the two wins, you've got the double.
And you hope for the longest shot on the board like last time.
We gave you the two on top.
And the lady there gave you the longest shot.
And the double paid 168 bucks.
And you had a zippity newt on it.
Because you don't listen.
Because you're a hard ass.
How many times did I told you this?
You both of you.
You and Chris both.
And it wasn't hard to be asked for some things that you know nothing about.
It didn't it didn't seek through my my stoner head for some reason when she said that.
Why?
Why not?
Because I'm a bird.
What's your idea?
What you have are there for.
The squeeze of boobies or something.
Look out.
Yeah.
Right.
I thought we knew each other.
Oh, come on.
Why she's a hottie?
Is that what you're telling me?
Yeah.
Oh.
Well, maybe you could have afforded to spend some time with her.
Maybe.
$10.
Right.
Exactly.
$10.
You got up.
What a loser.
She got up and left.
Yeah.
That's right.
We give it to you.
We handed to you on a silver platter.
I don't know.
I don't think that I don't want.
I don't want.
But never do I.
Like I said, when you're dealing with people who are immobile and intractable, you're not going
to make any progress.
That's you.
Oh, yeah.
That's right.
Oh, I'm just the opposite.
Oh, right.
Right.
What am I immobile and intractable about?
You've got bad habits that you will never change or break.
That's not being immobile and intractable.
That's the bad habits.
Yeah.
The habits are not the story.
Exactly.
What's the difference?
The difference is having things in your head, opinions that you think you gauge the war on based on what you think.
Yeah.
Being a weak person, and that's another story.
And you don't.
I don't want.
Have opinions that you're living on.
I wish I did.
I wish I was stronger, man.
I wish I had put my foot down and said, no more.
That's why I did Tuesday.
I got in that car and I took off.
I took off, man.
And I turned around and came back.
See?
Was it a mistake?
That habit.
That habit of what?
Like every few weeks I get in the car and I take off and head out to seek my fortune?
No.
That's what you don't do.
And what is that?
Follow it.
Listen.
Let me say it again.
Like I said last hour.
And you should know this after all these years.
One thing I don't permit is other people telling me how to live my life.
So what we're talking about.
You're a hard ass.
Just like me.
There are things you will not change.
Republican US presidential candidate John Insane McCain said yesterday he wouldn't rule out
launching preemptive wars against future enemies.
He never met a war he didn't like.
President George W.
and launching his 2003 invasion barracks said it was necessary to force all possible future
attacks from a country that was developing weapons of mass destruction which of course we
found out didn't exist and don't but nevertheless.
McCain was wrapped up his party's nomination for the run for the White House in November
as maintained support for the Iraq war and said frequently that he would rather lose an election than a war.
After these are warm-wounder you understand, don't be saying that.
Ed Schultz.
When asked about the town hall meeting about the Bush policy on preemption McCain said,
I don't think you can make a blanket statement about preemptive war because obviously it depends on the threat that the US faces.
After 9-11 attacks Bush approved a new national security strategy in 2002 that allowed the US to strike first
against US enemies believed to be about to use weapons of mass destruction against America.
The Dr. and Trigger are wide debate in criticism from the administration's critics at the time but in October 2002 speech
Bush made the case for invading a vaccine facing clear evidence of peril.
We cannot wait for the final proof the smoking gun that could come in the form of a mushroom cloud,
the same mushroom cloud that Condoleezza kept talking about, that bike.
That's silly as bitch.
McCain said the US President should consult more closely with members of Congress so the branches of government could act together if a threat were imminent.
In normal times as you see a looming threat I think you need to consult more closely and more carefully not with every member of Congress but certainly the leaders of Congress in saying McCain be saying.
In other words,
like that, that's him.
He don't know a Shiite about what's going on.
Larry says, here's the facts from Larry, good.
People like Chris don't understand when you were a slot player it's great when nobody is there just like you said when you go early in the morning.
You're not pressured by people standing over your shoulder plus some time when it places packets like being stuck on a plane in the middle seat
and whoever said that when you play car games blackjack those high rollers don't drop a bundle and don't recoup it.
Whatever that means, I don't know what that means.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't understand what it means but it's part of it anyway.
Thanks Larry, whatever you said.
When you go there and there's almost nobody there you can try the different machines and I don't care what anybody says any of these experts, any of these books.
Anybody that tells you there's no such thing as a hot machine or a cold machine is full of crap has never played.
No, they don't have that's like what's that like that's like people who never played a game a sporting event pretending to be experts.
I know a lot I know a lot about hockey but I've never I've never put on ice skates I've never skated my life so what kind of how can I be an expert on it?
I don't know you can pretend.
I pretend to be an expert said you could pretend but I don't like you mean like the people on these sports stations and pretend.
Oh my gosh yes it's hysterical.
Professional watchers.
And then again we got a lot of people who did play some of the games and they did where John Straffs and take naked showers together and then they pretend to be like a broadcast.
The best talent here is no projects.
Sportage of 5.62 am.
Big sports leader.
For a exploding ball.
Jumping down the hits with Casey Jason.
Hi I'm Casey Casey welcome back to our countdown of this week's top 20 ring tones.
We're up to our number one ring tone of the week but first our unlimited coast to coast long distance request and dedication.
It's from Jessica S.
She write my sister was quite lip-seeking on national TV.
At first she blamed her band and then her ass is re-flux whatever that is.
Anyway Casey since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one of the family could you play Green Day's American idiot for my sister Ashley?
Simon from Jessica to Ashley.
Here's your unlimited coast to coast long distance request and dedication.
That's American idiot from Jessica to Ashley.
Now on with the countdown.
Casey's coast to coast.
But first let's recap our top three ring tones.
Number three.
Coming at it number three.
Rondo, electric by Mozart.
At number two that tune that sounds like heart and soul but isn't.
And now this week's number one ring tone.
Number one.
For the third week in a row.
Walsh of the flowers.
There you have it.
The top 20 ring tones in America is calculated by phone bill board magazine to win it again next week.
And we'll let's again count down America's top 20 ring tones.
I'm Casey Casey saying keep your volume turned off and keep reaching for four bars.
You know what they all be screaming if you had that Walsh of the flowers as you ring tone.
You're fairly.
Number 32 at 560 WKM we got the jerk show come up with the two of planks for those of you who are heat intensive.
How could anybody be heat intensive when you come right now unless of course they like laying out on the beach.
Like that.
So we're all set for Gulf steam tomorrow.
You're going to have to do the whole four hours.
That's right.
And I hope that some different people come out and see you.
Well they can't be any different.
Or than the one you're like that.
Oh, I mean, I think I'm from human.
Yeah, I mean other than the usual chronic shmageg you we have the unusual chronics.
There's a question.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Somebody needs to corral them.
They were the butterfly that would take them out behind like an install.
Oh man.
Where the horses are.
And they after they run through all the horse manure and the hey then just beat this.
It's not out there.
They could be dragged from behind one of those horses.
That'd be beautiful.
Oh, they'd be great.
Oh yeah.
Drawing and painting.
I've paid it away a lot.
Everything I got.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I can just see it now.
93 on Chris's pole.
He's working hard to get to that thousand.
Not easy though today.
No, pole will get there.
I thought it'd be nice.
I don't know why.
Why?
Pretty soon we got pace off coming up.
It's the snowbirds are leaving.
The sun is shining here, man.
Yesterday was like 63 degrees.
Windy, not exactly warm.
And today it's going to be like 50 or 6 I believe.
Not bad.
You're thinking 56.
That's freezing.
No, I don't think so.
Wouldn't you probably would like a break?
Wouldn't you like a little springtime weather?
You know I would.
Get the word jacket.
Sunny and like right now.
Oh, not this kind of a break.
Not only 41, but it's going to be 56 this afternoon.
Sunny baby.
No rain, no snow, no freezing rain or a sleet.
No mixed bag of crap of goodies.
All the snow is going.
All the snow and ice is melted.
It's all gone.
And once it's gone, yeah, we hope.
I can't believe it.
It's almost noon, man.
And we got our deal today.
We got meals deal at noon.
I sure hope we sell these out last week.
We did phenomenally well.
Remember that Chris?
We sold out hundreds of certificates for loose seals in 29 minutes.
That's great.
Shocking.
As opposed to some people who don't sell them out like in 29 weeks,
but that's, you know, different audiences for different causes, different things.
Some people want to save all their money to buy tickets to sporting events so they don't want to go to restaurants.
They want to get like a burger with the evolve park.
Forget a weenie with the evolve park, which used to be years ago.
That's where you got the best weenies at the baseball park.
Always.
I'll take your word for it.
But not at the Marlins joint.
Oh, fat.
The food there is to...
And the panthers, my god, if the price of the food there got any more expensive,
you have to bring 500 bucks just to eat.
If it was good, you might not be so offensive, but it's not.
You think it ought to be good for that price, but it's not.
Alan Cohen, man, you are a one-man demolition crew.
What you've done to that organization, even ween couldn't do what you're doing.
At least with ween, we had a world series with a Marlins real fast.
We had the one good one with the panthers with the ear of the rat.
We had Danny Boyle with the dolphins a hundred years ago.
Was that before or after Wayne?
Now was that with Wayne, right Chris?
Which one?
Danny Boyle.
Yeah, I believe he was there with Wayne.
Yeah, he was.
Because he's the one that brought in Shula.
Or a natural one.
He brought in Shula.
You sure know your football, Mr. Winshier Show's starting.
He got rid of Shula and brought in Jimmy Johnson.
What's Jimmy Johnson got to do with Danny Boyle?
Well, Jimmy Shula was the coach when Danny Boyle was playing the last I recall.
Maybe I guess the Danny Boyle was still there, but he and Jimmy didn't get along to him.
I remember that.
They didn't see I to fly.
And then it was Wantsh that who was his first year got rid of him.
And every time they start the game, Danny would look at Jimmy and say,
let's get her done, get her done.
And the reason we know that Danny and Jimmy were there together is because we got...
Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy.
That, that's the, right?
Even George knows that.
Oh yeah.
I might have to play a couple of those, and that will be to a clock already.
Time for the heat stats, baby, from the last heat embarrassment.
Hey, they won the organization.
What?
They won their last game.
They won again?
Yup, it's 14 wins.
It's 14 wins, correct?
Woo!
Look at Jimmy.
He had a heavy duty.
I can smell it all the way up here.
They won again.
Who'd they play?
What?
Schoghain.
Oh, the bulls.
Wow.
I need you seven on your survey.
What, that you aren't?
Would you like to be for a day?
Rich.
Five, forty-six.
A female, one hundred fifty-five.
Maybe they'd like to have a man-gina.
Ooh.
Young one forty-five.
Uncut thirty-two.
Black twenty-seven.
Gay fifteen.
Sexy eleven.
Jewish eleven.
Male eleven.
Latin ten.
Or Latino.
Whatever you prefer.
Forget about George's hard ass attitude about that.
Yeah.
Let's use all the states.
Why would you put a stick on there?
That would have made you happy.
Why would you say all the words in Spanish?
Why just start to do what?
Straight.
Eight.
Six.
White.
Six.
Circumcised five.
So, uncut thirty-two and circumcised only five.
Old five and Anglo two and nine eighty-seven.
So, I guess, you know, most of the guys that are like, um...
Uncut are satisfied.
So to speak.
That was a plan on words.
They're happy with their penis.
But there are thirty-two guys on here who are...
Well, they want that sleeve, man, that I see how it's sleeve.
The one that talks about all the time.
They want to see how that goes.
Right.
Well, the majority, I assume, with the audience's cut.
So, obviously, there will be...
Have you know that?
You're doing a survey?
It's America.
Yeah.
Yeah, of course.
Of course.
Now, if we were doing the show in Europe, we're just the opposite.
Right.
You have to really search high and far and long to find somebody circumscribed in Europe.
Are you sure you have?
No, yeah.
Gentlemen, they tend to be like foreigners, like Americans, like an Amsterdam.
I could tell you some really great stories, but I won't...
Or like in Berlin, each being on Berlin, there's a lot of a foreskin in Germany.
Nine ninety-five.
That means you're going over a thousand after the break, Chris.
That we changed the poll.
Do you feel a sense of relief?
Oh, very.
Well, you better do it.
You better do it.
You're also getting a big pick.
I guess I forgot to tell Chris that.
You know.
I didn't think I could take any more pick.
It's all...
Well, it's only right since I'm taking that huge cut starting next January for the next 400 years.
I think you're going to have to make a little sacrifice for it.
I can't even keep going to the World Cup.
I can't even keep going to World Cup.
I didn't cut a single project.
I'm going to buy a 16-show.
I think.
For its leader.
What's up, man?
I'm a side-based person.
I'm not saying liquid.
Peter.
Yeah, we're in there.
Peter.
How you doing?
I'm all right, darling.
How you doing?
I'm not that manified, huh?
I got that manified.
Why'd you get fired at your hypocritical f***ing stupid man?
Why does manny crank all the station?
What is his problem?
Because he wants to.
Manny, I guess who this story is about.
I go up, Randy.
Where are we?
Guess again, yes.
Okay.
Reports are beginning to circulate that
Air America radio host Randy Rhodes is no longer affiliated with the station after it's suspended here.
Because of a video of her referring to Senator Swalloway Clinton as a whore.
But the station in Rhodes have yet to make any formal announcements and the host has been
gas-testing her show, and else the station would sack her ass.
Rhodes controversial statements to her Clinton and Geraldine Farah were videotape last month
during a fundraiser for San Francisco Progressive Radio Station, the program director of Green
960, John Scott, said yesterday it's our understanding that she's no longer an employee
of Air America.
Industry publication radio and records follow-up on Scott's comments today.
According to John Scott, PD of Clearyt channel, top KKGN San Francisco, suspended talker
Randy Rhodes and Air America network have parted a company as of yesterday.
And opposed to the on the station website, Scott says that on Monday, April 14, it'll be
our pleasure to announce to be Turner Randy Rhodes to the Green 960 family, whatever that
mean.
Rhodes was suspended indefinitely last week by Air America following the remarks she made
in appearance for KKGN, where she called both Swalloway and Geraldine Farahoa F.A.N. bitches.
I guess the truth will not sit you free.
Well, I will sit you free in one way, on the street.
And announcements expected from Air America about Rhodes departure today.
Air America didn't immediately respond to requests for comment and the details
from out in the host before the separation of the network remained murky.
Talks your host, Santa Seder, past the man of Shevets, who had been filling in for
Rhodes since her suspension, said he didn't think the station would have fired her.
I'd really be surprised if Air America fired Randy.
It would be extremely disappointed if that was the case.
Seder said an email to Ross Story.
My understanding was that she was returning from suspension within a day or two to say,
like that.
What do you think of that, huh?
Outrageous if it's true.
Hello.
Randy.
I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
You're daddy here, Meg.
You want to know something truthfully unhappy for you.
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my boat.
We're going out for a cruise.
Why are you happy for me?
Oh, boy.
Well, you know something I could say a lot of things, but then I'll just, I won't.
I got the normcat.
Look what she's got.
I don't know.
I know what she's got.
I'm sure she must have an agent when you think.
I imagine most people do.
I mean, like a real agent.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
This is Jim.
Love your show, Neil.
Love you.
Love you.
Yeah, it was a gem with his technical or unit.
I mean, it was pretty interesting stuff.
So we would hear.
Oh, all the time.
Yeah, you had to bring one of those puke bags to work with the stories that you'd hear.
And then of course that chair.
But that's another story.
I'm a woman.
I saw all the chair.
Sue me.
I got that in here.
Do you really?
I don't have that.
I think so.
I know it was on a car.
I put it in the nut that.
We have 999 votes.
We can't get to that thousand man.
You are really slipping.
This poll is going over like Halovie and Saudi Arabia.
I'm a woman.
I stand the chair.
I stand the chair.
So Sue me.
Two nights in a row though.
She's staying at two nights in a row.
Yeah, that was the issue.
No pun intended.
Still my 99.
You can't make a thousand, Mr. Abich.
Are they there?
What?
I think it's Eric.
He must have his foot on the brake like they did.
Like, I worked your Howard in the hitcher.
Remember in the...
Let my foot go, Eric.
Yeah, let our people vote.
What do you think this is?
Florida for Christ's sake.
Where people can't vote unless you decide.
Unless they're going to be far to the right.
I can't see nothing happening on there.
I keep refreshing it.
999.
That's just not possible.
Is it?
Maybe the internet died.
That couldn't know.
And the internet died my ass.
Okay.
Maybe my ass died.
Oh, there we go.
What?
A thousand.
One.
One vote.
And that Bob Marley song, One Vote.
Huh?
Let me know.
That is it.
Very good.
I'm saying to you.
I'm saying to you.
Switch.
Pull switch.
That's a boy.
This is another Charlie B. Pull.
What is the gayest fashion accessory a man can sport?
Nipple ring, ear rings, goaties, mustache, naval ring, a press Albert piercing.
That Prince Albert not on your time, but a Prince Albert piercing of your thing.
Man's shoulder bag, sandals, a necklace, tongue piercing or speedos.
Woo!
I wouldn't have to go through the Prince Albert even though I'm not exactly sure.
I don't want to know.
I don't want details.
It hurts just thinking about it.
And look at that.
We got the first three votes.
So we got the thousand total.
What that you want would you like to be for a day?
Rich 550, female 160, young 147.
Oh please.
This were a day.
Young and hung.
Uncut 32, black 27, gay 15, sexy 12, male 12, Jewish 11.
Oh boy!
Latin 10.
Thank you, baby.
Straight six, white six, circumcised five, old five and Anglo, only two.
And that's because most of our people are already Anglo.
Right.
And of course, your people they don't want to be Anglo anyway.
You think? No.
Well, I assume they would have picked something else like Rich.
Like I did.
Your people?
Aren't they all rich?
Some are.
The ones that live like they are.
I don't know.
Gables.
And the Gables are you?
And lots of Fables in the Gables.
My family, yeah.
Your family lives in the Gables.
Your family is loaded.
Gables, candles, yeah.
Relatively speaking, relative to me, yeah.
Well, why don't you give me a bag of money every week?
Because it's there.
So, so, they give it to their kids, I imagine.
It'll be hard to do.
I think what you need to do is you have their kids and not gone.
No, no, no.
They throw big parties.
I'm invited. I don't have to pay.
That's great.
No. They should bring you back on money every time.
They should know that you're schlepping and working for peanuts.
Although I think with our new deal, you're going to be really making some, I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
Yeah, I don't do it.
Fouls you, I call up Norma.
Okay.
I mean, I can tell you what to come out.
I already told you a part of it and that is Jolly Joseph's.
He loves George.
Right. Well, you want me to read you for a baton?
What do you want about you?
No, no, because it doesn't have any numbers in there.
See, I can't pay my mortgage with love.
Why not?
If I only could.
Just send the bag of love.
Right.
And the microwave.
That's still be broke.
And say, how's this?
Let's see, deleted 37.
Where is Norma Kent?
Now it's not out there.
Here it is.
Five years starting January 1st 2009.
I'm not going to read any salary numbers because Anton Jikko.
Oh, geez, Neel's working for it.
Yeah.
Well, you know, something security is a nice thing, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
And the nature of the business has changed to the point where it's a shadow and air.
And never be expected what it used to be.
I'm sorry to tell you that.
Oh, no, you need to call Howard's people and go to serious.
Yeah.
They are hemorrhaging, red ink, over there.
The hemorrhaging ending and the merger, by the way, which at first it looked like it was going to be approved.
And all these attorney generals all over the country have filed complaints.
It's never going to be approved.
And even if it is, they're still not going to spend any money on talent.
Because Howard and his buddy there are taking all the money.
Mel Kermison.
Let's see, live spots, vacations and time off remains the same.
How do you like that, including the nifty summer schedule?
All right.
All right.
And you get paid a lot more for working those three days during the week.
I do not.
Okay.
Well, that's not the one.
There is a conference call.
Here we go.
I got this.
I was sitting at my machine, losing my ass a woodbind.
And I got this one.
We have agreed all the terms.
That's not the one either.
Jesus.
God.
Oh, here it is.
Got some firm commitments to do the following.
Now, where's George?
It says, despite what you may hear, you just can't correct your own control of us producing
despite what you may hear.
I like George and expect him to be here as long, at least as long as Neil is.
At least.
Uh-huh.
In other words, one.
No, that's good.
If I croak or I have five retire after these five and three quarter years or whatever it is,
and then maybe you'll still be there and do the show.
The George right, the Neil Roger show, and George Rodriguez.
Well, it's very exciting news.
How much?
I don't know.
I would say.
About 30, man.
30 bucks.
A show.
What?
I don't know.
Even at this point, I have no idea how much they're paying.
You know something?
I'm in a good mood today, so don't destroy it.
Oh, okay, gee.
You know what?
Hate to ruin that.
But you would.
If you told me how little they're paying.
They like you, but they're going to be you monster, and you're trying to talk to you, you know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Paper clips.
So there's so much money on paper.
Paper clips and paper cups and drinking water.
We're bringing the water now to see back to cut down that bottom of the water usage.
Times are really tough now.
We're tightening our belts.
We got a big depression coming.
Just be glad you're employed.
Okay, don't start playing bush boss.
Oh, is that what I'm doing?
I think you ought to like kiss Joe's ass and believe me, it's a hell of a target.
Oh, we've been bonding at the roller derby.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Uh-huh.
He's taking care of chicken neck now.
Don't you see?
This is all part of a great, great plan to get me this stuff from the end.
Anything.
What do you mean by that?
I don't see anything.
Do you have anything like, yeah?
You're giving me a salute.
No, no, no, thank you.
Right back at you.
Maybe you went a lot of money tomorrow.
I'll give you one.
Yeah, let's open it.
I won't have to work anymore.
Maybe you'll have five grand on the line on the five dollar wheel of fortune.
Now listen, I got an assignment for you tomorrow, seriously.
Okay.
Because next time I come down, which I don't know if it's going to be probably late next month,
because we got that thing coming up, maybe.
That promotion.
Right.
And so I want you to scout the, when you go there before the show tomorrow, scout the wheel
of fortune, make sure they're the real ones.
Oh, well, how do I tell that?
How do I tell that?
Want me to take a picture and send it to you?
Yeah, and that's a good idea.
Okay, I will.
Well, what other way you're going to do it?
You don't know anything about that.
That's what I was asking exactly.
How am I going to tell if it's a real one?
In other words, the three-dollar machine, okay?
Three coin machine.
Okay.
Dollars, we're talking.
Forget about quarters.
I'm not interested in quarters.
That's for your slippers like you.
And a quarter-slot guy.
Yeah, they have probably been.
Have you heard my story about winning the 26th 100-a-wood by yesterday, huh?
Oh, they're going to have a quarter-slot guy.
Mr. expert, he's a quarter-slot guy.
He's going to Vegas.
And I'll be honest with you, the most fun slots to me are the two-penny, that chicken one,
the screaming chickens.
That's a two-set machine.
But every time you play it, you're playing a three-box.
Every time you hit the button, if you play the maximum.
Which I think that's the only way you get the screaming chickens.
And they scream and wail, and that banjo music gets louder and louder, and the wheels keep spinning.
It's fun.
Now, I shouldn't have talked about it because next time I come down, I wonder if they got the screaming chickens at Gulf Stream?
Oh, God.
He-ha.
You're going to find out for me, you're going to scout it?
I'm going to scout it.
You've got to scout it inside me before the big races and before the show tomorrow.
Like Gulf Stream.
If you're just scouting the machines, if you find a good machine, then put a cover over it.
Put a hood over it and I'll come down and play it.
And give you 10%.
Finders feed.
That's a good idea.
You can get like finders feed.
They're at Gulf Stream.
You can get them like, you know how very glicken these other people when they finally can't get in the limo.
They become greeters and restaurants.
You can eat them.
You can eat them.
Or be an eater.
Go to the restaurant.
A what?
An eater?
Didn't load it out at some point of my joint?
I believe maybe he's still doing that.
I don't know.
I don't know.
How did David do that?
Yeah.
In which case you can just see them.
You can just see them streaking and racing out the door.
I'm going to scout it.
I'll scout it out.
You've got this new logics.
Fort radio 5.60 QAM.
I think.
Force.
Later.
This thing called steam.
But you can call me down.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to.
Wait a minute.
I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
Baddie!
Hey, Moe, how are they, David?
Here, I'm alive.
That they are Hollywood bulls.
They're not the one in California.
And they abandoned one in Hollywood and the Florida.
Thanks, number you.
Well, this lane here.
Still in pretty good shape.
And it's just happened to found an old bull here.
If it's good enough for Robana, it's good enough for me.
See?
See?
Face to cut it?
What?
There it is.
It opens a nut.
Just that old bell and time from the bottle.
Steer right.
It air.
You say that?
I should run for president.
Ooh, safe.
That is me and I dear.
After all, who's done well for democracy?
You're truly an affidavit.
That fat ass bitch who dresses like a bum bumblebee.
Yeah.
Give me a call here, right there.
It's a beachwarded up for a 5.70 day night.
Somebody's actually calling.
Hey, hey.
Oh, hey there, Mo.
Joe Bell here.
Yeah, yeah.
What do you know?
Bum bum bum.
Oh, we've been seriously thinking of asking you back.
Back for what?
To get raped again?
Well, you know, he's still getting raped.
Yeah, but not much so much disrespect.
Occasionally, I get it, didn't I?
We're prepared to offer you a Neil Mill deal.
No, no, no.
Not a chance, pal.
Is it about a good chance?
Let me come back there and have an international guard.
Go to Iraq.
Right.
Uh, Norma has assured me of reaching an agreement
once he rolls out of bed tomorrow.
That makes me happy as a dancer and jelly shoes.
I'm not sure how the takes out comment on this.
You get any way you like, pal.
I wouldn't even come back there and have to see you.
Pizza.
You have to be here.
You have to be here.
I stay away from here.
I'll hide you.
I'll hide you.
I'll hide you.
I've got your core trained fingers and one big stuff.
You can't hurt me.
Yeah, don't say.
And why not?
You're on the phone, don't you?
Oh, that's right.
Say, I'll get back to you until you're done.
It's a trouble.
One night screwed up.
Chris screwed up.
Bad.
He forgot to remind me to do the spot before the break.
Oh, all the twice-door right now.
Two of them now.
We're eating anyway.
So the food is there from Japan going.
That's good.
And the good news is the best news is we start with 100.
And even without doing the spot and reminding everybody it's noon on Thursday,
we got 32 left.
Is all we got.
That's like 27.
Excuse me.
How do you like that?
They're going like hotcakes.
And what do they bring you?
They brought a whole bunch of things.
Sushi and some shrimp.
What is that?
Shrimp tempura or something?
Some fried shrimp?
What else do you have?
Here comes my wasabi.
I'll bring you pardon?
I will give you some.
That's the wasabi.
Time to hear about another of our great meals deals offers.
Every week we bring you a chance to buy gifts and certificates to that price.
And this week it's your pangol restaurant in Parkland.
A hip, a party and culinary delight.
Whatever that means.
Your pangol is Asian cuisine at its best.
Sushi, Thai, little Chinese and Chinese.
And a fusion of flavors that is absolutely out of this world.
The sushi is orgasmically creative.
Omelior, Narian delicious.
The kitchen flows with food for the non-sushi lovers too like me.
This is like pan-tie or charred red sea bass or shrimp and scallop with udon noodles.
And the fantastic 14-ounce strip steak, bristle, and teriyaki and smudged with crisp chalets.
You got one of those?
You got a steak?
No.
I don't know what you're going to do.
There's that kind of food chaos over here.
We're just going to grab it.
I'm going to be shrimp or chicken or japango signature fried rice recommended.
And a lot of delicious, fantastic too.
And japango just added a gorgeous full liquor bar and lounge for late night dining and drinking and dancing.
Maybe Joe Curl, but it isn't already a few weeks.
That's right.
And now you can buy 50-dollar certificates right now while they last and they're going fast for just 25 bucks logging on to wqm.com.
It is the store is open right now and they're going like I said, like hotcakes.
Coral Springs, West Bokka, Co. and a Creek in Parkland.
Japango is just minutes from wherever you are.
On State Road 7, just north of Hillsboro, Borgobart, go to japangomenu.com and book your next private party or event at Japango.
And like I said, they're going fast.
And once they're gone, they're good.
Aren't you amazed at that?
Because I forgot all about it.
Since you had me all worked up about whatever you were talking about.
I don't know.
Five left.
Five.
Uno.
Wow.
Dos.
Trace.
Wow.
Quattro.
Cinco.
Uno, did quattro.
Quattro.
Do a three quattro.
Cinco.
Look at that.
He's a bicep.
Finally.
You're going to have five left for japangomenu in like three minutes.
And I didn't even do the spot on time.
I screwed it up.
Which is why.
Maybe that's why.
That's why what?
Oh, curve.
So what do you got in there?
Chris, what do you want?
Shurveling down your big fat.
Got some sushi and some shrimp bites.
Some shrimp?
Bites.
Bites, you're biting it?
Mm-hmm.
It would be the first time.
So there's only five left out of the hundred.
So I guess we don't have to push that too much, right?
We could just make yummy sales now.
Yes.
Smack your lips a little bit.
I'm talking about the Parmesan cheese.
Oh, look at how they look.
And the peppercorn chach.
The peppercorns on your toenails?
Yeah, Mr. Ego and his peppercorn chach and Parmesan cheese.
Slopping.
And then I know that Burton Jackson's clothes, man.
How's he feeding all those people?
That's a good question.
How's he feeding that family of 85 adopted children?
I don't get it.
Well, there's something going on.
Not to mention, of course, little Brian.
One left, so am I.
They all know.
Oh, my God.
We're going to do this in a hundred of them.
To be restarted out with 100% of my machinations.
Yeah, we have 100%.
And there's only one left.
And it's only 1205 on the East Coast.
Holy crap, man.
That's amazing.
We might actually have somebody listening out there, you know what I mean?
I mean, there's some of these people, especially like what's his name?
What are your stupid guys?
Oh, my God.
What do you guys do not much?
Unofficially sold out.
Unofficially sold out in five minutes or so, five six.
The way to the official sign to go up on the tote board.
Even George knows what that means.
Yep.
See?
The tote board.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's why George agreed to go out to Belgium.
They had a tote board.
Mm-hmm.
Well, I regret having said all the true things I said about Bob Marlin.
Right.
What?
The first.
It's just some things.
It's like the Daily Show.
You know, it's like John Stewart and Stephen Colbert in the Daily Show and all of those things.
If you want anybody in the age of a hundred to listen to, you have to pretend that you really think that those people are funny.
It's a really funny show.
And that's where you get your news.
And that's what life is all about.
It's a...there's Harry Reid who's a wimp.
There's a second 12-degree wimp.
Oh my God.
He represents everything the Democratic Party is to...
He's an ass-boy that can only be described.
Winpy.
He's one step forward.
For a crack.
Two back.
After a year, the administration is finally heating the call of congressional Democrats.
Let's limit the time.
Okay.
Now that you guys have eaten all that good food in there today, what do I want for lunch?
Boy, I sure wish I was at the...
I was at the Myron's Deli right now.
You want to be alone.
Great deal pickles.
You know, the kosher deals.
That'd be good for lunch.
Also, like a slice of lettuce.
A leaf of lettuce.
What are you talking about?
Asparagus.
And the cheese blinks is...just awesome.
Yeah, that's what you need.
And the soup for...the soup for beer.
But what do you mean, a need not?
Not blitz.
You don't need to be eaten with blitzes.
How do you know?
Just because in a strawberry sauce or whatever, blueberry, whatever.
How's your weight?
I heard you were.
And so, all time high.
What, the weight?
Yeah, your weight.
All time high.
My all time high is 266.
Well, I mean, lately.
A week's in the last seven here?
Uh-huh.
I don't know.
I don't get on the scale anymore.
Just as well.
I look at it and look at it and look at it and keep replacing it if you do.
President Bush's most senior advisors approved enhanced interrogation techniques of top-down kind of suspects by the CIA.
ABC News reports yesterday, citing sources of didn't name.
But whatever that means, sources of didn't name.
Like I just heard that Stu Vaz is off the air, citing sources of didn't name.
I heard that Dan LeVaster got made a fool of by what was your guy's name on ESPN?
I don't know.
Um...yeah, I forgot his name.
Do you last?
No.
Do you last?
I forgot his name.
ABC reported that the so-called principles discussed interrogation details in dozens of top secret talks and meetings in the White House.
Then National Security Advisor, Condoleezer Rice, that Dijk chaired the meetings which took place in the White House situation room and were typically attended by a select group of senior officials when their deputies ABC said,
Oh, you're in the situation room without Wolf Blitzkrieg with Mohawar David and Geldy.
The situation room.
That Wolf Blitzkrieg, Mansour Meets, had taken him out.
Give him a shower, a shave, slit his neck.
Highly praised sources had a handful of top advisors signed off on how the CIA would interrogate top al-Qaeda suspects,
whether they would be slapped, pushed, deprived, or subjected to simulated drowning, called waterboarding, ABC Senate.
Georgia's in the skateboard and not skateboarding, roller skating.
Although, that's skateboard too.
That is much too big.
You're really a skateboard like a child?
Yeah.
You're like a section child.
Yeah, that's right.
There's nothing wrong with that.
I would like to go through my second childhood. I never had a first one.
There you go.
In addition to Rice, the principles at the time included Vice President Cheney, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld,
and Secretary of State Roland Kohlen-Powell, CIA Director George Tennant, and Attorney General Zahn Askroff.
There was no immediate comment from the White House on the ABC report, of course.
Waterboarding has been condemned by many members of Congress, human rights groups,
and other countries, the form of illegal torture.
Bush administration officials have repeatedly said the U.S. doesn't use their condone torture.
Right.
They just lie.
ABC News had spoken for Attorney Rumsfeld and filed a climate comment.
The White House also declined comment on behalf of Rice and Cheney, and Askroff can be reached for comment yesterday.
Sighting sources ABC said Askroff'd agree with a policy decision to allow aggressive interrogation tactics,
and advise they were legable, was troubled by the discussions.
Askroff'd argue that senior White House advisers shouldn't be involved in the grim details of interrogations, sources were cited the same.
It's bad. It makes you like throw up, you know.
Oh, we're doing that. Don't tell me about it. Like that.
You believe that? No.
Bokeh's two certificates came back, so he got two left.
The target? What a blame Bokeh. He can't afford them.
Almost from Jefferson's, one was Monkey Ward, and one was Jay Byron. So there's only two.
So we got two left from Japan, if you guys showed up. That's distressing. You want to know why?
Why?
Because it sets back our official time of sewing them out.
Always happens.
Yeah, because we get, because like he said, chicken at his elbow, trying to use his SNH green stamps.
Stuff like that. So we got two left on wqm.com. They'll go.
Well, we're getting better at this every week. You know, we've been doing it for a while.
I guess maybe tomorrow we ought to try to sell some for Joe.
Another good idea.
Because his stuff is moving really, really slow. Old Joe.
Alright, and then it's sold again. It's sold again. We sold the last two.
Oh, right.
But it's still unofficial.
We still don't have that red official light on the tote board.
Well, we're going to have a great time tomorrow. I'm going to print out all the entries from the first two races of Gulf Stream.
I need some help. I need some help.
I'm going to do a little bit of homework. Not a lot.
Because remember what I told you about handicapping racing, both Thurbera and Standard Bread.
The more you know, the worse off you are.
Well, great. How do we weigh a million then?
You know how to read that racing form? I call on Jerry Bailey. He'll help you out.
He's got that thing on a racing network that show where he gives you all the insider information and who's trying and who's dying and which trainer has got what?
Stuff like that.
Maybe you're running a little. Maybe you're right over Jerry Bailey. He comes up to your kneecap.
He's a little guy.
We tired Jackie. Great Jackie, Jerry Bailey. Now he's on TV.
Is that interesting how every great athlete or even mediocre athletes.
Now they're on TV. How about that?
That's something they're all blood casters. Or they're on radio doing sports talk show.
What's your biggest name?
The best out of school.
His new projects. 4.25.
62 AM.
The sports leader.
Sneal Rogers.
Are you ready for some football then tune in to ESPN Game?
He hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up.
Oh yeah. ESPN Game.
I'm going to pack that girl up first. Cowboys, bears, Vikings, Packers.
You'll get them all on ESPN Game.
He's going to fire into his guy right here.
Peel the sweat.
Of course you push, you push, you smell the passion.
He just rode him backwards.
You put him right on his back.
There's ain't some makeover show on Bravo.
It's the NFL on ESPN Game.
And then everyone's trying to slop and around down there and crunch and groan in.
You know you get the mark and stuff flying and getting back on some swan by fires.
ESPN Game.
Where there's never a wardrobe now function.
I don't know where that one came from.
Sundays will never be the same.
I don't look like it.
It was the last shot out of the Roman Kindle.
Call your cable operator now and demand ESPN Game.
What do you have to go for?
What the hell?
What the hell?
ESPN Game.
Now that's a mouthful.
OK, you ever see John Madden and our Chris together?
Same person.
That's why Envisiony was being like a younger John Madden.
Yeah.
Chris.
Oh, we got to go.
He's eating now.
He's trying to catch the guy.
I was looking at the thing.
We got to go.
We got to go back again.
Yeah, someone's trying to be an idiot.
There's somebody there.
Oh, they're passing it around there.
It's what?
You know, if you don't complete the transaction in five minutes at recess and you got to start over.
Again, some people are slow.
I don't put her.
Oh, like it was this guy yesterday getting a hundred dollar bills out of the ATM in the five dollar room there where I was plunging my guts out.
And this guy was so stupid.
And you know, he's the only person in front of me at the machine at the ATM.
And he keeps putting the number in it.
Oh, he's like puts his head to his hand.
Like, oh, head to his hand and his hand to his hand.
Oh, what's that number again?
And like, he finally got some money out of there.
I want to say you idiot.
What the?
Just get lost.
Okay, get out of here.
I got important money to lose.
If she is hungry, man, I'm feeding it.
So I'm looking on democratic underground.com because I Google that whole thing about the goddess being fired.
You know, your friend Randy, who was a post-personal friend.
Listening to Steph Miller and a few references made to Randy getting fired.
Well, just as you said, Randy, I put a big morsel of fatitude in that mouth.
Oh, wow.
She's only suspected, isn't she?
I'm enjoying Sam Seder while she's away.
He says somebody on this, you know, N. Pinkis or something like that.
On democratic underground.com.
So I don't know.
All I know is that her comments weren't even on the air.
There were some appearance she made.
And, you know, what's wrong with what she said?
It's true.
It's her opinion.
Having your opinion in the United States doesn't count because you can't express it.
You can't say nothing.
And the good news is that I went to the little gift shop this morning.
And got that soda.
Oh, thank God.
What are we here to pack?
What?
Oh, I guess I'm just up and left.
Sorry, that's how we do things.
We got more soda.
I ran out.
I knew I didn't have enough.
Not enough.
Not enough.
For the past half hour practically.
Yeah, eating.
Yeah, yeah.
That's right.
Oh, for me.
I'm topping off my soda here with a little bit of a...
My face is not fat.
Coke zero.
To me, this is okay.
I don't know that has any different taste than regular coke.
That coke, but what?
Or diet coke.
Why, you only coke zero?
No, don't like coke.
I was wrong.
For you, coke.
I don't know nearly either.
Pepsi day.
But I ran out of my diet.
Caffeine, Pepsi.
You're right, it sucks.
And that's half and half.
That's with most of it in there.
Oh, plus it's warm now.
Shouldn't I put it in the refrigerator if I had any brains?
Yeah, you were.
I should have, and I would have, but I didn't.
So you guys get all the good food.
So what shall I have her lunch today?
Oh, that sounds really good.
I'm starving.
You guys are going to get a wee too.
Osperagi?
Sure.
Nice omelette.
Okay.
What the hell did they get a bad omelette?
Oh, yeah, that's the place I can never think of the name of.
And they're like, Grandlox Cafe.
You weren't here when I talked about that.
I don't suppose I was.
Is that what I remember?
Now, have you ever eaten there?
No.
Remember that I told you the first time that I went down and we ate there.
And it was pretty good.
And the appetizer was great.
And it was great.
And it was a good experience the first time.
And this last time it was meaty ochre.
It was weak.
And the audiences loved it.
They loved the cheesecake factory.
And they liked it.
And you want to know why they love those places?
Because they give big, gigantic portions.
Oh, they don't love it?
And because people are basically pigs.
That's the American effing way, man.
Well, you like it.
You have a big portion of bad food.
That's not a good thing.
And that's what I'm telling them.
That's right.
That is correct.
Now, the soup was great.
I had an England-Clan chowda.
The chowda was great.
The appetizers and the soups are fabulous.
What I've experienced so far.
And the enthrays, they suck.
Greenux cafe.
That's just my opinion.
I know everybody out there.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil.
Remember, we did the thing on where you find the best dessert
and cheesecake factory one.
He had it on your pants.
Oh, there's that crazy gym bunny from Kentucky.
That's the homophobic jackass.
It doesn't do the things former Philadelphia soapy up to do.
He took a lot of showers with guys naked.
Gym bunny.
Not job.
Chalice?
No.
Not a horn.
Not a nutty shower with.
Maybe?
I don't know.
What is the geist-fascist-cessory man can sport?
Oh, the way.
In sport.
What?
Not winning.
But, you know, there is only one function for the tongue piercing.
And that should be winning.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
I don't want to hear about the end of it.
Yeah, we are.
Which is a pretty good sign that somebody is listening.
If you can't sell them out at all, a week after a week.
I mean, once in a while, maybe the restaurant isn't that popular.
Maybe people have had a bad experience.
Maybe people have had a bad experience.
You know, we had a couple of ringers along the way.
But when people can't sell them out, show after show a week after week,
that's not a good sign to me, you know.
Oh, it's a good sign for us.
Well, we're not in competition with anybody else.
I'm talking about anybody.
What about everybody?
Oh, Titsy, he doesn't even do them anymore.
Titsy, you don't even do them anymore.
And now Lamont's doing them, I guess, over there.
That cheap channel.
They suck.
Even though it would have been nice to, you know, get paid a lot more money
than I'm going to wind up.
Screw them.
Screw them, Norma.
All these people, man, there was so much interest there.
This one and that one, but when it comes to talking,
like you discussed, you were saying before, show me some money, man.
Put something on the table.
Show me a dime, a penny, a nickel, nothing.
Oh, you need to go to serious, Near.
Are you in a Howard on there, and then the Feral?
You only kind of people that wind up at serious now,
other than Stern, are people who can't get hired
for the most part interest-related.
Now, Bob at Lozfond, she got back on regular radio and yet,
and he has to work two shows now to make a living.
He has to work two shifts.
A morning shift, I'm one deal, and then I have to know on the other.
To make a living.
That's the nature of this business.
That has become, you know, it was always a horror business,
but now it's like a bottom feeder horror business.
Like a ten dollar horror business.
Can you imagine what a ten dollar horror must be like?
Well, that's us.
I don't know what it was like.
We're like human catfish, man.
We're scraping a bottle at the bottom of the barrel.
But that's the business that, and this is the life we have chosen this time,
and Ross said,
89 votes on Chris's new full.
We don't care how many we get now.
And you know something, this works out nifty.
I like the way we're doing this now.
If we have enough polls, you know, surely we keep coming through.
And what was that other one I had in the pile?
We got some good ones.
The one that came in today.
Which of these you find most difficult to do?
And I had like nine things on there.
Yeah.
Lie, forgive, hate.
See when it says lie, they shouldn't put that on there,
because they should know where in the radio business.
That's right.
We like for living.
And this just comes naturally.
We have to. They make us.
Ask Greg Reid. He'll tell you about lying.
He invented the art.
He does it for fun.
How's he doing, by the way?
I don't know.
I haven't seen him.
Ever show up?
Does he ever show his pussy in the radio?
I can't wait to know.
Now the Kirlin got the boot.
So I'm profitable.
It's like if somebody says something at the dinner table,
and nobody wants to hear nobody,
and everybody's like coughing back up the food, you know.
And this is long silence.
And they hear people chewing on.
You know something?
This Coke Zero is making me gag.
Good.
I'm warning you, I think I sounded pretty good for me.
You know, that's a good word.
I don't learn.
But I'm making some progress.
What?
You know what I had yesterday?
Oh, you're going to be upset with me.
Probably.
And woodbine.
That's the tip of.
Mac and cheese.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
What have I made?
Well, listen.
If I made my big comeback.
Oh my god.
I didn't want to give any of the money back.
And so I thought I looked at the watch.
It was 525.
I wasn't going to eat till like 7.
The watch hour was over, which is a good choice.
And so I went upstairs to cafeteria.
And oh, look at that.
And Little Rock.
Warning, Sharon's going on.
No, no, no, no.
The television obviously is on 8.
You can hear the lightning.
Very great music.
You know what I mean?
It's like being in the fire.
You know what I mean?
Little Rock.
God's pissed off at Little Rock, baby.
I'll tell you right now.
He don't like what's going on there.
And you want to know why?
You want to know who is in Little Rock?
He used to be.
Who?
Let me give you a musical clue.
He's the white one.
The Beatles.
Yeah, the Clintons, man.
Little Rock, our Kansas.
Oh my God, there's a big tornadoes
in severe weather going on.
And the bad situation there.
That was I just saying.
It was so much more important before that.
See what I mean?
What do you mean?
You guys are like, into the food.
You could care less.
But we still have in how many minutes?
18.
18.
Not bad.
Not bad.
I was talking about the sorry state of this business, man.
It blows on your kids out there.
There are new young people, both of them.
Don't get into radio, man.
It used to be fun.
It used to be creative.
It used to be worthwhile.
Now it blows.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You have his new logic.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Second on.
This is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto May Beliefs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil Goe.
Well, Randy, I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
Get out of here, Meg.
You want to know something?
I don't want to play the whole thing again.
She's out.
She quit.
She quit?
She quit.
Okay.
One thing I'll say about her.
Yeah.
She's got a huge pair.
Right?
Well, somebody wants to throw Bob Green to stuff it after they...
That's right.
Back at IOD, they put her on in afternoons after me.
And Phil was the one that I was hungry.
Are you sure?
Back when he was entertaining.
And there wasn't a right wing moon at tickin'.
And then, when she went on vacation boy, we always beware of who he...
Phil's in when you're on vacation.
They put Phil on for in the afternoon.
And Bob Green and everybody became so enchanted with Phil.
Are you sure?
Yes.
But they stuck her back on at night and they hemmed the afternoon.
And she told Bob Green to stick it where they moved on, trying to remember that.
She said, stick it.
Stick it.
Stick it.
And so she availed out of there.
Am I right?
Is my memory right about that?
Yes.
Now the new story from Ross Story is...
Air America Radio host Randy Rhodes has left the network after it suspended her over comments.
He made it a state of horror-raiser last week.
Aha, what?
So she did get in trouble for saying that.
But...
Well, she got suspended for that.
Right.
What about the...
What about the tight asses?
Yeah, exactly.
That's a tea channel for you.
Maybe in Air America.
All these...
They're like...
See, it's good that Air America represents the liberal part of America, allegedly, because
they're bunch of whims.
They're like Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi and all these other whims and Howard Dean.
Man, man, man, man, maybe we'll do this, you know.
A statement from the station's chairman Charlie Curaker, whatever his name is, being released
today.
What the hell was that?
Or...
Some of you ripped into a lobster, some...
Through the tower, or how to...
Says the popular progressive host decided to leave after the station suspended her over
the off-air comments.
The statement was obtained in advance by Ross Story.
Air America media was informed last night by Ms. Rhodes that she has chosen to terminate
her employment with the company.
We wish her well and thank her for her past services to Air America, they said.
We will soon announce exciting new talent and programming that will accelerate Air America's
growth in the future.
Obviously, no one's on the phone with them right now.
Not...
Not...
When you think?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, we haven't signed the deal.
We've agreed in principle we haven't signed.
It's not on paper yet.
Asks Norma keeps dragging her feet.
She's dragging it.
She's in drag.
Can't you just see Norman drag?
Oh God.
And I'm like a girl softball off it.
I can see it right now.
With a skirt.
Felt if he thought so.
Rhodes' controversial statement to her Clinton Geraldine Farawar were videotaped last month
having a fundraiser for San Francisco progressive radio station.
But it'd be pitiful for Bob.
So she told Air America last night.
Bye-bye.
All right.
She's got a big pair.
Let me tell you that.
You sold her all.
And she evidently got something else going on.
I'm like some of the rest of us who couldn't get hired for a shoe shine stand.
Some of us.
Well, I'm putting the Elanda market and I'm entertaining offers and I'm waiting for the phone
to ring and I'm sitting here with my boyfriend and I got my finger up his ass.
Yeah, at a boy norm.
I had a girl.
Wow.
Sometimes...
You know, I gotta play that.
Sometimes I feel...
Which virgin?
Oh, I don't know.
Maybe this one.
Slowness, probably.
Sometimes...
I feel eseverse by anybody.
Sometimes I feel that I don't want to smile.
And I turn on my radio.
Next week's Smilitis Shine, and then I turn on my radio.
He'll watch us on my radio.
He'll watch us on my radio.
Oh, baby!
Oh, there's Danny Boyd!
Get it on!
Get it on!
22 pound on the intersystem.
I lost 55!
When he says, you know that way feels great and makes me look even better.
Man, you're scared but you're messing, Johnny.
Hello ladies!
The new intersystem for men is our best program ever.
A new heart healthy program formed in a year ago,
Fight 400 and curve gradings.
Oh, you got an animal, do what I did.
I gave you a 50 pound to life version 5, bow and bow.
Take it up.
Four more than I've ever got it.
Four week mens program now.
And you can get an extra three weeks of food absolutely free.
Newter system does all the work.
I give you any!
I lost 22 pounds.
And I lost 50 pounds.
Get it done!
Get it done!
I just waiting for that.
I don't want to...
You know something?
I know this sounds insensitive.
Because I've tried, as you know, every diet in the world,
I'm something of an expert, a pervert, a failure.
Right.
No, I did go to the rankings at one time.
And then my mind and my body got, you know, we caught up to it.
Right now we're as on a bus.
I don't know if there's any more words.
They're great at quitting, looking at dozens of times.
But when you can't even make the food look good on television.
Have you ever noticed that?
I don't.
Like you like ads in a magazine.
Right.
We have a commercial on TV sometimes, sure.
And commercials on TV, they make the food look just delicious.
Because they like color it and they shine it up and they paint it.
And they, you know what I mean?
But when you can't even make the food look good,
like I don't want to mention that spot we just had on there.
And it looks like, oh my god, like mousse.
They had like lasagna on there and that little piece that looks like tiny,
less something on it.
Like mousse, you know.
I don't think it's time for me to get her done.
I could be one.
I should get her done.
But George wants to get her done.
All the things I do.
She is.
So we sold out and what was it?
18 minutes.
Boy.
And that's a hundred.
Remember the days of when we would be in the one to two hour?
And I'd be frantically trying to like,
and we eventually would almost every time.
We'd, you know, sell them all during the show.
Remember those days?
Yeah.
Not no mole.
This has become really big.
It's become bigger than life itself.
And muff is doing a hell of a job.
Thank god for a muff, baby.
They sure screwed him over big time.
Nice going Greg.
And clearance.
Remember the days when Duff was the PD?
Uh-huh.
That was the operations manager.
They just said, oh, we don't need that anymore.
That's a position we don't need.
Duff said, I'll show you a position.
And they said, yeah.
You're fairy.
I'm going to 13 votes on the new pool.
I'm not going to read those,
they'll grow test things on there.
Because then you're going to want to start describing them
and then bellishing.
You know, going through all your perverted grotesque stuff.
We don't want to do that.
We want to, you know, save the license if we ever get one.
So don't you feel like excited that I've blurred it out on the air?
That we're, we've got a deal in principle now.
Of a wheelchair.
Who's going to norm on what?
I don't know who we is.
I'm going to write an email right now.
Write a mini-mail, say what?
Say what's going on with me?
What is the contract end?
At the same time as yours.
Yeah.
Well, so obviously yours needs to be.
He needs to get on that.
I, I would hope.
Because according to Jolly Joe,
you're going to be here as long as I am.
Right.
I'm going to go on a double mess.
I don't, you know, I ain't asking for lunches to be able to make a living.
Would be nice.
But you can't do that here.
I, I understand.
That's not going to happen here.
It might not.
I mean, if you want like a token check every couple of weeks,
I'm going to be able to handle that.
Continuously.
Now what are you doing?
Are you threatening to believe?
Is that what you're doing?
You're doing what you're doing tonight.
You could wind up on air America, you know?
Are you threatening me?
I'm going to give you a little bit of a lecture.
That's not what he's doing.
Chris, he's putting on this.
I've asked him questions like,
what's going to happen to me?
Because I can't afford to do that.
You're going to have to answer on it.
And I think you ought to be in touch with Norma right now.
Write them an email right now.
He can't trust with that queen.
And say, listen, you silly.
And, and then he sends me this email.
I'm sitting there at the woodbine.
It comes through on my blankberry.
And he says, of course, that doesn't include my commission.
And so I wrote him back and I said,
well, I fully expect you to make up for the shortfall.
I want him going to be losing between the last several years
and starting next year.
I thought I'm making like a peanuts.
You know, I'm still making a very fat.
A lot of people would be, they would kill to make the kind of money.
But it's, you know, it's a sock in the teeth is what it is.
Especially when you've got so many people to support that I do.
Including half a Mexico.
I don't want to hear about bombs now.
You know, I don't want you to integrate all of my good friends in my family.
Listen, if the street is, it just happens to co-exist.
I'm not going to hear any of these very, no.
I'm very distressed to know that in the hard rock,
your close personal friend, Dave went with me,
drove me there in fact in his, in my right Corvette.
Why would that distress me?
I haven't finished yet.
Okay.
And I told you about the chickens, you know, the he-ha.
Uh-huh.
And we both sat down at different machines.
And I started out, I was doing okay.
But he put in a $50 bill and before he nobody had $720,
well, that's great.
Why would that distress me?
$700 bucks also.
That's great.
Are you happy about that?
Extatic.
Maybe he'll give you a loan.
Maybe I'll lie.
I got it.
What does that have to do with that?
What's the need for that?
I've always hated buns.
If you stop talking about, no, I don't know.
Get the hell out of here.
That's right.
The best out is no logics.
Fortight of 5.60 K.A.M.
The sports leader.
Grab my junior, honey.
No.
They have all the oil they need to keep the gas rolling.
Nothing more than to put the greed.
No one to control the gas.
That's everything you let go.
A check with the ticket sets.
Now these guys instead are screwing you all.
Oh!
Break me, break me.
That's a company, break me.
Wipe your bag down.
It's higher each time.
Break me, break me.
That's a company, break me.
They're making projects out of culture.
I...
Open the door of the middle class.
The tentacle tries to catch me.
No balls to say to push kiss my ass.
It's over with added.
Break them.
You hear news been everyday.
A different two-dustin' fire.
Gagging to price.
Highest the sky.
Break me, break me.
That's a company, break me.
They're making prices.
Highest they like.
Break me, break me.
Everyone on K Street, they buy the power.
That's something else dry.
Break me, break me.
Break me, break me.
With a mind trapped forever in 1956,
it's chicken neck at his best.
It's a 1246.
Would you agree with me?
His mind is yes.
Yes.
In the 50s.
In the 60s, the dragon kicking and screaming out of there,
but he won't go.
Well, you know, actually it's good.
It's fun.
It's at least 10 of it.
It is fun.
It's not what he does.
It's something modern.
It's spectacular.
There you go.
You just can't stop today, man.
You take it.
You want to be having a party in your pants.
You had a great meal there.
It was a great meal.
We got a five-year contract.
Have a party, Barrett.
Who is one of the people they treat us like a crazy?
I haven't heard anything about me.
All of us.
You, one, me, and chicken neck.
Does it mean Jack Christmas?
I'm sure his name is in there somewhere.
No, yeah, not.
Why not?
Why you want a contract, too, now?
I would love to see a raise.
I'm the new boss.
A raise is getting awfully uppity.
It must be catching.
It must be catching from you.
What the hell is this?
What the hell is this?
What the hell is this?
What the hell is this?
Even solery thinks it's someone amusing, right?
See?
Don't you understand the lay of the land?
Don't you understand what's happening in our business in this building?
In your building?
Uh-huh.
Everything is, remember the old slice and dice?
What about it?
It's a vegematic.
Right?
Old slicer and dice are you talking about?
That's what's going on.
I understand that this show continues to generate enormous profits for this company.
Yeah.
We both know that.
What does that have to do with anything?
They want to make some money, okay?
They lost $1 million a year in the Marley.
Not our fault.
Not our fault.
Not our fault.
Oh, is it?
No.
That's your fault.
Must be.
Because you're so anti-sports that they did it just out of spite.
Oh, yes, you are.
That's the reason I'm sure.
One of those in the race on the Marley.
It's perfect.
That's how you thought about that.
David Sandson costs us a fortune.
A little torque.
Somebody else stepped on his ass.
American Airlines canceled more than 900 flights to the fixed-faulty wiring in 100 miles.
And it was just every day they keep canceling and canceling.
Marking the third straight day of mass groundings as company executives offered profuse apologies
and travel vouchers to come angry customers.
We can't fly you wherever you want to go, but we will offer you our profuse apology.
Like Burn, Alexa said to me at Burnstakehouse that time in Tampa.
Oh, I don't believe in trying to repay your kindness with another one, but I offer you my best wishes or something like that.
And I thought you cheap bastard.
Now he's dead.
Burnstakehouse?
I said more people there from South Florida when they went to Tampa.
He told me that.
He said, everybody that comes in here from Miami tells me, oh, we heard about you on the Neil Rogers show.
I'm not the kind of person you know me.
I'm never looking for a freebie.
I'm usually embarrassed to take it.
But in a restaurant that's that expensive and I made him that much money to have somebody say, he gave me the tour of the kitchen in the whole place.
Yeah.
And then he gave me that line about, oh, I don't believe in trying to repay one kindness with another one.
So I just give you my best wishes and pay the bill.
You know, he didn't say that, but they don't pick up the check, pay it.
How do you like that?
All right.
For gratitude with the credit of attitude.
And now he's dead.
The restaurant's still great though.
Burnstakehouse in Tampa.
Man.
And I know I was never there after they built that big dessert room.
They have upstairs.
Well, I can only imagine how good that is.
You can't afford to eat there.
So forget about it.
Unless they invite you.
Hey, I can't afford to eat without these free meals.
What are you talking about?
Listen, you get more free food off of the show.
You're going to start factoring that in.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I live in that right wing Nazi family.
I work for food.
You know, you pass these guys on the highway with the cardboard sign.
That's me.
So that's me.
I have a good career.
I'm a good person.
I take care of food.
Yep.
American Nations largest carrier is now scrubbed more than 2400 fights since Tuesday.
When federal regulators warn they only half its planes can buy the safety regulation,
design and prevent fires.
I am so hungry for cheese blinks right now.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Why not?
What's the big deal with you?
Because you're about to eat.
Because you're made of.
There may be other things you shouldn't be eating.
No, they're not.
There's sugar in there.
No, there's not sugar in there.
The sugar is in the sauce that you put on it for your food.
Yeah, and then it's pretty sour.
It's right.
Because I've ever had a blitz.
I know all about it.
You don't know cheese blinks from 20 muffins.
We've had lots.
Daniel Gartner, an executive VP of Americans at Cancelations, could have stayed in to tomorrow.
Oh my God.
A retarded normal operation depends on how quickly mechanics can inspect and fix the wire
bundles.
Airlines spokesman Tim Wagner said yesterday afternoon that 60 planes have been cleared
to fly.
119 were being worked on and 121 had been inspected yet.
But 60 were cleared to fly.
The fall could be seen in airport ticket counters where frustrated customers bickered with American
employees and on the stock market were shares of Americans' current company tumble
more than 11% tomorrow.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
See I made money at Woodbine yesterday and the people of the American lost their ass.
You're making fun of me.
I know where to make my cash at the machine mine.
The American estimates that more than 100 passengers would have been on each of those
cancel flights and needs a quarter of a million people have been inconvenienced this
week and they offer their profuse of apologies and travel vouchers to calm your angry
ass down.
I know what I would say.
Yeah, screw you.
Airlines executives said they thought they had fixed the wiring two weeks ago and they
canceled more than 400 flights to inspect and in some cases fixed the shielding around
the wires and the MDA, the MDA, the aircraft.
But this week, FAA inspectors who have been conducting step-up surveys of airline compliance
with safety rules called Airworthiness Directors said 15 of 19 Americans just they examined
flunked.
They flunked.
They did.
They left the airline no choice but to ground all 300 of its MDA-tees.
The most common jet in Americans 655 plane fleet.
MDA-tees seems to me like kind of a marginal plane if you ask me.
I could be wrong.
I mean, I flown obviously.
Now Air Canada uses those 320s, 320 ones.
Okay.
They're pretty nice.
And coming back from Montreal on at last vacation mine, I told you this.
We were on the 777.
Man, is that a very aircraft?
With the curved seat shielding, actually go all the way back like a bed?
What I hear.
And the best part of the deal is that the seats are curved.
So even if you're sitting next to your traveling companion, they're facing away from you.
You're facing away from each other?
So it was a good deal.
We have obviously failed to complete the Airworthiness Directors.
The precise standards that the FAA requires and I take full responsibility for that Gerard
Arpe, Americans, Chairman and CEO, and then this year in California.
The FAA's second wave of audits will go on until June 30th of the New York Times says
today, so the misery for flies could go on for months.
We could go on for months.
We simply can't put our customers through this again, Gerard.
And so he ended up that for American, it certainly couldn't happen at a worse time.
The airline faces record fuel prices and fear of recession and aimless forecast that
its parent AMR court lost more than $300 million in the first three months of this year.
God, that's almost as much as George made.
American declined to say how much it would spend on $500 travel vouchers and hotel rooms
for stranded travelers and overtime for mechanics or how much revenue it would lose by putting
some of this place customers on other airlines.
But Garton said it would be significant.
They got Sirus, baby.
That's what he said.
We've got Sirus.
Some passengers took a jaundice view toward Americans promised to fix the problems.
Kathy Near of Santa Fe, New Mexico, was caught up in both waves of cancellations to
infirmification in Paris.
She and her husband were stranded in Dallas on Tuesday on the final leg of their journey
home.
American gave the nearest voucher for hotel room and see if they'll have another flight
home Wednesday.
They say our flight is leaving at 3.55 pm, but do you think we trust them near sand?
After being burned twice, we're a little skeptical.
He said, a little skeptical.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Like skeptical that you're going to get like a 90% pain increasing your new five-year
deal.
Well, we'll get something done.
We'll get her done, man.
Oh, hold my breath.
Ca, in fact, send me a normal message and say good-bye.
I get some an email just a very simple sentence there.
Did you say good or done?
I get her done.
I know better than that.
Give him done.
Get it done.
Yeah.
He's doing it.
That's what I heard.
I'm sure a lot of people are afraid of.
Oh, in the goddess.
See, like I said, she's got a big pair of balls.
Pretty much a lot younger than I ever.
I just thought I heard an agent.
Probably has a real agent.
And I don't think she's making all that much money.
See, that's the one thing there.
And I know it would be nice to be on Nationwide to be heard by living and breathing people
out of bed.
Perfect.
The same, you know, nerds.
But the fact of the matter is that a lot of those people aren't making so much money.
This is the fact.
Am I right?
Right.
More than service, but still.
Well, I'm always making a kind of money, chiseled.
And say as much money as you are.
So that he's making the poor work for my food guy, on the side of the day.
And they tell everybody, he's still nothing.
He's still a bad guy.
He's a real project.
He's a good guy.
He's a successful owner.
And he's a big force leader.
Not just the one to two-hour, it's a phenomenon.
Some independent truckers say, don't stop hauling freight.
For a test of the Russian high diesel fuel prices, off the road again.
I just can't pay to fill my tank again.
Diesel fuel is higher than it's ever been.
And I can't pay to get on the road again.
Off the road again.
Oil profits, they are such a sin.
Streaming the things that those legs are mobile men.
I can't pay to get on the road again.
Off the road again.
Like a pack of suckers, we go down the highway.
Hope the gouging ends.
Cause the hour of war is getting richer each and every day.
It's so lame.
Off the road again.
We're making a statement.
I just can't pay to get on the road again.
We shut down for five days.
I drive a truck and take it up the gas station.
Cause I can't pay to get on the road again.
We are not going to put up with pricey like that.
That's right, just go kill somebody.
One o'clock at five, sixty, I'm not going to change the prices, but you'll feel better.
Okay.
At least you accomplish something.
A hundred twelve dollars and twenty-one cent of barrel for oil this morning.
Now down to what?
Nothing.
Yeah, that's right. That's what we can afford, nothing.
Let me tell the markets are up though.
People are making money off of your misery.
That's good.
I was going to see.
184, oh that's 83.
Look at that as I'm speaking.
Maybe I should just keep watching this?
Oh, oh, oh, oh 195.
About 110 bucks a barrel right now.
Down from one twelve.
As a bush and his, air buddies continue putting on the big squeeze the Saudis sheeps.
Maybe they can afford some new garments, like I said the other day, to new Shmaters.
There is an insane McCain.
This are threatening families. It doesn't have a clue. He isn't no she-eyed about what's going on in the world. Let me tell you that right now
Actually, here's the most important news story of the day. Okay, forget about oil prices forget about the war forget about the dead people forget about global warming forget about all of these
Goddesses off air America forget about that. Here's the important story ready ready actually Simpson and her rocker boyfriend Pete wins are engaged
Are you oh my god?
No, well
We know now and let me tell you this talk about me is he look I I dropped in the bowl this morning something look better than him
All right, well, but much better was lovely compared to him
We know there's been a lot of speculation recently about Pete and I and we wanted to be our
We wanted our fans to be the first to know because you guys are the best since he said the same and posted on people magazines website
Yes, we are thrilled to share that we are happily engaged
That's as opposed to unhappily engaged
Simpson's manager father Joe Simpson told the magazine. He's totally happy and
So excited to have Pete as part of our family the couple began dating in the fall of 2006 a coin of people
Wentz 28 is basis for fall-off boy
Simpson 23 a singer of sorts songwriter and actress of sorts is the younger sister of Jessica your good girlfriend
The Jessica Simpson who is hot and her sister is not correct
But neither one of them have any talents. At least they have that in common
Although being hot is you know, that's what's that just ask my good buddy there Steven straight
God
Jesus man, that's what I'm gonna do right now to a clock forget about the cheeseblances
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go search the scour the country side for him, okay?
Ashley Simpson's new album bittersweet world is said for release April 22. Oh and by the way
Where the hell's that story? I see this is bad news for old fags. Larry and young fags
Three world records nine swimmers and eight Spio L. Z. R. race his swimsuits
The short course world championship started with a bang yesterday the decision by swimming's world governing body
F out fina whatever that is not to ban the new high-tech speedo suits result another heap of records in the pool
How do you like that?
And it's got a picture of this
Agree young guy his swimmer which most of them look pretty good quite frankly for whatever reason but anyway
He's got this so there's there's no more naked guys no more packages to see you know's a you know bathing suits
No more hot guy now another all covered up. Oh, gee
Well, you don't care no
Because the woman has always been covered up and now they're getting covered up even more and it goes on about the
Dutchman did this and the US men that and they did each other and but I meet the boop like that
We'll figure out a way to uncover them
Because we just want to see him in those bathing like in another covenant
That's seen there in the swimming pool
Yeah, think of swim that's what I'm thinking think of women that of course in a locker room wow
Snap into towel. Well, I'll tell you just a lot of towel snap in that locker room. That's right on the old
That's a guy thing there. You wouldn't understand it's a guy thing
Yeah, you understand it perfectly like they don't it's a thing the wrong letter in there
It's not GUY it's G1 you know all about gay guy thing
Believe me. I know my gay guys
166 votes on your pool. What is the gayest fashion accessory man can sport?
Can I prevent the sporting of what are you and I don't think I can play that what I guess I can yeah, I'm a little bit
I remember the back when that was out. Oh, don't play a trouser drummer that I'm being recommended don't play trouser throughout
Bob meals all upset
166 votes are the heat boy they really so all right
How can we have a show that talks only about the heat when the heat 114 games all seen then they blow
They like one topic radio here. Oh, nope one note all day all the no Charlie's that we're trying to say are you knocking your buddy jerks again?
That would be bad not just him
168 votes
Nipple rings 38 man shoulder bag 32
Speedo 25
Naval ring 25 by the way you French Canadians you frogs go back to Quebec a everybody hates you like poison and you look like clowns like fools with those
Speedos on you cheap best startos
Speedo 25 Naval ring 25 tongue piercing 18 a Prince Albert piercing 15 in the old weeny of the young weeny earrings
six
See I don't I don't go along with that at all
One is Zidians are straight guys wearing earrings anymore. Yeah, they're all of the places. Yeah, they were the earrings now
So what's gay about that nothing anymore? Although they wear two earrings. See I've seen some really hot looking guys with two earrings
And I think there's a message there was I'm sure there probably isn't but there could be you know not anymore used to mean something
Nothing it's really decoration anymore. Oh, dammit. You burst my bobble. Sorry
Sandals for like Birkenstock's gay. Jesus wore sandals
Nicholas to must-dash to end go T only one I
Think they're talking about a certain kind of clone look you know
Like that San Francisco clone look. Mm-hmm
And don't forget
Oh, no, that's why he wore the Birkenstocks a
Rasmussen reports national telephone survey found that 65% of Americans would like to see us troops from a home from Iraq within a year
That's the highest total recorded in the tracking pull which has been conducted regularly since August of last year
The 65% total is up six points from two weeks ago
But just a single point higher than the total from a month ago. You've got to be like a rocket scientist to figure all these you know
That I meet but I'm up but about all these a month follow the mounting at dot
losses restructuring their balance sheets 26% want the troops brought home immediately which of course they ought to be up three points from last
Survey get out of there. Those are raki's want to kill each other. Come and dread okay?
And all this business of all is a breeding for terrorism. Well, it sure is how wasn't before we went in there
Because old Sodom he wouldn't put up with it. There was no al-Qaeda in Iraq when he was there now there is good job, W
Yeah, that'd be a good poll question wouldn't he do a better job on the economy
gas prices or the
Iraq attack your buddy W put a ticket poll looking at the other end of the spectrum 31% want troops to remain in Iraq until the mission is complete
What does that mean the mission is complete is anybody know the answer to that question?
Absolutely no
That figure is raised from 31 to 39% since the tracking began because there's a third of the people out there
Number then saw dust. Never the Nicarid board freaking box
The survey also found that 32% believe the surges worked about 43% say on has not
61% of Republicans say the surges work 59% of Democrats say it is not along with 51% of those not affiliated with either major party
Let's have a party
The desire to bring home the troops is risen among both men and women
59% of men want to troops home with them a year up four points from two weeks ago among women at 69%
I'm from 62% two weeks ago
I'm the other side 37% of men were like troops to stand Iraq until the mission is complete along with 26% of women and again
Nobody knows what that means the mission is complete does anybody have any uh?
Oh, well when when do we know it's over?
What they tell you just shut up
Okay, one and first of all what is there to win? What is there to win?
These are ancient tribal lunatics who are busy killing each other because nobody's there to stop them and we're in the middle of the Civil War that we
Invented and we that we sparked by creating a barcume
Vacuum Christmas. We got a lot of troops there running the country now
And that's why they got no electricity and no water and a lot of other stuff most of the day every day
At least it's consistent everything that's just like once in a while
Not like oh, it's Saturday. There's no electricity. They know it's like any day
Mondays Saturday Tuesday like Apollonia would say oh don't start with that Godfather craft again
The audience gets really upset when you do that
It's a good
Take it all it. No, that was straighter obviously
Every time we play commensus everybody starts insisting that somebody else I
Mean all the voices other than Don Corleon. I guess they all they all had distinct voices
The cleanser and Tessio had a deep voice they've at least
It's from up on my range, but see you would you would never say that's commensives. That's Tessio. No, I know better, but still
World time sink. See he had kind of like he had like a
I don't know what word to describe it in his voice. Listen. Let's do it again
See he had that little bit of raspian. It's yeah raspy voice, you know
Where's clemenza had a deeper voice like coming from that big fat propagators, you know, listen
Or of course everybody's jumping of net bull the whole town is arguing about a little compressive sleep suit the fishes
How you ever got me involved in that's like it's arguing about whether it's Thursday today
Well, what's the blog can't wait because you never make a mistake. I can't wait till the day you do I
Got news for I make more mistakes in one day
I don't know how it has in case you didn't pick up pastures sarcasm. It is broken. Yeah
Well, there's some things I make mistakes about but not the Godfather
There's some things I know a little bit about that's what you because you're such a hard-ass you won't even be that
Of course I give you that a little bit of us. I give you that
This is legit
I swear
Let me tell you something my crout mech friend. I don't fear after white everybody out
Just mine
I'm gonna make them out of it down with you see because he was the only one that spoke with cotton in his cheeks
That's why he sounded like that mark. That's why I'm so distinctive
Now sunny
Where's the bottom thing and I actually play that moral you've been there all day everything. Yes, you should
What are you gonna do?
They want to get mixed up in the family business and now you want to go and down a police cap
We're gonna do a sheet of paint my own way like I am
What do you think is the only issue on my way? You gotta get a post like this
The big your brother brings all over you nice side of leaks suit come in
Don't think your brother friends all over you nice side leaks suit
Don't think your brother friends all over you nice side leaks suit
Don't think your brother friends all over you nice side leaks suit. I'm gonna say don't think your brother friends all over you nice side leaks suit
Anyway, oh there's alley felching is on CNN again. It's enough to make me want a puke
We are going for any this pull probably won't get all that much
Action you don't
Don't forget George will be a Gulf steam tomorrow tend to two long time see him and say hi
Maybe bring him a bag of money so he can plunge his guts out
We're gonna and what's the deal you have to holy bullstakes on Saturday 150,000 dollars
Super sized from aisle three sixteenths the holy bulls serve as a derby prep for some of the greatest
Berolled in thermite history such as barbrow and plenty side and we just three weeks ago
We'd go the first leg of the triple crime is a must see for wasting enthusiasts everywhere that's on Saturday
First post time the Gulf steam on 15 on federal highway and Helen Dale Beach. What am I leading out nothing?
George will be there tomorrow from 10 to 2 and handy crapping making a few out. We hope I hope
And of course investigating the slot situation the wheel of fortune just look for patent vanna
Introducing the
want
you get
now they have only one
big
Taylor, hey
don't worry about
the sugar
we got it
the way we're talking and saying
you got it
even when the time gets so cold
you got it
where is the star cream
I'm dying out of here
you said I'm gonna never
this is what they got
you to do
yeah
can't get any
rubber but
a home party cut
to be
you believe
what they say
like a
gold
I love you
as they use
my
story
for
to
cause the election
of
we got it
we got it
it's a movie
we got it
oh
oh
oh
we got it
1885 60 WQM Steven
Kendall says the game
success reason
Ascot
the heaven scene one
of those except on TV years ago
well I just Googled that I looked
at Wikipedia and had a picture
of an Ascot
it looked pretty gay to me
it looked like wing tips
It makes you fly.
You wear an ass-goat, you can fly flat, you're arm is a little bit, and you can fly.
Like Mary Poppins, like Peter Pan.
Like I am Pyramical.
Pupu.
Barack Obama says he elected President, he won't require that his appointees to the Joint
Chiefs of Staff support allowing Gase to serve openly in the military.
The Democratic presidential firm under favors repealing the Don't Ask Don't Tell Policy on
Gase, which was instituted during the Clinton administration, he said his priority for the
Joint Chiefs will be that they make decisions to strengthen the military and keep the country
safe, not their position on the policy.
I would never make this a litmus test for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, he said in a view
with the advocate of Gay Magazine.
But I think there's increasing recognition within the Armed Forces that this is a counterproductive
strategy, he said, we're spending large sums of money to kick highly qualified Gase
or lesbians out of the military, some of whom possess specialties like Arab-language capabilities
that we desperately need, that doesn't make us more safe.
The advocate provided the Associated Press with excerpts of the new Post-It on the
Web site today, the interview comes after Obama was criticized by gay advocates for not
speaking to the gay media.
The Philadelphia Gay News last week ran a large blank space on the front page next to an interview
with Hillary Rotten Clinton to highlight that he didn't talk to the publication.
The gay press may feel like I'm not giving them enough love, but basically all press feels
that way at all times when Obama told the advocate, he said he's spoken out frequently against
homophobia and in support of gay rights.
Asked what he could reasonably accomplish for the gay community as President of
Amosidic and reasonably see repeatedly don't ask don't tell policy as well as signing
legislation to ban workplace discrimination against Gase, he said he'd like transgendered
people to be covered by the law, but things would be tough to get such legislation through
Congress unless he gets some help from Barney Fag.
Obama also said he's interested in ensuring that same-sex couples in civil unions get federal
benefits.
All of these things.
So there you go.
Everybody wants something like George, you know.
I'm also going to be working, I think, for the next five and two-thirds years.
I'm not going to be out on the beach.
Sparrow's in change, Mr. and George is, you know, he's-
So you know, what are you going to be making, right?
Not too happy about it.
You see what you know.
Well, maybe you will be happy.
Maybe.
Or asking, just you know, maybe I won't be.
You know, maybe not.
Right.
You know what my guess is?
What?
Not.
197 votes on Chris' pool.
Our goal is 200.
I thought I was sitting there, I said, low today, but it's just, I don't know, this
doesn't seem like a really, um, active day, you know what I mean?
What is it?
Huh?
Although we did do great on our neobio.
Yeah, I was going to say it was very active in the studio here.
Yeah, eating.
That's not the kind of activity I'm talking about, okay?
All of it.
The people were very nice.
There was, you know, a whole blow, you know, event here.
Yeah, eating.
Picking out.
Huh?
Well, maybe, maybe if you do that, maybe just stock up, you know, stir up all your
cancer, probably be doing a lot of joy, sing all the way like you did this morning.
Sure.
I come in this morning and George is racing.
Oh, I'll be right.
I try racing to the magic room.
Oh, wait, it out of the house.
I do walk right back in.
Is there joy?
And rejoice and like that.
Thank God that doesn't happen to me.
I don't.
In my case, they're just at those times.
I don't get a second chance, you know what I mean?
I'll make a first impression.
Yeah.
And look who's talking, Mr. Mitchie.
I guarantee you.
I haven't ever had any episodes that you've had where I did not make it in time.
That's how I was talking about.
Okay, well, if you live to be my age, as Jerry Wichner would say, the good word will
him, now he's dead.
If you live to be my age, I'll guarantee you'll have some episodes.
Trust me when I say it.
Okay.
I think considering my horrendous physical condition and my advanced age, I haven't done
so bad, you know?
Like I'm not sitting here with a bag or something like that.
I don't smell bad.
In fact, I smell pretty good.
Oh yeah.
You sure?
Are you sure?
I'm positive.
Okay, I'm positive I smell good.
I never, uh, since they a note of BO from the old one.
No, that's right.
That's my philosophy.
You can't look good.
At least smell good.
Please.
Please.
I'm gonna say it.
I'm sure it's hell ain't never going to look good.
So at least that smell good.
Mmm, it's a maha'a.
Gail Collins in New York Times writes, Pinochle Politics.
I was raised on Pinochle in the American Dream.
This is Hillary Clinton on TV and running in Pennsylvania, in which he reminisces about spending
childhood vacations in Scranton.
Once again a campaign in which we thought we heard every possible piece of information
delivers a little surprise.
Really it's hard to count the questions this line raises is Pinochle, especially popular
in Pennsylvania, in Mark Payne to a poll on this.
It's something inspiring happening at the Pinochle Table that caused swallowing to make
this particular connection.
Young Hillary, if you play your cards right, someday you could be president of USA.
If you were gonna say they were raised on something like the, on something in the American
Dream, what would it be?
I'd have to go with television in the American Dream, although it sounds a little maturian
candidate.
One purpose of the edit is to point out that although the Clinton family may be raking
it in bokeh books now, Hillary's roots were humble.
Her Pennsylvania grandfather worked in a large lace factory.
The Rotterdam vacation house had no heater into her shower and according to Carl Bernstein's
body, her Hillary grew up, he began to lose enthusiasm for those long summers on Lake
Winola.
Nevertheless, her ties to that state are certainly started that they were in New York when she
first announced for a Senate and attempted to summon up warm memories of childhood visits
to rest stops along the interstate.
I bet you know I could probably do that.
An all-sphering campaign myth-making when Kansas was in play Barack Obama visited
his ancestral hometown of El Dorado with great fanfare even though he had never said foot
there before.
It would never create either the other candidates linked their childhoods to a card game in the
American Dream.
Obama who could be disturbing the Ivy League would probably think the pinnacle part was
cheesy.
McCain wouldn't bring the dream up.
The idea that you came from humble folk who had faith that their children could aspire
to something better doesn't really float if you're the offspring of two generations
to force their admirals.
Anyway, this pinnacle diversion couldn't have come at a better time.
Things are beginning a little slow on the campaign trail.
Setting aside six weeks of preparation for the Pennsylvania primary turns out to have
been a little excessive.
And the candidates are finding it hard to come up with exciting new things to complain
about.
The Democrats are still arguing about super delegates and McCain camp is demanding that Obama
apologize for remarked made by one of his supporters, Senator John Rockefeller, West Virginia,
and Snot John, it's Jay, but nevertheless, Gale.
In interview with the Charleston Gazette Rockefeller said that McCain didn't care about the concerns
of average people, and Rockefeller uses an example to fact that, as an EV fighter pilot,
McCain had dropped missiles without knowing who or what they hit.
This was not a good thing to sound several levels.
For one thing, Obama's already made it clear that he's never ever going to criticize
John McCain's war record.
In fact, he continually commends McCain for his many long years of military service, and
a way that suggests that said service was accomplished while he had an armor in carrying
a spear.
For another, thanks to his wife Cindy, air-to-wave beer distributing fortune, McCain
is worth an estimated $100 million.
When a man whose family has more than a half dozen houses opposed his help from people
facing mortgage foreclosure, you don't need to go back to the war and be a nun to make
the argument that he's out of touch with average American people's problems.
The Obama camp immediately issued a statement saying that Barack did not agree with what
Rockefeller said, and Rockefeller himself called McCain up to apologize profusely and released
a statement disavowing his very poor choice of words.
Naturally, now we're arguing about whether this is enough.
Why does Senator Obama refuse to personally condemn this type of despicable attack to
the man of the McCain spokesman?
I believe there's also dispute pending about whether Obama should apologize personally
for the top show host in Fargo, North Dakota, who called McCain a war monger, Ed Schultz.
Given the number of crises we've had along these lines, it might be a good idea for all
three candidates to disavow in advance anything stupid as supporter of advisor staff or
radio top shows says for the rest of this year.
We can give the blanket to survive a fancy name like Article 300.
Then the next time McCain discovered that one of his backers had said, called for a crusading
against Lutherans, he could just invoke Article 300 and we can all move on.
Unfortunately, the way things have been going lately, we might have to move on to another
discussion of what to do about the super delegates.
That would inevitably lead to people screaming each other about Michigan and Florida.
Maybe Barack and Hillary could work it out over the pinnacle table, winner takes all.
But I'm not going anywhere.
In a prove it, I'm yelling a little bit.
Yeah!
This here's your trophy, tongue up, I'm down.
I'm down.
For I feel praying around I never heard nothing but me, back then, about the fantastical
basketball team with a fabulous expensive cow.
I think that's all I ever talked about.
Well, I got news for you.
I got your walk right here, homie.
Well, I can talk about Blue Nailed or no further than this.
Bort's hoot to me.
How about that, huh?
How about that game last night?
Huh?
How about that?
I only want to talk about me, ball.
How about that?
Because I have a dreamy expensive cow with the heat.
How about that?
I've been radio long enough to know the audience doesn't expect anything more than the only
thing I've concerned with.
How about that?
So the room is done.
How about that?
I ain't going nowhere.
How about that?
I'm staying back.
Staying back, you hear me?
Oh, but the cafeteria has.
How about that?
You found me?
I found you.
How about that?
Oh, wait a little bit.
I got a reload record.
Mark, let's say how about this, but I can't play that anymore.
You know what I mean?
That?
Like that?
How about that?
133 at 560, though, if you're maybe able to put that in the contract, like maybe one or
two days a year, we can play like all parts on the floor.
Ooh, hey, there's a point where it'll go.
All day.
We have fart day.
We have billboards, promote to have a fart day.
I don't see any promotion going on about this.
Of course, we haven't signed the paper yet, but it's agreed to verbally and non-verbally.
And of course, we're still wondering what's going to happen to George and Chris.
Right.
We know about chicken, he's getting a deal.
Okay.
Well, something like a one-page deal is what it said.
That's what I read.
That's something.
Yeah.
I need a response for the lady before.
No, no.
When you met her champ with that girl, because otherwise, he's going to leave you hanging
any moment.
I thought it was time.
But at first, I always did.
It wouldn't be the first time.
I told him to be sure and take care of you guys.
And I said, right, it's Chris's name, because you said that's other people too.
And they said, all right, I will.
And then they bring you.
You have to see other people.
You can mention by me.
Oh, yeah, I'll take care of George.
I'll take care of George.
I'll take care of you.
You took care of your aunt.
I still feel it.
And you even took him to that then, swingers club.
And he sure and take care of you.
Set him up.
I bet.
Well, as long as I live, I'll never forget that Dan Christmas party.
Oh, you and me both.
Triple K Ranch and Devi, man.
The redneck Triple K Ranch seat.
And Cheryl and his wife got into what man.
Like, I was there.
I heard it.
We all had our own experiences there, see.
I talked my wife into wearing boots with heels.
And it was muddy everywhere.
And you know there.
So she kept sleeping in the mud.
You know what I mean?
So you didn't have somebody stay in the mud.
And the food was a month ago.
Hey, for making me wear these boots.
Thanks for making me wear these boots.
Thanks for making me wear these boots.
The whole family is very rough.
I was a little bitchy there.
Yeah.
There.
Hmm.
I'll sooner or later happens to all of them.
Uh-huh.
Sometimes sooner.
Oh, come on.
She's a sweetheart.
Sure she is.
To strangers.
Just know.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, that's how a lot of people are better.
That's how my father was.
He was the same way.
To his family, he was a rotten, hard-ass bastard.
But the stranger's man, he couldn't do enough.
He'd been over backward for strangers.
But to the family, to you like that.
So he's in a ground for many years now.
Well, he's dead in a door now.
We'll solve.
Now, how can you say that about your father and your father?
He was such a man.
Such a wonderful man.
Yeah, right.
You should live so long.
And your mother, oh my god, you must have put her in a grave.
Yeah.
Anyway, 135.
You know, let's not think, you know, that it's such a pleasant day.
I don't want to get all the press thinking about dead parents and stuff like that.
I rather think about dead dogs.
What's it?
You know, there was one thing I thought about when I was driving down there.
I headed out to Queen Elizabeth Way toward Nyang Run.
I was thinking about, if I move back into the house, I'd get like a couple of dogs.
Okay.
And like, I know you can't go back, but like, you know, just duplicate it.
Get a mint pin and a golden retriever.
Like, totally, two and one and two.
Or just a golden retriever, a board that nervous breakdown.
Why do you say that?
Are you picking it on poor little tiny again?
If we were taking calls like I would call it.
We have a little dog too.
He's adorable, but they are basket cases as we both know.
Yes.
And we'll try to decrease it.
So we're going to be cleaning and then right.
Do things as tight as they pitdle, you know, to make a point.
Oh, sure.
He had his favorite spots all over the house.
Okay, let's not go.
I'm not getting no dogs.
I can't have a dog here.
Yeah.
That's good.
Just as well.
Ties you down, baby.
Ties you down.
Dogs are great.
They're better than most people, but nevertheless.
Unless you're prepared to be responsible and you shouldn't have a dog.
Am I right?
That's right.
Well, I'm not prepared.
I'm an old fart.
You know, I need somebody to take care of me.
I can't be taking her with no dogs.
That's the interesting part.
Oh, now last night we watched a movie.
Paco was here and I went.
I'm the oldest delivery boy in the city.
I told him that.
I went and picked up the Chinese about a block away.
It was good.
Well, you know, when he comes here and honors me with his presence,
he has the remote control for the TV.
And we watched the movie, which I thought I would hate, called Fat P-H-A-T.
Yes.
With all these black chicks including the one big one who was about 800 pounds.
Like, have you seen that?
I've seen the previous for it.
It wasn't bad.
I mean, I'll take your word for it.
It was, I don't know.
It wasn't good.
But it was okay.
It was watchable.
You know, it had a few funny moments.
I'll take your word for it.
And it reminded me a little bit of, um, Fatso.
Remember when he was watching TV, he was laying there in bed.
Mm-hmm.
All tubbied up and he kept changing the channels.
And every channel had another ad for some diet or food or ice cream.
It's something.
And she wound up doing the same thing toward the ass end of the movie.
It was, uh, it was weak.
But boy, she sure is big.
What's her name?
Monique.
Monique, you say who that is?
I think.
Oh my god.
Christian, who that is?
I don't know Monique, is that?
Her, one breast is larger than some students.
Yes.
She's a, uh, not a good person.
She's one of these people with, uh, I call it a fatitude.
Really?
I was drawing her weight around.
She pitched a fit on a plane or something like that.
Everybody's always keeping on me.
Really?
One of those people.
Yeah, shut up and sit down and bitch.
A lot of those professional fat people like you.
Yeah.
This is beautiful and, and that's great.
Yes.
That's the most disgusting fat.
Yeah.
And that's the, um, it's shoveling food down my throat.
Exactly.
Most cheese blisters are starting to sound good.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Oh, that's not a good name.
Meckles, I don't know.
They just, they just rub me the wrong way.
And I have a tens of lips and every speech I love,
regains its in the news.
Oh, boy.
Hillary hates Jews.
They're being moved.
New England, through the homes, Boston, people's months of old.
It's in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
People will catch her like an amonora.
God, she must have a wonderful aura.
One she speaks, I want a crime.
She could use a good rap.
I get send the news.
Oh, boy.
Hillary hates Jews.
One twenty-four sixteen till the dirt show comes out at two o'clock.
Now, in this story, it just leaves me to limp.
Okay?
If there's one thing that makes me nauseous,
is that you're watching the news and all of a sudden they hit like a one of those 80-trade sports press conferences, you know,
with a 400 microphones, right?
And some dumb jocs sitting behind a microphone.
And if they're going to retire, it's always, oh, weepy, weepy, oh, gee, I'm sorry.
What are its needle-nose-wing grits fee or whoever it is, you know, and bread-farve?
Remember that?
A couple weeks ago, bread-farve, Chris?
Yep.
Now, if the Greenberg Packers are ravaged by injuries this season,
bread-farve says he might consider returning to the team to reach out to him.
Oh.
I have no life.
Evidently.
It would be hard to pass up, I guess, he told the galaxy Mississippi sun-herald,
but three months from now, I'll say that presents itself, I may say, you know what?
I'm so glad I made that decision.
I feel very comfortable what I'm doing in my decision.
So just go away already.
You've got millions and millions and millions of dollars.
You had a wonderful career. Go away already and stop crying.
Yeah, I can probably be up there doing that and playing, but again, I don't know.
It's only speculating.
I think the world of that team, I had a lot of fun.
I don't really miss you a bit over my career.
But if Aaron Rogers went down with an injury or a neo-rodgers or Kevin Rogers,
Aaron has fallen into a great situation for us and if that opportunity presented itself
and they did call, it would be tempting.
Now, I could very well be enticed to do it.
It's kind of like he's begging them to call him back, you know?
You ever tire?
Okay, I'm retiring, but I want to come back.
I don't want to.
Let's go away already, Brett.
I don't like him.
He's annoying.
I'm not saying he's not talented.
I'm not saying he didn't have a great career, but he just bugs me.
Is there something about him?
He just exudes that whole Yahoo thing.
I'm not talking about the website.
No, talking about the mentality that Yehoo thing, he exudes it.
No!
That's it!
Oh!
Did you chop that off?
Yeah.
Well, I had an honor.
No, I still charge.
Do you get a response from Norman yet?
No, I'm holding my breath.
That's why I'm blue.
I've got an incredible line.
I know.
I won't use it.
Go ahead, there you go.
No.
I would normally.
And blue.
232 on the pool.
What's the gas?
I'll speak to that.
What's the gas plastic sensor I'm making?
Can sport.
Nipple rings 53.
Man's shoulder bag 43.
Spear O is 37.
Naval ring 32.
A Prince Albert piercing 24.
Tom piercing 23.
Ear rings 10.
I don't just don't buy that at all.
Sandals 5.
Neckless 2.
Mustache 2.
And go T1 out of 232.
Mustache.
Like rumor, for example.
Now, mustache is becoming more, I guess it depends on the culture.
Like, Latins, I mean Latinos.
Latins a lot of mustaches.
Right?
But I'm not as used to.
And what I'm talking about now.
I don't see it on anyone.
I think generally it's becoming out of fashion, right?
Correct.
Generally.
Just like this.
Long hair for guys is out of fashion.
Guys that look like her.
That is fine.
Right.
Like ponytails, I mean you talk about out of fashion.
Mm-hmm.
Only two people in the world still have a ponytail.
Is Woody Graber and Jeff Cohen.
You tell me.
Woody Graber.
I'm a pony.
Woody Graber.
Woody tail cut his off.
That was right.
His name is a ponytail, I think.
Or, nor does he pay his fingernails anymore.
Oh, thank God for that.
And it's so.
Yeah, Jesus.
He's with the wiggle, with the wiggle, with the block.
He's with the wiggle, with the block.
You're fairy.
What is up?
They give the wisdom to the end.
Oh, that's the elephant.
I had to make Lewis cut his own ponytail.
Sure, I think he did.
Yes, me.
He chopped it.
He's close-clopped.
No.
He's cut.
Almost shaved.
Of course, he was always cut.
And so, we're the other ones.
There's three Jews right there with ponytails.
I wonder if that's a Jew thing, you know?
The ponytails?
Yeah.
What do you think?
It makes sense.
You get chopped off the front and you roast something in the back.
Nine degrees Celsius, baby.
That's 48.
It's going to be 12 in sunny.
That's 54.
Not bad.
Nice spring day.
I should be out there right now in my way to get my cheeseblancers.
At a nice bowl of monsubull soup.
Oh, I feel so Jewish all of a sudden.
Can you be a little more Jewish, Steve?
That's a call I could never forget as long as I live.
I'm trying to think whether it was on IOD or WNW.
Not that it makes sense.
It had to be on WS News.
You know?
All the old Yempses.
Our average age or demographic on that station was death plus ten.
We had big ratings, but they were all dead people.
On WNW.
Old.
Old.
And Jerry Williams, who was so great that he would just...
I mean, even worse than I did when I got to INZ, just ripping the old fart.
So it was just great.
And some old bank calls off Steve Kean one day and she says,
Steve, can you be a little more Jewish?
What kind of a crazy Yanta says something like that?
A professional ethnic.
A professional Yanta.
Can you be a little more Jewish, Steve?
And of course now he's gone full.
Wow, talk about going from the frying pan into the...
Oh, right.
Into the deep frying of the thing.
Man, now he's born again Christian.
He's got 4,000 kids and a whole bunch of them are dark-complexed.
And he's got a little Brian there.
Norman, I should have spirited Brian away back in the day when he was younger and look at it.
Before he became Brian, whatever his name is.
Spirited him away.
Yeah.
To what end?
Hind end.
I see.
What do you mean to what end?
I don't even know what his name is anymore.
Brian Craig.
Craig, how did you know that?
Because you talk about him all the time.
No, I do not.
Are you a crazy person?
You don't want to talk about him and Woody.
I mean, him and Woody.
Him and Woody.
Him and Woody.
Oh, God.
Him and Woody.
Maybe they're an item.
I never met the kid.
I only hear his name from your mouth.
Well, trust me when I tell you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, sorry.
Let me take that back to the guy with the eyes when he comes to appearances.
Yeah.
He can't stop talking about him too.
So, there's really a lot of people.
What does he say about him?
Oh, Brian Craig said this and you know, uh, Brian Craig said that and wants to debate you.
And this nut is that I don't want to meet him.
I don't want to meet the same rumor.
Is he going to debate who?
Who wants me to pass me the salt at the table when he said this and get me?
Really?
Yeah.
Oh, a norm used to talk about him.
I don't want to say what he's saying about him.
I don't want to say what he's saying about him.
I'm not a poliole who did this and I'm not a poliole who did that.
So I said, yeah, sure.
That's what he's saying.
Right.
Norm used to talk about him.
Well, that's for different reasons.
That's right.
Oh, no, no.
Probably it's the same reason that guy with the eyes would talk about him.
I imagine.
Because it's a thing.
That's right.
He was cute.
I'll take your work.
He was cute and then he became like a disciple of the Zrigo.
And he became one of the clone.
I don't understand people like that.
I guess they're like, I have no-
I have no-
People that have no a mind of their own.
Right.
It's like a religion.
I know people that have gone to work for certain right wing radio stations and got absorbed by them.
Like a cult.
Yeah.
And became right wing Bush voting Republicans.
Really?
In spite of everything they used to be.
Yeah.
Well, I'll be damned.
Yeah.
He had his moments and then we let him slip away.
Slip through our fingers so to speak.
Although Norm actually, in the Norm's case, it would have been literally a literal thing.
I know.
He could have said, they had a blissful night together.
But I'm told, I don't know what bliss is true.
It's just a blissful.
Maybe it was just swishful thinking by Norm.
I don't know.
He's told everybody so, you know, if it's a lie, he's telling you a lot.
But Norm would never lie.
What's that?
The lawyer.
245 votes and Chris's poll was our goal 110 or something like that.
I get to find it today.
We did find.
We sold out the Neils deal and what was it?
1918?
Like I said, 18.
Look at that.
It's getting better every second.
One thing about this audience, man, they know a good deal when they see it and they hop up those restaurants
who are living in a place where they're going on a style.
I suppose to, um, footsie, you don't even have that.
Anyway, um, just so you know, Kevin from Japan go big fan.
We was in here during the break of the day.
Thanks, Kevin.
Requesting drops and certain things.
We sent him up with the little best of Neils audience and leftover keychains.
He's a big fan.
Great.
Excellent.
That's good.
See, there's still a few people alike us.
I mean, not too many.
Oh, and you're a big fan.
Now we're becoming like a distant memory.
But I'm sure that once there's new deal kicks in, man, once Monday comes.
There's going to be some promotion of what likes to which you have never seen.
Right.
You know what I'm gagging on?
Saliva?
No, this zero was zero.
Yeah, I mean, it's only how bad it was.
And now I guess I never paid my attention.
I don't know.
It's wet, you know.
Yeah, I know.
And the zero too.
But I think that's somebody gets on the scale one to ten.
I think you get to say zero.
Kind of like Joel Feinberg could relate to.
How you doing, Joel?
Bye-bye, baby.
You're losing.
You're going to get five.
You're the clown.
You're the clown.
I'm the fourth leader of your god.
Absolutely.
Back in the day when someone was wrong,
we didn't take their crap.
In rural harbor, when the jabs dropped their bombs,
we bombed them bad.
And now the studies made it us hard.
And on our cards, our little flags wave.
As that sonny loving, recharged,
points of honor, the wrong way.
And the labyrinths to be in America,
where they follow bush like sheep.
The United States of arrogance,
and by bush and his family,
they got this country.
Have a late daughter, the largest lady,
and I history.
I don't want to be a packs of mariners,
even USA.
What's a few thousand innocent lives?
Stop living in the past.
If you want that SUV to drive,
you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world.
They train us to believe.
And anyone who says that, obviously,
ends up for to be.
And love and barris to be in America,
where we take pre-arigably.
Wave a flag in what hand,
with our head in the sand,
and blindly follow the powers
that he apathetic.
Oh, I got the press on that.
Watching state for news on a 65-inch screen.
New fast-grature,
five, everything's okay.
In the USA.
Hey!
Bye bye bye!
The best talent in America.
The best talent in America.
Sports radio, five, sixty,
WQAM.
For the latter days.
Bring back Alex Bennett for God's sake.
Do yourself a favor, will you, pal?
