You did a lot of things
I did a lot of things
With your hydrogen sports hall radio
W2A-L
Star about the Earth
And, well, the Earth
We don't want you around
So won't you drop that please
Absolutely
You're an old and daughtering
Grantee has been
We should have been a lot of in the loony bin
A brain dead of element
We go to school and wear the same suit
You bought in 1966
Now, yeah, yeah, you're out there
You're up to us all of the Earth
Put the pruning head back up your butt
And choke on a battery on the man on my
To drive your core
There's nothing to a tree
That was my first car I've told you that a thousand times
Have I ever known a million times? Yes, you have
That 1960 Corvair, a little blue Corvair
That it explode
That it explode
Did it blow up?
Well, it did not blow up
And I did have to change a fan belt a couple of times
That was the thing with those Corvairs
So I'm told
Fan belts kept breaking why?
So I'm told?
Yeah, but other than that
I think I put about 150,000 miles in it, little baby
60 Corvair, I'm going to go out and give me another one
Okay
Probably pretty good on my words, wouldn't you think?
I'm out there
Thank you, Mr. President, for those little gas prices
By the way, and for that worthless American dollar
That you could wipe your own ass with
God
So, do your Zack say he's got a 295 now?
Yeah, he's got a 295
I have a contest between Chris and Zack
Yes, we're up to
See who dies last
Chris is leaving earlier day by the way
He might have to because of his root canal
His baby root canal
Oh
You're not speaking, is that it?
Are you jarred, Aiken?
It's a little...
Well, he'll leave early now
You understand what's going to happen to George at two o'clock
He's going to be called in on the carpet again
To explain why
To explain why you had to leave early
Well, maybe Joe doesn't care about him
Yeah, or maybe I'll just walk by that way
And I'll say Joe, I'm going home early
Oh, I wouldn't do that
You'll never make it home
You'll never make it to your baby root canal
Well, I don't know, maybe he should have taken the day off if you're not feeling well
Because you've got to really be on top of your game to be on this show
If you want to mail it in
Yeah, well...
You're the sirens again out there, man
It's snowed and ice and freezing, right?
This is...
It's the fifth of March already for crying out loud
With somebody tell the weather guy, somebody tell what's his name
Faced the ball there on the CTV that they're kind of into
And all of this, Jesus
How about a nice spring day with a sunshine and about 65 degrees?
That would be nice
God
Anyway, that's swallery, man
He just won't go away
You know what? Really bugs the hell out of me
Of course, you know what you got in the Ohio?
Is a bunch of real blue collar and those picking...
Ohio always screws everything up
Yeah
She will never buy ten points
And then in Texas where she'd eat at a three point win
But she lost in the caucuses
It's all screwed up
But nevertheless, in Texas, you got all those Mexicans, you know
And you know what they say about those
No, what do they say?
Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton handed it at the possibility of a democratic dream ticket with Senator Barack Obama
Speaking on the early show to the NCBS, swallery said that this may be where it's headed
But we have to decide who's on top of the ticket
We're going to have them together maybe, but we have to figure out who's going to be on top
Clinton said the race between her and Obama arranged incredibly close with just smidgings of difference between them
Right, only he's got about an 85-dug of lead
And she ain't never going to overcome that
Because he's going to win in Wyoming and in North Carolina and in Mississippi
And then of course, Pennsylvania, which is a seven weeks away, even if she wins Pennsylvania, she's still going to be well behind
I got a story about that about how these statistics go
It's almost impossible for her to win on delegates
Almost impossible
So in Sputel last night, it says she won Rhode Island, Ado, Highland, Texas
And she got lawleth in Vermont, Ben and Jerry are probably happy about that
He pasted her by 22 points in Vermont, but she also pasted him in Rhode Island
I don't understand a lot of these states, I don't get it
But nevertheless, I'm sure you stayed up and lost till midnight 12th of October
Oh yeah, you know it
Didn't do it?
No
Why not?
Were you watching vacancy?
I didn't want to, no, it wasn't on
Oh, and what about, what's that all about?
I look for it
I look for it
Reach, reach
Reach for the breach
I don't see anything around here
It ain't on my feet, like you do
It ain't on now, if vacancy is on, but you're going to hear a lot of like that
Oh, and guess what?
Clarence was in there, no, were you there when he came in?
Yes
Oh, so you heard the fact he's not going to be here on Friday?
I did
Because he's got to travel from other sports
It's important things, I don't even know what he's been to
I wonder if there's going to be an inquisition to find out how come Clarence is not going to be around on Friday
He's going to be AWOL
Boy, just amazing to me, the kind of crap that codes on
And you have to get called in on carpet because I'm leaving it on Friday because I'm going on vacation
That's right
You've been doing for a lot of, you've got to say 21 years I've been doing this
It's locker
Too bad
Too bad
Too bad, screw off
If anybody don't like it, screw off
And you welcome again by the way for other vaguid job
Those five hours I did, several days while a little dog was there on jury duty alleged
God
Senator Swolory Rotten Clinton defeated Barack Obama in the Ohio and Texas primary's last day
Ending a string of defeats in when he won Vermont which they called really early
They made a dozen in a row
And letting her to soldier allowing her to soldier on a Democratic presidential nomination race
It seemed like they had named time soon
Swolory also on Rhode Island while Obama won in Vermont
But the results mean that Mrs. Clinton won the two states he most needed to keep her candidacy alive
She's still alive
Wow
In interview this morning on CNN she said she wasn't deterred by Obama's continued reading elected delegate support
Argued that she would need a stronger candidate in a general election against the now assured Republican John McCain insane
What's important is that this campaign has turned a corner she said
They turned the corner
Seeking to minimize the importance of Obama's string of victory
Swolory said a month ago people didn't know who the nominee would be
And said she was prepared to contest McCain on national security issues
Which he said would be the focus of his campaign
That phone is ringing at three o'clock in the morning you know where your kids are
You know who's answering the phone at the White House
You know who's on the floor with Monica Lewinsky I mean all of this stuff you know
So sick and tired of so many stupid people man just buying into that crap
Like what what what what is her claim to fame what is her big thing on national security when it came to the war in Iraq she said oh yeah
Here you go W here's a blank check go ahead and spend all the money and kill all the people you want to have a good time
That's her claim to fame on national security just like her fame to fame on health care that she just blew right down the toilet
On CNN this morning also a bomb appointed out he retains his leading delegates and said he had run strong
The states where he started a big disadvantage we started 20 points behind in Texas in Ohio he said he said he was not able to close completely the gap in those states
But he would continue to seek the democratic nominations as here like as if there was a doubt New York Times what a stupid Adam Nagourney what a moron you are Adam
Jesus New York Times this is a real newspaper once upon a time it was
Swirly's victory in Texas was razor thin and came early this morning after most of us had gone to bed
But by winning the size of the Ohio earlier in the night she was able to deliver a televised victory speech in time for the late night news
And the result there allowed her to cast Tuesday's the beginning of a comeback even though she stood a good chance of gaining no ground against a bomb in the hundred delegates
Well she picked up a few not many just a few
No candidate in recent history democratic Republican is one of the White House without winning the Ohio primary she said at around in Columbus
We all know that if we want a democratic president we need a democratic nominee who can win democratic states just like Ohio
Although she won the popular vote in Texas her hundred delegates was complicated by the states bizarre nominating process
Which includes a separate caucus that awards 35% of the state's delegates irrespective of the primary result
It is so stupid so half-assed every state makes up their own crap because almost as stupid as the fact that they're talking now about all the other seats the delegates from Michigan and Florida
Even though nobody campaigned in Florida and everybody agreed they wouldn't and that the delegates wouldn't count in Michigan
There was nobody else on the ballot except her on the democratic side
Remember that she got 55% against her and now you're nitpicking
Yeah, the Associated Press reported that all told Obama retains his lead in the delegate count with 1477 pledge delegates to her 1391
And 86 in the delegate lead the AP said that 100 and oh I see
That's not the final total he's 85 ahead right now based on whatever they're telling
On Republican side is all over my cuckold very he finally threw in the towel he picked up the viability ripped out the pages
He's oh the hell with God and the hell with John McCain and hell with everybody you don't want my ass no we don't
I'll go very go back where you came from okay go back into that hole in the ground you mugwump you Bible thump and jackass
And John McCain who just turned 140 years old he ain't looking too good let me tell you
Yes that makes her prepared to make that to make that call
We went into Texas no higher down 20 points you know we had 111 straights under clin decided
That they could only contest in these two states where she had an advantage and she did well
But as I said before we emerged with the same delegate delegate gap between her and me that we had essentially before we got in
And so you know we have constantly focused on the next states in front of us we got Wyoming and Mississippi this week
He's gonna kick her ass of Wyoming Mississippi baby two biggies
Oh wow okay let's take a look here at our pool
Forget about all this other huzzle while let's get to the important pool right right on 163 votes
What are we gonna do when we get to 1100 we got to switch it again huh see I like this pool from Sean and Hollywood
But the one about whose list of most dramatically declined but we don't have enough names on there
You know what I mean yeah we can pull build open the phones get out here build my ass
Oh my god oh look at that there's the cave man that's the old guy post spot where he said
Here put on the movie walkway and brought it back for the reason
He's pissed off man pissed off cave man anyway which out of business story you missed the most
Good poll by the way thanks Brandon bird eyes 188 service merchandise made a nice move there 117 for a strong second
Peaches 104 that'd be good FM station when it peaches 104
Yeah Woolworth's 99 Jordan March 86 Lionel Play World 57 incredible universe 42
To Eckerds 36 J. Byron's 36 far more 35 gold triangle 34 0 34 we could do the restaurant one today
I would have only done that about a hundred times but hey at least it wouldn't be like Tootsie Fussy
Who does the same pool every day and just has two choices on there what a moron what a jackass what an idiot
What a red nose the reindeer extra 33 Jefferson's 27 Western order 23 monkey war 23
Luria's 22 grand union 20 pantry Friday teen Mervin 16 Mervin
Who's that guy that or author creature he's dead too right he used to be the other on a more griffin show man his
Maven oh plus those fish and chips all of builder square 13 recruits 10 Richard 7 and modern age 5 out of
A thousand sixty five if we do the restaurant one man do you have any idea how many even have to be on there
Hunter like Lums and huh other it'll be fun though we kill out of the time and either that we can all go
Yeah, he'll be one in Texas in Ohio and Rhode Island yeah like that she's still ain't got a shot
Chinatown sense in hell effect. Where's that here's this article? I know we got to do the break
Former Kerry primary chief Clinton nomination impossible really that should make you feel a little better
It does statistically it ain't gonna happen and now she's talking about well maybe she's
So now she wants to be the vice president she wants to get her way back in and White House she like those
St. Diner's man and she like all of all those lackeys waiting on her every
S very sad somebody thinks the restaurant one or not I don't care
You get upset about those because all of us whatever I don't care yeah you do
It's for old people remember all those restaurants you think I got a
Psycho and you know what's it listen it can be for old people and it still doesn't upset me see you just write that in there
No, you know I get you have said Chris I get bored all give me crap I owe too bad
Too bad it's not a few bills or something I will ten fourteen
You put a big investment in your carpeting when you want to last for many many years so when you hear about the
Drag cleaning process it's dry concepts and they're clean today entertain tonight so many
It's because it's true your carpets I dry in one to three hours and they stay clean or a lot longer and last longer too
When you drag clean your carpet the colors are more vibrant and your carpets feel soft
And in soft water the human place like that so open your carpet of water and steam makes no sense at all
Drag cleaning is the real answer for you so call dry concepts and the only people in the world that do this call them at nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight
Don't forget you walk around on those floors all the time and just because you can't see the dirt on those carpets and all the schmutz
Doesn't mean it's not in there because believe me it's in there let dry concepts help sanitize and clean your home call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight
Dry concepts got a plan to make frequent cleaning easy to it affectionate the cost of regular cleaning to save you a lot of cash with their detailed maintenance plan
Ask about that when you call nine five four three seven oh seventy seven seventy eight clean today entertain tonight with our good friends a dry concept
Brickett's name the best talent you know he's new in politics four time you five sixty two am
Big sports leader
He'll ride your guy
Good morning Mickey Mouse is office groupy speaking good morning Goofy how are you a
Gotcha speaker let me see if I can figure this hello good morning it's Robert I could present and see over the
World Pizzic Company I'm sorry he's not amy's up home is anyway could pass me through please hold
Oh
Who is this sir it's Robert Iger president CEO of the World Pizzic Company oh man I'm what Nigar I'm sorry sir's everything okay I'm still
Stop sir hang on hey get bring me another prairie like there there are a periars sir sir no
Worcesters have tomato egg yet vinegar and pepper oh what is that supposed to do sir
And hatch the handover numb nut oh oh I got Janice Dickinson bringing me once you won't go home
What do you mean well we were in bed together watching the economy of war I was getting a
Buffy Rob from Janice who's healthy by the way right I love that yeah I say this
Watt from Tony right right sir that's a rammy the kids love them no no I'm the
Robin with the cheese in this company who put this movie out anyway without our certain Pixar what yes
Sir what was the Walt Disney Pixar production what was all when this got green lighted well sir came out in June
But you're was why I was in rehab oh yeah that's right sir nothing was supposed to go out when I was in rehab
Sir it was a big hit for us how much did it make 600 million worldwide I mean
Steve Jobs over Pixar those guys did a great job Steve Jobs is a moron I'd like to
Strangle with one of his iPod cables look at me I didn't really do iPod big freaking deal
I'm in the movies well taken even baby Academy Awards and it wasn't for me I hear a
I guess sir whatever well I'm sure did you enjoy watching the Academy Awards no I thought they were terrible
But who's that kid that one for writing June all the obelikotia fans has a town young screen right
She's amazing right wasn't she no no so she was an exotic dancer
thing you ever been to the champagne room I know sir of course you had it anyway they had signs up there
And say no sex in the champagne room right
I'm bulls**t bulls**t sir you got these a lot of pockets you didn't look anything in that room
I'm saying God on those dirty little but conscious more times than I can
Just don't tell many sir I would never tell many one more thing did you see George Clooney's daughter no
No sir that was his girlfriend
What yeah
Oh my god she's a who are two right no sir she's a waitress I think they may not make it same thing
You ever go to an eye hop you got enough money you'll have her flat jacks up on a grill get your sweat on
Right right hey give me a favor yes sir
Somebody over here get you in a stick and sit out what do you mean she's like my
Hocka be she don't know when to wait sir that seems horrible I mean do you want to call a police or something are you
crazy to police I got caught by all over here it's stuck to their naked bodies
Oh sure that sounds horrible now it's not horrible you have no right just send somebody over
We just I'll just send to her over there now I'll send take her he's worth what's all he does is bounce I need a cleaner a cleaner sir a
Cleaner someone the queen well sir then I'll send Mary Poppins over
Oh
One good thing about those are really long too okay here's the new poll
You with me I'm right here what are you against me yeah brother
What out of business restaurant if you miss the most now here's my short list okay
I say short because I'm sure that there may more that you guys
Oh natural what's that place place on this can arrange house I got it on there
Lums pick those ranch house kneels on open road
Crookies wolfies pump or nigs wags size replicate new even oyster house does in my list sizzler
Sizzler is gone yeah, and what about that when we were talking about the other day with the assangry and the sheen
Uh deep state charles. Yeah, the day is that one of the ones that they said was somewhere, but just not around here anymore. I can't remember
These state charles yeah, you know out of here no was staking it all that still exists right
That's probably says low one going staking ale man was good. Mm-hmm. I don't want to go through that whole side of the answer
Oh, we got a two-foot intensive now that the Zek is down to six hundred and an pound
He's take Charlie's okay any other ones
No, right up here. I thought I made a pretty good list there. That's fine starter list. Oh the Hungarian Charter
Do I really want to put that on there? Yeah, it used to be a sponsor on KIT 100 years ago
See I'm gonna vote for sizzler man. All you can eat shrimp
How do you spell charter
All right, I just guess who's gonna correct you?
He's gonna know the Hungarian Charter SCAR DA. I don't know how you spell it. That's close enough
Or maybe it's a CZAR I think it's CZ
Hungarian Charter that was on a Craig sponsor. I don't think I ever got to eat there Rocky Graziani's was good too, but it won't get any votes
But I'll put it on there anyway
What the hell is cracking his knuckles again? No, no really nasty
Thanks to be on an ear again, and you get another memo from John
You're eating on the air again. What was through said it was disgusting?
That's a good funny. Our list news are disgusting. I see her leave me
Putting the guy with a white t-shirt used to come to the hockey and he used to wear a t-shirt
There was like four sizes too small, you know
He need like a double X and he was wearing like a child small why I have no idea
And just nauseating just gross. There's nothing worse than guys who would think that they're real hot, you know, and they're oh my god
You know walking around in the hair is like off their back and like up over the top of the shirt. Oh
But anyway, to each its own, you know, I think that's a pretty good list
All right, and then we'll probably get some calls in you know
Of course, I can't take any because I don't I took your advice. I did not try to read a jigger this thing
It's good. Yeah, yeah, and that's why we're doing fine. That's why I got my internet
Yeah, go figure
Well, no, because I don't want to I don't want to screw up again
That's right sure that I probably will you know if you could see the massive
Fours and wires and schmutz that I hear behind the event very complicated. I don't want to deal with it
Senator swore we scored big last night taking Texas handle
Ohio State's her husband said rain must win for her to retain be a viability in a race for democratic nomination
but
A close analysis of the delegate counts which still favor Barack Obama even after Clinton's Tuesday bomb may put a Clinton victory out of reach
By some calculations Clinton would have had need to win more than 60% of the vote in a dozen contest remaining between
Now in June 7th the ketchup bomb and pledge delegates a steep challenge that given that so far
She's won that much only in one state her one time adopted home of Arkansas
Although I think she did get that in Rhode Island last night. She got like 60 or whatever she got
Maybe not even in New York where she's a sitting senator. She won 57% of the vote
She won 55% of Michigan where Obama wasn't even on the ballot neither was anybody else. She got 55% against nobody
By CBS news is count Obama remains ahead 15 hundred and 12 to 14 23
Which is 89 ahead by AP's count Clinton got 13 91 and Obama 14 77 which is 86 lead Jim Jordan Iran Senator John Karrie's initial primary race in
2004 told the New York Post he believes she can't win
Her durable
Durabilities impressive not astonishing, but she's still looking at some pretty cold hard numbers in the racetrack and said she's running out of time
She's running out of space. He described her Clinton nomination even with wins in Texas in Ohio as really impossible
Impossibly how do you like that?
Carey is endorsed Obama the nomination fight another democratic strategy told the Post is difficult to see how the math works for Clinton
If you look at most models out there circulating the one thing that's consistent is that she has to perform very strong
We don't have any hope of making up the deficit among elected delegates
Clinton supporters mean while say Obama's momentum is waning. No, it's slowing. It's not waning
Siding her victories in the two states the theory of momentum suggested Obama should roll up equally large margins today
But voters seem to want to keep this race going said Paul baggalla a former Clinton eight I suspect swallah agrees with them
He said
No person is ever won the white line about a beep but a boop bit about there you go
More propaganda more spin, you know people going vote and then these lunatics they have spin
Who's gonna get Ricky up low? I'm here with what's called a professional audience plan for the Clinton campaign
Hello your job is to cheer and applaud at everything Hillary says in her speeches, right?
That's perfect, but you do more than that. You have a specialty. Yes, I'm a fanta
It's my job to pass out you you think well
There's women who think that Obama speeches and they couldn't find one for Hillary so they hired me
Yeah, I see you so you're a woman I'm a lesbian
lesbian don't let me say it that way would you like to demonstrate how you do this sure?
Okay stand back a little okay here we go. Oh
Hillary you're so wonderful
Oh
Want to see it again, okay? You're not help me. I'm just doing okay. Oh
You are so wonderful
1032 to 560 WQM. So I'm ended at Taco Viva remember the old squeeze sure
Oh, baby used to come out of a Josh Freeman's naval
New York State House Marty Susman Reston piece, but it was a big track guy and big Wilson used to think along the piano there too
It's just a coming white put up Rocky, grotty and I did spell Hungarian charter right CZRD and that means a chart in
Hungarian means like farmhouse all right
So that's my list. Lama's piccolo's ranch house kneels corkies wolfies pumper next wags soon of course to be on there will be
Rascal house, but it's not until next month
Size River gate and winged with oyster house, but it was a good place. They have the best childhood. Do you read there?
No, they were all over the place. That was a big shame man. It was a really big shame
Sizzler beef date early is Hungarian charter rocky rossi and his New York State house in Taco Viva with that really good orange squeeze cheese
There was horrible
Plastic pieces. What was the name of that place the orange something in it? Orange balls orange ball right for what a memory
And you might even remember the but I doubted the Danish buffet
That used to be unlike
Not too far from where we work at IOD set right around the corner and on 79th Street
And then they moved to the beach and then they went out of business. It was a big Danish buffet about 80 million years ago
What the print print hamlet. Oh, what a memory remember the day, but the
I know what a memory you got to add that on there out Chris or George or somebody called a
Prince Hamlet a mlet you got it?
Had a factor I thought was from you. It's another fax ad got
I
Thought the faxes would be pouring in right now for this tremendous pool
And as soon as there gets it up there we're gonna like look at that. He's already got it up there
This man is unbelievable is what he is on
Bailey he is
How he does it? I have no idea. Do you have any idea magic? He's put up. We have a magic wand
In Orlando. He's got forest fingers. Oh, that's what I heard right
Let's see here it is which out of business restaurant you missed the most
And he's got rags on there instead of wags what rags? Oh
My god, what is wrong? And I am looking at the fax. I said him and it's got a W as clear as could be and he puts rags
See this is what happens when you want to be in too much of a hurry
Did a great job getting it on their fast?
But wouldn't you rather be accurate who's gonna vote for rags?
Like you're right. I'll vote for right now. I'll vote for rags even though I know it's supposed to be rags
Did lums have an apostrophe or the just a you mess? Lums, baby. Lums
Does it make a difference
They have an apostrophe or is it just if I didn't it was wrong you would have given me a hard time about it
So I would ask yes you would having having said that wanted you to go ahead and do it and allow them to have a hard time
Come on now play along. Well, it's already on there with it. Okay
Okay, I'm googling LUMs with no apostrophe
Oh, loves maybe fur too. No. Oh, yeah
The funky West family restaurant. There's no apostrophe according to Wikipedia. Now. What if I put it on it with an apostrophe? Let's see
Lums
How come that doesn't it's oh, yeah, lums with an apostrophe for the Ali burger
The Ali burger remember that?
Yes, and then it was one that Molly Ringwald like the Molly burger. Oh
Which out of business story mr. Most here's the final tally. We had a thousand ninety three votes
Oh, I should let it go to 1100 generally. Mm-hmm. Well if we just click view previous maybe it did go to 1100. Let's see
Let's take a few cat it. Come on
Right now is it
1095 well it might remember yesterday
They were like even after we changed the pool for some reason they creep up in there. I don't understand it anyway
Gurdines 194 service merchandise 119 all you give this is numbers today
He delivers from the primaries last night and numbers from your pole that yeah
There's nothing like a good number. Let me tell you that right now. I'd like to find one. Peaches 107. Well, we're so 100
Jordan, Mar 68 line old play world 57 incredible universe, which was really
45 J. Bywin slash upton 38 far more 37
Eckerds 37 Jack Eckerds dead. Oh, let's have a party
Gold triangle 35 Zairs aim 35 extra 34 Jefferson 27 Western auto 25 lucky war 24
Luria's 22 grand union 20 you just have a grand union right by me and Kindle there
I'm an end of became an extra and became I don't know a change every business on a corner of
Sunset and a hundred and seven
You know I'm talking about nope of course I do
Right on the corner there used to be a big grand union
Used to be something else and then it was a grand union and then I don't know what it is
I don't get down that neck of the woods when I'm in South Florida into a kindle and oh god
Panty pride 18 Mervin 16 builder square 13 Recreus 10 Richard's 7 and modern age Solventy Cinco
Out of a thousand ninety five vote only five for modern age wouldn't that like a furniture store? Yeah, yep
You know what we left out I
Give up a
Villa deli
That's right now that wasn't a restaurant that was a
Whatever way up there market was it a sit-down could you go in here and sit down?
I don't know what I'm asking. I think I don't know. I'm pretty sure
Should have now one of these polls. I'll be damn. I miss it man. Oh well me too
When he changed it to wags nice going Eric like I said he continues being astonishing you so good
So let's check the first number of votes on here, okay?
Which out of business restaurant you missed the most and of course we got to put like some of the oh how about what you call well
What was was
WUV apostrophe S don't leave out the apostrophe fat so wolves
We're just talking about that a couple weeks ago. I remember that about the great big volvus onion rings
That's right the big fat ones man. Isn't it like a big fat one?
But anyway
Was and what about the was that other was the one that used to be around the corner there on 79th and bisqueen
The burger joint see every time we do this. Yeah, I know the same like how's it my neck of the woods, you know
I don't even know what I'm talking about it was a chain was a very upscale
I know the area, but I never got there and those days
Come on
Big boys
Whoo by the way the caucus is in Texas. So mama one fifty two to forty eight percent any interest in that now
Well, what about the you know, it's just ridiculous
Oh look at that in white men to know how Clinton 58 in Obama
47
White men in Texas. She got 50 in Obama 47
Latina was in Texas. She got 67 percent and he only got 31. Oh my god. It's a Mexican grand slide
You got to know the name of that burger place. So was it Rudy's?
Well, there were Rudy's everywhere. I mean there might have been one there. How about Rudy Kazooie? Who?
Rudy's the time with an apostrophe Rudy's get that on the right way. What's your list? That was a good burger
It's one of the all-time best burger joints too good
Wouldn't be right. Yeah, it was too good. That's why it's gone. And of course once it's gone at the game
And then coming back. Oh, there's that alley felching there on in Texas. We spent the evening walking on a silly queen out one is man
Oh my god
Let's see. Oh the forge the forges gone
I can't believe that when did how did that happen? I thought I was sure you would have told me if the forge was gone
Is that where everybody used to get shot?
And I had that hole. Yeah, never a one time never had the displeasure with those micro were those nuke
Potatoes. Oh my god. That was so halicious the forge but we'll add out during the break up googling see if it's still around
I find it hard to believe that's gone but of course if the if the very famous
Watch a call it can be you're leaving the neighborhood. What is it? What you call it?
The Adele there at the rascal house. Oh, yeah, that could be closing it through as very soon. Then why not the forge right?
We don't have a part good for a south border
If you know what I mean no places good enough. Oh, we don't like that place. That's food socks. It's I know
Let's go to Mickey D's although I do like Mickey D's okay now. I like I can't in that way. It is what it is
That's what it is really fine. It's consistent unlike that's correct other places
Unlike some places like steak and shake where the shapes are great for the burger sometimes are like fallen apart and like
In 17 sections. I hate to say I wish I knew any other place where I could get what I'm expecting
You know a great fruit is like in sections, but not a burger right
You'll sit so close to the water you can taste it. That's why you drove to the beach
It's my pick for this week's Niels deal tomorrow. Oceans 234 and dear field beach
Every Thursday we bring another fantastic restaurant and save you tons of money and oceans 234 is more than fantastic
Just inches from the sand oceans 234 serves the lights of a la maize your tape buds
Starving delicious appetizer like the seared tuna lobster fritters with Caribbean chutney or shrimp and steak case idea
The entrees are really superb like the crab and crustacellian sea bass
Seared scallops mechadimia dolphin or king crab legs fresh succulent and delicious
And their ribs chicken New York strip or a full-life of land lovers oceans has got live entertainment a gorgeous weight stack
And the cocktails are just the way you like them
And tomorrow at noon will have the wqm.com store opening log on to wqm.com
You'll be able to buy $100 certificates for hand price just 50 bucks for a great meal and a tropical ocean view atmosphere
Oceans 234 at the end of Hillsborough Boulevard and dear field beach look for the water you can't wait to order at oceans 234
The best
Spread them and say cheese purposes campaign is to bills for the future
Not just to focus on 2008 is to build alternative parties build new democers
Involve more people
As I get things done I've got a 40 year record here in Washington big money and the closing down of Washington
Again citizen groups prevent us from trying to improve our country on everybody
To have the right and opportunity to improve their country. We lose your government. You better go in the electoral room
Many years
Pensionary sick die already round this die 14.4. Let me hear the schedule
We got the jerk show it to the second noon and then add dog four to six thirty
But he gets to leave early that cuz we got hurricane warm-up six thirty to seven and then it's you and then bc at
Seven o'clock
Followed by the D. A show. Have you like to follow you and basketball? All right
It's like following it almost like following that the dolphin doll asks a white show for two hours
Nevertheless, how about heading ways didn't you wife used to work there? Yes
Have we been through that about eight million times already now?
So do anymore and by the way the forages still around whoever sent that is trying to get a struggle
Likewise the facts that I just sent you talks about floors are they still there? I don't remember what happened
They they changed ownership and it went south believe you me it wasn't up saying never the last
All boy does that bring back some great memories of you I would be for those were the days baby
Yes, it was when we took that pull a few days ago about to show the stations from the past those were the days my friend the salad days
Oh my god, floor is used to come by all the time. They didn't even advertise. Nope. Once upon a time they did for a little while. I believe but at any rate
And everybody said wants to go that neighborhood, but anyway
Uh, we didn't have a choice. Yeah, we never choice. We had to go to work there right
Flores on 79th Street. It's in the best hand calzone ever and Vito's pizza north Miami Beach across from crispy cream. Oh Vito's right
That's the right name. I know it is it is Vito's yes
I remember that they had that stuff pizza. Oh, yeah, oh my energy. What was the only unicorn? Is that the long gone?
I would have thought yeah for years they moved let's put that on there. That was a helpful joint, but that's a really great stuff
Unicorn it was a sponsor mine for a long time and then they uh vanished right Vito's Vito's pizza you want to put that on there sure
What it it's not there anymore? Oh my god right across where the unicorn used to be 163 and not far from crispy cream. How about you that crispy cream?
Is still there is it?
Yeah, it is and what said diner that's right next to a crispy cream to 163 everything on 163 is probably long gone now
I haven't been there at all while well
It's not your kind of place anymore. No or my
No, that it ever was really but some time. Sure was
Sometimes I would have to go through there. There was like a toys or us or something now there
There was a wolfies there I threw many times until I bitch said oh we don't take a Chad's guy for lousy ten dollars
And I said well here. Here's my lousy middle finger for honey stick it
So for us is gone we need to get a spy report. Yeah, I don't know
People should call a chris and tell him about these can't answer the phone. Yeah, that's really sure
Well seriously call up in the off the air and I'm not gonna put anybody on here because I can't do it anyway
And we don't we don't want it. Okay, we could but we don't want it because that's pull building and you know what?
Poor poor buildings boy
Haven't heard from that guy in a long time. That's another good reason not to take the calls
Well, what's the point? What is the point?
What did I ever do to you and the thing with that guy is he would like call and say something almost like like quasi
Rational and then at the end. Oh, what did I ever do to you? You need a same old crap, you know on the
Fill in the blank guy, you know
I'm a quarter-slot guy. I'm the jackass guy. I'm the ratings guy. Oh
All you people are one calls and by the way, I deleted that jackass David from St Petersburg
I blocked him. I'm just tired of you
Life's too short. Yeah, life is too short to put up with people who want to nudge you
You know my mother's been dead for about three years four years whatever it is and I don't want to be nougete anymore
Okay, I don't like being nougete. You know what that is nougete. I can only imagine
Which is happening what are you talking about? Oh?
Oh, did you lose it again?
You have an at-same problem. Well, you know, it is
Yeah, I'm sure you're gonna have to and they're gonna have to be there
It's right there outside for what it's worth it's thundering and lightning and uh, it's a nightmare outside
What was I
I wish you could hear what I'm hearing on my end like about one tenth of every can't reset it until the break
Haven't we set the thing on it and please okay
So anyway, we need somebody call Chris. I can't hear from down there anyway. Tell you we said it okay
5 6 7 0 5 60
Tom 5 60 now. Let's see. I'm not gonna see the lines bring it either if they're calling in because I don't have my thing connected the internet
I sure hope you come back. Can you and I'm assuming you can hear me okay. Yep. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I heard that. Yep real quick
It's stormy. Are you sitting in your watch? They'll be setting it. It's stormy outside. Just I hear like all right
But
Now we got a way for Neil to come back
Jesus H. Christ. I don't even have any music ready
I gotta do the show at noon on Friday
What I said to you was true joebell and he was a slacker
He takes advantage of the fact that you can do whatever the hell he wants
Nobody's gonna stop him you need to make him hourly new contract. I was still doing the same thing
Am I back? Are we back? All my lights are on here on my thing all the five lights are on and you're gonna be okay
I guess I guess yes
No, I just heard like that well
Like somebody pulled a plug on the damn line or something
Somebody went back there and somebody see I think it's because we got that thanks about the forge
They're already getting evil with us. You don't mess with those people treat it. You know what I mean? No
I don't think you're gonna come back. I think it's just gonna be me
Just in the course when you play a spot you're not gonna hear that either
Come on anybody doing anything about this or is this uh, you know or tell me what you're talking about
But hey, I should be court. I'll tell you what I'm gonna put in your head. I'll record the thing and you talk
One right day in the middle of the night you dead boys got up to fight back to face each other through the street inside
Shout each other
The deposition only came to hold the two that voice
You would have one and he's like to
And you would keep talking like that my check my check
Like a little little little list of sound. Yeah, that's all I get
Yeah, yeah
Oh
Now there's no point I don't so anyway. Let me look at the pool now. We got the new one up there
And I'll just keep talking. I'm assuming I'm on the ear. Am I on the ear? Yes
Yes
Like that
Should I reset my thing again?
Okay, sure, huh? Why not? I'm gonna reset it right on me. Okay, we got to then we have three minutes before the break
I'm gonna go walk around yeah, behind the way more fun than this
And how is this possible? I'm assuming you can do something the audience can hear you
Yeah, the audience hears me fine. Just pretend you're the one who calls the word there. I'm gonna reset my thing. All right. Go ahead. We set your thing
We said now. Oh for the love of God. Oh, what?
Oh
Yours again, it's a hit your rent of course
Of course, oh there you go. What difference does it make? Can you hear us now? I hear you all right
What I was writing on a fax over here. Yeah, it's storming like a mother down right now
It's a ran like I say a a be the audience hears us both just fine
So just you can't hear me
Right the audience here. I know what am I supposed to do about that? You know this
Stopping and trying to hear me business is you know terminal. So just just just go on
I hear what you're saying just pretend the blanks before everyone that it doesn't matter just go on and
And
Yeah, the engineers know about it. Everybody's running around trying to do something about it
But this is gonna happen because once again, it's storming like us some of it outside really yes
Here the snow is finally stopping looks like to me and it's a mess out there
It's a mess. I think it's the end of the world folks
I don't want to get anybody all panicking on herbice because that would be irresponsible in my part, but
That's for damn sure. Cue it up some tunes just in case
Cue up some wax man. That's right. Get some gase to wrap going here. Okay. Did anybody call it about floris? Is it a year or a name?
Um, they haven't called that florist supposedly. Lumb there's still a lumb's around
Yeah, I know the original no, they're talking about the one on baby rotor extension. That was gone
It's gone once it's gone put lumps. I thought there was one around what it's already on there
But nobody called about florist. Yeah somebody please call let us know if florists are still in existence on 79th Street in
In Miami five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the Verizon singular rightless line. Well, this is a technical disaster
I was here. Oh the place by crispy cream
I think I'm gonna have a look at the place by crispy cream and ham and eggry that's right is it still there? Oh yeah
Well, that's been there about a thousand years just like that place called in for Lauderdale the eggry
Not the ham and eggry. They'll call the eggry go to
Go on a federal highway
That's been there for about 500 years. Oh, I've said to some other restaurants GGs every time we do this
I got to put that on there G i e i apostrophe as GGs in for Lauderdale used to be in it like by pure 66
And it was like an leaning at tower pizza kind of a building
Man, that was great. They had
The best all the Italian dishes had like you know baked cheese in them
Who was hemlock an Italian doll to go roll the down the chair when they would bring it to check
There would be cheese on the check the waitress who said cheese on her cheek. Mm-hmm. It was great. That's great GGs
GG
Now they may call about florist yet or what are they calling or were not yeah
What is the name of the place that you wanted to know because people are calling and giving all these other stupid suggestions now
GGs
Flores Flores as we want to know about florist baby fauna and
This is the neo-roger show
To
This is softball with christmas views one of these candidates to be president 2008 but are they qualified?
I'm christmas. Let's play softball
Killing clinton and walking to the softball. I'm gonna ask you a question. Everybody else is free to ask and are puppies
Are they cute Chris? I love puppies. I'm gonna hold you to that Rudy Giuliani
You are mayor of New York a 9-11 pizza is it delicious? Well, Chris. Uh, it depends it depends on the toppings
Sometimes you need to question a thousand pieces delicious. Of course. Yes, it's delicious. I'm gonna question and I find a Barack Obama
Joins as via Sally senator Obama. Do you love your mother? Absolutely, Chris. I think everyone loves his or her mother
Keep it a month as a softball after the break Fred Thompson will give his state on his mouth fresh baked chocolate chip cookies
I've raised values to you as a softball
Love about one. Well, I looked it up. I've been busy googling a lot here
Why you've been trying to get your acting up? There's a big line of thunderstorms going through like from a lot like on a slant across the state
Okay, but it's gonna be gone. It'll be gone and once it's gone
You know, it's going to be wounded now that'll be it
Here's one for the list says somebody and it's interesting because um Brandon's been trying to figure it out
He sent me an email like oh, yeah, that place in hell and they all uh that was by you know, maneros
Monero steakhouse in hell deal for years and I'm going to tell you not only they have great stakes
But they were famous the faxes and it's right for their gorgonzola cheese salad. You ever have that?
Not from there, but I mean there was all
With huge chunks of organsola cheese man huge big fat chunks
mm-hmm
Is that M-I-E-R-O-F?
What is it? M-I-N-E-R-O
Pots of S
M-A-N okay
E-R-O
Apostrophe S
Yes, okay, so callers I've had against to say
Flores isn't there anymore. I had three or four say that florises there with the original owners
It's just called either east side pizza or floris east side pizza or something like that, but it's still the same people
Same location
Um someone wanted to call and say that lums on davirota is still there. It's still the real thing is still the original
I okay, I'm so it's still it's winning the poll
I'm gonna take off the one is winning the poll
Well, you know, I'm just there's one on davirota extension
Okay, so is everybody in the work going to go to davirota extension?
So they can go to lums. I don't think so get those hot dogs steamed in beer and those molly burgers
Mm-hmm
Anyway, oh okay, and then yeah some people try to uh
Suggest some other ones if you wanted them or not go ahead black angus
Black angus right?
studio
This oh my god out of sight out of mind Freddy's studio restaurant. That was one of my best sponsors of one of the best and food
Wow studio. I'm what about the monks in every time we do this we got to put the monks in and then I carry my
I mean I think they're putting you down here. I'm just clapping your lip. I'm gonna add them on
And then they go in monks in get in them sir. Gretems or something like that. What is your writing?
Regrettoms it was starts with a G I think the g-r-e-t-u-s-s. I guess I can read it. I wrote it
I read him's Gretems something like that. Yeah, you know about it. Gretems my ass and then
I'm about to have place that used to be Alan Burke's philosophy the spiced apple is that still there?
I don't think so we're gonna have a table with my name on it and I never write there in my life. I don't know
Spiced apple
You don't know you ought to see the forge website by the way. They got the whole menu on there
So whoever told us the forages trying to get us in deep do do okay. We're not gonna mess with him
To be this week we think we'll do well and then we go on to pencil bayon the other states the Paul
Obama says oh this guy this Tony here is I'm gonna tell you something if murder was legal. I wouldn't even have a second thought
Which out of business restaurant you miss the most is our poll question 100 votes already on the brand new poll pretty weak
What do we do on the first one almost 1100 right
Oh, what about how it was? Well, I look you know
We got so many of these damn things at least we changed it up for every day
We don't give you like what's the best
Trilett paper and then keep doing that every day for like six months and pretend we got a poll on the show like we're trying to like oh
Futsi
1098 on the previous
We had 1100 on the previous once we got 1200 vote all right and so in 1105 there's swore
We're patient to go into body
With the bad thing
Yeah
He couldn't even figure out which damn dishes the milk or her flesh I could use on young kipper
Which I
Think about that
Which out of business restaurant you miss the most long 20 there is that one on baby rotor station
I would go there and get me a dip my weenie and beer if I were you
Remember those the hot dogs steamed in beer I remember there was a longs right there on
Fixie highway
They'd be hungry for it even though already eight
Why after work when I used to work till midnight boy that was bad because you go out and get a big meal and go right to bed
And it would lay in your foot picking you'd be just
Humongous just the fat the big ball of fat in your colon was just building up like a bowling ball, you know
Long this 20 syslar 18
16 whatever do we go oyster hours 11 wolves 10
I used to wolf wolves boy that was good crap
The onion rings were as big as your fist, you know, I mean oh, yeah
Wolfies eight corkies eight beef day Charlie seven wag six
Boy used to eat it wags all the time man
Ranch house six puppetex five rocky ratchiannes has got two. I can't believe that that was a good place
It was on biscuit and about 130 fifth of their bouts
And I think was right across the old Hungarian Charter
I think there's some German restaurants that disappeared too
You know, it was really very good. I give up now Hollywood your your city of residence. Yes
Now what's what's the mall on park avenue? There's a mall there called the Hollywood with a Hollywood something
What is that mall like park additive? Yeah
Park park street what a road for whatever it is
You want to start nitpicking now why yeah because I don't know how many years have I been anywhere near there for quite a life
You're starting to nitpick about a nick when you're when you're done. I'm gonna tell you. I don't know of any mall on park road
so keep going
By Hollywood Boulevard. Yeah, there's a shopping center there. Well, so what is it? I don't mean mall
It's a shopping center. He said well, and it was a place called Mr. Dunderdecks
Never heard of it. German restaurant. They had the best damn brat worst. Oh man. That place was sensational
The order was a real a hole, but it was a good place. I think he was. I don't know maybe not
See I got to cover myself because maybe it's still here
But it's clearly not the basis is that place even still there because
The fashion mall they keep trying to like are we are I don't
That's sad one of these days. They'll get something go there
They'll put something in there and somebody will like show up and buy something when that be something
uh
Rocky Ratie and his two size Rivergate to that was an old um
Pan-Pang out size Rivergate
Neales to that was an Alton road what they had that I still can't get over the French onion soup this cheese was so thick man
It was like a brick wall. Love it. Pickle those two
Oh, what was the other place on South Beach? Church pub. Let's get that on there right away
Larry can't use you there a lot now. He's dead
Church pub
You want to know another one? Yeah, are you putting these on or am I just talking to myself?
Yeah, I'm just talking to my self-pub or marries in North Miami
I'm 441 Northwest to 7th Avenue and 130 something
Mary
Oh
Pickle those two black a-ness one
Manero's one Vito's pizza one Villaville one Prince Hamlet one
Your steakhouse one Hungarian Charter one the studio monks in and
Gigi's have known so far. How is that possible?
The studio is just phenomenal man. I mean phenomenal. They had to be stroking off there
That was just it was 400 times better than sex. That's how good it was wow
The studio Freddie is dead. I think that quite a while ago
And the restaurant flagged before that well that's what happens to you know people about banding you and them
Oh jeez you died. Friday will see if the audience is abandoning us
We got those trends coming up 10 o'clock Friday morning clearance
We're sure to fax me all the men plus numbers there for us and laxie said you want the iod numbers? I said no
Waxie who cares about waxie are they even still on the air for Christ's?
I don't know let's start a rumor. We're gonna rock the air
Let's Steve Lack put turn them into a all uh, poor chick East Asia or something
Which is kind of what he would do because he's talk about our radio loser my god Steve Lack
600 stations doing all sports now and Ray Perry's having a party in his pants about it too
I can tell you where the party is it's the array is that though
When you get to be uh this age, you know, you don't want to have a party in your pants because it generally turns out to be
And it wasn't one you planned you know, I mean that kind of a party
Morning dad says dual of historical gilts
Do I have time for this before the break absolutely not
But that's coming to a radio near you the radio speaker near you
I enjoy these uh the old restaurant place the brief back a lot of memory. It does a lot of tech dance on your taste buds
No, I'm looking for the tap dance music here we go
I'm your taste buds studio out of hope
But you have to be at least 100 years old and remember a lot of these
How do you ever eat at the monks in lever? I mean remember where the hell it was it was in date county somewhere at the monks in was in the gables
Christie's is a layer right of course
I'll tell you Christy is still there right
See I'm gonna do you know you don't know you gotta do it you gotta step on the air
What I said I'd never heard of it
Christie's around your four miles something yeah, I'm your full
You better believe it stories a damn good place and George does know from it because it's in date county and in date county
He don't speak George's language
Breaking news
Rhythm we talk of a 10-day cruise to Baja carrying dozens of people sick and by the morlant
We should
You threw up on my gram gram the illness to produce nausea, vomiting and diarrhea. I think I may fall in
The
Dookie everywhere
You enjoy growing up every five minutes. It is the fourth suspected outbreak of war the ship since last year
I saw this truck guy throw up and then a pigeon ate it the rhythm except the set sail again tonight
For
I feel it and throw up I might explode
It's love at 16 I would see the unicorn or Rudy's on this list here
I could be wrong about that maybe uh, you know, let's just left it to the craps turn all the time
Yeah, but they slip to the crack
Just like what we just heard there sounded like something slipped through a big crack
We had the unicorn and Rudy's Rudy's was great. You know, remember Rudy's I'm sure you do I do
There was one right as you drove around as you went north on this game, Boulevard
She drove from the one I went to was out the one in Pembro puns on university in like as you drove
I'm 79 street and then you made the right hand turner on biscuit boulevard. It was run right off the corner there
Rudy's and you went through the drifter after work many a day after work at iod
Go through the drag through and just mind your mind. Maybe it was good by the way
Well, yes, uh, somebody's uh one of the factors that's coming across you right now is explaining the
The fact that that shopping center that I'm familiar with yes used to be evolved back in your old days before
That's right my mother lived there in that other place
So there you go the reason that I don't remember there being them all there is because I didn't live there when there was a mother
Now it's like a park park road and the Hollywood and Hollywood indeed
And I guess I found something online here, which believe me we could go till midnight although I don't want to waste the facts
Maybe we got a long list
It's a uh website memories of old Miami and date county florida
And I started printing it out because it looked pretty interesting and had restaurants and other things
And then it says page one of 62 well when it says pace
One was yeah, too. I don't think I'm gonna let it keep going
I can't have different pages, but you know I'll get to that in a minute
Do all the historical guilt strikes moring down in the New York Times today
She says someone in a women in their 30s 40s and early 50s who favor Barack Obama have a phrase to describe what they don't like about Hillary Clinton
Shorter pad feminism
They feel that women have moved past that man our pigs is what was me sisters must stick together
Pantsons are powerful era that Hillary's campaign is likely to be five with the vengeance
The men our pigs always me sisters must stick together
Pantsons are powerful era and they don't like Gloria Stein
Another old school feminist trying to impose gender discipline and call to order on the sisters
As a woman I know put it Hillary doesn't make it look like fun to be a woman and her
I've been victimized campaign is depressing
But Hillary carried on the panty shoulders of the older women in Texas or how in Rhode Island who loved her
I will survive rallying cry
That I'm a little older never in every wrinkle on my face has been saved to fight another day
Exit polls to show that fans of Hillary who won't say they'd be happy with Obama if Hillary dropped out
We're hardening in their opposition to him while Obama voters were not so harsh about her
Three Hillary volunteers older women from Boston approach the New York Times reporter in Austin, Texas parking lot on Tuesday
To vent that Hillary hasn't gotten a fair shake from the press
They said that they used to like Obama but now can't stand it because they think he's been cocky in this respectful to Hillary
As Hillary remarkably and cleverly put Obama on the defensive about a real estate deal health care and after her campaign
Ratchet it up the retro battle of the sexes when they sent that in fine-stun on the Fox News Sunday morning talk show
To promote the idea that Hillary should not be forced up regardless of the results of yesterday's primary simply because she's a woman
For those of us that are partly women not need to apply to generation that goes back to the time
I went out to get my first job following college and year of graduate workers in extraordinarily critical race to send her said
With Obama saying the hours upon us to elect the black man and Hillary saying the hours upon us to elect a woman
The Democratic primary has become the ultimate nightmare of liberal identity politics
All the victimizations go tripping over each other and colliding a competition of historical guilt
People will have to choose which Americans sins are greater and which stain will have to be removed first as misogyny worse than racism
It always races and worse than misogyny
As it turns out making history is actually a way of being imprisoned by history
It's all about the past
Old America's racial past be expunged or America's sexist past be expunged
As Ali Gallagher a white Hillary violent here in Austin told the Washington Post
Crystal Williams a friend of mine a black man said to me my ancestors came to this country in chains
I'm voting for Barack
I told him when my sisters came here in chains and on their periods I'm voting for Hillary
And meanwhile the conventional white man sits on the Republican side enjoys the spectacle of the Democratic's
Democrats identity pile up and victim lock
Just as Michelle Obama urged black to support her husband many shoulder-pads feminists are growing more fierce in charging that women who let
Obamalee progo or Hillary are traders
Julie Acevedo a precinct captain for Obama and Austin noted that many things were getting ugly around Friday during the early voting
Which he saw some very angry women just stopping by us to go to vote for Hillary they cut us off when we tried to walk
Talk about Barack
I'm 46 he said a fundraiser for state politicians
Maybe I missed it by a few years
But I don't know why these women are so fueled by such hostility and think other women are misogynists that they don't vote for Hillary
It's insulting and disturbing
She said if Obama definitively outpaces Hillary she will work to heal the wounds and rule back women who are now angry at him
Watching Bill Clinton greef and out of dress the big dog is been muscled an excited group of students at Texas State University in San Marcos on Tuesday
19-year-old Allison Kroelzerk said she was leaning toward Obama and felt no gender guilty about voting for him
Not at all she said I think they're both pretty amazing
Your crowd held up their camera phones to cap to the former president in his bright orange tie and orange brown
Osteridge cowboy boots. We love you Bill the old one boy. You did a good job except for Monica
Hey, you might have done a good job there. How do you know? Yeah, that's right. You never know
Or maybe she did a good job. Well, let's see here's the guy in Hollywood says they oh the brick oven
Yeah, the brick oven pizza where they had like that real kind of authentic Italian pizza the real thin crust
They cooked in the wood burning brick ovens
The brick oven
Been closed for many years. We're lucky for me location was available. We own pines peach to be in October open
Says in Hollywood. Well, good luck. He had pines pizza
Where the brick oven used to be and then here's another fact says the old Hollywood mall was located
Hollywood Boulevard in park road the German deli there was called Lawson's Deli
Well, and maybe it was called Lawson's Deli once upon a time
But once a least once it was called Mr. Dunderdecks and I'll guarantee you that my bottom that was a great place
They had really great German food the mall is closed down and target is there now oh
The Hollywood fashion center was yeah, I know that Hollywood Boulevard in 441 the deli there was called Mr. Dunderdecks
Oh, no
They're got them confused it would definitely not okay, Mr. Dunderdecks was in the Hollywood mall
Trust me when I tell you I do because that was ready this both were great, but they're long gone and once they're gone
They're gone the Viking restaurant was on federal highway across the New York for it's an I don't know about that
I don't know from no Viking. Oh and another great restaurant. I'm in Fort Lauderdale on federal highway
That fondue place what that was that called
The Swiss
Sally that's it real out the Swiss Shelley get out of here's a Swiss Shelley the what I was miss miss my ass. I have foot up be hard
The first fondue restaurant in South Florida was called the Swiss it was in Fort Lauderdale on federal
Not too far enough south of Freddy's anchor bar there. The Swiss something somebody will know
I'm getting back to these 85 pages. I got here about living in the past
I know you get all bent out of shape about this you you enjoyed you pretend you don't I like it fine
So memories of Dave County and Miami in the 50s 60s and 70s you know you grew up in Dave your Miami if you remember
The Dave County Courthouse was the tallest building in the county
The beautiful marble Miami Public Library was in Bayfront Park east of this game Boulevard later turned down as a sign of progress
Shopping a night in downtown Miami because the store stayed open late-sirt nights of the weekend shopping centers and malls weren't developed in the sub-roject
Citicle leaders were still working to make downtown more viable at night
Which they haven't seen since the 50s and 60s going to movies in downtown Miami day or night because it was safe to go downtown
And there were several theaters on flyover street
Shopping in the little river area because the north side shopping center had an open year for folks in the north end of the county
The county's bus system being owned by the Pauli family would black's required to ride in the back of the bus for decades
Dave County eventually bought the bus line from the family and along with the beach and gables bus systems gave us a consolidated bus system
The viscane dog track this can't kennel club next to Ion Idi five-westerberry college came all the merunders that
Amelia Earhart field formerly Miami Municipal Stadium on lezune road air shows it enabled air station and marine court air station masters field on North
West 27th and North campus of Dave County later Miami day junior college being built on masters field
The Miami Beach dog track at the southern tip of Miami Beach. I sure remember that place remember it
They'll that's where the turp was down there right at the ass end of a Miami Beach
The tropical parkour racing track that had the early winter racing dates
Highly race track that had the primal to racing dates and was packed with tourists every day was open
The Colosseum on Douglas Road was a large bowling alley and a skating rink but it served other purposes during its life
The air raid sirens they went off countywide every Saturday at noon or 1 p.m. To make sure they worked
The Army Corps of Engineer Federal Property along government cut on the south tip of Miami Beach
With somehow ended up with the city and then a condor developers instead of becoming a public park
Mr. Bill Miami Snakeman Haas and the Miami Serpentarium that operated from 48 to 84 at US one and southwest
126 three the Serpentarium I remember 85 years old still works with snakes and lives in Plena Gorda
Remember that I do we used to eat next to it every Sunday on the way to Hobie Beach
The 36th Street Airport before most of the airlines moved to new 20th Street terminal in 59
The crossing arms on Luzune Road that blocked beautiful traffic while National Airlines propeller aircraft taxi tour from their maintenance
And now big uh, Baker Aviation School on the east side of Luzune Road
The public observation deck since I've a very concrete mine international with the 10 cent turnstiles that most of us
Hopped over without getting caught the Beatles arriving my international to appear on the at Sullivan show and vacation in the year
The original Tammy M Airport on the Boone's on southwest 8th Street now
If you the County's colleges would have been indeed due to have done for the airport's been given up
It seemed like half the time worked for Eastern Airlines and actually airlines are Pan American World Airways rest in peace
Well, this isn't good stuff, you know what? I might just print out the other uh 60 pages
And sit here and ramble on and on and on what do you think sounds great tell at least midnight
That effect recorded will play from new to the P1 Friday
For the whole
The old man doesn't have a chance
He's John McCain and he just can't stop singing for you
And he is the band with long blonde hair
War
No gay pony contracts
Miles were to be with us to attain power in the riches day on our imagination
And the knowledge is mad that embassy to rival the millionaires playground of Dubai
That's what it's good for
I'm John McCain and I am thrilled for studying here in my simulated rice party cell that I had constructed in my basement for a whole time
Uh
Beware of eloquence my friends
Don't like them sweet talk you into peace
There's not much happening here
So let's wage war for a hundred years
It's 1131 at 560 WQAM
Sporting brew somebody faxes in once located the the gateway to western our vital parkway
It was owned by Tim Robby and family and it was great right on the lake your state used to promote it
I think it was me foe oh not me foe that's what might tell the sporting brews you got that we got it
What about nieba's roast beef he used to be on federal highway and sunrise there for a lot of it right where the road turns there
You're trying to get used to own nieba's called in one day a long long time ago back in the day nope
Yes, we did I need this roast beef U.S. one in sunrise by the way it was a ruby's for a while afterward and matches take ranch in mind the beach
Wow
Mr. Dunderbach is located inside university mall
between maces and sears in Tampa
The university at mall I never heard of the university mall did you
Yeah
Mr. Dunderbach's
Home of 24 draft beers over 100 bottled imports as well as a full menu traditional German dinners and deli sandwiches
Wow also home of the Tampa beers home brew club
Like a bunch of drunks hanging out there. Well, they're gonna go mr. Dunderbach. That's whatever was
That was a good place man. I love that place. It seems like only I don't know two three hundred years ago
right
All these punks you know I said oh we don't know about any of these places
You know what you missed out the good stuff. Okay, I hate to break the news to you. What about the painted horse morgue sport?
I wish I could think of the name of that fine-do place Swiss
Swiss miss
Swiss this
Can't think of it
What about the painted horse morgue sport bisky now hundred thirteen three not you're gonna close by I love that place as a kid in the sixties
His dog well put it on there painted horse morgue sport painted horse
One put it on or not. I don't care. Sure. Put whatever you want on there. Let's have five thousand different entries on there
It's better than having like two hamburger joints on air be day for six months like Woody to a footsie to
Tooty
Now let's see I
There's all kinds of stuff on this guy
Don Boyd art galleries or is it say all galleries oh all gallery
I don't know who this guy is but anyway. He's got some really interesting stuff here online
I
95 starting and ending in north west 29th street till they finished the sexton the US one south of downtown
North was 36 feet was the major east was how we tell the airport expressway was built with a ten set toll on the airport expressway
The traffic circle this office here's on bisky and boulevard and the giant copper-tone billboard on the southeast portion of that circle
With a motorized moving black dog pulling down the girls bathing suit bottom
The mining news minis great fuel surprise running afternoon newspaper published by cops newspapers. That was a damn good paper baby
I wonder how how Howard Klanberg's doing and the misses
See like you said before the show we were talking to me. It's a bad thing to say something like that
And then somebody will call or say oh Howard died like so you know, yeah, I hope not get over to
Subscription costs in the 60s were five cents a 15 cents on Sundays
In mining news originally was in the tower on bisky and boulevard freedom tower later moved to the new building on my river north west seventh street
gave the heralds a much needed competition
Coconut Grove was full of hippies artists of
brawless ladies and a lot of pot
Flamingo Park was full of hippies and protesters burnt during wealthy 72
Democratic and Republican national conventions on Miami Beach with nudity almost every night in the big pool
The Miami marlins playing baseball at Miami baseball stay and that was the minor league marlins at least officially the minor league marlins
The marlins if you like the way Joseph's a marlins. Why does he do that the marlins?
Who I can't use to say the dolphins. No rose. He says the marlins hadn't noticed. Yeah, that's because you will listen
That might be regal beer and black beer breweries in northwest Miami both were awful
But they were cheap rick and back her cause. I had a drawbridge a total of 25 cents
Miami marine stadium on rick and breaker we could watch hyperplane races or rock concerts
The Cavana's you can rent daily at Clenden Park but this goes on and this is good stuff the world castle chain
Restra- oh here's the painted horse
whoa
The A&P supermarket on northwest 60s second street to east of hialia the food fair supermarket chain with merchants green stamps get in a way for every ten cents a purchase
food fair
The Grand Union and Quick Check Supermarkets the zairs and Grandway discount department stores the luskins high five stores
We're low prices prevailed like Grantsmore today the midway wall at mall on the up on metal flagged street the lindsley lover and reno
Lumber store
Johnny and Mac by the railroad track remember that nope. Yes, you get out of here. I don't
You remember the commercials Johnny and Mac by the railroad track. What are you some kind of a punk? Yeah
The Towers restaurants in several Miami locations in the 50s
One at northwest 36th street just west of northwest 7th Avenue towers. I guess you better put that on there
Towers got it to be canoeing towers to sure
John stay cast in hialia
The painted horse like a new restaurant dress north of Miami shores at 114 95 this game. What about it was 99 cents for ID can eat 49 cents for kids
The Johns ice cream powers day a hm one on miracle myelin gables one on a one a in sunny
I was a great place for taking your girl on a date especially she like ice cream Sundays
What about Swenson's is a goners. It's still around
Still not it's still there. I heard still there. Yeah cross me on
The world castle chain restaurants with minimum seating at the counter in no table seating in salade the years
Burgers with fried onions on top were 15 cents birch beer in a frosty model with a nickel and then seven cents and glazed honey buns were delicious
Oh yada yada yada. I want how rain arles doing call in when when I take any calls but call in
The burger king chain started in Miami on northwest 36th Street east of the airport
The lungs home of the hot dogs came in beer with our crowd and frosted schooners of beer
One still exists in Davy with all the original menu items
The dressels dairy bar on my me dairy road north was thirty thirds where we could buy ice cream milkshakes
Etc. And the kids could pet barnyard animals on the huge front lawn
I'll while watching your crap going overhead. He's the land you've been taking off from my my to the east the black belt dairy
Sir William's pub rest brought next to a 36th mile and dairy road later became the spirit
Remember spirit I've got a line on you. Yeah, well here no. Yeah, I like that. It's a good song
Mm-hmm
Paulson bakeries on us one that admitted delicious a world was of the bread being baked
Oh, we got that here on the gardener's breastway. Oh, I love that. Oh, that smell of bread
There's one place where they got the cookies baking and there's another bread place where they got the oh man
And then there's also a garbage dump
So all depending on where you are you want to make sure to roll out window down or not
The hot shops in Jimmy's hurricane restaurants
Grantner's restaurant now that vaguely sounds familiar to me. He later opened Grantner's barbecue on northwest 36th Street
North of MIA the big daddy 747 lunch and Royal point sea and a world Miami strings the black seasons forged restaurant
Oh, and this page didn't print out. Uh-oh. Oh my god. It's like about a fourth of the page in a restaurant. It didn't print out page 5 of 62
Marcel is attending restaurant
Wolfies
Top of the Columbus the carnival room La Ronde at the fountain blue Aladdin room at the LGS Hotel
WDQ AM AM 560 tiger radio with a 60 with virtual leisure with Charlie Murdoch
WDQ AM tiger and a Mustang that Roman it's all chopped off WC KR at 610 that which became WIOD
WFU and WAMI WANI radio now I never knew that. Did you know there was a WANI radio? No
Got it stuck. Wow. Steve Lamel. He's from who's from Buffalo or Rochester somewhere Steve Lamel every day. I got a Chrysum
Okay, it's a song about working in radio and software every day every day. Wow. This is I'm gonna print out all 400 pages man
All 50,000 pages. Oh, right. I got a whole case of a fax paper here
Royal castle at 2700 north west 70th street Miami one of many in day this Newer style version was located in the southwest corner 29th and
27th Avenue 79th Street and 27th Avenue formally occupied by Frank and Vaughn
I occasionally died at this one while working at Sirius in late 65, early 66 and early 70s in Northside shopping center
I first dining experience dining experience in a Royal castle was on northeast 2nd Avenue south to 79th street in the mid 50s
And I fell in love with them. The early ones weren't air-conditioned. I remember flies galore the counter and grill guys who were at service men
Many with tattoos on their arms. The either wore sailor hands or white paper hands along with white t-shirts
And the slaves rolled up with cigarette packs tucked in
I remember the grill guys smoking while they were flipping burgers and mashing out the grease
All right
Wow
This is now I don't know is it just mirrors is pretty good and a lot of this is before I came to town 76 wait before
See I left around 76
Why and when I lived here it was down in the Redlands in Yenamsville the homestead leader city
Yeah, and I left town like 75 76 75 I think I didn't come back for a long time. So when?
87
Seven
Nothing that's what I'm trying to tell you don't remember these places
Burton jacks all mr. Ego misses that with that peppercorn sauce on your salad
On your wrist right
Hot rockers are all the hot rockers gone now. I know the one out there by me or the patient's gone
Funruckers because they buttered the bun and everybody got wild
Uncontrollable diarrhea
Grasping house isn't closed yet next month
Luther's barbecue in higher lia taco viva then we put taco viva on air the whip. Yes
The syslin not this is there but the syslin the clock
remember the clock
Yeah, I do actually is that gone is it kind of as I don't figure rose now figure rose
And ten year restaurant chain that showed old black and white movies inside figure rose was good
Mojangles and sandbows sandbows was like lumps right right. I like to say our sandbows sandbows was damn good
Died cup of coffee bottles cup of coffee. You know these on air or what Chris yeah
Maconod this is Joe ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Oi
All your folks are
The check in the
No, they never say please
Just waiting for the
Searching for the false teeth they left in a glass
Oh
I'm just as hard as they came
And once they're acid, they get all the heat
And they start stuffing rolls and sweeten them in their bags
Waking away, I can't even go to heaven
Looking for that long, long spot on the river
And how they're gonna say that it's all a truth
It's a day for a sun and mine the blue is right home
All right, your folks don't know the reason
My life in this prison
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit
What doesn't matter when they call it kneeling shadow
I hate you, you'll never listen to your shun
But wasting away, I can't even go to heaven
You're fairy
Just the thoughts of metal, you're so laddy radio
And how they're gonna claim that it's the dark host of blame
But me you know it's making way for his show
And how they're gonna claim that it's not the dark host of blame
But me you know it's they just can't wait for his show
In a land of blues maybe that's the highlight in Hellendale
Make no mistake about it
Sunny Roseburg's probably got the big cheer
Way anyways right now listen to the show
Anyway I printed out a whole bunch of those pages from that thing
Because it's pretty weird for Sunday
And that page 5, what about the radio stuff
It printed out the whole show
I'm gonna do the whole show
I'm enjoying it, I don't know whether the audiences are not
You know what they do
Well not for young punks, we don't have many of those anyway
And he might learn something
Oh yeah I wish I'd been here when that was
But then of course if he would have been here when that was there
Then you'd be an old man now like me and you'd be ready to die
So look at it that way
I thought they'd think of that
What are they thinking?
Not too bad
Santana from Alapata says
My 80 year old Cuban dad wants to
Not to vote for the turf pub
Well get him online here
Get that online because it's owner
What?
We'll not for it
Yeah we'll write it up a notch
Then it says PS don't pick out a rightsy
You call the University of Miami baseball games on it
And I did not, it was not Waxy, it was the WNWS
Okay?
Santana
It says Love You
And then it says the Olive Garden rules
Oh the Olive Garden
No
It's Italian issue
Voters and two Vermont towns approved measures
Yesterday calling for the indictment of President Bush and Vice President
And Cheney for what they consider violations of the Constitution
More symbolic than anything the Adam Sautant police arrested Bush and Cheney
If they ever visit Braddleboro or nearby Marlboro or next to them for
Prosecution elsewhere if they're not impeached first
And Braddleboro the vote was 2012 to 1795
And Marlboro, which held a town meeting on the issue
It was 43 to 25 with three abstentions
I hope the lump in that people take from this is he had candy dons had curred dynes 54
Organized the position grab the little do Braddleboro vote
I wonder if he's a entity to do with the march of dynes
The measure in Marlboro isn't binding because it didn't apparently warning for the meeting
You know if the R started the march of dynes to raise money for a cure for polio
Because he had polio that's why it was in the wheelchair
Right, I know that, that's a did
It was emotional they were heartfelt speeches on both sides Wilson said
The question to put voters in Braddleboro refer to crimes against our Constitution
But didn't say it would be put a boop like that
Got way too much going on here today, man
I'm all over that internet like Stink on Joyce
Oh my god, here's one
How could we forget one of the filthiest places that was ever open for business?
Food was good, oh man if you could just if you wanted to know with a blindfold
And then you just got the food and ran out
Okay, Mr. Coney Island on 167 across from the lowest theater
Remember Mr. Coney Island?
No
In fact the guy who's dead ran a business called on the show one day
But way back went long time ago
So I know that they're long gone once they're gone
Uh-huh
Remember you got that on there? I'm asked?
I'm just reading these I don't know whether you're a crisis putting them on or not
I sure hope so I didn't see the unicorn on there last time is it on there now?
Put on there for a while
Oh has it well here's what we got so far
Well we got a long list we got a long list here baby
Which out of business rest to occupies the most lumps?
41 is that one on baby road extension?
I bet you're going to be crowded this up pretty soon because we're bringing back those great memories of the
Winnie's steamed in beer is that like steam in your Wieny and beer baby?
Morgan
And then of course those great Olly burgers
Sizzler 26, Wolfies 19, did we put the
Oh we did get samples and then we both Wolfies 19, D. State Charlie 17, Wieny and Oyster House 15,
Corkeys 14 and those great little potato lockers
Oh man, and they create brisket memories to bring us brisket right there and I never said no
Oh yeah, a task of the Tisket let's get some Corkeys brisket they're gone
Looked it
11, 13, Hovernik XI, Wags 10, Ranch House 9, Black Aina 7, Neales on Alton Road 4,
Minero's 3, Rocky Rochionis 3, Vito's Pizza 2, New York State House 2, Marty Susman
Did a long time and Big Wilson 2, Hungarian Charter 2, Size Rivergate 2, Piccolos 2, The Clock 1
Gotta be careful, Taco V, Vito won, Fodruckers won, see what I mean?
Mm-hmm
Unicorn won Rudy's won, The Turp of 1, The Studio won, Monks in 1, Gigi's won
Somebody else remembers Gigi's way back when? Wow, boy! That was a great place that was right near um...
Pier 66
Villa Deli won and Prince Samlet won, no votes yet, zero for Prince Samlet, Luther's barbecue, The Sizzlin,
Sambo's, Vodangles, Figaro's, The Rascal House, Burton Jack's, Thomas,
Painted Horse, Sporting Brews or Marries? Oh come on, Marries? Quite contrary?
Wow, that's where I had the transexual waitress to call the show that one day, a long time ago
Because I was talking about Marries and about the Hurrim, whatever, you know
She was very nice, she had hair on her arms though, was you know...
On or under? On her arm, okay
Maybe under her arms, I didn't check her pits, okay? Jesus God, you're eating it, that was a good place to imagine
The dog Thompson says, Nemo to the fat lady, go home, and then I'll get back at this, oh I got... I printed out the 14 pages of that crap
Memorina, did you find something that marginally interesting?
Margillin
Come on, you are such...
Now get your crystal out of it, it was like a ponderous, because it was all before he was born
Oh, it's all like that, whoop
That whole other option says the fat lady that Barack Obama had waiting in the wings to his den, I didn't even get the chance to clear her throat
Before Hillary Clinton said her packing with a plane ticket home in a hotel reservation in Denver for August
Obama didn't see a reveal and drive from the Democratic presidential race, instead she won two out of three primary races
And stayed yet another improbable comeback
Before the polls closed, Pundits wondered when Democratic leaders would descend on the senator from New York, and convince her to withdraw for the good of the party
Now they know what many political pros knew all along, never saw the Clinton short, never count anyone out before the final votes are counted
Many of those same pundits wrote off the struggling candidacy of John McKayne lie's fall, when New York's senator seemed to run out of steam and campaign cash
On the same night Clinton staged her comeback, McCain clinched the GOP nomination
So much for conventional political wisdom, when the shouting dies, Donald Clinton's victory may seem more cosmetic
She didn't gain much ground on Obama's lead in the delegate cup, and she still trails the Illinois Senator in states one, and the overall popular vote
But her wins in Ohio, Texas and Rhode Island, give her renewed straight street cred, energize the campaign, be set with morale and cash flow problems, and opens the door for the seven more weeks of the kind of attack-dog campaign tactics that some say turned around her campaign or recent days
Obama mainly may be declining as he struggles with three losses after a string of 12 straight primary wins, questions about his relationship with a corrupt Chicago real estate developer, and the shady political power broker still linger, it needs to add substance to his rhetoric if he wants to regain that lost momentum
Still, Obama has the numbers on his side, and Clinton will lead more than one night stand to overtake his lead, she can overtake Obama as super delegates vote her way, and she finds a way to con delegates from wins in Michigan and Florida
But winning in such a way could lead Democrats split and wounded for a tough fight with McCain in the fall, Yogi Barrow said in eight over until it's over, and this sucker is a long way from over
What's the biggest name?
Hold on, and then false alarm
I like doing that, keep him honest to us
You lose it, you have a very couple of calories that we start to be told
Oh, no, don't do it
Let me put you in a QA, and you sit, you're like I said, you'll sit so close to the water you can taste it
You following that? No, sit again
You'll sit so close to the water you can taste it, it's why you drove to the beach, it's my pick for this week's Niel D'Oll, Maniana, Oceans 234 and Dear Field Beach
Every week I'm sure we bring you fantastic restaurants, Sabia, lots of money, and Oceans 234 is more than fantastic
Just inches from the sand, Oceans 234 serve the lights that will amaze your taste buds, start out with a delicious appetizer like the Seared Tuna, lobster fritters of Kirby and Chupney or Shrimp and Stake Casadilla
The entries are great like the crab and crutchage, saline, and sea bass, Seared scallops, Mecha, Dmy, Dalfon or King crab legs, fresh succulent and delicious
Their ribs, chicken, New York strip, or filet, and lamb lovers, Oceans, and their live entertainment, a gorgeous weight set, and the cocktails are made just the way you love them
And Thursday at noon, Maniana, the store opens on WQM.com, just log on, and you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just $50.5
For a great meal, a tropical ocean view atmosphere, Oceans 234 at the end of Hillsboro Boulevard and Dear Field Beach
Look for the water, you can't wait to order in Oceans 234
And what did I do? Oh, I knocked that thing off, and that's a bad scene
What?
Do it
Just relax, then, don't start getting too close to your own age
What are you doing?
I can't get this down to this real life, it's 4.560 QAM
The sports leader
This mark, Morgan, is the 12-to-1 hour on Q8M
It's 3 a.m.
Your children are fast asleep, the fold is ringing
You think they're safe, but a little bit is picking days and a little bit of Bob is exploding behind her
These are the states
We must die
It could be a dream
But your phone still rings
And a well calculated ad to keep you in and suspense and the fear
Who could possibly be calling this time of night?
They answer lies and answering the phone
It's the only way to find out
Hello?
Hey, baby, both of them are alive
Are you going to die?
I'm telling you now
Shame on you, if you don't move from my world
That phone is ringing at 3 in the morning
And you just want to sleep, you know?
12-to-560 WQ-A
And here's, uh, who was it that sent me this?
I don't know if somebody emailed it
It says, Floor, you've got to be schmitting me
79-3 to still the toilet it always was
You're bringing back some huge memories today though
We says, welding pot, anyone?
Nulley pots not gone
No
Still very much alive and well over a day vanbrower
I'm not sure if he was alive
Not to mention wings to go and it's silly as when are old
Well, wings coming back, he's reopening
One of these, uh, you'll see
Maybe he's open now for all we know
If Chris would just answer that phone
Uh-huh
Now, did you get anybody else calling with any ideas or that was it?
That was it
Good
I don't want to have to read 5,000 names
Now, let me get back to that page 5
Of this stuff from Don Boyd
Memories of Old Hylia, Old Miami, Old South Florida
Old being the operative word
Wolfies restaurant 21st and Collins
The second location north Miami Beach
Pumpkin exonn Miami Beach
Mars Sellers Italian restaurant north Miami later Hollywood
Great ads on late night TV in the early 70s
Jackie Gleason's channel restaurants good food and service
But the chain died
Do you remember that?
Absolutely not
I'm just told by an email that there's still a flood record around
Oh, we better get that off of there or not
Whatever
I can't with like three, Wellington, Miami and some more else
What flood record?
Yeah
Well, get that off of there
There's still a flood record in the water
Oh, you're going to have some wild diarrhea baby
56 hotspots 1956
Top of Columbus Hotel
Three to northeast 1st Vlamy
The band room room at the
Roadway Plaza 23rd and Collins
Oh, these are like that's ancient
WM-560 having a 60 plus market share of all stations in town
With this duckies, Jim Dunlap, Ricky Tiki, Charlize, Sherwood Charlie Murdock,
Roba Young, Tick-Tock, etc.
Alan Courtney had late night talk show
which annoyed the music listeners on QAM
I didn't know that Ricky Tiki never told me that Alan Courtney was on QAM
Wow, that old toad
Rich Shaw always closes his evening show with Ray Peterson's version of Good Night, My Love
The QM Tiger in a Mustang that roamed around town room by different disc duckies
awarding prizes to people in cars in front of them and listening to QAM
WC-KR-610 played Rocket Night for Wild and Played Returned
WYOD, wonderful auto dreams playing tamer music
WFU-N-790 fun radio QM's main competitor
Not my favorite it says
WAN-E-AM WAN-E radio limited the broadcasting rock from sunrise to sunset
Their broadcast tower was eased upon metal in a remote field in West
Hylia
I got to push the button taking them off the Earth's sunset a few times because
I delivered to Miami News to the station engineers there
Steve Olamo, a local rock and roll single with national and record
St. Frequently, it dances out at Hylia Municipal Auditorium
The place on the west side of Northwest 7th Avenue near North Miami
where teens went to dance to music perform our local visiting rock and roll bands
The castaways reserved, remember the castaways?
Sure!
On A1A South of Sunni Al's being a wild and crazy place with the famous wreck bar and gobo dancers
The Newport Beach Hotel A1A in Sunni Al's Boulevard having a wild reputation
The barn in North Bay Village with Wayne Cochran
The Roads Brothers performing at the Miami merchandise Mart for years
Alabama Jackson Card Sound Road
Sunday by T-shirt concerts at Unwinder Hotel at Jewfish Creek
Jewfish Creek!
Yes I do!
Rock concerts at Miami High Life Front on the Miami Marine Stadium and the Miami baseball stadium along with the orange bull and sported tour
and way out in the Evergates and Hollywood Boulevard
Pirates World in Dania
The Fud Am music park near the Southwest Corner in Northwest 79th Street and 27th Ave
where the wild mouse roller coaster was the scariest ride
The popular Franken Button Drive in, close to the same corner
The first Playboy Club in Miami on the canal east of this game Boulevard just south of the Pussycat Theatre, Leroy
That Playboy Club moved to Lijun Road at the Miami airport in a hotel with somehow approved money toss reason walks despite its height and location under the approach to runway 27
Left at Miami International
There was also a Playboy Club in the Playboy Plaza at 5445 Collins Avenue, Miami Beach
The Bolorama Bullying established the Northwest 2nd Avenue in 79th Street
The nudist camp on Northwest 27th Ave across from the pizza plot palace in Carroll City that was featured in a couple of movies
The hundreds of young beautiful flight attendants used to love the department houses in Miami Springs especially along the Royal Poinsie and Boulevard in the 60s and 70s
airline regulations at the time required that if they quit, that they quit if they get married, got pregnant or fail to meet weight centers so the turnover was very high every five years or so
Same Mary's Church at Northwest 2nd Avenue 70th Street before became a pathetal in late 50s
The two-story parking garage at the Miami Beach dog track that allowed ample parking for all the teens going to South Beach between the Lumis Park fishing pure and government cut
The surfing craze in the 60s with surfboard sales repairing rental shops along Ocean Drive across from Lumis Park
The Bagel Bakery in the St. St. George's Ocean Drive surfboard shops is frequently selling freshly baked bagels for five cents each
Holy Joe! Oh, wasn't I just talking about him the other day?
Joe Bell? No, holy Joe used to be on my show all the time
One of them preachers on WS News, a character who roams South Beach trying to redeem us on the beach with his preachers, holy Joe I'll be gosh damn
Miami Beach being totally clogged with a ton of tourists during winter months with big name entertainment acts appearing at the fountain blue Eden Rock
other big hotels every week, Miami Beach being a ghost town during the several months with someone tells closing during the summer due to lack of visitors because of the heat and humidity
Wow, this just goes on, on, on the Seattle military troops camped out on tents and the south side of Opalak Airport from Lajuna Red Road during the Cuban Missile Crisis
The Hawking Nike Missile Basis set up all of our day counting the event of war with Cuba
The Bay of Pigs Aircraft take me up for Opalak Airport on training missions
The Coast Guard and Fidious Aircraft operating in the Bay to their base at dinner key prayer to the move to Opalak Airport in the early 60s
And it goes on and on
I guess all the resident pages are comments from different people like Joanne Kay she says oh I wouldn't give for a confriter from Alabama Jacks
Oh go get your fritters, you know, well not confritters but one of the other kind of fritters
Corn fritters? Okay, right? Well I sure love them, weren't those good? Yeah, loaded with sugar of course corn syrup
Local TV news in the early 70s WPLG had the seed tonight Dean Miller, Ken Thomas Gordon, Steven Joe Krogan and Walter Kronai
Remember Walter Kronai? Nope, he did. Yeah the weather guy with a bow tie
Come on now with the Pokedop bow tie, come on
Uh, nope
It was a hit show including Madlibs, one promo feature of the news themes of Four Piece Orchestra, another within on a bicycle for four
Krogan formerly of W.I.D. also hosted the non-suele show
Rocked you by Hulson to drag with all the good things baked in and Eastern Airlines with Wings of Man
Sally Jessie was still local hosting Channel 10 AM IME
WTVJ Channel 4 Jim Brasner from 10 Ralph Rennick switched to the move closer to your world theme
Larry King and Jane Chastain were still a local Channel 4, remember Jane Chastain? Nope
WTVJ's full pay to end the Dolphin's home program was headlined one of Miami's top three sports castes
has just been banned from locker room and showed Channel 4's three sports catchers with one holding his hand over Chastain's eyes
WCKT Channel 7 Richard Whitcom, where Wayne Ferris kept its hard journalist's image with a rotating globe
and in the music from River Quiet, the paratrooper scene
Their promo was an unseed and answer reading from a list of journalists more of the station one
a company evaporative unforgettable shocking film clips, shocking
Wow
And it goes on with comments from listeners and people and old people like me old ancient
Pretty interesting stuff huh?
Oh yeah
No I guess not
I thought so Chris of course is asleep he's in a good night
I can't even early day or what?
Yeah maybe we'll see
Why? We'll see I haven't got out of the side yet
I'll see if Josh wants to take over or not
Oh of course is coming in? Did he get his check yet?
I don't know
It's in the mail, I probably wouldn't get this fast in mail at Monday at 2 o'clock
He'll have it and if he doesn't have it too bad I didn't know if he needed it for this weekend he should ask me sooner
I could have FedExed to you
He think we're gonna spend 30 bucks to FedExed checked for that puss no
The Ferris wheel on top of Bird Eins downtown
The great ice cream is a George Marsh department store restaurant I'm just getting a little hard
The opening of Dayland Shopping Center with a grocery store food fair later grand union
On the north side just west of Bird Eins
It was enclosed in air condition years later
The Burford Mailman store at Dayland full of fun and unusual items and objects
The opening of 163rd Street Shopping Center and open at Eamall
to become air condition decades later with a fabric roof
The opening of Hollywood Mall
The first totally air condition in closed mall in South Florida on Hollywood Boulevard
A few blocks west of I-95
Now that's the one we were talking about right?
Yes
Hollywood Boulevard by Park Road, Park Place
Broadway
Broadway
Broadwalk Boardwalk
Shopping in Little River
until the north side shopping center opened in Eamall
and opened in Northway 27th Avenue and 79th Street
The Rosetta Theater on Northway 2nd Avenue in Little River
that had cheap and ant-name movies for kids during the summer
The Shore Steeder further north from the Rosetta on the same road
The Tower Theater on Trail and the Southwest 8th Street
He will make 163rd Street Theater
First win indoor theater adjacent to the 163rd Street Shopping Center
The Golden Glades Twin Drive-In Theater next to the east-west Palmetto
which almost caused directs when Riscay scenes were being shown on the huge screens
Riscay scenes on the huge screens
Quick Check, which is now in Dixie
Sir William is pub next to 836 in Malam Dairy Road
I already did this page
Well, I think that's enough
I can't take no more
For direct diplomacy
I ignored our allies refusing to talk to our enemies
Even though presidents from Kennedy to Reagan have done just that
Because strong countries and strong leaders aren't afraid to tell hard truths to petty dictators
You over and out
Get the hell out of the street, get the hell out of the street
This is no right next to the 163rd Street
I am the sports leader
You know who I am?
I'm Moe Holiday David and you will make enough bone
While I was getting raped by male cheerleaders two at a time
A post-televisionary
As I guzzle, why?
High-calonic tonic
Our guest is under Hillary Clinton, the Democrat from New York, Kennedy for President
And perhaps a drug dealer to boost
That's right
What is this all about?
I have pushed very successfully for a very long time
But I have no intention of running to become our president
Why is that?
I am just downright fraudulent
There is no doubt about that
And that does sometimes draw a little bit of controversy and criticism
Do you believe that Barack Obama is ready to be president?
Absolutely
He is one of the people that I admire most in the world
Why?
I intend to be a show horse
Somebody doing the press conference is all the time
Senator Obama will work for a show horse
A work horse
Who will tackle the problems that we confront
Obama for President
Yes, that's what I want
Senator Clinton, thank you very much for joining us
Thank you
Okay, 2018, you welcome at 560 W.C.M.
This is a great pull today
And thank God we changed it
You got off that other one
What was the other one?
Right
See, I forgot already, other side out of mind, that's how bad it was
Oh, stories, that's right
We did the stories that are gone
And once they're gone, they're gone
Right
And now we're doing the restaurants that are gone
See, I don't know about you
But one of the last things I would ever want to do
Be in a restaurant business
Oh, yes
All my life, everybody's always said, oh, the worst business
Ever go into as a restaurant business?
Oh, we know this radio, but second to that maybe
That will not even close to radio
But I'm already in it, well, I used to be in radio now I'm on whatever business is going on
Now we work here
Now we work in QAM
I had everyone also
What was that?
Joe Sunkins Gold Coast
Was on the intercostal in Hollywood
It was like a fishing steak place
Joe Sunkins, that's what I was told
Oh, somebody called in there, huh?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
He believed that, he bought it in that crack, Joe Sunkins
Yes, I did
Is it what he got lost in the Gulf of Tanken?
Was he having a car that where the horn was honking?
He was hockey-talking
Which out of business restaurant you missed the most?
We got 270 votes
Lones
Now why is that?
What was the big tennis with Lums?
Okay, he was good
They were everywhere, they were huge stuff
Yeah, they were everywhere, so therefore so I just didn't get it
I was just looking for a little bit of Lums
I mean, Wags was a million times better than Lums
Lums had very limited menu, you know they had winners and burgers and uh, and whatever
Too long for me to remember, I know I've been there, but it was Lums
34
Sizzler has got
33
Wolf's 23
Beach State Carly 17, England Oyster House 16
Corkeys 15
And let me say it to you again, I want to emblaziness in your brain, I said it three years ago
Well, it's more true now than it ever was then
Once Corkeys left, the day that Corkeys in North Miami Beach on 163rd Street closed its doors the last time
That was the day South Dakota officially died, morto, morto, and the spot
Wolf's 13, Wags 12, Humbernik's 11, Black Aina's 10
Ranch House 10, Taco Viva 9 with a great squeegee's cheese baby
Ooh, man, those burritos with that nice orange mooshy cheese
Mmm, there was a Taco Viva there on sunset right close by my house
And it was also the first Godfather's there in Kimbo 2 on sunset
Where I met that, when they were overcame a spot, your mind
That young man, Javier
Mmm, he wasn't on the menu though
Damn it
Manero's 9, where they had the great Corkeys olive cheese, you never had that though
So, are they gone?
I'm sure they're there
Mr. Coney Island, the unicorn, Burton Jacks 4, or I'm not reading the numbers
Manero's 9, Coney Island, the unicorn 5, a Burton Jacks 4, kneels on Alton Road forward with a great French onion soup
I don't remember anything else about that place except they had the best French onion soup in history, I love that
Sanbo's 3, Ojangles 3, Vito's pizza 3, with that stuffed pizza with a cheese inside
See, they were doing it years before all these chains decided to stop pizza
Have a kinship of ideal
Oh, it's speaking of stuff, take a puket him, man
New York steakhouse 3, Rocky Graziani's 3
The Rascal House 2, but now why is the Rascal House on there?
Why did you do that? You're so easy, it's not gone
I don't get it off
Well, why is it on there?
One of my way to say it's not going to be closed till next month and he just puts puts it on here again
You are so easy, man
Villa deli too, Hungarian Charter too
Villa deli should have more than that, remember it's the delivered that...
Oh boy, I would be
Now that would be a good poll question for myself
At which station did we get the best food delivered all the time?
Now that would be a tight, I guess a real tight battle between Zeta
And I would be
Oh, I have to take your word for it
What do you mean by that?
I only know from IOD and it would be like one to three places every day that would be lined up
It would be in the pudding and shifts
It would have to stagger the door
Now what was the tire restaurant I've ever been to?
I would be put him out of business because the Jeff Clark was maybe a member there
Yeah
It was in Palm Beach County somewhere where it saw something dull
Siamay Shore
No, something dull
Oh, the Siamay Shore was water-crossed the street
No
Yeah, or something dull
Tired out
No, not China
You know what the Ness Tired Out
Size Rivergate 2, pick those two pick those was really good
That's where Jim Alton tried to pick up the young waiter that night
Jim Alton's did not so I can say that I guess
And even if he announced it, I can still consider it's true
The waiter was cute
Luther's barbecue won the Clark one, Rudy's one, Tirpob won the studio one
The monks in only one, Gigi's one, Prince Hamlet won the early really really old to remember some of these
And no votes for Joe Sankin's gold post of course
The Sizzlin, Figaro's, Tiber's, Painted Horus, Sporting Brew's, or Mary's
Can't believe there's no votes for Mary's
That was a really great, great pizza and the Tad and food joint
You know what I'm saying?
What he said?
I'm saying it was damn good
Daniel LaDouche in the Washington Post says
The message to the scoreboard in the National Park is like a high definition TV on steroids
There's Dan Abash
And Stelke from others and the original Shrunk and Head on CNN
And although that might not be the best word to associate with baseball these days, steroids
There's no getting around the size of this monster
It's a big one baby
Said for its first public viewing
Oh I see yesterday
The screen is the equivalent of a 13-hours TV
More than five times as large as the scoreboard at R&K Memorial Stadium
Other than the game on the field it's separately the centerpiece of the fan experience
At the 41,000-seat ballpark, National's Park
Live action, instant-replace, images, graphic stats all there
Oh stats, maybe our jerseys can go there and read the stats for the crowd with some bongos in the back
And the programming is brand new so the high-tech features will have the same freshness as the
$6.11 million stadium where the Washington National Hose of the regular season opened on March 30 against the Braves
You've got a lot of graphics associated with the inaugural season nationals
Park to start a new era, said Chris Maschitello
Executive VP of Technology, Sales and Services at ANC Sports
A digital sign that's coming in and it's working with the team
Stars and Strets have got a very prominent theme
But axels will figure some highlights and a formal unveiling of the scoreboard they did it yesterday
Excuse me, but they want to keep things mostly surprised
Well we weren't there so we can't give you any a loadout, we can't give you the skinny
Although Zach lost a couple of positive give you the skinny, fat Zach
They promised a range of programming made possible by high-definition LED technology
That the learner family paid to have upgraded beyond the basic specs called for an evolved park design
The city built the ballpark and the learners owned the team
We were just limited by our imagination, said David London, the National Scoreboard Producer
Wow!
Few may be happier than London about the moves of the new ballpark on South Capital Street
RFK Stadium is nearly 50 years old and just wasn't built to handle modern scoreboard technology
And of course with that great team, the Washington Nats, oh my god
I'm going to share Georgia with you there for opening day of the new stadium
Park to watch the Nats and the Bravos
Sure, right at your Nats
They're flying around, grab them
Do we ever figure out that restaurant where I've slid off the toilet seat, Vittys?
They're still around right in the Fort Lauderdale, World of the Hell there, our 441 I guess
I'll take a look
I'll take another one that's definitely not around
And it was on 441 in Lauderdale, changing neighborhoods baby, it was an understakehouse
Chuck's
Chuck's steakhouse?
Okay, doesn't ring any bells?
No
Are you, are you, are you smitten me?
I had a steakhouse, steakhouse, they had great drinks
I'll take a look at the board
Inexpensive, huh?
I'll take your work for it
It was on 441 in Lauderdale
And of course, changing neighborhoods
Well, I know, yeah, got kind of like a smarmy, you know
Kind of run down
And it was also that four guys pizza, whatever that was right in that same area
On 441 Lauderdale, was it four guys?
Three guys in a bean bag?
Something
I don't know
It was awesome, you just don't get around very much
That's right
Well, I'm just telling you, ever in a year, these places certainly were there before when you're talking about coming back
Just because you got, eating all the pre-food at work and then trying to afford to buy in the actual real cash money
You know, the last time I lived in Miami
I'm 441 and, and Broward I'm talking about, Chuck's and, uh, at pizza joint
Yeah, don't remember it
Is the Lauderdale in Miami?
Maybe
Don't remember it
You better get with him, Mr.
Alright, I'll be right back
Time is passing you by, and you know, the worst thing is to miss a really great restaurant
And then somebody says, oh, she had a great place and now it's closed
And you think, gee, I'm sure we should have eaten there
Is that what you think?
Yeah, that's what I think
I don't know what you think, actually she's the way I am
That's right
The crack was Simon Fowl
Yeah, I don't like him with the public my life
You know what?
Fuck you
New York City, hello
Hi Simon, this is Richard
How do I Richard?
A question, is Paula Abdul still sleeping with American Idol contestants?
Oh yeah, because
Oh God, I wish I knew
How many she up to now?
13, 31, 31, so he's here alone
Come on, be a South Carolina, hello
Simon, yeah
A lot of people are accusing you in the other judges as being anti-day
Oh, I didn't want to go to this again
Okay, but is it true?
Uh, yeah, yeah
Wow, I like people who are pretty straight
Yeah, I like straight people
Well, what if someone's definitely the best singer that happens to be gay?
It just doesn't matter because they're never going to win
North Providence, Rhode Island, hello
I mean, you still like the pay prostitutes to spank you with a hairbrush?
Yeah
Yes, I'm doing that
Yeah, it is an indescribable feeling
I absolutely love it
Simon Fowl, you'll never forget that feeling
That was great seeing you
Yeah, thank you for having me on my way
Enjoyed that, thank you
It's 1232-560-W
You can't talk about people who leave you beyond limp
You know what I mean?
Limb
On February 13th, Shakespeare retailers in Texas
We do it when a federal appeals court ruled just in time for Valentine's Day
The Texas prohibition against the sale of villos and
Pocket, well, I can't say the word
Violated the 14th Amendment
I didn't realize that was an historic pocket
It's the keyword
I know
Pocket, these, Violated the 14th Amendment
Right
According to Texas Penal Code
It's forbidden to sell or advertise an artificial penis or vagina
Primarily for the stimulation of human genital
What if it's secondarily?
Well, maybe it's like a mental piece
I can call me a virgin, you're a little mitreasing
Calling you a metallic or a baby, you're a little bit too old
I can't tell you how to deal with it
I can't tell you how to deal with it
Okay
Jesus
No, that's a lie
The statute
The statute makes a reception for instance
In which the purchase meets a medical
Psychiatric, Judicial, legislative or law enforcement need
Oh, she needs a judicial dildo
Even so unreliable consultants versus one
You're only normally conservative, fit, circuit, court of appeals
Struck down the ban
On grounds that it violated the right of ordinary citizens
To engage in private intimate contact in the home
Conduct without government intrusion
One of only four states banning sexual doodas
The other three being virginia, Mississippi and Alabama
Texas is not about to take this insult lying down, so to speak
Last week, state attorney general Greg Abbott petitioned the appellate court
To reconsider the matter
And I would wrote that it permitted to stand
Of course this is my invite
Challenges to previously uncontroversial criminal prohibitions
On sexual practices such as
Concentral ideal incest or bigamy
All of the suburbiculate
I'm a bigar friend
I was very big of you
Now I don't have any idea how to pronounce this guy's name
Because I don't know anything about dimensions and dragons
Gary GYG-AX
GIG-AX?
GIG-AX
GIG-AX?
GIG-AX
He's dead
Yeah, plagiarist
You know he was dead?
Yeah
He got this yesterday morning
Uh-huh
You see it?
There's only Yahoo who was one of the front story
Oh, well
Gary GYG-AX?
Is that what he said?
Yeah
One of the co-creators of Dungeons and Dragons role-playing game
GYG-AX?
Any morning to the showman Lake Geneva, Wisconsin?
Uh-GYG-AX?
The design of the original D&D game with Dave Arnison in 1974
And went on to create the dangerous journeys and legendary adventure RPGs
As well as a number of board games
He also wrote several fantasy novels
I don't think I really glocted yet, said Mike Murls, the lead developer of the upcoming 4th edition of Dungeons and Dragons
He was like the cool uncle of every gamer head
He shaped an entire generation of gamers
GIG-AX?
Murls
GIG-AX was not directly involved with Dungeons and Dragons after 85th's relationship with his former company T.S.R. Inc.
Wasn't friendly at first
The company sued him over his competing game Dangerous Journeys
And in 2000 for interview with Game Spy, he stated that he was pleased to say that
He thought the girl he associates to the game
While reportedly on a front of the Dungeons and Dragons game, he created adventures and settings that could be used with it
Which were published by Troll Lord Game
Everybody's taller
I'm gonna be there
You're all good
Well there's supposed to be some words here but I forgot because I'm supposed to much fine
I'm gonna be fine
I'm gonna be allowed to lose it everybody out there is supposed to fine
I'm gonna stop
I'm bailing in the middle of the street
I'm gonna go to heaven and watch your face
Let's go to fight
You're fair
Let's not stop to fight
Oh
Let's go to fight
Oh
Let's go to fight
You're fair
Come on
Let's go to fight
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Club 47, 13 to 15, 65, 60 W.A.M.
We got the jerk show coming up with two mad dogs and four
The jerk show
What happened yesterday?
Something you know, I guess they got on on time. I don't know what the deal was
I don't know
Oh no, you kept saying okay okay remember that?
Well we had a little bit of a
A little bit of a
It's like a little bit in there because quarks tweet whatever that kid's name is an idiot
And that would be surprised if you get called in for another inquisition
How come you guys can't end the show the right way everyday so they know when to start
That's just us were bastards
If you want to call it in sign...let me try it again.
I haven't even got to the first sentence that is,
by Michael Collins on the smirking chimp,
Obama's lost votes no surprise.
Is that a lie?
If you want to call it significant undercounting your assets,
a euphemism for fraud, Michael Bloomberg,
made of New York City commenting on 80 election districts
with zero votes for Barack Obama.
A review by the New York Times of the unofficial results
reported on primary and I found about 80 election districts
among New York City's 6,106, or Mr. Obama,
supposedly didn't receive even one vote,
including cases where he ran a respectable race in the nearby district.
The reports of voting problems in New York City
should come as no surprise.
Anyone who's examined the administrative urban elections administration
and reporting in the modern political era
knows that the urban centers have shot evoting equipment,
curious results, really question or investigated,
and lackluster administration.
In 2004, a stunning event occurred,
one so stunning was never reported by the mainstream media,
according to the media consortium's Nationalized at Poll,
George W. Bush won the election,
through a huge increase in his big city votes,
three cities are defined as half a million or greater population.
Let's take a look at the questions about results in New York
and other big cities in 2004 election
and how those questions were apparent to the mainstream media
but deliberately ignored.
This will provide an obvious clue
about what's behind the 80 election districts,
absent Obama votes,
and other urban election irregularities
as they show up around the country in 2008.
80 districts, he didn't get a one vote in any of them in New York.
Accordingly, 2004, a final exit poll
from the media consortium,
a PPC and then the four-mage in efforts,
there was a 66% increase in big city turnout,
compared to a 16% average increase nationwide.
Bush made huge vote gains compared to a 2,000 exit poll,
even when any big cities,
but without these gains, he would have lost the election.
He shared a big city minority votes
with similar water ben in 2000,
minority showed a strong lawyer to the Democrats,
but how about that 80% increase
and turn out for big city white voters?
Right away we know that there's something wrong with the exit poll.
The exit poll showed that Bush increased his votes here in the big cities
by 53% over 2,000 performance.
He also racked up a healthy game in the smaller cities,
breaking even with Kerry where Gore had whipped his ass,
57% to 40% that category in 2000.
Charles Cook led the upward tyranny list
by proclaiming that Bush and Roe v.R.N.
the best plan best executed presidential campaign ever.
Cook was dead wrong when he asserted
that the Republican gains in big cities came through defections
from traditional Democratic voters,
lacks Latinos and Jewish voters,
that simply did not happen.
We were also told that 2004 was a red versus blue election.
The media concerned him that specified and sponsored
and the polling and an analization somehow failed to report
massive reductions in the Bush Roe vote totals,
two million less than 2004 revealed by their own polling.
They also failed to mention the major reduction of the role segment,
which fell from 23% of the electorate in 2000 to 16% in 2004.
Roe white set this one up,
and nobody bothered to tell us that.
But we're in for a surprise,
while Roe white stayed home in record numbers
according to the exit poll,
four million new white voters were conjured up in the big cities.
Bush supposedly grabbed those big city gains according to the final exit polls of 2004,
Grobby Bush among big city white voters,
54% to 40% in 2000.
But in 2004, white ghosted Roe's in their slumber
and rushed to the polls to give Bush the votes he needed.
From five million in 2000,
the number of white voters swell to nine million in 2004,
giving Bush a 39% share for 2004,
compared to just 26% in 2000,
it was a freaking miracle.
The national exit poll finding of our four million new big city white voters resulted in major gains for Bush,
and the immediate conservative national exit poll scenario,
the big city turned out waving the resulting millions of white ghosts easily compensated
for the two million fewer votes
both gotten his red state stronghold,
the rural voting segment.
This information is all in the data sets used to formulate the final exit polls for 2000 and 2004.
The false basis for the claimed 66% increase in big city turnout by the immediate conservative
was revealed in the discussed in June and again this September of last year.
Official big city vote totals,
the vote count is opposed to the estimated vote based on exit polls,
showed only a 17% increase in turnout based on 13 big city vote totals representing 60% of the big city population.
Here's how the immediate conservative explained their 66% increase in big city turnout, no comment,
no correction, not a word.
They don't care because they don't have to, they don't want to.
The big cities are treated like a political version of Roman Polanski's Chinatown,
a place where we hide our deepest secrets knowing fuel will look even fewer where we report their findings.
Select the reporting erases real news that's tidying up history so the truly important questions are never asked and never answered.
This action takes on extra meaning when reporting I focus on highly questionable behavior by the owners of media organizations that do the reporting.
Why would New York City be any different?
The National exit poll is the narrative for our national elections,
it's used by nearly every major media organization to explain who voted, why they voted,
the way they did and where they voted.
We now know that the 2004 National exit poll is deeply flawed in its measure of big city voting.
What about the official big city vote totals?
These are the votes reported by election officials in New York City based on official reported totals,
which votes increased in all five boroughs in 2004 compared to 2000.
Turn out for the president so it was only 12% to 260,000 votes in New York,
but Bush got almost all of that with 47% increase over 2000.
He went from 399,000 and 2000 to 588,000 in 2004.
One of the nation's poorest areas that branched was so pleased with Bush that the voters emerged to give him a 40% increase.
Brooklyn also showed its appreciation, maybe it was those new big city white voters the exit poll found.
Heavily democratic queens had new votes in excess with the president,
all three liberal Manhattan and the side of 9-11 fell generous and gave Bush 17% more votes in 2004 than they did in 2000.
We must believe that four years had allowed some New Yorkers to know and love the president with these increased margins.
How did that happen?
Did Bush do something special to appeal to New Yorkers, was he campaigning hard in the big apple?
How often did he visit New York after the convention?
One piece of evidence not often mentioned,
but in the speech of the city of Bush's improved performance in 2004,
so that the international announced poll findings in August 30th of last year.
On the eve of a Republican national convention in the hooking 9-11 symbol sound bites and imagery,
half of New York City residents say that some of our leaders knew in advance that attacks were planned on around 9-11
and that they consciously failed to act.
There's a very good argument that many of the 50% would go out and vote just to send a message.
There's no argument at all that a single one of that 50% would ever vote for Bush under any circumstances.
Nevertheless, he received 47% more votes in 2004 in New York than in 2000.
How can these games happen?
Can we believe this took place in the city with a tradition ranging from indifference to hostility of national Republicans?
At a time when nearly half the population believed that some of our leaders knew about 9-11 advance but just let it happen?
These results make no more sense than the big city numbers in the media sponsored exit polls.
Did the pundits, officials and politicians forget the hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers are protested?
The mere presence of Republicans at the National Convention in New York in 2004?
Did they fail to notice a major increase in vote totals by a dislike present and hostile territory while that same candidate was suffering major vote losses in his rural base?
A political parties and media refused to admit that to the failed 2000 for exit polls findings.
The median politicians also failed to notice the unbelievable increase in New York City votes for Bush in 2004.
We can anticipate that the national media will now ignore what New York Times reporter Roberts found and they will miss one likely explanation.
That's a typical expert event points to a election fraud.
And it goes on to the length of ponderous, you know what I mean? Too many numbers.
You read numbers, you made a good ending up.
To me, in fact, Georgia I think is passed on.
What?
Not passed out, passed on.
Passed on to what?
Passed it on.
To the other side.
All right.
And now what Jim Morrison said?
Breakout through.
Pass out through to the other side.
He's out there.
He's in France now.
He's ten in bar.
He's ten in bar.
He's ten in bar.
It's some frog bar.
Maybe he's in Montral.
The biggest name.
The vast majority of his little projects.
Fortight of 5.60 QAM.
The highest points leader.
This is honored.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one that took two hours.
This is honored with his news.
Former president Clinton was in Texas yesterday, something for his wife.
If she wins in Texas, you know how?
I think she'll be the nominee.
It's all on you.
You can trust her with your money.
President Clinton was criticized for what some were calling negative campaigning towards Barack Obama.
Senator Obama.
It's severely hydrocephalic.
His head is big.
So incomprehensibly large.
It is a serious problem.
You should tell you today he stayed very positive.
In fact, he never mentioned Barack Obama's name one story in speech.
I worked hard to try to kill him.
I tried.
So I tried and failed.
It was a perfect political strategy.
I just wanted to make sure everybody knows I'm helping her.
She loves it.
But it sounded gruesome.
President Bill Clinton is fine tuning the message.
Senator Obama.
Cut in half.
You notice how they put him back into the cupboard and made him disappear last couple of weeks?
Yeah, he started.
And how much better he did last night?
What if that's his coincidence?
Oh, well.
Well, we had 51 dropouts on our streaming there.
I have no idea what else going on with that.
That's not good, man.
Fick you on dropout and it happened like in a lickety split.
Yeah, I mean, it's a nightmare out there.
It's the weather.
Was that what it is?
Storm in dormant.
What's that got to do with your internet streaming?
Are you kidding?
No.
It got, you know, the wires, travels on wires and storms knock things out.
Lightning, you know.
245 votes on our, which restaurant, the joint?
No longer there, did you miss the most?
And Lums continues when I, I don't know.
I agree with you.
I don't get it.
I mean, I'm not saying that Lums is OK.
It was fine, but compared to some of these other really good type like the studio, I mean, I guess this is a poll for Schleppers.
I don't know.
I mean, everybody could afford to eat the Lums.
Even the homeless could afford to eat the Lums, right?
There's a Schlepper factor.
Oh, wait a minute.
There's McKinnon Bush.
Oh, what a Kinnon Bush.
It's a Kinnon Bush.
I'm out before the cameras had...
Call a daughter of no craziness.
Call a woman to be endorsed under the Kinnon.
I mean, what a difference.
Eight years, Nick.
Yeah.
Fony Baloney, that's what he's trying to say.
Fony Baloney.
Remember that smearing, smearing, he'd be out of the Kinnon in 2000, wow.
Yeah.
So that he did steal a freight train.
Lums 50, Sizzler 34, now that was yours, wasn't it?
Right.
Wolfies 28, V. State Charlie's 21.
Were those big pictures of Sangria?
You know, I was thinking during the break about the most
the meaning jobs other than the ones we're doing.
Right.
The most the meaning jobs you could, and I'm thinking of being a waiter or waitress.
I agree.
Isn't it the meaning they get their revenge?
Because I was thinking about guys peeing in the Sangria.
You know, there are no the difference.
I think that should's called San Pia.
Yeah, it might be.
I'm out of, I'm out of, I'm out of poor beer with the Santa Pia.
Anyway, I just, I can't envision doing that.
Waiting on people and like kissing their ass and like, and of course then you get all these ground cheaper.
A lot of time.
Oh, this was then, it was cooked a little bit too much.
Can't you get it to, or the best one is people are real, real cheap skates who eat like 90% of the steak and then,
oh, I want to send it back.
It was, I don't want it.
I don't like it.
And they've eaten 90% of whatever the meal was.
You know, I didn't like it.
Right.
What they try to do is get hope that they'll not the thing off the bill and they won't have to pay for it.
Cheap.
If there's one thing, it's one thing for people to be cheap who can't afford, you know, who need to be cheap.
Like you guys.
Yeah, but George isn't cheap even at Gostin last couple of times.
He's, he's got a little bit of plunge in there for guys to make a try.
He's like, he's sitting now.
Hey, you know, when in Rome.
Rome.
Do the Romans.
Right in Rome do the Romans and believe you me.
Oh, baby.
Wow.
Oh, who's this David?
What's his name?
Hernandez from American Idol, which I don't watch.
You never have an ever-wielding with him on their naked.
Who is he?
He's a pretty good looking guy.
He's got some fake.
Is he another, uh, queen?
Yes.
He was a male, male stripper or something like that.
A male model.
I don't know what, a male stripper.
That's what he's going to be.
The big scandal.
That's the news, says, yeah.
And it's interesting because I was just, I always on your Yahoo.
You know, you're all that big on getting your news from Yahoo.
So they had a picture there.
American Idol scandal.
A bubble by, you know, I'm a big picture.
And some of the pictures he looks really, really great.
I mean, like a beautiful guy to look.
And some of the pictures he looks very.
Yes.
A screamer, you know what I'm saying?
Faaaning.
What?
As you know, when you go check your email, those are the stories that are right there in your face.
Yes.
So it's difficult to avoid something.
Oh, I know.
Once in a while, I'll check some of those out.
I mean, you realize I do have like, I've got a pile of crap here all the way to the scene.
I'm going to read one of these local papers or watch the local news.
For the news.
No, I would hope not.
Or CNN.
Oh, my God.
For we saw Senator John McCain.
I want to switch over right now to MSNBC and see if they got some of them.
You know, who's a real idiot on MSNBC?
She's in a simple thing.
And every now and then, oh, it light up electronic board that we call all these states.
We can put that to bed now.
Chris Matthews talking politics.
Chris Matthews is going to have, you know, he's like, like what's his name?
What's his name?
Gloria Vanderbilt's son, Anderson Cooper, you know, what about him?
He talks with a speech defense party as we're honoring today.
You can't even say politics.
You know, he can't even pronounce it.
He talks all the time about politics.
How can you talk about it when you can't say it?
And he talks out of the side of his mouth.
He's good for the second try.
The college try.
I've got a college try.
The old college, you had a good college try.
And anyway, I don't want to wait on people, you know.
Ohio, she went by 10% 54 to 44.
Oh, Rhode Island, she went to Zastaf, he went to 40.
He went for her ass in Vermont by 20.
What was it?
A lot, 22 points.
And in Texas, she went by four points.
And the caucuses, the Obama beat her 52 to 48.
It was close.
It was Nippentuck, Nippent Suds.
And the Vermont beat her by 20 points, 59 to 39.
Let me say it again.
Well, we need, there are two things that we need.
One is forced sterilization and two is a national primary.
It's not available.
Right.
It's not, it's not.
Then you wouldn't have the buckles like we had a Michigan Afroda this year.
Oh, we want to be early.
We want to help set the agenda.
We want to be at a course they want of setting nothing.
And if she and her, her henchmen there trying to try to like say,
oh, and they're already saying it, you know.
Oh, we got to get those delegates, you know,
from Florida and Michigan, they got to come.
Well, guess what?
Have a real election then.
Especially in Michigan, she's the only one on the ballot.
She only got 55% against nobody.
And she's saying all she wanted delegates.
Give me a break, okay?
Give me a break, honey.
What do you want it?
What was that?
What?
You hear that?
Look.
This thing is doing some funky stuff today, man.
Maybe that's why we had, now was it porn cats and dogs when you came in?
Look.
Because we're able to show.
Remember we have a no-sificant.
And then in the early part of the show, when you have lost your eyes,
it's very nice.
And, uh, you said it's porn, you know, that,
it's porn dogs at that point.
No, this was before when we lost contact.
Yeah, before, yes.
When I was sitting here during the show,
I was just wondering, is George ever going to show up on this thing again or what?
What?
Jesus, K Christ, man.
Patience, one, it's four of the good.
I watch him, but I'm not so sure about him, you know.
Prime victims.
I mean, he's an okay news video.
You know who oughta be the anchor on NBC News?
You still don't know who he is.
Lester Hold.
Although they got your list funky new glasses.
They look like 3D glasses.
He was wearing last night in Texas somewhere.
Maybe he was trying to disguise himself.
Lester Hold would be a great anchor on NBC.
They would kick everybody's ass.
He's great.
He's got a sensational voice.
He's articulate.
He's a good news reader.
He looks good on the air, except with the stupid 3D glasses.
He oughta be the NBC News anchor, not Brian Williams.
Why don't they consult with me?
I mean, I have to say CBS a ton of money.
I would've taken just for consulting about a 10th of what they're paying Katie Kirk, that bitch.
You can find her numbers with a Magnivision reading glass.
So anyway, let's get back to the pool here.
Okay, such as it is, love, lums, eh, tubs.
Yeah, take some tubs when you go to lums.
Next time I'm down there, I think we're going to go to a lums on Davy Road Extension.
Okay, what?
Nothing but, you know, Davy Road Extension is very close to where my used to live.
You do know that she was on Sterling Road?
I do know.
You know where she lived.
What else was she was in carriage hills on Sterling Road?
Well, what's that restaurant across the street from where I think it's still there, the Ark?
Oh my God, she always wanted to take us to the Ark.
Oh, and they bring us soup by the order of the night.
Okay?
Because they want to get you in an out of their real fast, and I'm turning over the tables.
The Ark.
Every Dithy Ark?
No.
From past it.
You have?
Yes, I have.
I mean, this is years ago, so maybe it's great.
No, I shouldn't offer opinions on places that I haven't tried in a long, long time, you know?
Or ever.
I mean, like cheesecake factory, you can have it.
No, look at that dessert.
So, weaker to a go at all.
Oh, the cheesecake factory.
You can have it.
You can have their cheesecake.
And if they're on-trace, if you have the whole, the whole damn thing.
The Chabang?
The whole Chabang.
Horrible.
There's nothing worse than people making a big fuss about something.
Oh, you're in 11, it's going to be great.
And you go there, and it was, oh, just Kakka, man.
Nasty.
Kakka.
Nasty.
Which out of business restaurant you missed the most?
Lums 52, Sizzler 36, Wolfies 31.
Wolfie Cohen, I'm sure, long since dead.
Wouldn't he be- wouldn't he be amazed to see that Rascal House code on the tube?
Well, he sold it to an Epicure, right?
Epicure is good.
You can go there and get some stuff, cabbage, or maybe some gulf of fish like that.
So all the old Jews holding that area, you don't have to get all of them out of shape.
But Rascal House is closing next month.
Less than a month, I think.
Or maybe it's a little over a month.
April 7, I believe.
Okay.
Not soon enough.
Taco Viva 23.
B. State Charlie's 22.
The Winnie the Noisder House 21, man.
I sure wish they had that, Charlie.
And I don't want to tell you this.
Anybody who likes Manhattan Clan Chowder, better than New England Clan Chowder, doesn't like Clan Chowder.
I agree.
I mean, Manhattan Clan Chowder is like vegetables soup.
Correct.
I mean, let's find it a pitch, but hey.
It's like ministerially without the noodles and with like a couple of clams swimming around in it.
Right up.
Corkeys 20, Ragn 16, Wolfies 15, Ragn Chowves 15, Pumperd X-14, all the oldsters man.
They put those places out of Venice.
They stole the silverware.
They stole the sweet and low.
They stole, I'm never as long as I live for, get back in those days at INC.
And some old coup, he calls me up in the air, because I was talking about people stealing the silverware.
And he says, why not?
Why not?
We're paying for the meal.
Why can't we take it?
You're not paying for the silverware.
We're not saying, pick up the damn table.
Or can't take it out of the two.
Put it in the back of the civilian and take it home with you.
God.
So you won't see them no more, because they were put out of business by a bunch of barbarians.
Black Anus has got 13.
There's nothing like the old Black Anus.
Manero's 10, Burton Jack's 9, Sambo's 8, Mr. Codialin's 6th, Fett.
The Unicorn's 6 bow jangles for a near-state house for meals for Rudy's 3, Monks in only 3.
Vito's pizza, 3-volodelli, 3 rocky grassy, 3 piccolos, 3.
Joe's, Sonkins, Gold Coast's got 2, I told you, Chris.
Legendary.
Yep.
The Sizzlin' 2, not the Sizzlin' but the Sizzlin' I don't know what that is.
2.
Got a pair.
The clock 2, the studio only 2.
For the studio restaurant, Freddy's studio, oh my god.
Some of you people are tasting your Tush in your Black Anus.
Hungarian Charter 2, Sizzlin' 2, and only 1.
For Luther's Barbecue, Figaro's Turp Pub, Gigi's and Prince Hamlet.
And none for Tyler's the painted horse sporting bruise or marries.
Poor Mary.
The best out of a T-reff is neurologist.
Sport formula 5.62 AM.
The sports leader.
Guys are very handsome young men.
Who can't see that?
The purpose of the campaign is to build for the future.
Not just to focus on 2008, to build alternative parties.
Build new democracy.
And involve more people.
Here comes another presidential comment, Sizzlin' is known as a Moverettas sacred.
We do include a statement to the race in the race later.
Hey, well, the later.
Because I get things done, I've got a 40-year record here in Washington.
Big money and the closing down of Washington against citizen groups prevents
from trying to improve our country.
And everybody has to have the right to not change the improve of their country.
Because we're sure government, you've got to go into electoral groups.
And for many years, this consumer undercated.
I was running in the race independent race leader.
But we get the bonfire, both of the young and sacred.
Hey, well, the later.
On 18 at 5.60, speaking of gathering old fools, there's W.
This is a say, age old question.
And John McCain, who just turned 142, is standing there in front of the White House.
But if he put a boob, put a way out, unbelievable.
So then when I take back what I said about David Hernandez.
Okay.
I just did a little bit of research.
He's a bizarre way.
But what time of the spaceship plan?
The what?
The spaceship.
Oh, what I said.
And what's all this other stuff coming up?
You'll be very disturbed to know, just like I am.
That today I've had two calls from India.
Soliciting postal visitors from India after that the thing yesterday would get my internet fixed.
Is this the cause?
No.
Yeah, he's strange looking out.
There are some people, I know this is a strange thing to say, but it's true.
There are some people who photograph very well.
And they take pictures and it makes them look really, really much better than they actually look.
And there are some people who are very good looking and they photograph poorly.
That's that strange at all.
Oh, why is that?
Rock-meach.
Shouldn't the picture be worth a thousand, true?
I mean, should the picture show you what somebody looks like?
It should, but when you're looking at somebody not in the picture, they're always, you know, your point of view is always changing.
Their head is moving, you know.
A picture freezes a moment in time.
They're having a movement?
Sometimes it just happens to be a bad moment.
Go ahead, buddy.
I'm serious.
There are some people who photograph very, very well.
Yeah.
What do they say?
What do they say?
They're photogenic and they always look really, really hot.
And there are some people that are really great looking and you look at the picture like, oh, so I don't know about that.
And I know what I'll pass.
And I'm sure he will, too.
It's 24, though.
He's on American Idol.
Yeah.
He can belt it out.
Where do they find all those queens on there?
By the way, is that prerequisite?
It just so happens.
It just happens, though.
It's just an accident.
380 votes on the pool.
And Lombs is still leading the way with 52.
Lombs 52 is just going to 36.
Wolfies 33.
Wolfies was good, man, if you didn't have to be Jewish to like Wolfies.
You're like a good, uh, Ruben sandwich and like a bowl of mosa ball soup.
Mm-hmm.
I do.
What's not to like?
Slowly fresh off a campaign setting, come back hinted today at the possibility of sharing the Democratic presidential ticket with Barack Obama.
And with her at the top.
Obama played down his losses, stressing he still holds the lead in delegates and referred to a talk of a joint ticket as premature.
George would like a joint ticket.
Sure.
I could take it for a free joint.
Or a ticket joint.
Right.
Or a ticket to ride, depending on who he was going to ride.
On night, they failed to clarify the Democratic race.
John McCain, Clinton's the Republican nomination.
While switlery won primaries in Texas, Ohio and Rhode Island, holding Obama's winning streak, who won in Vermont?
Both Democrats insisted today to head the best credentials they go ahead to head against McCain or his Clinton put a toe to toe.
How about ass to ass on the spectrum?
Like in Requiem.
I gotta watch that again.
I haven't watched that in a long time.
You know what?
Do you think we need to see it again?
Regularly.
You want to get depressed.
It's a very good move.
Or if you are depressed, watch it and you feel better because you think, boy, I got problems, huh?
Sarah and, uh, what was his name?
I forgot.
I don't know what his name is Jim.
Oh, yeah, Jim.
His name wasn't really Jim.
You just call them that.
I don't.
Let's see how many of you that I remember.
When he showed him that purple vein.
Ooh, thank you, Jim.
Maybe he just called all white guys.
I don't know.
Why not?
Especially if they had a purple vein.
They all look the same.
Wow.
I never thought I'd get to see Jerod Lee.
There was purple vein, but I did.
I feel like Loyla.
I asked on CBS the early show whether she and Obama should be on the same ticket, Clinton said.
That made me wear this his head.
But of course we have to decide who's on top of the ticket.
I think the people of Ohio.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
I think the people of Ohio very clearly said it should be me.
How about all the other states who lost, bitch?
How do you like that?
Obama who had hoped to knock her out yesterday said he would prevail against a tenacious candidate.
Who just keeps on ticking.
She takes a looking and just keeps on ticking.
What a grotesque thought that is.
Oh.
What should I do?
Clinton.
Hey, how'd you go?
Clinton acknowledged the race was closed instead of it coming down to her credentials on national security and the economy.
Well, it's going to come down to hosting delegates as well.
It's going to come down to high.
New presidential content has made the rounds of the more network TV shows this morning declaring only one thing certain
that the campaign would go on and next day showed Obama to career April 22 in Pennsylvania.
Before catching a flight back to Illinois from Texas, Obama told the press,
we're just focused on winged denomination.
That's my focus.
I respect Senator Swarovich.
He's been a tenacious opponent.
It's premature to talk about a joint ticket.
McCain, whose grasp on denomination won't seem to be just in reach.
What do you know why he won, don't you?
Did he fall?
I got a fault.
I won't buy a fault.
Look at the field of goofballs.
Juliannie, who at one time everybody thought was a shoe-in,
who I didn't bother to run a campaign because he was busy eating deli in Hollywood,
who didn't make any impact at all,
a Huckaberry who finally last night got the message,
Mitt Romney, who people are, people are, they may enjoy cartoon characters in the cartoons,
but not like in real life.
So, who is he running against?
You're better.
Ron Paul?
Oh, Neil, are you scared of Ron Paul?
He's a scary guy.
He's like Luca Brassi's a very scary guy.
McCain, whose grasp was once, uh, distant reach,
was headed for the White House today.
Well, he's there right now as a matter of fact.
Chris Matthews is talking about politics.
He could venture his country over there.
He made an investment in America, alone in that cell,
when he was being tortured,
and afraid of being put to death at any moment,
and turning down a chance to come home.
And those are non-political facts,
which I think do work for him.
And when this gets closed, come November,
when it will be, I think, you probably agree,
likely to be a very close contest between him,
and whoever wins the Democratic fight.
And I think people will look at that bat,
that here's a man who has a,
who has a, here's a man who said one thing,
when I did something else like Wayne would say, you know.
The president had a five-star ceremony
with a formal welcome to the White House's North Portico,
lunch in Bush's private dining room,
and a formal endorsement in the Rose Garden.
We just saw that in one of the vomit.
Clinton's victory's last night, tonight in Alabama,
a rare, a ripe opportunity to drive her
from the Democratic presidential race.
It was ripe.
Can you smell it?
I smell something.
It's like three cheese, man, really ripe,
and really, ooh.
But a bomb came away with a large-yard delegates too,
and counting that continued today,
meaning he's got a lead that's going to be tough to overcome.
We still have an insurmountable lead, he said.
We're very confident about where we're going to be,
and that we can win the nomination in the general direction.
Clinton owned bomb.
It's been most of the past two weeks in Ohio and Texas,
but it beat the boot, but it went on,
and it goes on.
And we don't care about it all.
Happy to have Karen Finney,
it's folks falling for the DNC with us.
Oh, God.
Margot said stick with CNN, okay, at least.
At least once in a while, you get somebody on there
who's good for laughs like Candy Cowley,
or Wolflet's Creek, you know?
You're the game will watch it, though, isn't it?
No, hardass.
Yeah, exactly.
Busy Washington, Tellanovela.
Sure.
Exactly, but no, I'm working on a Sunday.
It's a big, big, land-American boobies.
That's right.
Now, where are most of those shows from?
From like Juvenile Fueyla, or various places, but yes.
That is way less of Mexico.
Mexico.
Mexico.
You got a few white people in Mexico.
They keep them locked up in the movie studio.
Argentina.
Get some poignant here.
Even some Brazilian ones, which are dubbed in Spanish.
So, I'm really guessing.
Because it's portugacy?
See.
Now, why do you think that is?
Don't let the team rather strange to you?
What?
That would be like the people in Quebec speaking French.
Yeah.
That would be like the people in the county, no speaking English.
But then again, consider where the people in the county came from, see.
I can understand that.
So, where did the people in Brazil come from?
Hunger?
A lot of them came from Italy.
Did they?
Oh, yeah.
I didn't know that.
I was in a town in Brazil.
I didn't know that.
I thought I'd ever been there.
It's too damn far.
I was going to go to So Paulo.
But it was from Miami.
It's nine hours.
Nine hours.
You can go to Europe for nine hours, you know?
You want to go to So Paulo?
No.
How about Rio?
Want to go to a county?
No, thanks.
I don't want to go to Rio.
You may dress up a little bit.
I can just see you for real.
Oh, sure.
That is the one in my house.
I'll just go there.
You're very modest.
You're smart.
You're smart.
You're right.
You can go there.
You can go there.
Now, in addition, Senator McCain, thanks for the interview.
I can honestly say I prepared my entire life for this moment.
Are you being sarcastic?
The idea.
What?
The idea.
I didn't say those words.
They weren't even words.
Say that again.
The sounds they came out of you.
Never mind.
I'm blessed with such personal greatness.
History has anointed me to save my country in its hour of need.
Okay.
Whatever.
How long do you want to keep the troops in Iraq?
I don't think Americans are concerned if we're there for a hundred years or a thousand years or ten thousand years.
And what about Iran?
I'm very confident that we're going to...
...murand.
Ha ha ha.
Fantastic.
Okay.
We're going to cut to commercial here.
I will never surrender and wait for white flag to surrender.
I will never do it.
Dude, you're not surrendering.
We're just going to go to commercial.
I will never do it.
You're totally crazy, aren't you?
I am committed to it.
In suffocation, we'll be right back.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
I'm a prince.
So anyways, 132QM.
I mean, you know, the idea of a crazy president.
Why not continue, right?
Now, how come I'm getting this week's schedule already?
It's this week's schedule.
So there must have been a change.
Oh, you're...
You know something?
If you could hear the sound quality of your voice.
So...
The...
The...
The city rating in the like...
What can I say?
It's because of the webinar, right?
I'm sure.
I'm under the...
I'm under it.
Oh, it sounds bad.
It sounds like, um...
Like, you know, a pitted speaker.
And a blown speaker sounds like...
That's where you sound.
Hey, hey, hey.
And the level seems really normal.
Maybe Chris Pyt is Chris the lair?
I'm sorry.
Why is that?
Well, I figured, you know, just wait out and leave it to...
I think we're going to need to reset or something like that.
I mean, I can hear you, but it sounds...
Or we need to recess.
Yeah, let's have recess for about 20 minutes.
I'm leaving today at 135.
And then Joe can come in and say,
How come Neil left today?
You know, whoa!
Well, what's the change on this schedule that we had to make a big cynus about?
What's that?
I see a board op change or something here.
A couple of John Lindor instead of the beast or whatever.
But what?
So what's, uh...
What's the deal, Slimuel?
Don't out of care.
The...
The...
Whatever happened down there, man.
On your end, on the SNL near its span.
You're on your...
Now, can you reset it?
I can go reset it, you understand?
You know, we lose your connection when you do that.
I beg your pardon?
We lose you when we do that.
When we do that.
You go out, you can't talk.
I have to play music or something.
Or read the schedule.
Oh, in other words, when you were...
Oh, I see.
It's a two-way thing.
So in other words, you can't talk and fill it only taste like ten seconds.
I was just saying.
Yeah.
We lose...
I should shut up.
Well, we can reset it, but we lose you while that happens.
We're gonna have to reset it.
I'm telling you, you found...
Go, go, go, go, go.
We set the road test more so than ever.
Is he resetting it?
He's going to reset it.
Okay.
I'll give you a second.
We'll let you know when we're back, okay?
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Well, at the moment, a silent meditation,
but he's having school.
And he can't have a school prayer, but we have to do something
to promote God and clergy.
I didn't mean to know I'll come back.
Well, I was very productive today while you came here.
We did my my space a little bit.
New pictures up there.
For us front guests.
Misaki and Mindy Kim from Cocoa, Martha.
New pictures of Martha.
Mm, Martha.
You back here?
You're back, but you're still sound bad.
All right.
What can I do?
Well, it's everything that didn't happen earlier.
Indeed.
Should I reset mine again?
If you want.
I mean, you sound like you're under, um, what?
Water?
No, not underwater.
Like you're under some kind of like a foam mattress or something.
Like you're buried underneath it.
Oh, like that.
Maybe I am.
Maybe you're under a muffler.
Should I be out there?
It feels some good time.
Fine.
Whatever.
Go for it.
I want to do it.
Big trash.
I don't think it's on this end, though, but I'll try it.
I think it's the line.
Do I sound queer, actually?
You sound queer, but very clear.
Yes.
I think it's the line because of the weather.
That's just something that's going to be happening today.
Oh, but in case I don't want to posky with it then.
All right.
I'll lose you all together.
I won't know if I'm on.
That's right.
I have to clog you again in my brain.
And my cross-me-40 center.
I don't know.
Yeah, you don't want to do that.
I sure as hell don't want to do that.
I'm going to get those glasses fixed today.
I'm going to get a new arm on my glasses.
What do you call those?
That's what I always call.
A leg.
A what?
The legs.
Legs?
Uh-huh.
Are you a crazy person or what?
Uh-huh.
You might be right.
Glasses have legs.
No, it's not what they're called.
I never heard that in my life.
Legs?
I don't know.
I'm taking his word for it.
You're not.
I'm going to check out the radar.
Okay.
All right.
I mean, something's going to be.
Why?
I'm googling the parts of glasses for checking out the radar.
Okay, you go ahead and I'll check out the radar.
Here's the image from Miami.
Market, the down 50 by the way.
Oh, look at that.
There's some rain.
An offshore man.
I must be the stuff that blew through before.
Let's put the loop on here.
Let's do the loopty loop.
Let's loop it, baby.
Yeah, all the heavy duty stuff ran through there.
It's offshore.
It's by like the Bahamas now.
Mm-hmm.
And the way down by the keys, man, we really weighed out.
Well, soft days.
Pretty heavy duty, too.
But it's still, but most of the heavy duty stuff is gone.
And once it's gone, it don't turn around and come back.
It's gone.
But it only something must have happened.
And maybe we took a lightning strike again.
Maybe Luke Christie will do lightning strikes.
Maybe we took a lightning strike.
I don't know.
I think Chris made me crank up the level a little bit
to compensate for the fact that you sound...
Err.
There you go.
He still sound like that, but at least I can hear it now.
Or I could crank this up and get some loopty back on.
Or we could just...
Oh, he just...
He just...
He just...
He just...
He just...
He just...
He just...
He just...
Oh, he was there, wasn't he?
Yeah, there's something definitely screwed up in the line.
Did you hear that?
No, I didn't hear it.
What?
I didn't hear it.
You didn't.
I did.
Because it's coming from there.
Just.
Boy.
Anyway, let's get back to David Hernandez.
You know, I really missed my chance because last night it was on
and I was watching the Elisha Returns.
I couldn't have been watching the American Idol.
Like millions of other...
Yeah.
No.
No.
Oh, you're still...
You know something I am going to tape this.
I'm going to play it back to you.
All right.
So you can hear me.
Let me say something.
Yeah, go ahead.
Speak.
To be or not to be, that is the question whether it is noble in the mind to suffer
the slings and arrows about rageous fortune or to take arms against the
ac
Okay.
I will in a second.
Oh.
But, rewind.
Rewind.
Rewind, you idiot.
Here we go.
I think.
Speak.
To be or not to be that.
Oh, wow.
That's brutal.
Mind to suffer the slings and arrows about rageous fortune or to take arms against the
acouple.
See, that's what I'm hearing on this end.
And you're like, oh, how come he's good?
Because that's what I'm hearing.
It doesn't sound like that over here.
What do you mean by that?
In other words, it's not on the ear like that?
Correct.
It's just the return going back to you.
Well, the return is a F-duck man.
The return is really bad.
But again, we're almost done.
We only have twenty-two minutes to go.
Assuming that the group there can get the next show on the corner of the jerk.
It's a great attempt.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Who's the candidate?
The African-American think is great.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
I'm not going to say anything.
Oh my God.
You're free.
He had the look in fact that people
actually made pretty good money here.
Brian said.
A spokesperson for the show
to climb MTV News' request for comment
on the report.
But first and
close to the show, he's not authorized
to comment publicly.
And that's not to be identified
to all APO yesterday.
That the show's got no pants to remove.
Hey, Hernandez from the competition.
Brian can be reached for further comment
at press time, but he told the AP
that Hernandez worked at Dixt steadily for three years
until September 30th.
Well, after he auditioned for I don't send
he went to live 30th.
Brian said that Hernandez did not renew his licensing
with the state, which is why he hasn't performed
at Dixt since that date.
You have to have a license to be a stripper.
Yes, can I?
For you sound, if you could, what do you hear it?
Sorry.
I did.
The end of the thing is the last segment, man.
It's something important to say too,
as soon as you're done with that hazard,
I'll have that gay guy.
Go ahead.
The part of the frame that extend over and or
behind the ears to help hold the frame
in place or called these herpals.
The temples?
There are skull temples for most popular kind.
Comfort cable temples, riding bow temples,
spring hinged temples, and the library
or paddle temples, which are not for you
because those are the straight ones.
Straight temples?
Yes.
I'm ready to go to the temple myself.
The alcohol-free club Dixt was named the best game
made review in 2004 by the Finnish Newtoms,
which said the cabaret's dancers fit a
flurry of fantasy rules, performing as sailors,
construction workers, cowboys and whatever else
are the best vehicles they're fancy.
It says here.
Tickles they're all for a fancy what?
Hey, sailor.
Yeah.
Oh, you beat me to it.
Hey, sailor.
I must have played already, you know,
maybe effort to get there.
Your powers are equal, man.
For you sound really bad.
I think it should lead.
Why?
I think I should lead.
I'm out of my try to re-re-
Stop, no.
Don't try to re-jigger it.
Come on, Ed.
It'll waste time.
I want to re-jigger it.
Go figure.
Go Hernandez has never discussed
this stripping past on the show.
Rumors of his past were posted on the vote
for the worst.com last week,
including images of a barely clothed,
or, I think, pronounced as working as a bartender
at the gay club, burn.
Burn, baby.
Burn.
It was like moss to a flame vote for the worst
founder Dave Della Terza told AP of the rumor.
As soon as I posted that, we started getting
10, 20 letters every single day from saying,
uh, yeah, he's a stripper in Phoenix.
Grind told the AP that the idol
contested never sang at Dix,
and then he now believes Hernandez stopped working
at the club because of his idol connection.
After getting high marks on the judges'
last two difers, rendition of the temptations,
Papa was a rolling stone.
Hernandez was, was slighted a performance-
last night for a shot making to the top club.
I don't really get in or not.
Oh my God.
Did he get in?
Who else could press?
Hey, hey, hey.
I'm just, I'm asking how loud.
That's a loud, loud.
Really?
Well, I'll ask somebody to watch that show.
Yeah, that's not a loud.
How loud.
Maybe, uh, Bill, what's his name?
What's his name?
That's the, uh, loud.
Tech?
Bill, no.
Was that his name, Bill Tech?
Yes.
Bill Drek?
Yes.
Or does his live drek walk in a minute?
I know that we got Todd Drek.
Is he still working there?
Yes.
He hasn't been anywhere near the show,
and, uh, oh my God, since before Jesus
was a little infant, and you know something?
That's a good thing.
That's a good thing, too.
Let's keep it that way.
And you want to know why, because you don't have a screw
anoron anymore to come in holding his, uh, holding her
coat tails.
Oh, gee, would you please do this spot for Todd?
You know, it's a piece of crap, but would you please do it?
Remember those days?
I've sure do.
I always had to come in powering behind her,
because she was scared to death of me.
And I'm, uh, what kind of a jerk is scared of me, okay?
A lot of people are.
Why is that?
I would run the acid about me,
I'd never saw such a soft person in this whole life.
Right?
Such an old mama-la?
No, I'm standing there.
I'm breaking up.
That's because my, you know,
don't cry.
My post-nasal drip.
Dennis Quessettich may not be a presidential contender,
but he's still under among his Cleveland constituents,
little Dennis.
The liberal Ohio politician got 50% of the vote
in a five-way Democratic congressional primary yesterday,
beating back critics who said he ignored
business at home to travel to country in his silly
quest to be president.
The six-term incumbent, 61-old face former state representative,
Jim Trackis, who won 80% of Republican votes cast in the
state, Northeast Ohio District.
He joins a parade of incumbents returning challengers and
state lawmakers who went in November's election thought
we answered his victories.
Around Paul, one in Texas again, by the way.
And I know you're afraid of Ron Paul.
Are you scared of him?
Oh, yeah, very, very.
Me too.
Fear of afraid.
Yeah, he scares the hell out of me.
Not as much as my cufflaborary though,
because he's a, he's crazed you then McCain.
If that's possible.
Well, tomorrow's going to be plus two, maybe 36.
Maybe some of this crap is going to melt.
Oh my god.
I'd go for a good patty melt right now.
I think that's what I'm going to have for a lunch today.
That's so good.
Have a patty cake for dessert.
No, no patty cake, patty melt.
And did I mention on the air,
or did I just say off the air?
Red lobster was off the air.
Oh, I didn't say it on the air,
that I wanted to be.
You've been there several times,
it was always very good,
but that's because that were the same thing every time.
But I had some crab cakes the other day,
and Paco had the lobster.
I mean, it was nasty.
The time child was great.
It's a guy for it.
I was good as a window of the oyster house, but then again,
I guess they're not going to reopen for me, huh?
Yes, sir.
Princess spaghetti house in Boston,
I wish they would reopen for me.
Man, oh man.
You talk of a place with great food Boston.
You've ever been there? No.
No.
Chris has been there.
No.
Oh, no.
Nothing, yes.
Not to the place.
And maybe that's where you parked up.
That's what I got fat.
Early 60s, baby, after I got kicked out of college
for not attending class,
because I was busy sleeping after
a drink and then I'm right to borrow all night.
And I went off to Boston
and parked up, man.
I went from about $155 to $212,
a year and a half.
And do I regret it?
No.
It was damn good.
Every bit of it, the Brigham's ice cream in the
Princess spaghetti house and the Joannemos
and the great grinders, sub sandwiches.
Mmm.
What's out of business restaurant?
You missed the most.
That's our poll.
Today, our second poll of the day.
425.
Now, so I guess we got over a thousand
as we started with about a thousand.
And we got the other poll.
Right.
And we got 98.
So we got 1100.
So we got over 1,500 total.
That's pretty good.
That is smoking, baby.
That's more votes on the poll than
food he got in seven months.
In seven years.
Well, I can't wait to Friday to see how good he's doing.
Of course, we don't get the houries and the trends.
But nevertheless, he's doing squat.
The country out there imagines your mind, then.
I'm trying to let it.
What's out of business restaurant?
You missed the most.
The most long is 56.
The Sizzler 39.
Wolfies 38, where the waitress is used to tear off their apron.
I'm out of here.
This is a crazy place.
I'm out of here.
I would take the silverware and heave it, looking against the wall and run out.
Wolfies 38.
Taco B with 33.
Beef Fake Charlie's 24.
The England Oyster has 24.
Korky's 20.
Wags 19.
The black anus has got 18.
Branch House 17.
Poverty 16.
A Wraff 15.
Burton Jacks 14.
Monero's 11.
Mr. Coney Island 8.
And if you're right there and you're still alive, either.
They had good winners, but boy, a schmootsie place, man.
Schmootsie.
Sambo's 8.
Bojangles 8.
Unicorn 7.
The Studio 5.
Finally, the start and make move.
Vito's pizza, four-year steakhouse, four needles on Alton Road 4.
It's had four votes ever since we started.
You have to be really ancient to remember needles.
Rudy's 3.
The ones in the tree.
But we've got a lot of money, don't we?
Villabelli 3.
Rocky Gwachiani's 3.
Size Rivergate 3.
Piccolo's 3.
Joe Sockin's Gold Coast is that up here.
And the crystal does that's a legendary place.
Thanks for, by the way, Standle 2 o'clockers.
That was really whitey.
Hey, welcome.
Good luck with your thing.
The Sizzlin' 2.
The clock 2.
Mary's 2.
Hungry and Charter 2.
One for Luther's barbecue, figuros, the turf pub,
Gigi's and Prince Hamlet, and none.
Zipety Duda for Tyler's, the painted horse, and sporting grooves.
Almost brings a tear to my eye.
So when's the Wayne reopening the Royal Castle?
The biggest name.
The best.
The final plan is no-one.
The show's the best.
I'm going to get my bally.
You am the sports leader.
It's very high on Miami Towns.
And white six o'clock WQA.
Now the good boys pack their gold.
If you can Tyler's a daughter of the pack two gold.
He's a funny guy, but it goes in blue.
Oh, when you make them a bag, hit the driver's seat.
Will it be a job?
A job?
A job?
That's an easy way.
Take your clothes off, Gigi.
I'm going to hold you in town, but I can't do much things.
Take it up a big pool with all this fun.
You only buy the straight will get you a little better at that.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Let's take it down.
The best.
The handle will be fat guy.
She know how to make the ball inside.
That can take you to the shower now.
We need to stick like on the towel.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Hey, oh, wow.
That's an easy way.
Hey, hey.
Hey, hey.
Hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
The biggest names of the best colors.
I am a tortulante.
