The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars and do not reflect those of the Beasley Brockhead group.
It staffs advertisers or agencies.
The biggest name.
The million-dollar-gloves crazy already will be going to 3D-0560W.
Everybody's got money in the depression, boy.
Don't stop the people from watching.
Shep, shep, and shopping, and smart men, and whatever they want.
Yes.
And Schmitten?
Yes.
560W.
QAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil, dialed 16725.
20 in date and rush, nearly in other counties.
Call toll free by 87775.
Neil, 4.560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The appendants expressed by Neil.
Newly explained, the audience comment.
This is not the first day.
Imagine all the data for sponsors.
The audience has now the National Rogers Show.
On 2560W.
Buffalo blows and son of a bill.
Oh!
Excuse me.
Hi. Can I help you?
Hi, yeah. I just bought these.
And I'd like to have them get wrapped.
Do you have Christmas wrapping?
Sure.
Two hours over near the Christmas tree.
Two hours. Thank you very much.
That's right, fool. Check it out. Happy holiday, y'all. We hope it's married.
Cause you're gonna be broke, come January!
I'm segging that, I think I'll do my own Christmas wrapping.
Go ahead and jump and wrap your own. It ain't so easy when you're doing at home.
Cause we got the wrap. We got the ribbons and you know we love money more than wrapping it.
But I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive than you.
We got the wrap. We got the wrap.
I didn't know that in Iraqi culture, it's showing your shoe with somebody is one of the worst.
I think about the only worst thing you can do with somebody is to open that and make it.
Well guess again. What? No, it's your shoe thing. I had heard that all the time.
You've had five points. What? I had heard that before while that.
You had heard that. I forgot all about it.
Well he ducked. And meanwhile what's his name stood there like a goofball? Maliki.
He didn't know that. If they would have thrown him in him they'd have two strikes.
Maybe it was Iraqi bowling. Maybe that's what that was.
Well here it is Monday the 15th. We're only 10 days before Christmas and only six days before Chanukah.
And oh brother, let's get this time of year over with already.
Jesus God. You know, I'm not that I don't want to be a party peeper but my God.
People acting crazy Saturday my good fortune.
Paco's a blackberry just died on Friday. It didn't completely die. The battery was fine.
And it would turn on the little red light come on and it was on but the screen went black. It died.
What was a blackberry? Yeah, that's right. Are you starting to racial crap again?
So anyway, I had to go Saturday to the Eaton Center downtown. The big good shopping center.
Oh luckily it Rogers.
Communications where I had to get the new blackberry to roll any two people in front of me but just getting to there.
Just going in and walking through seers and go I have never ever in my life ever.
Now I take that back. I was in Amsterdam on Queens Day one year. That was a bad mistake.
The only good part about that is wall to wall young people and you're walking you know you're squeezing through to try to get where you go.
Oh excuse me and of course you always pick pick and choose which people you're like walking up against.
Oh excuse me. Can that be felt in like that.
But this was nowhere near as pleasurable as getting in the crowd of Queens Day in Amsterdam. This was annoying.
Just masses and masses of crazed goyem and Jews and at least the Muslims I don't think were there.
masses of masses masses of asses some of them were in glasses.
God just crazy people just shoving and pushing in the yanking and twisting them.
And then of course we got something you don't have and that is the day after Christmas we got Boxing Day.
What's that?
When the store is open like at four or five in the morning and everybody lines up and lines up for hours and you know then they knock the prices down everything.
This year I would imagine it would be crazier than ever because people are looking for the big bar goons you know.
Can you believe it is plus ten it's fifty degrees here.
Hey that's for Castronova.
Oh I have a fake email from him here it is.
If you're going to send me fake emails at least get the name of the person right that you're faking you know.
That would be a good step in the right direction.
This is from Paul Casanova not Castronova.
Hi and you long time that I don't talk to you since last time I ran into you with a sod rest mall.
As you are aware my ratings are in the dump I was wondering when you're going to stand up to Joyce and do the show like it's always been.
That way I can copy your format so my ratings can improve hope everything is well in Canada since early Paul Casanova.
We were just discussing before the show started today although at least you know this is in a lame attempt at a little bit of humor lame very lame.
But we're talking about the fact that there are so many lifeless a holes out there.
Since we started the email thing it's just been a real fly opener I can't believe I always knew that there were a lot of people who fit that I have no life including most of the colors.
But the emails have opened up a whole new window to the world.
God and there's nothing you can do to a chase them away even this morning in my deleted files.
There was one from not Nick Notte again in the Philippines wherever he's hanging out and of course I didn't read it because it just you just deleted deleted files you just get rid of them they go away and you don't see nothing when you're dealing with blocked.
How is it that some people are so stupid they don't realize that they're blocked.
Well for the same reason you blocked them in the first place because they were all.
It is they're lunatics they're crazy people.
And these are people always give me lectures about how they have this wonderful life and I have no life and nobody likes me.
All of a sudden you should this and you should that.
Yeah that's right for example here's more what is it critiques and complaints complaints and critiques Neil at Neil Rogers dot com that's our email for all your critiques and complaints.
Here's one on today this is from Pippi or is it Pippi.
Oh boy.
Take it nice and slow.
On today's poll you should add the reason divorce or relationship break up I know a lot of people who ended up here to escape from bad marriages or bad relationships.
Another reason to add Florida is Florida homestead laws over many years I've met people who bankrupted their businesses up north and bought huge homes down here put in names of family members as well as some doctors who put all the.
Money in their home so it's not to carry such malpractice insurance.
But it would put about oh boy.
Let's add a couple of hundred things to the pool.
Do you want to put divorce on there?
Go ahead put it on there we're having a divorce from Chris not not by choice but.
We've got a very interesting email about Charlie Joe Bell from the fake Jim Sarni anybody remember Jim Sarni?
No remember media Friday.
No.
That was on the mad dog show media Friday he would read Jim Sarni's column and Barry Jackass every Friday they would both write about sports radio.
And then of course Jim Sarni got canned at the Sun Central he was he was just the beginning of the pairing down everybody's getting fired everywhere everybody.
And we were just also before the show this morning wondering about the fact that all these companies are making these humongous cutbacks what happened all of a sudden.
That everybody stopped making money at the same time.
I mean we're looking at our log here and it's overloaded with spots we got spots up the S which I think there's a clinical.
A disease term for that spots up the S and so and of course the Joe Rocho he's got more spots than than airtime I mean it's just commercials all three hours.
And I'm sure mad dog Mr. Mad Dog is loaded with spots we got the dolphins the nine and five dolphins and by the way you people from Buffalo you ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
Not bad enough that you live in a crappy city but your team just chokes and gags that was an early Christmas gift or maybe a Hanukkah gift to the Jets yesterday am I right Chris they gave them the game.
Yep you see that you see that moron put the ball on the ground there. Oh here you go yeah they got the lead they made a miraculous comeback the bills it looks like for sure they're going to win the game and oh no here we don't want it you take it you take the ball and run into the end zone.
You miserable JETSUCK God and then of course the the Patriots just kicked us not out of the raiders was twenty one nothing before they even before the crowd even sat down on our seats.
Well here's one that came in over the weekend.
Neil since all other insiders of assumed fake names why not a representation by the fake Jim Sarni Q.A.M. is added again he says I'm sure this is from across the street.
Let's see Joe Bell has an obsession with an item marks.
She is she since she failed on fourteen hundred the fan she's been banished a Baltimore where she lost her own show and is now the sidekick on some other show.
Her contract run runs out the end of the football season and she'd like nothing more than to come back down to Florida an item marks anybody every here if any remarks.
No I know her brother skid and groucho take that and combine it with Joe's severe infatuation with her and you can take it the bank she's headed to Q.A.M.
Not to mention the fact that Joe's already had discussions with her that probably means buy buy to DA.
Q.A.M. puts the need to mark on you can pretty much count on SS Q.A.M. hitting the ice and going down.
It's quite clear that Joe and clearance is talented evaluation is going to drive that station into the ground is gonna.
I think you're talking in the wrong tense.
In addition I heard you talk about Ken Maldon being out if the budget is off how are they going to afford a new host something is very shady in Bell land it says here in Bell land.
Meanwhile over at 790 changes are coming to don't have your heart set of them going syndicated during the day my heart isn't set on anything I don't care what they do I have no interest it just that when some crap comes along we pass along makes no difference to me.
I hear that they'll go syndicated at night not during the day think you got some bad info half of the dose amigos will be done and the other half will be moved to another show Kevin Rogers will be out thank God for that maybe him and DA can go back to Kansas City together it says.
Time to get back to picking horses with the default with the track should I wear my blue or my brown members only jackets signed to fake Jim sarny.
Pudgy Jim sarny.
Anybody remember Jim sarny.
No.
Anybody know any to mark.
No.
Anybody believe any of this crap about Joe Bell.
Sure.
Like George always says that's the one thing I had a hand to you.
You signed that sports bar with a microphone thing way back in the beginning.
You got to take right if Joe and clearance like it it's going to two things it's going to suck and it's going to fail.
But we don't want to talk about that during the holidays let's let's put a that's right right let's put on a happy face ring from Bell.
I bet this is going to do even though he's going to be out pretty soon on our show put on a happy face that so we'll do.
One second ahead.
Sure.
Nothing I'll let you know you got.
Huh?
I said I'll let you know I decided to do that happy face.
Oh, here you go.
Here's Barry Jackass with a whole bunch of a beastly bought back a whole bunch of its stock and yaddy yaddy yaddy and what does that mean?
Oh, I don't I don't we to care about that.
Sorry Barry no interest boring.
Has it grow molested by 59 year old also sounds like a very boring story.
Erie Ikevitz a Hasidic Jew molested some chick.
Just let you know I have some tickets for you to give your list is for the grand reopening of the Marlon B.
Total taking place this weekend.
Signly owner Feldman right.
Right.
Boy what crap what's swill man.
Oh yeah and here's deleted people coming back.
Deleted people deluded and deleted.
I'm just checking it out now what was I looking for the poll?
How did you end up in South Florida 525 votes?
That's amazing you know what?
My parents moved me here 141 they should be horse whipped they should be buggy whipped for that.
Parents that bring their kids to South Florida.
Born here 116 job 103 that was me job 103 give a listen to that.
No.
Anybody else I escaped out Florida 45 I'm not in South Florida 43 college 24 drafted by the dolphins 14 right.
Osama sent me here for flying lessons 11 but anabode 10 retirement nine fled from Cuba 6 my Mexican brother told me about the great benefit 6 and divorce none yet.
We added divorce out there because according to that one email or all yeah everybody in their brother came here because of divorce and asked you relationship and so far it's got the big none.
But what do we know we don't know how to write.
We know nothing.
We're just.
Fourth leader.
No person of this program will be reproduced about the expense.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
The customs made the customs bear the model so it's family.
Hey, are you holding your head.
Are you sick?
No, Wilma.
It's Barney.
I think he's got the hearts for me.
It's right here logical.
And I think you need a check up from the neck up rubble.
Somebody tell me what's happening.
I'm confused.
Your husbands become a weirdo.
Sores Betty.
There's an insupporable bond that binds us together.
Why don't you just shut up and move to San Francisco?
You might as well get along because you're going to have to sleep together.
What I go to bed it's just me and Smith and Wesson.
Wilma will spend the night with me and you'll stay with Fred Barney.
What?
You've got a better idea.
Oh great.
We're too can play that game Wilma.
Come on Rubble.
Let's go watch some gladiator movies.
Looks like we're going to be bunk meets Fred.
You have a game of time.
Yeah, you've got a problem with that punk.
10, 19 and 5, 60 WQM.
Let's take a look at the schedule.
Let's see who's still working here.
See, I had a really good idea.
I thought, but it's pretty silly.
And when I saw these crazy people on Saturday in the shopping mall just going nuts, shoving
each other and shuffling and hustling and hassling.
And I thought to myself, wouldn't it be nice to like because everybody's broke this year?
Somebody come up with an awful idea like, like, um, recession cards.
Okay.
Instead of a gift, everybody send a recession card for Channuka or Christmas or whatever.
And it just is, oh, best best for the holiday season.
Sorry, but everybody's broken so no gift this year.
All right.
In other words, suspend the gift giving for one year because we're having a freaking depression.
Okay.
Oh, no, we can't do that.
Jesus would be unhappy about that.
And Moses and Saul would be pretty pissed off too.
Don't you think that's a really a novel idea?
Yep.
I like it.
Yeah.
Everybody's getting a recession card this year.
That's right.
Recession card meaning no gift.
Sorry, I can't afford it.
Sorry, sorry, mister, no God.
But no, they're running out there.
I'm going to tell you crazy glam something, man.
Every year we got to put up with this crap.
Every stinkin' year, running around acting like crazy people.
Oh, I got to get some wrapping paper.
And this one chick, she's holding this big roll or wrapping paper like a weapon.
Yeah.
Like a freaking gladiator, yeah.
Oh, and by the way, the concert was on again over the weekend on whatever channel it was.
The Hannah Montana concert with the Jonas Brothers.
You can't complain about their music the Jonas Brothers because they don't write any and they don't sing any.
They just make a lot of sounds.
Yeah, that's it.
Kind of like her audience.
Yeah.
Like that.
All right.
So I'm off of them.
Thanks for the book anyway, jolly, and we don't want to meet him mark on this station.
She's nobody ever heard of her.
They already tried the thing with the sports pay.
That worked out pretty good, didn't it?
She came on the very first night.
Well, I don't know anything about soft floor to sports teams.
Can anybody enlighten me?
What's going on here?
That was good.
Columbia and Julio says, I don't know what's worse.
The calling of the game by Jimmy Cifilis or the comments of the big silly dog best regards.
Columbia and Julio.
The worst play by play calling WORSC.
Anyway, I just read him.
Okay, I don't write him.
I just read him.
Pass him along.
NeilRodges.com.
I believe you me.
Anything this between now and the end of the year is going to be really cherished.
Well, really be valuable, even if it's Kaka because, you know, Kaka, this year, more than any year, I've ever seen in my life,
the between about the starting last Monday.
And I'm sure through the end of the year, grim and slim.
These people are busy.
They have busy.
I'm busy.
They're really busy.
God.
Here's one from Cal who says just in case the topic comes up for discussion, the new movie version of the day the Earth stood still.
Just saw the movie and it really sucked.
Oh, yeah.
What you liked it?
No, I saw it over the weekend.
It sucked like the vacuum of space.
Just another excuse for computer generated special effects.
Not even.
Incredibly bad script.
Really bad acting, especially Will Smith's kid who was just doing it for name value.
Amen.
Kiano Reeves asks like a robot.
Okay.
It's supposed to be playing an alien, but he asks like a robot.
Yup.
A Kiano.
You're fair.
Yes, from Toronto, eh?
And Kathy Bates was even worse.
Yup.
Now, what was the movie she was in that you were raving about?
Ah, no, I can't remember.
No, the one that about the late night, I think it's called late night.
Oh, that one.
Well, that was a TV made for TV movie.
Sort of.
Nevertheless.
No where nearest good is the original 51 version.
Tell everybody, save your money.
Don't see unless you can.
I can't live from the internet.
Amen.
I want to echo that person's sentiments and then increase the volume a lot.
The day the earth, oh, increased the volume.
The day the earth still blows.
The blow is chunks.
Wow.
Sucked donkeys.
Hmm.
Oh, good.
Yuck.
And I had high hopes.
And by the way, if you're expecting more action than the original, forget about it.
The thousand 91 points.
I like my idea of a no, I don't know how you'd say it.
I mean, I'm not, I'm not freezing it right, but I think I'm giving you the general idea.
How about this?
A best wishes card.
You give up all your best wishes and I say my best wishes.
Everybody's broken, including me.
We can't afford any gifts this year, but you should all understand that.
I don't expect anything from you and you're not getting nothing from me.
That would be nice.
David says, did the shows of the people that went to CGW get checked?
Oh, the shoes.
Like when we fly.
If not, maybe now when somebody visits the White House, they'll have to take their shoes off.
Often it's good enough for the Buddhist.
It's good enough for our other goam.
Still enjoy both you and George since 1985.
Happy holidays to allses, David.
Thanks, David.
Zygazunt.
Here's another, David, and floss more.
Hope everything is well.
Tell all those people who criticize you to kiss your ass.
Kiss my ass, okay?
Kiss my big fat smelly ass.
There you go, David.
They're all losers in chronics.
They suck.
Keep up the good work and Dan LaBasterd blows.
He's the absolute worst.
Thanks for dealing with these losers you make my day fly by.
Well, thanks, old buddy.
David and floss more.
I don't floss.
Once in a while, I'll get it.
If I'm sitting there watching TV, I'm bored or whatever.
And I got a thing of dental floss on the coffee table to kind of inspire me to go ahead and do it.
I just don't do it.
I know you're supposed to do it.
I don't need it.
Anybody out there floss your teeth?
Like more than once a month or once every six months?
Every time I get my teeth cleaned, the hygienist, she's really great.
And she gives me another little thing of dental floss.
I probably got a collection of them.
I could start collecting them like stamps.
I learned how to do macrame.
It makes the time.
I get me a floss album.
Or maybe it'd be a nice Christmas gift.
Here's some dental floss.
Here's a, here's a health-oriented gift.
Here's a little thing of a gob of dental floss.
Here's one from somebody, Justin.
He says Florida really is a backward state.
If you go on the Sunset and the website, the leading story is head on the gun sale,
Sird, at shops with fears Obama will ban them.
That's a story from like a hundred years ago.
Remember that right after you had election?
Yep.
Inside the article, they got great quotes from stupid ass Floridian, such as Mike,
who says Obama is a gun grabbing liberal and that's all there is to it.
As if this article didn't say it all right.
Right next to the above headline, there's an article titled,
Man Drops Gun Waiting in Line Shoots Woman.
That's not a nice go on Justin.
Leo says I was in Chicago last week, turned on TV,
and there was the Big A, O Big A hole on National TV.
He looks like Dracula or Cuban Joe Rose with a big head,
and Black shoe polish share.
Also I've seen Zack a couple of weeks ago,
and he lost 50 pounds, he's got 200 to go.
What a fat pig, sis Leo.
Who's the first person he's talking about, the big A,
on National TV?
No idea.
No idea.
Huh.
And he's calling Zack a fat pig.
We'd like to see what you look like, Leo.
Probably a tip in about 800 pounds, you slide.
With big turrets.
We've got a good point.
4.60 QAM.
The fourth league.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the Mad Dog, Jim Mandits, afternoons, 4.60.
4.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Until the mall goes, spend it all.
Always quite oak.
You're going broke.
Strung to the mall.
Go, spend it all.
Always quite oak.
You're going broke.
Let's fight us thinking, Triumph, pick the mods of people,
Or quite a red pig.
Let's find a parking space, here, although the chances are quite a red pig.
Very, very, very, Merry Christmas.
Very, very, Merry Christmas.
One to the mall.
Go, spend it all.
Always quite oak.
You're going broke.
Strung to the mall.
Strung to the mall.
Spend it all.
Always quite oak.
You're going broke.
Strung.
10.31 at 5.60 WQAM.
There he is again, peeing on our parade.
Next thing you know, he'll be telling the kids like he does every year that there's no Santa Claus.
No Santa Claus.
No God.
No BS.
Your parents made all of these things up.
Well, there's somebody way before them made them up and they just keep repeating the same crap.
Oh, put your stocking out now.
Put your stocking out and Santa will stuff it.
I'd hate to think what he's going to put in it.
Kimbo says, that can't be our Kimbo, can it?
No.
Sure it can.
No.
How do you know that?
I would bet a million dollars.
Against my penny.
Sure.
Anyway, it says here's the card I give out.
Times are tough money's hard.
Here's your F and Christmas card.
Our old.
Yeah, ancient.
Well, so it was Kimbo.
That's another piece of evidence.
No, he wouldn't dig in the face.
I don't blame him.
Okay.
Cigarster engine.
Dullard.
He's still on that thing.
Oh, that's right.
Let's take a look at the schedule today.
See who's still here?
Orlando 2 to 4.
The big rock solid.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Dolphins tonight.
Seven to eight.
Oh, boy.
Then D.A.
8 to 11.
So I was told that.
Yes.
Orlando was chosen as the station representative every week on ESPN.
So that's who that email was talking about.
It says the big A.
I guess that's the big A.
So you're going to be the one who got the last call.
I see.
Or maybe they just.
All our idiot.
Zigary Orlando,
Al Zagiri.
Is he kind of like Joe Zagaki?
All Zagiri.
I don't think so.
Hmm.
So you're the one that got Leo's email.
You you fingered it out.
What a sleuth.
No, someone sent me the message.
Send you the message saying what that Orlando was chosen every week.
Who represent the station on ESPN.
I have three words to say and reply to that.
Oh my God.
Okay.
Brandon sends me this.
He says I sent that Jewish story because the family of the molester girl sought a
Binnacle approval before going to the police, which I thought you would find funny.
Yeah.
It was kind of like.
You're kind of like that funny.
I'm using anyways on my work today.
I was slipping through the stations came across the first Bubba loves bunch promo.
He said he was going to shake this bitch up.
I thought I would let you know, shake the bitch up.
Bubba.
But I guess he didn't hear the show.
Didn't he debut this morning on whatever station he's on 93 point something.
One of those.
I don't know.
How come we haven't had any spiraries about Bubba loves fun.
Good question.
Because he's going to shake this bitch up.
Yeah.
We'll start shaking.
Yeah, shake this.
Rick and dear feels as just sitting here wrapping gifts.
And remember when I first started listening to you a friend told me back about eight nineteen eighty five about a radical and funny talk show.
Been listening ever since but never had the balls to call.
Best wishes to allses Rick and dear field beach.
Well happy.
Merry Christmas and happy or whatever.
All those things Rick.
I just to me it's a pain in the ass.
Because I don't celebrate Christmas.
I certainly don't celebrate Junuka and you know.
And that makes me a bad guy.
It makes me a party pooper and I give plenty of gifts all year long.
I'm a very generous guy but I don't think we ought to have like one period of time when it's like mandatory.
Either you give a bunch of gifts to everybody and their brother or you're a bastard.
Right.
Well if you have children you don't allow it to opt out or you're you're that's like child abuse.
Really?
Oh yeah.
Hmm.
Well I got a real good answer for that.
I don't have any kids.
Yeah if you don't want to see the Jehovah's Witnesses.
They don't celebrate and they're like really militant about not celebrating it.
Really?
And and their kids just grow up in a world of her boy they're made fun of.
They they have to envy everybody else.
You know they just feel like crap around this time of year.
Hmm.
Well they do.
I don't know that.
Because I've known lots of them when I was growing up as all the little J-Dub kids.
They're not getting anything.
They're parents insist that nobody give them anything.
There's a lot of anybody else not getting any too and it's another story.
Yeah that's right.
Well.
Christopher and Unionville Connecticut says the only good movie Kathy Bates ever made was misery.
Ever since then her career has gone downhill.
Thank God we can listen to you on the streaming.
Connecticut Radio sucks.
Says Chris and Unionville Connecticut.
Thanks Chris.
Now you said that movie she was in the TV movie.
Yes.
It was a very good movie and she did a very good job.
I think it's called late night.
Somebody wrote us an email.
Yeah.
Might have saved it.
Well why would you doubt that?
That was on Friday.
You can't remember from Friday to Monday?
I can't remember from five minutes ago.
Oh.
Seen aisle.
Uh huh.
This morning he was belly aching about this new studio setup they put to give there which is totally unsatisfactory.
Well it's not done so.
It's not finished.
Right.
It's kind of like that studio that Bob Vermouth built an Amsterdam.
You know what I mean?
He just left.
He kind of left everything hanging and the Dutch engineer over there wanted to commit the hairy carry.
And it's not so much the new studio but the new audio vault system.
It was leaps and bounds behind the other one.
In other words the old system was way better.
As bad as it was it was way better than this.
Well of course.
Is there any doubt about that that's the way they're going to do it?
That's progress.
Not slow.
Not fast.
Just have fast.
That's the beastly FN way.
Now this one from fake Johnny Depp.
Bonjour Neil.
I'm glad to see Bill Kamala's free and in America.
I'll keep my kids in France where they'll be safe.
No 711's here to get picked up at anyway.
I'll wear a war PS played Wayne Stomp for an old friend.
I'll send you a pirate blow up.
No.
Not to fake Johnny Depp.
Don't get any requests on this show.
Boy it's going to be a long last.
What do we got?
I'll allow.
Actually I'm not on vacation to like the 28th or 9th whatever that day is.
29th two weeks from today.
Right.
Hey that's my birthday.
Is it really?
Well happy birthday.
Well thank you everyone.
Happy birthday.
Oh and somebody else has sent me this thing.
Beasley Broadcast Group suspends dividends in every to conserve cash.
I'm not interested.
They get they get psychotic.
They go crazy when anybody talks about their stock.
So the last thing we need to start doing now is.
I want to blow out my brain.
And I wonder it's rough to set the blinded by the G.I.
Oh we got so many of those you know my as well make some use of them.
The late shift.
That's a late what the late shift.
Ever take a late shift?
No.
I took several early ones this morning.
Wow.
Yeah.
Talk about being in the holiday mood.
I was joycing and rejoicing and rejoicing.
Wow.
Wow.
Oh yeah.
Woo.
Lots of rejoicing.
Now I'm done.
Now I'm all like.
Yeah.
I'm not.
You're not?
No I think it might have joy.
Joyce may go rejoice again just for the holidays.
Because we're in the holiday spirit here at Q.A.M.
That's why a lot of people getting fired.
Isn't this very appropriate by the way that all these people are getting laid off and fired right at holiday time?
Merry Christmas and by the way.
You're fired.
Man.
Yeah.
Bastards.
KC not not R.K.C. but some other KC guy in L.A.
Says I'm listening to the day show meaning Friday from the archives.
Just heard you mentioned you're underware of anyone listening from L.A.
I thought I'd wrap it quick.
Notely, you know I'm a long time listener from the mid 80s.
Listening from Los Angeles for over 10 years now since early 98.
I listen every day often play the archives as well in case I missed anything on the live broadcast.
Is I'm either getting ready for work, commuting to work, actually working during the show.
Technically I'm listening from Simi Valley just outside L.A.
But I live in L.A. My office is about a mile from the presidential library and see me with the Reagan presidential library as a point of reference.
Do you care where his office is?
No.
You care about Ronnie Reagan?
No.
I mean, nothing we want to sound in session.
We're glad you're listening and that's the craziest thing.
No, he was a nice guy.
Okay, a little bit boring, but a nice guy.
Christ.
Gentlemen, get a fast out of here.
He's in the Rogers.
Sporting.
The 4th lead.
So big of a...
So big of a...
To that talent.
It's the D.A. show.
Wing nights for me.
Two on M and P.R.
Sport for you.
The 5th.
The Q.A.M.
The...
Sport.
Buffalo blows.
And son of a bill.
Oh!
Rectomals is Christmas season.
Rectomals are Christmas season.
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The...
The,...
The,...
The,...
The,...
Is it next month, on early basis?
Yup, it is Tuesday.
Jonas just I was serious I forgot because I saw that concert again and believe me they can't sing at all turn the volume down and play
Joey Jonas is not attractive. He's hot. Okay. That make it feel better. No. Oh makes me feel better. Okay
Anyway, I'm I'm losing and I'm totally out of I told you between my birthday and the eight year every year
I'm just in a fog while join the club
Bob other reason we're not getting any spy reports and thanks to Bob
He starts his new show the knob guys out there the knob polisher. Well wait. I'll play some music. I'll fill for if you want to go on
See him he's twisting it. Mm-hmm extra hard to bio
Bubba starts his what nothing he's twisting my knob very hard
Sure, it's not the first time Bob starts his new show on January 5th from 9 to noon on 96 1 K rock and 4 Myers
9 to noon
I
Thought his show was on 6 to 10 a.m. At least here anyway
Well, maybe they're gonna tape it who the hell knows what the story is so thanks to Bob
In Fort Myers see him then Dayton Broward. They don't know from nothing but a guy in Fort Myers
He you know he takes the time to send us the amus to give us the report
6 to 10 a.m. on one of those awful cock stations
93.1 103 point whatever the hell it is
Baba Baba loves fun if you're if you're a Tampa Redneck kind of guy. You'll love that show. I'm sure
Because that's Baba never hurt him though. He might be great. I bet he's the best
Let's see here's one that says saw the movie as well and concur with your synopsis it blows
No, did you see the trailer for 2012?
Yeah, it's gonna blow too
Well says what do you think George says he thinks it's gonna blow?
It's gonna be pretty plotless, you know another way say true to the concept of nibble-rue
What?
An I be I are you I don't know. I just got a book somebody saved a get something gave me for my birthday
I haven't read it yet about 2012
Will they stay true to the concept of nibble-rue?
You don't know what that means no not yet Google it fatso
Spall again and I be I are you the
concept of me be rude
You guys are the best I think you found a winner with this format Mary whatever chrysanthemir ponds. Thanks Chris
I agree the calls blow all these people oh we like to fund you a phone calls
There aren't any funny phone calls. Okay, they're just three or four morons
And that's it and then like I know these people wanted me to continue going back the same old stuff again
You know once in a while I throw one on there just for variety
There aren't any coming in right now and they probably won't be all this week or next week or the week after that
It's the holidays baby everybody's running around like crazy people because they're compelled the spirit of Christ
Compels them to go out there and shop until they drop what a what a stupid bunch of crap. Oh, no
It's a good piece good piece on earth. Yeah, we'll go get a good piece
Cry now loud or here's one from JP lose man
Says man do I suck I stink like fresh crap my life is really great making millions
I really have no idea what the one I'm doing on the field that often see the backup
I think I'll be really really really kidding
So yeah JP lose man when your name is lose man that means you're gonna lose hey really gave that game away
He made it was shades of Serge Rose and fields
The way he put that ball in the right it was lucky like he set it down did you see that play?
Chris not really I just saw the highlight for half a second. That's what I mean. I'm not talking about live
Did you see the clip of it? Yeah, I didn't get to see it very well
It was kind of like he just handed them the ball said here run it on in and good luck in the playoffs like that you know and
And those thinking rotten smelly jets fans are oh we kicked their ass. Yeah, right you ought to you ought to get on your knees
And thank God that you got that win yesterday
So according to these theories of Sumerian cosmology I beg your pardon
Nibburu was a kind of well. Haka are you guys talking about?
Nibburu was the 12th member in the solar system family of planets
Which includes 10 planets the Sun and the Moon?
It's catastrophic collision with Tiamat a planet that was between Mars and Jupiter would have formed the planet Earth the asteroid belt and the moon
So it's a theory of how the earth
Asteroid belt in the moon came together or were formed
Don't want to read it one more time. I feel better now. No, I'm going
You know you fun you were talking about missing a spot shaving
Yes, and I realized that my chin I shave very poorly this morning
I don't know why it'll just grab your nuts because now it'll be like
Revenant well, I don't want to rub it rub it but the advantage I have over you is I can run it on its break
Run into the back room and pick up my
Joe I got this little thing here
That's not gonna cut it doesn't cut it
What is that it's one of those little it's like a trimmer? Yeah, like a T trimmer
Like a Hanukkah Bush very much, uh-huh like that, but it doesn't shave very close enough
Well, I'll be damn
Marx says
Marx says screw the collars at a boy mark
Neil my sister told me about your radio show back in the 70s when we were both in high school
She listened to it because she liked your guests and the collar she said were hysterical
My sister was always into astrology she's a crazy person and she especially loved when you had Mickey day non
Oh, who's with a bee? What's in your hair? Who's with a bee?
I listened once or twice and I just didn't get it so instead listening to something I didn't care for I turned it off
What a concept I've turned it back on and after my sister told me to change your format no longer had boring guests
No ladies as colors
Asking about their colostomy bags. I haven't missed many shows since then. I bought all your best of CDs
Anything else you would tout restaurants vendors and alike now you have a show with basically no colors a talk show with no colors
I don't think anybody could pull it off of all the restrictions Q.A. I'm in the A whole lawyers and Joyce have burdened you with but then the only colors are
Daron and Blad Mike and the I'm your friend guy in the quarter slot guy
I say screw the collars the email is just fine if you can pick and choose and block
Whoever you want unlike the phones where you have little ability to filter all the crap except through the delay
I've only called once or twice in 20 years because I didn't feel I could contribute to the show either of these guys
They've contributed nothing except angst and
Agina
I only hope that when you decide to retire you do it on your own terms also hope that one day George gets his own show
Just stop arguing with the religious crazy nuts. He said I mean I guess he's talking about you
You argue with a crazy religious nuts as often as I can and I'm not gonna
Even when you lose they just want to hear their voice on the radio tape and listen to it later in their bedroom while they that's right blank
While they blank one can only begin to imagine what they're blanking and where they're blanking
That's right thanks mark excellent the butt sucking email. I like it
We need a lot more like that as opposed to
The post should be that
I gotta go shave. I mean I did shave, but I don't like the way I shave my chin
No the hair on my chinny chin will drive you nuts where did that come from the hair on his chinny chin chin?
What the three pigs not by the
The three pigs in the wolf and the blow my house down a sack and beast and fat Chris that's right oh
Yes speaking a fact guess who I saw I didn't see it live
But I saw clip of interviewing Chad Pennington after the game yesterday
Let me give you a clue
The Humper I
I guess he must have been doing it for ESPN, huh? What do you think that so I would assume?
You see him I
Did not know you know what he looked like? Yeah, I know what he looks like Hank it looked just like Hank
At a boy Humper hang in there man
So then I guess he got to cover the home game all where he says he doesn't get to spend too much time and stuff
Florida that's why he's so happy I guess you seem pretty happy that we had that dinner. Oh, no
Oh
The beast sends me a picture of Anita Mark dressed up in a dolphin get up. Oh my God. I'm gonna forward this to you. Please I will
Let's see forward here we go forward to George
This is Joe Bell's
Crush no, no, well, that's what that email said that email said, you know, we don't know if it's good. We don't know if that's true
Are you sticking up for jolly Joe again? I'm just saying you can say any yeah, that's it
He just didn't he get through telling you what a great job you doing how much he admires you and wishes
He could be just like you. Yes the fake Joe Bell 3% raise I think the 3% raise is being recalled because of the a situation
Mm-hmm that I was down 94 points. It's just kind of
Sat right there all and by the way bad news for you serious people 14 cent oh my god. Oh
I think what we left on a Friday was 15 cent and I was 14 if that thing cracks 14 if it finds itself a new bottom
Welcome. Oh boy
Look out
You load 14 cent and what do you get Tennessee only for gonna be on the show next week good
Might as well might as well drag his ass in there and prompt him up where Chris used to sit that would be a good idea our
Dead man of the week
Sitting in the you know in this here where fat Chris used to sit. Yeah our dead board op
1056 a Q a.m
The biggest names the best
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ a.m
I am a for the other day. This is the Neil Rogers show
This is your brain
Any questions the good test for the next 60 seconds this station will conduct a test of the emergency British broadcasting system
This is only a test
Oh
You American Colonials have never really appreciate you are we in the UK have done for you
We've given you everything from a system of government to board George and what have you given us except for those
Stupid shows on the TV like darn it's me and even they have just gave us back Joan Carlos
We never really wanted to hear in the first place. So really when it comes right down to it
We're not very happy with you at all. No, no, no
This has been a test of the emergency British broadcasting system in the event of an actual emergency
We still would have made time to serve you at least a cup of tea. It perhaps loved it crumpled a skirt
Shut up
That's what you like
Yes, I requested that thank you and I like it too well. I found it so I found it. Yes. See this picture
Rings the bell with me. I do believe this is someone who posed naked and that this particular picture is part of that
Pictorial from playboy or something. Yes, you're ugly horse face. So that's really a need to mark
Yes
Now I'm not gonna find the naked pictures of her and send it to you. No, I don't want to see naked pictures of Anita Mark
I want to see naked pictures of Joe Jonas. That would be a bonus
That was down 105 points. I don't want to see naked pictures of anybody. I'll be very honest with it
Naked pictures of guys to this old fang are much less stimulating than I'm sure the naked pictures of chicks to like straight guys
Okay, naked is not you know, I mean unless it's somebody in the sack with you naked
That's a different story or like sitting right next to you, but naked pictures. I don't know
Like guys that send me pictures of these big phony rubbery
Penises. Oh Jesus car and we're not phony real
Ugh, Fui
Donna in pepper pine says
Hey, Neil happy holidays. We've been listening you for over 20 years and then you are by far the best town that ever on radio
I agree with that. I'm no bubbing love spoons. Oh, we're gonna kick the bitch. Whatever whatever Brandon said
I'm gonna kick the bitch in the ass. Yeah starting January 5
My wife and I were saying the other day what's gonna happen when you'll finally retire? We're dreading that inevitable day. I'm not
Maybe tomorrow would be a good day retire
On another note we do like to hear the phone calls every once in a while because sometimes people actually have something to say
However, the emails are a better idea right good thinking Donna a better idea
A much much much much much better idea than I'm your friend. I'm your friend. I'm really your friend
Hi Ron. It's no run run
And closing you're the best ever by the way so you know you have an audience
You may be surprised you're about the girls of western high ages 15 to 18 love you
We say this because we heard you don't have much of a woman audience query the numbers
Please don't leave us anytime soon. Keep up the good work Neil. Thanks Donna
The
The girls of western high 15 to 18 love you
How do you like that
That's great news
Well, and we love them right you got a lot in common
We love everybody who listens who wasn't a pain in the ass who isn't a chronic complainer
We hate those people like poison but keep listening and keep putting marking it down in those diary
Oh
Let's see all piece of copy for next week. Can that be right? It's a correction
It's a correction of what the date on this copy is April 17th
Oh, oh, sorry, this is the all-time best I
Ask for a correction on that other piece of copy remember the end of the day
You 15 street fisheries, which is not this account. Okay, the copy is for Miami prime grille with the correct address, but nevertheless
Oh my God
Talk about absent starts April 7th 2008
Yeah, and the copy says yeah, you're right. It says it's all about Miami prime grill right
It's got the correct address without 700 different numbers in the address
But at the top it says 15 street fisheries
I told you is this from Andrew the yeah, there is no bone that bigger Andrew you're a moron
You're at the exactly the right place for you, baby QA themselves the best part was when he came in here to bring that one back
Yeah, he like he was like very mad that he had to bring it back over again and like you know that I was
Yeah, I'm trying to remember we did something wrong
right
Simpleton moron and I bet you Chris Jones found him
Yeah, I'm on a street. Yeah, I'm on a street. I love that so I went in and I we did my chin the problem was that the razor
I was using it was finished and you know, I don't have any more of that particular kind
I got some other new ones like the three track. What do you call that one?
Did you let with the triple triple track three track? No, I'll track my ass no way
But anyway
That was the problem so my chinny chin chin is now a little bit better
You're the one that put that in my mind you planted that right in my mind
How I do what a what a pain in the ass it is when you miss a spot shaving and then later on you realize oh geez
I look like a clown more so than usual. Yeah, I'm gonna. What about how it looks?
It's just every time you touch that spot. It's like ah geez. Oh, this is very bad. This is from a 10 52 a.m. This morning market down
From somebody with no name. Oh, this is a chronic again as Jim Morrison said this is the end the end for Q a.m
Clearly WQM is the weakest link is already teetering on the edge of will not survive when cheap channel opens up
Their sports station with real promotion in a real signal and
Where is jicke who promised to get back to you on Friday with the inside scoop?
But we never got the we never got the copy of the memo from over there. We're slipping. We just don't have the source
We're right
What we don't have the pull we used to have or the connection. We don't have the pull we used to be able to pull it
Also, there are rumors that cheap channel fired the slub who leaked that memo by the way
Why are they blowing out 93.9? They should blow out the ethnic one or 3.5 or 94.9 which are much weaker and only have ratings at all because
Arbitron unfairly excused toward ethnics. Yes, no, they're not much weaker. They're all they're all class C F M the hundred thousand watts
But as usual the morons the cheap channel make the worst possible move
Well, this is somebody who can't make up their mind
Whether QM is the we will not survive, but the cheap channel is makes the worst possible. That's why we do survive
Because the competition is even dumber than our management, which is almost impossible
But trust me when I tell you anybody that would put Jimmy Cifilis on in the morning and they're talking about this great sports line up
They're gonna have oh my god Jimmy Cifilis on FM you'll be able to hear every list and every oh mince
Get some mince pie for Christmas Jimmy is selling it seven a close-out sale from that wine joint
Oh, you're unfair to Jimmy Cifilis Neil. You're so nasty
Dear sir, I am barrister Henry Williams from Nigeria. I'll get lost
These never stop coming in man these never stop
Oh
Every man's fantasy job. Oh, oh, this is like a some guy peddling his business
Let me just say this right now whether it's on the my space page, although we get nothing on there at all anymore
I'm to show my space we get nothing
Except occasionally people. Oh, what's that thing mob mobsters or whatever that? Yeah
What what is that there? There are lots of games that you play if you try to like suck me into some game or promoting some
Crappin forget about it. I'm not gonna happen. I just delete you. You'll doesn't play that kind of game
No, there are other games. I like to play here's one it says just saying hi again
How about people were transferred due to their jobs job transfer?
This is a safe job on there on a cool. I think it does. Let me go back and look at the pool and see what it says a job
118 third place
Read the poll okay before you start
Yeah, you made a mistake you left one out
Oh
Here's doctor out your gift to me would be to go away
The people who are blocked here, they don't they don't realize are you that stupid when I say like a PJ baron
He's got two or three on here again in the deleted. Let me just delete all those deleted ones again empty deleted and they're gone
They're long gone. I don't read them. I
Don't read them. I mean although I keep you off the street
And I guess give you something to do since a lot of you are trying to tell us that message
Over and over and over again
Josh Davis has found every man's fantasy job. He found a way to mix high-horsepower gorgeous girls and provocative poses
He sells sexy glamour shoots and he's trying to what we use our website or our thing here to promote
If you're interested in a job as production assistant get in line
He's got a resume stack three feet high. Well good for you Josh good luck to you
All the unemployed people are gonna be sending me a lot of work. I can give you a job
Neil give me a jump Chris's job is open very soon
Of course, we're not going to be replacing him. We're replacing him with an empty chair with a dead man
With a dead body, right how about Jim Morrison and the dead we can
I'm assuming of the zombie of the day in there. Why we're gonna have the zombie of the day and Elvira okay
635 votes on a pool. I wouldn't be surprised if we can make it like a 50 today
On the 15th of December wouldn't that be quite a feather in your ass?
Mm-hmm. No, I'm talking about you don't care about the pool. They know that by now good. You don't care
And I don't blame you I wouldn't care about it either unless it's you know
It's it's the staple. It's the centerpiece. It's like the May pool. What what is the May pool?
Remember in elementary school we used to dance around the May pool. Yeah with the ribbons and everything
That's something that you want to do on May day. It's a pagan ritual. It's another pagan ritual to be Christmas celebrate spring that kind of thing
Oh, like Christmas
correct
How did you end up in South Florida 637 votes only three in triple digits parents moved me here 173
Born here 141 my job 118 see it's on there fled from Cuba only seven
That's because the young Cubans under the age of a hundred they were born here
They're in category number two fled here from Cuba the old they're listening to radio mambeena
Not that's what the radio mambeena
The best talent you're in your projects
What are you doing?
I'm gonna post it. I'm gonna be the
The fourth lead
The big thing
The best talent is the big O or Landuels of Gary after noon to the four sports radio five six
We can't have them
The sports here
Oh God the holiday season everyone loves Christmas carols
But until now no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year
That's what I said until now introducing Hanukkah carols on CD
Hanukkah is always right at Christmas
Is ain't something new
If you did it is now it then you're not a
You Hanukkah carols on CD spins like a cradle as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other
Spirit of the season
On the day of Hanukkah my mother gave to me eight pound truck never said it's slabs of corn
Be six potato lock
Five years of yield
If you're tired of the old traditional song of the holidays here's a whole new tradition
You'll get tired of almost before you know you better buy gifts and get them on sale
You know how we hate to pay retail
Hanukkah is coming
So tall Hanukkah carols on CD it's the holiday collection you just can't pass over
Okay 1118 at 560 WQM
So when the New Year comes when we finally get all these holidays out of the way all the radio
Kakarai is gonna go down
All the big changes across the street
Said the kid is going back to New York allegedly so the rumor goes Sedona was going in the morning
So the rumor goes midday they're going to name to 3 p.m. Syndicated so the rumor goes and
Whatever else I need a march coming to go Q. I. M. Because Joe Bell's got the hots for alleged
Bubbid loves fun starts on what is it which one 93.1?
Okay
Anybody there? Hello? Hello?
I'm here, but I don't have those answers
I'm just telling you starting after the New Year whole bunch of the other shoes are gonna drop not the ones in Iraq
Was dropped against the wall got to give the old bugger credit man
He kind of he ducked and joked and joked and joked and practiced you know like
Didn't have to practice he did they made all the right moves
Too bad he didn't do any during the years he was in order to talk about the shoe guy the shoe guy need a target practice practice makes perfect right
Here's one that says from last week I'm going back to Thursday because the emails have dried up here
Already it's not even close to noon yet and I'll read it this morning. Well, you got to understand. It's the holidays near you. He didn't faggot
Well, there's black boy of it. You know, he looks like Stan major. He looks like a young Stan major who is also from Illinois by the way
Since we were talking so much about Stan last week
Yeah, boy of it looks like Stan. Yeah, especially the boy part
He really does he looks just like Stan made. No, is that a is that a two-pay or just a really really bad here really bad head of hair. I guess I don't know
Or really bad to pay one of the other it's bad and if anybody knows about I wonder which doctor
Surgery on his hairpiece on his chai
You asked and so on the TV show supernatural it says Dean is so obviously the bottom to the way that he always
Vishes and complaints like a bitch in every single episode Dean is the bottom okay
Likewise Sam is obviously the top because the way Sam always seems to take control of situations and fears no evil and James Dean subservantly like a bitch
So take that Josh quarters. How do you ask supernatural rules says sign gay gay
Wow
It's a good show you ever watch it. No, you wouldn't want once why could you told me to
And and it was whatever weak boring was it?
I got 87 y'all y'all y'all weak or boring. It's a good show
No items in this view on the email. This is I'm gonna be playing Christmas music all week do it
I don't mean regular Christmas. I mean, you know like a regular Christmas music irregular. Yeah
Because they got nothing. Well, we're busy. You don't understand with the mall. You'll read the mall
Send out some Hanukkah guilt to me and George and friends so here too Hanukkah guilt. Oh my god
Isn't that sad by the way I was just gonna say yes as I live in Hollywood and I see all the Hanukkah decorations everywhere
I think it's just the goyum that are part of the madness anymore. I already said the people were there Hanukkah too
But that's like such a small slice man. I think it's a small slice but but anymore anymore anymore what I think anybody
Watches he out rabbit. You got us confused with the Muslims man. Yeah, we got the wrong semites
My Indian friend my young Indian friend at
Would buy and show it up Saturday morning again. He's there. We're usually mostly Saturday morning and
He's obsessed with the end machine on the wheel afford obsessed with it
I think in a spare time. He'd like to take it home and do things with it
I'd like to take him home and do things with him. I'll tell you that but anyway
He lost 3,500 in that machine Saturday morning before he finally either ran off of a
Cash or you know before he maxed out his cards for that day
Now where does a pump like that get 3,500 bucks to lose in the a machine man. I don't know maybe still early 20s, you know
I'm a sugar daddy. I beg your pardon a sugar daddy
You think he's gonna sugar daddy
There's this other big ugly Indian guy that was hanging around with him
Which I've never seen before and then Sunday morning the big ugly Indian guy was there with some other good looking Indian kid playing and losing his ass on
Another wheel of fortune machine. I
Did since I draw the conclusion
It's possible. I mean our Indian people are there any
People I would imagine when you got a billion people there might be a few of fruit cakes right about you know you think
Right even if it's just 1% there's got to be a few
Why would it only be 1% I said even if like?
Tiny one oh
Look at this here's one from somebody how about a pull edition came here on vacation and never left came here to meet someone never left
Listed since late 80s haven't stopped listing since love George and Chris too will miss you Chris you were a great addition of the show
Always George and never tapes this Steve from Boko. Thanks Steve
Thank you
Who's got a strange picture? I can't even make out what it is got a picture a tree and
And I had I don't know what it is well. Thanks anyway Steve. I can't figure out without your sentence
Strange people you want to add came on vacation and never left
I know you know sure this pull blows
We got tomorrow's pull on her yet. No nothing to switch
Huh maybe Eric didn't like my pull
Wouldn't be the first time
Well, he didn't put the edition one the other one on there maybe I'll make one up about the holidays
Now we don't want to do that. That would be too sour
Everybody wants to be in a happy mood. Maybe it's the holidays. It's Chanooka. It's Christmas. It's the birth of our Lord
And all these other fairy tales all your kids out there
There's no Santa Claus and there's no God and all these holidays are just just a money-making scheme. That's all scam and a scheme
Because if they don't make it now the rest of the year
It's gonna be they're gonna be as they say during Christmas time off tourists. That's right gonna be really really bad
They're gonna be off tourists
We're all gonna be out there on food stamps. Too bad. They still don't have us in each green stamps, you know
You're right. They do have a slot machine game called as an H green stamps at hard rock. It's kind of fun
Robert from Vancouver Washington says by the way of Vancouver
Pazers lost five three last night you won't find that score in either of your local newspapers because it was a late game
Especially the Sun Sentinel which goes to bed in 40 afternoon. I'm surprised that his sunset even knows the end of their football games
What a horrible horrible piece of turd that papers become we sympathize with the Tommy jica
He'll be out
He's been there for a hundred years, but he'll be on everybody's getting canned for the holidays
Well, here's the guy with a shoe again
They've only shown it 50 million times keep showing it you can't show it to on right and it keeps missing
Yeah, yeah practice makes perfect keep throwing them in maybe one of these times a little hit
But it won't make any difference because there's no sense. There's no feeling
Hello, Neil. I listened to your archives heard you want somebody who uses a Mac the email you well
You have some by now, but I'm gonna send you this message anyway
I've been using Windows since 95 got to satisfied with Windows when I wanted to archive some old VHS tapes DVD
I switched the Mac over two years ago. I've never regretted it. I've emailed lots of people never had a problem
I've been listening to you since I had a radio accident stumbled on your show and WNWS
While you were writing and raving about religion reading from the book of Ruth
That they changed my life forever. I'm just sorry
I didn't tape some of your old shows, especially the ones on Zeta. Yeah me too. I play them right now
I left Miami in early 89 never regretted it
I remember when you people would call your show and say that we're leaving South Florida
You would get all a polyplexic about it. I'm living out Weston. Love it here. I'm just sorry
I didn't leave sooner while it does get pretty cool here
There's more to life than more and whether in blue skies a man to that. It's murky in the although it's 50 here this morning
What else going on?
The only thing I'll admit is that I miss about Miami is I've never had a good media no j tamali or leccho
Like I used to have on coyote show. I'm really missed that Cuban food. What's a leccho?
Port Rose Port
Puerco see that's me
Puerco as for Chris getting kicked off the show all I can think about is when people used to call your show
Line again to the business you devise them to find other types of employment
That's all I have for you. I hope you Georgian Chris have a happy holiday Robert from Vancouver, Washington man
60 QAM
The fourth leader I got a man on your
This is my wife
She wants gifts galore
Though my back account there is our my jeans
Want what I can't afford after a new year's those bells
They're just
Christmas
And your efforts time to budget
You'll be overspending in so many ways
Poor heaven's face
I got a face
Shopping after credit for that's what I hate
Christmas only
I got a say
I'm putting everything on my own way
1132 and 560 WQM everything you've told me about the sale stiff Andrew is true and then some one an idiot
Yeah, Bumbling to Bumbling idiot
Did we get it right the third time?
So we get another copy of the copy
And we got the the header right and the dates
Yeah, we still have the same misprints and the same the grammar is like a five year old child would write
I don't want to read it because it's just it's insulting you know it's just stupid
Just read through it and then see the misspelling
GR I O L
Greole
Hey, let's go to the greole and get a real three right maybe they got to the Creole that's it maybe that might be it or maybe they're gonna put Andrew on the spit
Maybe they'll nail him to the door next to the Christmas wreath
Right under the Mizzusa
Here's one from Joe
If you're still entertaining ideas for Christmas bits
Whatever that means then I'd like to make a suggestion you haven't played this particular bit many years
Made all over have access to it. I think it even predates the Georgia
I never heard of it it was a parody song to the tune of Santa Claus is coming to town. I think it was called Santa Ria's coming to town
That ring any bells with you Christmas or otherwise?
No, no, no
The first one line went like this you better not cry but not pout
You better not
Yeah, let your kitty cat out Santa Ria's coming to town
There is nothing in that song you have to see can get their feathers rubble about either so I have no idea why you stop playing it a very well written parody
Don't got it never heard of it. No got it
My God
I have no idea why you stop playing it
We lost it it slipped through the cracks
I never heard of it. Do you ever heard of it Fatso?
Nope
Oh the sirens are coming to get Joe
Here's one that says with all the money in man hours the US is wasted on the military training of the Iraqis
You mean they can't even hit a man who's standing still with a shoe mission out accomplished says Greg and Milborn
Yeah, suppose there would have been like a shoe bomb in there or something
Something evil maybe there were a bunch of like Iraqi kudis in there
Oh
Here's Caesar who also wants to add to the pool the pool by the way is closed
The pool is closed no more additions no more anything to it 678 votes
We're doing just fine for horseball pool like this. Where's the one for tomorrow? Nothing to switch is Eric in his box or is he gone?
Maybe Eric is too busy for us too. Jesus talk about fear and they're collected what is there?
So where's tomorrow's pulled and you get it?
If I hit it big in a lot of or casino I would blank I would smit
Tap him on the shoulder and say hey, Eric you tub. What's the story? That's all right. We'll leave this one on there for a while
Because you only got 681 what do you expect during the holidays man your expectations are way too high?
Nothing in the emails nothing Zipity do not they don't care enough to even send Chris their very best wishes
Because any day now could be we were in Georgia wasn't expecting him in today
Right we were wondering
Who's we me and the turd in my pocket. Oh, you and the turd
Neil and the bird here's George and the turd
Don't be picking on Lucy Lopez like that
So what's your name is coming? Well, what's your name again the sports bitch?
I need a man. I need a mark. I need a mark. Not any the Anita man singers are coming. Yeah
That maybe they're gonna do her jingle was a
Need a mark is coming to a QA and that's the rumor that we're starting today based on fake Jim Sarni's email
I don't believe it
Eric says he got no poll it didn't go through apparently
Holy moly, but you know what I'll do a new one. I
Emailed it to him. I know that. I mean I factored. I did something with it. I shoved it. I stuck it in his direction
Caesar says then what about those who moved here to be near a loved one family or friend like those who meet people over the internet and move here to paradise or
Coming here for dying relatives
Unfortunately, I was born here have a great day no more suggestions for the poll. Sorry Caesar
The poll is closed to the did it okay
Let's work up a poll
for Eric
All right, the part of the part of the pilot. I've got it such a swill even I won't put these on here
It's almost like footy and what's your best? Where's the best burger in town for like six months in a row?
Now wonder you got your ass canned footy Jesus God can't even come up with one good pull
We got to come up with a new one every day and you leave that crap on where's the best chili?
Chili chile mochamanguids in town, you know for like 600 days mm-hmm crap
poll
What's your take on the holiday season?
Like that okay the holiday season sure
Why you say that sarcastically no no no no yeah, you are okay. I can tell does he got a look on his push?
Chris always I love it. That's the first choice. I love it. I
Hate it
It's okay
I mean how many choices can there be on this okay? I
Can't wait for it to be over
Is not the same as I hate it? I
Can't wait for it to end okay. There's four choices for you and WTF we stop putting that on it
It that reduced the numbers on the on the poll okay
We stop hooting on there so I'm well during the break
Facts that over the Eric and then we can get rid of this other horrible one about how did you wind up in South Florida?
And it's not even a poll it's just a survey there ought to be like 40,000 votes on there
683 my ass that's weak no items in this view on the emails
They've abandoned me. I'm gonna abandon them. I'm gonna play these Christmas bits from now until uh next circus
Nothing in it kneel at neorodges.com. Here's my last call for emails
Is it almost impossible?
Here's one that says our Jewish people out of Christmas trees and their homes for the holidays are they long?
This is from that this is from that idiot redneck. Oh, God. That's it's already in the deleted folder real jackass
This is the one who said do Jews celebrate Thanksgiving remember that redneck idiot mm-hmm. He's deleted
You're you're out scrogans you're out
688 on the poll will change it as soon as we fax this new one to Eric
That I'm gonna play Christmas bits
We'll see maybe there'll be a whole bunch of emails in that then that view thing. I got it express you want play some kibbles and bits
So what's that one about the Santa Ria? Oh, I got it right here
Oh George hit it in a very cozy place
Think fourth lead
The biggest names the best talent is the mad dog
The man that's half the news quarter seven sports radio five sixty qa.m. The sports leader
neon god
oh
Eat a bagel spin a gerator that's a Jewish staple and they don't get to celebrate Christmas
Oh
They are crying they get crap for eight days and nowhere on Christmas
You're here
Canne
Every year you get
H
That's for
I'm a moon, a moon, cause you don't have Christmas day.
Honey God, honey God, honey God, being you wish it's a pity.
My soul, my soul, you got wrong, cause you don't have Christmas day.
I'm 45 at QA. I mean, I don't know what I'm going to do without Christmas.
By the way, Paul Berens, PJ, whatever your name is, you're blocked under any name.
So go away. Same chronic winery. I don't read your craft, you're just deleted and blocked.
Go away. Come up with a new fake name. Here's one about Randy Moulin, another one to be played by a play guy.
Another ex-jock, that's where it's come down to, man. Only ex-jocks.
And let me tell you, Fatso, who really, not that he's an ex-jock, but he really blows.
And he's just there because of nepotism and his brother blows to Greg Gumball.
He is awful. He's got a really thin voice, you know what I mean?
Like he, like he, like he, that's squeaking, but he can barely speak.
Yeah, like that, just like that, just like the Jonas Brothers singing.
Yeah, like that. Thin, Greg Gumball, strictly nepotism and he strictly sucks.
Okay, that's enough. You know who I mean, Chris, Greg Gumball?
Yeah, of course, sucks. He blows. And he's not even an ex-jock.
Where the hell are the days of the great sports casters, huh?
I started laughing yesterday because I got home from doing the game here,
just for half time of the Steelers game. So I put the TV on and they're going through,
you know, it's now half time, they're going through like, you know, the highlights of the day.
And you know, Dan does his calls or whatever and you know, all the other guys.
And then Sterling Sharp comes on and I'm like, oh my god.
Sterling Sharp?
Shannon Sharp, whatever his name is.
Shannon, Shannon comes on and I was like, oh wow, that's just bad.
I just started eating the remarital times that you like, back on them and like, wow, that's just bad.
He's not just bad in terms of listening to me. He's bad to look at.
I don't know why the NAWPP don't get his FF off the air. God is he horrible.
But you know, another dumb ex-jock, that's what the American guys want to hear is dumb ex-jocks.
And what we sure got plenty of money station, now we got good ex-jocks in a station.
We got dogs, little dog, mad dog, big dog, small dog, round dog, square dog.
And then we got Brock Solid. That one is John McCain would say.
So he's on ESPN. Apparently.
Like I've always told you, everybody and their brothers on ESPN, like when the booster confronted me at a hockey game one time
and the old Miami arena years ago and was sticking up for Chris, what the was his name?
More? Chris Moron, yeah.
Oh, he's on ESPN. How bad can he be? And I said everybody's on ESPN.
With all the sad proof because he's on ESPN. That makes him good. By the way, what team is he working for these days?
Chris Moron. So anyway, getting back to L.D.
who says about Randy Morer, listening to him last night was painful. A lot of general words,
but no real description of what was going on. Really sad. I'd almost prefer for Gildey squeaking.
Not it says. I'm a long time. Pat's fan. They got something right a long time ago.
Gild Santos is the radio play by playboys. Play by play down here is just embarrassing. Have a great day.
You're absolutely correct.
Or play by playing South Florida is a disgrace from Joseph Gackie, the Jimmy Cifalitic and right on down line.
Who does the heat games on the radio?
Um, I know what you're out of read on TV. You talk to his teeth.
70, 70, 72.
Eric Reed, he could be really good if he'd stop with that effect, but he won't stop. He won't stop.
He's pretty good except for the affectations.
79, 78, 77, sunset trip.
Oh, can't stand it. Who does the radio? You're listening. You're thinking.
Yeah, I'm looking it up. I mean, oh no. You're looking it up.
Well, that's what happened. My team goes, who might take a minute like Dave Halberstam and they screw him over.
Boy, that organization is screwed him bad. Dave Halberstam.
Remember that? You can judge. Remember that. I sure do.
I wonder if we're going to get any Hanukkah gifts from Dave Halberstam this year. He probably can't afford to leave.
Hardaway left. Left wing.
That's what it is.
Here's one of the better emails. They're not exactly pouring in to say the best.
I'll just read them slow, you know. I'm just going to slow way down.
Slow, slow, slow. No items in this view. Nothing.
You people are a disgrace the way you abandoned us. We got 703 votes on the pool.
If Eric ever puts a new one up there, which he hasn't yet.
Is he not getting my emails? Is that my faxes? Is that the problem? He did.
He did get this one.
The new poll is ready. Oh, no, it's not ready.
Pull switch. No, it's got a number but it doesn't have the poll names and it's not ready to switch.
Not ready to switch. Okay, Eric.
It's the holidays, man. Everybody's drinking too much freaking eggnog. That's the problem. Spikes.
Sounds good.
Much of morons here last weekend. Not this panic. Well, I'm sure there are plenty of morons tailgating yesterday.
But minus 21 winch here last weekend here and they're outside hours before the game, before the bills, fish game.
The bills just suck. They're an embarrassment.
If I was if I owned the bills, what's the guy's name that owns the bills? Ralph Wilson?
Yeah, that's it. If I was him, he's 140 years old. I would I would fold up the team and then kill myself.
Did you email a fax to him? I faxed to him. Okay.
What is wrong with you guys? I thought you just you're telling me on the one hand that he got it.
Yeah, no, what it is, he said it outside. We couldn't manually input one, but he didn't really, apparently he said he didn't receive anything.
I think.
So I told him he just got you a faxing it to him and it went through. I just told him again.
Oh, this man is getting me really agita.
Is he not working on it now? He's got it then. I'm in the middle of work. Wait, what?
So he said I'm working on it now. I'm in the middle of work.
Would you answer the question you tub of lard? Has he got the new pool that I faxed him? Has he got it?
I'm working on it. Oh, he don't got anything. The audience will testify. Okay. For the right price, they'll go out and I wouldn't stand right now and testify.
You keep telling me, oh, he don't got anything. You know, I said he says new post said crap.
And I said he said no one is firing your fat ass. He said I'm working on it now. I said, okay. He said I'm in the middle of work.
And I said phones, customers, etc. getting the way.
Listen, obviously we respect the fact that his money making takes great presence over these stupid polls.
We're not, we're not like pushing him, but just don't keep telling me he doesn't have it yet.
He didn't have it originally.
Here's one from Jose. He says your show sucks you dirty gay old man. I hear you every day. I love your show.
George is another dirty worthless radio personality. F use sincerely. Jose. Thanks Jose. Subject you pig. That's us.
And we're proud of it. That's right. So he's got the new polls. What you tell me? It doesn't he? You know what?
He now has the new winter poll and he's working on it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What are we going to do without fat Chris when when he's gone?
Who's going to be in contact with Eric? You can't do it all.
Guess what I'm going to be like step children is what we're going to be step children. He says it's now up.
It is up. Yeah. He already switched. Nothing to switch. It's because it's already switched. Oh, I see. Oh, it's already up there. He already switched it. Oh.
I hate it. Now I don't know whether to vote for I hated or I can't wait for it to end.
What would you say? You hate it.
Okay. And look at that. It's okay. We got one. I hate it one. And I can't wait for it to end. Nobody loves it yet.
And that's the people love it. They're already out there shopping and schlepping. They don't have time for us.
Some stupid, negative a pool on the birth of our Lord and all that other. Jose. I. Yeah. During noon to two. I think we're just playing Christmas.
And Tannuka and whatever I can find. Because I made a great plea there on emails. And all we got was, you know, two or three like this one. Chris.
I love slot machines. I played quick hit platinum Saturday night and started with 20 bucks. Got 15 free spins. Got more free spins twice.
One 84 bucks on a dollar 20 bet. That's on those two cent quick hit platinum. I'm sure those those high ones. I hate those don't play dealer. No deal.
It sucks. Fund to play, but you don't win. Schmidt. By the way, I need to know. Do you ever play video poker? No. And if you do, I don't do you ever win. I don't win because I don't play it.
And stay away from video. We let life and luxury good slot. Also life of luxury love you. Uncle Nielsen. Surely Chris. PS who's got a bigger head Keith Obermann or Joe Rose. Nobody in the world got a bigger head than Joe Rose.
Although seeing Obermann on the NFL shows yesterday, it's gone to his head. I'll tell you that his head is swelling. He does a great job in his own show. We, you know, I think we could live without him on the sport stuff. You think? Sure.
I mean, seriously, how many different things does a guy have to do? I mean, he's getting paid like seven million a year or something like that. Whatever he's going to pay millions of dollars. It's not the money. So what do we need to see him on here for? Okay. God Bob costus is he ever going to go away or what? Some of you people just go away already. Don't go away, Matt. Just go away. Little Bob costus. Something needs to step on him. Oh, here's Barry Jack has finally. It looks to be the real deal. The internal email was leaked all over the country. The person who did is now looking for work.
Well, we didn't get a copy of it. You know, your buddy flee. I thought he was the insider. You know, I thought he knew his crap. Yeah. He's got no contacts.
The people in the building tell me it's going to be, oh, the people in the building says fake Barry that it's going to be love 94 born of them also mentioned the beast. Oh, the beat as a sacrificial lamb. What's the beat? Don't know.
Again, six 10 has to sacrifice its North Bay village transmitter site. So the movement FM is probably way to fix things. Oh, so that's actually going to go through.
They're going to have to give up the transmitter site there that they've been getting sued for 100 years. And they're going to be like about six watts somewhere.
They can be your low power sports station to go along with James Crystal and his 48. I bet you I bet you what's his name is really excited about this. What's it that?
Ray Perry. Oh, yeah, because his dream came to a man. Oh, if we just had a hundred more sports stations, it would bring a lot more people to talk.
Ray sports radio. That's why they've all got. Oh, oh, cheers. By the way, speaking of that, the trend coming on on Friday. Right.
That's it's not the holidays. It's the trend coming on Friday. Lots and lots of pressure. Maybe that's why I was juicing and rejoicing so much this morning.
On a special matter, the best out of the world.
Is the new Roger sports radio 560 QAM. The fourth.
The biggest news. The best talent. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM.
I am a Ford Lutterdale. This is British quit. Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Language tape number nine. Learning how to speak whatever language Michael Jackson speaks. Listen and repeat. Michael Jackson.
Now it's your turn. Begin. No, no, try again. Yes, very good. Let's continue. Michael Jackson.
Now it's your turn. Oh, yeah, begin. If you're finding this one difficult, try grabbing your crotch.
Much better. Let's continue. Michael Jackson. Repeat. Now it's your turn. Begin. Very good. Now not only can you speak like Michael Jackson, you can also cough up hairballs.
Now turn this tape over for language tape number 10. Speaking little Richard. I like that.
Little Richard, how is she doing? If he's preaching or whatever, well, there's that blog. It's with the real bad hair piece.
I wonder if he was the same doctor as Mo. Did on the two pay 37 votes on the new pool. We finally got it up there. Now go back and make some money. Eric. We don't have an interfere, especially these days.
Anybody who's got a chance to make a couple of nickels to a clock. Guess where I'm going speaking to making money.
Would buy good guess. So probably in the next 45 minutes, I'll start the process. I got my t-shirt and my shorts on now.
Not my boxer shorts. I got those two, but like my walking shorts. You have lucky shorts. No, I'm not going in my shorts to wood by in the middle of winter time.
No, no, like lucky underwear. No, some people do. Lucky underwear. Some people do. Plus nine. It's 48. It was 50 this morning and now it's dropping down, dropping down, dropping down. Come on. Let's get up to about 75 would be nice. Just for one day for all time's sake.
When happy sweet. Yeah. 50 degrees. What we won't see 50 again until like March. So I better go outside and enjoy. Let me go. I'll see you.
38 votes on the new pool. Our goal is whatever we get. Right. What do we have on the first one? Our goal is a total of a thousand between the first two. What do you have?
I'm sure enough to send their very best. He's one of them. There aren't too many. Most of the people out there are slackers. That's right.
Here's Brandon's pool. When I go on a road trip, I always bring somebody with me. Pick up a hitchhiker. Stop at Cracker Burrell. Stop at Resturias. Bring a load of CDs. Talk to myself. Sing or just drive. It's a good idea. What about listen to the radio? What about smoked dope? Listen to the radio. Smoke dope.
Yeah, this is a good pool. It's got some good possibilities. That's right. Smoke dope. That's the part. George listens to radio and smoke.
Well, what's the radio you're doing? South Florida. You need to smoke dope. Okay. Let's see. What's their take on a holiday season? I can't wait for it to win 12. It's okay. 11. I love it. Seven. I hated six WTF to. I love it. Seven. I hated six.
But I can't wait for it to win 12. Yeah. And just, you know, enough already. Right. I voted WTF WTF. That's a safe way to vote. That's not the way around it. You know, you're family. You got to find out. Right.
I sure hope that you're able to buy a whole bunch of Christmas gifts with all my money. I sent you last week. I always do. Thanks to you. You always do what? That's where my birthday money goes. I buy presents for people with it.
I'm sure you'll help get you by too many degrees. I sent you. I do just fine. Thank you very much. Maybe if I sent you a couple hundred grand, you could buy some nice gifts for myself.
What kind of a selfish answer was that? I buy myself a shack and a little of the woods and then disappear. Why not? Kaczynski. That way you actually get what you want. Right. Ben says you're fat or fat. I can't make up your mind. Question mark. First, you complain. You're not getting any emails. Then you complain. You're getting too many and ripped the chronics. No, I'm not complaining about getting.
You're not getting too many. Make up your mind. You're worse than a woman. What balance would you prefer? Happy holidays. Love the show. Ben. Ben's trying to be a ball bus to that. All. Happy holidays. How do you like that? Not Merry Christmas. See, Ben knows that I'm an old Jew.
Even though I don't celebrate no Hanukkah. I don't got no dreidel. I'm not giving away no Hanukkah guilt. All the while. I already. I give away plenty of guilt.
If I head in the bank right now, all the money that I've given away to people in my lifetime, I could just get up and walk out here and say, Hey, screw you, Joe Bell. You could take your Jonas Brothers book and wipe your ass with it. I like Joey. He's all right.
But that concert if it were if they were just, you know, they do a lot of jumping up and down, writing around the stage and all this other thing. Just do that. Don't sing or don't do that. They could do it. Millie Vanille did. You know, and have somebody sing for them. That's right. Have some.
Somebody who can sing and write real music, write it and sing it. Sure. Because those kids, boy, they are just awful, awful. Horrible.
Now here's speaking of bad crap. Catalonia's fecal Christmas activities. You sent this to me on Friday. I can't. I don't know. Okay. I mean, it came over the facts. You know, yeah, somebody facts it to us, which means it's extra hard to read. I can do it though.
Some of the world's most curious Christmas traditions can be found in Catalonia, where the idea of holiday cheer seems to involve some of life's more basic bodily functions.
Here are two. Something that one wouldn't necessarily expect to find on the same Wikipedia entry. I can't read this. It's two actoids. Factoids. So the office of missing two factoids.
The infant Jesus is God in human form and everyone defecates. You think the infant Jesus defecated holy Schmidt. It would have been. Maybe that's where that expression came from. Now that you mentioned it. Holy Schmidt. I like it. But if you never.
If you navigate to the entry, see that this was a bad copy. And the fact is that how you got it. Yes. If you navigate to the entry, attempting the explanation of the fecal centric Catalonian tradition known as El Caganeer.
What? El Caganeer. Okay. Like Cagamoon. That's exactly what you'll find. Indeed. The tradition is a much loved element of the Christmas celebration in Catalonia.
Despite it's somewhat of skewer beginnings. A Caganeer or pooper. Oh, I wonder if Anderson pooper is in Catalonia. Is a small figure being of a person squatting down with lowered pants or raised skirt to answer an issue's call.
They've been around since the 17th century and can often be found hiding in obscure and obscure corner of the activity scene. Oh, no, the Caganeer is hiding in the corner. I wonder if he's bending down if he's squatting. What a schmitting.
The Caganeer is a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very Yummy! Very, very delicious! Welcome on Mart, very, very, very, very, very good, very tasty. Very, very tasty. Very tasty! Goodbye!
14 cents. Oh, all right. It's hanging. There is a blog
boy of it. They keep showing him with that piece to hear, you
know, he looks just like Stan Major. He really does. Really?
That's the way Stan looked about a hundred years ago. Yeah.
Mike and Hollywood says big of Ben Fan have been a big fan
for years. I'm reading these. I'm stumbling and bumming
that way. I have to read them twice. Come back time. Because
there's nothing in the email. The worries. What do you mean by
what does that mean? Just make sounds with your mouth. We
need like the Jonas Brothers. That's right. You can do a
little better. Oh my God. I'm embarrassed. I'm
humility and degraded. I mean, at least the backstreet boys
and some of those boy bands, at least they made some, you
know, stuff that could be passed off as music. Correct. Some of
it pretty good. But these kids just. That's good. I'm
telling you that you miss college right now. Anyway, here's
Mike and Holly. Well, let's get off the Jonas Brothers. Okay.
Let's get off of Joe. Been a big fan for years. I drive for
living. So I listen to you every day. I just want to tell you
I've been married 20 years with almost two full grown kids. I've
never had the desire to be with another man before. But if
you buy me a 2009 Corvette, I'll let you be my first. No,
you're obviously much too old for this old queen. You don't
mind a little spanking first. Do you also of George's jealous? I
allow him to watch if you don't mind. This is my can hollywood.
Wow. My see what I've got the material. They have nothing.
They're re they're reaching and they're stretching well, so
holidays. Matt Miami, who loves the callers we haven't had
any yet today. Let me look. I don't see any on there now. I mean,
if you think the emails are going to be sparse, who has got
time to call? They're busy. They're really busy, man. See? Matt
says, how is your weekend? It was it was a busy busy. I hope
it was a good one. Did you watch 60 minutes last night? No, I
was watching Christine with John Stockwell. It was really good
except for the blonde bitch that was doing the interview. That
couldn't be Leslie Stahl. Could it that bitch? Well, I wish
you nothing but the best I have to go now. I was just mad
Miami. He has to go now. Like the moody blues. If you think
those two were weak, we tell you this one. Now, you might like
it. Keith says, do you know what was in the briefcase in
Pulp Fiction? No, no one knows. You're not supposed to know
you're supposed to use your imagination. Oh, but it was the guy
soul. It was a soul. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's one of the worst
movies in the history of the subhuman race. Pulp Fiction
my ass. I'll start pulping. God, let's get some of that mayonnaise
for the fries. Okay. Oh, Jesus God goes to show you can pedal
any kind of crap to the public. W. Q. A. M. Hello. First call
the day. And they're gone Q. A. M. Hello. Hey, hey, hello, hello
great. So this thing ain't working. Hello, hello. I are
you serious? The phone thing ain't working? Maybe maybe not
let's start the dittling with it. See what happens. What do you
mean by that? Well, I might have control in here. Chris might
have a phone. Guess what? We got them both on. Hello. They can't
hear me. Yeah, I have the pod on. Q. I. M. Q. I. M. Hello. Hello.
Oh, it's Stan. Stan Major. Yeah. What's that? Can you hear me?
And you have nothing to say. Oh, maybe they can hear me. They
just have nothing to say. That could be Q. A. M. Hello. Happy
holiday. New from the boy. Oh, it's from the truck. Yeah. Good
by Q. I. M. Hello. The worms have been bleeding. Q. I. M. Hello.
Hola. Hola. You know, see you. They can hear me. Hey, Neil. Yeah,
what do you got? This is a fan. I am not a girl in Louisiana,
dude. I don't care what you are. You're annoying. Well, I just
tell the truth, not you can't handle it. I don't care. What's
the reason to make who you are? You're a chronic. You're just a
pest. Okay. That's your opinion. No, it's not my opinion. It's a
fact. What? How you do is knock down the fans that call you and
disagree with you. Disagree with you. Not really about anything.
All you're doing is just being a chronic pest. That's all you got
nothing to say. That's not true. Okay. Okay. Let's see what you
got. Let's hear what you got. Let's hear what you've got. Ah,
that's what he's got. Nothing. A fan. A whole is what it is.
Like a typo, I guess. A whole. Hang up with people who
disagreed. He haven't opinion on anything. No. Is that
pathetic or what? Yeah. If he can't get through on the emails,
he's going to call on the phone now. Right. He's a fan who's an
expert on my life, by the way. And everything about me and
about you and about the world in general. Right. He has no life.
I have no life. We had a time for everyone of these people. Yeah.
He says that all you do this and then you give them the chance to
say whatever that. They have nothing to say. They can't. They
show. What do you? What do you got? And then he just starts screaming.
Oh, he has a radio. Everybody's right. Right. And would
the left of mine or as long as he wanted if he had something to say
and all he gave me was a dial tone. Schmuck. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hello. Yes. I like to wish everybody at five sixty at Q. A. M.
Most by sixty a holiday to remember it from the great one and the
Reverend Joe Q. A. M. Hello. Yes.
Three.
Q. A. M. Hello.
I like the sound of that. I don't know. Q. A. M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yep. The college and call you are even
nervous. So they just have nothing. Absolutely nothing. So that's
the deal. That's the deal.
Okay. Yeah. Neil. Yes. Yes. No. Q. A. M. Hello.
Oh, I. Oh, it's the slurper. No, that was me. No, no, that
part was you've been beginning as the slits the mad slurper. Q. A. M.
Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. I want to call you. I want to hear about
you. When I hear anything about you, quarter-slot guy. Okay.
Die. Die. No. Die. No. Not because you disagree because we never
discussed anything of anything that disagree with or agree.
You're just an a-hole. That's all just like a fan. Oh, no. You're
wrong. That's your opinion. No. It's a fact. Anybody who just
can't sit back and listen without knowing that they're just
annoying and chronic. Just get lost. That's all. If you want to
listen, fine, if not go away, a fan, go away. What is this raw
story? Oh, yeah, but it's it's on our thing. Okay, go away. Jose, can
you please tell my friend Troy the bills are a piece of donkey
turret and tell an Elise that she is the brain of a P. Thanks for
making my mornings longer and full of torture. Jose, see, we
got the same two or three people. That's that's because they're the
only ones who care enough to send anything. But not the people
have been blocked like a fan. Oh, if anybody disagrees with you,
we have that's why you've been listening for 100 years, right?
Because I'm a mean spirit, advanced and won't discuss anything
with anybody who's got anything to say of that of that runner calls
we just had. Who had anything to say? Nobody. Hey, you want to see
if one more caller has something to say? Who's that? I don't
just anybody would test in the phones here. Q.A.M. Hello. Yes.
I just a little bit. Oh, I'm on my way. What do you say? I
couldn't have anything. I don't know. I don't know. I'll try something
again. Oh, Q.A.M. Experiment call. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes.
I would like to say hello to you. Yeah, your phone sounds like
you've got it in your earlobe. I got the sticker on. I'll take
the speaker off. Yes, please. Oh, God. Hello. How's that
much better? Okay. Yeah. What do you got? Right here. You're
talking to him. I just want to say hello to Neil. I want to thank
him. Let me ask you again. Why are you talking to me in the
third person when you know I keep telling you you're talking to
Neil. Okay. Why do you keep talking in the third person?
Yes. I'm wondering who agrees with me about all
fiction. I thought that will be shocked. Yes, you're right. Okay. See,
there was somebody who agreed with me. I still hung up on him. You
see how you are. That's right. I'm just just a
comment. It's a big dog. Joe Rose weekday morning seven
at 10 sports radio five sixty QAM. The sports here and don't
put it stuck. All right. Yeah. Thank you very much. As
here is the king. I don't have him in a row much for a while,
but I want you all to know that up here in Rock and Roll
Heaven. I'll be thinking of you. This Christmas. And I'd
like to give you all a special Christmas message. A message
of peace. Like how about a little piece of that title by
Frankie. I got a mark. The lock a whole shame. Christmas is a
time of who time of joy. A time for 11. And I sure would love
to take slides that feature you got there. Okay. What more? No,
where are we going? Oh, yeah, Christmas. Christmas to me means
family. Family means friends. The friends means getting
together and getting together means eating. Oh, passing that
Wednesday. Which please. Well, Frankie. I'm going to be right
now. You know, maybe a big star. Maybe too big. But ain't
nobody so big. You can't reach out. I help in a hand. Helping
a hand. Oh, yeah. Hand me a helping over my data is over there.
What do you believe? Frankie. I got my. Now I was showing
them. Ain't nobody so big. He can't stoop to help a friend of
neat over the holiday season. Speaking of season, you won't
pass me that soft sugar when you get the chance. Like it. Yeah,
just just unscrew the cover. That's like it. I go more. So
this Christmas, why don't you all take a tip from old A.O.s.
Bala, leave those steak tips right where they are. You know what I
mean? No, I appreciate it. Thank you. I want you to remember
for all part of God's great big family. You know, God made
man into his own image. And look in the mirror. I'd have say
God must be a big, big center. You know what I mean? I like you
dear, but I especially want you all to remember this one last
thing. You know, all the homeless Christmas stringing that pop
coin up on the tree. Save a big big bowl for the can extra
butter. No, I mean, I like you dear. I can. I remember.
1947 to QA. I'm known as a real festival of great call
there that we just had sure was now they're all going to sound
like that from now on. I'm talking. Well, we would like to do
some more spirit. So we got to find out. Oh, we'll take
another bunch of calls here. We were experimenting. Yeah,
because they've got the new house hook up here. So they can
both Chris out there. And we're not done tweak it either. So
that's obvious because the technical quality of those calls,
of course, the substance was sensational, especially my
close personal friend, a fan. You can always tell a fan when
they start screaming and hollering it. Oh, anybody just agrees
with you? You go away. That's all I ever asked on the emails.
That's all I ask in life. Go away. Okay. You live your life.
I'll live mine. It'll be just fine. It's a radio show. Oh,
you're right. I have no right to tell you about that. And then
like the next day, he'd come back again with the same
swill all over again. Obviously, a demented soul. I have no
life. I have no life. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon
AT&T wireless line. We're checking out the new phone hookup so
they can blow Chris out and save a few bucks on the show. How many
bucks? 30 bucks a week. WQ AM Hello. Hi Neil.
Cat fell Q a.m. Hello. Q a.m. How's the experiment going so
far? Good. Q a.m. Hello. Yes, I'm for Neil speaking.
I don't know. Okay. Did you read the papers? But Bush.
I was a shoe. I don't know. In Iran. Well, he was.
No. Yeah, he'd like and got a bad headache too. Okay.
It wasn't about my kids and oh my God. Oh my God. Why are you
doing this to me? I hate you. I'm going to start putting my
woodbine clothes on here in the next break. This is an active
incivility is what it is. Hostility. Oh, we got to test out
the phone. Okay. That's right. Q a.m. Hello. Hola. Hey. Yeah.
That's funny. The guy before me brought up the same thing. I
thought it was I thought it was humorous to see Bush dodge and
shoes. Yeah. Yeah. They've only shown it about 6,000 times.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty good reflexes. I have to get
in that. But I called death a lot this morning because he was
talking about it. And I pointed out that you know, they actually
investigated this guy and all the things that we think he's done and
probably has a shoe would be nothing to what he deserves. Yeah. I'm
sure I'm sure you'd miss a syphilis didn't like that. No. He hated it.
He thought I was a crackpot. But believe me, I mean, if the guy didn't
I don't think you're a crackpot. I just think you're a chronic caller.
He called Jimmy syphilis this morning. And now calls me to repeat the same
crap. I don't care about the shoes. I don't care about W. He's
only got a few days left and goodbye to him.
Koma inducing ponderous. But we're doing a technical experiment here on
here. Right. How long does this experiment go till two?
Yes. No, no. That feedback and stuff that we're getting. We don't know if that's
just because sometimes you get that just anyway. But we don't know how
Q.A.M. Hello. Can we get rid of George and WQ.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M. Hola. Hello.
Go on by a phone. Okay. Then call us back via real phone instead of the
or Campbell soup cans. WQ.A.M. Hello.
Now what was that? Three. No, that was astonishing. But it just
vanished all by itself. Right. Yeah. WQ.A.M. Hello.
Hola. Hello. Yes. Yes. That uh, rebate in full
fiction. They got that from a we call repo man. That when they open up a
Toronto of a car at the same light child. No, there was aliens in the trunk.
Ali on was in the trunk. Ali on. Let me ask you something. It must be the phone being
all screwed up because I'm out. We're thinking it was the colors, but it's not. It sounds like it's
the phones. It sounds like the wind is what that is. That must be really good with our great signal.
What? That has that's what we've determined so far is that there there still needs to be some tweaking.
Tweaking. Talk about an understatement tweaking. My ass needs to be an H bomb and at the
piece of equipment, whatever. Air V call starts off like that. And I'm thinking it's like bad
phone technique or something like that. Got their phone in there. Right.
Which a lot of them might just as well be. But no. It's like Q.A.M. noise. Well, I tell you,
the engineering department great job in this case. Great job. Unbeatable.
WQ. I am hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I was wondering when you're going to come down and do your
golf stream with Karen's this winter. This winter? Well, it's winter. I'm not. You're going to stay
up in Canada and freeze your cove. Who needs on? Yeah. I'm not freezing. I'm a nice and toasty in here.
So why are why aren't you going to come down and do the golf stream with Karen's? I'll maybe
I'll do it next summer. I don't know. Did you read jikers column Sunday about calder? No.
They canceled their last two. Stakes races because of the poor economy.
How lame is that? Lame. Very lame. Yeah. Well, I hope to see you when you come down.
Okay. Great. Well, hold your breath. Okay. We'll let you know. Obviously this guy. I have no life.
Is waiting? He's got a well, when you come to hug, you're going to stay up there or freeze your ass.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do. How do you like that? And then the phones are the same,
just like we've always said, same as the emails. Tell me how to live my life when to go here,
where to do there? How I call it? Disagree with anybody who works disagrees with me. I hang up
on them. Yada, yada, yada. A fan. My ass. I think a fan and the jerk who's supposedly in the
Philippines. What's his name? Not Nick Nolte. I think that's the same person. Got to be.
There can't possibly be two people so tragically obsessed. Obsessed.
Oh, I'll go away now. I'm going to go live my life in the Philippines with my beautiful girl.
I'm like, okay, great. And every now and then you look at the deleted stuff. There he is again.
Same as this. Jackass. On and on. One thing to listen to a show and enjoy it or hate it or whatever
you feel about it. But it's another thing that that's your life, you know? I have no life. It's not
even my life and I do the show. If this show was my life, I'd blow my brains out. Good. God.
So there's all kinds of feedback inside the phone line and the, it's all screwed up. Right.
WQAM. Hello. How's it going in Canada? How's weather?
A WQAM. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Just wanted to tell you, man, you are truly the
Grinch. You are, man. I saw that movie the other day, dude. And for some reason, I just couldn't
get you out of my mind. I'm not. Yeah, I know why you can't get me out of my mind, but that's
another story out of your mind. Out of your mind. You said yours. No, I said you're out of your mind.
WQAM. Hello. QAM.
Breathing line. WQAM. Hello.
Hola. Hello, Neil. Yes. Boy, that ring right through it. I knew it didn't ring or anything like that.
What do you mean by that? He just picked me up cold. No, I've been damned. So anyway, two things. One,
I'd rather have the harness races. You broadcast them again, then get these supercars. One,
included. Get three tickets for Palm Pino for me.
Wow. You know who that is? That's not Nick Dolti. That's who that is. Really? Oh, yeah. Guaranteed.
Guaranteed. Do you know anybody else in the audience who cares about harness racing? No.
Oh, here's one that says I'm laughing over here. A fake fan. Thanks you old bastard. Fake fan.
Well, good. I'm a funny old bastard. As opposed to dirty old bastard. Let's get dirty on the phone.
Dirty. Column. 155 votes. What's your take on holiday season? Now, what do we have in the first
one? We're not going to get anywhere near a thousand. Are we? Yeah, we can't. We had 807. We got 863. We need
137 to get to no chance. No shot. Well, we're up against it now. Dammit. Sandy Claus.
What's your take on a holiday season? It's okay. 47. I can't wait for it. 246. I love it.
935. I hated 18 WTF. What the F 12?
Oops. See there. You go. I faked you out again, Tubby. Oh, well, probably thought I was going to
screw it up. Didn't you? Of course I did. Well, I was thinking about Andrew, the sales guy, you know.
George can't. George just can't control himself going on and on about what a putz this guy is. Right.
The biggest name is the best talent. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM.
Miami Ford Lauderdale. Hello. This is on. This is not a tumor. It's the one to two hour.
Dex the malls with cards of credit.
Is the season to get in dead?
Add them all with my friend, Darryl.
Oh,
parking. What are
My long lines and browning faces.
Greed us both with verbal disgrace.
Chris was shopping. Sure. No pleasure.
I must resort to drastic measures.
And get out of the way. Get out of the way.
Push the kid and cuss the cashier.
After this, I'll need a cold beer.
Ahhh
Sing it, you little raps.
That will make this entire happen for me.
Get back right now before I shut my butt as far as you can.
I don't know.
Yeah.
Oh, hold it, you too.
Hey, miss, how can that possibly be out of stock?
Don't you people realize there's more than one customer who might want to buy it on special?
Where's the manager?
I'm the manager, you got a problem.
I only wish the happiest of holidays to you and your sir.
Hey, kids, come here, come here, come here.
You'll be saying, okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I gotta get out of here.
Merry Christmas, yeah.
It's gonna be a long drive home.
103 at 560 WQM.
Happy Monday, boy.
It's almost over.
Thank God.
Oh, my goodness.
You and this phone experiment, yours.
It's stock for experiment of mine.
Yeah, yours.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
WQAM, hello.
The following announcement is a new one.
The Joanne phone test.
Joyce Blow, Joe Known, Joyce by Klaus, hail the hallmouse.
If you're seeing this, it's only a cast.
How do you like it so far?
Sounds great.
Let's do more.
No.
Let's not.
What's it gonna accomplish?
You can stop anytime.
We already told staff it's not working.
Yeah.
Hey, staff, it don't work.
It sucks.
It blows.
So I guess this means that the Fed Chris is gonna be hanging on a few more days.
All right.
At least a couple.
Yeah, until they get a pick is still okay.
Till they get the fight gets pick is because this sucks.
In fact, I take back what I said to that one guy and get get the tin can into the string.
Two tin cans in a string.
You could make better radio than this.
Good.
God.
This is a radio station with a phone system that's a piece of turd.
Oh, but we got ways to cut back.
We got a cut back budget cuts.
Yeah, why we just eliminate the phone.
I can't have without it and the transmitter.
That's right.
And the transmitter.
That's your cost to hell of a lot and the tower and the building.
Right.
And the equipment.
Think of how much money we can save.
That's right.
Budget cuts so we can get a need of marks down here.
So Joe can sit there and get all whipped up to a frenzy.
Oh, it's Anita.
Anita, you're such a great.
You know what reminds me of?
It's like the Aaron Summers experiment at IOD.
Same concept.
Oh, she's got a great ass.
Oh, I don't know if she'll do a good show or she's going to be any good on the air,
get any numbers, but she's got a great ass.
Oh, I don't give a nickel about him.
And that was his justification for putting her on the air.
That show sucked.
WQI am.
Hello.
Yeah, how's it going?
OK.
Adam.
Kiss your water.
A bigger pardon?
It's Adam.
Kiss your water.
Oh, well, you get a life already.
I've been Hollywood.
How's it going?
What are you doing in Hollywood?
I got a plate down here.
Oh, well, well, then what the hell do you do here in the wintertime?
I go to the beach.
Mm-hmm.
And then I back at school a lot of little.
Yeah.
I just wanted to say hi and apologies for being...
Chronic.
Chronic.
No, don't apologize for being ugly.
You can't help that.
But apologize for being chronic.
But I'm alright, fine.
No buts.
Alright.
Alright, love you.
See ya.
Oh.
I feel like I'm being stalked 24-7.
The stalker.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe the next call be from the Walker.
I wonder if he ever croaked.
Or the Altacocker.
Oh, well, you can be sure of that.
Oh, yeah.
We haven't heard from him in a long time.
The Nastyle.
The Dow's down 105.
By the way, and Sirius is hanging in there.
14 cents.
Alright.
Katie says I'm interested in harness racing.
But I'm smart enough to know what's a terminally boring subject to most.
All the way with Bucky Day.
Alright, Bucky Day at Rockingham.
Alfred Bucky Day.
He was good.
Green Sucks.
Cash a lot of tickets on Bucky Day.
Let's start harness racing.
Come on.
W-D-Q-A-M. Hello.
Hi, Roll-A-M.
Hello.
Hi, Roll-A-M.
Hello.
Where are you going to always get here?
Hello.
Hi, Roll-A-M.
Hi, Roll-A-M.
Hello, Uncle Ponderous.
Yeah.
You ever have a Bucky?
K-W-A-M, hello.
K-W-A-M.
Yeah.
I don't think you have it for heroes.
The show has no material that is what it is called today.
You know, there's a reason for the show.
Yeah.
So, what are you going to say?
What do you got?
That's what I got for you.
There we go.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Meal, how are you?
Okay.
Meal, why is it...
I don't know how you're so far away, but I heard a pretty good leading.
They keep breaking the chemistry up from the start.
They're the same thing with Josh and...
And every time you get a good nucleus, they want to break it up.
Because they know that people listen to you, but...
Budget cuts, baby.
Budget cuts.
It's unbelievable.
Cold cuts and budget cuts.
That you have out of your car.
They told me.
I beg your pardon?
Did the truth about of your car?
You know, I can't even understand what these people are saying this phone is so bad.
Is it true that you bought a new car?
No, the level is low and I can't understand a damn thing what they're saying.
181 votes on the poll.
If this is what the phones are going to be, this is just another reason not to take any calls.
In spite of your insistence.
Hey, hey, my ass.
I'll go get the pitch for it.
Well, no, you just got to tell me that you don't have to.
What do you mean by that?
Take any calls anymore.
But I want to.
All right, well then, go.
Go what?
I already did go, man.
You go, you go.
Hurricane Geo says not sure if you saw it or heard it only a million times.
Howard's turned to leave serious XM.
Who cares already?
Okay.
I'm so sticking to her to his PR machine.
Oh, Howard picked his nose and Howard farted real bad.
Howard's wife's got diarrhea and Howard, Howard, Howard.
Good.
Good life.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, I'm William Fill and calorie hot wings, please.
QAM, hello.
I'm Shane.
How are you?
QAM, hello.
Benefits.
We will never compete with you.
It's our loyalty to our member attorneys.
How come she sounds so good?
Loyalty they can only compete with you.
You did or not?
We did.
What did you do?
I turned my pot off and gave control back to Chris in there.
Yeah, the original way.
Yeah, and it works just fine.
So in other words, whatever they set up in there, it's not the piece of turd.
It's a big smelly nasty.
I've got my pants on and my shirt.
And during the break I'm going to put on my shoes.
WQAM, hello.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, Neil.
Yeah.
Oh, Neil.
Oh, no.
Oh, Neil.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
I've got a movie recommendation for you that I think you would definitely like.
Have you seen that movie called The Lookout?
No, never heard of it.
You would definitely like it.
It's Intelligent Movie.
I think the young man in the movie might be a type of some of the lookout for it.
But also another thing that fits.
Never fight Jim Skyler that can't be real Christmas.
Never heard of it.
No, the Santa Rios coming to town.
Well, I think it's by Jim Skyler back about 20 years ago.
Okay, I'll dig around.
I think he's thinking about Catholic.
Oh, another thing.
Hello.
Yeah, I'm here.
Okay.
I also want to call you about that.
The Jonas Brothers when you're talking about music.
Yeah.
So I don't know.
You can't remember it.
You might want to check with the out of time local out of timers.
You know, not just be rude or anything, but it seems like you're the time slipping a little.
No, I don't think so.
Oh, maybe not.
But thanks for the critique though of my life.
That's good.
No, no, no, no, no, no, caller email is good without a critique of my life and my brain and my whatever.
Yeah, the Don is slipping.
Do you remember him calling about the Jonas Brothers?
Nope.
Well, I think he must be slipping too.
I think we're all slipping.
Totally slipping away with Clarence Carter.
God.
You're slipping.
You're old.
You're this.
You're female.
Check the Alzheimer's people.
Well, don't you remember my call?
My call?
My email?
That was down 128 points.
Not good.
Not real bad.
Oh, look at this.
Here is one that says your stick is so old, Terry from Batavia.
You just keep inviricing yourself.
Retire already.
No, thanks.
No, thanks.
I got a better idea.
Turn it off, Terry.
And go back to Batavia.
Oh, look at this.
Suggestions for e-mailers to the Nearaju show.
From Cliff and Kendall.
A long list.
Hey, Cliff, find a hobby, OK?
Wow.
I heard you this morning, but don't know if you lost me or whatever.
Sounds like you wanted to use it, but here it again.
No, I don't want to use it.
I didn't.
I put it on there, but the poll is so bad I don't want to use it.
OK, sorry.
Happy holidays.
If I wouldn't have hidden big and a lot of our casinos,
it's boring.
Oh, my God.
Now, Jose, because I blocked Jose, now he became a Sammy.
Sammy, even the e-mailers are crazy.
Have a Clover.
Have the same people.
What do you mean even the e-mails?
Same people.
Right.
Larry says that SNH Greenstaff machine takes too long to build up points.
They have a new monopoly game in King Kong.
At least these machines give plenty of free spins and monies as Larry.
OK, let's talk about the Schloss.
OK, maybe the quarter Schloss guy will call back, but we can only pray not.
And you notice now that we opened the phone, what do we have today?
We had Iran.
We had that pair of misfits, of mental midgets.
We had the boyfriend and the Reverend, and then we had the quarter Schloss guy.
Oh, no, no, you're wrong.
The colors are wonderful.
They make this show.
195 votes on the poll.
What do we need?
You signed the number 192.
We got what?
We need 290, too.
You're a crazy person.
We have what we need to have.
899, we need 101 votes for 1000.
Well, yeah, total.
Oh.
I was doing what we needed for this total poll today.
For what?
10,000.
We needed 292 on the current poll.
So we need 101.
Correct.
Can you handle this?
I'll show you the 98 now.
Well, there we go.
There is a Bush and Blagojevich hand and grain.
In fact, he just brought him a shoes back.
The biggest name.
How do I black hole?
It's no Roger.
435, 64.
I am the fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Yeah, man.
It's Hampton's Port of Heaven's.
Port radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The critics agree.
This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
I've been waiting all the way.
Quiseness.
Just what the work I used to know.
Yes, Candlewax music presents Elmer Funds, Christmas classics.
And this 24-record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to ride in a one-horse open sway.
Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by Americans.
Most beloved hunter of rabbits.
The dog, the wedd knows Wayne Deer.
Have a very signing nose.
And if you ever saw it, you would even say it was.
Elmer Funds, Christmas classics, not available in stores.
And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I shall hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll-free.
1-800-but, operators are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
1-19 at 560 W.H. I'm thinking back to Cliff from Candle.
Who is a regular?
And his list of instructions for what people should do when they send the emails?
Okay.
That's what we like making a list of things people ought to do when they call a talk show, especially this one.
Yeah.
As if.
As if.
Well, you should write such a list.
Well-intended, Cliff, but a little live.
Oh, yeah, right.
Well-intended.
And Terry from Batavia, by the way, is also, you know, you made a good point back when we started the emails?
Yeah.
And I think except for the birth, the gigantic rash of emails we had then.
Except for that, 95% of all the other stuff that comes in is like the same, oh, eight or ten people.
Right.
And, right?
I believe that it's a lot of those people are people that you have banned whose voice you recognize.
You know, who make up a generic name.
Oh, this guy, a fan that called me before.
I mean, you could knock me over with the feather dust or the fact that this guy can't control himself.
And his whole stick is, you know, for me.
And yet, oh, I love the show.
And I've been listening for a million years.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
I'm so sorry for being.
And it, you know, there's a lot of unbalanced people out there.
If he doesn't like anything I do on a show, go away.
I don't need enlightening.
No, no, no, no.
I'm going to keep going back to that restaurant and ordering that food.
I don't like.
And then this Terry, the references to Batavia against the same thing with the harness racing.
This is not Nick Norfie, who's the same as a fan.
And like you said, they're like maybe one person doing like about 20 different stick lost right.
Right.
Which is pretty said commentary by the way.
It is.
Michael says, I'm not a chronic, but I've listened to you since the days of four quarter.
I have a, that grand uni grocery stores in the oyster house.
Lums and so on.
You say the people in Toronto are friendlier than down here in Miami.
And I can believe that.
Although I remember a friendlier in civilized Miami back in the 60s and 70s.
It was a simpler time.
I'll soon be retired from the MDPD.
What is that?
Lighty Beach Police Department.
It said MD, maybe it's a miss the typo.
I've seen it all.
I've moved to a location to enjoy the change of seasons.
Not as cold as Toronto, a slower place to life.
Maybe some mountains, some nicer people.
Yeah, you can move in with Georgia and earth, Carolina.
Sure.
Lots of room.
My son and I met you several years ago when you were considered doing the prints in
Sunnyland where pinecrest is now.
You sign the autograph card.
Get cereal.
A sud sign is card.
Don't be a butt hit.
My son died in the car accident earlier this year and I like, like me, he did listen to you as well.
Your show is great and I do listen one time from it.
Georgia does humans work when you're away.
Take care.
Thanks, Mike.
And very sorry to hear about your son.
Two hundred and twelve votes.
You know, they made a big deal.
I'm not saying they shouldn't.
I mean, didn't Dan Marino's dad just pass away here a couple weeks ago?
And, you know, and our great quarterback on the Patriots, so his dad just died a few days ago too.
But nevertheless, I'm thinking to myself, other people's dads die too, you know.
Not just famous people.
I'm not talking about Danny Boyle or Matt Castle, but nevertheless.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said.
I don't know.
WQA Am, hello.
I'm your friend.
I've always here for you.
And I'm sick and I got the flu and I got landchised.
And I watched that.
Who that is?
That's the bitch.
That's the sweat hog.
Uh-huh.
That greasy nasty...
Greasy Harry scummy, slimy piece of turd, pulled out from underneath the dumpsters one day.
But then again, who else would confedulate those two?
And then she shows up with the retarded one.
I'm your friend.
He shows up with him at the ghost of appearance.
Oh, I hope he doesn't hate us.
Yeah, we do hate you like poison.
And we wish horrible evil things would happen to all of you.
We wish that maggots would come pouring out of the ceiling and infest every pore of your body, although I think they'd be this to it.
Well, there's the shoes again on CNN.
How many thousand times...
About 30 men.
...have shown that today.
30,000 times.
And I think I've seen about half of it.
Insulting the president.
Well, nothing anybody could do or say would be insulting to him.
Enough.
So I think what we've done is we've narrowed it down to a very precious view on the emails and also...
Like all the radio ones are like one or two people.
Yeah.
Fakeberry Jackass and the fake Alice Rantel and the fake Greg Budeau.
All radio people with no life.
I have no life.
And probably pretty soon with no job.
WQAM, hello.
It's me, BoJack.
I'm...
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Constantine Paisein, Hanako Ai.
And there's another guy who thinks that he's most amusing.
Mm-hmm.
The singer.
Yeah, opera man.
Is that him, the opera man?
That's what I've been calling him.
That'd be great if he called up with some new material.
It's always about constipation.
I said, you know, come up with some new songs and, you know...
Well, maybe he's got a constipated mind.
212 votes on the pool.
We got 708 and 212 is 920.
We need 80 votes in 36 minutes.
No chance.
Wasn't our goal like 950?
I think that's...
I think so, yeah.
Pretty sure that's what we say.
950.
70QAM, hello.
Yeah, one's a big question.
I don't know.
QYAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
OK.
Hey, do you see on the world news last week
what the latest gift is for Christmas that people are doing?
No.
They have in the mall now tattoo-pullers.
I mean, remember?
Oh.
Remember the day the only people that got tattoos were sociopaths,
misfits and losers, you know?
Yes.
And it's the dumbing down of America as far as I'm concerned.
People can't verbalize what they have to say, like down here,
so they have to paint themselves and that's the only way they can...
That's the only way I can think of to describe it as gross,
especially people that got like covered with tattoos.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know how one George was born, but anybody after 1965,
the very limited vocabulary.
I don't know what it was.
Maybe they stopped delivering papers twice a day back around then.
No, they don't have no papers, no more.
Yeah, I know.
It's ridiculous.
All right, Neil.
Stay in touch, all right?
See you at the parlor.
Bye-bye.
Not tattoo, massage parlor.
Oh.
216 on the pole.
What are we going for?
We're going for whatever we get.
Yep.
And I'm telling you, this was a good test though,
and it seems to me that you've straightened the problem out.
Yeah, for the back of the original way.
That means we got to keep Chris.
All right.
WQAM, hello.
I'm throwing my shoes up.
QAM, hello.
Oh, speaking of shoes, he must be second.
Got my shoes on.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Neil.
Yes.
Oh, yeah, that way.
WQAM, hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Good afternoon, sir.
There are some normal callers.
I just call to wish you and towards and everybody that works there.
Happy and healthy new year.
No religious overtones, even though you're a Jew and I'm a Jew and the Georgia's a Jew and George gets high too much.
But happy new year.
Okay, Zagazoon.
Let me ask you something.
Why don't they wait for the reply?
You know what I mean?
In other words, it's not so fun.
It isn't?
No.
Why can't they wait for a response?
Like a coxahoy, like that.
Something.
Any of the best talents?
You don't have any new projects.
Sport, radio, fire.
That's right.
That would be a conversation, sorry.
Fourth leader.
So, what's your name?
The best talent.
It's a D.A. show.
Weak nights for me to win a M.
Here on.
Sport, radio, 5.62 A.M.
The sports.
Here.
Oh.
You know, in D.A.Y.S.U.D.K.S.
I'll heard of Rudolph and his shiny nose.
And we all know Frosty, who's made out of snow.
But all of those stories seem kind of gay.
Because we all know who brightens up our holiday.
Gay.
Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
Small and brown, he comes from new.
Sit on the toilet, there he comes.
Squeezing between your festive buns.
A present from down below.
Spreading joy with a holiday.
He's seen the love inside of you.
Because he's a piece of food.
Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny.
He can be brown or green as brown.
But if you eat fiber on Christmas Eve,
he might come to your town.
Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
He loves me, I love you.
Therefore, by Karestley, he loves you.
I can make him Mr. Hanking too.
Well, Kyle, where is he?
He's coming.
Come on, just play.
I'm trying.
The way I can see it here.
Here he comes.
And I love you, home.
I'm Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
Squeezing, squeezing to our love you.
Next hang some time, down to our play.
Now before I'm out of waste.
He's came, I like to play.
Stick me in your mouth and try to say.
Howdy, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Christmas time is good.
Sometimes he's ready.
Sometimes he's firm.
Sometimes he's practically water.
Sometimes he hangs up the end of your ass
and won't fall in the toilet.
Because he's just clinging to your spink,
and he won't drop up and say,
shake your ass around,
and try to get to drop in the toilet and find your doors.
Mr. Hanking, Christmas Pooh.
Christmas leaves, they must leave too.
Christmas sound, but he's never gone.
He's smell and is there in late or gone?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
133 at 560 WDQ, I'm the big O2.
Rock solid, sociopaths, misfits.
That's what we get mostly.
All the time.
And especially around the holidays,
as opposed to, you know, people who are like sending you,
sending a little bit of love, you know?
It's a second chance it loves.
It's another chance it loves.
Now, have you seen that show or not?
You're asking me?
I'm praying that I never have to be exposed to that show again.
We talked about it.
I gave it a shot for five minutes and it's a...
I gave it a shot.
I was hoping for something that I didn't see it,
and I moved right along.
It's Terry in Betavia, and your show is old and boring.
We're tired.
We're tired.
Terry, who's also another half-dozed, other misfits.
Like I told you, I did predict this in the beginning
when there's total anonymity like the emails as opposed to the calls.
The calls we know the voices, within two seconds, you know, who it is.
The singer who thinks he's very funny,
who ought to be ashamed of himself, who's an idiot.
And the other half doesn't.
And now we got a fan calling, a fan, a.k.a.
Not Nick Nolte, a.k.a. Terry from Betavia, a.k.a.
Whatever else?
Miss Fitt.
Larry says, now Larry's a very emotional guy.
Long email.
Wish there was no Christmas or Hanukkah outside of houses of worship.
They've become anything but religious observances
granted Hanukkah never was.
The worst aspect of this time in the year is on the kids really,
if you celebrate Christmas, then the kids whine about needing this toy
or that Xbox, etc.
And if the parents can't afford it or find it,
then somehow they fail this parents.
It makes kids believe in Santa Claus.
If Santa was real, then who should their parents kill?
Sometimes literally to buy some toy the kids will ignore
and hour after unwrapping it.
Parents don't make any effort in dispelling this belief.
If the holidays about goodwill among men and peace and all of that,
then I'd like to, I'd like one of the key Christmas,
what can I read it?
It's chopped off.
Keep Christian Christmas hawkers to explain to my nine-year-old
who's Jewish and struggles every year with why he doesn't get a Christmas
to your Christmas presence.
Why his class makes fun of him for not celebrating Christmas
and celebrating Hanukkah.
At his school, one door is covered with Christmas decorations.
One door is covered with Hanukkah ones.
And of course, as a result, one kid's got labeled one door the Christian door,
the other the Jewish door.
And of course, Jim Lois got one labeled as
the green door.
If you're Jewish then you can't go out to the Christian door, etc.
The teacher did nothing about the thing I mentioned to her.
I can't read the last part.
It's chopped off.
Something you'll help me with that chopped off thing.
All the spirit with it.
My son said he went through any door he felt like.
I thought this was because he wouldn't do what his other kid said
like most of the classmates and thought this was good.
But it turned out he went through the Christian door
because he didn't want to feel different.
Is that the spirit of the holidays?
Yes, Larry, it is.
It's a go-insure belt.
47 years ago when I was three, a friend of my mother's
put me in line for a Santa Claus at the old Howard Johnson's
in 12 corners.
This enriches your no less.
Probably right by Rolls-Drugs where I used to buy my baseball cards
and where I used to get my hair cut at whatever the hair cut place was.
Apparently the mistaken belief that my mother wouldn't care.
Apparently I caused quite a ruckus and caused the rest of the kids in line to cry
and the mother used to get mad at me and my mother when it was my turn to talk to Santa I yelled,
I don't believe in Santa Claus you're not real.
I never had that problem that my son experiences every year.
Christmas if it is possible is so pervasive in a negative way
with all the commercials and black Friday concerns and holiday specials and songs on the radio
much more than when I was his age.
And what's made it worse that my wife who used to celebrate Christmas as a kid
wants to do it again with the tree and all.
Now I find myself trying to help my son feel better about himself
and not doing Christmas without my wife's help since she gets lost in her own melancholy and nostalgia.
I'll be quite happy when this festive holiday season is over
and done with.
Amen Larry.
Get with it.
Two boy.
Oh brother.
Gotta put a stocking on the fireplace.
I'm gonna have a fireplace so I got no place to hang my stock.
Just hang Santa instead.
Or just hang some of the chronics.
By the way I noticed that the outlook expresses dead.
Done finished.
No emails.
That's something.
Yep.
After we finally discovered there's about six people sending all the emails.
I guess those six people got like oh jeez well.
I don't know what they got.
Hopefully syphilis or something good like that.
Okay well since we got such a really good start on the calls now that we got the phone system all straightened out again.
See we can't do this show without Chris.
If they could find a way to do it they would just automate it.
That's how cheap they are.
Even the Dutchmen aren't this cheap and that's saying a lot.
Well that's how we do it nights.
What?
Automation?
On ESPN?
Yep.
There's nobody running the board.
Look at the schedule.
And what if the signal drops out?
Oh well.
Yeah.
Too bad.
WQAM hello.
I have an A to Santa.
QAM hello.
Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes.
This is Matt Tilda.
I do Larry to get his kid a straight-o and move to Bar Harbor.
And he won't have any problems.
Cox a hoist.
Cox a hoist.
Schmickle.
Antisemite.
Bigoted.
Bastard.
Et cetera.
But happy holidays to you though.
See what I mean about goodwill on peace on earth and all this.
Oh here's one from the fake George Cortis.
If George would give up his 3% raise in 2009, WQAM would not need to kick back Chris off the show.
Selfish-epping bastard.
High-branded says Josh.
The fake Josh Cortis.
How do you like that?
You thought that's your friend Josh and he's calling you a selfish bastard.
What do you know?
If the FCC under Obama lets up, will Beasley do the same?
Well what?
What's Obama going to do about it?
He's not going to make the FCC let up.
No politician is going to be for a smut you know.
When does greed kick in?
The funnier you are, the more money they make.
No.
Here's looking to a more hilarious new year.
Thanks Neil you old SOB.
Oh these people are just hysterical.
Don't knock yourselves out okay.
We got lots and lots of calls coming in.
There aren't any good ones.
We have lots of calls.
We don't need these bad emails.
I never dreamed I'd see the day when it calls were like better than the emails.
Vance.
We.
The Vance.
You're just monologist.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The.
Fourth leader.
The Vance.
The best talent.
It's the big O.
Orlando Elzo Gary.
Afternoon.
To the fourth.
Sport Radio 560.
QAM.
The.
Sport.
I want to bang you in the butt honey.
And all.
Another additional.
What?
Here.
Today.
What if Janice Joplin were an Avaan lady?
Just a minute.
Yes, may I help you?
Avaan.
You can't just leave the way.
Oh, I'll be my neighbor.
The way.
The way.
The way.
The way.
Sing along, call, call, call.
Ahhh.
Julien Stallone.
To find out what would happen if Nancy Reagan lost weight.
This bulletin just did.
It appears that the first lady has disappeared.
The way.
I got my shoes on.
maybe my shoes, my shirt, my pantaloonies, I got it all on. I'm all ready to go. Yeah,
getting that hopping at Veta to a clock in Zool. And get away from these wonderful friendly people.
Boy, you talk about the holiday spirit and reverse nasty, hostile, nasty, these folks, you know what?
Yep. It's the South Florida thing. Oh, but you're the freezing you ass off up there in Toronto.
That's right. You know something and I'm enjoying every second of it. Here's the sirens.
Yeah. No sirens are coming for anybody who thinks that going to the warm weather will make you happy.
Misurable, hostile, unhappy people who want to share their misery with you. That's what South Florida is all about.
Well, at least they're sharing. Yeah, that's right. They're sharing for the holiday season in a restaurant.
They're sharing that. That's what they share. No charge.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon AT&T wireless line.
Emails have just dried right up since we outed those five people who sent all emails.
So say it's the same 10 people here and T and by the way, Tubby, we wanted 950. You got it.
708 and 251 is what? 959 59. We did it and with a big push earlier. We made it to now.
962. How do you like that? If we'd read it, push it earlier, but now what we don't care.
We don't really care. Do we? No. We'll make you wait and hello. Hello? Yes, sir.
Neil. Yeah. Yeah. I just want to say that that that air reporter guy who's throwing those two
shoes at bush, whatever. Yeah. That was stupid. He should have used a freaking bomb instead. I know
we got plenty of them in Iraq. Should have. Or at least in AK 47. I know I know we got plenty of
those over there. Just should have shot him and killed them. Freaking two shoes.
Okay, I dumped that because the last thing I was wondering why he left them on as long as he did.
Well, because I knew that eventually you know, we got 80 second delay because he's dumb. That's why.
I mean, I thought I disagree with the premise of what he said. He's just dumb. 567, 0560.
If there anybody out there would IQ larger than their shoe size, huh?
I think my shoe size would not come right down to what is. Yeah. For those people with no lives who
writing a book about my life. Oh, Neil, did be so much happier if you did this and you did that.
That was actually funny. The fact that Nick not Nick Nolte and A fan and Terry from
Betavia all were here to get at the same time and the same body. And just absolutely upset with
me. Oh, you're out. Yeah, but they won't go away. Just go away. That's all. Have a wonderful life
all the way. I don't think you will. But just go away. WQA M Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Pally? Okay.
The reason why he threw those shoes that President Bush was because of the two souls left there
get believed in democracy. QA M Hello.
WQA M Hello. Nothing like people trying to intellectualize some active hostility. Yeah,
the guy was sending a message. That's the, uh, that's what they say is the most hostile thing you
can do. Oh, now, what is this? Do you, or did you happen to see over the weekend? Where one of the
folks who got taken by Bernard, what? Mad Oves Ponzi scheme. Do you want to think about that?
Was none of the Norman Bremen? Amy, Mr. Bremen should have been paying more attention to what was in
his stockporde photo than the Marlins efforts to get to ballpark. I'm off to Norman Bremen. Sorry.
Wasting tasks, especially we're in a freaking depression and we need a ballpark for the Marlins
that nobody cares about. Anybody go to the Marlins? Anybody go into the heat this season? No.
No. How about the Panthers? Any interest there? No. They want a whole bunch of games here lately? No.
Let's build a whole bunch more stadiums. Okay. They keep knocking Norman Bremen.
But nevertheless, that's the kind of crap we get. Pure unadulterated crapola.
WDQIM, hello. I need a damn. You need a help. You need real help. QIM, hello.
No, we feel your pain. Yeah, feel this. WDQIM, hello. Hey, Neil.
Listen, aren't you guys always saying that you get pissed at people when they try to change
your station or try to change your show and you tell them, you know, if you don't like it,
don't listen to it. That is correct. Yes. Okay. So how come everybody's all been out of shape
about Christmas, man? You don't like it. You don't want to celebrate it. Guess what, man?
Don't get a Christmas tree. Don't watch the Charlie Brown special.
I see a little bit of difference. Okay. You got a whole bunch of radio stations and music and
stuff you can listen to. Christmas is shoved in our face and you know that. Well, it is. It's
bastards like you. Inconsider it. Inconsider it. Incensative bastards. Brainwashed bastards like
you who shoved Christmas and everybody's face when we wanted to not. Well, great. Okay, then stay
inside and we'll let you know when you can go out. You're an asshole, man. Oh, see that? How do you
like that? That's what your friends? Yeah, he wants to be my friend. I'm your friend. You're
the A-hole man. You're the real serious. Oh, Barry McCockner, the real one says, I'm the sixth person.
Okay, Barry. Now Barry actually usually is pretty good. You know, Barry McCockner.
Let me say it again. Quit proselytizing. Quit using the religion as an excuse to beat people
over the head with it. That's right. What? That's what it's all about. I'm going to come after you
with a menorah if you don't watch it. Okay. Cana Hora, let's go get him with a menorah.
W-Q-A-M. Hello. Cana is real. Q-A-M. Hello. Very controversial ship today. Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello. I'm a black man and not a- Yes, sure you are. Q-A-M. Hello. I said have a nice day.
Yeah. Till again. Very controversial show.
Hello? Hello? Can you hear me?
I'd like to go ahead and get a menorah. Q-A-M. Hello.
Hello. Yes. Oh, the cigar store is a few stores up on 71st and Collins always has to show on
every time I go in here. Really? Yeah, they have a lot of good stuff there. Good
good pornography, good cigars. I mean, you're talking about what's his name, Captain Singh?
Yeah, they're very nice people, yeah. Yes. I have a good day, Neil. Okay.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, my God, oh, my effing God.
Well, at least he wasn't hostile anyway. Yeah, you better celebrate our Christmas,
so we're going to stick here a Jewish and an oven again and blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, right.
Not that we're trying to force it down your throat or anything like that. There was nothing like
going to assembly when I was in high school and having the Lord's prayer and everybody had like,
you know, lower their head and in Jesus name and I'm thinking, what, why am I mumbling in Jesus
name? Yeah, well, that's it. I get for killing Jesus. That Yoschke, he ain't nothing to me, you know.
That Yoschke. Jesus 68. Well, we really, we didn't number here today. It came on strong at the end.
708 and 268 is 9 76. Oh, brother. To come so close and fall so far. I was short. What? I don't know.
We'll blame it on the show. Show. Show. Far. Yeah. Show. Far. Yeah. A throne. Thank you. So both
of these guys for inspiring me to take 100. Did we have any like real call like anybody went
anything to say today? One. No. One? How about a fan? You don't count him? No. He was like really
psychotic. Oh, you know, anybody just agrees with you. Hang up on the bar and I have no life.
No kidding. I have no. I have no logic. I have no logic. I have no logic.
The fourth lead. The biggest name. The best talent. It's a big dog. Joe Rose.
We're South Florida sports always matters. Sports right here. 560 QAM. The sports leader.
It's day. Oh, by any town. At 560 WQ.
So
Wei Fiona Siamese
Nine
Lizzie
Ben
Pline
She was that
There
Jesus, take it Jesus, baby, man.
Jesus, take it Jesus, baby, man.
And He will not die.
And He will not die.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest names of the best Caliph and your hold for Miami Dolphins would fall.
Oh my God.
3DO560 WQAM.
Miami, Lord Latter-dale.
I'm tired of it.
Bye, bye.
