New person?
Big Bacon Architecture.
Just want to hear my Wednesday baby.
You're doing it.
Comparaley.
It shows respect.
Noooo this video features a missile and a rear load.
You're listening to sports radio 5.60 WQA-M,
My Miami Sports Lauder Day.
Because of its size The English Independence sent to central
environments Like4560 WQA-M,
60 in date and Howard in other counties called toll free 877785 Neil or pound 560
on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones the opinions expressed by Neil is
yes more his colleagues do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors
now the Neil Roger Hill on 560 WQAM
Neil God
Bullwinkle J Moose he conquered television he conquered movies well sort of
and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal it's bullwinkle sings
Aussie
yes America's favorite news pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV
dad Ozzy Osborne in bullwinkle sings Aussie featuring such
antler banging classic says
warmoses
game will gather in their mess
just like which is that like Matthew
hmm but today's all my big dictionary
classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon
you get bullwinkle sings Aussie if songs it equals you to hear like
time to taste and time to taste if I come but I hate the day
lucky I'm coming home and you want to come home with this CD it's bullwinkle sings
Aussie
a coin of the mails on a crazy train
hmm is it on a label
best of all you don't need a firm it's a hunt down this collection make a
boost call to your local record store and pick up a copy today
10.0.2.5 60 WQM happy Wednesday to this is a defining day on a show in my life
and on this so whatever your comments radio station but it's not a radio station
you're coming to the closet you're gonna bet to the world that you're a closet
hero now I'm going to be I'm going back in a closet
no I'm shutting the phone off again only this one
how many times have I done this
credit
at least 30,000 times that keeps every time I do what I say never again this is the last call I'm taking on this show
I'm reaching over shutting off that monitor so I can't even see ring them all all you want
I don't know but they like to do what they want to try that if this is anybody's idea
the last seven days and I gave it a shot screenless screened on screened
the old college screened in like a pool I mean everything
it's done it's over that part of talk radio and I don't want to start into that thing with you again
but it's all over with there's no such thing especially on this radio station of sitting down
and people calling in having some of the say oh if you're building a pool or if you have some stupid-ass question
yeah then they'll call in or if you make a mistake
I was speaking to make the mistake by the way nice job by that jackass yesterday
it wasn't a mistake he's just starting crap
he didn't even know Bill Bella checks name even George knows that
on the front page of the Boston hero today is an apology
it says on February 2nd 2008 the Boston hero reported that a member of the New England Patriots video staff
taped to St. Louis Rams walk through on the day before Super Bowl 36
while the Boston hero based its February 2nd report on sources that it believed to be credible
we now know this report was false and that no tape of the walk through ever existed
prior to the publication of its article the Boston hero video possessed no view to tape of the Rams walk through before Super Bowl 36
nor did we speak to anyone who had we should not have published the allegation in the absence of former verification
the Boston hero regrets the damage done to the team by publication of the allegations and certainly apologizes to its readers
and the New England Patriots team owners players employees and fans for our error
uh... front page of today's Boston hero
and there are no suspension of bill check and there's no more action to be taken by the league
or any other crap this guy to call you know bill by the next day is going to sign up just make a bunch of crap up and call in and put it on the air
sure that just make up a bunch of crap because crap is what we get on the phone
I'm going to tell you if all South Florida was represented by the people who call me shows
that would be so that right there would be reason for a massive actuation
both kinds
and of course the management of the station in a company that owns it they couldn't give a fly and
leave less especially for my cost a little bit of money to put some equipment into block calls we can't even do that we don't
even have the technology to do it because it cost money
right
but at least they're consistent they are from the very beginning and especially in the years of jolly joe
fat ass jolly joe your close personal friend they won't lift a finger they might give you the finger but that's about all they'll do
they will have the finger to give you any kind of assistance or do anything to support what they got on the air which is supposedly their meal ticket
that's what brings the money in allegedly but nevertheless don't confuse them with the facts
and if I sound disgusted and just nauseated with them the answer is yes I am and they deserve it
they deserve to be nauseated
here's the proof yesterday real or fictional who was your childhood hero
935 vote what do you mean from yesterday it was still on there
yeah 940 once we get to a thousand I don't know if I want to flip over the other one that's on here
what what what is it oh it's horrible if I was doing the job I'm doing now what would I add that that's just
yeah we've done worse you like that one okay I didn't say I like that we've done worse yeah it's
well we've done that as we've done your favorite sandwich filling thanks to Charlie be that that's the lean corn beef
anyway here's what we got so far real or fictional who is your childhood hero and of course it's interesting that's the top two
weren't even on the list from your your knucklehead friend there Sean from Hollywood
huh with this Freddie Patek oh still a G that is why I still don't know who that is
Freddie Patek who neither does anybody else real or fictional your childhood hero superman 128 how could anybody be that idiotic
leave that off of there Sean Batman 74 John Kennedy 71 JFK Mickey Mantle 67 which also was left off and I
put it on there how do you like that remember that yep late edition nice go on Mick Jacques Cousteau 60 where
Rogers 47 Spider-Man 46 Luke Skywalker 39 Chris is real unhappy about that really wow he
he's over Han Solo because he's the Jedi man he's a whoo I agree but he's a guy who's
a camel and that's what it's all about it's got nothing to do with the character it's not it's the
character no it's not you said before the show you said you hate Mark Hamill like poison I wish you
would die a wicked death don't you almost did he got in a right I don't know what you were
at what I don't know what you were listening I was listening to you Rambo on it you don't have
the balls though I mean what he and I hate Anakin Skywalker as a kid and I hate you said you hate
Mark Hamill I didn't say anything about Mark Hamill Skipper Chef zinc 32 another late edition also
another late edition of Roberto Clemente 26 Atticus Vince 26 don't ask me why speed racer 24
orably mage 24 0 20 Han Solo 18 look at the way it spelled on there Han Solo is that right H.A.S. Solo oh
Sky King 18 rides I don't think I ever saw it in print before well who cares Sky King 18 rides
Sterling 18 Robin Hood 17 Mr. Wizard down Herbert 16 Shylock Holmes 15 Martin Luther King 15 Wonder Woman 14
what about the Bionic woman oh she's coming up ABC's got the Bionic woman
Lauren Ha she just fabulous remember that she went spastic on there green horned 14 flash
Gordon 14 Bionic woman 11 Teddy Roosevelt 10 oh come on nobody put FDR on here but Teddy Roosevelt 10
Prince planet 8 Billy if chilly Billy Cardilly 8 Cardio I don't know who that is still
some actor some BS actor from Pittsburgh again another one of those Pittsburgh things that see
because Sean from Hollywood's from Pittsburgh or grew up there or whatever he thinks the whole world
circles him on that crap nobody knows who that is although Freddie Patex got five votes
Elliott 7 Conan 7 Joan Jet 6 Joan of Arc 6 Joan of Arc
that bike hey now jungle Larry 6 I don't know who that is either Bionic
no never heard of it Freddie Patex 5 St Peter the S out of the Apostle 5
Dan O'Williams from Hawaii 5-05 that's just it's even worse than Freddie Patex
Robin 4 Dick Tracy 3 John Walton senior one which I have no idea who that's
supposed to be and rocket man Kandokodi has none zero that is an infom the
not all you know compared to Superman all these others in spider man so that's what we got
on there so far we'll change it and put that I feel bad that we're gonna put that other one
on there or do we have a better idea then what the nap the nap oh there must be one of those
Charlie B poles let's see what we got in my pile here leave me take your time we got plenty
of time that's right talks love what we had on this phone the last seven days and
especially the last two I wouldn't wish on a Heiner Kimler or George W Bush
oh but it's so funny it's all me that's what we love that's what the audience want
yeah right no nobody with a half a brain nobody with any kind of an IQ
larger than their thumbnail wants to hear the same six idiots over and over and over
hundreds and hundreds and then of course it's the monkey C monkey do a crowd out
there because they have nothing to say so they're gonna call and make some funny sound
I called me on made a funny sound that they should have with a corroded
little funny sound me on made a funny sound now this wasn't not bad the real bummer
about encountering an attractive stranger is yeah like that one actually I just can't
reach out and touch them I may never see them again I just can't steal a kiss
hmm there was somebody else yeah some bitch oh I'm too unattractive to ever have a chance
with them correct I just never run into any oh I run into a lot of attractive strangers
oops excuse me I'm too shy to approach them I'm usually too old for them I'm too
married someone else is usually with me at the time I'm gay but they're straight I'm straight
but they're gay they never give me the time of day I usually make a fool myself that's a good
pull it is that may be when a trolley bees all time so let's uh Schmidt candy one
that's on there I don't like that one spider web George sir what the one that's out there's
another one how long since you were last laid I can't remember that long really far back
yeah long time man I'm just well I had a big day a webbed again yesterday that's my new
replacement for sex really big day that doesn't sound like a fair trade one eleven hundred
bucks okay still I'd rather have sex then eleven hundred bucks or depends on with who
I see okay let me thanks back to a character in the bro I brought bro you up whole
turn the brach yeah three in the breath so George is out of costume waiting to see folks from
Adam to a client we got the listener lounge all assembled here in front there's no
racing you'd call today or of course a Gulf Stream army is over so what we're gonna do at one
o'clock will handy cramp a bell month right and of course we still have prizes and surprises and
surprises yeah for anybody he doesn't want to see we got surprises really like that or this thing is
everything in here now is like on Delay really like if I hit the DCS there's like this pause
or like even if I scrolled to another letter or something oh then yeah that happens sometimes
what do we do by that something's running back there that's a slow things down you might have
to restart your computer at some point not a big deal like maybe after the show and you know
the DCS uh yeah why is that sometimes it happens sometimes while you've had that happen too yeah
just uh restarted it feels like my whole life is undelayed maybe your brain is working faster
these days see I'm gonna do it once in a while myself just so the audience doesn't feel like
left out you know hi Ron hi I'm talking about a fag man I mean talk about somebody that sounds
like a real squealy fag oh yeah hi Ron again the straight guys don't stock men really no they don't
I see y'all women come on it's after 10 to 5 60 WQ
oh
gorgeous
Come in that chair.
On the number one!
Wait, it's completely a show.
According to the latest bag head survey.
I'm going to take a little bit of a break here on my usual real building news association
with anything going on in this day to say that.
Both of right is gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Yeah.
Or making a movie like that.
Or having a show out on a real man.
With 120 minutes of Jackhuffin...
...on the Jack show!
Ho-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo-lo...
Wah-ah-ah-ah!
Ah-ah-ah!
Augh!
But that guys is Jackhuffin.
You did as I've ever heard of it.
You may think athletes have a better health insurance bottle.
He's still had a driving navigator.
Oooooh!
Oh, the way to the doctor!
How about that?
You cop!
You they cop!
That you Dennis.
I'd like a massage as an ankle.
Did y'all learn from down undergotten magic fingers, baby?
These fingers would gladly rub into real man.
That plays a game.
But they ain't gonna rub any game boys like you, homie!
How about that?
We got it all here from the nightly weeny that calls every joy and the state.
You're high jacks.
This is naeazly weeny that calls every joy and the state.
What's your shake?
Naeazly weeny that calls every joy and the state.
You have a great show, Jack.
Everyone enjoys your show.
Well, thanks a lot.
So you got the jacks.
That's exciting.
Well, now sound real good on my reel.
And see me man talk is it's jacks.
That's both a prize.
It's jacks.
Yeah, that's right.
You two kids from the poca.
I never go to invite you to my all new Monday night football and man loves it.
You just make man love.
How about that?
Oh!
10.19 at 5.60 by the way I own apology to Joe Rose.
Really?
Well, yeah, because now, and there's another example of the calls how useless they are.
If we would have had a spy report from somebody who would have told me that Joe quit sucking up to the marlins
and ripped them an ass Monday morning from about a half hour, I had a spy report from a friend of mine who told me about it.
And evidently, and we heard nothing about this, the station got some kind of a letter from their lawyer.
The marlins saying that we're not allowed to play any highlights from the clips from the games.
Yeah, the old highlights.
What is it Chris?
The old highlights while we still have their rock efforts.
Oh, I heard it was Lisa that was going to come but it never happened.
What, the letter never showed up?
Correct.
Hold us was a correct, they weren't.
They were the correct, that's right.
Because I never stopped threatening this radio station because David Sampson is obsessed with hating QA&A, including people who don't even work here anymore like Joe said.
And so nice going there Joe, he finally pushed up and quit kissing their ass.
God, I'm so tired of that.
They just despise us and we're about, oh, well now we're on a station that really knows something about sports.
Oh, yeah.
Nobody cares about your stinkin' baseball team, OK David Sampson?
Nobody cares, you can win the next ten world series, you're in a horse ball market, don't you understand it?
No, you don't.
You're too slow to understand, you're an idiot.
You're a little twerp.
We mind and we don't see you in the big deal.
Cast a hoist.
So finally they got the chewing out that they deserve.
Nothing like promoting people who just, you know, go out of their way to rip you an ass.
Am I right?
Yes you are.
School him.
That's right, hard.
Officials say they're correcting a man they believe may have sparked wildfires that have got at least 40 homes along Florida's Atlantic coast.
This guy, they ought to fry his ass on TV.
That's right.
They ought to have a nationwide hook up and just fry his ass.
Palm Bay City manager, Lee Feldman.
How do they like that?
Tell CNN that I win this is how to identify the man with 30s this morning.
Lee Feldman.
And we thought we knew who the hell he was.
It gets around.
Feldman said no other details are immediately available.
He says the 30s want to make sure they got the right person.
The fires reported him provide, oh by the way somebody ought to tell Lou Dobbs its Brevard County not Brevard County.
What I'm more on.
He was on their last night Brevard County.
What a jerk.
When you don't have here in the news media long enough like he's supposed to have been you'd know Brevard County and like how to say it yet think.
Brevard County come across like a bozo with a big fat head, Lou.
And of course, I bet it is a lot of illegal aliens there in Brevard County.
I mean, Brevard.
The fires reported in Brevard County have burned roughly 10,000 acres and more than 15 square miles.
Officials say containment efforts are improving around the blazes.
The Florida Division of Forestry said 40 homes in the Pompeo area were destroyed.
About 120 other structures including homes and outbuilders were damaged.
Officials said the total damage estimate was approximately 9.6 million dollars.
And while I'm at it while I'm on this rant, I might just rant for the whole four hours.
Okay, I don't want it but I might co-arrang.
I mean, it's stupid ass memo that we got from clearance yesterday as if.
Digging to find the last arbitrar on rating book as if it was accurate as if it's something and extrapolating all these numbers.
And we have 50,000 more listeners than the ticket.
Anybody who believes in that rating book that the coast and the high 105, all of a sudden got all the audience, especially the male audience, is an idiot clearance.
It's a moron, it's a quizzling, it's a no-nothing, it's a simple thing.
It's a loser, it's a dropout from the human race.
A dropout from the subhuman race, clearance.
And he's going to have all these stats and about we got this and this exclusive clue, Q and Mabba.
He didn't mention anything about the exclusive, exclusive, exclusive, Q and Mabba.
We used to have on this show.
Right.
But never, and again, it used to be the operative term.
Well, we'll see.
Maybe we'll make a comeback and maybe we won't.
Like I told you before, the show they obviously don't care about such things.
All they care about is, what do you call it?
Clothes, gump.
Now, clothes and one.
Oh, clothes and collect.
That's it.
Clothes and collect.
That's it.
Clothes and collect.
That's the kind of thing that's going to happen.
And then even right amongst your sliders, we don't care.
Let's have a boiler room back there.
We're like 65,000 salespeople.
They do.
And evidently, including that Gerald guy with you, who they'll know is who that is.
Hey, Gerald is a former football player and you know we have to have at least one on the other side.
Oh, another job.
Another job time.
Oh, I thought we were done with that.
All the time.
That's when we had the, he's the new Roy Tosser.
And then of course we had,
Troy.
Right.
What ever happened to him, by the way, he's still on the cross of street or don't we know?
I don't know.
Troy, Wilkins, with me.
This was 850.
He's on 850s.
I'm one of those Steve Lapis stations.
It's got a 0.0.
Oh, wow.
Yes.
Figures.
The same X-Jocks just revolve, like a revolving door.
The crow, he keeps making a comeback.
And Troy and Roy and the boy and the boy and just on.
And it's just amazing to me.
But what we once worked in the radio business, that's all gone.
It's done anyway.
And just like the thing with the callers, you know, it doesn't really make any difference
whether we get support from corporate because there aren't any anyhow.
There are no callers.
The format that we used to run, that's over with that.
I told you that a long time ago and then I keep trying to convince myself,
well, let's give it another shot.
It can't possibly be that bad.
There have to be some people out there with something.
And there aren't.
There are not.
Maybe they're out there, but they don't know where we are.
We've lost touch with them.
Yeah, well, that's why there's tremendous promotional stuff that goes on in the station.
All the billboards.
We got some schmuck running around with the sandwich board on Lincoln Road Mall.
I think that's our promotional item.
Not even.
By the way, we'll be at the Gulf Stream 3-5, Georgia's there right now,
but we'll be there 3-5 this Saturday.
That's right.
I'm warming up all the seats.
I'm just running around here.
Because I know there is a tremendous promotional campaign.
We got the gigantic QAM promotional machine working on them.
And a big, big-ass machine.
They spirit no explanation.
And what was the main topic yesterday of the people referring to that?
Oh, is there going to be a lot of security out there as if.
Is if somebody should have to worry about having a lot of security when he goes to sign autographs.
Oh, something like John Schmeckleley, a famous author who's got the best seller on the best seller list this week.
He's going to be signing autographs.
They're going to be a lot of security there.
Yeah, Simon Rushdie's going to be there.
What up?
A bunch of losers, man.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Losers.
Or you know what they keep asking.
And why is that?
Because they want to get close and touch you.
Well, they're not going to get close and touch you.
Or you're a lot of security.
But I'm touching the shelves.
Oh, yeah.
If they could find anything to touch, let them touch themselves.
Let them touch each other.
Maybe they can touch the ladies.
Maybe we can have a show for them.
We've got everyone and more on there.
Oh, yeah.
I want.
Are that.
Are that, please?
Are that.
I'm your friend.
I mean, that is just so, and of course, uh...
Georgia's gay, Georgia's gay.
You wish a boyfriend.
Yeah.
Yeah, please.
That one in his own.
Is your eighth-a-lead, don't stock men.
Doug Thompson's got a good comment about Swellery sweeping
when West Virginia last night.
West Virginia, who cares?
I'll get to that.
Right.
Good.
I got a lot of good stuff here.
Good.
And then we're perhaps one at House Eaton, Mississippi.
Almost on, on Hurt-off.
In a heavily-grilled house.
I mean, in a very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, really, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very
Mickey, Slipham, Mickey Arena.
Then the D.A. show from right there in the building, 4 to 650 for the Mad Dog, was another day off.
Fast pitch, first pitch, bad pitch, with Jesse Agra, Marlon's pregame report, 650 to 7.
It's a bunch of spots that we can sell to capitalize on the Marlon's, even though they hit us and we hate them even worse.
We hate you worse, David Sanchez, not he, like that.
Okay, that's a blueberry, a poison berry for you, you jackass, you little twerp.
Dolphins all asses, 79 and then John Linder for a D.A. from Madament, like, because D.A. ain't gonna do no more.
Double duty, no mole, you know what I mean?
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Doug Thompson says, so, Harry Rodham Clinton won the West Virginia Democratic primary by huge margin and your point is?
Of course she won West Virginia.
Harry was in her element, pantsuit deep and old uneducated white people.
The kind of people who hate blacks and change will do both for anything, will vote for anyone as long as they're white willing to pander to their needs.
West Virginia is a state where family trees don't branch, where a virgin is any 8-year-old who can outrun her brothers,
where it takes two people to eat possum because one has to watch for traffic.
Sorry, I couldn't resist, I grew up in southwestern Virginia, and West Virginia jokes flowed like moonshine, which was at the time our best cash crop.
You know why West Virginia University put astro turpinets football stadium, so that cheerleaders wouldn't graze at halftime.
Now that we've got all the state stereotypes out of the way, let's look at some irrational reasons why Clinton's winning wild, wonderful West Virginia doesn't really mean I'll add much.
The Clinton argument that she and only she can win swing states is stupid.
You can't compare primary results to what might or might not happen in general election, plus claiming to be the candidate of choice in West Virginia is hardly acclaimed to fame,
the state went for Bush in 2000 and 2004, the last Democrat to win West Virginia was her husband.
Looks like the state loves Bubba's, dumbass fake Texans and bleak splons and pantsuits.
She probably will when Kentucky and Puerto Rico and other meaningless primary, because Puerto Rico is not a state, and doesn't even count the general election.
But it doesn't matter, politics is a game of numbers and even a classic rules vendor like Clinton can't make the numbers work in her favor.
Obama has an insurmountable lead in all the numbers that count, and no amount of posturing by her and her live mouth campaign cheermantarium of color can change the facts.
She doesn't see any him last night on the MSNBC's cheermantarium of color.
He was laughing at his own the material and how ridiculous the world is.
They're going to do this, and they're going to that.
Clinton's logic defines reality, but that shouldn't surprise anybody.
She's become the George W. Bush of the Democratic Party, the serial liar who ignores the facts and tries to impose a rule on a nation that's long tired of her.
Clinton is history, and the longer she continues her charade, the more she'll become an embarrassing body on the body politic.
And it is an embarrassing body, especially with that pantsuit.
You go, Dougie.
Yeah, Doug Thompson, you know, she looks like she's taken the right path along, right in the Braco universe.
She wears that yellow shirt suit.
Like the Proctologist, man, he applies the pressure when he sticks his finger in there.
He gives it a real shove.
At least you think it's a finger.
I felt like a finger.
My good advice when you go to visit the Proctologist always have a real view mirror.
No punter.
Oh, yeah.
You want to know what's going on back there, maybe?
I want to see my rear.
Real sure what that is.
You know, it felt like a finger.
I got something that feels like a finger.
Oh, it was cold.
Like a little digit.
He's not a double digit.
Yeah.
A tiny digit.
Remember that sound, but don't hold time.
He did.
In my...
Anyway, here's the poll.
What we got, let's see if he's got the new one up there yet.
Yeah, he's the best.
Got all my dear.
If you are, he's a sharp as a marble, man.
He's good.
There's George McGovern on there.
He is so pissed off at sworey.
For his presidential campaign in 1972, should pull out.
And he endorsed Obama.
Now McGovern writes an op-ed in the New York Times,
saying the two Democrats should make joint appearances
at the five remaining primary sites after West Virginia.
There you go.
Let's have some unity, baby.
Let's join hands, although I'm sure that Barack
will want to get too close to her.
Real or fictional, who is your childhood hero?
How many vote we got?
961.
Are we got a way to go there?
Chris, don't get the premature evaluation.
It's okay.
961.
What do you mean by that?
Well, we'll get to a thousand eventually.
Exactly.
And this is a pretty good pull, actually.
Charlie Beade, now this was a Sean Pull,
had bad choices on it, which we had to fill in the gaps.
But it's a good pull.
And Charlie Beade's pull for tomorrow, I think, is fabulous.
I agree with George Furr change.
Yep.
Pretty damn good.
Nice going, Charlie.
Maybe he's eaten his weedies or something these days.
Real or fictional, who is your childhood hero?
Superman just crushes the competition.
131, of course.
That's because he's got them powers.
He's got that cape on.
That's right.
No one can beat him.
Batman 75, John Kennedy 71, Mickey Mendel 68,
Jacques Cousteau 62, Spider-Man 48, where Rogers 48.
Luke Skywalker 41, and Chris hates like poison.
Yes.
Skipper Chuck's Inc. 33, Roberto Clemente 26, Atticus Finns 26,
Y, Speed Race of 25, Willem A. 25, 023, and Solo 20.
Sky King, 19, Rod Surling 18, Robinhood 72,
How come there's not the Western types on here like,
Icazell Suck, Matt Dillon, and like that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They did?
They sucked us for old people.
Robinhood 17, Mr. Wizard, Don Herbert 16, Shiloh Cormus 15,
Martin Luther King 15, Wonder Woman 14, Green Hornet 14,
Flash Gordon 14, The Bionic Woman 12, Antetti Roosevelt 11,
everybody else single digits.
How is Freddie Ponte?
Do he's got five little Freddie Ponte?
I think he was a short stock.
He played for the Pirates for about five minutes.
Oh boy, that's Sean from Hollywood.
He's certainly, how come Bill Curry and Bob Cudsmart on there
from KDK and Bob Prince and Lily King, Jim Woods the Possum?
19 to 11 at 5.60 WQAM, George's at Gulfstream,
it's kind of cry if they're right now.
Once it gets going, man, what are those machines that start cranking?
And once some of those regulars come by to get a spanking?
Oh yeah.
And then once we start our handy crappin',
don't let me forget a 1230 to go to my racing channel here
so we can check out the hair out there.
I'm not pitting on those, you know.
Apparently Steve's load is gonna bug out,
so he's gonna run to the window so don't get too complicated.
Well, when he's gonna bug out, what was that mean?
He's got an appointment or something.
Oh, come on now.
Well, he's gonna abandon you there.
He's gonna leave me in the lurch.
Oh my god, what a...
That's all right.
He's gonna make sure and bring the free lunch and the beer
and then he'll come to the...
Well, that's what counts, that's right.
Bunchbacken?
This will be...
It's true.
Multiple wives really are the only way
to spiritual fulfillment and happiness.
Hi, I'm Dr. Neoclar d'Warrin, founder of Epolygamy.com.
I was tired of the outside world,
but then I met Nancy Gail, Ellen Tracy,
and the rest of them here, and we couldn't be happier.
We are very happy.
See what I mean?
At Epolygamy.com,
we match a single man with 29 women who have bad hair,
one eyebrow, and absolutely no self-esteem.
This is how we help you create the harmony of true polygamy.
I'm not allowed to speak.
It's okay, darling.
Just tell him what I told you to say.
You know the truth.
There is absolutely nothing wrong here.
We are all of age and love each other.
How was that?
Good.
I get back in the house.
So if you're ready for a life filled with the happiness
that only more than one wife can bring,
get started, and log on to epolygamy.com today.
We'll find the 29 women just right for you.
1047, I could be wrong about this,
but I think in biblical days,
Nancy's area of expertise,
that they had many wives.
That's right.
All those getchkeys that wrote all that crap.
Right.
Heroms had many wives, yes.
That is correct.
Like Solomon, for example.
Correct.
But he had many wives.
So what's the big deal?
I'm not advocating polygamy because in the US,
most of it is just an excuse to rape
and cuddle up to like little girls, you know.
Sure.
Underage, miners.
This isn't a few of them.
That's how they do it, but right.
But I'm not saying one of them has like adult wives
and like 50 of them.
What's wrong with that?
If they're not going to afford to support all of them,
why don't they?
Or vice versa.
You know what?
Maybe somebody would like to take yours off your hands.
Please.
Come on, that was nasty.
Was it?
Where was honest?
Well, wait a year this.
Okay.
And this has got some honesty in it,
even though it's grotesque and unacceptable.
A natural woman who waited hours for someone to respond
to her call to 911 emergency services
didn't hear the worst part of the call.
After Sheila Jones hung up the phone,
a local newspaper reporter found that
one 911 operator said,
I really just don't give a shmit what happens to you.
Wow.
Never learned it over the top.
Oh, bad.
Let's never do to him.
Her, whoever it was.
It.
I think I'm more hurt than I am mad
than my life didn't mean to damn thing to them.
Said Jones after hearing the tape played back to her
for the first time.
Jones had called for help after a nice boyfriend
to solve it and trend her.
I really just don't give a shmit what happens to you.
In fact, why don't they just say that?
You got an emergency?
Well, just what?
I don't care.
Slam.
Who gives a rat's ease.
Yeah.
911 official told Nashville's news channel
a far or five that the staffer who took the call
was a trainee who was later fired,
not for the comment, but for flunking his final,
a exam.
So the comment, I guess, was acceptable,
but he flunked the final exam.
Yeah.
I can't do that.
I don't know what to give a shmit what happens to you,
lady bitch.
Slut.
How do you like that?
I don't.
In fact, he's probably thinking maybe the bitch had a comment.
That's a lot of guys are like that.
Well, it depends.
Maybe he knew her.
Here is the story of the century,
although the media is not going to tell you that
because the media is in the pocket of the right wing,
the Neocons, the Bushmeister,
all these Nazi bastards.
Mrs. Cibi Democrat, Travis Childers,
won a special election to Congress last night,
helping his party to a third victory
in recent months for seats long held by Republicans.
The victory puts the childrens into the seat
they caded by Roger Wicker, a Republican appointed
of the West Senate, when Trent Lott resigned,
who would also push the Democrats to a 236-199 majority in Congress,
if only for a few months in federal members general elections,
which by the way they will sweep the House in the Senate.
Now, the presidential race tomorrow,
I mean, they can screw up any of them,
but they should.
With 87% of the precincts reporting,
shoulders had 52% Republican Greg Davis's 48%.
He won.
Earlier this year, Democrats captured the Illinois District long represented
by former Republican Speaker,
fact, any hastard who resigned from Congress.
And then earlier this month claimed to the seat in Louisiana
that Republican represented Richard Baker left.
Elsewhere, the Braski voters were deciding the Republican Democratic candidates
to run the replaced retiring Senator Chuck Hagel.
A lot of people are saying that Obama ought to pick Chuck Hagel
as a running man.
I think that's an excellent idea.
He's a Republican, but he's like a moderate, reasonable, rational, anti-arachor,
anti-fascism kind of guy.
While a scandal crowded state Supreme Court election
took center stage in West Virginia.
Childers took on Davis for Mississippi seat that's been held by the Republicans
since 1994, both were run against two other candidates in November 4th,
general election for the full term,
so the winner will likely gain name recognition and fundraising age.
Childers is a socially conservative county official
while Davis is mayor of fast growing city across the state line from Memphis.
The races attracted national attention with Vice President Dick Cheney campaign
for Davis on Monday.
That's your how that work out.
And Davis running ads tying, trying to tie Childers to Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi.
Childers is brushed aside those comparisons,
covering that with his own support of gun rights and opposition to abortion.
His social values match those of most voters need deeply conservative district,
Mississippi, with the banjo on his knee.
Childers and Davis events to yesterday's run out by grabbing the top two spots
in a six-person special election April 22.
I don't know like that.
Democrats are picking up seats that the Republicans have held since Jesus was an infant
since Solomon had 75 wives.
He had more than that.
How many?
I don't know.
Like 100?
100?
Absolutely.
That's a look at 30, man.
130. You can look it up?
Sure.
How can you look it up?
You got a computer there?
I got my phone.
You're going to look it up on your phone?
Yes, it's got a browser.
Well, I do too, but I mean, I could go to the poll when we switched.
I think you partner?
I could go to the poll when we switch.
Well, good. Let's make a look at it.
9.73. You're going to make a much progress on there, Chris.
It's OK.
I'm going to know why because you've talked me out and taken those great calls.
Say what?
You know something?
If we wind up with a 0.1 because of the...
And the notion that people listen and don't listen because of the calls is it is so ridiculous.
We were number one in the fallbook taking almost no calls at all.
And now we're supposedly number 15.
The audience just all vanished overnight and everybody ran over to the coast and how one will find.
That coast thing is the one that's the hardest to choke down.
What about how one of five?
Well, so they go from like number 10 to number one, like almost all across the board.
You want to know how the word is wired to diaries?
Because we both know that every once in a while the book can be very ethnic,
but that doesn't explain the coast situation.
It's like, you know, the house listening to them.
My business.
Yeah, OK.
That makes sense.
And I got news for him.
And Michael Bolton, Gloria Stefan, that is a winning formula.
And I can't find it.
Oh, there it is.
That's a winning formula.
That's my opinion.
I'm like Disney.
See, it's a lustful summoning translation.
It's a problem with Gap.
It's under D.I.S. Dash.
Whoever put this stuff in here, some of it ought to be shot.
Was it you?
Was it George? No.
That's probably me.
That one. It was? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's...
Go ahead.
Fire away.
God.
So what's going on over here at Gulfstream?
We're going to have George that the first two races in Belmont, the double.
Well, we could bet here is Chester.
Hey, it's all good.
I'm sorry. I said, what?
I'm all.
No, come on.
Get out of here. You're a maniac.
I brought him.
You really have a lot of cash.
Because the Chester freeholds suffoc downs.
Boy, that's really taken your life.
Even the announcement's got pretty spandages.
It's suffoc down.
Yeah, careful how you say that.
Big red bandages. What?
Suffoc downs.
He said harness racing there back in the day when I was in Boston, early 60s.
Mile track. Any car.
There he is.
And Alex Winger with the pink silks.
By the way, Solomon had 700 wives.
Wow. How do you like that?
How do you polygons?
How do you polygons?
Solomon had 700 wives.
In fact, he was able to service all of them.
What a... he must have been a busy guy.
I imagine that he was very busy.
He had 300 and 1225.
Just keep that in mind.
Read it on your wrist.
He also has 300 concubines.
Really?
Because 700 just...
You know, that ain't enough.
Sometimes you get, you know, 40.
Yeah.
When you've only got 700 wives to service.
I know.
And it helped.
Barack Obama picked up the endorsement yesterday of Superdulligit, Roy Romer, former Colorado governor who served as superintendent of the LA Public Schools.
Romer said the Democratic frontrunner has demonstrated leadership qualities with his coolness under fire.
He's a steady hand, Romer told the Associated Press.
He's been under some great pressure in the past to must, but he's been cool and steady.
Romer also said it was important for the candidates to know where the Superdulligit stands.
So the party can decide how to handle convention delegates from Michigan, Florida, which were denied the delegates for violating party rules as we know all too well.
Romer is the third Superdulligit to throw a support to Obama yesterday.
After New Orleans mayor Ray Negan, oh my god, and Indiana Congressman Joe Donnelly, through their thing.
Romer was Colorado governor from 1986 to 1998 and the LA school surprinted from 2001 to 2006.
Romer said he was impressed with Obama's opposition to the idea of a gas tax holiday to help people deal with rising fuel prices.
He proposal has support from voters, but is widely panned by economists and government leaders.
Anybody with a brain knows it's just a shell game, that's all.
Oh, yeah, it's an exongame.
I was caught off guard that John McCain grabbed it so quickly and swore he jumped on the bandwagon, Romer said, I'm a former governor, I've lived with that issue.
I know you're going to have bridges falling down if you don't have a gas tax.
Obama stood his ground on his suit and had doing that with her team for structure in the US and he resisted.
He said, he kept his honor.
How do you like that? Just like what's your name? We never did find out what her name was.
No, they might have said it, but I don't remember it.
Maybe we'll have to look that up too.
She kept her honor.
I believe in America.
In the beginning of the movie, it's so dark in the audience.
I just mentioned that, anybody who hasn't seen the Godfather, which if you have it, we didn't want to smel you.
10.56.5.60.WQM.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Just this is your boy.
Any question?
I'm not sure.
Huh?
Barack Obama, middle name Hussein.
If you're nominated, you'll lose to McCain.
You have a message. It is filled with hope.
Didn't I read in your book, you used to smoke dope.
Just you wait until the big convention.
All the super delegates will be mine.
Then all of your supporters will be angry.
Hear how they whine.
Barack Obama, no you cannot win.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
This campaign feels like it's never ending.
People think that I'm out of my mind.
I'll tell the pundits when I'm nominated.
This might be hang.
Barack Obama, middle name Hussein.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I am the walrus.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
I'm the only one who can be Republican.
A fifth suspect has been arrested for his role in the slaying of NFL star Sean Taylor,
according to the prosecutors, this hot off the press from the Herald.
Timothy Brown, 16, has been charged with first of being murdered under a sealed warrant.
Taylor was shot in the groin during a botched burglary in November 26 in his Palmetto Bay House in the Idle Laterate Jackson.
Within a few days police arrested four men, Jason Mitchell, Eric Rivera, Charles Wardlow, and Vengea Hunty.
All of the four Myers area, each has been charged with first of being murdered.
Brown is the world of one of the suspects in his Yale and Lee County waiting transport today,
where they ought to just fry him on Channel 7 News Live.
Oh, but he's only 16 years old. You know something once you're dead.
Yeah.
It does make a difference if the person who fired the shot was 16, 116, or 95, okay?
So sick and tired of all the, in this cobbling that goes on.
Hillary Clinton.
Yeah, exactly.
That's gonna be yeah.
That's my magic touch again, baby.
Okay, we finished out that poll the first one.
We didn't get quite to a thousand, but yeah, I don't want to wait. I want to drag my feet.
I want to move it along.
I heard a waiting for the world to catch up, especially South Florida.
What are we, Tardo, Placement?
Just like that review, I read to that restaurant.
Oh, it's expensive and it's more like South Beach prices and it's this and it's hard to find.
Oh, boy. They're not even glad that they went there.
I bet you the places awesome.
I looked at their menu and they got all the stuff. They got Kishki and they got all the good stuff that I want.
I want some good Jew food, man.
One thing about this, this town.
I mean, there are places that used to be like kind of semi delis and other limited all the, all the good Jew food.
There's no more cheese blunts, and there's no more Kishki and no one like anything in these places.
And then there's that one place that Rimmer took me out in the middle of nowhere.
Yeah.
Oh my god.
Somebody else recommended that to me a few days ago.
That there's somebody they called in, I think so.
And I told them that's a place they were there. It was horrible.
I think they made a bad...
a Postrami sandwich in a deli.
Yeah?
Maybe there were Aresots Jews.
I think I had salami and Swiss or something, trade-flake there.
Maybe they made it bad on purpose because they knew it was trade.
And I was, I wasn't...
for them. I think that might have been it. It's for them. It sucked. So when you're high,
although I still got to pay for it, that was the good thing. It may have been bad, but yeah.
When you're eating with rimmer, no matter whether the food is good, bad or indifferent,
you still get to pay. The only thing I don't like about this new pool that we just put up, it's just
got too many long choices. You know what I mean? Yeah, well, that means you don't have to read it
a lot. Now it's to read it. That's right. That's all part of the plan. All the first six races
that come on the over by that time. Now they're showing like replays or stuff. What are they doing
on right now? It's ESP out on every screen, but they keep on. Oh my god. How depressing. There's
a place from my mountain here. I'm coming through along the inside. Gellon, Gailor,
locks us down the outside. The leader is Big Daddy. Ketty down to the so long power out by
four links now. Saki, boy, is out. Keep in mind if there are two things that this audience doesn't
want to hear about. It's hockey and horse racing. He is out of the 16th pole and it's going to be
but that's beside the point. You're obviously, you know, you need the cash and you're going to be
out there like what? 17, 20 times a week. That's right. Whatever it takes to keep George alive,
that's what we're here for. What up? This audience man. What else am I? Where's the call? You know,
take the calls and stick them up your ass. That's my response. The worst bunch of swill I have ever
heard in my life. The absolute worst. I mean, we want to listen. If every call was a crank call,
but at least they were funny. I'd go for that. They're not funny. They're all the same over.
The same half a dozen people with the same craft. That's what Jolly Jobelle thinks is
talk radio all about. Let a half a dozen people. You know, something, the guys across the street
could say they could hire people off the street. They could take homeless. They could take some of
those shank-knotty people off the street corner, put them in a room, in a boiler room with phones,
and just haven't called us all day long. Sure. Maybe they're doing that already. Who the hell knows?
Because this guy sure is hell don't care. Or six JL's,bestos who unseated the driver. Oh,
that's bad. The driver went flying. Salky crash, you know. The real bummer about encountering an
attractive stranger is we got 16 early votes on this. This you get a lot of votes,
is poor, wouldn't you think Chris? Definitely. It's a good one. Nice going Charlie,
be it's about time you made a little bit of a comeback. Long overdue. I just can't reach out and
touch us. What I voted in its winning six. That's just a hug. It's a hug. A kiss on the cheek.
Little squeeze. All depending on what you're squeezing I guess, huh?
Uh-huh. I'm too married for. I'm too shadow approach them too. I'm gay but they're straight one.
I'm usually too old for them one. They're with somebody else one. I may never see them again once.
Who cares? Who cares? Why do you have to see them again? Once would be good. I can think a lot of
people I should like that. The one one time would be fine. Okay. Let's go off to a corner somewhere and
just uh- uh- uh- uh- do something. And no votes yet for I usually make a fool of myself. They
never give me the time of day. I'm straight but they're gay. Someone else is usually with me at
the time. I just never run into any. Oh yeah. They're all attractive strangers. While you're in
South Florida, I understand. I'm too unattractive to have a chance with them or I just can't- I can't just
kiss. What? Nothing who says- You don't like the way that it's worded in your name.
No, no, it's funny. It's a circle. No, let's not change it but because I know that it's a thing
that's said but who actually says that? Can I steal a kiss? Yeah. That's like from the what? 1890s?
Right. It's a little bit dated here. It's a little old-fashioned. Can I steal a kiss from a
serial kiss? Yeah, kiss this. That? Yeah, that. You. Oh Churchill, down today. They're having
a rub down on you Churchill. You know, I got to be honest with you with all the respect.
I mean, I'm not going to say it. Yeah. I mean, I just, I don't know. I mean, I'm just, it's like
picking numbers out of a hat. And you're betting your money this way. I'm not gonna explain
you. Yeah, you are. Yeah. You're betting your nothing on my money based on the- Oh, in other
words, you don't care. I mean, I'd like to win but so what? It's chance anyway. It's a chance.
It's a chance. Well, how about just take all the money out of your wallet and bet it all to win
on the longest shot on the board? Okay. I mean, he's in the race so he's got a chance. There you go.
Much of the choice. And you're gonna lose. It's happened before. And it might happen again.
That's right. Not to you. No. It's like having you go to the wheel of fortune and sit down and take
a couple hundred bucks and sit there and find the right machine. It's going to pay you like two
three grand on a line. That would be nice. I'd like to see that. Sure would. Maybe that'll happen
Saturday. Maybe I'll find you. I'll scope you out of good machine. I want to find that them. I want
to find the- What is it called? Well, the chickens, the- The screening chickens. He hogs. Okay. Now,
do we- I'm going to go through that to be fine. I don't think they do. He hogs. Steve's going to go look.
What about quick hit? Find out if I am sure they might find that. He'll let you. He's on his way.
Yeah. Quick hit. And then there's another one called turkey shoot. More gobbling. I like the ones with a lot of gobbling.
I bet. 12 minutes after 11 at 560 WQA.
All right. Okay. Quite dark. My name is Lisa Hong. Today I teach you Pythagorean theorem. Here go.
In any right triangle dudes area of the square of the high-parta news is equal to the some of the
areas of the square. Yeah, baby. So you add your add a square to be squared to square and that equals
and now you can easily figure out what Pythagorean's talking about. You add. You add. Thank you. I never
had any professional training class dismissed. 1117 at 560 WQA. And don't forget the jerk show this
afternoon from the Macaroon. No, they triple layer reen. Excuse me. Now, I see there will all
people come in here watching through the show. Why is he doing the show? There's just something
going on there that we don't know about Chris. I have no idea. George, it's a dunk of donuts event.
Oh, seriously? Free ice coffee. Why are you doing that? You think I'm making this up?
Are you serious? You're for real? Deadly. Deadly? I'm sure that. Yes. It's a dunk of donuts event
with the heat. With the heat? With the mean with the heat. Yes, it's a heat event. The heat and
heat. What does that mean? What does that mean? You translate that. I don't know what that means.
It means somebody offered the station some money to do something. I said, all right. It's a close
and close. That's how you knew. I told you that. I've got to pay us to do something stupid.
Great. Exactly. And we'll give you like 5,000 reads out of two. How can we have a liner on that?
I don't know. Probably because Least sit right here and can't catch one.
It's not wider worthy. He's telling me. Why? Because it's the jerk show.
Is that it? He's taking the teach out of jerks. Hey, free is pick a line of jerks. He says yes.
Yes. He said he absolutely correct. He said he wouldn't waste the paper.
Correct the line. I'm not sure if it's the ink. That's right. Okay. Well, that's great. It's
free ice coffee. Free ice coffee. Ice coffee, baby. Wow. Well, I'm sure I'm sure
wish I was already there. Now, the one thing that makes me really feel among many other things,
not guilty about not taking any more of these stupid causes, that George pretty soon is going to be
on a line. Yeah. Like starting Friday and then all next week when I'm on vacation in a couple
weeks after that I got another vacation and then when I come back I'm on a summer schedule for
three months. Two years there's the only. So when you're on, when you're on, these people can build
up and save up all their great materials there with you. You bet. Because George is a phone call
maniac when he's on. That's right. See, it's actually a scam. We have the calls all recorded
and I just have them all. Yeah, I've had people ask me that. Do you like put people up to make
a note? I mean, how is it possible there could be anybody like that? Right. Well, you know how
you we can put multiple cuts into one, you know, one DCS card and you just, you know, it rotates
as you press the button. That's all. Yeah. That's all I do. You think you know how to slack?
Please. I know. I can write a book. I'm sure. Long time no one has been associated James Carval
admitted in the speech in South Carolina that the Democratic presidential race is all but over.
That's what Baldi says now finally. But the colorful Democratic strategist suggested that Hillary Clinton
should fight until the last dog dies. John O'Connor reports for the South Carolina newspaper
the state. I still hear some dogs bar from said Carval the flying point, Louisiana known as the
less rage in Cajun. I never heard that before. He's the rage in Cajun. I'm for Senator Clinton,
but I think they're right likely with his little bum will be dynamite. He said as soon as I
determine when that is, I'll send him a check. He said the moderate voices Joe Gamberman on Carval's
remarks, the skinny bald head man has sung. This isn't the first time Carval is referred to
Barkham dogs in the Democratic primary race in January. The conservative newsbusters blog
noted another car built canine analogy. And he's like any politician that's been hit, you know,
it's a dog that barks and we're going to see a lot of Barkham from Senator Obama Carval
told Larry King on CNN. A lot of Barkham. I guess he's barking up the right tree.
Because he's in. It's all over. It's all done. But like that other article by Doug Thompson said,
she's got to raise that 20 million repart of it anyway. She's deep up to her upper to her
pantsuit and dead up to her waist up to her boobies and then. So Steve's phone is gone
already or what? He's back. And what's the answer? We had it lose a no what? No, no, what? No,
no quick hit. No. No, he ha? No. No, turkey shoot. No. Well, what are you talking about?
I don't know. He looked for quick hit and he ha and turkey shoot and they did nothing with
clocking. Nothing with chickens. What a dumb clock. Nothing with chickens. Like 500 machines. So
they got something. Maybe they got maybe they got some chickens. He didn't see how many machines
did you say? 500? No. I think it's 15, 17, all right. It's 500 because they got scattered.
Because I'm repeating what he said. It's 500 in that one room. But they've got machines in different
places all throughout the park here. Well, he saw in other words, only in that one room. He
looked in the main casino right. Oh, he looked in both of them. He looked over here and
and upstairs and nothing. Maybe that's a Canadian thing. No quick hit. Oh, what do you mean? It's a
Canadian thing. What are you talking about? Like back bacon. Yeah, like a female bacon and
hosers and tukes. And say, I think I'm talking to some hosers. If you ask me, they take off.
But you do have wheel of fortune, right? Yes. Yes. Yes. I think I'll get their Saturday and they'll say,
oh, well, we used to have those, but they just took them out. We got nothing about because we heard
you were coming. We have flaming sevens or something like that. Every once in a while.
They call them brazen sevens, but I'm sure it's. Seven. That stuff you were playing a few weeks
ago, boy. That was really, that was, what was that? What was it? I don't know. Whatever that
machine was that you played. Oh, yeah. I don't know. Something right over here. The closest machine to
me. I don't know, but something. Hey, there's a lady playing that very machine right now. How
she doing? I don't know. She's way over there. You got to ask her. I'll go with her. Hey,
make it any money, honey. I don't like these strangers. Old lady. No. Young lady. Middle.
Middle age. Like, like maybe 40 something. Nice. You looking.
She looks like she's a very nice person. Oh, you're going to love this story. Great.
Well, you're going to love them all because I'm not taking any calls. Okay. I'm just telling you
that right now. You're waiting for calls. You got a long, long wait. That includes you to
Jolly Joe. No calls. Dump the calls. Screw it. And you know, the saddest part of the whole,
well, it's not the saddest, but one of the saddest things is I went through all of those
machinations to get the router. Yes. The only reason I needed that was to get the take calls.
Right. You get the thing fired up a rear-circle take calls and have that internet connection with
the phone. And then we went through the thing with the engineer coming here and he took him an hour
and we almost gave up. And finally, finally, finally, the ass end of the whole ordeal. There you go.
It's working. Well, it's a good thing it was worth it. And well, it'd be good tomorrow when we
have Dave Johnson calling him. Right. Because if I didn't have the phone, you'd have to punch it
up down there, which I guess you could do. Yes. I said it really wasn't worth the effort, but
nevertheless, Vatican says a little agreement on a part of creation. Well, the good news is that if
we ever have calls again, if there are anybody really has something to say in South Florida,
we'll be here poised to take them. Let let us know when that happens. All you idiots out there,
let us know. Let us know. Let us know. Let us know when the day comes when you actually have
something to say, oh, it's the hall. You have the hotel pharmacy guy and a quarter-slot guy.
And then, of course, once they have a handle. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Then they become just a
susser, fifty, a hundred, five thousand times a day. This becomes their life. I have no life.
The Vatican's chief astronomer has said he believed in aliens is not a variance with Christianity,
and that any extraterrestrials were formed part of God's creation. It sounds to me like they're
covering their ass. Father Jose Gabriel Funis, a Jesuit. Yesterday told a little
Soviet or a Romano, the Vatican newspaper, that it is possible to believe in God in extraterrestrials.
He said Christians could admit the existence of other worlds and other forms of life,
even those more evolved than ours, which isn't saying much, without necessarily questioning faith
in the creation, the incarnation, and the redemption of mankind. All of these things. Father Funis,
head of the Vatican Observatory or specola, said, although many astronomers lost no opportunity
publicing to profess their atheism, it was amidst that astronomy favors an atheistic vision of the
world. He said astronomy does not favor the view of a godless world. In fact, I think it is those
who work at the specola who bear witness to the fact that it's possible to believe in God and work
with science in a serious way. Very serious. He said the Observatory formerly housed at Castel
Gandalfo, the papal summer residence in the Hills south of Rome, but inaugurated new headquarters
in the monastery nearby Albano next year. The Vatican Observatory also operates a 1.8-liter
telescope in Mount Graham in Arizona, in USA. Father Funis said, just as there existed a multiplicity
of creatures on earth, so there could exist other beings created by God, including intelligent ones.
We can't place limits on God's creative freedom. St. Francis of Assisi, and described our fellow
creatures on earth as our brothers and sisters, so why can't we also speak of our extraterrestrial
brothers? They too have been part of creation, he said. He said that aliens like humans will be able
to benefit for the redemption offered by Jesus and the mercy of God.
His name is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George. George is George.
George is George.
I am a fighter.
I'm a fighter.
I'm a fighter.
I'm a fighter.
I'm a fighter.
called Glory, well too bad.
Old, bigoted, and stupid, and resistant to change,
clean desperate to their past.
Georgia is against him.
By the way, he's got tons of admirers out there hanging out.
Nobody has come by yet?
Nobody has come by to see Lil Georg when they were in the center day.
They must be for Saturday to get the bonus they get you and me and praise and and T shirts and
autographed frameable picture cards
Saturday Saturday T shirts T shirts for who gets the T shirts first X number of people that ask for them
Now how young guys that come by get the T shirts all the time who gets them well, all right now used to do that
Sure some ugly old creep comes up to me. Oh, could I have a T shirt?
Yeah, well, I'm a side you know, and if they have a set them aside for the half guys
I think there are any hot young guys come by there. I said are you crazy? There might be a couple and Gulfstream
There might be a couple just to see you
No, yeah
You're living in the past man. I like those people. I was talking about a moment ago
I'm not I am but I know it'll be huge
You think we're gonna have a gigantic turnout there Saturday. I know stuff. Oh, that's what Johnny Joe was telling me
We want to make this into a major event. We're gonna really sure you my thoughts such crap through your ass, man
And jolly joe. It's just amazing to me. I hope when you have your next meeting with him about your future
That he doesn't talk crap through his ass. Okay. I'll make sure that he's sitting on it. Statehouse what crap is that?
Statehouse candidates separate bathrooms for gay kids
I'm in the story isn't as good as
I
Know with those about there's gonna be differently appointed and we ought to see this guy this guy is like a retarded
Got a big white beard and goofy glasses. He looks like Gabby Hayes and drag
I'm Republican seeking a state house seat in the land of Larry Craig advocates segregation based on sexual orientation
I wonder if this guy's another toe-tapper
Retired Idaho and Walt Bay 70 says in campaign literature that it's absolutely wrong to force any student to share the same bathrooms and showers with homosexual teachers or students
I
Don't really have an answer for it the wilder resident told the Idaho Press Tribune Saturday
But we're gonna have to do something if there's gonna be a considerable number of our people are gonna be gay
It would have been an absolute catastrophe base said if he were allowed to shower with girls when it was 18 years old
Which is the rationale he uses to advocate such a separation?
I don't know I used to take showers with guys in a gym in high school and nobody ever touched anybody
I never touched anybody. I would like to know oh baby what ever have a problem. No, okay
Base political experience consisted of a run for a state Senate in 2004 and a run for governor in 2006
Would you kicked off of the hunger strike holding up for almost two months until the state passed a lot of challenge?
Roe v. Wade South Dakota did so
According to the Jim State voter guide Bay's opposed a stem cell research and anti-discrimination laws based on sexual orientation and gender expression
He supports challenging evolution teachings in public schools and he supports posting the 10 commandments on public property
In other words, he's a right-wing bobble-fuff and lunatic
separate bathrooms for gay kids. You don't want to take no showers and
And and or a leak you know be pink. They'll have the glory
They're taking because if you take a lot less you have your golf club with you
Well, that's about to come up next break. That's good. See good time
Always bring your club into the tea room. That's right
Because there might be some fagots in there. Yeah, some fig like the fight
How do you like that people like this walking around on the loose?
Zined America scary no probably a real good religion is no doubt
So I got the program here for if for what for Belmont? Yeah, yeah, and
Nothing. I just got it. I got it open to the first race and
You know here's the line is that the right way is that the
That I say that yeah, okay
See the morning lines. Thank you. Let's make sure you're on the right the we're on the right thing here one horse
Weston sweep written by Edgar Prada. That's right to the one in the morning line
the two pew-doo
With a bar coa who used to be I bar coa and I was a bar coa
How would you say it in a sponule EI BAR
I bar I'm gonna see it written I bar
I got my my my my boy. I just go I bar now. He's a bar. Oh, yeah, I read maybe his Canadian a
Three horse zippy
With Channing Hill maybe you want to vote on her maybe or bet on her is she hot?
I don't know. I never seen what he's she looks like. I don't know what any of these people looks like
I know what they are and your Prada looks like not good a wild
Wild
Buttable what is that wild but able excuse me. I don't know how to pronounce that wild but able
It's all unworthy with Queen of Alaska is the four
Are you dancing with Jose espinoza the six just skip over Ray on his jet
Ray on his jet with Rajiv Mara who sounds engine to me and that's how the sure that's jockey or
Jabi
Punjabman
He's a punjabman and seven is Wendelia
Cal branch I never heard of I don't know who that is see this is Belmont
I mean not that I don't know a little bit about these people, but what do I know about Belmont racing?
I mean if he's working will hear Tom Durkin that would be good
Actually, we're good to hear Tom Durkin
Second race. I mean the audience doesn't care about any of this but never less of a race here about ratings anymore
We're gonna be just like that. That's right
Close and collect that's close and collect. That's what we're all about a QM
Not about sports not about talk not about ratings not about listeners close and collect get some spots on the air baby get a lot of spots
That's all it's about
second race smile
Three-year-olds enough one sacred iron with the oats trained by Nick Zito. Thanks buddy
John Velasquez to the one favorite in the morning line am I right?
Yes to Sapphire eyes with Abar Koa there he is again three vindication with the oh indication as
Isn't there?
Isn't that did I play then I had a dump?
Yeah, that was called in windication
Kentisomo
The rider for a big ground so he's on that male winning the Derby
He's probably gonna be on fire Kentis or more cool tails with Georgie Chavez is the four
I won't like me run with Kyle Branch. I already know what I'm gonna have you bet. I know about this Rajeev
I'm a wise you good jockey I'll go ask him no seriously. Do we don't we don't have anybody who knows about any of these things
That's a problem maybe maybe in the room here. I'll just shout out
Yeah, I know where this guy from hey, hey, maybe he's the guy you talked to when you call about your phone service
Or you call about your internet or you call tech support and he says his name is right. That's right. Maybe it's Rajeev who's
I got it. He's in the tech room
He used to call the tech room, but he's probably in the tech room
Or maybe if he works a QA him he's in the Todd direct
room
Talk about evil
Now you're promising me that you're not gonna let PD Lenny show up on Saturday. I promised he would or Todd
Rick I can't I can't do anything about that although I won't what I can't do anything about keeping PD Lenny away
Although we have lots of volunteers that are you know offering to beat people you're gonna have a lot of security there
By the way George that was the main question
Let's say I think I have a lot of security because we want to come by there inside a rumble
You know, we're gonna have layers of security and then the people that we're calling about is their security
They couldn't they couldn't hurt her fruit fly. You know, they wouldn't write they could a little little girls
Little nutless. They couldn't crush him a ski ride the both this doughy old fat man. That's it. Those are ones
Like those like the guy to talk the big yesterday your friend
Sure, urban power. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we're gonna come by break your kneecap. Sure
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad. Yeah, he can lift the fork to his face. That's the heaviest thing he can lift. Well for him. Yeah
Twenty-two noon at five sixty WQ way I'm a pretty insum as dirt
Tracer and the cold breath
With a little too much power for a beat
Take that
And tell him
In the
Takes the bone down
In the
Take them out now
Take this bull of yours
Thank you
Oh
Rapilongs and jail
In peace and shady
Take the bastard down
Tires run out, get him down before he hides
Somewhere in Dubai
In peace and shady
Take him out now
There isn't any doubt when he's out this evil slide
We'll go hide in Dubai
Say bye bye bye bye bye
Bye bye bye bye bye bye
Bye bye bye bye bye
You bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
Bye bye bye bye bye bye
Oh, it's 7.47 a.q.m. and you wouldn't have to pick it on Rajeev Moral, man
Why? What? Because I just think of him
He's the 19 years old, he lives in Miramar, Florida
And it was the high apprentice jockey at New York for, I guess, last year
He's not an apprentice anymore
Maybe with the differences, what that means
Oh, I know with the word apprentice means, but not any horse-wating
Well, apprentice and jockey they get a weight allowance
I know that still I have so many wins
Okay
But he's no longer an apprentice because he's carrying 125
But he's how to suppose to anyone a whole bunch of races that are, etc. and so on
And he's 19 and lives in Miramar, who knows maybe he's hot
All right
Rajeev, man, let's take a look and see what Rajeev's got
Rihanna's jet and he's got the only reason I've looked him up
He says he's getting the early money to five, you see that?
Wait, oh, there it is, yeah, go on, it's up there, yes
52, the five, you see that?
72 in the morning line, he's taking early money, honey
Sonny
I think the 6 and the 7 you can show
Well, 7's only 7 to 1, I don't know
We'll see, we have lots of time, 1 o'clock post-amid boomerang
And if there's one thing this audience does money here about, it's hockey and horse race here
How about those flyers, by the way?
Oh, yeah
Nail my flyers, are you?
Yeah, your flyers are on the edge of extinction, okay?
That's schmuck, they're called an asthili guy to the day
It's another reason the colors are so bad
So bad, why are there so many reasons?
It's so funny
So there's a story on Rajav Raijarova's name again?
Rajeev
Rajeev Mara
He lives in Miramar
Local boy
No, he's not a local boy, what do you mean by that?
Well, is it Miramar?
Well, maybe he wrote it called her
Maybe
Or Gulf Stream
Or like that
You're getting choked up about it
Loaded
Daniel Ross was alone in an empty room with the Obama-hand campaign headquarters in Kokomo, Indiana
A cell phone in one hand of Otakall is to the other
She was stretched out on the carpet of floor wearing laced-less sky blue converse's
Stories from the trail on her mind
It was the day before Indiana's primary, she had just been chased by dogs
Locked canvassing in a Kokomo suburb
But that wasn't the worst thing to occur since she postponed her sophomore year at Middle Tennessee
State University and parked the hopscotch America's dumping for Barack Obama
Here's the worst
In Muncie, a factory town in the east central part of Indiana, Ross and her cohorts were
Soliciting support for Obama at malls on street corners and in the Walmart parking lot
And they ran into a horrible responses Ross put it on a level of anti-black sentiment that
Know them and anticipated
The first person I encountered was like, I'll never vote for a black person be called Ross
Who is white and just turned 20 people just weren't receptive
For all the hope of seven Obama's candidacy is generating some of his field workers,
Phone bank volunteers and campaign surrogates are encountering a raw racism and hostility
That have gone largely unnoticed and unreported in this election season
Doors have been signed in their faces, they've been called racially derogatory names including the white volunteers
And they've endured malicious rants and ugly stereotypes
Hacking from people who can't fathom that the senator from Illinois could become the first African-American president
We're getting some of that on the show at Guarantea
In those in those areas I guarantee it
Oh and you've got all bigoted red neck Yahoo old parts, okay?
Too bad
The contrast between the larger during crowds of Obama draws the public events and the gritty street level work to win votes is stark
The candidate is largely insulated from a mean spirit and instant some of his folks foot soldiers deal with away from the media spotlight
Victoria Switzer of retired social studies teacher was on phone bank duty one night during the Pennsylvania primary campaign
One night was all she could take it wasn't pretty
She made 60 calls to prospective voters in Susquehanna County or home county which is 98% white
The responses were disspiriting
One call of Switzer remember said he couldn't possibly vote for a bomb and concluded
Hang that darchy from a tree
um
Documentary filmmaker Rory Kennedy the daughter of late Robert F. Kennedy said she too came across a lot of racism
Like campaigning for a bomb in Pennsylvania
One Pittsburgh union organizer told he wouldn't vote for a bomb because he is black and a white voter she said
Offered this frank reason for not backing Obama
White people look out for white people and black people look out for black people
Obama campaign officials say such incidents are isolated
That the experience of most volunteers and staffers has been overwhelmingly positive
The campaign released this statement and response to questions about encounters with racism
After campaigning for 15 months and nearly all 50 states Barack Obama and our entire campaign have been nothing but impressed and encouraged by the core decency kindness
And generosity of Americans from all walks of life
Right
The last year only reinforced Senator Obama's view that this country is not as divided as our politics suggests
Campaign field work can be exercised in confronting the fears anxieties and prejudices of voters
Veterans of the civil rights movement know what this feels like as did those have been involved in battles over busing immigration or abortion
But though the through the Obama campaign some young people are having their first experience joining a cause and meeting cruel reaction
On election day in Kokomo group of black high school students were holding up Obama signs along US 31
A major thoroughfare as drivers cruised by a number of them rolled out their windows and yelled out a common racial slur
Not the inward African Americans it is the inward according to all of our campaign staff
I like that
Okay
In lover
Fredrick Morrell of black Kokomo high school senior was not there but heard what happened he was more disappointed than surprised
During his own canvassing for Obama Morrell said he's had a lot of doors slammed in his face
With taught eighteen ages on a busy commercial strip and broad daylight I was very shocked at first Morrell said then again I wasn't because we have a lot of racism here
The bigotry is gone beyond words and been sends to Obama campaign office was vandalized in two in the morning on the either the primary court of police
A large tight glass window was smashed and American flags stolen other windows were spray painted with references to Obama's controversial former pastor the Reverend Jeremiah Wright and other political messages
Hamas votes VHO and we don't claim to guns of religion G.D. Wright
Ray McCormick was notified of the incident about 245 a.m. A farmer in conservationist McCormick had erected a giant billboard on the major highway
On behalf of farmers for Obama he also was housing the Obama campaign working worker man in the office
When McCormick arrived at the office about two hours before he was due out of bed to plant corn he grabbed his camera wanted to alert the media
I thought this is a big deal
But he was told Obama campaign officials didn't want to make a big deal with incident McCormick took photos away distributed some
The pictures represent what we're breaking through and overcoming you said as McCormick was white season Obama succeeding despite these incidents
Later there would be bomb threats to three Obama campaign offices in Indiana including the one in the sentence according to campaign sources
Bomb threats
Now there's a lot of bigots after what I tell you about Pennsylvania for example
And West Virginia this is right side by eight West Virginia you know the only black they like there is coal
There you go that's right by the way they just brought the posters down that they're festooning the place with for the appearance very nice
The Gulf Stream people had them printed up with your post right now
Thank goodness to them. Thank you so much to the Gulf Stream people are taking care of us
Because the Q and mod you know flea is there is he still hanging out there with the eating free food or what?
Yes we're getting our free food right now as a matter of fact
Good. Because he sure knows by now that the Q and promotional effort on the scale of it minus infinity is
It is what it is you know
Is he nodding his head or is he just laughing he's rolling on the floor is he just putting the sides open there?
Oh really? Yeah
98 votes on the new poll here you go Chris you're off and running you're off to the races
This is a good poll we should have like if we really had an audience we'd have like 500 votes on this one already if we like we used to have remember those days
I may be old and daughtering but I can remember the days when we had an audience before jolly Joe came to town
Closed and collect closed and collect cut everybody's salary by 90% and close and collect that's right
The real bummer about account we're going to track this stranger is I'm two-marry 27 we have 102 vote
I just can't reach out and touch 20 just reach out and grab and give a big squeeze a hug
Squeeze a few interesting parts I'm too shot to approach them 15 I may never see them again 11
Why is that important?
I don't know
I'm too unattracted to ever have a chance with them five I'm usually too old for them five
They're with somebody else five they never give me the time of day four
Somebody else is usually with me at the time three I usually make a fool of myself too
I'm gay but they're straight to I just never run into anyone I just can't steal a kiss one and I'm straight but they're gay none
I don't want to write I'm straight but they're gay
How do you know that when you when you're running to a stranger how do I well?
I said I'm just obvious
This is an attractive stranger
Right
I guess there's some attractive bull dikes and queens and right that right
It's a real pretty pretty guy pretty gal thanks pretty butch gal that's right
11.56 4 minutes still new and we're just now and 4 minutes away from first post and now you're supposed to remind me something
I was about Harris 10 the harness racing at Harris it starts at something
It's not a big dude a shum stayed at the same distance going five eights he allows being either on or right close to the lead
It's worth buying clear Dan was able to back up in the final strides
So I'm a wide buyer such as two for two to start out if eight or two
I'm the inside part of the geography wanted
Prior to the firm second parker sweet third and top notch here for it
Well I can I can tell you're already getting all whipped up with excitement I am
Maybe I'll make George the mighty day. What do you say? Let's see the five is two to one and one is five to two
Those are the only two of Belmont so far they get nothing serious action one or five all right
But I'm the six horse which is 21 to one everybody else got a shot
Yeah, I think what we'll do is we'll back wheel the double but we'll leave the six out and then of course you'll mind up winning
It'll be like a three hundred dollar double. Oh genius will be leaving six out. What ever is Mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q
8M
Can't pay me all day you might say I could call some stress
Now and then I like to take the world is a press but I can relax over the scrutiny of the press now they're coming up to me for smoking cigarettes
Smoking in the privacy of my home I was smoking in the privacy of my home sometimes in the car and I'm alone
I like one up and smoke in the privacy of my home
Why just the other night I asked the show to find me one of those long folders like it looked more like Roosevelt
Or is Brad loyalty you never can tell sometimes a cool sell them again or an occasional
No smoking in the privacy of my home smoking in the privacy of my home I'm a human being not healthy
I know for what's it to you that I smoke in the privacy of my home
Combo 205 60 WDQM happy Wednesday to it George is out there a costume way to me all his good friends
Well, wouldn't buy yet. Oh, the real nice guy. Tim by are you eating again on the air? What do you mean again? Yeah?
We're not putting this card. I can't really bring you. I said business card. I got that rubin with no sauce. No great rubins here.
We Gary came by Gary a computer guy. Yeah, I said he was filling up over here at Evan Chura but his talking came in just to say hi.
What a nice. Thanks Gary. Thanks for coming by because it would be really a bummer of George's after four hours and one listener came to us. He's been listening for a hundred years way back when big Rick and Satsang all these things.
Really? Yes. All of these things. One three five in the first race is what I'm seeing at Bill Ma, based on the early wagering.
Not that that means that one of those van win. Oh, three. No three is Channing Hill. When that be a thrill to win with Channing Hill. Anyway, yeah, winning anyhow.
Would be great.
And what about the two two of six to one with a bar co up to do.
P you D E W to do a Florida bread. Well, I wonder what's called P you. Albert Einstein, arch rationalist or scientist with a spiritual core question mark.
What time is the a chest or oh, it's at 21 minutes. Now you're kind of bet on those will just will just make picks for fun.
Okay, or we can just forget about it. You know, whatever. Tell good. Is it all good? Have it all the food is four to five on the rail with cat man.
See it. Here is look at that the cat man and catch the win with Georgian app. Junior taking early money to that's our Florida boy.
George the Palo Taro junior man Georgian app junior. You know Georgian app. No. What will take one? I would vote to.
The one and the five. The only horses look to the even and blue boy look at that. That's the one that I picked based on his lifetime record and is a winning mark with Jonathan Roberts is eight to one in a morning line at Harris Chester.
Oh my God. That's in Philadelphia. That's not by the airport. Albert Einstein, arch rationalist or scientist with a spiritual core question mark.
A letter being auctioned in London this week adds more fuel to the long simmering debate about the Nobel Prize winning physicists religious views in the note written the year before his death.
Einstein dismissed the idea of God as a product of human weakness and the Bible is pretty childish at a boy.
The letter handwritten in German is being sold by Bloomsbury auctions on Thursday next Thursday and was a district.
No tomorrow. I expected a fetch between 12 and 16 grand. Einstein went up on the mysteries of the universe with his theory of relativity expressed complex and arguably contribute to a comprehensive reviews on faith, perceiving universe of views with spirituality while rejecting organized religion.
Thanks God. The letter up for sale written the philosopher Eric Gutkind in January 54 suggests his view on religion did not mellow with age in it.
Einstein said the word God is for me nothing more than the expression and product of human weaknesses, the Bible a collective honorable but still primitive legends which are nevertheless pretty childish.
For me he added the Jewish religion like all other religions is an incarnation of the most childish superstitions. Well said Al. Couldn't say better myself.
Addressing the idea that the Jews are God's chosen people on star road. The Jewish people whom I gladly belong with whose mentality I have a deep affinity have no different quality for me than all other people.
As far as my experience goes there are also no better than other human groups although they're protected from the worst cancers by lack of power. Otherwise I can't see anything chosen about them.
But they do make great deal. Bloomsbury spokesman Richard Katen said the auction house was 100% certain or letters authenticity it's being offered at auction for the first time by private vendor.
John Brook emeritus professor of science and religion at Oxford University said the letter lens wait to the notion that Einstein was not a conventional theist although he was not an atheist either.
Like many great scientists in the past he's rather quirky about religion and not always consistent from one period to another.
Born to a Jewish family in Germany in 1779 Einstein said he went through a devout phase as a child before beginning to question conventional religion at the age of 12.
In later life he expressed a sense of wonder at the university as mysteries what he called a cosmic religious feeling and famously said science without religion is lame religion without science is blind.
But he also said I don't believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil. My God created laws that take care of that. His universe is not ruled by wishful thinking but by immutable laws.
Works at Einstein believed that there's some kind of intelligence working its way through nature but certainly not a conventional Christian or Judeic religious view.
Einstein's most famous like is he is the special theory of relativity which makes the point that a large amount of energy could be released from a tiny amount of matter as expressed in the equation E equals MSc square but a repeat but a boot put about.
Einstein's music on science amused in science war piece and God helped make him world famous and a scientific legacy prompted time magazine name it's personally 20th century.
He said there's a lot of bubble mice he's out there look at that the one in the five are both two to one in the first race at Belmont.
That's your boy your buddy your close buddy buddy. He looks like I looked at plus some pictures in his Indian.
Okay. And I mean he looks in you know I mean after the answer really hot looking Indian people he's a correct guy.
Okay. You know I mean I'm not going to be depending on what he would look like.
Oh yeah. But on jockey's because they look cute. Oh my God. Sure. No of course not.
That's the way you're going to bet one in our case might as well because we got no racing form so we have no form to check out.
See even though you've been doing this for weeks you still have no understanding of how it is that.
No no no but I do have a racing form. You do have one? I told you.
I have a program. I'm sorry. I don't know. You said you have a program. Yeah. I guess there's a difference.
The racing form has the charts of the past performances. Oh.
That's the only way you can bet through a bread racing and tell him that's of course you got a tip.
Anybody there guy give you a tip? No. No. No. Well why not?
But I could get a steak tip if I want to. Don't you feel like alone or something?
I feel like no I got all these nice people around here. You do? Well they're all employees of QAA.
Well I like cool besides the Lee. Who else is there? Steve Sloan. I thought he's bailing.
He's got the engineer. He's going to eat lunch first. He's going to be jailing if he starts bailing.
Who else? Stephanie engineer Ian. Right. That's it.
Boy. I don't want to bring you out of a field but other than with your hands.
But it sounds pretty desperate to me. You sound distal. Do you hear the sirens are coming out?
I do. Can you actually hear it? Yeah they're coming for you.
Loud. Rockus.
This pool is good. Charlie B. But it's not one they can read very often on here because there's too many long choices like I said before.
145 votes Chris is unimpressed. What time do we change it? Like 11. Well it's not so bad. Not great.
Back when we had an audience man we'd already have like 500 on there. One is taking the late money now.
Isn't that the horse I picked? Without your Prado? How about Pras Prado?
About it. And Patricia we can play that if you had your music. You know? I don't.
Western sweep New York bread and Rihanna's jet. See the five is taking the excess of money there.
Which doesn't prove a damn thing. This is not a way to bet our horses. Whatever. It's half-assed. That's fine. Good enough for me.
Is it? Sure. So I think we're at about the one in the five over the one two three four.
Okay. As long as as long as you put that in language that we can write down and we're going to just pass a note to the people at the window.
Well how do they call this ad? I already. 105 and the first is the daily double already.
I already got what you said for that's two with four is eight bucks two dollar doubles eight bucks.
Now if you want a bit four dollar doubles. That way man it's eight no wait a minute that's a one that's 16 bucks.
Can you handle it? I can handle it. Say it again now. Steve. Well I'm not going to do it yet.
You got 49 minute old. Okay. All right. For Christ sake. No problem.
We're going to bet now what happens if somebody comes along and one of those horses goes like to two to five or something.
We'll handle it. You'll just make sure you have $1.1 on one and the odds goes zooming. We'll just write it down.
At least as he's on it. He'll take care of it. One. No I have not. Don't. Okay. That's what I've been saying.
I said that I'm not missing nothing. You don't want it. It is a toilet. I mean the casinos there. This is really beautiful casinos.
You just don't want to go outside. Okay. You go outside and you're like, oh I don't know. I think I want to go back inside real fast.
All right, a fox. Hello. I'm Bill Clinton and I want you to know that elderly voters won't vote for Barack Obama because people of that generation are too rate reasonable to fall for his rhetoric. Isn't that right, sir?
Hey, vote for Barack Obama because he's been. His bitch. His bitch. Blame. So today's medicine. You see. You should all respect the wisdom of your elders.
excuse me sir why don't you like Barack Obama?
I don't like him because he's a new camera to Patrick's.
It's all about experience and these experienced voters know that there's only one viable choice
come November and who do you support sir?
I guess I'm going to vote for Hillary even though she's a girl.
She's a Clinton.
I'm Bill Clinton.
I approve what this old guy just said.
Oh yeah I bet you do.
It's all over Obama.
It's all over.
Is it over?
It is.
Eight minutes till a post time at Chester's Herald.
I never even knew there was such a place for just amazing
how these things happen.
Bob and you being the big racing official not about you are.
I bought the early money went on the one with Kat Manzi.
You know the great Katel Manzi?
The Kat Man?
No.
You never get man Kruvus?
Yes I do.
What race has to drive in?
He's dead.
Is he really?
Oh yeah.
The Kat Man?
Yeah.
Is it bad?
It was in the shining.
Yes he was.
It was dead in there too.
It seems to be it seems to be following him around.
You had a lot of a lot of impact in that movie not.
The shadow of death.
Representative Ron Paul is still in the GOP race even drew 16% of the vote.
In the recent Pennsylvania Republican primary.
Now his supporters are planning to stage a revolt at the Republican
National Convention in September, possibly with the aim of securing
Paul at a primed-byte primetime speaking slide.
Conservative radio talk show is my Galadriel Trollo host of Fox and Friends
yesterday.
There's no question that this could be a major headache for John McCain.
Good.
Good. Obamas had so much tourists man.
They put every last or every albatross around his neck
speaking of racing.
John McCain will be well served to kind of reach out and give him an
dollar branch of the convention gallery continued.
Let him speak give him a rule because if these people are just
respected you know this combined with Bob Barr's announcement
that Barr now is running as a libertarian is just going to take votes
away from McCain and could be his master for the Republican Party.
Margaret says she's got top party uh
products.
Yeah?
Yeah probably for your penis you know.
Really?
Well that's most of the spam I get is assuming that all of us
every guy that's on there is like limp you know.
Yeah.
Limp.
I mean limp for us yes.
Yeah limp but no.
There are other targeting their audience.
Bob Barr recently said at Paul's success is having helped
inspire his own candidacy pointing to what Ron Paul has tapped
into in terms of reaching off a lot of young people in particular
and illustrating very clearly that in this day and age it's possible
to reach a lot of young people to the internet.
That's where Ron Paul is popular on the internet.
Everywhere else is like who what?
Han?
Democratic political consultant commentator Bob Bekel then joined
in the Fox discussion saying of Paul I think you ought to get a prime time
speech at a convention.
This is the only guy that has a bobble head down made for him that his head
doesn't move.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
I don't get it.
I was hoping you'd explain that to me.
There are nuts Bekel said of Paul supporters hasting to wait.
I don't mean nuts in a bad way.
There are nuts about their guy.
I think you ought to do it Mike Bekel concluded laughing.
I think it'd be great for you guys to have Ron Paul your convention.
It'll show some diversity of the convention out here.
Now it's a kind of diversity you need brother Bekel confirmed.
Try to beat the group that about.
Yeah.
Ron Paul.
I'm going to tell you man, unless the Democrats do something
all they will find out.
It's going to be really interesting to find out just how deep that
racial thing goes because keep in mind only in the primaries now.
Right.
Obama's only you know shooting for the nomination.
Well I think what?
Since he's only half black that only half the racist will vote against him.
Wrong.
Wrong.
I know.
I know.
Nothing in West Virginia.
Let's add a Kentucky to it.
It's it's it's it's interesting because West Virginia doesn't have any black people.
And I guess Kentucky they maybe they don't allow them.
Oh yeah.
We are what?
No, I'm agreeing with you.
I'm concurring.
I mean let's stop and think about it for a second.
West Virginia Charleston is the biggest city in West Virginia.
Why doesn't that the camp in like I guess?
I don't know.
The only city I know West Virginia.
And then Kentucky, Louisville, horrible place,
Louisville, Louisville, Frankfurt.
What are some other places in Lexington where they have the red mile horse country?
Only with the horses voted for.
I know who the horses asses voted for.
Surreilles.
Especially the old horses.
39 minutes to post time at Bellmont.
Is somebody going to go make that bed for you 16 bucks?
Yes.
I don't know whether I want to do that.
Just of whatever whatever we're ready.
We'll send Lee over there.
The one on the front.
I mean I always leave Lexington against chalk but I'm operating blind here.
I'm flying blind.
Wouldn't it be nice if I'm not?
Is Steve Stone going yet?
He's over on the other side of the room on the phone.
Doing what?
With his bookie fellow.
With his bookie fellow.
There's not the bed with his bookie.
You can bed right there all the different tracks man.
You got freehold going on in 12 minutes.
Chester and three suffocations in 23 minutes.
Bellmont and 38.
I tell you one thing.
If I would just sign up on this HBI thing on my ATV,
I can go online and get an account.
Yeah.
Give my credit card number and stuff.
I could be broke by the first of July.
Sweet.
No.
There you go.
It's a great idea.
It's a bad idea.
It's an excellent idea.
I sit here and I watch these races.
I'm probably one of the only people in the world
to watch his horse races that doesn't bed on.
Really?
Yeah, because I like to sport.
I love harness racing and third breads are you know
interesting for me from time to time.
Gotta say that because we're out of your Gulf Stream.
Right.
Well, I understand this.
You understand what?
Go in as fast as you can.
Oh, you're gonna stay.
You know, here we go.
You want to save.
He's got a bunch of three by five cars in his pocket.
Right.
And no matter what the subject is,
he's got a three by five car.
There you are.
Sorry.
Just whips it out in the car too.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't understand those bullet horses.
Why can't he?
Maybe one is fine.
If I have to.
I'm not bred there.
One.
Okay.
They're bred to trot and pace.
Okay.
That's what it's at.
That sounds like.
Just like all the different swimming.
I've been through this with all a million times.
I know.
Well, maybe if I had it,
I'd actually be racing.
Just like really racing.
Right.
If they didn't have to stop and hand off that baton,
they'd run a lot faster, wouldn't they?
Right.
But that's all part of it.
See, they all run as fast as they can.
That's right.
Person runs as fast as they can until they've handed it over.
Or just.
You're impossible.
Maybe if I actually
written a buggy.
I wonder, oh, look at that.
The one is even money.
Another cat man.
Cat Manzy.
He's got the hot horse.
Four to five.
Man, he has taken money like
a Naya Traws against chicken picker.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
I wonder who the race car is.
It hurts.
One in that chestered just a minute.
Sound like a.
You hear that?
Tester.
He had like a runaway S.
I just caught it.
I reached out and I grabbed it.
Did you?
Yeah, I caught the S.
Like tying it with our pole.
Sometimes you just got to reach out and grab it.
And grab that S.
Oh, that would be so nice.
That's something really.
And how about just a hug?
A kiss, a little tongue in or something.
A little squeeze.
A little grope.
A little squeeze.
Let me squeeze it.
Let me cup that.
Yeah.
Wouldn't that be wonderful?
I like the four horse in the first race alive.
I thought you're betting on Harris Chester.
It's too late anyway.
I think they're going to the gate.
There's Eric Odell.
How the hang in Eric.
And Georgie Nafjoon.
What's the five nine to one?
He got early money there.
Georgie Napalotano.
A great Florida family.
And the Palatine O'Racing family.
See, when it gets to our industry,
I think that I know what I'm talking about.
Okay.
I've been on it.
I don't need to understand it.
And is Dave Johnson calling tomorrow
in advance of the pretense?
Yes.
Great.
So what, you know, we got a great call coming up tomorrow.
That's the only call we need to say.
This is your final call for first race waitress.
Oh, there's Georgie Nafjoon's time.
In the red and the white.
There's about that three to five,
the current favorites.
Blue boy five to one.
Nine to one.
That's a kind of a quite accurate.
Desert Serbuel and Dragon King.
Double digits bar those.
What is that?
What did you just say?
I don't know.
Double digits.
What is this man talking about?
What we just talking about that?
Digits.
Yeah, digit.
I wonder if a midget's got a digit.
A bit of a digit.
But they're small.
Ask the jackeys.
They'll tell you.
But they're small.
One thing about some of them little guys, man,
they really just shock the daylights out of people.
Do they?
Well, I mean, if you're nosy,
we're sticking noses and where it don't belong.
Yes, Georgie Nafjoon.
11 to one.
The five.
Well, you ought to come up with a hundred bucks to win.
You got no chance.
The catman is one to two on the rail.
Oh my god.
One to two.
Prohibitive favorite.
That pays three bucks for two.
You don't want to bet that.
No.
No.
When it comes one to two, just draw on a toilet.
And we got a problem now because it's 1226.
Yeah.
And we should probably do the break, especially knowing that the
daughter is mortgaged.
Sure.
She's a fine car.
And he kind of racing, but never left.
They call the Pacers into line.
Well, one day open.
They open her.
And she's just there.
It's post time and the gate is rolling.
I was thinking about your friend, Joe Castello,
when I was taking a leak this morning.
Really?
What's wrong?
About when he, when I did my first show from Toronto,
and we told everybody, don't say Niels that in the studio yet.
And he went on here that night.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
And opened up a big stupid mouth.
That's your buddy, Joe Castello.
Always nice on the off.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, that's what he did.
He looked for that.
Did he really?
Not pissing you off, pissing people off.
Is that what you were, Castello's thing is going to work?
It was on the break.
There was nothing.
If there was nothing better to do, yeah, he would resort to that.
Starting gate is rolling, baby.
And they also got a pickup truck there.
Just got there with the metal.
I've never seen anybody to start.
Oh.
It's that red necky thing, man.
A pickup truck for the starting gate.
That is so bad.
Racing at a 1225 opener.
Where I can King showed speed from the outside,
blue boy from between horses and blue boy.
We'll go right to the front.
What do I tell you, the poor baby,
in the close port.
The inside and Dragon King backed off.
Just a bit, Michael's jewel.
And I tell you, the poor kid after I've honestly
said that.
I love the poor.
It's blue boy in front of length and a half
from Chris Fatty.
4-1-1-2.
On one blue ticket, a pocket baby.
On the top from Pat McHenry.
I can't wait to see.
Dragon King settles in mid-pack six from the front.
The Catman is the satisfied of two.
It's great, doesn't it, the only one to five.
It's a miracle.
He wants to be on the other side of the air.
He's got an equal quarter of, up on the eight.
And Ron, they come past us for the first time.
And Chris Fatty has made the front for the Catman
overtaking two point for the late.
Michael's jewel's in up close.
Third, pan-point accuracy just off the speed.
Now, tipping to the outside.
They never hurry up because I've only got a four hour show.
You can call that cover in so too.
Are you watching Mary's chest or not?
They're not showing.
They're not showing the lead.
And American peace remains the trailer.
And this octet raises through the bridge.
Where do they talking about, man?
They're not showing.
It's a way by a lengthening quarter from Blitzkopf.
It's a half a 15 seconds.
It's even 1-T-I-N-4, soft, straight.
Maybe they don't understand it either.
Chris Fatty opens up by a length of three quarters on the lead.
Wouldn't surprise me.
He's tracking for the pocket spot.
Pan-point accuracy continues to advance first over.
He's three lengths from the lead.
Now, Michael's jewel has no room.
Dragon King is taking a peak three wide and Dragon King.
Appeared to have put a few steps in there.
Catch the windstorm.
You're going to have five and a half seconds on a weekend.
Wild nasty break.
You've heard of it.
Adam Wyrish announces a kind of a child or what?
Three quarters in one twenty-six.
Some kind of a two four-way around the bar turn and Dragon King did make a break.
And right now, four's got a shot.
They make a break.
He's right there.
He already has found a delete in a lengthening quarter.
John Wyrish is a minute.
He wide blue boy toward the end.
That's a good big one.
The point accuracy is between horses and two and a half lengths off the lead.
No, he's a one-centre.
They turned from one fifty to go.
And Chris Fatty is digging in blue boy entered.
All out drives toward the inside catch the windcenter of the track.
Panpoint accuracy.
Had no room for status.
But in virtual 24 go catch.
Trump 29 to QM.
This man is speaking in sport hall.
And this man is speaking in sport hall with a touch of sport hall.
Would you like to speak sport hall too?
It's kind of fun and so easy to do.
First, remove your brain.
You'll hold on top.
And just add water.
Then simply place your brain back in your head.
And call 1-800-I-Worship-Monosolovic-Morons.
For a free one-page pamphlet called DUMAS.
Defining sycophantic closet homosexuals of radio station owners
who kneel at the altar of criminals that become multi-millionaires
by playing a simple-minded child's game.
Remember, the next time you pay $500 to fill up your car's truck,
make sure your radio is tuned to an all-sports format.
Stay dumb and call 1-800-Sports is the only thing that matters.
That's 1-800.
Right. I just had a tremendous inspiration.
Are you still with me?
I'm right here.
That's a digit.
Yeah.
We have one minute to post on a freehold.
Why sure?
They don't have that moron-lurry litterman
calling the races of the freeholded amateur.
Want to be comedians?
Sit down comedian Jackass.
But anyway,
yeah, I was thinking since we've already got us down to numbers
that nobody ever dreamed of before,
we can whittle those down to almost nothing.
I'm sure.
Why not?
As we're else's API thing here,
we could create a races on the show all day.
Sure.
Since that's the last thing in the world of a hockey
that anybody in South Florida wants to hear about.
Nothing that you could talk about could be more boring
than what to talk about on the rest of the station.
So why not?
Now, are you not going to sports nerds again?
Yes.
Good.
Especially those people who talk about the freaking
Marlins man and suck up to that damn organiser.
They can't drive.
That organization is rotten to the core man.
Rotten.
That damn David Samsung and that Jeffrey Luria.
I didn't even like his damn stores.
That Luria.
No, service merchandise is way better.
I told you about my experience of Luria's where they had,
I wanted to deliver you something.
They didn't deliver.
Oh, you got to go out and buy a pickup truck
and then you could take the table home.
You know, just strap it to the top of the truck
with some crap like that.
Get them out of here.
Get them out of here.
Yeah, I got out of there.
I'll ride and never came back.
There was some other place in Halea where I went to buy furniture
or something like that and they also gave me a bunch of
I think they didn't like me as well.
What it was?
It was just fine.
They're not the only ones.
Uh oh.
What?
I'm positive this is going to be Larry Letterman
called Feehold.
He just makes me feel unclean
as part of the subhuman race.
I don't have the entries for Feehold because I didn't bother
a remission with it.
Just as well.
But there it's the top of the stretch.
You're on the way to the start.
And...
There they come.
It's him.
All right.
We'll think it's tried and the stretch went as well.
Jiggle, I'll start the rain.
Now in a breath.
It's all the sturd in my muffled and I can't hear it.
That's him.
Thinks he's a comedian.
Everything is some big joke.
Ah ha ha ha.
And he's about as funny as an instant heart attack as a instant fatal heart attack.
That's Larry Letterman, Covman Dreard.
In day four of a Washington Post series, careless detention.
It's revealed that the US has injected hundreds of foreigners without their consent.
With dangerous mind-altering drugs for church-determining in their home countries,
according to government documents, medical records and interviews
that some of the actual people who were drugged that they did.
They thought they were going on a one kind of trip and they were going on two.
Do I mean by that?
Frameshure you do.
From the report, the government's forced use of anti-sodicotic drugs and people who have
no history of mental illness, including dozens of cases in which the pre-flight cocktail,
as the document calls it, had such a potent effect that federal guards needed a wheelchair
to move the stompy towards the end of an airplane.
Unsteady gate fell on a tarmac, as a medical note on the deportation of a 38-year-old woman,
to Corsarica in the late spring 2005.
Another detainee was dragged on to Island handcuffs, semi-comatose,
according to an airline crew member's written account.
Repeatedly documents describe immigration guards taking down a reluctant deportee
to be tranquilized before heading to an airport.
In a Chicago holding cell, who's that on the lead there?
I don't have any idea who that driver is.
So that's the gymatina sidebed.
Who?
You don't know.
I don't know.
And I'm not seeing that.
You're not seeing freehold either?
Harnels racing.
They don't want to show that it goes through.
It's bad for business.
I got Southlake and Belmont.
They don't want to show the buggy horses.
Repeatedly documents describe immigration guards taking down a reluctant deportee
to be tranquilized before heading to an airport.
In a Chicago holding cell, early one evening in February 2006,
five guards piled up on top of 49-year-old man who was angry he was going back to Ecuador,
according to a nurse's account in his deportation file.
As they pinned him down so the nurse could punch a needle through his coveralls
into his right buttock, one officer stood over him menacingly and taunted night.
Such episodes are among more than 250 cases of the Washington Post's
identify which the government has without medical reason,
given drugs meant to treat serious psychiatric disorders,
the people that has shipped out of the U.S. since 2003,
the year the Bush administration handed the job in deportation
of the Department of Homeland Security's new immigration and customs enforcement agency known as ICE.
In voluntary, chemical restraints to detain East and West's
a medical justification is a violation of some international human rights codes.
The practice is banned by several countries,
where confidential documents make clear U.S.
escorts have been unable to inject deportees with extra doses of drugs during
layovers on route to faraway places.
Federal officials have seldom acknowledged publicly that they
said they'd people for deportation.
The few times officials have spoken of the practice,
they've understated in portraying sedation as a rare and active last resort,
neither as true records and interviews indicate.
The most frequently used drugs in the sedation cocktail are halbal and anti-psychotic
medication that gave notoriety in the Soviet Union,
where was often given to protocol dissidents in prison and psychiatric hospitals.
Anivan used to control anxiety and cogentin a medication that supposedly
lessons held all side effects of muscle spasms and rigidity.
I'm getting soaked up of us.
The medically recommended dosage for the helled-out alone from the report.
For aggressive behavior, half a milligram twice a day to five milligrams three times a day,
although doses of up to 10 milligrams a day may be used in a hospital emergency room.
The US made flight layovers doing some trips with sedated detainees,
and as there are four nations that forbid the practice,
the report also details some run-ins between flight nurses from foreign officials,
which in one instance resulted in tainee being returned to Atlanta from a layover
in France in your parents.
Saibon Medications is another thing on my, uh, my, uh, crackberry.
He should forward that to the people that, uh, you know, to the government.
No, that's right.
Saibon's anti-psychotic medications from some bogus pharmacy.
Here are some of these deals.
Might be good.
Maybe I'd save a lot of money on all my peels.
You know, I take all these drugs.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Blood pressure, dye, babies, all that stuff.
Maybe I'd save a lot of money.
But I'm just so pissed off that they keep spamming me.
Yeah.
Here's the second race that Harris coming up already.
Who the hell's that driver there?
Oh, Georgie is the junior.
He's doing-
Where's Larry Fry trained by Brian Rowan's driven by Daniel Dubet?
No, Danny Dubet.
Do we do we do?
Well, it's coming up.
It's like 12 minutes to post on the doughnut.
There's Eric Adele.
My Albert Hatted Fry by Goyne.
Three of five minutes by Eric Adele.
Number three is one Mars Hansom.
Are you into this now?
You're going to go.
I'm going to go in the right way.
Thomas O. Layman.
Thomas O. Layman.
My God.
Man's the number four is move it.
You've been trying to sweep the double.
Obviously.
What do you think?
Two of the parade.
Sweep the-
Give me a broom and sweep this.
I will still go with that, uh, that bet.
So far.
Okay.
I haven't made the bet.
Well, I got to go.
I got to look into your prices now.
Can we finish the post-braids?
There's a Bibi Roberts, man.
Jonathan Roberts.
I told you that one for in the first race.
Do you know you could have bet the exact bet.
I bet you paid at least three.
Eighty.
Whatever.
Steve took the lead over to the betting window.
They gave him a seminar and introduced him to.
Well, the lady is he's all down for it.
He's down on it.
He's down on it.
Well, there's Andy Miller.
And.
And on the outside.
Oh, ten teeth.
Oh, I get the creeps.
He's great.
He's one of many races and I get the creeps.
And he's like from Mars.
He's a space man.
Space cadet.
Now, this is going to be the last time we start
that we can do this because this is like just a tune out.
They don't care about this crap.
Don't you understand?
They don't care.
Yeah, well, we don't care.
I don't care.
You don't want to?
We can't do anything.
We can't do anything exciting anymore.
Anyway, this isn't exciting.
This is Ponderant.
Even the calls were better than this.
Now, don't say nothing.
You can't take back later.
Well, hotels.com.
Last day to use your free night coupon.
This thing is just buzzing up the storm.
The world is stuff about spam the more I get.
That Tim Tetrick man, he's from outer space.
There's something really strange about him.
And it got some in Shpaha.
Where the hell did he come from?
Strange.
213 votes on Chris's Pro-Abetia Chris's in a coma.
Huh?
What's his name?
Lums Estava.
You're a Roger.
That's a word that leaves me to the camera.
The fourth leader.
God, STD Layton Sturt Joyce.
Approved by Joyce.
Fertzounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling stands.
Approved by Joyce.
Word containing the word bad.
Rejected by Joyce.
Directile dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Tuba sounds resembling Fertzounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Blitons Fort related pagerie.
And sports show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Fertzounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
The human race rejected by Joyce.
Or is it the other way around?
Both.
1247 and 560 WQM.
Get out there and see George until 2 o'clock in the middle.
You know what I guess it's too late for that now.
Well, I didn't read this other thing.
Okay.
We got so many liners, you know.
Nothing could be tried to then to read a corny liner.
WQAM.
Bruce Ross Marr-Holly Davidson.
South Day Dodge presents the 105 days of Holly.
You could be one of 56 winners of a 2008
holiday at Holly Davidson Motorcycle to register
with any Bruce Ross Marr-Holly or South Day Dodge.
You're any hooter's location or log onto WQAM.com.
On the right hand side of the QM website,
you scroll down there and you'll find something about it.
That thing of that promo there about my appearing at
the, he rarely makes public appearances.
That's right.
What is that?
That's another big deal.
By the way, yeah.
We, and by we, I mean Steve Sloan before,
he loved trying to send you a picture of the poster.
So I'd like really like to see what kind of picture actually showed
up in your inbox.
Oh.
Because you know how it, that's always fun, yes.
Oh, that Steve Sloan, man. He's a real card.
Well, they're off at seven downs as they wait for the first turn.
How many cares?
Well, here's actually something came true.
That's pretty exciting.
That's a good start.
Yeah.
Probably Steve again standing in front of the sales department
or a door or something better.
With Todd Direct's head in his hand.
Who knows what pictures are in there?
Let's see, you have a picture from my bubble ball.
Okay, where is it?
Where's the picture?
I don't know.
And then they may not know how to use his own phone.
He doesn't.
You have a picture, but the message didn't come out.
It's got these square little thing with the red and white and blue, you know.
It didn't come out.
Great.
All right.
Oh no, there it is.
Oh, show images.
Okay.
There's the Will as a way.
Look at that.
Neil Rogers live in a breezeway bar three.
If I, that's excellent.
A Gulf Stream did that?
Yes.
They're going to be all over the place.
Our friends at Gulf Stream.
At least they're promoting us.
They rub you.
They're like, wait.
Oh, they spelled my name wrong though.
Neil Rogers, N-I-E-L.
Really?
Did we lose the line?
Those are collector items.
They've got to get me one.
Done.
Nile Rogers. Well, I'm glad that I'm not expected to be. There's some guy named Nile.
Well, then he's getting... Here's the second race at Harris. They're approaching the start.
And they're off. Vendosh Dying Slow to Begin. Vendosh Dying. Before outside.
Really nasty, well. He's joined by Wendt Mars Hansen from the center of the track
and Bud Ross between... What is it? Tractor's breaking all over the place.
I'm so made of breaking stride. You're having a jump in your skits.
And brilliant success clear. So the front from Wendt Mars Hansen.
Bud Ross is just off the speed in third, two and a half lengths clear of astro hall.
To Gap of Two, back to Begin. Oh, then...
Oh, then Ben, with Spaceman.
And Tinty Gritchon. Oh, they're back to the floating Vendosh Dying.
And after the break.
It's an amazing, crazy, amazing, amazing, amazing.
The whole wheel. Open in quarter-wine in 28 seconds, even.
They come past us for the...
Well, we don't want to hear that.
Okay, so let's take a look and see the odds at the bell mod. Okay.
Let's get ready for this.
The one went up to three to one. The two is three to one, which we left out.
Oh, who's the two? Who's the Duce?
Little Duce. Oh, careful.
We have Arcoa. Alright.
And Pudu. That's the Florida horse. Pudu.
Alright, so we made my bet.
So it's too late to turn back now.
And the five is the favorite. Five or two.
That's Rajiv Maraj.
Or how are you saying his name? Is that how you say it?
I don't know how you say engine name. Rajiv, I'm sure he's right.
I'm sure.
Well, we got so many engine people.
A lot of Pudu, I'm sorry.
So you got to get inside track on the engines.
You're going to have to find that out.
I've had an inside track on some engines over...
Did you?
Yeah, a couple.
What time?
The Indians or the American Indians?
Not the Native American Indians.
Oh, why not?
I never ran into any.
Really?
Never ran over any.
True.
But the people from India are very interesting.
As long as they don't smell, as long as they were born here, you know.
They don't have that karee aroma.
Oh, that can really put you in a coma.
That karee aroma.
So I think what we need to do is take the brake early.
Okay.
I want to like screw up and be coming to middle of the race.
That's right. That's the last one.
That's right.
Now I wonder if Tom Durkin's working today.
Four with 50 yards to go.
I don't know.
So anyway, what?
You know, they put those posters right here on the premises and so they're going to fix it.
It's not like they ordered a thousand of them from outside somewhere.
They come in their switch shop in there.
I don't know.
Those were the prototypes, I guess.
The prototype?
Yes.
Nile Rogers live in the...
See, I didn't notice it at first because I was so impressed by the fact that
somebody actually did something with my push on there would still look all that bad.
Well, actually had some here in that picture.
I have to worry Chris.
We got one for the studio.
All right, good.
We should get a couple of them.
Yes, we should.
Put them up around the whole thing.
Seven minutes till post time at Belma, we better do the break.
You're just like,
you're actually sure to hold it.
But you can't lie.
You're really good.
I'm a big,
I am a big,
fourth leader.
So why don't you do our...
Lie then Chicago.
Oprah.
Madonna speaks out.
I'm so desperate.
Madonna's side of the story.
Thank you for asking me to do the show.
Did you see it, darling?
Did you like girls?
I made love to two women at the same time.
Wow.
It was a challenge.
I can relate to lots of things.
I can't figure out what that feels like.
I like sex.
It's like food.
One hamburger at a time.
Do you have like a penis implant?
Yes, they do.
That's really amazing.
Yeah.
It looks like a small penis.
It's pretty shocking.
Do you like road testicles too?
About 38.
Thank you.
Oh, that Oprah Maxisa real card.
Okay, 12.58 and pressure is building in the two.
Is it going to lay money now?
Two went down to five to two.
Two is the second choice.
Yeah.
You got to beat the doose.
Okay.
The pew-dew.
The E-bar co-ahorse.
Pew-dew.
The Ford and Brad.
Uh-oh.
Well, that's good.
Maybe the one,
the doubles of the one will be okay.
They'll be decent.
Okay.
And the five is your engine junkie.
Are we going to...
Is this a daily double that, uh...
that we bet here?
Well, what do you think it is?
I don't know what it is.
That's why I got you.
You have the one and the five in the first race.
Okay.
One, two, three, four and the second race.
Okay.
All right.
Your two dollar don't get it.
I'll give it my ticket to you.
Is that what you got?
That's what I got.
One and a five.
Would a one, two, three, four and if the two wins
the first race you've screwed, you're on 16 bucks.
Oh, well.
But then we can bet the second race all by itself.
Yeah, but I got free lunch.
Oh, then that's what counts.
That's two, man.
I'm really worried about that pew-doo.
Now we're going to get the bell-monthing on here or what?
The horse is average.
It's trying to get through at the post.
That sounded like Tom Durkin to me.
I think I'm really worried about him.
I wonder if he's...
I think he's a heavy smoker.
He sounds like he's got him for a swimmer.
Yeah.
He's been breathing.
I hear him calling the races on this channel.
And he's like gasping for oxygen.
Yeah.
Do you think?
I don't know.
I don't want to hear something like that.
Waiting for me, Hannah's jet.
Are you dancing and Wendelia?
It's Tom Durkin.
He's working.
And you've got to one on the five.
Okay, everybody root for George.
Okay, cross your fingers and cross your legs.
If anybody needs the cash,
or the one in Chris,
it's George.
One more.
Get that seven in there.
See what I mean?
All of these horses are going in like they know what they're doing.
They're in the gate.
They're in the gate?
So I say...
Okay.
Not the two.
Maybe the docile.
Got to get a lesson again.
No, no, no, not yet.
And they're off.
Two jake rafting.
Two jake rafting.
Two jake rafting.
Two jake rafting.
Two jake rafting.
And it's true to do to do the leaders.
If he comes out running in second,
rest in sweep on the inside third.
There is Vienna's jet.
Moving to fourth now.
Are you dancing?
Fifth on the outside and the early trillers
will be Wild Buck Erboh and one dillia.
They hit the far turn.
Pew do pressed by Zippey through a quarter in 22 and 45 seconds.
Western sweep ran as jet and I you're dancing.
Running third, fourth and fifth.
Break up another five back to one dillia.
I think George lost.
Wild but if it was not dropped back to be the trillers,
there's three for longs to go.
It's Pew do nearly still sparring.
With Zippey,
there's room at the inside for Western sweep to come on through.
And now the field turns for home.
Pew do Zippey.
Western sweep at the rail.
Land is jet there on the outside.
Wild but Erboh now commencing a rally.
Five links from the lead.
There's a full on to go and Zippey's now in front.
Zippey, Zippey has far away to the lead.
Pee my hand.
Fadling on but second is Pew do.
Rangann is jet.
You lost.
Wild but Erboh.
Western sweep back to fifth.
Zippey up to my quinter.
Pew do.
Bad you've lost.
This is both around like well.
We have another race I could lose some money on that right?
Yeah the second race we have to do some money on that.
Let's see how much I could lose.
Okay.
All right.
That's unfortunate.
You're not alive in the W.
You're dead.
Does it?
How did Zippey?
Zippey.
Yeah.
How was Zippey?
I don't know.
With Channing Hill.
Oh what did I tell you?
But I bet I'm the uh,
Channing the chicks.
Jesus God Almighty, there was your chance.
See that's what you should have been.
I was worried about the India guy and you should have been worried about her.
Channing Hill.
Give you a thrill.
When's the life that I have two lines going away?
So Georgia's out 16.
Oh well.
I got more.
I've got more.
We'll chase it than that.
We'll chase it.
That's right.
That's what's going in.
Good.
I want to know what you terms.
Chasing your money.
Second race we'll get to it.
I'll hand you crap at doing embrace.
Sweet.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't.
I can't have a pick a number.
A little bit lower.
We'll pick some names.
Names and numbers and colors.
251 votes on our poll, Chris.
I would read the result except for the fact that, you know,
well, you know, the choices are too, they're too lengthy.
There are too many.
It's a great poll.
But there are too many choices that are wrong.
You could reflect the top three, like too married.
Oh, for them.
The real bummer about encountering an attractive stranger is,
I'm too married 71.
For this can't reach out and touch them 42.
I'm too shy to approach in 38.
I'm usually told for them 25.
I'm too unattractive ever a chance with the 19.
Well, of course, of course, I'm a hot young thing there at the woodbine.
I'm sitting there just drooling.
I'm just salivating.
My heart is beating like a snare drum.
And they look at me like, look at that old queen over there.
Look at that old troll.
That old leering at me, huh?
Old leering latch.
No, it's really, yeah, they're all latched leering.
It's really bad when you're like staring at somebody
and they know you're staring at them.
That's not good.
You have to be a little more clever than that.
You're different kind of taking me sunglasses, work charms.
Oh, is that doing?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I don't think I'm going to be wearing sunglasses inside a woodbine.
I'll be a little bit tacky, a little obvious.
Really?
Although I know some people even in the wintertime
they wear sunglasses.
I don't know what that's all about.
Drugs.
Is it snow is bright?
Is that what it is?
Sure, man.
Snowblownness.
Sure.
Jesse Jackson says marketing won't hide
GOP's lack of ideas for real change.
Well, that's a shame you never even had like a...
I thought the five might come on air and do a little something.
He did something.
He looked at his tail, did a little something on the track.
A big pile.
I guess the second race are going to have to go for
maybe we'll pick a long shot.
Sure, what?
The three with Kentis Sormo.
Right or a big brown.
All right.
Or we could bet the third race at the Harris.
Hey, let's do it all.
I can't see that though.
I got Suffolk and Belmont.
That's how they're showing up here.
No, you don't get no harness racing on there.
Sorry.
Jesse says news travels fast in Washington,
but understanding takes a lot longer.
It isn't news that Americans are unhappy with the way things are going.
President Bush suffers recordal approval.
80% of the country thinks the economy is bad and getting worse.
Most want to get out of the cross-lay endless mess in a rack.
Most are struggling with incomes that can't keep up with
soaring prices for gas, food, electricity, and health care.
One in nine homes is now underwater worth less than its mortgage.
Every politician has learned that people want change,
but understanding what that means takes longer.
Americans are looking at a country in serious trouble.
We're looking for leaders not politicians who can bring us together to get things done.
This isn't rocket science, but it seems hard to absorb in Washington.
Consider Republicans in Congress.
They lost big time in 2006.
29 incumbents took a look at the polls and decided it was time to retire.
They've suffered stunning defeats and special elections
in former House Speaker Denny Hashtag District, Illinois,
and amazingly a Louisiana District previously won by Republicans
and over with overwhelming majorities.
Former House Speaker knew Congress warns that they're headed for a
real disaster if they don't change what they're doing.
Again, pretty obvious stuff.
But Representative John Veda, the Republican minority leader,
clearly doesn't get it.
He's put out a slide to reassuring his troops
that they can do well this fall.
Most of it's about partisan mechanics.
Raise money, contribute to the party, coordinate efforts, help on another route.
But when it gets to talking about the country what Americans want, it's clueless.
Vaynercees, elections, a marketing challenge.
Our brand is under references, but we can bring it back.
How will they do this?
Vayner figures Republicans can win this fall by becoming the party of change.
In a memo sent to every member of the Republican caucus he wrote,
the American people we say that Republicans will liberate the change of deserve.
He's intent on rolling out a new agenda this week, and next, they will capture that mantle.
Republicans in Congress backed by Bush's veto threats of obstructed virtually every reform
since Democrats took over control in 2007.
They have felt about it against providing health care for children,
against ending the war and Iraq, and sending subsidies to big oil,
and investing in renewable energy, against negotiating more prices on prescription drugs as well.
In recent weeks Vaynerce led his party in a policy of delay and distraction,
forcing the House to vote repeatedly on motions to adjourn simply to delay votes.
The Republicans even switched votes and honoring mothers on Mother's Day simply to put sand in the gears.
Now, after months and months of this Vaynerce, a new agenda will re-brand Republicans as the party of change.
Perhaps Americans are as dense as Vaynerce thinks, perhaps just a little nuke paint,
a bumper sticker slogan, a show agenda, and bitterly partisan attack politics,
can once more draw the lines and save Republican incumbents from defeat this fall.
But this year, Americans are tuned in. They know things are working.
They're looking for leaders not used platform salesmen.
They know that special interest in partisan posturing,
haven't locked up Washington, and they might not just be ready to accept
the party of obstruction selection, your conversion as the party of change.
That's what Jesse Jackson be saying.
Got it? Got it.
Third race in Harris coming up. I don't know why you've got me on all these erases now.
Something to do.
But the audience is money here about it.
They hate it.
Yeah, they don't want to hear about anything else on the station too.
That starts.
Ready for it, start.
Okay, third race.
I didn't print these out.
Are you ready?
And they're off.
Awesome wonder left well from the center of the track.
Yarborough had over from between horses,
went by Wright's doctor.
He could be a day over 200.
Jack Pantas are the, it's on.
Some wonder trying to leave from Yarborough had over.
And Wright's off to the outside with the IP vacation.
On close fourth, just three lengths off the lead.
It's two lengths back to Petite with CJ's crown next to one.
He said that, but we're going and triple T dawn.
Is that the back of the pack if they race to the opening quarter.
Wright socks and yellow and blue on the outside takes the lead from awesome wonder.
The opening quarter was 29 and three.
They come past us for the first time.
Awesome wonder why my practice.
I don't know.
I can't see it.
Those two dual pass three eighths.
They're tracked by.
I know they're not in a fashion of.
The IP vacation is just off the speed three.
Jack Pantas, I believe with the chalk, you paid five.
And his crown on the front.
I'm going to have to remember who knows.
John Gazero.
He's on the outside.
He's doing a done a brainer.
Man, he's going on the half.
I'm on the bottom.
Awesome wonder.
Through a half of 59 and two across the.
Okay, go cash on a five.
And I had that one.
Of course, race is no real.
He's a lock.
Got it.
Got it.
So what are we going to do in the second race of the monitor about one 30 1.5?
I got me.
I got me some chicken bones and I'm going to cast them during the break and see what's in the
bone.
I'm going to cast some bones.
See, I wish I had a racing form.
I wish I had the lines from.
I'm sure you can go online and get that crap.
I don't know where to find it.
What about idea you had voting on what's the name of Kentisorma?
Really?
All of a sudden George is an expert now in the Kentisorma road dig down.
And we're riding again Saturday in the weekness.
Here's what I can do.
Repeat it.
Oh, here comes the juice out of the pocket.
Now I think this Jack Parker is going in the tank.
Dude, my short-term memory still works.
I think 670-year-old Jack Parker is in the tank at 8 to 5.
You've done an annual job.
And I'm on the one to try to fend off your arbor.
I had over the final 16th and VIP vacation in the center.
I can't say you can't be the old wonder as Andy Horser opened the year.
The Jack Parker horse one.
So you actually had even a hundred bucks on the five.
He was a lot.
Now what are you saying?
Huh?
Kentisorma?
Yeah.
Sounds great.
Oh, it's not even up on here now because there's got two Churchill bonds.
This is the first to post in five minutes first race.
So what's the price on the three horse of Belmont?
Have you got the boards for the Belmont?
They're the odds.
Nine to one.
Really?
Yep.
Who's the Chalk the one?
Favorite?
Four.
The four.
Georgie Chavez and Cool Tales?
Good Jackie.
There's a lot of good Jackie's in this race.
What about the one?
What's the odds on the one?
The six is three to one.
The what though?
The one is side to one.
The six is three to one.
He's eight to one in the morning.
And that's Rajeev Mirage.
Maybe he'll get lost again out there like he did in the first race.
Maybe he'll have another magical mystery tour like he did in the first race for you.
Rajeev, whatever your name is.
Go back to Angiaman.
There were some curry on your nose.
Punjabman always be worthy.
Punjabman.
The more than the time you've been alive,
the more than the five sixty-two I am.
The fourth leader.
It's been about thirty years since his last cubic appearance
before catching a plane to Canada to escape South War of Delizlo.
But now, after discovery that Canada dry soda is actually made in Plano, Texas,
Neil Rogers is back Saturday, May 17.
See Neil Rogers and George Rodriguez live at Gulfstream Park in Casino
in prestigious Howandale, three to five pm during the Prickness Simulcast.
Free Neil and George T-shirts and posters will be given away.
That'll fast as you can in a tricycle race to win an Orlando weekend get away.
This could be your last chance to see the man who lives in Canada,
yet bravely chooses to eat microwavable bacon.
Don't miss Neil Rogers and George Rodriguez Saturday, May 17,
three to five pm at Gulfstream Park in Casino.
Hey Neil, this is Randy West and as for our phone conversation,
I talked to Peter Northy of the day.
He tells me your real name is Neil Down.
And he's still ain't interested.
He was an ordinary Saudi down on his luck,
until a twist of fate endowning with all the powers of Allah.
It's the feel good hit of the summer.
Ahmed Al-Mighty.
How does Allah defraze?
I mean I defraze.
Ha, I can do anything.
It's funny.
I woke up this morning and I swear my tooth's out there.
It is through now.
Come on them up or face the wrath of me.
From the director of Infidel Liar, Infidel Liar,
comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times the day towards the box office.
It's Ahmed Al-Mighty.
Ha, I'll shine you filthy dog.
You'll not be being unstopped.
P.I. Slor like the rest of us.
Ahmed Al-Mighty, it's Allah you could ask of a movie cavity.
Ahmed, it's Allah.
You've had my power for a little over the week now.
How many people have you held?
Oh my well man.
Nobody.
Perfect.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ahmed Al-Mighty.
Now flying into a movie theater near you.
I've got the power.
116-5, 16-WDQM.
Little George is out there galling.
He's $16.
Poor.
A fool has money.
He's a student farted now.
So foolish as they get.
So let's lose some more.
Or you've got the fever.
I can tell that this is a very bad day.
And then once I come out there Saturday
and I get you playing a soncil a little bit.
And I'll probably get lucky and find me a good machine.
I don't know.
My hair's already turned white so I'll just get ready.
The fact that they knew that the Steve couldn't find
quick hit or was the other one he hauled.
He-he, he-he, he-he, he-he.
Oh, you might be there.
He wasn't up there a long time.
He's a clueless man.
That's another story.
Is he still there?
No, he's gone.
We can start ripping him down.
Well, like I'm not going to rip him just because he was there.
Although he didn't manage to send that picture
and it's a good thing too because they have Nile Rogers.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Collector's items.
Nile Rogers, a person who goes for NIL.
NIL.
Wait, it's a good thing my name isn't like
um, quasi-moto or something like that could be but-
That's right.
How-how would they spell that?
Wrong.
How many Z's?
God.
NIL, well I looked at that thing and in the beginning
you don't even notice it.
And then all of a sudden it's just done to me.
What's wrong with this picture?
I don't see any odds here on the-
They'll- they'll change it here.
I go too many tracks going.
Yes.
Cast your suffering down.
Churchill, freehold.
No, Ma.
The three is a eight to one now.
You're going to bet five dollars across the board on three.
Okay.
And it goes off like seven to one sixteen.
Yeah, you'd need to be ahead.
You make some money.
I don't- I don't know.
I have a great-
He's only six to one in a morning.
No, that is not even part of my ignorance.
You know, I'm-
I'm waiting for you to play some show.
Five dollars across the board.
That's- so that's fifteen dollars.
That's correct.
I think I'd only be out thirty one bucks if he lose.
And even if he attracts show money,
you should get your money back.
That's right.
For this room.
I think we'll have a lot of beer to make that up.
Tell me about another Rubin.
Okay.
What do you want for the bond?
Tell him to put him in a bag to take home.
Tell me you got a big family to feed.
I do.
I'll be feeding them tonight for free.
Feed him to the dog.
Take about a half a dozen Rubins home.
And it'll make it worth a while for the thirty one bucks you're in there.
I got a free meal lined up for tonight too, so I'll get it.
Do you really?
Yes, I do.
Can we say on here where it is or not?
Yeah, because they're going to be a-
a meal deal at some point.
A meal deal, the Saratoga downtown Hollywood.
On the cereal there.
Yeah.
And what kind of food is that?
It's a restaurant.
A italiano.
Oh, all right.
I'll tell you one thing, man.
I'm going to be down there a few days,
but I got a lot of eaten to do, especially that
the famous Italian.
I have a cure.
Now you tell me it's in the Promenade Chuffs.
Yeah, you should be able to find it if you're not as dim as that person.
But by the way, a ponytail call, just calling that is.
Yes, we shouldn't call it ponytail anymore because it's been a while since he's had one.
And it's said that there's a real kosher, good,
deli on Sheridan somewhere and I wrote it down.
What does I want to go there?
Levi's or Levies, he says-
Levi Harner?
What races he'd be right?
People say don't.
People say don't.
I got people here that say don't do it.
And what about the famous Navantura?
Do they know?
No.
Oh.
The menu looked awesome.
I mean, that doesn't say how the food is,
but the menu had everything that a Jewish boy could want.
Well, almost.
So the people are there.
Now, let me ask you, you've got people there.
I mean, not out of people, right?
I got some people here.
Okay.
Well, one thing you'd be tipping the second race, maybe we can put up those kind of people.
They don't know from racing.
Well, what kind of people are they?
What are you talking about?
The ends of the show kind of people.
You're in a race track.
They came out of the race track.
I was putting in our audience, they came out of the race track.
That's right.
They know nothing.
The hook.
That's right.
The hook.
You're learning along with us.
You're teaching us all.
God, all right.
So we're going to stick with the three.
I sure wish I could see the two-board from-
Why don't they put it up there just to piss me off?
Is that the-
I think so.
Churchill bounces off, field is off,
Belmont, the damn thing should be up there already for Christ's sakes.
What is wrong with his damn HPI?
And they're showing freehold again.
Oh, dropped in third.
And here's the top-line of operating-
What's the fourth?
My side, Mara, round the back.
Good.
The picture just throws up.
Good. That's an omen.
They're trying to give you a message, Larry.
You suck.
You're an embarrassment.
Oh, Belmont.
Here we go.
Twelve minutes to the second race.
The four is the chuck.
Let me take a look at the entries.
Okay?
Okay.
Four is cool tales with Georgie Chavez.
Jorge.
Tete Chavez.
The one is a-
Oh, man.
Morning line favorite.
Sacred eye comedy.
He's not taking too much money with John Velasquez.
Great jockey, but five to one.
Two is four to one.
Sapphires with eyes with Abarco.
Three, uh, Kendasomo and Windication is eight to one.
And the trainer is Scott Schwartz.
No, Scott Schwartz?
Yeah.
Not the same one.
I don't think so.
What happened to Laura?
I'm sure they're still married and last we heard they were up in Orlando
somewhere.
Or weren't they?
Or something like that?
You're asking me or telling you?
Oh, I'm asking you if that's what I told you a long time ago.
Like I would remember something you told me a long time ago.
Like I do?
Like I would.
Let's see.
The six horses only three to one.
There is the horse that's taken some real suspicious money if you asked me.
Really?
I don't know.
I'm lost here.
Oh, I'm missing.
I'm missing something.
I'm missing the morning line on this horse.
No, he's eight to one.
Eight to one in the morning line.
He's three to one with Rajeej Maura, your engine hero.
What's up?
There's one thing we know about QAAM.
It's a real...
And Kankila?
That's right back in the days when we had Mifo.
He's out of station by the way doing mornings that nobody has an idea where it was at 640,
850, 1400, the 1990 on the dial.
Nobody knows.
Nobody knows.
Mifo and nobody cares.
Your backstabbing idiot.
When you're a corn ball horse crap,
the three is...
But you know something, we picked the A3 in the beginning and let's start with it.
I agree.
Let's stick with Kentus ormol.
Although Rajeej is, you know, after that crappy ride he gave the five in the first race.
I don't...
I wasn't that thrilled with the effort, you know what I'm saying?
I'm not saying...
I mean, the word stiff never comes to mind in horse racing.
No?
Well, I mean, it does, but you can't say that.
That's a bad thing to say, I see.
You're stiff.
I mean, you can say if you're betting, you're screaming, and you can't say...
Come on, you're stiff.
Show me some effort here.
He made a little move and then he flattened out.
You should have been on Channing Hill, I told you to stay out.
Stick with the chick.
Stick with the chick.
You know, listen to those rejoins.
Stick it, stick it, stick it, stick it, stick it.
Maybe that's what they're saying.
Stick it, stick it.
Yeah, stick it.
Well, we're going to have the six is five to two.
He's the one taking this suspicious money man.
Really strange.
But nevertheless,
nine to one on your three.
He's not that taken too much.
In fact, he's the third longest shot in the board.
But he's stick with him.
I'm going to.
You're going to give somebody somebody to bet?
Yeah, leave one, he gets back here.
Well, how do you know he's getting back?
I don't know, I don't know where he went.
Well, what if he doesn't come back?
I'll get somebody else in it.
You have a $20 horse in it.
I'm going to get somebody else to do it.
I'm going to get one is 20 bucks for two, baby.
I'll get somebody else to do it.
Well, you're going to give some stranger the money
and like they're going to disappear.
There'll be a lot of stranger in the people around here,
but yeah, far in front of somebody.
No tips though, huh?
No, no.
No tips.
No steak tips.
No racing tips.
Hey, don't forget we got jerks coming up
at the AAA arena this afternoon.
It's a big thing.
Now, how come there's no promo on that?
You got to be really parked off about that.
You were told why?
Well, what is it?
Was it neither worthy?
It's a Dunkin' Donuts free iced coffee deal.
Yeah.
With jerks at the AAA arena.
Yeah.
But there's nothing going on there, right?
Is this, he's in an empty place.
Listen, let's pretend there is.
Well, maybe he's what's going on.
Oh, the tree just got hit back to eight.
I like that. That's a good sign.
Tell Thle to give his ass back there.
Hopefully.
How much sound do I have?
Nine minutes.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, what?
Got plenty of time.
Now, where are you in relation to the windows?
The betting windows?
We actually, the windows in the room with us
are closed, but they have them right across the breezeway there.
Across the breezeway?
Yeah.
Or that's where Nile Rogers is going to be.
That's right.
Like, like, 50 feet from here.
Well, look at that. The one is nine to two.
The two is nine to two.
The four is five to two.
And the six is three to one.
This is a wide open race when you got a board like that.
That means it's a good race for a bomb, man.
A long shot.
Great.
The great Kent DeSurmall on the three.
I don't know.
Five bucks across.
Come on, do it.
From doing it, I'm going to do it.
I'm going to get some pretty girls go back.
All right.
125, a QM, you know,
a week after week, more and more people
are taking advantage of meals, hand-priced deals on.
WQM.com.
And now it's time for another great restaurant offer.
Starting tomorrow at noon,
you'll be able to buy $50 certificates for just 25 bucks
to one of our favorites.
Sushi Samba in Miami on Lincoln Road.
Hardy Mo...
Now, how do you say that?
Mo QECAS.
Mo Hicas.
Mo...
Mo Kicas.
Mo Kicas?
Sounds good.
Hica?
C.
From the director of X2,
and the producers of T2 and T3,
the writer of ID4,
and the stunt coordinator of MI2,
and the set designer of AVP,
the gaffer from MIB2,
the locators from AI,
and LXG, and ET.
The Portage Army went from company from CSI.
You know what?
It worked.
Where everything is not what everything
seems that it is.
This summer,
you'll tell yourself
for the L-A-R-G.
F-L-O-O-T-L-A-G-R-I-P-F-L-O-P.
I'll tell you faster.
Okay.
Huh?
Yep.
It's what's it?
Mark Fludelgrip Flop 2.
Rated PG-E.
13.
Noveling.
Oh!
Fastened.
Okay, do you get your money down or what?
Yes, I did.
Georgia's got his bed in.
Three is 9-1.
They got no chance.
Now he's got a shot.
The time has got no shot.
He's 30-1.
It's got no shot.
He's 25-1.
And you're the third goal one shot?
A long shot here.
A sixth though is the chalk now.
How do you like that?
That ravage or a single practice of a whatever's name is.
ravage, ravage.
That's a very dangerous old man to me that damn six horse.
He's 8-1 in the morning line.
He's 5-2 and been getting bed heavy the whole time.
Doesn't that has not like a message?
Yes, it is.
Like a Sicilian message.
It must be.
That's what I'm getting from it.
Oh, now what's this?
It's a Harris again.
On asked by Eric Goodell, the marginal length of the half.
A pocket sitting blissful air.
And then it's Rose Agatha with mystical iron moving first over.
She's just two lengths off the lead now.
That it's still ahead over toward the inside.
Four and a half from the front as Rose Agatha joined the outer flow.
Genuine raider is gaffing on cover.
Perched, we'll move three wide and pretty as a pageant of saving ground.
Six lengths off leader, Katamon.
Three quarters in 124.
Lead way around the fard, certain Katamon is being pushed by mystical iron.
Blissful air and continues to come.
Eric Goodell on short way for the open stretch.
Rose Agatha is three lengths off the lead.
So ahead of our needs room.
There at that.
What are we going to get the this race is over?
I think there's a Katman up in the air.
Atta boy Katman hit him again bouncing like a rubber ball up in the air everywhere.
Eric Goodell holds on a wins four to five heavy chalk.
Okay, now what are we talking about?
One minute to post them and you're nine to one still.
Right.
And six is still the chalk with the ravage the elephant man.
The elephant boy.
What that was his name?
John Merrick.
No, in the early days of television there was an India from India.
There was an elephant boy or Sabhu.
Sabhu.
Was it a sabhu?
Yes, Sabhu.
He made a lot of money and then drank it all and died young.
Did he really?
Yes, he did.
Sabhu, the Indian boy is dead.
Oh my god, how depressing.
Oh, they're going to get it.
Bill years.
Tom Durkin's going to get an elephant dramatic here.
You got the three?
I got the three.
I think I'll win but I don't want to talk to you off the three.
You'd be real upset.
It's $20 a horse can you invent it?
Ain't going to make any money on that six thing.
That's right.
Why not try and take?
I really did.
Did you always say don't bet the child?
You have to three.
That's right.
And the real.
Cool tales.
Bill years.
Tom Litzel, looking for the lead on the outside.
Sapphire Hines was there.
And sacred icon on the rail is for it.
And he broke fifth and then it's running.
Run, lightning runners come on running fifth just on the outside of
windication.
Near the back of the pack our bishops creak.
The last of the malls algears.
Down the back of that.
The last of the malls algears.
They're running for the.
They're sitting chilly second.
Cool tales.
23.
Three's getting in the race.
That's sacred icon was held up on the inside and third position.
Windication right on the side.
And the other side is clear.
The third sacred icon.
The rails and keeping.
Run, lightning run fifth on the outside.
Sapphire eyes and bishops creak in between those two.
Five links behind them.
It's algears.
They got the three also.
Half one forty six and four.
They can move there on the outside.
Factions here in Tomlinson Hill.
Come on.
They're thinking hard to hold that lead.
Pressing hard.
All the six and bishops.
Be that and you see what icons are a beautiful trip so far.
Just in behind the.
You're right there.
You got no horn of sound.
You see anybody pushing about.
The indication is after a sec.
Way wide.
Nice going.
By by.
Can.
Dropping back in two.
The cool tales.
Rest of the way.
You get on the right side.
Tomlinson Hill is up there.
The sixth and even got second.
I have to feel so bad.
We're here.
He took a stop for a go.
No score goes big.
One box there he is.
Now there he is.
He's in the wire.
How the hell did you pick that?
Magic.
Everybody knows how to win the game.
No.
Just one of those days.
George was just 31 bucks for everybody.
You give George your own age.
I just have to sell a lot more.
Just empty your walls.
Everybody just throw bags and bags.
You get a briefcase full of money.
Sometimes in a row now.
That's all right.
Last time was that damn little Justin Stein couldn't get the job done.
Wait till next time.
I can lose more than this.
He made a menacing move there.
What did I tell you?
He was hanging like a pig.
Gasping for oxygen at the finish.
Gasping for oxygen at the stretch.
About 18 wide.
That's the way it goes.
You heard of a double wide.
He was about 18 wide.
I don't think this is your future.
Whatever.
You enjoy it.
I'd rather not be my future either.
Have a feeling at any point that you were going to be right there in that race or what?
It looks like he was creeping up there.
But then they all creeped.
He fired against him.
By running too fast.
They pushed him out.
They didn't let him play.
That was a real stinker.
Let me tell you that.
We got the new posters here.
They know all the stuff.
They stole right by the put a mustache on you this time.
That's okay.
A Hitler mustache.
The real bummer about.
And the attractive stranger is.
I'm too married 83.
Reach out and touch them.
48.
I'm too shy to approach him 44.
I'm usually too old for them 30.
You bet.
I'm too unattractive to ever ever chance with them 23.
That too.
But there's Jeff Gregory on the 7th at the field.
I may never see them again 20.
But with somebody else 11.
They never give me the time of day 9.
I'm gay but they're straight.
Eight.
Somebody else is usually with me at the time 5.
I used to make a fool to myself 4.
I just can't steal a kiss 4.
I just never run into any 3 and I'm straight in their gay 1.
I just never run.
This is crap.
I never run into any attractive.
I realize this is a software.
The votes must be coming in from like sunrise lakes.
Get names.
The best talent.
The fastest sport in the world.
5.60 quam.
The sports leader.
You get a lot of b****.
The Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
WQAL.
Morning.
The following may be flammable and nuts.
You're the prefered children.
It's totally hot action.
As fuel buses continue to skyrocket, your annual growth.
With the all new DVD, gas prices gone wild.
That's right.
Go ahead.
Grab that hose and don't stop pumping.
Now it's not only what you drive, but how hard you drive it.
Oh my.
Look, it's not again.
Don't let it go down.
I like when it goes up.
There's no smoking near this pump because this action is too hot.
Oh yeah, baby.
Our full service includes checking your dipstick.
Places have never been this big.
Or your copy of gas prices gone wild today.
Welcome. These are daily bites.
So George's losing his ass to Gulfstream.
Now what you should have done was wheels, chantel, on top in the first race.
Yeah, it isn't the same people always do.
You know, talk about what they should have done for a better.
That's what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying.
After everybody knows the winner.
Oh, you should have done this.
I told you about the three of them.
Oh yeah.
I'm doing everyone's an expert.
Everybody does that.
When the race is over, everybody knows the winner.
That's right.
Channing Hill, baby.
Should have given her on top.
I bet it's pretty good.
I don't know what the double is paying there.
But I bet it's pretty good.
Three in four or whatever.
Whatever.
Whatever. It's all good.
I'll just remember what he next time.
Well, it's all over now.
You lost 31 bucks, big deal.
Yeah. I hear it here.
At least that much worth in food.
That's right. That's right.
I'm not boozing it up today.
But I will be sitting.
Why not?
Because I'm...
My name is Channing Hill. I have Zeth.
Yeah, you're right.
I can't believe that.
Can you believe it? Chris, he's got free booze there waiting for him.
And he's not boozing it up today.
Oh, well.
He's waiting for the weekend.
He's waiting till Saturday.
Exactly.
Why don't we do one like...
I don't know, like toward the fall.
Okay.
And the pizza's lost.
Okay.
Do you think we ought to go back there?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
How did you know about that deli?
You got a message from him and email her something?
He called.
He called where?
I'm on your way.
He's got your cell phone number.
I want to tell you that.
Hey, come on.
Come on, Roman.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
That's good.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
I can't see it.
Got to see this.
I can't see it.
He's not showing it.
How can you bed if there?
Probably having a recycling casing with a tester.
Wouldn't that be bad.
Seven or five dollars of the board in Chester.
Five dollars of the board on Chester.
A tester?
You're not going to be able to bed or are you able to see it.
You think you're going to see it?
We could go in the middle of the race.
I'm sorry, Donna.
Messick Nancy Clark, Syvekis, an Edward Moss,
a third trained by Les Givens, driven by Yannick Jingda.
Number Genix Jingda Tiger.
I'm not even in the right race.
Wait a minute.
What race?
Fifth race.
Fifth race.
Oh, a Giannick Jingda.
There's a driver change on the two from Jimmy Moran.
Who are you, Shelton?
All right.
The four.
Now, these drivers are all different.
Am I looking at the right thing?
Or what?
They're not the right drivers.
Ted or alive.
Yeah, it's the right horses.
There's Georgine F.
He's 9-1.
George Napolitano, man.
Our hero.
And the seven is 9-2 with Tim Tetrick.
Bet on the seven.
It's bettown or not.
He's gone.
Now he ran out of here.
And once he's gone.
He's gone.
We'll find out.
I mean, you're right.
We might not be able to bet.
Chester.
Well, you got six minutes to both.
Oh, okay.
We'll find out.
So how the hell are we going to do this?
I don't think we're going to be able to do it.
Only if it takes a break now.
You want to take the break now?
Oh, and then go up to the...
Well, we could do that.
The biggest name.
The best standard name.
4955.
59am.
40.
4th leader.
Good news and bad news.
Actually, they had the...
It was a tape that was showing minutes to post.
And so, as soon as we went on to break the race went on.
Wow.
The bad news is, as I told you, you can't say...
Oh, well.
You bet.
Because you can't bet a harness to it.
Of course not.
Of course I would want some money.
That's why I don't understand.
Why is that?
I don't know.
And we might even bet through a bread harness, all the tracks...
Well, whoever you want.
Maybe they'll understand that.
But never answer that.
Not anybody.
And the race is over in the 7th king's second.
Yeah.
On a great drive by Tim Teatred.
Well, I tell you, he's good.
He's strange.
He's weird.
He's weird.
But he came in second.
And he would have made a few bucks.
Oh, well.
Because the 4th one, the race...
I have no idea what the prices are.
And we don't want to find out.
You don't make some money.
Yeah, whatever.
That's why you weren't able to bet on it.
That's why it's a shame.
The 4th one, the race with the great David Miller.
Awesome wonder.
And you're...
Oh, look at that.
Brother Mow was in the 3rd race.
Oh, I know.
He did.
That would have been a natural one.
Wouldn't that have been natural with the Daniels?
Doobie doobie doobie doobie.
So Isaac Newton came second.
And you would have, like I said, made a few bucks.
But it's over.
It's over.
I want it's over.
It's long gone.
We'll lose some more money next time.
So Saturday, I'm not going to be betting no horses on Saturday.
I don't think.
Well, that's hard.
We got to think this.
Right up and on the pregness.
Yeah.
Big grounds going to be maybe 1-5.
You could win one of those betting vouchers that we're giving away.
Now, how's that going to work?
We'll figure something out.
Like, however we want, whatever we want.
You see your buddies flee and see that they've got all kinds of grandiose ideas.
Which is good.
We could have made up our minds, but we'd rather play it by here.
Like, I think it's going to be prizes for the prize pool races or something.
Oh.
Well, maybe I'll just see people that I like on it.
Oh, here's a prize for him.
You know, you'll see somebody you like.
Oh, here's a prize for her.
How about a chance to tell somebody?
Jenny Hill is a male, not a female.
Somebody just let me know.
Well, Jenny Hill is a male.
Thank you so much.
Yes.
One of our fans showed up just to tell us that.
I never knew that.
I thought I mean, Jenny Hill is a guy.
That's what I would have done.
Give a name like that.
I'll tell you the way.
If I find out that Emma Jane Wilson is a guy, then I'm really going to be surprised.
Now, she's really good.
She's a good jocky of work by Emma Jane Wilson.
Is she cute?
Not really.
Okay.
Justin Stein is a good jocky.
He's cute.
But never let.
He actually looks, I don't want to say it.
It's terrible.
He's pretty enough to be a female.
You know what I'm saying like that?
I'm pretty.
You know I mean by that?
I do.
Because the little guys when they're really pretty,
it could be like either anything.
Yeah, they can have a perfect out.
You have to kind of like check their goods and make sure what they got, what they're packing.
Remember that song, pistol pack and mama?
See what kind of pistol they're packing.
Hey, Justin!
Forget about it.
He had interest in it.
Now that's the way it is in life.
You know most of us ugly nasty old fat, those army smugglers.
Shorter, Mary.
Free key, whatever.
Yeah, the very unattractive one you're married to.
By the way.
Well, you don't wear the wedding ring.
Other chicks hate that still.
You don't wear the wedding ring?
No, I don't.
You don't wear the wedding ring?
I'm not wearing it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't wear it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
I don't understand it.
Nobody was listening because
nobody was listening because
nobody was listening because when they start listening,
when they put a lot of pressure on you know.
And the calls by the way, when Georgia's on, the calls will be back.
And the calls will be back.
That's right. And they'll be great.
And they will be sensational.
That's when the intellectual people call when Georgia's on.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
The biggest name of death, talent.
