The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and
colleagues. I've been hearing about the Losenstein or Rose,
or Jerk Jerk Street. It's that advertiser spray.
Unless they've been a good job.
The biggest names of this talent.
What do you think that fits?
That person's best with us today.
The 40516 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lugger.
He's not technically in town.
Except from Johnny Joe.
No.
Yes.
560WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
To talk to Neil, dial 56050560 in date and bro.
In other counties, 123-87775 Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and horizon wireless phones.
The appendants expressed by the adducee a.
Who can take a hold of no one?
The new CEO of WQAM management staff for sponsor as I did at UC earlier.
560WQAM.
Neil Rogers Show.
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska Governor Sarah Pailin.
When I'm not shooting caribou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground.
I'm a 44-year-old wife, mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of
wedlock. But I'm also an endorser.
And I'm here today to tell you folks about me exciting you perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Pianocostle perfume.
It's perfect for all occasions.
Whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant.
Gosh darn it.
This is a fragrance for all your gals.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm Sarah Pailin and I approve this fragrance.
I'm a
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
fresh
I decide.
Bad, and bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, hip,
No Lord will now embrace me.
I've flattened my tongue to the beat.
Now, whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongue, but that makes me a believer, and I'm having fun.
Playing round with my mouth, and I'm speaking in tongue.
Channel 3 at 5.60, nobody can hear me. I'm happy Tuesday, too. It's Veterans Day, a tip of the hat to all the veterans, even the dead ones.
Especially them. Why do you say that? Well, because they got nothing going on.
Well, that's what I'm saying. They don't appreciate it. They're dead.
Well, all we have on the other side, they're up there looking down. I just love when people talk such nonsense. It's just a half a step away from speaking in tongues.
By the way, there's an old cliche about not talking religion and politics and crap like that. Well, that's boring. Yeah.
You're making fun of my religion. I think that's a good idea. Make fun of everybody's religion. At least be consistent. Don't just pick on one, then you're a bigot.
It's one of the two things that it's there for, really. Yeah.
Comedy, and it's to make money. Right. And control people's minds. What's left of them? I love that. But I'm going to play it all day long speaking in tongues.
And they're paying for a few minutes first in between. Not that it's not going to be all that good, even though you like it. I thought it was hysterical.
Little dated anymore. No, no, I don't mean that, but it could have been done a little bit better. I don't know.
Somebody, well, somebody sent a cost to email about it last week. You know, they're always complaining. Really? Somebody didn't like it? Yeah. Really?
Oh, sorry. I missed that. Somebody didn't like it. Well, look at a chewed on that one. That and the Chris Matthews one are the only two funny ones we've had in what we got to national.
Yeah. Okay. Here's the poll from yesterday. Then I've got an email that will set you free. Baby, it's well, first I got to send the thing about four play. And then we'll get to that email.
The email is probably from the same Ojan provocatory yesterday, but changing the name. Keep the hate emails coming. I love it. I love it. Oh, you don't handle criticism really well. But you know something. That's not what they pay us to come in for every day is to be criticized and critiqued.
If you like the show, great. Have a good time. If you can tolerate it, that's even better. Or the other way around. But if you hate the show, what are you doing out there listening? What are your massacres? Oh, we hate you and we hate George and even that tub of crap fat Chris. We hate him. Do we? We just hate.
Remember I said I was contemplating coming back down there and doing the show there. Yeah, I didn't take a shot for a second. No, I thought about it for about a year. Well.
And then Paco showed up here with Kentucky fried yesterday at five o'clock and I thought, no, life here is pretty good. Then I went to wood by last night and lost my ass. And I thought, well, I don't know.
It's one of those things. You know, I'm going to do whatever the hell I want to do. How do you like that? Oh, what are you going to send me now if I do get a thousand hate emails, though, I might, I might hang it up. Yeah, right. What? I might hang it up.
My coat. Who's the best musical duo? How many votes we got on their fatso eight have eight 26.
Woo. So we'll get to a thousand pretty damn quick and then we got the new poll on their thanks to Charlie B. Welcome back, Charlie. Welcome back to our world. He kind of abandoned us for a while.
Or maybe he was coming up with some new material. We got a really good poll from Charlie B. Here's the one that's going on right now on Neil Rogers dot com. Who's the best musical duo?
Simon a garfunkel winning hands down your pantaloonies, baby 246. I would agree with that, but I didn't vote for them. I told you already I voted for the Everly Brothers. It was yeah, I have a soft, a hard spot for the Everly Brothers. Yeah, I voted for Simon and Garfunkel.
Of course, front running phone. Yeah. Steely Dan 119. Are we out of gas? Yes, we're going to steal the Dan. Oh my God, you people seriously need help. Paul the note 65. The carpenter 64. We almost left him off.
That would have been an infomnia. That would have been a trotious. And how come they're not doing a lot better than that?
Because we have mostly a lot of audience mostly a lot of audience and most guys don't want to be like. Yeah, it's like a berry man on all that schmaltz music.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, let me get to the end of the show before you go eight. A lot of people love them all in together. All that kind of stuff.
Well, what's the carpenter's got to do with Berry Manelow? It's the same kind of music. It's schmaltz-y, ballad-y stuff. Love songs and things like that.
The carpenter's music was great. Berry Manelow sucks. Right. She's brother's 50. Everly Brothers 38. Oh, Don and Phil.
Unless you're flat in Earl's Grogg's 29, we got some country pickers out there. Some trailer trash.
Brooks and Dunn 28, Sam and Dave 21. I can be a turn 19. Way in 18. I'll crank it up. I love it.
Down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down down
and then last Paul, who was the guitar man, he's the one that started the, the multiple tracks. Okay. I believe. All right. I don't know that. I know, you know, he married for a second and he started multiple orgasms. And last Paul, he started the multiple tracks. Seals and cross 10, smothers brothers 9, brothers Johnson 8, you played some of that yesterday which I didn't know who the hell they were and it was pretty good. I like the integral.
Girl 7, Janet McDonald Nelson, Eddie 7, if you're 100 years old, oh boy, talk about Cornball crap Nelson 5. What was the something about the rain, not who will stop the rain? That was a credence clear water. What was the after the rain? After the rain, is that it? Boy, yeah.
Of course, man. Remember that Chris is a Nelson fan. No, but when they were, what do you mean? No, but whatever you always on MTV unfortunately.
Where is Nelson right here? Make sure it works for you. That was over the Alps. Make sure it works for you. And then there's this song that doesn't stop as much as the other one. Yeah, you're right. I like this one. What's the name of this one? Love and affection. Oh yeah. Nice talk up. This is a good song.
They harmonized well. That kind of thing. Real fast. They faded from the scene. Okay, that's enough. Must have been that long here. Tannen Dean for what could they sing or what? No, no. Could they pound out an ounce of sound? The Judds for Chad and Jeremy Chad Stewart and Jeremy Clyde one.
And England, Dan and John Ford, Collie, none. None. Come on. I don't think anybody else heard of them either. Chris never did. No, Chris didn't know who the hell that was. They got none. There's 839 votes and they got the big. Oh, wow. I guess they weren't rock solid like our big. Oh, he'll be on a tube. By the way, then we got to Mandogga, Chula State, two at four. Dolphins tonight, seven o'clock, one of the worst abortions in history. And then eight to 11. It's Curtis tonight for D. A. Because D was on this morning for Joe along with Adam Cooper, super Cooper, Stine. Super.
Cooper. And the fact Chris says he's a good guy. Yep. Well, that's good enough for me. If he's a good guy, I mean, you know, and also can speak. So that's all what you're correct about. Let's call many recording innovations include overdubbing delay, but delay effects, such as sound on sound and delay, phasing effects and multi track recording.
Multi track, he invented that stuff. And where would we be now without that? Where would the music and where would the carpenters have been without that?
Mm-hmm. That was one of their specialities. Was the multiple tracks to lose track. You didn't play any carpenters. I noticed that was pretty nasty of you. I got them all. What do you want to hear? Well, just just crank one up for a second or two. Hold on.
Oh, wait till I get to today's email. Do sure if I can get an email that good every day, we got to look for the next five years and two months. Five years, and I'm going to show up every day just to piss off people like that.
Oh, that's not something anybody wants to hear. I don't even know what that is. All I can do. Here you go.
What is that? Oh, goodbye to love, but that's a strange. That's not the original version of the question.
Trust me when I tell you that any original version. I love that. I love that guitar thing at the end, but we don't have time for it. We don't have time to start around. Hey, Karen, how about some lettuce on here?
That guitar thing? Yeah, how about a lettuce sandwich on who leads would be good. Come on. Yes.
Yes, honey. Yes. Have like a little also speaking of eating. What did I pop corn chicken? Yes.
Well, that's good stuff from KFC. I'd never had that before before. It's just a bit of gravy. It's even better yet. Zingy. No, I don't need the gravy. Okay. Good about. I don't need. I don't need. I don't want about feed. I don't want.
Well, I did get some Frank's original hot sauce though because you know Mexicans. Everything's got to be like, I don't know what that's all about. Why's everything got to be so damn spicy and burn your guts out?
Is Cuban food like that too or just Mexican food? No, Mexican food is spicy and Cuban food is not very Mediterranean. It's onions, garlic and olive oil.
Olive oil and some. Citrus. How is what's his name? Do an Eli Walla? Because he's still alive. I don't know. Let's get a let's get a lynch mob 1013 at 560 WQ way.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission at WQ a M B the broadcast group incorporated.
You got
You can do you
You
You got to make one on guns man. Big one on guns. Oh, there's liberal the socialist. Come at Easter. Yeah, everybody's got to have guns to protect themselves from the new communist regime.
I thought it was very touching yesterday at the White House. There are and for a couple of seconds. I almost liked George W. Bush. Almost huh?
Watching those clips that they showed 80 million times of the Obama's in the White House with George and Laura. I almost liked him. I mean, you know, he looked like God.
I don't know. Yeah, let's let this dark couple in here for God's let the darkies in for a few minutes. Not too long. You know, you hear the sirens coming? No. Yeah, you do. No, you can't hear that. No. Oh my God. Anyway, here's one boy. There's just all kinds of good stuff, including another one about Chris couple about Chris.
The fake Damon and Mendeleu. That's really sensational. I'll get to that other one by the way. The old coup from Helen Day. I'll get to you. See if I can get one good long. Hate me or like email every day like that. It can make you know, but like an hour and a half of the show.
You've got to step down. You're killing us. Well, now turn it off. No, I don't want to turn it off. I'm listening right now and you've got to go away. Go away.
Talk about the dog barking at the moon. My God at the Ka-Kamoon. Here's one from when who I thought had more common sense than this. He's a regular for going back years and years.
Did you know that cigar Davis even on the air or where you would find him anymore? Dave Zeppelwitz, whatever his name is. Are you asking me? Are you reading the email? No, I'm asking you. No, I don't know. Hi, Neil. Did you hear how cigar Dave opened to show this past Saturday? Oh, yeah, I was listening. I was sitting right there.
Oh, my God. When what's happened to you? Randy was talking about it yesterday. Oh, no. Oh, something the effect of the United States of America, born July 4th, 1776.
He ceased November 4th, 2008. Then he went out to spot more right wing crap. The audio was here and it's got a link, which I'll pass. Randy was talking about cigar Dave. Good God. That's something I'd sure be talking about.
If I had that national audience, but he's the goddess, you know, and I'm sorry. I apologize for stealing all her drop-ins like Jonathan says Jonathan and Boka. Look what I found. It's a picture of my ugly push and it's goes back to the whammy thing. It was actually an ad.
And it says Miami. I'm sitting in front of a microphone TV just got ugly near Rogers prime time on it through Friday. Boy, that whammy was really quite an experience. Why not? When that well done. It's the way.
Where me got it sucks. Thanks to Marvin. Robin and whoever else got me involved in that. And I can't to Norma still absent a wall. No happy birthday greeting. It's already like almost a week tomorrow. Be a week. No happy birthday. No many returns. No. How's it going? No. How's your life? No nothing.
And Norma you ferry. The fake Greg Vidal says. Hi, Neil. Happy. Belated is Chris back today. George has been very caustic and surly lately. He should go on the Steve Keynes show and you should come back to Miami. I'll bring you food. Did you hear Mo got fired from serious NFL radio? Channel 124. He's no longer on late hits. Have you heard from Captain Dave lately? Signed GBB Gregory Benjamin, Budella, fake one. Now I didn't know about the Mo and the quiet Frank. I heard him doing that Carolina. Open game on radio.
Over the weekend. And I don't know if he got fired or not. Did he get fired? Fats. Oh, I don't even know what he was working. Well, he gets fired everywhere. Sooner or later, the fake joy. Rattles says Neil, I love your talk. Up. You're regular Ron St. John 97 a 1 a your music way is Chris a fruit. I love the big. Oh, he's got passion. He can be the new host of passion phones. He's a summer. What Chris? He's a summer squash. Not enough. That's a fruit or a vegetable. No. He's a vegetable. Believe me. He ain't no fruit. Definitely.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. I have you guys. Good morning.üğks운 Excuse me. Good morning.ätthen LeKat
Damon, the fake Damon says I'm disgusted by fat Chris.
And now I haven't had a chance this is so long, I have an
chance to proofread this so I might have to like leave certain things out.
Okay.
How are you Neil?
I have some more disturbing news for you.
Oh, sorry, just getting ready.
Again I want to apologize to fat Chris.
I really like fat Chris.
I don't like to tell on you, but I feel that I must.
Last week when I caught fat so going to town on himself, I looked into a picture of fat
oil up jolly Joe.
I thought that Chris was just fat and disturbed.
I didn't think that these two ward hogs were actually giving it to each other up to bloody
old scat infected her infested Hershey highway, but I was dead wrong.
We'd have to bleep any of that yet, right?
No.
Close.
What?
Oh, nothing Chris is making a funny face.
But he is.
I had to go over to fatso's house yesterday to pick up some electronics for the station.
I'll never forget what I saw.
It was a horrendous sight and Neil something no one should ever have to be witness to.
I walked up to fatso's door, knocked a couple of times, nobody answers.
So I decided to try the door handle and see if it was unlocked.
The biggest mistake of my life.
I slowly walked into the front door.
There were pictures of him on the mantle of an entrance hallway of fat Chris when he
was a little younger and a bit skinnier.
As I walked further into this house of horrors, I got suspicious when I saw a picture of
jolly Joe on the wall.
I continued into the house, heard some Marvin Gaye sexual feeling music coming from the
back of the house.
I continued to the back of the house to see where the music was coming from.
I came to a closed door.
I think it was Chris's room because there was a sign on the door that read Beech's Whale
Crossing.
I slowly cracked open the door.
This was a huge mistake.
Fat Chris and jolly Joe were standing in the bedroom kissing very passionately.
jolly Joe then began unbuttoning Chris's shirt.
jolly Joe removed fatso's shirt, revealing fatso's hairy chest and fat tomato looking nipple.
You know, I think I should stop you.
It's getting very, I'm going to have to start bleeping this whole thing.
Why?
It's gross.
Yeah.
Why is that?
Well, you know, Fagory is gross to begin with.
But jolly Joe started to agree kissing fat Chris's neck and working his way down to Chris's
chest.
jolly Joe then began licking fat big red hairy red tomato nipples.
I'm changing some of it.
Joe had to start a stopper a couple of times to pull bits of Chris's nipple hair from
between his yellow teeth.
This was an ungodly side.
Fat Chris then proceeded to remove all of jolly Joe's clothing as well as his own.
When Chris removed his underwear, he threw them toward the door of the bedroom.
The underwear landed right in front of me.
I made a mistake of looking down at it.
There were dark brown streak marks and bits of other things on the underwear I wanted
to puke.
I have to edit this as I go along.
There were jolly Joe and fat Chris standing there naked and erect.
Fat Chris laid jolly Joe down on his stomach and proceeded to hog tie jolly Joe and put
a red gimp ball in his mouth.
After Joe was all tied up, fatso mounted Joe from the back and proceeded to do.
To do something that I can't read, it was the most disturbing sight ever seen.
Fat Chris was sweating profusely.
Pumping jolly Joe and his disgusting something for about 15 minutes until he screamed cream
pie.
It was done.
I wonder if that's what.
But not a cream pie.
Oh no.
Probably not.
Probably chalk the cream pie.
Oh I'm sorry.
That's even worse.
At this point I could take no more ran out of that house as fast as I could.
I'll never be able to get the images of the two fat hugs going to town on each other
out of my head.
I'm scarred for life.
Please Neil fire Chris.
His something are very disturbing and atrocious.
Fat Chris needs to be taught a lesson.
Gasex between two whales in public is unacceptable behavior from an adult.
Jolly Joe and Fat Chris should be ashamed of themselves.
I hope they both get you know what.
Thanks Damon.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Thanks David.
Respeeding not only your new twins, you're nursing all six of your kids, including the
seven-year-old.
I think she'll like it.
It's yummy.
That's weird.
It's also smart.
Wait a minute.
That's the neighbor's kid.
But no child left behind means no child.
That's fine.
He's 15 years old.
Get out of here.
You little freak.
I'm sorry man.
I'm pretty drunk.
Today I see a kid.
1033, 27 before 11 at 5, 60 WQAM.
Boy now we know why Pratt Chris wasn't with us yesterday.
Why that?
Because you were otherwise aquapoddo with your good buddy.
Oh no.
Jim and England says the greatest singing duo of the whole of music are undoubtedly
Graham Parsons and Amy Lou Harris.
Who are they?
Amy Lou Harris.
Yeah.
Country.
Graham Parsons.
Never heard of it.
No.
Well don't forget this is Jim and England.
I don't normally get emotional listening to songs but those two doing love
hurts just sends me all gushies as Jim.
Also when it comes to singing duo's mo and gildy must be contenders.
I would agree with that.
I mean the doys are back in town.
Who can even come close to matching that?
Certainly not Jim.
What's their name?
Glen Miller.
Glen Miller.
Dan Fordy.
Glen Miller and Mashi Pupik.
And Dave Miller.
Before we get to the email of the century, I'm not really sure which is better than
one yesterday, the two yesterday from what was his name?
I forgot.
Terry.
Terry and point and beaters.
I'm like that.
We'll get to it.
Four play is overrated researchers claim four play may be overrated according to a survey
based on 2300 women which found that it has little or no significance when it comes
to likelihood of having an orgasm.
The duration of intercourse 16 point two minutes on average is the clincher according
to the research.
The findings suggest that sex therapists who emphasize the value of four play may have
that it says may have that been getting it wrong.
Little typo here may have been getting wrong.
This is from the telegraph UK.
They got a little carried away.
In contrast to the assumptions of many sex therapists and educators, more attention should
be given to improve the quality and duration of intercourse rather than four places Professor
Stuart Brody of the University of West Scotland and Professor Peter Weiss from Charles University
and Prague.
In the study we put in the journal of sexual medicine, the academic quiz representative
sample of 2360 check women of all ages about the details of their sex lives including
orgasmic consistency with a partner along with estimated duration of four play in intercourse.
Check well.
Let me ask you are people like doing it with a stop watch or what?
Apparently.
Results show that for the women in the study the average duration of four play was 15.4
minutes and intercourse 16.2 minutes.
They must be screwing with a stop watch.
That's not how you do it.
Don't screw with a too much to them but might fall on.
Right now you're supposed to use your parts.
The researchers point out that 16.2 minutes is considerably longer than reported in American
studies where intercourse was found to last on average seven minutes.
They added it could be that this reflects a greater appreciation of intercourse and sensuality
by Europeans than Americans.
Researchers looked at frequency of orgasm in women and four play in intercourse data.
They concluded links with four play were insignificant.
Instead, they suggested longer intercourse last the greater the probability of orgasm
for the women.
This was a large number of women.
The results are robust as Professor Brody.
Sex there are person educators put the overwhelming emphasis on four play but they need to be guided
by the evidence which shows that it is not the case.
Intercourse is significantly more important.
Our findings should lead researchers, educators and clinicians to reconsider the contribution
to four play and intercourse.
Less four play, more screw your brains out.
Got it?
Got it.
Less four play more in and out.
How are we doing on a polar?
Fact Chris.
Fact we have eighties of it.
We have eighties of it.
What?
Eighties seven.
Eighties seven.
We're closing down nine.
I think when we get to nine hundred I'll change it.
Okay.
In fact you know what I'm going to change it right now.
Say what?
What?
No?
No.
Why not?
Calm down.
Just hit nine.
The Dow is down two hundred and two points by the way.
Not looking good.
GM is on the verge of going bust.
Nobody's got a job.
Nobody's got any money.
Meanwhile I keep getting these big fat paychecks every two weeks for all these negative
e-holes out there.
Man.
Man.
Oh wait till I get to that one.
That's so good.
And the best part is they think that it disturbs me reading this garbage.
I find it most amusing that people hate me like poison and just want to just go away.
You know.
Oh here's one from the fake Chris Wayland.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh.
Who could have ever dreamed that these emails would have been so good?
Not the real ones, the fake ones.
Right.
Oh here they are all the same person.
Here's one from the fake Alice Rantell.
Forget all the hateful no-life losers.
You're the best talk show host in the history of Miami radio period.
You are a legend and a heritage host.
I love walking down memory lane.
Can you place some of your old bits from time to time?
Young Neil and Key West vice with two my favorites.
Do you ever hear from your longtime friend?
You used to do nights on WFTL.
What does that mean?
Alice.
PSW Ellison Sandy say hi.
Thanks fake Alice.
Captain Davis on Sirius Channel 144 and XM166.
You're on fire today.
I'm on the floor says the fake Joey Reynolds wouldn't be the first time Joey.
Conway Twitty and Loretta Lynn Conway was the favorite of the suds Coleman.
What?
Hey Conway Twitty.
You hate Conway's Twitty?
I hate him.
Well why?
Because he sucks.
He's ugly and he sucks.
He's ugly?
Why wouldn't they make a difference?
That just so happens.
To a hit a roll like you.
It doesn't.
Just so happy.
David Gates.
I love his music but he's a uglie.
888 on a pole.
So why is it you don't want me to change it?
Just to give you a hard time.
Fat Chris says the fake fat Chris is absolutely disgusted by these attacks being presented against me.
I've decided to quit the show.
I'm tired of crying myself to sleep every night because of these vicious attacks.
Jolly Joe and I have decided to become a couple now.
We don't hug.
We don't hug each other up.
But we do give it to each other up the old.
Oh, I can't say that every night.
I also want you to know that Jolly Joe clean.
Oh, God.
And that there are no brown streaks neither one of our underwear.
These slanderous attacks need to stop right now.
I'm sorry.
I'm fat and gain.
Neil, but so are you.
And by the way, who the hell is Damon to rip me?
Just the other day I saw him sticking it to flee in the men's room.
I'm very pissed off.
Neil, the show has destroyed my reputation.
Die, Damon, die.
These slanderous attacks need to stop immediately.
Or I am something you.
It's chopped off.
That's probably the most important part of the email.
It's not showing you.
Yeah, I'm suing.
That's it.
Why do you have this also?
No, just took it.
That's what it says, actually.
They need to stop me.
You're I'm suing you since fat Chris.
A fat boy named Sue.
The biggest name.
The best.
Oh, they're going to be.
This is no Roger.
So go to the five sixty QAM.
The name.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's the mad dog.
Jim Mandits.
After news.
I get a little tired of that crap.
I can tell you right now.
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGVA.
Here again, America's youngest dog show host,
six year old Neil Rogers.
OK, I guess we're done with the mail.
And there's four minutes left in the hour.
So let's take some calls.
All in.
Hello.
And Neil, how's it going?
Great.
That's good.
Well, so I can't film my subscriptions at a Rochester Democrat
and Chronicle.
Of the good old DNC.
What an abortion that paper is.
Then I asked how many other people did likewise.
And they said, no, my business.
Yeah, well, they're real nice over there.
OK.
Well, I just thought I'd let you know.
You're a fine American.
Have a nice life.
Hello.
Hello.
I want to speak to Neil.
You got him.
Am I on?
Yeah.
Neil.
Yeah.
Neil, you're a stinky pink old glue sniff
and bedwaters at a pansy.
They call.
This is the day so far.
Did he say pansy?
Didn't he get off?
What a monger brain.
I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show.
And this guy calls me named Shema News.
So, shame on you.
By the way, have you seen some of those bad boys
at the new RAMP?
No, what are you cackling about?
A. This is my gun.
I'm no am producers in the world.
And they stick me in here with an A.
Shut it, my god.
Cemicocacl.
Hello.
Oh, Neil.
You're used to be such a nice boy.
And now you're so talented.
Yeah, but you can't shut it off.
You can't shut it off.
I don't need this.
It offers from other stations.
Acadia, Almira, Fredonia.
But instead, I stay here and entertain you
grotesque, sub-huin, dudebag, unbelievable.
Shema, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers?
What kind of phone are you on, sir?
How's that again?
Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I had to put it to the other operator.
Well, it's nothing to that.
Hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night.
Somebody asked you.
Did you hear what he's been saying about you?
No, I don't listen anymore.
He's a daughtering old man.
He claims he's only 40.
Yeah, right.
And can we be true in two?
Oh, shut up.
A group of set-ups.
And if you think he's bad now, we totally had to.
OK, let me come back.
Maybe the egg will come out of his shell.
But I hope not.
Well, there you go.
It's a good work time for this year.
1047 and 560 WDQM.
I don't know if you're as tired of that as I am,
but...
Make Amos Rantel wanted to hear that.
So who the hell might have said no?
It's been a while, but yes, certainly I've got to hear.
Plus, it killed some really good time, too.
I've got one from the fake Woody Graber before we get to the good stuff.
Oh, boy.
Oh, I changed the poll, too, Fad Chris.
Cool.
Without your permission.
Oh, cool.
Yeah, cool it.
Oh, we didn't even hit the 900?
No.
You slacker.
He just got through saying cool.
Look, I had $8.91.
Is it right there?
That we were going to get to 900.
What's the point?
OK, let's move along here.
896.
Well, there you go, 896.
Pick up sticks.
Fake Woody Graber says,
Your heyday is over, Neil.
You've completed the house touch with the audience.
You were once great, Neil, but now you suck huge rhinoceros balls.
You're not funny anymore.
You're a huge loser, Neil.
You sit up there in Toronto with your little spick boyfriend,
giving it to each other in the...
And paying for all his meals.
You're being used, Neil.
Stop giving your money to one grateful people.
You were once great, Neil, but now we're just another radio loser
whose career is in the toilet.
I'm telling you this, Neil, because I love you.
Retire already and go out while you're still on top.
Woody.
Retire.
No, no thanks.
OK, here's the final tally on the fact Chris's duo pull.
That was a good one.
Best musical duo.
That was from Sean and Hollywood, I believe.
One that...
Yep.
Simon and Garfunkel kick ass, 265.
Steely Dan 133.
Oh, that is so painful.
Paul the Note 72, the Carpenter 71, right on their ass.
Righteous Brothers 51, the Everly Brothers 41.
On Caden's records, Don and Phil.
Lester Flat Earl Scroggs 33, Brooks and Don had...
BOT TURN, MAN!
And I still have no idea who they are.
Country?
Yes.
Well, isn't that interesting that Lester Flat Earl Scroggs
and Brooks and Don were right side by each?
Sam and Dave 23, WAN when 22.
You fairy.
I continue to turn to 20.
Tears for Fears 19, Sonny and Shear 19.
What a horrible thought that is.
Logan, I guess a lot of people figured that the poll question was
name a musical duo.
That's how they always do it.
Log into the Messina 16, Les Paul and Mary Ford, 12, Vaya, Cone, Dio's.
That's the only song I can think of by them.
Les Paul and Mary Ford.
I bet you don't have any in there, do you?
Let me fire up the player and see what's in here.
Seals and Crofts 11, Smothers Brothers 11.
The Smothers Brothers?
Oh.
That's funny.
The Brothers Johnson 9, Gen. M. Donald Nelson 88, the Indigo Girl 7, Nelson 6.
Who am I supposed to be looking for?
What?
Les Paul.
Les Paul and Mary Ford.
Nelson 6, Janine Dean 5, the Jods 4, England, Dan and John Ford Kudy 2, and Chad and
Jeremy only one.
Chad Stewart and Jeremy Clyde on Columbia Records.
Summer Song.
Wasn't that one of their hits?
Chad and Jeremy.
Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, yeah.
Summer Song.
I think.
Wouldn't that the name of that?
Self-Jewel.
I find Les Paul first.
Vaya, Cone, Dio's.
I can't think of any others.
I could get my book, but I'm too old and fat to go out.
No, I got no Les Paul.
You got no Les Paul?
Sorry.
Oh my God.
Oh, here's the new poll.
How many votes we got on the new one up there?
I don't know if someone asked to vote over here first.
What?
Someone asked to vote over here, so I can see.
You can't do it?
Why do you have that George vote?
Go ahead.
Vote for something.
Yeah, fight over it.
I could least tolerate an insult to my blank.
We've got 24 votes.
Intelligence.
Nine.
Well, I'm going to read it off.
I printed it out.
That's why I don't know how many votes we got.
I don't want to do it again.
Penisize two.
Income level one.
Political preference is one line of work one.
Spouse one.
Choice of car.
I drive one.
That was me.
I voted for that.
Don't be knocking Corvette.
It's okay.
You losers.
Like that Mustang jerk yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
Why don't you get a real car Mustang, Neil?
Family one looks one.
You can not insult my looks all you want.
You'll be honest.
I look like crap.
No votes yet for gang, gender, state or region, beer preference, taste in women or men,
native country, native language, native language, disability, fashion style, school or college, sports team preference, height, weight, breast size.
Yeah, I don't be knocking my breast size.
In fact, Chris is too.
He's got gigantic boobies, sexual persuasion, straight K by, etc.
Religion, ethnicity, race, name, mama, or performance in bed.
I could least tolerate an insult to which of those.
And that's a good poet.
I just go and Charlie.
I just voted for height.
39.
39 what?
Folks, bottles of beer on the wall.
Okay, here comes one of the all-time great emails.
Lucas Burns in Hellendale, although I think Lucas is probably Terry from yesterday.
What?
It burns.
In fact, maybe both of them are still Dan from Maryland.
I really don't know.
Some Al content.
And it says subject, something you need to read.
It's really important that you do.
And it was so important that Lucas said it twice.
Lucas from Hellendale, who's trying to tell us.
I have no life.
Neil, I know you don't handle criticism very well.
That you get very defensive when anyone dares to challenge one of your opinions.
And God forbid you would ever read an email on the ear, which contains an opinion that varies from yours.
God forbid, right, like the one I read twice yesterday and when I'm reading now.
Right, Lucas?
But you really do need to stop before your show gets so bad that nobody remembers that you were once a decent radio personality.
You got an email from someone named Terry yesterday who I could not possibly agree with more.
You're out of touch with the people of Miami and you even went so far to authentically jump on the Obama bandwagon in an effort to win cool points with your younger listeners.
Even though most people listen to your show or older people who work and have to pay taxes in that case and not at least supported McCain.
Yeah, most of our people are McCain people.
Right.
In addition to which as far as jumping on a bandwagon, I was pushing Obama long before anybody in the audience ever even heard of him.
I said, that's your next president.
But I jumped on the bandwagon.
Of course, you were somewhat amusing at one time, but now your show is just awful, which is why this individual Lucas and Helen, they listen every minute of every day.
He's an expert on the show.
He can tell you the content of every show every day and how much he hates it.
This is why this great all of these cracked me up.
Anybody would even let like a 1% of their brain remaining knows that anybody who dislikes a show, a movie or whatever.
They find something else to entertain themselves to amuse.
The infusion of new younger and superior talent, including Jorge Sedano, a rising star, Mark My Words, Sid Rosenberg, a legitimate star, and Dan La Bastard, one of the funniest men in radio, are squeezing the out of touch guy with no top is or guess right out of this market.
Not to mention the fact you never even talk about sports on your show, which newsflash people actually care about.
So this is obviously from somebody across the street.
And no, this is not a sports show. Never has been. Never will be.
We got 20 hours of that crap the rest of the day. Find something. Why aren't you listening to a sports show?
I didn't even mention that you're going head to head with Paul Castro Nova, who's by far more original and talented than you ever were.
There was a time when you were relevant and funny that time long has passed.
Your show is awful and your time is up. So just step away in you and you can't do it anymore. Just step away.
Not with the talent surplus. Miami has to offer now and you're out of material. Seriously, you never have a topic.
And then he goes on to talk about what my topic is. Yeah, what? Maybe now you'll have one.
Proop. He says my topic is poop. Kakka. Right. I'm sure you'll continue mailing and then collecting your checks after reading this.
That's right. I'm not going to walk away just because I'm loser in a hellendale, who probably is the guy from yesterday in Boyton Beach.
Send me a stupid email anonymous. I really do wish you'd quit though because I can't stand listen to your show now.
So I have to quit for him to find something else to listen to you. You followed logic here.
You talk about poop every day now for love of God.
Poop why you have nothing Lucas and Burns in hell and they'll it burns and then underneath his name address email address and phone number.
It says have a blessed day under the in yours.
Have a blessed day under the in yours. Hey, stick it up the old shoot, Lucas.
In fact, just get a gun and shoot. I would say shoot your brains out, but you can you have to stick in your recto.
You can't find him. Step away. Step aside. No. Just walk away.
Yeah, I'm just going to walk away to make Lucas happy.
Step away. You just can't do it anymore. Your show is awful and your time is up and you never first he says you never have a topic.
Then he says my topic is poop. I talk about poop every day. Poop and then of course the famous that too a little bit.
Well, thanks, Lucas. I'm glad you're enjoying the show.
The biggest name. The best. The biggest name. The best talent.
We got a device.
That's the only four radio five sixty WQ AM.
I am a Ford Lutter Dale.
This is the Neil Ross. So what's the change on here, Frank? So you?
No, the whole bunch of changes like you'll say George and Zach on Thursday. Yeah, well, that's not important for the change.
Do you have what it takes to be a Neil's will if you do you will sport. Radio five sixty WQ AM invite you to listen and win with the five sixty QAM
Neils will contest simply cut and face someone else's profile and take to my space or in fifty words or less.
Right, why you should be a Neils will on the back of a postcard and send it to WQ AM Stingios in the Macallister hotel.
Then when you hear this sound, that's your chance to inherit millions or have even billions of dollars.
All contestants must be male. No younger than 18. No older than 25 must be shavon and smooth.
Judges reserve the right to eliminate contestants based on the rainy quince similarity rate and scale of one to ten.
Runners up will receive an autographed duplicate of Neil's will suitable for training. Any duplicates of Neil's will found on New York.
The parking level will be pointed by law. All prizes will be awarded by my Anthony and the grand prize winners are asked to be patient for it.
And definitely a period of time until Neil decides to die.
1101 at five sixty WQ AM. So what's the changes on the schedule?
I don't know. I thought that was just verbalizing it. No, it's all those things where the asterisks are. That's the updates.
Asterisks. They're ain't no asterisk on my schedule on the left hand side next to the times. There's little asterisks.
All five to seven a.m. Thursday morning guilty. Well, who the hell cares? Jesus God. Talk about taking yourself to importantly, Clarence.
Good. Jolly. I think Clarence probably sent that email. The one from Lucas, you know.
Try to make it sound like somebody across the street. Yeah, he's he's infatuated with Dan LeBasterd. In fact, he probably would like me to walk away so they can woo Dan LeBasterd to come over to QAM.
Put his award winning show on a midday. When that be a big improvement. Huh, you better talk some sports. You know, sure, that's Clarence.
We're out of your clearance. Where's the follow up? Find the way Lucas. I don't see no follow up yesterday when you were like Terry or whatever your name was.
At least you had the balls to give us a follow up. You don't talk about any. You have no topic. You know, you're killing us.
Can't you just see somebody standing over Lucas's head with a gun to his forehead and the radio cranked up real loud every day from 10 to 2?
Can you see that? I'd like to see that. I can envision that a whole bunch of people out there who are forced to listen to the show against their will.
Oh my God, I can't take it anymore. This is killing me. Find something else amusing, especially with all that great new talent out there, radio land.
A Republican congressman from Georgia said yesterday he fears that President Electro Obama will establish a Gestapo like security force to impose a Marxist dictatorship.
It may sound a little crazy and off base, but the thing is he's the one who proposed the national security force represented Paul Brown instead of Obama and interview yesterday with the associate to press.
I'm just trying to bring attention to the fact that we may may not I hope not, but we may have a problem with that type of philosophy of radical socialism or Marxism, a lunatic from Georgia.
At any rate, Tegan says was catching up with the soap slides. I don't watch soap anymore. I don't use soap. I don't watch soap.
I was bodywashed even with a plastic bottles. Notice that Luis Galen Gehring and Sam Bennett James Hyde from Passons of Resurface along with Kevin Dobson, Mac McKenzie from NotSlanding on sands through the hourglass soap days of our lives with McDonald Kari.
Like sands through the hourglass. What is it? How does he say? Well, he's been dead for a hundred years, McDonald Kari, but they still use the same open, I believe on that ridiculous show.
I wonder if that Russian super spy is still on there. And anyway, since it's a silly show, it's not up to your standards, George. Okay. Here's one from the fake Josh Cortes.
It says from Josh Cortes at the real Josh Cortes dot the Adiani WTF Neil, I can't believe you let that fat tub of goofriscate away with. He shows up for work whenever he feels like it.
Talks nasty about you behind your back to clearance and it's been having day long mattress madness with Jolly Joe.
I miss putting the stories on the website one day and you jump all over me. It's so unfair and truly hurts me deep down to the core.
I think the only way you can make up to me is sending me a check today. No. If I were you, I'd FedEx it to me for delivery tomorrow morning. No.
This would be the only way to prove your affection for me. No. And all that I've done to make your website a radio show, it's a sex over all these years at WQAM. No.
Also, we says hi Brandon, my sugar pants baby yours in Christ Josh Cortes. That might be the real one. You know what?
That makes sense. Yeah. Makes sense to me. How we doing on the new survey fat so you find a guy to vote on there or what? Oh, yeah, we vote on him.
Oh, we got 87, 86, 87 votes already. But we just put we just put the new thing up there. It's like it's like the thing last Thursday.
George wouldn't have believed it. You can unless you sell with your own eyes. Am I right? Right. The restaurant certificates. They went in less than just in a matter of seconds.
I clicked out at the first time and it said remaining certificates remaining zero. Is that special or what? Even though we don't have any audience.
By the way, what was this to read that last trend? How did the cast and overdue? One moment, please.
Oh, because he's only on for what 20 hours a day and here we got fat Chris complaining about working 17 hours or something.
If a if an old tired worn out tub like cast and over can work 15 20 hours a day, you can do it to a buddy.
Oh, this is many 18 plus why do we care about that? This is June, July and August. Where the hell is the threat is the book? You got the book? No, not me. No, I got the book. Oh, good.
Oh, I got the book. Let me take a look. Well, I got my I started to start Schmidt can in some of this. You know, I got readings from 100 years ago when we had some mid day.
Oh, here's persons 25 54. Do we care about that? No. Come on, Neil. Christ boy, there is just tons of stuff. I bet you this is old stuff too. Spring 2008. I can't find it. But during the break, I can at least throw all this crap out. Right?
When you threw when you throw our ratings out, why not ain't no good. I know that what's his name did? Joe Bell. He flushed him right down the toilet. Thanks a lot, jolly. Joe, by the way, for destroying the radio station.
Let's see summer 2008. Oh, that's it. Summer 2008. I finally got it. Got it. Ten aim to 3 p.m. Big had a 4.5.
We had a 4.0. They were fifth. We were sixth. So that old poly he beat us. He beat our ass. Of course, that was George. Sorry. Well, George likes to throw us under the bus all the time. Torpedo. Torpedo the station.
So what's the big deal with that that they've got eight million billboards, their billboards, by the way, the ugliest waste of time I've ever seen in my life. Have you seen those?
The ones for Ron and Paul? No. Real. Kaka. Just has their names. It doesn't say anything really. Graham Parsons died in 1973 of a drug overdose. Somebody informs me.
He was considered one of the first country rock artists and was a member of the birds when they recorded their album, Sweet Hearts of the rodeo.
It was also a friend of the stones and the Eagles. He reportedly was asked to leave the stone sessions of exile on Main Street because he was a bad influence on Keith Richard of all people.
Amy Lou Harris is a pretty decent country singer and recorded a couple of albums with Dolly Parton and Linda Ronstadt.
I have her albums, roses in the snow and blue Kentucky girl, country without being too rednecky. She does a duet with Don Everly on every time you leave. Don Everly.
From the Everly brothers. Then it says DA interview to high school basketball player going to the Gators turn over to Sid and he had two professional women pool players on. Wow.
Is all it says. Yeah, too bad we can't live up to that kind of fantastic programming. You know what?
Pool players. We got some pocket pool players coming on tomorrow.
Charlie Jill and fat Chris. Oh, here's the fake Johnny dark. Now, this is the real one, I think.
Yep, this is the real one. I'm sure.
Positive. That's because we called him for being a bigoted redneck, which is exactly what he is. Dude, I'll print it out. Don't read it.
It's more hate hate from Johnny dark. Shouldn't I feel bad about that? No, no. We hate you, Johnny. Don and Roger said it's amazing how all the people who hate you listen to every day.
Instead of listening to all that so called wonderful new talent in Miami. Well, we'll keep it short and the sweet.
You're one in a million. You're coming from two probably tens of thousands who listen to you every day.
Neil God, Don and Roger. Thank you, Don and Roger. So coming to my defense. Coming to my defense. Nobody else is, but Don and Roger are against those interpret attacks.
Including this one from Johnny Dork who says, Oh, it is Johnny dark. It's the real one. I'm sure.
Neil, those callers had a point. You're a shadow of your former self. The mistake you made was not keeping up with the times.
Those times you had me and fat rich in the studio. You should have let me talk on Mike. Oh, yeah, this is fake.
How are the successful because he surrounds himself with an interesting cast. I'm sorry, but boring George and fat Chris are not interesting.
Now, it's interesting is you, Johnny. Remember that he came in for the free lunch. He sure added a lot to the show.
Not anybody who reads liner cards for living. It's 72 long to coast. Yeah. Well, what kind of a broadcaster is that?
Can't complain about Johnny's personality. You want to know why? The Netherlands. Right. You got rid of the bird. Didn't give Mike time to people who could have added to the show.
You were revolutionary in the 80s with your stream of consciousness humor making characters of behind the scenes people like boy Gary Mike Disney Bob Green the salespeople, etc.
You should have surrounded yourself with a ensemble cast. You had the talent to do this at W. I. D. with Mitchell with some others at WQM.
You're surrounded by a bunch of sports nerds. You still have it. You become fat and lazy. You should listen to Phil Henry.
Are you sure who drove the Boston ratings down 91% in the last book. Nice going Phil. I'm a shadow of my former song from the bitter doodah licking Johnny dark.
Also, Grand Parsons was in the birds in the flying vereto brothers is the fake rose folder. Oh, also less pollinary for did how high the moon, how high the cockamond remember that? You do know you know.
I think every every song that was ever recorded in that thing. I'm trying to find a coindio. What am I looking for in this? You're not going to you don't have it. Very forward. What? Give me a chance.
For this cat like escalade Ford Taurus. No, I don't have that. Like Sands through the hourglass and so are the days of our lives. That's the line. Thank you so much.
I'm going to be in a Brian or in my case, like Sands through the hourglass and so are the days I spend writing public policy papers for grad school from your number one fan in St. Augustine. A very blue Florida. Thanks Brian.
Brian likes me. He may not like the show, but he likes me. That's the important thing. We don't care whether you like the show just like us, especially fat Chris. He's under a lot of duress.
Yes. In fact, Johnny Joe said you ought to see that pink duress. Lovely. No, it's.
It's 560 QAM. The fourth leader. Come on, fat. So where is he? He's not even in there. Forget about that.
He's not in there. Where's he and Johnny Joe's office? Well, I can tell you got that right.
I'm going to sell and from my mind. I'll away. You can detect the smell of smoke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Oh, my God. He light up this cliff and smoke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. Smoke.
Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. The gun. Just be good. You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack. Smoke it every day until your long term black.
With all the money that we have made, Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid. American tourists come here and say, got nothing like this in the USA. They smoke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. They light up this cliff and smoke.
They begin to cough and choke. Smoke. Gun. Just smoke. Smoke. You fairly. They gun. Just be good.
Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't. Don't
Don't. No. That's called a junkie your
I mean,
You disappeared.
It's seventy-two along the coast.
I think that that stint of kiss push him over the edge, you know, over which edge?
Over under the dark side.
Preacher Roe is dead. I think we talked about this, didn't we?
Who?
Well, you wouldn't know because you don't know who that is and Fatsa wouldn't know because he's never on the show.
They were.
Preacher Roe.
Did I mention this yesterday? And I think so.
Well, that's where I flee was there. Yeah, he didn't know who it was either.
He's doofball.
Elwin Charles Preacher Roe, the cunning left-handed pitcher for the Brooklyn Dodgers in late 40s or early 50s,
who was selected a four consecutive All-Star teams died Sunday of Column Cancer,
and West Plains, Missouri, according to the Dodgers website, he was ninety-two, plenty old enough.
Oh, ninety-two.
Armed with an array of off-speed pitches, including the occasional illegal spitball that he later confessed to throwing.
See, that's why he croaked the Lord's Smodum for our throwing those illegal spitters.
When you think?
Absolutely.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Here's when in 93 games losing 37 for the Dodgers, which were good enough to make it to the World Series,
but usually lost to the Yankees. That's correct.
Roe pitched for the Dodgers in three World Series, 1949, 52 and 53,
shutting out the Yankees, 1-0 in 1949, his only World Series victory.
By the time Brooklyn won his first World Series, beating the Yankees in 55, Roe had retired.
Oh, geez. He retired too soon.
There's nothing worse than retiring too soon.
Talking about the spitball, he said, for Roe, the illusion of loading the ball was often enough to psych the hitter.
He said, I had a wet one and three fake wet ones, he said.
Oh, I got a great line for that, but I better not use it.
Oh, come on.
Not time to retire, not quite yet.
I don't see any follow-up by the way from Goofball from a Helen Dale.
When you think there'd be like a lengthy follow-up, the fact that I read all that swill on the air,
a brand and sent me a picture of something that didn't, it didn't, it didn't, it says, here's a treat,
and it's just a little, a little red X in the little box, and there's nothing.
Didn't show up, brand, instead of again or not.
Ian says, Les Paul was the first to overdub with a guitar.
I believe one of the first to get the most out of an electric guitar. That's correct.
He got the most out of it. He twanged it.
The world is waiting for a sunrise, was their best, and Mary Ford also overdubbed her voice.
Still a great track, by the way, we're still waiting for the sunrise. Yeah, me too. It's murky.
Just drove down to Pompovo from Hamilton. Now I can listen live. Took the auto train, saved driving 900 miles.
Nine hours to London, London, Virginia, Lorton, Virginia, which is Washington, got off the train with the car and
Sanford three hours jumped to the acres, Carolinian.
What does that mean? Don't know.
Oh, Sanford, Florida, three hours to the acres. Oh, Carolinian are in the acres.
A lot of Les Paul and Mary Ford talk. We must have a lot of old people listening.
Of course, I jumped in that Obama bandwagon to lure the young crowd.
Guess what? Loser, Lucas, whatever your name was. People out in the age of 100 don't listen to AM radio.
They don't care about your politics. They don't care about anything. They don't listen to AM radio. They don't even know what the hell it is.
Am I right? Right. In fact, a lot of them don't even listen to FM radio anymore. Radio is done. I told you that a long time ago.
But as long as I can still keep getting big checks every couple of weeks, why the hell not take it? I can use it.
I can find something useful to do with it. I can go to Woodbuy in the South, noon until at the clock, which I'm going to do.
Just out of spite to Lucas. I'm going to go there and win a zillion dollars just to piss you off, Lucas.
You phony, you fake, Terry, Lucas. I'll Dan from Maryland. I'm sure.
In fact, you know, I never did read the last email I got from Dan from Maryland.
I read it to you yesterday before the show, I think, tonight. Yeah.
Tragic. Tragic. And this is somebody who was the same thing back and forth and back and forth.
Hated, hated, loved, or what the hell is it? I wasn't going to read it. Yeah, here it is.
This is Daniel Nolte, not Nick Nolte.
You know, he switches back and forth after you block one. Then he comes up with the other one.
This was on Saturday, November 1. Subject personal.
High Neal. And this keep in mind, this is somebody who's been sending me these hateful.
The same stuff is Lucas. Oh, it used to be great. You don't have the balls to do this.
And why didn't you go to exam? And blah, blah, blah, you know, like that.
High Neal, I've emailed you a couple of times, but I'm really Dan from Maryland.
Just wanted to tell you that I ripped you before you stated the show is what it is now.
And that's all it's going to be forever. I have thought about this and the fact that you're 65, not 45.
I understand more now why you didn't go to exam.
When the beesleys and joy stopped you from what you can say and not say.
I didn't go to exam because they didn't offer me any money. They didn't want me then.
They don't want me now. Serious didn't want me then. They didn't want me now.
In spite of the crap that Howard was spewing. I didn't go anywhere.
You just don't pick up your microphone and go wherever the hell you want. Dan.
And here comes the coop to grass. Keep in mind, I don't know this guy from Adam.
He's just been exchanging a lot of mostly hostile emails.
It's just I have lost so much in my life like all of us, like my wife and a car accident in 1989.
Favorite things that will never be replaced like the Cherry Hill Arena where I played the Cherry Hill area where I played hockey.
And the fire is practiced there and they'd Latin casino in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
Also, I sat next to Ali there when I was 18 years old. He had a house in Cherry Hill at one time.
All the acts I saw at Gulf Stream during the winter on Saturday afternoon during the winter like Grand Funk Railroad, Michael McDonald, Eric Burton, etc.
Now what does that have to do with me?
He's had loss in his life. Haven't we all had loss in our lives if you live long enough? Yeah.
So what the hell is that guy to do with taking it out on me?
Leaving November 24th for Dan McGuent in the Philippines, if you want to see where I'm going to live and then he sends me a picture.
Cost just 6, Randy year to run on the beach, check it out. Gonna live with my new girlfriend and her baby from a previous relationship.
We'll send you a picture of her in a separate email. And here comes the best of all.
Still listen because there's nothing like your show anywhere. As usual, thanks for all the great years.
We'll still listen on the stream from Demoget or whatever the hell you pronounce it regards Dan regards.
Dan from Maryland, who now is back to being Dan Nolte, not Nick Nolte, Daniel Nolte.
He's had a lot of loss in his life. So obviously it must must be my fault.
Take it out on me Dan. Take your best shot.
4th leg of 5th.
Manium.
4th leg of 4th.
Meal.
God.
Absolutely.
96 miles across the sea.
Through the selfie beaches of Miami.
That's all it takes to reach it.
Save the town.
The land is kept planned.
The skate plans is kept planned.
Save the heat.
The way the rat flat was on our head.
Now we have to use toilet paper instead.
Escape into Miami.
Next target of a tank.
4th floor, 4th floor paradise.
Loaded with that fatigue.
Where our island is.
There's a big size thing.
I'm a little bit more than a giant.
But we really rather dreamt our feet.
Slash a few throat set of seas of boat.
Pointed towards Miami and off we go.
To where the angry humans slaughter their goat to the attack.
Attack, attack, attack.
Attack, that's our plan.
The skate plan.
The skate plan.
The skate plan.
The plans are planned.
The skate plan.
Tell me what is more effective.
Nailing a goat or a chicken to the door frame or a mizuza.
Why do you either want?
I mean why not do both?
Head to the back.
That's a good idea.
In fact you could put a mizuza in the chicken's mouth.
Excellent.
Here's the way the pole is shaping up so far.
The brand new one.
The new 50 one.
Oh you're mailing it in there.
You don't even have the decency to live here with us.
Better you than me.
That's all I can tell.
You stay there.
I'll stay here.
Even through all the snow and the ice and the minus 20 degrees.
I'll stay here.
I could at least tolerate insult to my blank.
Intelligence 37.
Penicise 15.
Family 14.
Spouse 12.
Weight 11.
Mama 10.
Yeah.
Save the drama for your mama.
Performance in bed 8.
Political preferences 6.
Line of work 5.
Gang 4.
Beer preference 4.
Disability 3.
Ethnicity or race 3.
Income level 2.
Gender 2.
School or college 2.
As in M.S.U.
Sports team preference 2.
Choice a car I drive 2.
Don't be knocking a vet.
If you can't afford one, don't knock it.
Looks 2.
Tasted men or women 1.
Native language 1.
Like.
Hight 1.
Religion 1.
NONE yet 4.
State or region.
Native country.
Fashion style.
Breast size.
Sexual persuasion or name.
It'll be knocking my name.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
Real or fake.
They call it right to just very true.
in Game Birds?
신 we took calls yesterday.
We took enough.
Ftoi we will approach it right.
Check out what.
We came out with and gave nothing on we wouldn't go on.
But.
We tried to get out to call everybody when on the street.
But she tuned to aendenาwara.
There was the hammock.
There was a Mrs.
passing the start of the court of Jollyjo 2015.
巨 cold was reported that they ever had sex on their clock.
Genius transfer grant cure.
bill my correct i i imagine must say i missed the calls are you planning on bringing
them back soon no i'm not jolly joe and in part much thanks to you in large part
how do you like that for a bunch of communist crap
i don't see any calls coming in on there i would i would punch up a couple to make
joe happy and let's set some up let me run around the building here yeah and that's
right that's good idea get jerks to make some calls
and right out of script while you're at it
the fake gregg butel wants to know to davi haggen work at wqm yes he did
as a matter of fact and i guess gregg must be writing a book
he's writing his memoirs even though gregg never worked at qa
he did work at uh... waxy the original waxy fm 104 5.9
gregg butel he failed there he failed on what what else was he on he was on um
love it loves 94
fact he failed pretty much everywhere he was the public hate you gregg i hate to
and i want you to feel bad about it
but the public hate you like poison wqa m hello
i could you give me the phone number to your uh... pro shop to our what
pro shop
pro shop yes
what are you babbling about sir
abbling
and all the uh... that's it and the goes good in your back don't
trash marince him in there
wqa m hello
uh... the only less possible i remember is how high the moon that's
that you hear that when yes you're how high the moon how low your uh... yeah
right whenever
so okay whatever is the definitive uh... word
whatever
well there you go there's some calls for a joe
i love the way the i had to ask your neil interact with the callers that
and that that's the only way of trying to encourage me to take some calls
as opposed to saying why don't you take some calls nil
uh...
probably flea is the one who put you up to you know sending the fake email
wqa m hello
sir there's a hurricane coming down here
die oh wow okay yeah he's back crazy mario
sir there's a hurricane coming to get some new material you loser
go nila dead chicken to your door okay or just go nail your head to the door
better idea
michael says you can't do far jokes but joe scarborough can drop the f-bomb
and apologize that's it
they go nuts over jenny jackson's tenth of a second wardrobe move and others
are going to be glossed over they should be joist for being what a hypocrite
looks like in the mirror uh... loyal listener michael thank you michael
michael's got no complaints
unlike jolly joe and lester in the hell in there whatever his name was what's
the name
lucus oh
lucus
not to be confused but leave not to be confused with leave by the future
a son-in-law of a sarah palan not
it was going to be the future son-in-law then she they got wild in the election
and once all is crap with the McCain people ripping her and ask aren't they the
ones who picked her right well we don't know what's going on there
what do you mean by that it's like nobody's owning up to it somebody said
something and then everybody's like oh i didn't say that
yeah sure sure wqa m hello hi Neil yes sir
i don't have much to say i'd like to say this
wqa m hello
hey wonderful ball ground
mm-hmm there they are side by each
jolly joe's prizes
i wouldn't be surprised if he hangs out with him too way on days when fat
christmas otherwise occupied hangs out with the fearsome force him you know
i'm your friend
hi Ron and then of course uh... those two
wqa m hello
Neil yes sir what do you think of the marlin trade
i don't
i don't care
it's a baseball town i don't care what's a baseball town is that why they have
the lowest attendance in a major league says it's a baseball town oh my
god it's a baseball town my ass crazy person
yeah it's a baseball town you should live so long
fact i got the article way down in my pile way down in there my me and
or my me day to vote again for the marlin stadium sure it fixes in
they'll spend your tax money on it in spite of the fact they know
overwhelming the public don't want any part of that but now they'll spend your
tax money on it and they'll build another new white elephant oh hey it's
gonna be the greatest thing uh... by the orange bowl
anybody want to go where the orange bowl was no
anybody interested in the marlin no anybody want to go to a baseball game
itself for no
no
even though they had a much better season than anticipated anybody could
have ever dreamed for uh... still nobody showed up
if i'd say george's interest in the marlins is about average of what it is in
south Florida wow right well i think that's a doubt
oh oh
consaco apologize gets probation for drug charge boy he's got issues Jose in
spite of what was an uh... iliana keeps looking his ass
Jose consaco went to a teahont a pharmacy looking for something to boost
his testosterone level
after years of admitted steroid use and got himself in trouble again
limping slightly and saying he's tired to press nearly bankrupt the
former slugger pleaded guilty today to a mr. meteor offense of try to bring
a fertility drug across the mexican border he was sentenced to one
uh... since the twelve months of unsupervised probation
the forty four-year-old consuckle apologized to us magistrate judge
rubin brook saying i made an honest mistake as opposed to a dishonest mistake
you know
brook's wondered allowed whether to make a community service and drug test in
conditions of consuckle sentence the judge decided against those
stipulations after attorney Greg Emerson said consuckle was dealing with
physical difficulties due to his steroid use and he's doing his best to turn
his life around yeah turn it around Jose it was ignorance on my part as all
it was consaco told ap consaco who also said he's got a bum knee
faced a maximum sentence of one year in prison and a maximum fine of a grand
the former star was ordered to pay twenty five dollars special assessment
twenty five bucks maybe illianable paid for him on it goes on and on it's long
and ponderous once a scumbuck it always a scumbuck
the biggest name the best talent you know it is no rejects four hundred five sixty
quam the fourth lead the biggest names the best talent it's the big dog
joros weekday morning seven at 10 sports radio five sixty quam the sports
you
You have got to get the prize!
Get the prize!
I'll teach you the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Get the prize!
Let me 45 at 560 WQAM.
Boy, Thursday we got...
Now, how come they couldn't start the pre-game festivities at noon on Thursday?
I'm sorry.
Tell us wrong with you.
What do you mean you're sorry? What do you got to do with it?
Out of the orange. Right here. What?
Well, don't you think that would be a great idea?
I mean, the game starts at 730.
Yeah.
I think 7 and a half hours of pre-game festivities will be perfect for the Keynes.
No, too.
Do you think that's enough though?
Well, they've already got the 5 and a half hours, started, they've moved it up to 2 o'clock.
Hurricane's Game Day special with... or the big O, 2 to 330.
So, they've tacked on an extra hour and a half with his show, and then 330.
They've got Hurricanes Game Day, and then you have a lucifer, Virginia Tech Thursday night.
And then followed by Hurricanes Extra Point.
Wow. All the Keynes all the time on Thursday.
How about your clearance and the beast?
Are going to really be doing it.
Hurricane, f***ing blow!
Well, speaking of doing it, I got one from the fake Joyce.
A Joyce bitch.
Warning.
Mr. Rogers, I've been getting some complaints about you, Neil.
Apparently, there's been some explicit references to gay sex and Hershey highways on your show lately.
I guess maybe Joyce has never been through Pennsylvania.
This is unacceptable discussion for the ear, Neil.
I'm also hearing that there have been references of Joe Bell and Chris Whalen having sex.
Joe Bell is a big wigg at the station, Neil, and we will not have these slander remarks about him going out on the ear.
These types of comments make the station look very bad, and this is not good.
If you'd like to continue your employment at WQM, this needs to stop.
I cannot have any remarks about Cornholes, Hershey highways, man sticks,
blooding anuses or pimply asses.
This needs to stop or face the consequences, signed Ms. Joyce bitch.
Oh, woo!
How do you like that?
Arad.
I guess she told me a thing or two.
Here's one from the fake Howard David.
Neil, I hate you.
I've been fired from my lucrative career— wait a minute, let me start again.
Neil, I hate you.
Do do do do do.
What's that on?
I've been fired from my lucrative career and said,
like radio, it's all your fault.
They told me my two pace smells like cat cramp.
They also claim I had a license in my two pay.
You totally destroyed my reputation, Neil, because of you, I can't get a job.
Everywhere I go, people ask me why I stole your pizza.
I hate you, Neil.
You're going to burn and hell you faggot and sign Howard.
And then he says,
just for good measure.
Case I missed the first one.
Mr. Radio is back.
Boy, just when you thought you got rid of the lowest slime on the face of the globe,
I'd rather hear from the fake Moe any day.
The Mr. Radio, who's sucking around, you know.
What's with these people?
You didn't kill the show, the Jackass Collars, and WQM management did.
It's funny that all these people hate your show, but they listen in the email every day.
I still have your show, although I'd like to hear you on a station
and it's got a reliving and breathing people on it.
It'd be great to have you on serious or XM.
I find it hard to believe they don't want you as you claim.
Most people in this respect is I claim.
No, they want me.
They want to pay me 10 million a year.
I'm just more happy to sit here and work for Joe Bell.
With a prospect of starting January 1, working for food stamps.
No more dolphin tickets, no more hockey tickets, no more any speeding tickets, no more nothing.
Anything that he could cut.
And of course, George, he gave a big 3% raise and promised all kinds of string you with sales efforts to make George more money.
And of course, our names don't even come up in the sales meeting.
No, not at all.
Not even his jokes, you know, not even crime.
And their penalty of death.
If anybody mentions our name in a sales meeting on this station, they immediately get shot.
Or even worse than that, sent across the street like Miguel.
How's he doing, by the way, here from Miguel?
Everyone's along.
Is he doing okay over there with all those losers?
He's fine.
Well, I know that.
Well, he used to be anyway.
Then he got married and all kinds of stuff.
You know how that goes?
I do.
Guys get married and that's the end of their honor.
Try to warn them.
You're young guys if we have any, which I doubt.
I don't get out there.
Nobody wants to listen to me.
No.
Well, what do you know?
Exactly.
Anyway, here's more of that story about the two people got shot in this.
We had a little bit yesterday, but whoever emailed it to me like, emailed around the edges.
You know what I mean?
In other words, the meat of the story wasn't there.
Yeah.
This is football in the deep South, baby, in the USA.
Mobile, Alabama.
Witnesses said a man in his former wife was shot to death over an argument about the Alabama Louisiana State football game.
Though a spokesman for the Sling family, this view to that Monday.
The Sling man's family facing it on this ballgame is totally false.
It's Shannon Odom, half brother of Dennis James Smith.
Dennis James, okay?
Okay.
Okay.
He's dead.
What a shame.
He was a good guy.
He was like a game show host and he was like a spokesman for Kellogg's and now you don't hate Kellogg's day.
No, no, no, no.
From Battle Creek, Michigan.
Absolutely.
This is Battle Creek.
I bet you Johnny Darks is Battle Creek.
I knew a girl from Battle Creek.
I'd have sent Johnny Dark up the Creek.
Hey, Johnny, you loser.
Smith 41 and Donna K. Hall, Smith 39 were shot to death about 7 p.m. Saturday.
And the Royal Community of Owasa and Southern Alabama.
I know there's a wasso Michigan and they're, oh, Owaso.
This is Owasa.
The Connacuse, your county sheriff's office said the two divorced about five years ago.
Recently, they've gotten back together.
We're playing to re-Mary Odom, said, I guess that won't happen.
Maybe they'll meet in heaven or in hell.
Michael Williams, 28 was charged with two counts of murder in the shooting at his home when he and others watched the game.
He was being held Monday without bond and a sheriff's investigator didn't know if he had an attorney.
People at Williams' home said the dispute was over the game which Alabama won in overtime, 27-21.
Witnesses said Williams was an Alabama fan and Dennis Smith rooted for LSU but Odom disputed that describing Smith as an adamant, tied fan.
The Crimson Tied, adamant.
My team's better than your team.
Why don't we have that?
Chicken heck.
To the tune of my religion's better than yours.
My team's better than yours.
What do you think?
All right.
Why not?
Odom said the problem may have been between Smith and a co-worker of his who related to Williams and was at Williams' home Saturday.
A 30's also said, Donna Smith was related to Williams' girlfriend.
I think there's more to it than just the ball game Connacuse shares.
Edwin Borker said, we're still investigating.
And investigator said, booze may have been a factor.
And not booze in ball games.
Oh no.
Never heard of that.
According to witnesses, Dennis Smith called Williams after the game and the Smiths went to Williams' home where a fight led to the shooting.
Dennis Smith had a pistola and Williams had a shotgun, authority said.
In the phone call, someone reportedly said, Alabama just got lucky LSU shoot a one.
There wasn't clear who said it.
Borker said, Smith jumped out of his truck and hit Williams.
Odom said the Smiths were driving to another town of his at a family member.
He didn't know why they stopped at Williams' home.
He said, Donna Smith, and just called her mother to talk about the game.
Everything was cool.
He said, next thing we know, they're dead.
They're dead.
Not brown.
They're dead.
That's Miami, Dave, of course.
Oh, Brandon had sent this to me earlier and it was a big news to me, I guess.
Send it to me before the show 817 this morning.
Here it is almost noon and I forgot all about.
Well, it's down in my pod.
You know, I got a growing pile.
Like that bleeding hemorrhage that the doctor Al sent about yesterday, remember that?
I enjoy it.
By the way, you left that thing about the bleeding hemorrhage exploding off your list of complaints.
We just got the license back, honey.
Just relax.
Brandon says Sky12 made a hard landing this morning after losing power around 6.20 a.m.
The chopper landed safely on its belly like fat Chris just east of I-95 near Boynton Beach Boulevard.
This is from a WPEC TV and WFTLAM.
It says both our traffic reporter Paul Cavittal and the pilot escaped serious injury.
They were transported to Bethesda Memorial Hospital where they were being treated for minor injuries.
The chopper crashed.
The pilot landed after getting a warning light looking for a safe place to land.
The landing here in the chopper was damaged.
Tail of the chopper was also split in half.
The main section of the chopper is still intact.
Our best wishes are with our partners for a speedy recovery.
It says we'll keep you posted from Channel 12.
And WFTL850.
Nobody knows the call that is because there's 15 different WFTLs.
Nice going over there James Crystal Radio.
That's the kind of radio that Norma can't want to get me into.
The big time, man.
850, 1970 on the dial, stuff like that.
Laura says I'm sure you watched KO last night.
No, I did not.
Meaning Keith Oberman?
Yeah.
I was very moved.
I hope you were too.
I wasn't moved because I didn't watch it.
I'm wondering if you could have ever posted somewhere on your website.
So other people could watch it.
No, I've sent an email links to my friends.
I'll listen to you sure.
Obviously I won't attach it here, but you can find it at msnbc.com.
If you want to see Oberman show what everyone she's talking about, msnbc.com.
On another note, please don't get rid of Chris.
Despite what you said yesterday, I think you should reconsider.
I work seven days a week at weekends off every 15 days.
All I do in my weekends is sleep.
Thanks for your time.
Hugs Laura.
P.S. to Chris.
Hold on there.
You got fans out there.
Chris, Laura.
Thank you, Laura.
Maybe Laura's got the hotspour for Chris.
Maybe she saw that lovely picture on our website, the old Slomphawk picture.
Maybe she's got you confused with Jolly Joe.
No.
Maybe Jolly Joe gave out my Yahoo email address to another anonymous listener.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Anybody dumb enough to give out my email address to that other guy?
Remember that?
Yep.
That's Jolly Joe for you.
I thought you wanted to talk to your fans, Neil.
Yeah, he may not be good, or at least he's consistent two years of misery, two years of failure,
two years of butchery, two years of misery.
And by the way, to those of you people send me emails about P.S.A.s.
They must be talking about the streaming.
Oh, yeah, I think you're right.
Yeah.
Well, that's what they're referring to.
We don't have any P.S.A.s on a show.
No.
And even if we did, why, if you listen to a show, why do you care what the commercials are?
Obviously, we hope people listen to them and patronize our wonderful sponsors.
Remember who you're talking about?
These are the lifeless nitpickers out there.
Oh, I have no life.
You mean like what's his name in Hellenay?
Who never followed up on that fantastic first email?
Lucas, I guess he got it all out of his system.
Or maybe he's not listening anymore.
Huh?
By Lucas?
No, no chance.
It's like the thing with the phone.
You could go, you could turn the phone off for like six years, not take a single call.
And just like it was either yesterday or whatever the hell maybe it was on when you were on vacation.
The very first call.
Hi, Ron.
Remember that?
Fat Chris?
Yep.
Hi, Ron.
The biggest needs.
The best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
My Miami for Latter-day.
This is pretty quick.
Whenever I shave my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
Whoo!
2000 Forks Your Sucks.
Next year we'll have more luck.
I can see it now.
I bet they'll cure Matt Cal.
Might even fight a cure.
For that guy, Michael Moore.
When you feel your SUV, that gas will all be free.
Even when we'll cut our taxes, deficits will still go down.
And rather we'll not use taxes.
Osama will be found.
I know there will be peace throughout the Middle East.
All keys will graduate and careerise will be.
So straight, please let it be a great year.
I sure hated this year.
Don't need wars or elections.
And no more flu infections.
TV will be cleaner.
And Star Jones will be cleaner.
Let's all look on the bright side.
It's 2000.
2000.
In 2005.
Oh my God, I got the best email of the day.
I'm printing it out right now.
A real one.
A real one from a close person.
Get out, I don't believe you.
What?
A real email?
Oh, it's short and to the point.
It's from your close-up type personal friend, Jolly Jo Bell,
who obviously sits in his office and listens all day.
Well, that makes one person in the building.
Yeah.
Oh, and it didn't print.
So I guess I'll have to go back to it.
Damn it.
Basically, he's protesting.
I didn't give out your email address or yada, yada, yada,
anybody, but if you want me to, et cetera, et cetera.
Yeah, how do you like that?
Is that incredible talk about uptight?
How do you know it's the real one?
In box.
Here it is, Jo Bell.
Lame someone else.
I have not given your email address.
Your phone number or anything else out to anyone.
But I will, if you want me to, Jo Bell.
It's the real Jo Bell.
I'm my hotmail.
How do you like that?
Real uptight and defensive.
I don't know what that's all about.
Wow.
I guess Chris must be getting to him.
Are you put a little bit too much pressure on old Jolly Jo?
Is that it?
Say what?
Wow.
Don't you think that's like a little bit of an overreaction?
He did give out my email address.
We all know that.
Everybody was your witness to that.
That was months ago, though.
I think he learned his lesson.
Or not, as the case may be.
Who the hell cares?
Johnny Dork says the real one.
Retire!
Neo, what's your problem with me?
You're an idiot.
That's why you're an A-hole.
I'm not a racist.
Just tell it like it is like you used to.
I don't believe you for a second.
You're just scared to make the change.
I know Nick Charles wanted you with clear channels.
Nick Charles isn't the guy that's Ken Charles, okay?
Nick Charles, a clear channel, as did other stations.
Wrong.
Also, Scott Farrell claims Howard would have you on his station.
You just don't return calls or email on your Yahoo email.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
You're just old tired and lazy.
That's it, Johnny.
I'm old tired and lazy, and I love my good buddy Joe Bell.
I love working for uptight Joe.
I didn't give your email address up out of the bag.
But I will if you want me to.
Go away, Joe.
Go do something constructive.
Wait a minute.
This must be the same thing.
Yeah, here it is.
You hear it?
Blame someone else.
I have not given your email address.
Your phone number, anything else.
But I will if you want me to.
El Paso, Joe, just go away.
Go to lunch.
Maybe you and Joe could go have a good lunch.
Chris, that's okay.
George, I'll take it again.
Hey, you can go have a good lunch and you can be negotiating at your deal.
You can get like 3.2%.
Anyway, speaking of Dave Hagen,
the fake great Voodels obsessed with Dave Hagen for whatever reason.
He was a good guy.
You want to know where he is now?
Dave Hagen?
Yeah.
Is it like a New York or something?
He's on serious NFL radio now.
Oh, I do like that.
Everybody's on serious.
It's like everybody used to be on ESPN.
Now they're all on serious XM.
Dave can give you the spy report on mo getting canned from late hits.
The co-host couldn't stand it.
It says, I don't understand that.
He was so popular at QAAM.
Everybody just loved the moment.
Even Joe Bell loved the moment.
And Greg, remember how Greg loved the moment?
I remember one time Greg in the parking lot said to me,
what are we going to do about Howard?
Meaning how are we going to get rid of him?
And I just kind of chuckle.
I went like, kind of like that.
And then Greg to know that jolly joe listens to every minute of the show every day.
I'm delighted.
Are you pleased?
Again, besides those of us in the studio here.
Yeah, that makes one.
Well, here's another one from the fake Barney Frank.
This is a follow up to the one last week.
I like follow ups.
Unlike Lucas from Hellendale who didn't have the balls to follow up his first.
Skaving emails telling me to step aside.
Step aside, Neil.
It's time to step down.
You've lost a step.
Flip.
Hi, Neil.
This is Senator Barney Frank.
I wanted to check in and see if you've taken any time to consider my offer from last week.
I've been masturbating to that sexy picture of you on the website for the last week.
And dreaming of how much a fun couple of kami pinko liberals like us could have together.
I need a sexy beast of man like you in my life.
I'm so lonely now that my boyfriend has left me.
I have a lot of money, Neil.
I could make you very happy.
I'd love to fly you in your sidekick George here to Massachusetts.
I can set up George in a nice hotel, providing with some of the best weed the US has to offer.
And you can enjoy some dinners at taxpayers' expense.
We can go back to my place.
I can make you feel like a real man.
Like I said last time, I have a very tight and clean sphincter.
And Joyce didn't say anything about sphincter, did she?
In that memo?
No.
Not yet.
I've been told that my ass is very tight and warm.
Please, Neil, consider my proposition.
You'll never find a man like me, Neil.
Please contact me, Representative Barney Frank.
Wow.
Palence's God will show her the way to the White House.
Maybe God will show her the way to the tea room.
Oh, I've got just tons of stuff here.
Although I think we probably should take some calls.
Don't you?
That's a little...
That's a little...
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
It's the fake lifeguard, but the fake British accent, yes.
Neil, I was wondering...
It's the fake Maxwell Tuts.
You're building.
How long have I been working on this one?
Okay, since the topic last time I've been working on this Tony Exet,
is that how long you've been working on it?
I'm not working on it.
Well, they are testing today.
That must have been Joe doing a voice, too, thank you.
I didn't give your email address.
I was just joking about that before.
He gets really testing.
Does he?
He wasn't testing on that list, by the way.
You can't say that.
Oh.
Now, the stuff that comes in that looks like Chinese.
That's from Macintosh.
From Mac is back.
Okay.
Now, the emails that come in like in that unintelligible script.
Somebody was saying to me that that's probably sent by a Mac and it's not compatible.
The Dow's down 271, by the way.
What about Captain Angel Lemiel says, Michelle?
Well, I'd pull his already gone, honey.
Gone.
Oh, look at that.
Brandon sends me a picture of Brandon, you bastard.
A picture of my favorite mushroom Swiss from Hardies.
And the picture looks good enough to eat.
God.
Yeah, he's back into that thing of sending me food pictures again today trying to kill me.
Here's the fake Adam Kirschner.
What happened all your live reads?
It sounds like you have two accounts now.
Did the sales people not sell your show?
That's correct.
They don't even talk about our show during the sales meetings.
We're off limits.
What happened to Tom Denimer and Fatboy?
Tom, why would you lump them in together?
Tom Denimer is a good guy.
Fatboy is what he is.
Walking turd.
What happened all the sponsors you had on WNW, WSW, YNZ, WIOD?
Yaddi, yaddi, yaddi.
Says Adam, well, the fake Adam Kirschner, who's very concerned about it.
I'm not, not until January anyway.
Heineuless Paul still plays every Monday night at the Euridium Theatre in Times Square.
Never saw him.
He's in his 90s now and he's, I hear he's still James, says David.
The NHL needs to get rid of the shootout.
It's a waste.
I agree with that.
Heading to Florida this weekend for football, Paloza.
Gators and Gamecocks in Saturday in the swamp.
Then my beloved Raiders against the dolphins.
Oh, beloved Raiders.
Is that who they play this week?
The Raiders?
Correct.
What kind of a schedule have they got?
My God.
Are they ever going to play a real team?
And I know they play the Patriots again.
Like I said, are they ever going to play a real team?
That was down almost 300 points.
Tell Fat Chris will be tailgating in W-22.
Alan Dresner is alive and living in Thailand.
I'll have to email him and tell him to stay away from that guy from Maryland.
Yeah, stay away from Dan from Maryland.
Alan, he's a lunatic.
But he's had some loss in his life.
Yeah, that's what I would do every time I have lost my life.
I'd take it out on some radio talk show guy.
I sent him a bunch of hostile emails.
There.
Retire.
Yeah, like that.
What a maniac.
And closing this is a cigar shop downstairs in my building.
We've one of the cigar store engines.
I find myself saying engine killer every time I see it.
I thought he was going to say something about vocamper.
Your show is great.
And you keep on doing it on the show too.
Your friend of yours city day.
He says gogators and long live the radar nation.
They couldn't beat a little girls team of blind kids.
Are you kidding me?
The raiders.
Neil, would it kill you to take a collar once in a while?
Like the fake Brit.
Geez.
You're so.
What does it say?
I don't know like you're so gd busy.
Susandra, which is then we just get through taking a few calls.
Just not.
Yeah.
And yeah, it would kill me.
Okay, they suck.
They blow the fake Brit.
Same old tired routine.
The same for Luna lunatics losers.
And they probably sent in the conference room with Jolly Joe.
He may not be given out the email address, but I'm sure he's he's you know, a corpus rating.
He's engineering.
He's the pivot man in that group.
WQAM.
Hello.
See, kills me to take these damn calls.
They suck.
WQAM.
Hello.
Do you think George or others getting will bleed to the genders?
WQAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Good afternoon.
How are you?
Good afternoon, sir.
Welcome to our world of WQAM 560 on your AM dial.
All right.
Hey, my friend wants to talk to you.
Hi, Neil.
What's your show all about?
I don't even understand.
WQAM.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Even Edgar Bergen did better than that.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
Yeah, I just I just wanted to say congratulations to President Obama.
Where are we coming in new elected president?
Yeah.
I'm sure.
I'm glad to be able to go over instead of McCain because McCain was still out there.
You know, he would have kept killing, you know, the Muslim people over there in Iraq.
And yeah, because I'm Muslim.
And you know, are you a terrorist?
No, I'm definitely not a terrorist.
I'm sure now.
No, it's land doesn't teach terrorism.
No.
That's just fundamentalist.
Like fundamentalist Christians.
Like fundamentalist Christians, like fundamentalist Jews.
No, fundamentalist Jews don't kill anybody.
Not yet.
That doesn't mean any of the Arab people.
They're the only ones that have.
Just Arabs.
Oh, they don't kill.
They don't kill.
They're animals anyway.
Okay, well, Zagia's done, pal.
Keep it halal.
Yeah.
Okay, see ya.
Don't be in any trace now.
Come on.
See, that's an amazing part of it is that the Jews and the Arabs have got so much in common.
And yet they're always trying to kill each other.
That's because the Lord told them to do it.
There's no food.
God, you're like a bare man.
Neil God.
What?
There's no feud like a family feud.
That's right.
It's the family feud, the Jews and the Arabs.
All the children of Abraham.
That's right.
Abraham Solomon, my grandpa.
229 votes on our second poll.
Not too shabby.
What do we get on the first one, Tubby?
Almost a thousand.
We are kicking big, sweaty, smelly-ass and spider jobels obsession with the phone calls.
896.
The biggest name.
Wow.
The best town.
This is Neil Rogers.
4.805.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is the mad dog.
The man that's half the news.
4.705.
The sports radio.
5.60QAM.
The sports leader.
I'm Mark Morgan.
Now here's Neil Rogers on 5.60QAM.
Break down, shout.
Where the mudwems go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You've got some cool old.
A station on.
You've hanged on.
Ready.
Oh.
Now I snore.
Caroline goes.
Rolly's a big city.
You know.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go.
For Golly, Riley, Joe.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
They had Joe go to 5.60Q with radio.
And then he goes.
And then he goes.
And then he goes.
And then he goes.
So earth for the same.
He hasn't done anything.
For what goes on.
The air at two.
Joe don't have a stink.
And gloom out of four.
Not, but essentially blows.
Sport all radio.
Here's the GM.
Of 5.60Q.
Jolly, Riley, Joe.
Now here's an excellent email about Jolly.
Joe from Rocky.
He says maybe Joe could take some time from emailing you.
and take some of the money he's stealing from the beesleaves and fix the signal.
Yeah, drive out to the tower and the P on the tower, Joe. Go fix the signal.
It says, I'm in Coke on a creek and the signal has so much static. It's un-listenable.
Let me say it again. Un-listenable. Sorry, Rocky. Maybe Joe during his lunch break
will go out there and pee on the tower. We can only hope. And of course, if he does that,
I bet your crystal probably want to go out and lend him a hand. Right? Sure.
Why not? Here's one from Ramel who says, why is it that fat old men like stuffing themselves in small cars
like fat black girls wearing spandex? I don't know that fat old men head small car. Would you consider my car a small car?
No. Then what does that mean? It's not small. No, I know it's not the vet is not small. It's just, you know, just right.
Not too big. Not too small. Not too hot. Not too cold. It's just right. It's a right.
Cliff John, J-E-A-N. Isn't that how you'd say it like a Haitian name? Yes. Cliff John says, hey,
Neil, I just wanted to say keep up the good work. Keep making this laugh and tell Georgie sucks. You suck, Georgie.
Oh, yeah, yeah. It says, tell Georgie sucks. You suck. I got a horrible obituary.
First, we had preacher road die. All the great left handers are dying. And now Herb score dead at 75.
Not a shame? Yeah, whatever. He used to smoke big stokeies. Can we get the definitive word on
St. Major dead or alive? I'd like to find out how my two grand is doing from how many years ago was
that about 20 years ago? At least more than that because I was living over at that other house on
121st am. Like 20 maybe 22 years ago that two grand ought to be worth what about a half a million now,
at least. And by the way, for those people who keep covenching about PSAs and spots, let me tell you,
I hate to break the news to you, but the economy's in the toilet. Okay, we're in a damdy pression. GM is
on the verge of going bust. And these people are worried about PSAs on the streaming. You keep
screaming about the streaming. And like one email, I'll get to it eventually if I find it. Like he
says, it's for free. So what's the big deal? You know, it's free hearing the streaming doesn't cost
you any money. So what do you care whether there's making money on it or whether it's just there?
Right? Right. Now, he's an expensive thing for them to be streaming the signal out there is
a cost of any money. I have no idea. What do you think, Fatso? No idea. Why not? Because I don't know
that's the that's technical computer crap that's supposed to be right up your alley selling.
Anyway, the fake Greg Budell is obsessed with Dave Hagen. This is I like Dave. He's a handsome man.
He's a producer and host on Sirius 124. He says a lot of people in the building talk about you
including Gary Delavante and John Heine Howard's turns producers. Is that how you pronounce Gary's name?
I don't know. Oh, I don't either because I don't listen. I have was forced to listen that trip up
here back in May. Oh, never again. So the fake Greg Budell is obsessed with Dave Hagen,
which means he's probably coming from Dave Hagen. Because it says he's a handsome man. He looked
a human. I wouldn't say was handsome. He looked human. Ready for this. Oh, but first preach your
row and now herbs score. Oh, and he was only 75 like a like a kindergarten kid. Form or cleave
that and you know how many pages on this obituary six freaking pages. Can you believe that?
I could read this till midnight and still not finish it. Form or cleave that Indians pitcher and
broadcaster Herbscore died this morning at 75 at his home in Rocky River. The Indians confirmed
today. He was a brilliant Indians pitcher whose baseball career was virtually ended at age 23.
When he was hit in the right eye by a line drive off the bat of Gilnick Duwill of the Yankees May 17,
1957. I remember that like it was yesterday. I also remember Herbscore used to smoke big
stokies. That's that's what made me think a stand major. Big stokies. Now does it do my stand major
in presentation? Then he became a Cleveland sports casting institution calling Indian games on
radio and TV for 34 years. More than anyone else in the city's baseball history. He gained a loyal
following although he didn't have the greatest voice of allocation. He was like a favorite
something a talk tanked me. I don't know how to can't read it.
Oh he was like a favorite uncle who talked baseball. I see. It's chopped off. Let's do a few shows
on that. How we get rid of the chopping off. For me broadcasting the games like sitting in the
stands talking to the fellow seeing next to me said still to those who had seen his talent on the
mound. It was comparable to Napoleon becoming a war correspondent. Now what does it say here what
he died from? Ted Williams said that the Herbscore had the best fastball any left hander he ever
faced said the late Ken Coleman one time Indian sportscaster. Ken Coleman was great by the way.
It was also former Red Sox broadcaster and did the Browns games for many many years.
Back in those days before expansion each team in the NFL had its own TV announcer. They had their
own regional telecast like a Chris Shankle did the New York Giants and Ken Coleman did the Browns
and like that. Do you know that Chris? Did not know that. There you go. And that would occur.
Doudy did the Patriots I believe the Boston Patriots I think. The left he was the American League
of the Year. 1955 when he won 16 lost 10 for the Indians. Score received 18 to 24 votes from the
voters for working of the year. He had struck out 245 batters of rookie records. It's said for 29
years till Dwight Gooden broke it with the Mets in the era of wild swimmers. But a beep, but a
beep, but a beep, but a beep. What did he die from? Maybe it doesn't say. 1957.
Bill Nick Duel, the second batter of the game, reached for a low pitch and lined it back at score.
The ball crashed into his face breaking his nose. Cutting his right eyelid and causing swelling
and hemorrhaging of the cheekbone and eyelid. Third baseman Al Smith picked up the caramans throughout
McDougal at first. Remember, Al Smith? I do. Score was knocked to the ground bleeding profusely.
He was immediately surrounded by teammates and Yankee players alike.
Team Aid Vic Warts playing first baseman rushed over and retreated when he saw the blood.
I mean, how can he be a major league baseball player and be afraid of a little bit of blood, you know?
A gallon or two of blood. I'm looking through this thing. I want to see what he died from. He was 75.
Because I'm trying to think about what I'm going to croak from pretty soon. I mean, I'm 66.
Although I never got hit in the head with a baseball. On October 8th, 1998,
score was almost killed in a car accident. He'd been inducted to the broadcasting Hall of Fame
in the previous night in Akron, Ohio. Then left a hotel earlier that morning and dragged to Florida.
He was alone in his Buick River or any port of the path of a tractor trailer in New Philadelphia,
South of Cleveland, 80 miles.
Collided with a tractor trailer, score suffered hip and head injuries in the crash.
It was on his way to Florida for a kid. This just keeps you repeating a lot of stuff over and over and over again.
It doesn't say what he croak from though. He was 75 just just a spring chicken like I said.
You think 75 is old? Yeah, it is, but not when you're 74. Correct.
The biggest name. The best talent. He goes to New Rogers.
425-60-Q-16-6.
435.
I gotta feel cool this right now, Bill. Kind of like a unit in a horror house.
Sing, come, come, and dance.
Sing, come, and dance.
Sing, come, and dance.
All right.
Go, come, and dance.
Just a month.
I did it.
Go, come, and dance.
Sing, and dance.
You're friends.
We call it when the day is going to be loud.
We love you, love you, love.
We are not the key.
The greatest victory day is done.
We have to go.
Say it hard, say it wrong.
But the sound's never been bad.
Pro 31, okay.
Here's the definitive answer from the real Johnny Dark, who's just obsessed.
He's even angrier than the Johnny Joe Belde.
Johnny's just whipped up into a right-wing frenzy.
Ray retire.
He says, despite your great talent, you've been blacklisted in the industry because of your
backstabbing ways.
A lot of important people respect you in the industry, but won't hire you because you've
burned too many bridges.
Guess what, Johnny?
I'm doing okay.
Had a really great dinner on my birthday, Ruth Chris?
I'm going off to wouldbine at two o'clock, have a good time this afternoon, plunge in my guts out.
Got plenty of disposable income.
Even after January 1st, I'll still be doing fairly well, Johnny.
I've been blacklisted in the industry.
See, I'm not a backstabber.
I'm a frontstabber.
I come right out on the year, right out in the open, and I tell people what I think.
I don't backstab.
It's better what George says.
What?
Yeah, here's a mark.
Mark Murphy about PSAs.
Some public service announcement do play what seems like 20 times during four hours on the streaming.
Well, don't worry about it.
Okay, Mark.
Like he says, the streaming is free.
I'm in no position to complain.
Good.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
At least he admits that he's in no position to complain good.
Why'd you bring it up in the first place?
Who cares?
The spots on the streaming.
Oh, and it's the big ol' again.
What?
Who cares?
Leave the guy alone.
He wants to make a living.
He's got a family to support, okay?
Even if he thinks he's rock solid.
I told you we're in a depression.
DHL closes hubs and cuts 9,500 jobs.
Thanks, Brandon.
Deliver company DHL said yesterday it will cut 9,500 US jobs.
Men by early next year will focus its US express arm exclusively on international offerings.
DHL US Express will close its domestic ground hubs and cut the number of stations to 103 from 412.
They are off tourists.
The announcement came during a Monday morning press conference in Bond, Germany
by Deutsche Post-World Net, a parent company of DHL US Express.
This is the right move for our US Express operations given the Korean economic climate.
And for the long run, it said John Mullin, global CEO of DHL Express,
but it beat that it would put about.
The company said it will retain 3 to 4,000 US Express employees
who will focus on international customers.
The new round of cuts follows 5,400 job reductions earlier this year.
Everybody's out of work.
Everybody's starving to death.
And Johnny Dorx says, oh, you're a blacklisted in the industry.
They all respect you, but you're a backstab.
Good.
How about being a front-stabber to you, Johnny?
You loser.
Lifeless loser, that's you.
With a personality like a dead man.
Remember that time after we gave him lunch that one time?
Yep.
Made the mistake in fighting with a student.
A few days later, he shows up again.
Right.
And somebody comes waltzing in to give us the breathtaking news.
Oh, Johnny, Dorx out of the front desk to see you guys.
Didn't we send him away?
Yep.
We said, go away, Johnny.
You bother us.
It's like the bird that time when he showed up every day in Tampa at WSUN, remember that?
Oh, yeah.
A long after he'd gotten canned.
And you know, one or two days would have been fun.
It was fine.
And then every morning when I would show up there at SUN, he showed up.
Every day all week, he showed up all five days.
I do believe.
You're right.
Yeah, I am right.
It's called inflicting yourself on people.
One thing about me, I don't inflict
if you don't want nothing to do with me, I don't want nothing to do with you.
Fine.
Let's keep it that way, Johnny.
Go away.
Take your right wing hysterical racist leanings and go away.
That email that he sent me that day, I would.
You were on vacation that week or something.
You were gone.
You were sick.
It was the moment.
Well, I didn't read it on here anyway.
It was just too sick to even read on here.
Tragic.
Racist, sick, hate.
Here's the poll 234 votes.
Now, what does that give us?
Way over a thousand combined, right?
We cheat.
We had 896 on what 234?
So 900 and 234, 11, 11, 11, 11, 30.
Yep, 11, 30.
Christ, it's a long show.
12, 35, four hours is too long, Johnny.
Joe, I say double the money.
Half the hours, two hours show.
Double the money.
Why was he so uptight about that?
About giving out my email address.
That's a big deal.
He already did it once before.
And he admitted it and then he got old.
Oh, gee, you have to be a crazy person to get so hysterical about it.
And I said to him, you have to be a crazy person to give out somebody
on the years, personal email address.
And since then, we haven't talked much.
Or maybe since it was when Chris got him under his wing.
Is he under your wing?
No.
Checking out your thing?
No.
200 and how many votes we got?
Take a look at it.
I don't want to look over there again.
I got 259.
The reason I don't want to look is because Bush is on TV.
Mercury,
Mercury,
even as a museum,
the Isabet still answered the call to service.
The Detreparation Treffen.
You got it?
I got what?
Wait, did you say 259?
You guys are really making that difference.
Whatever we got.
I could least tolerate an insult to my intelligence 54,
spouse 23,
penis size 22,
family 20.
What about kids?
Why don't we put that on there?
There you go.
I would say, huh?
Adding it now.
Kids, especially babies.
I don't want to put separate, you know, but kids is fine.
Oh, isn't it the cutest little baby you ever saw?
Look at the little baby in there.
No, look at it.
Oh my, because most babies, I hate to say this.
Most babies are ugly.
Am I wrong?
I don't share that opinion, but there are very ugly babies.
Right.
I think most babies are cute, but then every once in a while.
Most babies are cute.
Most babies are very cute.
They don't have any like, uh...
They get uglier from there, what, teeth?
Psi's 22.
Family 20.
Mama 16.
Don't knock my mama.
You can knock my mama all you want.
She don't care.
She's still dead.
You miss my mama?
Uh, I only met her twice.
Maybe once.
Did she hate you, too?
Performance at bed 16, my weight 14, line of work 10.
Ethnicity or race 9.
Political preference is 8.
Gang 6.
Well, what does that mean, my gang?
We got gang members listening?
Oh, I guess, yo, yo.
Jesus.
God.
Disability 6.
Beer preference 5.
Choice of car I drive 3.
My looks 3.
Go right ahead.
I look like crap.
Income level 2.
Gender 2.
Native language 2.
School or college 2.
Sports team preference 2.
Height 2.
Sexual persuasion 2.
Gay.
Religion 2.
Tasting women or men 1.
Fashion style 1.
Yeah, don't knock my fashion style.
Name 1.
And none yet for a state or region.
Native country or breast size.
That's because we don't have all that many ladies.
Although we sure get a lot of emails from ladies.
They don't seem like vote on the poll very often.
Maybe they're busy.
I'm busy, you know.
I mean, they're ladies as far as we know, right?
What?
They're ladies as far as we know.
Oh, that's true.
No, I don't think we have too many made up ladies.
Do you?
We'll never know.
No, I don't, but we'll never really know.
Well, see now you're verifying what I said yesterday.
And that is that this is the most anonymous former
communicator.
That's right.
Other than maybe a letter in a bottle.
Hey, Neil and George, when you mentioned those old baseball injuries.
It reminded me of Ron Fraser was on third base conducting an interview during
batting practice.
A straight line drive start Fraser in the nose and broke a finger.
Says Joe.
Well, thanks for the information, Joe, poor old Ron Fraser.
He had a lot of good times.
I'll tell you that.
He was always really nice to me.
You know, remember Ron Fraser, coach of the king.
Yep.
Never been the same since Ron Fraser left that franchise.
Franchise.
You know, since it's a college team franchise.
Well, it is.
It's all big business man.
Big business, especially the football.
Big business.
That's why we got a 75 hour post game show and pre game show on a
Thursday.
Right in the middle of the day time.
I probably shouldn't mention I don't want to get your buddy,
Jolly, Joe, all been out of shape.
But even back in IOD back in the day.
Kane's football never had any numbers.
You know what I mean?
Let's hope that everybody's TV.
Is that game televised on Thursday night?
I'm sure it is.
Yeah, probably you can.
Well, don't be watching on TV.
Listen to what I'm radio.
I mean, TV.
You won't be hearing Joe Zagaki.
And Don Beley, Jr.
The price of those who have worn the uniform.
Prime like him, 20 to 1 a.m.
Week after week, more and more people are taking advantage of
Neils Half Prize deals on wqaim.com.
And this week we've got a great one for you.
The legendary Shula Steakhouse.
Starting Thursday at noon, you can buy $100 certificates for just $50.
The Shula Steakhouse, the original and Miami Lakes.
Home and the best steak money can buy.
Shula Steakhouse is reopened after completing a major renovation.
Same perfect steaks, same outstanding service with all new decor.
Custom center cuts of premium black Angus beef combined with their aging process.
Makes it the award winning Shula Cut.
The original Shula Steakhouse is still a proud home of that humongous 48 ounce
Porter House.
Better bring a gigantic appetite for that.
To be part of history, make your reservations today call 305 820 80102.
And now thanks to yours, truly, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for
half price.
Just 50 bucks in the store opens at noon.
So in this Thursday on, most astonishing WQAM dot com.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have no rejects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth lead.
The sports leader.
Anytime.
Stand major.
Now a news talk radio 610 W I O D.
If you missed the last show, you missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, fella.
What he was doing is your I don't want to come back.
I just told you that.
Well then who do you want?
I do.
Who do you want?
You want Alan Burke?
I think you want Joey Reynolds?
So what's that?
Then what the hell do you want in the air?
Silence.
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
But is that all who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during two to six?
I did.
Here the next stand major show.
This afternoon at two on News Talk Radio 610 W I O D.
I've got some shine on W I N Z.
When there's a hurricane blowing baby, it's still the month of May.
Are you sure?
From two to six.
I guess you say what can make me feel.
We feel that way.
Stand major.
Talking about stand major.
Stand major.
Oh my God.
I've got so much honey in the meat in the meat.
He checks them for the colors while he's smoking on a smoky.
I guess you say two to six W I N Z.
Stand major.
Talking about stand major.
Stand major.
Ooh.
Get ready for you to hey hey hey.
Hey hey hey.
Hey hey hey.
Ooh.
Yeah.
I don't need no other station on my radio.
I've got a 940 locked in baby.
Which stand major on my radio.
All together now, everybody.
I guess you say W I N Z.
We do stand major.
Talking about stand major.
What's the major?
Oh stand major.
Talk 47.
We still have no information about stands where about says he did or alive.
I'm dying of it.
I was my 2 grand.
Anyway, I've got a follow up from Lucas.
And I said it in this one in a with a blue background.
Ooh.
It says so you want to follow up from Lucas.
Well, here it is.
You moron.
The fake Lucas, of course.
Johnny, darkses.
I don't know what your email you're referring to.
I'm not a racist.
Why do you treat people who love you like crap?
Could it be your relationship with your father?
Yeah, that must be it, Johnny.
It's really funny because this was before the election.
And I didn't believe it was the real Johnny.
And then he sent me a email.
Horrible racist crap about Obama.
And then somebody's claiming to be his sister said, oh yeah, that was really him.
And then he emailed me back.
Said, oh yeah, that was me.
Any idea.
So we got too many Johnny dorks out there.
I don't know.
I think it's the real one.
The fake Adam Kirschner says, did you ever watch Hell's Kitchen or Kitchen Nightmares on Fox?
No.
Chef Gordon Ramsay is great.
No.
If you had a talk show, he'd put you in Howard.
If he had a talk show, he'd put you in Howard's shame.
He's great.
You know who that is?
Yeah, I'm a big fan.
PS, Josie and Don Bailey Jr. are embarrassing.
They sound like they're broadcasting a high school game.
Joe is funny when he gets excited though.
Now what is that under?
Is that under O' My?
Or is that under Joe?
O' My.
It's under O' My.
How do you know?
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
How do you know?
Could I have played it?
Have you?
Keep your nose out of our DCS, baby.
Oh, and then the fake Greg Beauty Elsa's Dave Hagen is trying to call on the bad line, but nobody's picking up.
That's because we're not taking any calls right now, including Dave Hagen, who evidently is looking for his attention.
So you know what's the fake Greg Beautyel when he can't spell his own name right?
And that's generally a pretty good tip off.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
So we wish you all the best, Dave Hagen, but we're not going to interrupt the show so we can take your call.
Here's the fake Alice Rantel.
It says, I love it.
Was that Scott Chapin and the old W.I.D. promo that way?
Yes.
Who was doing the Stan Major song sounded like E.J. from W.I.N.Z.
Know that was what's his name for my N.Z.
What that was his name?
I forgot.
Oh, it'll come to me.
Will it?
Or not.
E.J. from W.I.N.Z.
Get out of here.
Get out of here, fake Alice.
You have to hold this even on our second poll.
Not too bad.
That was a...
I can't think of it.
Maybe the initials are in there.
Humble few bars.
No, wait a minute.
No.
Thought you had it?
It's a guy that replaced me with half-new when they put me on Zade in the morning and they put that guy on in mid-days.
Jeff Gondor.
No.
On I.N.Z.
Oh.
Boy, I had it on the tip of my tongue.
So easy to forget.
Anyway, let's get to the important stuff.
Lucas with a follow-up.
With a blue background no less.
So you want to follow up from Lucas?
Well, here it is.
You moron.
You...
You ferry.
Okay, dummy.
You have a lot of nerve reading my first email over the year.
Oh, yeah, right.
I don't read all the emails over the year.
First, they challenge you to read it and then you read it.
Oh, you have a lot of nerve.
First of all, to learn your laws, understand that you've got no right to do that without my permission.
Guess what?
Wrong.
When you send somebody an email, they can do whatever they want with it, including wipe your ass with it.
Secondly, you were upset by what I said.
No, I was not the least bit of said I was amused.
Just as I expected to be, since you can't handle even constructive criticism.
Yet you said absolutely nothing to dispute the facts I gave you about the other talent in the market.
Talent my ass.
George Sedano sounds like a little kid.
And Castronova has that in original.
Even when he takes a BM, it smells like somebody else's Castronova.
And your diminished skills is a radio personality when compared to them.
Just look at the numbers you will fool.
They don't lie.
Even in Atheist should have the ability to do the simple math.
And that simple math reveals that Paul Castronova kicked your bum.
And so to the rest of the people I mentioned, wrong.
You simple and mindless before him.
I can't stand listening to your show anymore.
Just as I said, it used to be funny.
Now it's just annoying.
Keep annoying yourself, Lucas.
Keep annoying.
Turn it up.
Real loud now, Lucas.
I will ask you once more to go out gracefully and step aside before you simply get run over.
Something, something, or I can't read it.
It's blocked off.
Oh, far something and talking about pooping in your pants.
Seriously, is that better than talking about sports?
Yes, it is.
I'd rather talk about pooping my pants than sports.
All the rest of my life, okay?
Talking about games that are over with already.
Or games that haven't been played yet.
Oh my God.
You could at the very least talk about sports half the time.
Like Sid Rosenberg does.
Yeah, maybe I can get those big numbers like Sid does, huh?
Yeah.
Maybe I can get two shares like Sid does.
Even when they have an up book, he still gets squad because he sucks.
Half the things you see on here should be illegal.
I guess I'll have to put up with it for another five years.
I'll have to put up with it for another five years since you and the other mindless Obama supporters put that socialist in charge.
Oh, now we're getting an understanding what this is all about.
Saur grapes from another right wing loser.
You, sir, are a foolish pile of elephant turds and I can't wait for you to get scooped up by the zookeeper.
In the meantime, I will listen with a clothespin on my nose.
Oh, P.S. keep making fun of Christians.
Can't wait to see the look on your face when you have to face your judgment.
Funny man.
Yeah.
See, look on my face when I'm dead.
I hope we're all there together.
Yeah.
I want to see the look on his face.
Yeah, let's see the look on your poise, Lucas.
A man too stupid to turn off a show that he reviles that he hates.
Screaming at the moon.
Go away, go away.
Come on.
And the moon just stays there.
Just sits up there in the sky.
Just like I'm going to sit here and the tip off is when he says he's going to have to put up with it for another five years.
You listen with a clothespin on his nose.
How about putting a clothespin in your mouth?
It sounds more likely.
Maybe that's where your nose is, Lucas, because it sounds to me like your nose is out of joint.
Baa.
Baa.
So I guess Lucas is probably Dan from Maryland.
All that's got a phone over here.
You want to call him?
Let's do it.
Not on the year.
Call him up and see if it's a real person, Chris.
All right.
Dump it.
Dump it after I give it.
I don't want to give it on the year.
305.
324.
88 11.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My M.E.
For the Latter Day.
We'll be back.
It's Scott Barrell.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping old women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neal Rogers one to two hours.
I mean I listen to the Neal Rogers, hearing balance one to two hours.
What the hell do you do?
Hey, Farrell.
What?
By the way, Sarah, I've been given it some stuff.
See?
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better.
Go in six to ten.
And on and five, a Gentile in the cranky jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
It's fantastic to find no chance I'll do a show with you.
I'd rather die with the crappy together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a thing.
I'll keep you from Brooklyn high.
I've been raped and I have worried about you.
You're not my kind.
We in love, that would blow.
No way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive.
You'd wanna hear a Gentile.
And push it tight.
That's crappy together.
I'll show you a Gentile.
I'll show you a Gentile.
I'll show you a Gentile.
I'll show you a Gentile.
I'll show you a Gentile.
I'll show you a Gentile.
A show with you and me, for me, is much better.
Six to ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get this.
What's with this?
Happy to get this.
What can you be better?
No.
What's with this?
What's with this?
What's with this?
What's with this?
What's with this?
What's with this?
What's with this?
102 and 560, W.M.
Are you getting the same emails I am from the fake recipe?
I'm not so blessed and I'm glad.
Really?
Yes.
Please tell George to call Dave at 305 Yadi Yadi.
He's in the town right now.
Who knows?
He certainly wants a lot of attention.
Should I face this, this email?
If you want forward it, I don't care.
Forward it, do I still have it on?
Do I want to call this person?
Dave Hagen, you don't know this person.
I know Dave Hagen.
I have Dave Hagen's phone number.
Why do I have a message for him or something?
It says, please tell George to call Dave.
Why?
I don't know.
If you call, maybe you'll find out.
I'm sure that's the end.
Why?
I'll call Dave.
You don't have to give me Dave's number.
You got it?
I assume it's the same.
Maybe it's Greg Vudelle.
So you're no fun.
Now look how much fun it was dialing that fake 305 number,
which I totally wasn't a hellendale number.
That was down to 244.
Who supposedly is telling me to call Dave Hagen?
The fake Greg Vudelle.
Maybe that phone number that he gave us is the fake Dave Hagen.
Do you want me to give it to you and I'll dump it?
Or do you want me to just say, hey Dave Hagen, how you doing?
Hi Dave.
I'm sure Jane interested, okay?
Maybe Dave's got an infrasse.
It's serious.
I'm sure not.
Maybe Howard's starting those rumors again.
Oh, I want Neil Rogers on my network.
Remember that?
Yeah.
No, you don't.
You do?
Yeah.
Oh.
How'd that work out?
Oh, Jane Michaels is who did that to Stan Major's song, by the way.
And that's from the surly, extra surly Johnny Dork.
Extra surly, even more surly than Fat Ashto Bell.
And Chris, not Fat Chris, but a listener Chris is Stan Major's email
and so on, so which I'm not giving it out.
And PS Paul and Young Ron now read emails on the ear.
Oh my God.
Oh God.
Is this man ever done anything original in his life?
No.
No.
If Neil takes a big bloody dump on a balcony, then Paul goes home
and takes a big bloody dump and the near on the stoop.
Hey, stoop.
What is wrong with that man?
And then he makes up these stories.
Oh, I rented the Neil Rogers in the song, right?
Remember that?
Seven years ago?
I have met that creature once at a Panther game.
Many, many years ago, other than that, I never laid eyes on him.
I never spoke with him.
I never, and then we heard all the stories about how he was begging
the people of QAM for the morning show.
Remember that?
And then he denied it.
Oh no, I love Clear Channel.
Yeah, right.
So Dave says, hi.
You spoke to him?
Yeah.
Hey, again.
And you know, he is on serious on the NFL Channel
and the NFL Network, whatever he is.
And he might come down Super Bowl Week.
You know, we'll get together and everything like that.
Like sometimes we do when he comes to town.
And Tony O'Hive, but he's got nothing to do with the real or fake Greg Budell
and whatever number you've got there if it doesn't match the one on my phone,
but obviously it ain't him.
Well, wait a minute.
Let me give you the number.
Part of it.
Just forward me the email.
All right.
No, it's it Jesus.
God, that's like work.
Forward me the email.
God, when I got it right here somewhere, where is it?
Here it is.
305, 72.
Yeah.
Okay, and the last number of the last four digits is four.
Yeah.
So it's the right number.
So it's somebody knows and he didn't know where that was from.
So it's obviously somebody who's got his number.
Mm-hmm.
Somebody's got your number, Dave.
Where now is he?
He's not down though.
He's in New York.
No, he's in New York.
Oh.
He was a good kid.
He never sold a free train.
Nice guy.
Yeah.
He helped get me hired.
Like I said, I never liked Dave Hagen.
From the midnight, late eyes on him.
Yeah, he helped keep you hired.
Yep.
How do you do that?
Because when I was interning, I was basically running the Saturday Sunday morning shows when Pat Pasani was here and he was he would leave.
I'd come at about nine o'clock in the morning.
Pat would leave about nine thirty in the morning.
And so I'm here by myself with Hagen running like Joe Rose show and then Goldie and stuff like that.
So when, hey, when Pat Pasani finally left, they were trying to figure out who to hire Johnny.
Pat Pasani.
Oh.
So they're trying to figure out who to hire and Dave goes, well, want to hire the guy that's been running the show for the last two months.
And there was like, oh, who's that?
He's like, you're intern Chris Whalen.
So let me do this for the past couple months by himself, basically.
So that's how I got hired.
Said you were a whale of a guy, huh?
See.
Well, that's great.
And you owe Dave Hagen.
Oh, yeah, Dave Hagen's great guy.
Well, maybe you ought to take a little time out from your extra short of activities with Jolly Joe and concert with Dave Hagen next time he comes down.
Sounds good.
Oh, no.
Woo.
I'll try to see, right?
I beg your pardon.
We'll charge it to you.
Yeah.
Charge it to me.
Allison says the fake Allison, because the email is Betsy and Jean.
Fake Allison says, Neil, love your show.
Always have always will.
But please keep George away from the microphone.
When you're gone, the show is terminal with him behind the mic.
Is boring, boring, boring.
He's probably an ice-con, very helpful behind the scene, but a talk show host.
He ain't happy.
People ate the birthday wishes have many, many more.
So I guess this isn't supposed to be the fake Allison that works a QA.
It's just some other fake that hates you like poison.
I'll be able to cry.
Well, here's Lucas again.
You have a lot of nerve reading my first email over the air.
Come on, Lucas.
Keep him coming, baby, with a fake.
I wonder what the Lord is going to think when you're at the pearly gates to know that a good Christian like you is making up phony of phone numbers and sending harassing.
Evil, hateful emails.
Hate the thousand down 243 by the way.
It says the president redeficates historic aircraft carrier.
Oh, here we go.
Here's the fake joy, bitch.
Joyce, nice going, Joyce.
This is this is one of the best.
I love these.
Don't you just love it a lot?
Do you mean James Michaels last I heard J was on kiss says Joey the fake two retweets.
Is J Michaels on kiss?
You don't know.
How could you not know what about Johnny doors on kiss?
I know darling Evans is on kiss the end.
That's all I know.
That's it.
It's going to present I know over there.
Well, come on.
Let's get some spy reports and find out if J Michaels really on kiss.
Hey, J remember when you put you up my show on I and Z he's a good guy though.
He was always nice to me to my face.
Now he's a good guy.
See, that's because I got I got a bad reputation in the business.
Joyce fits the fake joy sends me this.
He says, Neil, you're really pushing my buttons you old fag.
You're you are out.
If I hear one more email from that disgusting fat Chris about his wild days and nights with my good friend and savior of that God for taking radio station, Joel Bell.
As a precautionary measure against slipups on the air, I'll be proofreading all your email.
I've cleared this with him already.
We can't have talent ruining the sparkling reputation of management and ownership on a separate matter.
It would appear by some ridiculous shipping error, some feminine products and play personal pleasure items have been accidentally shipped to the studio in Miami.
Tell Georgia whoever handles that stuff in that place to leave them alone.
And I'll be over from Naples with my girlfriend to pick them up over the weekend.
If you did not follow my wishes, you're fired old man.
Screw you.
Joyce fits personal attorney personal hate monger and awarded the least parts per year award by the FDA.
How do you like that?
Joyce is really getting up there.
She's getting the league same league with Lucas and the Dan from Maryland and the real and Johnny Dork.
The only difference being that when I hear this more from the fake Rick Budelle.
George was supposed to ask Dave about mongering fired from my serious.
You blew it. You're supposed to get the inside of the scoop on that.
Was I?
Why?
I said was I.
Well, I don't know. That's what the fake Rick Budelle says.
You still can't spell his name right.
Just obsessive.
You know, I'll tell you one thing. It's a good thing for like these five or six people.
Or it all could be just one person who cares.
I'm not sure it is one person.
No, Johnny Dork is a separate separate case.
Now, what was this story with him at kiss?
He walked out or something?
I don't know.
You don't?
I don't.
He hasn't been there in a long time.
Is he still working somewhere doing a reading liner cards or what?
I don't know.
82 along the coast.
Huh?
I don't know.
That's his forte.
How many votes we got intelligence?
Don't insult my intelligence 74 leading the way.
333 votes.
333.
And what do we have on the first one?
896?
Yeah.
So that's 1229 vote.
Wow.
Not that great.
Two separate polls.
And the one yesterday was really good about the duos duets, the singing duos.
Via Condeos.
I'm already disappointed.
We didn't hear any less.
Paul, I'm very forward.
Oh, well.
I don't have anything to do.
Little homework.
Four times.
Make his name.
The best talent.
You don't have no projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Big fourth leader.
Hey, yo, man.
What's up with your full-time English performance?
Today, I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit
of unity and understanding.
Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know.
When I'm born, I'm black.
When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black.
When I go out in the sun, I'm black.
When I go out in the cold, I'm black.
When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black.
But you, my white man, when you're born, you are pink.
When you grow up, you are white.
When you get sick, you are green.
When you go out in the sun, you go red.
And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow.
And the happiest time of my life is when white people die.
You turn purple and you've got the damn nerve to call me Colin.
Ah, funny stuff, Louis.
You're fairy.
117 and 560 WDQYM.
Happy Tuesday, too.
We got the big ol' coming up into a clock.
Celebrate that big one.
I said, thank you.
Oh, you're welcome.
Let's see, Andre says, just moved to Port St. Lucie for four months.
Anything up here to look forward to?
Yeah, getting out.
P.S. the mosquitoes are the size of birds.
I wonder if that's the nuclear power plant in Jensen Beach.
He'll, yeah.
It's Andre from West Park living in Port St. Lucie next four months.
Until my mom finds a house for rent in West Park again,
we had to move the landlord for a closed house we were running from her.
Well, I'd call up Joyce and the suit landlord.
If anybody can get it done for it, it's that Joyce bitch.
Here's one that says, I hear that you're, I hear you're saying about how all the walking you do in our saved your life.
If that's the case, why not move to Brickle?
Oh, my God.
Would you want to live on Brickle Avenue?
I don't know if you paid me.
You're probably have never seen it.
It's almost entirely new in the past five years.
Arguably, the finest example of downtown living anywhere.
It's extremely clean, beautifully landscaped, extremely safe, plus no homeless.
There were tons of awesome restaurant shops and said, well, within walking distance of all the beautiful buildings.
Also, I know how much you dislike much of South Florida because you dislike being certain races or ethnic groups.
Really, but I'm pretty sure you'll find that people there do your liking.
I just like South Florida because I don't want to be in your certain races or ethnic groups.
I got news for you, man.
Toronto's got more races and ethnic groups than you will.
Then you could check a stick ad.
Do you shake this like that?
I just like South Florida.
What?
Do you shake your stick at them?
Yeah, I shake it.
I shake my stick at it.
What a moron.
That sounds like something Johnny Dork would write.
Some kind of psychotic, hateful swill from a doodah guy.
Oh, no.
Oh, someone took Greg butle.com.
It says whatever that means.
A picture of foodie, I guess it's foodie and butle.
Can you believe that?
I believe it.
And it's got an attachment and all the attachment is just a bigger picture of the two of them.
Oh, no, it's Joe Nameth.
Well, he looks in coherence or look like foodie.
It's Joe Nameth and butle.
So it is Vudelle.
I guess or one of his groupies.
I didn't know he had any.
Everybody hates you, Greg, including us.
Go the hell away.
Can you believe that?
Well, what is he doing now?
Greg Vudelle.
Remember, he was going to come in and he was going to replace me on his station and he was going to...
Oh, that was the rumor.
Don't you remember back when I was having the big contract to fall out with jolly joble and normal was having a nervous cramp?
Oh.
And Greg Vudelle showed up in the building to interview allegedly that one day.
Don't you remember that?
No.
I remember so much showing up.
I guess it was Greg.
Greg Vudelle showed up there.
I got news for Greg.
I'm going to stay on the ear until I croak just to spite you.
Because you are a legend in your own mind.
You're the biggest one of not the, but you're one of the biggest no talents whoever came down to pike.
It's got a good voice and that's it.
Like Johnny Dork, another one.
Good voice, no talent.
Nothing.
Am I right?
Listen, he was on the coast when I heard...
Whatever talent anyone might have had...
Reading liner cards with a good voice.
How would you have heard it on the coast?
What does that mean?
In other words, he could have been the most spectacular, funny, pizzazzi personnel.
Only if it was funny today we had him in the studio.
No.
Did he have anything to say?
No.
Anything to offer?
No.
Anything to add to the show?
No.
Was he worth bringing back again?
In fact, he showed up again a few days later and we told him to go and go and go by.
He had a good lunch.
He did that well.
Once and he came back for an encore and we said, goodbye.
That's back in the days when we could actually have food come in there.
Before Jolly Jodas decided to be a real hard ass.
Oh, here we go today in Salon, the EPA's down there.
Don't send me any more crap.
God, what is wrong with some of you people?
Salon.com, something about the EPA.
Now that's Italy and that was down to 42.
Keep mailing it in, Rodgers.
Keep mailing it in.
I will.
I'm going to keep mailing it in and keep taking the checks.
In fact, just put a big fat check in the bank down there yesterday.
Big fat one.
Not as fat as the one George spoke, but a big fat one.
Right.
That just gals the hell out of some of these people.
Why?
I don't know why it's any of their business, but they're just, they have no life.
Oh, you're getting paid all that money to do that and mail it in?
Yeah, that's right.
To sit on my fat ass in Toronto where it's overcashed, it's hazy, it's great.
It looks just like wintertime out there with no snow yet.
I'm sure Castronova wants to know the temperature.
Maybe I'll email it to him and you can read it on the year tomorrow.
6.43.
Hi, today's 7.45.
Overcashed, it says murky.
It's really murky.
It's murky and the emailers are jerky.
I tell you, this has been a good show today.
I've enjoyed it.
Good.
You don't think so?
It's just fine.
I think it's been four hours.
How do you like that, Fab Chris?
Hmm.
You're welcome.
You got so cynical and so bold, you can't even acknowledge on the day when we have a good day,
which doesn't happen very often anymore.
It's a fine day.
It was fine.
It was fine.
You can't wait to get the hell out of here.
The weather's nice.
I got two teeth.
Just two?
I grind my teeth.
I hope they're opposite each other.
I got two teeth opposite each other.
The ache.
Hmm.
Now, one, the one of the upper one has always been sensitive, sensitive to cold,
not real sensitive, but sensitive once in a while, and lately extra sensitive.
And the one on the bottom, which is a gold crown, is also.
And of course, when you've got a gold crown, and it's rubbing the tooth of a above it
when you're grinding your teeth, that probably really is not so good.
Because the gold crown is like, you know, impenetrable, right?
I know.
I love the tires on my vet.
I love my vet.
Okay.
And my OBGYN.
The UK's independent television news dedicated a short segment of a Monday broadcast
to briefly explaining several core tent poles of the 9-11 Truth Movement.
What are tent poles?
Tent poles, other than what they obviously are, a pole that holds up a tent.
Exactly.
Now, seriously, I never heard that expression before.
Is it a British thing?
Hmm.
Explaining several core tent poles of the 9-11 Truth Movement, with new figures showing
almost 150 million web pages devoted to 9-11 conspiracies,
here are the big three so-called plot holes in the official version announced in AirRater.
Why, I wish I'd have seen that.
One theory is that the collapse of both the twin towers was caused not by the impact
of the planes in subsequent fires, but by controlled demolitions.
Thea is the point to uniform crumbling of the individual floors in each tower.
The AirRater also mentioned a more obscure 9-11 theory that the planes which hit the WTC towers
had shaped charge warheads in their nose cones.
Perhaps the most widely discussed theory that there was no plane crash of the Pentagon
is also mentioned, with evidence cited as the lack of debris and a small impact hole.
The program also mentions that the FBI has refused to release video footage of the object impacting the Pentagon,
but failed to disclose how many cameras captured it.
Specifically, the FBI confiscated 85 video tapes which may contain footage of the attack.
The program also outlines questions about the alleged crash in Shanksville, Pennsylvania,
citing eyewitness reports of debris raining down across the wide area as if the aircraft had been shot down by a missile.
Remember, Cheney admitting that they were going to shoot it down?
They might do that?
Strangely absent with any attempt to summarize questions surrounding the collapse of World Trade Center Towers 7,
a highly significant event to 9-11 Truth activists still rife with questions even after the recent
National Institute of Standards and Technology report.
And it's got a video from ITN broadcast November 10th.
I'm going to keep this in that it says download video via rawreplay.com.
I'm going to check that out later on after I come back from winning $40 million it would buy in.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You better pay taxes on that $40 million.
I'm going to get it at 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Are you sure?
The mad dog.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, man.
It's a pretty good sport of heaven.
Sports Radio 5.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Break hate you.
Absolutely!
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Throw.
Who?
From çx2, from Çuhanćitkurok.
I'm not going to ask you something because I got a package on a Friday.
All right.
From a chicken neck that was early.
Was that the one for today that I might have gotten today?
I don't know.
I was on vacation and hadn't been talking to him.
Really?
So you don't know if he's starving or not?
I don't know.
I hear he's eating out of dumpsters.
Yes.
What's wrong with that?
I might have used some tasty stuff in there.
Let me say it again that the...what is this stuff from Kentucky Fried?
Popcorn chicken.
Popcorn chicken.
Boy, that is the best.
They're little tiny nuggets and they are spicy and just delicious.
And lots of that breading that they're famous for on their.
All carbs but nevertheless.
So the fake gym defeated says, I don't believe Jay is at kiss anymore.
I believe both he and Johnny dark left around the same time.
Regarding Jim.
Now maybe this is the real gym defeated.
You think?
No.
We never know.
Why not?
How do you know?
I just don't believe anybody anymore.
Well, that's the way it is with email.
I keep trying to tell you it's the most anonymous of any form.
Other than putting a note in a bottle, I think.
Vocca says, the package is out for tomorrow.
What does that mean?
What language are you speaking now?
The package is out for tomorrow.
It's going to be here tomorrow.
I guess.
Let me read you what he wrote.
The package is out for tomorrow.
That's what you just said.
Oh, it's...
It's safe.
Didn't you understand it?
In other words, it's going to get here tomorrow.
Not that there's any emergency.
He's sent it.
So whenever it gets there, it gets...
Not that there's any emergency.
Because whatever he did, it's certainly a lot better than what comes in on this other stuff.
Oh, God.
You're right.
The Chris Matthews bit and the Sarah Palin perfume.
That's it.
That's it.
That's a medley of their success, including an ACN too.
Although I did like the OJs in jail.
Mm-hmm.
Didn't you like that when I was cute?
It was okay.
Oh, the juice got discreet.
Remember that?
That call yesterday?
That was one of the great calls we had.
Some OJ apologist.
Lunatic, crazy person.
Probably one of Greg Reed's old boyfriends.
Or maybe, just maybe, he was an old boy friend of...
Roy!
Could be.
Remember that?
Remember that big black dildo?
Whatever happened to that?
It's still here.
It is?
Want to hear it?
I'll go get it out of the cabinet.
No, no, it's okay.
Beat the microphone.
No, it's not.
I don't want to hear the dildo.
356 votes on FAC Chris's poll.
Which means 1252.
That's not Shabby at all.
For a veteran's day?
Which by the way, here is a remembrance day.
And you're supposed to wear your poppy.
I poppy.
You're supposed to wear a poppy.
Are you wearing a poppy?
I'm smoking a poppy.
That's almost like that one.
Topcorn chicken.
Never had that before in my life.
I guess they got all kinds of new fangirl, new stuff there.
They do.
You know, chicken sandwiches.
I like the chicken strips.
Well, they've had the chicken sandwiches for a long time.
I used to like those.
Which cheese?
How's Wayne Arnold doing, by the way, speaking of that?
Keep waiting for you.
I had those pictures.
That's weeks ago.
Now, two, three weeks ago, pictures of him in the restaurant.
And it looked like it was pretty damn close to me.
Wayne, if you're out there, let us know when you're opening, baby.
Kind of rough to be opening in the middle of a depression, though, isn't it?
A little bit.
359 votes on our vote.
359?
Can that be right?
Yeah.
1255.
Wow.
And that's got his fatso back with us today.
When Flea was here yesterday, wow, we were really struggling.
Sturgeing with the Flea Muster.
He's a good guy.
He just got a squeaky voice.
Man.
Man.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Exactly.
When people start comparing you to the chic, oh my God, is that a squeaky or what?
I'm the only one who can do better than that.
The flea.
The geek.
The geek.
Okay.
Here's one.
Here's an email.
They've slowed down now because the good stuff.
I mean, you know, the good stuff runs, it runs its course.
You can only have so much good stuff.
Isn't that what's the grony we've found out?
Right.
Some pre-merger NFL announcers, it's his identity.
Look, these are promised.
Eagles.
Jack Whitaker and Stu Nehan.
The Redskins, Jim Gibbons.
Giants, Chris Shankill and Jack Whitaker.
These are the TV announcers on the regional telecast of each team.
Browns, Ken Coleman.
He was great.
Colts, Suck Thompson, another great.
Packers, Ray Scott, Drunk.
He was good.
Drunk, dead.
Lions, Van Patrick, fat, dead.
Cardinals, Jack Drees.
Why'd I forgot all about him?
You might recall a season of two in a Cardinal Giants CBS would give you Chris Shankill for the first half and Jack Drees for the second half.
Not a good idea turned out, but I think it was a precursor of the post-merger world.
For further LSD trips down memory lane, check these pages on Wikipedia.
And it's got a PSA's another mindless QA and promos.
Sure beat the dead air we used to get.
I thought my signal had dropped.
Remember that during the writer, the radio and TV performer strike?
Yeah.
We couldn't play any of those spots during the breaks on air.
So the breaks were all silent dead air on the streaming.
So whatever you're getting now, it's better than four minutes of dead air.
Okay.
Or maybe not much better, but at least it's something.
At least it lets you know you still got the signal.
How come we only get three and a half hours?
You better check into it.
We're doing the best we can.
The Dow is down to 180 points.
Everybody's going out of business.
What do you want from us?
Oh, here's the fake Greg Vidal.
Scottie says, hi, he's laughing about Mo getting fired again.
Should anybody be surprised that Mo gets fired again?
Is there anybody in the history of the business who's gotten fired more than Mo Howard David?
I don't know.
I'll have to check into that.
Oh, here's a update from a friend.
It says, okay, let me print it out.
It's too long to read off the monitor.
I don't I just don't like reading off the monitor.
I feel like I'm like a parrot.
You know how a bird coxins handed to side?
No.
How do you don't?
Do you ever have a parakeet or a parrot?
Just this morning.
No, seriously.
We've used to have parakeets.
What a pain in the ass.
Maybe it's a pretty word.
Maybe it's a pretty word.
I have to disagree with you the emails.
You are well respected in the industry.
You're a topic of discussion quite often in the building.
So it's Jim DeFetus.
What does that mean?
You are well respected in the industry.
That's what Jim DeFetus said.
And then what building?
He's as no longer there as he.
Didn't he get canned?
They had a pan by the pound.
They couldn't afford it no more.
I don't get it.
Okay, here's this one speaking of Wayne Arnold.
First off, happy-related birthday.
Says a friend.
I wonder if he's related to a physician.
I started listening to you in 1978 being a hurricane enthusiast.
I used to love when you had Dr. Neil Frank,
director of the National Hurricane Center on your show.
He was a real character.
Yeah, born again character.
Too much of that good old time.
He was a good guy, but too much of that good old time religion.
You know?
El Nino, La Niña, yeah, I'll cry.
Just thought you'd like to know.
I just drove by Wayne Arnold's Royal Castle in the past hour.
And saw what seemed to be several food service and building contractors
working inside the dining and countertop area of the restaurant.
The original orange neon lights have been restored and lit up each and every night.
It looks like Wayne Arnold should be open within the next 30 days.
Oh, but 30, man.
Can't wait to take a bite into one of those original castle burgers
and drink and cold birch beer from a frozen mug.
What about the Neely burgers?
Am I like Chop Liver or something?
Love your show from Steve and North Miami Beach.
PSS, I'm the guy who videotaped the live remote at Bizarre Swap Shop in 1990
that you currently have on your webpage.
Hello there, George as well.
Thanks to you.
Yo, yo.
Yeah, that was good stuff that it was okay.
Except for the fact that I had too much of that on there, but, you know, nothing's perfect.
Joe says you are still the best.
No one rips these brain dead suck holes that infect their lives in this fettin swamp like you do.
This is why I listen even though I turn over to Stephanie Miller when George is on.
Who's Stephanie Miller on?
Skir America.
Oh, God.
I always come back if you're on though.
She's very talented and funny.
Just your show is playing better.
Yes, it is.
Pickin' on you again.
I'm sure you'll know when it's time to make your exit and the way you sound right now.
I say you haven't lost a step.
I worked at Channel 2 and you did the Kennel Toyota Show.
I marveled at how you arrived.
Just as you were out to go on, park your vet right by the studio service door
and bolt it immediately after your segment was done.
Like a thief in the night, you were there then gone.
What was it going to hang around for?
Hang around.
Hang around for a Mark Jacobson?
Someday, hopefully, a very long time from now,
these lifeless A-holes will tune in to hear you
and like the proverbial thief, you'll be a ghost in their tiny little minds.
Then what will they do?
Mass suicide.
Sounds good to me, sis.
Joe, keep up the good rippin'.
I do like that.
He used to work at Channel 2.
Oh.
Isn't that nice?
No.
That's where I used to have to go.
In fact, I used to get lost because where the hell is Channel 2?
It's on Sesame Street.
No, seriously, where the hell is it?
I can never figure out where the hell it was.
And I'd be driving over there to do that damn show.
Probably that's why I showed up in the last minute.
I was driving around in circles.
Oh, no items in this view.
Thank God for a little rest.
Oh, the biggest name.
Not even anything else from Lucas.
4th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th, 6th
Sports balls, but they don't know nothing about racing, no, they're trying to make some money, but, well, now, they're too busy, something's worth it
Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rik
Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki Rikki
I got it with ball game.
That's it.
It would have been a panic.
It would have gotten a gigantic number.
What had an audience?
I mean, not like Jerks, of course, or not like the Kenny and Blow Morning Show.
Last night, I went to bed and I was lying there and I started thinking about Robert Greeper,
the Lord of the Board.
What was the rest of it?
Robert Greeper, the Lord of the Board.
And I thought to myself, Kenny Walker, is there a bigger puts in the world than you are?
Here are the cuts for Saturday, November 29, 1997.
Oh, yeah, don't forget about number nine.
Robert Greeper, the Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board.
Kenny Walker, I mean, just an accident waiting to happen.
He's on the coast.
See, people who have no talent to do like a talk show or a personality show, they wind
up on the coast, reading liner cards.
It's 87 along the coast, like that.
Only he sure is how didn't have Johnny Dork's pipes.
One thing he got to admit, Johnny Dork had a real set of pipes.
Did you ever smoke Johnny Dork's pipes?
No.
Never did.
Never gotten invited.
Here is the poll, 372 votes.
Oh, before we get to that, we got one from George's wife.
From the fake crystal-run rigas, subject I hate George.
Uh-huh.
Neil, hi, sweetie.
Why has my husband such a debag loser?
Thank God he's back at work this week.
Now I can go back to slaubing on the yard man's knob.
I shouldn't probably have checked with Joyce before I read that.
Whatever.
My husband is such a loser.
Last week, he spent every day walking around the house and his underwear trying to do me.
I can't stand this stupid, spick bastard.
No more vacations for him, he sucks.
I wish my husband would just die already so I can collect his life insurance.
Take the kids with you.
I hate you, George.
You suck, son.
Crystal.
Probably fairly close to the truth, though.
Uh-huh.
I'll accept about that underwear.
Oh.
I don't think he's got any left for you, honey.
He's got his busy on Thursdays.
So you didn't really fall and hit your head?
No, sorry.
Didn't fall at all.
One of these people make up such astonishing, ridiculous crap.
I don't know.
It's great.
Here's one from Peter says, I don't know if you can open strange links, but this is fun for MSNBC Van and there's a link.
I'm not going to do it.
Thank you for a long time, Lister.
Keep up the good work.
We are not out of the woods yet by a long shot.
Don't let the efforts get you down to this Peter.
I won't note some anymore links.
Here's one.
It says, Hi, Uncle Neal.
At Temple with my dad at Cemetery of Hillies during the High Holy Days, I was shocked to see Robert Wexler sitting for Rosenfutabus.
He was shaking like he had the pee the whole hour.
He was there.
Now we're all shaking.
The live streaming is great.
So Jake the mailman.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
What does that mean?
Now we're all shaking.
Is that a shot at Obama?
Is that it?
And if Bobby Wexler?
Good luck to you, Jake.
You'll need it.
375 votes on the pool.
You know, we could have made 400 on the second pool here.
We could have made history.
But Chris is a little out of practice because he only works like, you know, every 10th day.
Well, I understand it.
We'll let you off the hook for all time's sake.
Well, thank you very much.
It's a breath of fresh air to have you back and we're ecstatic to know you're going to be with us tomorrow and Thursday.
Correct.
Not Friday.
Friday we got to the lead back.
Unless somebody steps on them first.
Here's the pool.
I could at least tolerate an insult.
I could at least let me try to get it right.
I could at least tolerate an insult to my intelligence 80.
Family 35.
Penis size 32.
Spouse 31.
Mama 26.
Performance in bed 24.
Wait 19.
Political preferences 14.
Kids 12.
Line of work 12.
Ethnicity or race 12.
Beer preference 10.
Gang 9.
Looks 9.
Disability 8.
Yeah, don't be calling somebody in a wheelchair a gim.
You know, I've noticed more and more people lately with oxygen.
You know, with the watch tube.
Yeah, more than would buy, for example.
Mm-hmm.
I'm surprised they can still afford it.
Sexual persuasion sports team preference religion, choice of car.
I drive income level gender native country native language fashion style.
All those have two school or college and the height of gut appear.
Tasting women or men one name one state or region or breast size have not.
Don't be making fun of my breast size.
See for fat guys that's you know, look at the boobs on that guy.
Right?
Right.
That's nasty.
Is it like fat Chris like on the beach?
Do you go to the beach?
Not really.
I would think not.
Where the hell is that thing where he says look at the boobs?
Oh no, he doesn't say boobs.
He says the T word.
That's right.
Mad dog back in the day back in the day when the excuse always was well these are a bunch of dumb sports guys.
They don't know the difference and so they can get away with all those words that we can't remember that.
Yeah, not anymore.
Not since Joyce came to town.
Now everything is a big bleep.
Take the leap and see if they bleep.
That's one of my favorites when they have to bleep stuff on the sports shows and the host says, oh gee.
Did I get bleeped?
Did I get dumped like the day Zagaki was on that one day for Hank?
Did I get carved?
Well, there's nothing like getting carved by the best or whatever he was saying.
Did he get carved?
He was like the Thanksgiving turkey.
Well, that's coming up pretty soon.
We already had Thanksgiving here.
I forgot all about it.
Now we off that day.
Yes.
I think so.
I hope so.
Yes.
We already discussed this.
Yes.
Yes.
Now what do we do on that day?
Chris, do we got a ball game or something?
Hopefully, but last year it was me working with I think Curtis and Beast.
Doing what?
They were doing a non-sports show.
Chris and the Beast?
See.
You know, when you get older, you're hearing stereotypes.
What?
I'm not a student.
You said it's too hard.
You don't have no rejects.
Sport like you'll 560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth lead.
You're God.
Yes, oh sorry.
Davis Rodman.
We don't stop and hold the teddies if you can green.
Oh, hey, we're so sorry.
Davis Rodman.
But the panties come with saffies.
Do you think you're the only little thing?
Don't feel the jax in notified me.
He said you're very pretty, but you're dressing completely.
He asked if you would mind wearing something underneath.
But your way to call.
Wait until Tom.
Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
Hey, you look great, Tartid.
Retarded.
For a saddened foot tall guy.
Hey, you look great, Tartid.
Retarded.
For a saddened foot tall guy.
Davis Rodman.
Mike's just been slowin' around.
Who is making you the cow?
If you wanna hold it round.
Davis Rodman.
Mike's just been slowin' around.
Who is a wathens feet under the crown.
He didn't let one weigh you down.
Come on, come on, come on.
Hey, you look great, Tartid.
Retarded.
For a saddened foot tall guy.
Hey, you look great, Tartid.
... coz they saved me刻 nd for saving what's on my mind
You fit
。。 Uncont效弗
Bye bye
iers' names The Deaths Khaled
Your rules on my veio bible's anybody could call
Oh my god
