New weekend
516 day and Howard in other counties
Call toll free 8778-5-0 or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phone
The opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his colleagues do not represent the WQM
No or Spongebob
Now Neil Roger on your 516 WQAM
You get a lot of things
No
516-5-0 or pound 560 on your 516 WQAM
I'm Chris Matthews and this is Hartwell, training today as MSNBC political correspondent
Finney Sen, what up G.T.O.
Finney, you previously supported Hillary but now you're an Obama's cab
I mean are you frontin' here or what?
No man, ain't like that
What do you think him or he wants to get elected or die trying?
No I don't even know
Are you a party like it's election day?
Am I going to win?
I've put you in another way
Are you going to sit the party like it's election day?
You crazy you know that
You got to get you out there
After the break, play of a play
We'll discuss the federal reserve's new regulatory powers
And later in the program, democratic super delegate, go space kill it
You want your heart ball?
Wow, so what do you say flavor wave is going to be on?
Right, flavor waiver
10-0-1-2-1-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2
1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1-2-1
1-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2-2
I don't know. Subject passions. This just makes me want to cry. I might just go ahead
and cry anyway. I don't know why I had a really big night at Woodbuy last night, Chris.
Oh, right. $13,400 bucks. Nice. $3,400. That's more you make in six months, correct. And
I put in a $100 bill. There was one machine open. I hit the button twice. Twice. It's
been six bucks. And there was a spin. $500. And you're thinking, oh, boy, that was pretty
nice. But then the machine got dead. The machine died and took most of it back. So I went
to another machine. That one stuck. And I went to a third machine because a guy who got
in a thousand on the wheel that machine, I figured, this is the jackpot machine. And
you know what? What? It was. I played it for about ten minutes. There's three grand
on the line. And then within 30 seconds, there's a young, dark, compacted couple about two
machines away. They just had just walked up to the amp thing. They also got three grand
on the line. And the bells are ringing and the birds are singing. And it was pretty
nice. And they came and paid me. And I ran out of there. You never saw something move so
fast in your life, on my life. Can you please ask Neil to give an update on passions
currently on channel 101? I don't even know which channel 101 is. That like direct TV
or something? Outer. Which I don't have, obviously.
Question one, not here. Did Ben Master's character of Julian really get his wrinkle
whacked off the get reattached by a drunk eve who reattached it backward minus a few
winches? His winky. Oh. Two is Julian and Eve's illegitimate, the illid zebra son really
pregnant by daddy Julian. And three, what's doing with Teresa Lopez Fitzgerald Crane
Winthrop Crane? Tegan, you need to get a life, please. I have no life. The latest news
I heard was that passion has been canceled. A final episode filmed on March 28th. Last month
we'll air some time in August. Today passion has been nominated for Best A Time Drama
with several cast members also nominated. So that being the case, what happens if passion
wins for the Best A Time Drama? You know what happens? Tegan and Tegan? Yamama. With
the drama. And vote for Obama. Well, cancellation still be an effectable passion to get a
reprieve. It's not getting no reprieve. It's going off the air. What don't you understand,
honey? It's going off the air. What's Neil's take on passion, shall? What on what a
cancellation. I don't know. I don't care. I haven't watched it in the Zebra's age. I don't
care. I don't know. And I don't want to. How do you like that? So somebody spent all that
time to send that lengthy email about the better beat, better boot, but about I don't care.
I'm not interested. We don't get it here anyway. And I wouldn't watch it if it was not
right now. I wouldn't watch it. I got eight million channels there on my Rogers cable.
I don't need no channel 101. Whatever that is. I'm in a romp here by Dreamless Hall.
We are Johnson saying out these six-shell mayor by Dreamless Hall and Trevor Henry in the
Bible. Oh, Trevor Henry, good man. Never saw a fature in that Trevor Henry.
Who? Trotten Trevor. At the decision, this shot goes off and my
commissar excite just finds his face above the pad and under the gun still.
Had a more flyer as I hate the flyers by a haze of Canadian. Much, much worse than a Canadian's
took it right up the old nose. That's good. They damn near blew it there at the end of
the flyers, but they held on by the skin of their teeth.
Here's the most important story. All I got to do is read the story and I can go back
to bed. I felt great when I came in here this morning. Sorry, I told them it's very
complicated. There's a million cords and wires and stuff down here. And I almost wound
up in a situation where I lost my damn internet. You're asked what the grass right now if I
wouldn't have gotten that back together. That would have been bad.
Because especially in its current form, the idea that I'm going to do this show without
the internet is lunacy. Lunacy, man. Insanity.
Now I wouldn't have been able to get that email from our close personal friend, the professor
there, who's changing cars every couple of weeks like some people change their underwear.
Oh, I'm just worn out. Well, don't go back to bed.
I had a great day yesterday. Everything was fine. Went up and had a couple hours with
a paka up there and talked a lot of crap and I went to a walk to a wood vine and had
a great night. And then I came in here. And then he brought those goop balls and knew
that the terrible duo, flea and the steve. Just wear me out. It's called taking something
very simple and making it really complicated. Which seems to be what they're very good at.
Oh, and you're going to handicap 15 races from six different tracks and we're going to have
a special giveaway to all of the retards and you know, something I think the whole thing
may have been a really bad idea. I mean, I'm coming down there anyway. I got you know,
been missed to take care of, but I think this whole thing may have been a really bad idea.
Your fault, George. Yep, believe me. What do you mean, Blaine, you was here? You're
gotten the middle of it. Yeah, it was my idea. I wasn't the one that suggested it. Let's
have Neil do it. appearance. Of course not. You're a crazy person as if we didn't know.
Yeah, like I care. You care. I don't. Now, what do you get out of it? Are you getting paid
your usual costume appearance? Yeah. Yeah. Well, good. Yeah. So what do you bitch in me
out about having a couple of extra bucks, Mr. I'm desperate and I can't feed my family
and drive on an aside and buy a lot of dope. Happy to get it, but it wasn't my idea.
What turns out to make whose idea was? I just made it sound like it was. People in whose hands
it lies are a couple of well-reached and tight people. Right. Mumble, jumbo,
move balls. Okay. How would you want us to be? This is full man. You know, it would have been
much worse as if they'd planned a whole bunch of crap and then done it anyway and then you
wound up going there and a whole bunch of stuff happened that you didn't want to happen
or a whole bunch of stuff that you wanted to happen to. I'm just gonna go there and sign those cards.
There you go. I always thought you got to do it. I'm not gonna get up on the thing and be the
MC and nobody wants to do it. Nobody asks you to and the greeter like Larry G.
Yes, and my lemonade's dead. I'm not even suggesting it. It's not even suggested it. Good.
Now, you might want to ask Eric what happened with the stats on those news stories yesterday
because it's either him or Curtis. I'm not sure which one. Well, that's that now I'm beginning
to understand what happened. Eric probably throws those stats on the stories from yesterday when
Curtis fooded all up in order to get me pissed off even more at Curtis so that Eric could do the
stories that could pay him because I never knew. I mean, George told me before the show this morning
that Eric is desperately wants that money. And then what you said? That's what I said. Well,
something like that. That's what I said. You said he's always belly aching about he wants to put
the stories up and let me pay him every three or four months. That's what I said.
Which would be the least I could do because Eric is, you know, he's one of the few people in the
world that gives a crap about this show and about our, certainly about our website. He does. There's
no question about our website which the station doesn't want to be associated with because we
used to have those naked pictures on air, whatever else. Oh, they're disgusting. It's not about sports.
We don't want to be associated with the eruditor show. We're so old. We're feeling and the embarrassment
is mutual. Yeah, screw them. So the goodness for Chris is we got the new poll up there ready to go
for him off. Thanks to Charlie V who sent actually a few fairly decent polls for him. Not great.
And we got 955 on this one already. What do you got? 956. What what happened to the long?
57. I was reflecting like kind of lean over in the chair and just slump all like dead. No, I was
refreshing it. Yeah, refresh this. No, thank you. 957. What's the worst thing that pisses you off
most about your neighbor? I like all my neighbors. It's a good thing. I put that on her yesterday. See?
Smarty pants. 191. Although if they shocked me and sound floater, they like all their neighbors. Oh
my god. They should all live in my neighborhood. I don't I don't pay any attention when I'm
married to my neighbors. Even when I was all those years. I'm you know other than my friend Bernie
and his wife rest in peace. The Bernie moved away after his wife died and now I got like strangers
and across the street. That's the problem. Right directly across the street. That's the problem,
Cindy. Anyway, I like all my neighbors. 191. Sticker knows everybody's business to grade
trouble. 139. Lowing their dogs and cats to crap all over your lawn. 114.
Lowing their outside dogs to bark all damn night. 107. Last of noxious music and party until
midnight several times a week. 98. Park their cars partially on your yard or in front of your house.
67. Don't deal drugs. 49. Don't pedal their religion. 30. Leave their garbage cans out all
week with that smelly garbage in your raccoons crawling around at 29. Never more of the grass. 27.
Work on your vehicles. Jacked up on center blocks leaving parts all over the place. 24.
Paint their house in insane color like rural blue or plow or brindle brown. 19.
neglect their kid 16. Leave their Christmas lights hung on their house all year 15.
Deal drugs 13. And don't share. Always ask for favors 10. Never return stuff they borrow. 7.
Can I borrow a cup of sugar? I need to give back a cup of sugar.
Oh when you get the sugar? They give it back to them. I see. Is that how that works?
Yeah when you go to the store. I wouldn't trust anybody in my neighborhood with food you know.
They brought a cup of sugar probably poison probably arsenic. And is that ever actually happened?
Well I'm anybody wants to borrow a cup of sugar. I don't know that's the example I always use.
I don't know they do that on TV and stuff. They borrow a cup of sugar really?
What are you going to do with the cup of sugar? We're going to stick it for food.
Oh yeah as we're baking something then they are. Oh geez I'm short on sugar.
That's for all those people who are like Leslie Stella want to look ass you know.
Was that it? Like Scalia. Maybe Scalia had sugar in his ass because she was looking at oh my god
Licky Licky Licky Licky Licky. Oh honey's better.
Kissy kissy kissy honey bears. That's what Aaron Summers used to come honey bears that bitch.
I don't know if she can do a good show but she sure has a great ass.
That was Steve Nichols comment our degenerate program director.
Now let's see I'm going to be doing today. I got my expectorant. It did not them
make me come up a big almost anything. And yet, oh much better than yesterday.
In fact, what we'll do is we'll have a regular feature on a show between 10 and 10
30 every morning. Here Neil Breeve. Right. Okay. The flunch check. Yeah the flunch check.
We'll get a dipstick. Well, a lung checker. Yeah we can lie check it.
We'll check the lung level. We'll get a dipstick and check the flum level.
That's why he is a dipstic. Oh no. Oh god Neil.
Oh.
Well, I saw him on the Oprah television show saying he is a man.
But to me, it looks like the mama.
M-A-M-A-M-A-M-A.
Look at his belly. It hangs over his head.
It's not a beer gut. He says he is pregnant. He'll be a mama.
Or is it a papa?
Oh mama, mama, mama.
Mama, mama, mama.
Well, I tell you this guy is quite a size.
He's with sharp, but his pants ain't right.
And when he gives birth naturally, he'll still be glad that he's a sheep.
Well, I'm not the world's wasn't telling you guys.
But it's a big battle line that a woman can be a papa.
Papa, papa, papa.
He's really a mama.
He's talking about papa.
Papa, papa, papa.
10, 19, and 5, 60 WQA.
And don't forget to join George's Friday at Gullstream.
He's going to be out there again for one of his 8,000 appearances.
He needs the cash. That's right.
I tried to win him a few bucks again on a races from La Calder, I guess.
Or maybe we'll bet on the meadows.
We can do it all.
We're not going to be simultaneously in the meadows.
I don't know.
Maybe they will. I don't turn this crazy.
Maybe they won't. Maybe they won't.
I don't know. Maybe they do. Maybe they don't.
Maybe I do.
Maybe you're going to be really upset with me because after I won my 34-hundred
bucks yesterday at the...
See, I hit the 3,000 on the line and then you would have thought I'd
have gone home right away, right?
And I was on the way and I thought, oh, there's this one nickel machine I love.
It's got quick hits on it.
Okay.
And if you get a little bit...
So quick hits. What?
Quick hits.
No, not those kind.
And it's one of those multiples where you can play like up to 10 bucks every
year time you hit the button, which is too damn much for a nickel machine.
But anyway,
and I said I thought of that thing and I got a bunch of free spins.
It's really a nifty thing.
If you get...
There's a little thing comes up free spin.
If you get three of those, you actually get two...
There's a board that comes up and when you get...
You punch the buttons the different ones and when you get three of the same ones,
you get X number of free spins.
Okay.
And then on this particular time, I got 20 free spins.
Times three times credits.
And so you sit back and the music goes, bam, we got out and the thing keeps spinning
and spinning and whatever you get, whatever lands on each time you get the credits.
And the last time it came up with five quick hits, which is I think I don't know what it was.
So anyway, 431 bucks on a nickel machine.
Right.
So there was added to the three grand.
I won on the dollar Wheel of Fortune machine and I went upstairs and I had macaroni and cheese.
Oh no.
Why had I celebrated some of my own?
By Kyrgyz.
And I went home.
I waited here this.
Okay.
Shortly before he rose to deliver his rambling, angry sarcastic remarks at the National Press Club
yesterday.
Revolge Jeremiah Wright said next to enchanted with Barbara Reynolds in New York Daily News
Arrow Lewis begins today.
A former editor-in-chief board member in USA Today, she runs something called Reynolds
News Services and teaches ministry at the Howard University School of Divinity he adds.
It also turns out that Reynolds introduced Monday as a member of the National Press Club
who organized the event as an enthusiastic Hillary Clinton supporter.
I'm going to tell you this Reverend Wright, this is self-aggrandizing,
egotistical, selfish, obnoxious douchebag.
This son of a bitch who is going to rot in hell if there were such a place.
He doesn't care about Obama.
He doesn't care about the country.
He doesn't care about anything other than his own ego.
Just another egotistical preacher with a big stupid mouth.
That's all.
On a blog going to a website, ReynoldsNews.com.
Reynolds said in the February post, my hope for Hillary and the Maryland primary was my way of saying
thank you to Clinton or husband for the successes of Bill Clinton's presidency.
The same post criticized Obama's audacity of hope theme.
Hope I never definition is not based on facts, Reynolds.
It's an emotional expectation.
Things hope for may or may not come, but help based on experience trumps hope every time.
In another blog in Fuy Reynolds gives an ever sharper critique of Obama.
It's a sad testimony that protected exponentials has the unifier above the fray.
The senator is fueling the media characterization that Dr. Wright is some retiring old uncle
in the church basement.
I don't know if Reynolds' egotist to help Wright stage a disastrous news conference
of the National Media was where trying to help Clinton.
My queries to Reynolds by phone and email weren't returned yesterday,
but I'd say she didn't see any conflict between promoting Wright and supporting Clinton.
This is on Ross' story this morning.
I'm pretty rough, he asked me.
How do you like that?
I don't.
They will do anything and everything to Clinton.
They will smear.
They will smear.
They will be great.
I'm in a drugstore yesterday getting that expectorant.
And here's the National Enquirer sitting there on the stand.
I didn't buy it, thank god.
I'm cured myself of that.
Big front page story.
Oh, Obama's wife is the marriage is on the rocks and Michele's whipped up to her friends.
He's been cheating on the side.
This is an enquirer.
They will make him out to be Hitler, Osama Bin Laden, and Ganges Khan,
all combined, all rolled into one.
And I just noticed on the new Indiana pull,
Swellri's nine points ahead in Indiana.
This is the big smear and smear.
These are the final acts of desperation and believe you may either take an airy shot they can.
The Clintons, evil doers.
Not as evil as the Bush Mises, but nevertheless right in their own category, evil doers.
I hear the most important story that I promised I would get to when I didn't
saw already on the stand 30, which is my way of killing.
I saw much better today, don't I?
Yes you do.
Ah, must be that expectorant.
Thank you so much.
Although I still say I haven't, you know, there's still some stuff in there.
I know I guess today, right?
It ain't going to happen overnight.
Why not?
Because that's how God punishes you.
Well, screw God, okay.
That's the same God that put that jackass here on my right on that stage yesterday talking a lot of crap.
God, I didn't do that.
Don't blame that on God.
God done it.
No, he didn't.
He put him in.
All him to no ministry.
We say God that made the cock roaches and the mosquitoes and the armadillos and the crocodiles.
God created a crock.
This is what he did.
Ray Crock and he invented the McDonald's.
Which like I told you, although I haven't been here in a while now, maybe this afternoon for lunch, I'll go to Mickey D's.
I
am so worn out for man, always like an hour ago, but I'm just, you shouldn't done it.
No, it was two hours ago.
I had no idea the power cords were so, you know, jump a riot back to the party.
The whole thing here is like a like a big mishmash.
Okay.
There are cords and there are wires and it all works just fine.
But you dash and mess with the mystery and for just a second, I went into a panic because I thought,
oh, I can't get the damn modem back on again.
The lights won't come on.
It's got no juice.
And then I realized it's got that little on-off switch.
Little teeny tiny on-off switch, the size of, um,
Mickey Mouse's thing.
No juice.
Oh, man, different.
No juice.
I'm about to get that.
And I thought, oh, we're not going to get that modem working again, which means I lost my
internet.
And if that would have happened, Mr.
I'd have been pretty p-o-de-your-ass.
Well, I would have had to do the show then.
Why?
Because there's no way that you can do the show without the internet.
I got already got all my stuff printed.
Oh, okay.
Like it said, you're going to take a chance with that without all my material printed out.
Right.
I may be crazy, which of course I am, but not that crazy.
Okay, good.
Not yet.
I may be stupid, which I am.
Now, I got to do the break and then we'll do this important story.
Mending McCreety weeks as she confirms a fair with Roger Clemens.
How about who's more important in American history?
Samuel Langhorn Clemens or Roger Clemens?
Who?
Mark Twain.
Oh, no, I know that one.
It's the other one.
The whole is Roger.
26 past 10 a.k.a.
m.
Attention, male golfers.
How many times this happened to you?
You arrive at the course.
You hit the restroom one last time before you tee off and then you're on the 18 holes with
your best buddies.
After drinking sports aides, water, beer, and whatever you're on the third hole with no
restroom anywhere inside, no trees, no bushes around you just got to go.
What are you going to do?
Introducing the Euro Club, the discrete sanitary way for your urgent relief.
And believe me if there's anybody who knows about the need for urgent relief, you're listening to them.
Created by a board certified urologist who looks like an ordinary golf club,
a condenser reservoir built into the grip to relieve yourself.
The Euro Club comes with a special towel to keep your privacy and looks to everybody else
who just checking out your club.
Uh-huh.
Sanitary leak proof easy to clean no more embarrassing moments in the bush.
Only $49.95.
Let me say it again just $49.95 for a limited time order now and get a second Euro Club for a half price.
Call Euro Club now at $8.66.994.000.
That's $8.669.994.876.
The Euro Club, the only club you'd in your bag guaranteed to keep you out of the woods.
The biggest name of the best town of fiat.
The largest sport in the five sixty-two-a-am.
The sports leader.
Bit you slept you wore.
That's a new name.
Oh, I can get a gig dummy.
A play me home.
Oh, I like to think politics is something I know.
Oh, I don't know too much, but it's the best.
This bag can be good.
You, you, you, you'll favorite.
We ride in my thoughts to say.
Yeah, that hill is for you.
Huh?
You may think that I live here.
But then again, no.
No, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
And you, no.
And you, no.
I have a man chilling with a ringlid because your country blows.
Oh, oh, it's no life.
Only want your money so a few concerts that do.
Oh, hill of me is the biggest bad guy I ever used.
So I'm telling everybody,
for all the bad-ass girls,
and make the dumbest powerful.
It's in the world.
The world becomes wise.
The world becomes wise.
And keep the world house wise.
I want a children pager who thinks he'e aponento, pull'd high.
I wouldn't be surprised.
He wouldn't shock me completely if the accountant started using the N-word.
You know, just out of desperation in the next couple months.
They, if they thought it would work, they would.
But that's what I'm saying.
The N word, having new people notice he's an N, you know, like that.
And of course there in A, there are a couple of A's, holes.
We got a thousand votes, I changed the poll Chris.
Oh well.
See, you can keep up with me no more, you're just a big fat old toad.
Sitting on that big old chair.
Uh-huh.
Three days.
It would be about a 20% increase of all crude oil production over US levels.
And it would likely mean lower gas prices.
Yeah.
And yes, such efforts to explore them.
And N word have been consistently blocked.
Ha ha ha ha.
Right.
This is a crazy person.
And of course the people who still support them are even crazier.
Thousands of votes on the poll it's done.
It's finished.
What's the worst thing that fills you off about most about your neighbor?
I like all my neighbors, 199.
Twenty percent of the audience, they love their neighbor as they love themselves.
Like the Bible says, the good book.
The good book says, stone your children to death and they disappear.
That's what the good book says.
Kill all your enemies.
Every last one.
That's right.
And the babies and the goats.
Right.
Oh, let's see.
Neverstick, the nurse, everybody's business.
We're a treble 142.
A lot of their bells and cats to crap all over your lawn.
120.
Allowing their outside dogs to bark and bark all night.
Long 150.
There's a solution for that.
Not for the dogs for the neighbors.
Last but not least is music and party until midnight several times a week 103.
Park their cars partially on your yard in front of your house 70.
Don't deal drugs 52.
Pedal their religion 33 like Cindy.
Cindy quit peddling your religion party.
Get lost.
Cut the crap.
Leave their garbage cans out all week 29.
Never more the grass 29.
Work on their vehicles jacked up on center blocks leaving parts all over the place 25.
Paint their house in insane color like real blue or plaid or all of these apocodotes 19.
Neglect their kids 18.
Leave their Christmas lights hung under house all year 15.
Deal drugs 13.
I wonder if that drug house is still operating in my neighborhood.
You better go check it out.
Okay.
The right drug house.
I think there's two of them now.
Really could you drop me a map?
No, it's easy to find.
Send me Google map.
Always ask for favors 11 and every turn stuff they borrow like that.
Copy sugar like a lump of a coal 7.
What else in a bus borrow?
Flower like a lot of your into this story and I never do what the long or flower.
Yeah, I guess.
Tools screwdriver.
Sure.
Berricaded behind tightly drawn blinds at a Nashville home yesterday.
Country singer Mindy McCreedy never heard of her.
Confirmed a long-term affair with the battle picture Roger Clemens.
You ever hear Mindy McCreedy?
Nope.
Country singer baby in Nashville.
Ha ha ha.
I've actually picked it a lot.
I can't refune anything in the story.
A cheerful, but resolute McCreedy told the New York Daily News which broke the statement
night Sunday.
More for Roger.
He's got more problems.
He's got hemorrhoids and steroids and asteroids and now he's got this bitch on the
side.
The news reported that the two men in a Florida karaoke bar when McCreedy was a 15-year-old
aspiring singer and Clemens was a 20-year-old ace for the Red Sox and married father of
two.
She was a 15-year-old ace, firing singer.
Yes I know Roger Clemens for a long time at McCreedy said reading from a prepared statement.
He's a kind and caring man.
He's also a legendary athlete.
The central topic of debate, however, regards his professional life not his personal life.
There are legal matters working their way through the system that have nothing to do with
me.
She said, for my point of view, that's where the focus should remain.
After the teenage McCreedy met Clemens at a Fort Myers-Barr call the hired hand.
Oh my God.
I wonder where that hand was.
Correct him.
She returned with the rocket to his hotel room but there was no sex that night sources
told the news.
It wasn't until later that McCreedy had moved the Nashville and become a country-sing star
that the relationship turned intimate.
A lot of it would take a 15-year-old girl to a girl to his hotel room.
Tell her stories about his baseball career and let us be it.
Maybe to share some of those rights?
Sure.
Clemens is under FBI.
Well we know about that.
The rocket filed a defamation suit against McNamee on Oh, oh, Brian McNamee.
On January the 6th McNamee's lawyer Richard Emory said, revelations of the affair would
have a big impact on the case because the influence Clemens claimed that his reputation
was damaged.
If the case had to travel as not dismissed as we feel it should be, we'll be calling McCreedy
as a witness, Emory said.
The point is whether he was damaged by the allegations that he used steroids, he claims
he was hurt, but if there are other women and is not just one case in this case but many,
and he holds himself out as a family man in American paradigm, it's relevant.
None of this would have been revealed but for his lawsuit in Sanctomoneas testimony before
Congress.
And a statement Monday, Clemens' lawyer Rusty Harden confirmed McCreedy was a long-time
friend to Clemens and his family that said the relationship was not sexual.
Instead of mis-issuing or sending, had no time to lodge or engage in any kind of inappropriate
or improper relationship with her, he said, but sources would acknowledge the relationship
between the singer and Clemens say, McCreedy has never met Rodgers' wife Debbie Clemens.
And what does that prove?
I don't know.
You got a wife?
You got a wife?
Yeah.
Debbie Clemens had already emerged as a character in the Mitchell Report Sagan February
when news first reported that Mac made an injector the former cheerleader with human growth
hormone before she posts for a sports illustrated swimsuit issue.
When it doubted, who saws babies up?
Clemens later confirmed his tale in his congressional testimony.
The news also reported Monday that Clemens sent bundles of cash to McCreedy and FedEx packages
to help out her family financially.
He sent her bundles of cash and FedEx packages when that's going to start coming here.
I get a lot of FedEx packages every week but when's the cash start coming?
Right.
Huh?
Hey, chicken, that's when's the cash going to start coming in those FedEx packages?
I think there's one coming today.
And also I got a case of fax paper coming in there.
Well, what a banner day in my life.
Wow.
Woo!
Heavy duty.
And you'd be pleased to know I got some more of that oxygen, some more of those as a
halls oxygen?
All right.
Which aren't loaded with all that crap that make you a...
Yeah, no.
She suffered some legal troubles which included a 2004 rest for prescription fraud and jail
time last year for violating probation.
She's got some issues, baby.
And I just hate that expression.
Or he's got issues, she's got issues.
Who the hell doesn't?
You know what I mean?
No right, you're right.
Stupid expression.
Stupid, stupid idiotic expression.
So is this till the news McCready also received hefty checks, courtesy of Clements, some
of the amount of 25,000 dollars that were channeled to the singer through an intermediary
through a Pimp.
Pimp my check.
Such an arrangement raises questions as to why Clements would go through a third party
if you'd money to McCready if she and the rocket were just friends.
The rocket.
I wonder if he had a younger brother like Maurice Recher, the pocket rocket, Henry Recher.
Remember Henry Recher?
Nope.
Do you remember Maurice Recher, the rocket?
I remember him talking about these people.
We need to get some hockey on here, man.
This station is lost.
It's touched with hockey.
Well, we'll be doing it, Boris Miranov, but he's almost as ugly as his brother, not
quite.
The Meets you Miranov.
I remember that he played for the Leafs, number 15.
Well, what a memory I got.
For crap.
Such an arrangement raises questions as to why Clements would go through a third party
to give money to McCready if she and the rocket were just friends.
It's a suspicious conduct and it's something we'll question Clements about in a deposition
magazine or a reward said, every avenue will be explored at the deposition in Clements
data, Deformation Seuth.
McCready did her part to put some positive light on Clements and his legal morass.
I have no doubt that Vagiar has had excellent legal representation emerged from this a strong
person and a revered athlete.
She said, I wish him and his family the best.
My comment is, hope and be enrared.
Details and relationship could also emerge in several media projects and recreates involved,
including a documentary film, which is to begin filming soon, a new out-of-meadow reality
show.
All of these stand-stands, how do you like that?
She's busy.
And in the McCready.
Probably because she ain't getting those FedEx packages no more with big bundles of cash
in it.
Wouldn't be a nice thing if people would just send us FedEx packages with just tons and
tons of cash.
The address is 202.25.
Yeah, Northwest Second Avenue, Miami 331 and the 95.
Sixth grade.
Three, two, one, six, nine.
Like I said, don't get it wrong.
It'll get there.
All right.
That's Jorge Rodriguez, Kera Vigil.
Oh, so much better today.
Maybe during the break, I'll take me a couple of teaspoons.
And this stuff doesn't taste all that bad.
It's the Rexall House brand, you know?
I couldn't find it when you were talking about FedEx.
Yeah.
But I got an expectation.
It will make me all over the place.
All over the mic.
Through the radio buttons.
It's up to the switch.
It's a little rough.
Jorge, you're 5.
52 AM.
And big.
Fourth leader.
Oh, God.
MFL films present.
Don't let the door hitcher with a good Lord's blitcher.
Whether it's mustering one win in a 16-game campaign or making a 13-in-3 contender into a
5-and-11 meteor of mediocrity.
NFL head coaches know it's not just quarterbacks who get sacked.
And so on any given weekday, Mindy from HR will issue your final paycheck and discuss
co-bra healthcare options.
Then with security leading the way, you'll clean out your desk, grab your fight-his-plant,
and age it the facility to the battle cry.
Don't let the door hitcher with a good Lord's blitcher.
Rack them.
Okay, 10-47 at 5-60 WQ AM.
I didn't do the schedule yet today, man.
You better get win-out.
Come on.
The Herc Show 2-4.
With the one and only Jason Jerks.
Mad Dog 4-6-50.
What answer have we got?
The first pitch.
We've just the angle before the Marlin game.
Even though we don't carry the Marlin games.
But those 10 minutes allow us to get about 8-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-
Of course, there could be a lot of other things, but we would have to be religious but not any more 11.
Voted from Bush. Now, I hate him, 6. Good. Used to be Republican now Democrat, 5. Even better. Used to be atheist, but found God, 3.
Deal, God! We're different.
We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We're different. We
Down payment Mumworth and
Piyan Bank. B.'s worth value is...!
...in Brinn-
That's seven bucks ago-
It's cash donations-
of higher petrol and diesel costs. The price of oil came close to 120 bucks a
barrel yesterday was trading starting lower at 118 early train today. Let me take a
puke getter right now. I'll tell you what it is. You want me to take a puke getter?
All right. I'll get the puke ready. Oh boy. Oh 1696 and dropping. Oh all right.
Let's sell it. 1697 going back up. Let's have a party. Meanwhile the price of
petrol continues to rise because of supply concerns in Scotland where the
grain's mouth refinery will shut down for today's because of
industrial action. It always got some good excuse. You know. Let's act out to do
the price of peas in an up here. Workers have now returned to grain's mouth but
it'll take about three weeks to get the refinery which produces 10% of the
UK's petrol up to four capacity of grain. The automobile association said that
petrol price had a national average of one oh nine point eight pounds. Equivalent
to four ninety nine pounds a gallon. Now that's a leader. Four ninety nine that's
like ten bucks. Petrols expected to pass the five pound mark possibly as
released today ten dollars a gallon for the poor Brits where they deserve it.
Shell's earnings of seven point seventy eight billion were had a market
estimates of six point seventy eight billion as production rose from three point
five oh nine million to three point five two two billion barrels of oil
equivalent a day. The company share raised its quarterly dividend by eleven
percent to forty cents a share. Jason Kenny oil anglers that in said they look
like blow away numbers. Yeah they're blowing everybody away. See and if I thought
it would affect the price oil positively I'm seriously concerned. Oh yeah sure
you would you you robber you grave robber you bastard you butcher you and your
buddies the Saudis man you should all ride a wicked death in hell.
Shell's total cash flow is fifty percent up on the same period last year at sixteen
point nine billion but this was offset by higher capital investment in new production.
Your invader here.
Shell chief executive said good operating performance combined with increased oil
gas prices offset the impact of downstream condition in the first quarter so
every time you fill up your tank and you say oh my god dang dang damn crap and a
bunch of other stuff that I can't say on a year just think about the fact that
the oil companies are making record profits again year after year after year
record profits on the back of the pro shlup were out there and here's your
present up there. It is vision is incredibly dark I mean it's very important for
the American people to remember what life was like in Afghanistan prior to the
liberation of the country. Yeah we know a lot about that government in place that
used people human rights and women's own money off and pop it all school
just still doing and they provided safe haven't al Qaeda.
In the liberation of this country we've achieved some. Yeah they're doing some
damn good things over there. Carls I almost got assassinated yesterday do you see
that? No. Well I want to get you to depressive about that here's some more
depressing. New research challenges the notion that you can be fat and fit.
Finding that being active can lower but not eliminate heart risks faced by
heavy women. It doesn't take away the risk entirely. Wait still matters to
Dr. Martha Gulati high specialist Northwestern why do these stories always
about women? I mean don't don't we men count for anything or what? No that
anymore. How about fat men they don't count either? Well they're going to be
jetting. They're going to be in a bad environment around this place around this
nation. God. Previous research has gone back and forth on whether or
tomorrow's George is big meeting with Joe Bell speaking of fat people at
the time. I'm George's future with WQM and his big pay raise.
Previous research has gone back and forth on whether exercise or weight has
a greater influence on heart disease risks. The new study involving nearly 39,000
women helps sort out the combined effects of physical activity and body mass.
A woman's chance is developing heart disease at Gulati who wasn't involved in
research. The study by Harvard Affiliated researchers appears in yesterday's
archives of internal medicine which I'm sure you guys read religiously. Oh yeah.
Everyday. Participants were women age 54 on average who filled out a question
there at the study start detailing their height their weight amount of weekly
physical activity in the past year including walking jogging, bicycling, and
swimming. They were then tracked for about 11 years. Overall 948 women developed
heart disease. Women were considered active that they followed government
recommended guidelines. Got at least 30 minutes of moderate activity most days of
week including wrist walking or jogging women who got less exercise than that
were considered inactive. Weight was evaluated by body mass index compared with
normal weight active women the risk for developing heart disease was 54% higher
and overweight active women and 87% higher and obese active women. By contrast it
was 88% higher and overweight and active women and two and a half times
greater and obese and active women. You found all those stats? I don't. About two
and five US women at age 50 will eventually develop heart attacks or other
cardiovascular problems. Access weight can raise those odds in many cases.
Well in other words just do a lot of exercise I got to cut the mustard.
Assuming of course that fat people do a lot of exercise which is a false
assumption because we don't. We'll be hit by nature. We'll leave a lot of
exercise. You wouldn't be fat. My exercise is like wadland from here to the
refrigerator and then to the couch turn on the TV. If you change in the channels
on the remote was like exercise man I'd be slim. I'd be slim pickings. There you go.
It's not our nation's interest. We're in a global struggle against thugs and
killers and the United States of America has got to continue to take the lead
and so in Afghanistan yeah we're making progress. Is that mean? You know that
over? No it doesn't mean it's over. Where in a long struggle? Your
president is the main crisis of losing it if he ever had artists. You defeat
him ultimately by the advance of democracy. Oh yeah. This is an ideological
struggle. These aren't isolated in law enforcement moments. We're dealing with a
group of ideologues who use asymmetrical warfare that means killing innocent
people to try to achieve their objectives and one objective is to drive us out
of Afghanistan, Iraq, the Middle East or anywhere else where we try to
confront or just drive us out of our mind of which he's doing a great job.
I got the rest out. I'm going to be the fourth leader.
He's the third or five. He's the third or five.
So who is the third? Oh, Dr. Dory. Any question? Some people call me the
fourth runner. Yeah. Some call me the next president. Some people call me
Hussein because my success is something the frankly they resent. But there's
something about me, baby. The folks, oh, some folks think it's wrong. It's very
wrong. I have an addiction to nicotine. Now, baby. I tried to quit. I tried to quit.
It's just too strong. Yes, I'm a smoker. A two-packer, a butt bummer, a morning
hacker. Hiding from the press is so much fun. No joking. I love smoking. But one
thing I'm sure hoping that my campaign won't be undone.
Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo. Woo.
It's 11-11 at 560 WQ. I mean, I knew where by your president in
train just engines. And he even in virtually and he still couldn't get it out.
When it doubt he blurted it out. Fresh sports. More.
Mishra is a species. He's illiterate. He's a moron. He's an idiot. And he's a
president of you. Yeah. And the people in the media like take it seriously,
like business for real. You know, not some kind of a moron who was born with a
silver spoon up his ass. Here's another very important story. Ashley Duprey from
Spitzer College World case. Suits girls gone wild for $10 million over photos and
videos. What could be more important than that? Except maybe that Roger Clemen story.
The college girl who triggered the downfall of former New York governor Elliot Spitzer sued the
founder of the racey girls gone wild videos Monday for $10 million.
Sliming her image and name are being exploited.
Actually, Alexander Duprey also contended lawsuit that she was only 17 to
young this sign legally binding contracts and drunk on spring break in 2003.
When she agreed to be filmed for girls gone wild and my meat beach.
Beach. Duprey did not understand the magnitude of
reactions nor that her image in like this will be displayed in videos and DVDs.
Since the lawsuit filed by Miami Attorney Richard C. Wolfe, I wonder if he's
kin to Michael Wolfe? I don't know. I ask.
And a lot of think Wolfe. Or maybe he's just kin to the big band.
The lawsuit filed in federal court. Miami names the defendant's girls gone wild founder Joe Francis.
Two of his companies and a man purportedly involved in creation of two internet sites.
The lawsuit contends and properly used Duprey to sell DVDs and other products.
Francis 35 has built a soft porn empire filming and marketing videos of young women
exposing their breasts and being shown in other sexually provocative situations,
often in public events such as Marty Roth or Beach Spring Break Locals.
Duprey got famous in March as the high price call girl named Kristen, who was hired by
Spitzer for at least one twist at a plush washroom in hotel for one bang.
I wonder if he got more bang for his buck? I'll ask him.
Spitzer known as client young and court documents reside as New York Governor
a few days after the scandal broke as we all know. Francis made public a million dollar offer
for Duprey to appear in girls' vile video and go on promotional tour then rescinded the offer
after her archival footage from 2003 surfaced. Duprey's lawyer also warned she was only 17 when
the video was shot. Not 18 is Francis claimed. Uh-huh.
jail beat.
Francis said in March that Duprey spent a week on a girls' gun of mouth bus made seven full length
tapes after signing release papers. He also said he bought a robusta at home to North Carolina.
Nothing could be finer than go back to North Carolina. Francis said he was surprised by the lawsuit.
It's uninccomprantable that Duprey could claim she didn't give her consent to be filmed by
girls gone wild when in fact we have video tape over giving consent while showing her identification
Francis said in the statement. Francis said the photos were taken in front of room full of people
including two newspapers and multiple crews we had in the room according to the statement.
He also said he would be happy to discuss the millions out offer with her again.
The lawsuit claims Duprey's the victim of unfair trade practices false advertising
on authorized use of her likeness. Francis has no stranger to legal problems in Florida. He spent
a year in jail was released in March after pleading no contest to charges of child abuse and
prostitution charges for filming underwrapped girls in the pan-handled beach town of Panama City.
All those good religious kids go there on the buses to Panama City and they screw their brains out
on the beach. All right for for the Lord that's right there's school and for God baby. Oh God
that's good there's screaming they're yelling and wheeling. Four women who crammed they were
17 or underwent filmed a filed civil lawsuit against Francis. Francis also faces federal
tax evasion charges in California prosecutors say companies control my Francis claim more than
20 million dollars in phony deductions in 2002 and 2003 and that Francis used offshore accounts
to conceal income. Right he's got sores he's got issues when you're saying indeed although
although what what a great idea like to be that guy. I mean as you knew after Wednesday maybe
there's you know patients sure after you tell jolly joda stick his offer of a pay decrease
where the moonbones try. What if he says to you like he said to me I'm going to cut your pay by 50%
uh nice no give you what nice knowing you. We'll give you five more years after this year of what
of five more years ago and deeper in the day. Oh yeah yeah desperation right exactly.
Uh lack of cooperation no promotion all of these things. A lot of BS, a lot of Rahu Rahu
sis boom ba yeah not even. I wouldn't do it. No. 71 votes on this new pool. What do you think of
the new pool Chris? They were missing a couple things okay. Hillary and Bill. Oh yeah.
Used to like the Clintons but now hate him right. Good one. And a good one yeah.
Got it. You go in and out. Here's what we got so far. Used to be religious not anymore 23.
Voted for Bush but now hate him 10. Hate him. It helped. Rumors about Iranian help.
And these countries are just named our all written for us to wipe them off the map that's right.
Used to be Republican now Democrat 8. Used to be conservative now level 6.
Used to be a little now conservative 5. Used to hate Neil now like him 5.
Used to be an atheist but found God 5. Used to support war now opposite 5. Used to like Neil
now hate him 3. Used to be a Democrat now Republican 1. Used to be gay now straighting out one.
Once hated Bush now like him 1. Oh let's find that one. Used to oppose war now supported none
out of 73 votes. And what are we adding on there. Used to like the Clintons now hate him.
Hate them like poison. There you go again. I did not say that you're trying to put words in my mouth
and you know do this all the time follow me around. Do you do that finger man wagging that finger
when he waves the finger the lies just keep getting bigger his nose keeps getting longer.
First you know what I said you and I don't like that in trangesons either.
In what a sense he just stands up there in front of all these media people and makes all these
errors and it talks like a moron like a high school dropout like an elementary school dropout.
And they continue getting up there and asking well Mr. President thank you so much and
you have a good BM this morning how you doing Mr. President.
You and Laura still are doing the nasty. Well what I thought that is.
Sorry to ruin your day. Although you see I'm trying what I'm trying to do is make today really
bad for them tomorrow. Whatever happens tomorrow will be better. Yeah I doubt it.
Why do you say that? In other words you're pessimistic going into your big meeting with the
guy. No no no no it's just you know it's one of those unknown things it's like you know what's
in the box that sort of thing. Yeah it's like that offer that they made me unknown.
So the new edition is already fourth.
Let me refresh my pool. Oh yeah it's moving up the ladder big time.
I'm used to hate it. I like to cleanse the lawn out hate him like poison.
And rightfully so they will do anything it doesn't make any difference what it is they will do
anything to get her the nomination. They don't give a crap about the country they don't give a crap
about the Democratic Party they don't give a crap about the world about anything.
All they give a crap about is themselves and getting back their asses back in that door man.
They liked it they had eight years of a good life and how they wanted back.
And they only made $109 million last year I mean you know times are tough George.
Mm-hmm I know.
Week after week more and more people are taking advantage of meals half-priced deals on wqm.com
and now this Thursday it'll be time for another great restaurant offer. Starting in new
on Thursday you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just 50 bucks to the Blue Moon fish companies
Coral Springs location. The owner chefs of Blue Moon Coral Springs has set a masterful tone
for dining in the most elegant setting. Specialties include lobster and shellfish pan roast.
Sesame-crusted big ituna. Macadamia nutcrested chili and sea bass and Asian stir fry
plus for the meat lovers peppercorn-wrapped New York surloin. No filet mignon or
custard New Zealand racolam and lots more. Everybody loves the Blue Moon fish company it's in
Coral Springs. One 13 17 rural Palm Boulevard for reservations call 954-755-002. And thanks to
me on Thursday you'll be able to buy $100 certificates at half price just 50 bucks. The store opens
at noon on wqm.com so be poised and be ready.
What's the biggest name of the best tower?
If you're a Roger sportsman you'll buy $50,000. The sports leader.
Rib. Every week night at 10 it's the adult tower on NBC.
Kick the delicious dramas like Naughty ER and Rod Order. Special unit.
Randy reality shows like my dad is bigger than your dad and feel or no feel plus
sizzling sick arms like the Orphus 30 rock hard and my name is Oral. Put the kids to bed and come see it all on
NBC. Like he caught network. It's 11.50 to 5.60 WDQ. I am happy to do it to you. We got the jerk show
coming up until this afternoon in spite of public outcry. Here's the facts from somebody who says
here's one for the poll. Used to be obsessed with sports watching now I couldn't care less.
Why don't we say that? Well however they said it. Used to be obsessed with sports watching now I
couldn't care less. You got room for that on the poll. You're crazy. We can write a book on there.
On what? You can write a book on it. No you couldn't because you never were obsessed with
watching sports. No but I mean any answer that we put on there. I watched the hockey game last night.
I watched the fire's beat the Canadian. It could be better Neil but Marty Turko has been
still in the devil. Nobody wants to know about the dance.
Wow how do you like that huh? That's that screaming Gary Thorne on ESPN screaming and
wailing and just carrying on. So we're going to put that on there. Used to be obsessed with
watching sports now I couldn't care less. Yeah. Oh look at that the Clintons have moved to the
second place. They're going to be on top so to speak. They're rushing to the top
because anybody with a brain realizes that they're just a devious and dangerous and full of crap.
Just mindless hate and then to find out that Edna of course doesn't surprise me.
They're one of her close allies and supporters who was behind that whole thing with bringing
Reverend Jeremiah back there to the National Press Club yesterday. This bastard needs to go
into a broom closet somewhere and not come out to Christmas.
Miserable obnoxious son of a bitch. Yeah let's report.
I don't like him. Oh.
116 votes on the new floor. That's not too shabby. Used to be religious not no more or 26.
Used to like the Clintons but hate him now. 22. Oh yeah they're moving in the first place.
Hopefully I'm moving back into the White House.
And if anybody wonders why the Republicans are just rubbing their
hind legs together and urging everybody. Oh vote for him. Oh yeah.
Oh yeah. Can't imagine why.
Obonisca is the crap out of them but Hillary oh she's their man.
That's funny on so many levels.
The number of you this is not funny. Well a lot of bad news today man.
Not a good day to be doing these things. Let's just play comedy but stuff play all over.
You got to love to play. Oh right.
Oh that should take you still midnight. Easy.
The number of US homes heading toward foreclosure more than doubled in the first quarter
from your earlier as weakening property values and tightening petal lending left many homeowners
powerless to prevent homes from being auctioned to the highest bidder.
Among the hardest hit states were Nevada. Florida.
And in particular California were stocked in the nation with the foreclosure rate.
There was six point six times higher than the national average.
Nationwide 649,917 homes received at least one foreclosure related filing in the first three
months of the year up a hundred and twelve percent from the San period last year.
The latest tally also represents an increase of 23% from the fourth quarter of last year.
All told one in every 194 households received a foreclosure filing during the quarter
foreclosure filings increased in all but four states.
You might want to take this story to the Sun Central and put it on the desk,
slap it right in front of his face on the table when you were to lunch with Jolly Jodamau.
Okay.
And say I don't want to be number 649,918.
Yeah.
The unavailability of loans for people without perfect credit and a significant down payment
is slowing the process. It's a cycle that's going to be difficult to break and we're certainly
not at the breaking point just yet. The surgeon foreclosure filings also suggests that the much
stout of campaigns by lawmakers in the mortgage lending industry ended helping adverse homeowners
are not paying off. Hope now, a Bush administration organized mortgage industry group,
said nearly 503 homeowners would receive mortgage aid in the first quarter.
Most of the aid was temporary however. Pennsylvania was a notable standout in ladies foreclosure
data. Number of homes in the state to receive a foreclosure related filing plunged 24.4%
per year earlier. They quitted into the client of the states foreclosure relief measures,
noting that cities such as Philadelphia put a place put in place a more
German offer of closure auctions for April implemented other measures aimed at
helping slow foreclosures. Nearly 157,000 properties will repossess by lender's nationwide during
a quarter. George is going to be next unless he starts getting some serious, serious money.
Doesn't have to be serious. Well, some hilarious money. Yeah. Right. Some funny money.
And some sarcastic money. Right. Florida had 87,893 homes
you putting at least one foreclosure filing, a 178% jump from the first quarter last year,
and a 17% hike from the fourth quarter of last year. That translates into a foreclosure
rate of one in every 97 households. The other states among the top 10 of the highest foreclosure
rates were and I'm going to seize all. Let me back. Colorado.
Georgia. Ohio. Michigan. Massachusetts and Connecticut.
Why would anybody live in Connecticut unless it was like right next to New York City?
Can you imagine? I don't know. I haven't been there. I've heard mixed reviews. Not good.
Really? Never been to New Haven? Well, no. Hartford? No. What's bad about it?
Sucks. You know compared to here. Oh, that's great. I see.
Well, if I found out there, I'd move to Connecticut tomorrow. All right.
In fact, I'd be on my B-packing right now. I might be.
I'd be packing it. I think these these halls zone, I think they're more harmful than they're
helping. Really? Did that sound better earlier than the show? Well, you were fresh.
Fresh my ass. Refresh your ass. I was fresh. Look at what that was. I mean,
I wasn't fresh. I was fresh from crawling around on a floor, trying to do it a whole bunch of
wires and you're trying to do it by psychic powers from Florida from Florida miles away. Yeah,
I could have done it. You're in Tencent. So what? We could have done it.
I'm not doing it again. Okay. Get the engineering here. He can do it in five minutes. So,
all set up. In fact, if they would have told him to pick up a cheap router on the way over here
last week or when I only showed up, it would be already done and over with. But no, that's not the
George Corso way. That's not the Beasley Corp. Way. Oh, no, we might have to spend 50 bucks. Oh,
geez. And especially, I might have to spend 50 bucks that we don't have to spend. Maybe the
router is not done. But guess what? What? What? Done. And what's it's done? It's done.
What? It's only one vote behind. I like Alexinev rising to the top like this scum,
months, it can super refrigerator. Never see the way that works. Sure. The congeals on the
top are sitting there. Yeah. Like a layer of thick layer of pus-filled skin. Yeah. And that,
of course, he put a spoon in it and you mix it all back up in the soup again. He'd hit it up and he'd
to soup with all that chicken fat. They're lard on top. Well, that's not lard. What would
is lard? Lard is fat. But it can be chicken fat. I don't know. Yeah, you're going to say sure,
sure. Well, why would you say that when you don't know? I don't know. That's why it's not. Sounds to
me like lard is beef fat. I don't know. I guess. Sounds right. I'll put a lard. Do it. You'll see,
you'll see, um, this is picture there. Under lard asked, fatty pork. Really? A soft white solid or
semi-solid fat obtained by rendering a fatty pork. So it's not chicken. It's pork. Chicken fat is
different. Chicken fat is here as high in pork because it's kosher. It's Jewish. Jewish fat like
Ron Jeremy. And there was some show on cable. I don't know what it is. Maybe one of you
knows what it is. Another one is eating. Mead and panel shows, you know, like the view where
they got a bunch of losers sitting around. Erica Strada was on the panel. Oh, Ron Jeremy. And I
thought the other ones were. It was the most pathetic cast of misfits I've ever seen in my life.
And they were, I don't know what they were talking about. I didn't stop long enough. Erica Strada,
hey Eric, you're fairy. Well, Ella Sheikin and Ron Jeremy. I just don't get it. I don't understand it.
Although the day he was in that studio, man, all the people in especially the females,
all gathering around, oh hey, Ronnie, well, I like my, I hit something movie star. I told you the
rule. And what is it? Jays and movies. You see, they've seen your face on something other than your head,
your famous, and they love you, and they want you. That's how chicks are. It could be unwanted poster.
They want him. It could be unwanted poster. It could be on a roll of toilet paper. It could be on a
box of cereal. Ron's had a roll of toilet paper. It could be on the news for murdering 500 people
and children. I don't like hearing trans citizens. What? Oh, God.
You look at that stuff and you just, you just shake your head.
And then you want to see a covenant again. Please do. I do. What are your stories? I'm curious
about your review. What is it? Tories does. Well, what am I going to find out? It's running
around the cable. It's on all the cable channels. You'll trip over by accident. Not here. That'll be
there. I got 75,000 channels. Well, let's see what's on my movie channels right now. Okay.
Before I find any more depressing stuff. Oh, here's Haven. Oh, oh. Some white dude and some
a dark dude. Oh, he's got a gun. The white dude. Well, I think he's it out. Oh, the cradle.
That looks pretty mysterious cradle. Little fish on the reef. Everything put together.
Or here comes the among. Really? Body snatchers. Oh, I guess one movie's been remade and I have no idea why.
The Hitcher. Yeah, we talked about that. We did. Yeah, we did. Why do they remake the Hitcher? To make money.
Oh, to be the ottoman. What is that? There? You have any idea what that is? No. Oh,
Indigo Autumn. Paradise Falls. Student bodies. That's what I think it is. Oh, wow.
What is it? Old comedy. Oh, my god. There was nothing funny about that. Let me tell you. That
Teen Wolf Street Fighter 2 killer image. I mean, it's probably not going to be on in the middle of the
day. Why not? Water movie for Christ's sake. Oh, well, good. What could be better than the middle
of the day than a good slaughter movie? I agree with you. You know how they are. Yeah, I know how they are.
Oh, we don't want to put in. Of course, all the kids are in school right now, so they can't see
it now. So what's wrong with that? Why don't they think like that? Like I do. Like this show. We
can say because all the kids are in school. They won't hear it. It's not like when the kids
used to listen to their headphones and there is Sony Walkmans in school because the show was
racing and launching and wanting to hear all that funny stuff on the show. We can't tell you
that anymore. No. So we can say whatever the hell words we want. Just like Charlie Beesers.
Well, you know, grab them by the balls and make them do this and make them bring the farts out.
I mean, this man is in such a state of denial. No, not denial. I don't know what state.
Well, Florida is bad enough. Totally separate from anything to do with reality.
I'm busy with planning a name. The best out here with neurologist.
Forty-two-five fifty-two-a-am. And they. Forty-fourth. Later.
Had your breasts are beautiful. Well, I was shot by an epic storm for some food.
Buying groceries never felt so good. Too bad it didn't know that credit was waxed.
Store security was breached in the database. That ACR-A-D that spells me.
But credit is crap dot com baby. I'm as crude as I can be.
Thought about pulling myself maybe now instead of eating, getting fat.
My identity was stolen and now my life is just crap.
C-R-A-D that spells me. My credit is crap dot com baby.
Now you ought to play that bit at the beginning of your lunch with Joe tomorrow.
You ought to have that on your little thing. You know, I'll take a boom box.
Now take a big little boom box and blast it.
And then say I'm dying out of here.
And see what happens. When Joe stops laughing.
More than half the teenage girls taken from a polygamist compound in West Texas
have children or our pregnant state officials said yesterday.
Must have been a lot of school and go on that place.
You know, a total of 53 girls between the ages of 14 and 17 are in state custody.
After three and a half weeks ago at the yearning for Zion Ranch Neldera.
They were yearning for something all right.
They found lying. They're Zion.
Abo's girls 31 either have children or our pregnant said child predictors.
Service spokesman Dero Azar. He didn't specify how many our pregnant.
All of his kindergarten to Rick Azar. He used to be the voice of the Buffalo Bill I think
100 years ago. And Borek Azar?
No.
A-A-U.
It shows you are pretty distinct pattern that it was pretty pervasive, he said.
State officials took custody of all 163 children at the ranch and controlled by
fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints saying a pattern of teen girls forced
into underage spiritual marriages and cessed with much older men,
creating an unsafe environment for the sex children. No crap.
Under Texas law children at the age of 17 generally cannot consent to sex with an adult.
A girl can get married with parental pre-mortem permission at 16,
but none of these girls has believed they have legal marriage under state law.
State officials said earlier that they found girls who have pregnant or had children
of their own at the ranch, but hadn't provided more than rough estimates till yesterday.
Church officials have denied that each other more abused at the ranch say the state's
action to perform a religious persecution. That's right. That's my religion. I want to go out there
and grab a whole bunch of kids off the street and rape them and they have my way with them and then
say hey it's my religion. We'll talk about the Catholic community. What? We'll talk about the Catholic
again. Yes. Oh there's a whole McCain insane McCain. Corporate abuse. Oh they got all the crazy
people on a bush and McCain and McBush. FLDS spokesman Rod Parker said it doesn't believe the
CPS Count is accurate. He said that from talking to ranch residents he believes at least 17
of the girls may actually be adults but have been labeled by CPS as minors.
Agency officials have called into question claims of it all home among the girls since the
raid and in some cases of the speed documentation provided saying the girls look younger than 18
because many FLDS members share similar names of complicated family relationships. I didn't
find all the children taking the custody has been a challenge. Many of the girls look younger
than 18. Oh there's the phone. I'll be back. Oh really? Yeah. I don't have any music ready?
Bucharest? That's all I know. Damn. How long do you think this is going to take?
That looked time to redeploy for this play. Going on Friday? Sure. One up. Quest.
Group from Caledadette University going to be doing a play. Howard named Library Auditorium.
Raised money for the Alliance for Families of Deaf Children to the Friday. For the people. Seven to eight PM.
Okay. Go online. That was important is a good thing because the my
Fax papers downstairs. Oh that is important. And they got a temporary concierge down there who don't
know me from Adam and well well yeah otherwise you can see I got up here. Do you have much
those cases of a Fax paper way? I don't know. A buck. A pound. But uh 8,000 pounds. Wow you got
a hand truck. Oh well that's when I go down here get it on the trolley man. Right on. Later on I'll
go down there get the old trolley and mosey back on up here. I have now Fax paper last me for months.
Great. I'm not like over there with the beesleys you know this nickel and dime. Oh we can't afford
Fax paper and paper clips and office supplies. And we sure couldn't afford that router that the
engineer up there could have put in weeks ago. Now we couldn't do that. No. Well at least they
suck me into buying one anyway. Not that I wouldn't have bought the other one. Yeah.
They just don't want to do it right there where they won't listen. You got to tell Jolly
Joe that tomorrow. Give him that message from me. They will not listen. Okay I'll be sure to do that.
There is nobody and I mean nobody working in that radio station now who has ever seen this studio.
The only people who put this studio together were Fat Julio who was a great engineer who they
can because he was making too much money. They thought Bob Bermuth was also wrong gone thank goodness
and the engineer here was a real engineer and a good guy. There's the only people that work on
this studio. There's nobody in that place at all who's ever seen this place. We got it. Got it.
I just mentioned enough that I want to invite them here. Remember when Fixi tried to invite
himself up here. And that would have been a good thing too if I could get the audio from the
computer through the board. That would be great. Yeah. It wouldn't be that big of a project but I'm
fix it sticking his nose in here. I don't want him pochkin with his studio. You might want to
mention that it's a very handy tool. I want to mention what? Getting your tickets to the engineer?
Yeah. See what it would take. Maybe not. Maybe that was a good guy. Of course I want to get paid for it.
Oh no. Oh no. Oh no.
In fact I'm thinking of it next year is going to be this gigantic budget cutbacks you know
including my salary. I don't think it maybe they should build me a big studio in my house.
Remember when they offered to do that? Yep. Of course that was Greg Reed I believe.
Remember how different things were with Greg? Well you know Greg Reed had all that money and he
used to spend the his own money. Bubbly I like that. That's what Joel said. I say that's his excuse
for everything. Oh it's it was easily read. It's not easily bell. That was his line to normal. I see.
And of course you'll blame the beesleys for everything you know. Oh well I can't do
anymore money because Bruce Beasley is a tighter to drum and he won't. I got orders from him.
That's what he's going to say. I see. How much they respect what you do and they appreciate it.
How valued you are on the show and how important you are to kneel and bop bop on.
But then he'll give you a mountain. I'm just thinking that maybe I'm wrong. I'm thinking
out loud you know. Even very wrong. I hope we'll see. I hope they say to you hey guess what you're
doing a great job. You're going to be on all and you'll one thing you've got going is that the
summer time's coming up. Yeah. It's not that far away. You realize today is the 29th of April
and that Thursday is El Umode Mayo. See El Umode Mayo when you know happens around
L.D.A.C. say stay hunyo don't you see right. I still work in Tuesday and Thursday all summer long
three months and you're on three days a week. Yep. It's a scary thought but never less than
long. No. Be afraid. I'm not afraid. You've done just fine. You've held up your end for the last
how many years we've been news. 2000 was the first year so this will be the eighth year. Wow.
Wow for the summer you know it was during the fillings before that. I know that you know
how they call it. I never forget as long as I live to look on your face. Yeah the shock
the more that's because I was crapping myself when you said that. I don't know if you know that
because I was getting ready to take my first rotation on this station. We were down on a second
force to it. Labor day it was though. Yeah I said those tapes just absolutely suck. George
controlling. Yeah my face went white. Why do they use you? You have a shade of pale. Oh you'd be
happy I got a little bit of a tan now but yeah I I I've joist myself or practically. Why will I
be happy that you've got a tan? Is it bothering me that you're pale? No but you roll away. It just
means you're healthier if you've got a little bit of a tan. Looks like it. You got some vitamin D in
you. Got a out of the sun. You got a little something in you. Sure. Something something. I mean
I know what I like to do is my foot. My foot. Welcome. Did anybody ever confagulate with Eric
about why the stats? Oh he mentioned that earlier. He said be probably because
Josh Cordis had him take some of the ones off for the stories that he put on twice or by mistake
or something. That was like hours ago. The stats are probably screwed up because Josh asked
me to delete the ones he put up by mistake. That's what Eric wrote in the little box.
Yeah they're screwed up. They're still frozen up what they were yesterday.
Nice going Cordis. You're an idiot. Okay. I mean it's not really that thing of a job. You think
Eric wants to do it. Ask Eric. Send him a message. Now how would you feel about that? Would you
feel that I was like screwing over our Josh Cordis? I was thinking out of it you know because I have
I like that. Guess what Eric? I don't care what Josh Cordis looks like. Okay now if he looked
like one one Pablo that would be a different story. Then you could blame me and say oh and he
also got a soft heart because the kids are really hot looking guy you know. Josh Cordis is a nice
kid but he's just he's a little like George you know he's just like a person a guy. Thank you
I'll take it. I mean I don't want to get involved because I like them both as you know.
Well what about Chris can you be after we do the break? Maybe we'll have a discussion about this
and you can leave the insider like no it's a present you can be the shyer. What do you think?
Um and don't be enthrangered you then. Um well think about it. So I think I got a tie between
Cordis and Eric. Yeah. Don't give me an answer now. Okay. I love him 41 a QA and the Kentucky Derby
one of sports most anticipated events takes place this Saturday May 3rd and there's no better
place to experience all the action than Gulf Stream Park. The nation's premier watch and wake
your facility as an editor of Honest Oracle fans big brown winner Gulf Stream Florida Derby will
be running in a race. Then there's the chance to do it in mom while sipping on a traditional mid
july and while the big race is the big story there's a four day of activities playing with
something for everybody all day they're given away great prizes like laptop computers,
GPS system digital cameras and lots more and for the ultimate Seekers I'll have on display
there was most exotic power boats. It's horsepower meets horsepower plus only Gulf Stream Park
features Vegas style slots. I'm the limit poker room in the latest video poker games and fabulous
dining at 10 palms or Christine Lee's. No Mr. Kentucky Derby this Saturday May 3rd at Gulf Stream Park
admission itself parking are free call 9 5 4 4 5 4 7000 around line go to galstreepark.com
that's Gulf Stream Park on federal highway in hell and there.
The best talent for the United States is 4.560 QAM and the fourth leader.
Blick it and stick it in the cutthroat world of politics if you can't stand the heat get out of
Hills Kitchen. A dodge to sniper's bullets so I think I can take whatever you people cook up.
Hills Kitchen 12 campaign staffers face new challenges each week with only one deranged supreme.
Oh this bitch huh? I did Hill. I'd rather vote Republican than revishe.
Hillary Clinton has a short fuse. I need both both both now.
The issues are hot but her temper is hotter. Hills Kitchen.
My dad you call that the campaign closer? I don't know Hill.
I wonder why bail this with this get out of my face.
Who will survive? Who will get burned? Find out on the next fiery edition of Hills Kitchen.
Let's figure that guess is in first place or 180 return pull.
Clinton. What have you done 180 return on? I used to like the Clintons now I hate him 38.
Wow used to be religious not no more 36 voted for Bush now hate him 20.
175 vote I'm not going to read the whole thing because we got important minutes to take care of here.
Chris is going to be the um arbiter the arbitrator the arbitrator the arbitrator.
Oh fighting morning the book is out oh all the sudden got very sick.
I'm having a relapse so what do you think should we let give the stories now did you send
their message about that or what? No.
Why just got through town you're doing the last segment then we ought to send him a little
little little little box there. Send him a message and say to Z we didn't want to do the stories
and would be okay if I sent him a check every three or four months.
Well he was listening said I don't really want to do the stories I will if I have to but it's not
what I prefer. I told you that I see George is the one that's stirring us all up.
So I have heard that said when like when the two of them would come and go back and forth about stuff.
Yeah um Eric was like well fine I'll just do the story then you know what I'm saying I made that up.
Yes okay no okay I don't know. I'm not saying you made it up but he you know he keeps changing his mind.
He's a busy guy he's got a business to run there okay he's not a wife and a family to feed
he's got a business to run that's why he wants money.
The amount of money that I would send him for doing those stories isn't going to change his life okay.
You think I don't think I cannot think a thousand bucks every three or four months is going to change in adult's life.
So it was yeah no one.
Oh I thought I said you the money okay great.
There's a good idea Eric can do the stories I'll send you the month sounds great.
Well Eric's busy I like I said Chris can do the stories I'll send you the money.
Okay he's pretty quiet about no no that's just right there with a silly look in his face to get red and I'll pay.
He's always got to look at his face I know I'll puff up like a bullphotote.
So we don't have to that's good we don't have to resolve that I guess not because he doesn't really
want to do it. Curtis doesn't really want to do it he just wants a good pay.
Right well it's like most of us on our jobs we don't really want to do it we just want to get paid.
Right.
Right.
I could do another two hours today but you know what?
I don't want it.
Right.
And I have a choice.
It's called survival is what it's called.
Right.
The business about people who love their job so much I mean I don't mind it.
It'll be great when we take calls again in fact let's take a call this segment that beats
didn't dig in bitches.
It beats the digging in your nose.
Oh I don't know.
Some of that.
Well last couple weeks though.
Sometimes you guys will be paid off both of them.
And with the big pay off with Randy Merriman on TV you know they see a way meant coats 3 pm every
afternoon.
That's back in the 50s man old TV Jack Bailey queen for a day.
Eric says.
What?
Eric says what?
I said I'd take them over because I'd rather do the stories than have a hassle from it but I
prefer someone else doing it.
Right of course I knew that.
And you're the one that's trying to get him involved in doing it.
He doesn't have the time to miss with that.
Okay.
It's a time consuming bunch of crap.
I made the whole thing up.
And I expected him out when I sent courtes 400 stories and he like looks at that.
Oh geez what do I do now.
Now his end it will go out then.
What is it?
His internet will go out then.
Yeah that's right his internet will go out again.
If I send more than a dozen stories courtes his internet connection goes out.
Oh I got no internet at the house.
I also had no internet here this morning thanks to George.
That's my greatest fear.
I don't mind trying to get this fixed and get that fixed.
Well I was not.
I'm reaching under there and there's all these power blocks you know.
Right power strips.
Power strips and I can get electrocuted real easy in there.
Yeah.
And very easily.
What?
No that was the electrician sound effect.
I don't know.
I could.
Because these things are like it's not like having a couple of light switches around or something like that.
There's 80 million different power strips and plugs and cramp if you had no idea.
You have no idea.
Do you know what's under this counter here okay?
No I don't.
Maybe even a couple of dead bodies for all I know.
Maybe that's what a fat boy will disappear too.
I don't know.
At least don't smell bad.
After six and a half years.
I'd be delighted to do it if I thought I was going to be able to do it and get it done.
Get it done.
I heard Dan Morino saying get it on.
Get it on.
Did you really?
No.
No.
There's that idiot Rob the Marciano on CNN.
Jerk.
Total jerk.
Just give the weather.
Don't be given no editorial opinions okay about global warming or anything else you jackass.
Just give the weather.
The last thing anybody wants is editorial opinions from some jackball meteorologist on TV
who's an expert on all right wing all things right wing.
Probably another self-hating queen.
Maybe I'd introduce him to David Brock and Miss Fudge.
At least David Brock saw the light.
Right?
How's Miss Fudge to me?
That's one one side that I never go to anymore.
I never went to it ever.
I used to.
Long time ago and I stopped.
And now my life is so much better without Miss Fudge.
And you know who else I who else's website I don't go to anymore?
Speaking of Miss Fudge.
Her girlfriend.
Oh, Lynn.
Lynn Samuel's.
I know.
I said I won't get out of Lynn Samuel's.com.
No, but it was something that was like a whole bunch of other people sharing it.
Oh.
I don't know.
I never went to.
Bob Herbert in the New York Times this morning says the pastor cast a shadow.
The Reverend Jeremiah right went to Washington on Monday.
Not to praise Barack Obama, but to bury him.
Smiling, cracking corny jokes, mugging it up for the big time news media.
This Reverend is never going away.
He's found himself a national platform and he's loving it.
It's a toofer.
Feeding this by Senator Obama.
Mr. Beckett's revenge on his former follower while bathing a spotlight
better than any he could have ever imagined.
He's living a narcissist's dream.
At the long last, his 15 minutes have arrived.
So there he was like to be an audience of the National Press Club.
About everything from the Black Slave experience to the differences in sensing
from possession of crack and powdered cocaine.
All but swooning over the wonderfulness of himself.
The Reverend acts like he's the first person to come up with the idea that Blacks
too often get the short end of the stick in America.
Nothing, the ligament influences of slavery and the long dark matter racial discrimination
are still being felt today.
Then in many ways, this is a profoundly inequitable society.
This is hardly new ground.
The question that cries out for an answer from Mr. Wright is why,
if he is so passionately committed,
deliberating and empowering Blacks,
does he seem so in-system wrecking the campaign of the only African-American
ever who had a legitimate shot of the presidency?
On Sunday night and in appearance before the Detroit NAACP, Mr. Wright mocked the
regional dialects of John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson.
I'm not sure how he felt he was helpful in his supposed quest to bring about a
constructive discussion about race and reconciliation in the U.S.
What he is succeeding in doing is diminishing the stature of Senator Obama,
a candidate who stands handlessly vies as former spiritual guide
Rome is the country dropping one divisive bomb after another is in very little danger being
seen by most voters as the next JFKRLBJ.
The thing to keep in mind about Reverend Wright is that he is a smart fellow.
He's been a very savvy operator politically and otherwise for decades.
He's built a thriving, politically connected congregation on the south side of Chicago
that sounds some very good work over the years, powerful people to turn to him for guidance and advice.
So if the Kate Sermons and the Roof K. Denon, Mr. Reverend Wright's reputation,
Senator Obama had no choice but to distance himself and he did his gently as he felt he could.
My guess is that Mr. Wright felt he'd been thrown under a bus, but an ungrateful
comrade who had benefited mightily from his association with the Church and who should
have rallied to his former pastor's defense. What we're witnessing now is Reverend Wright's,
I'll show you, tour. For Senator Obama, the reemergence of Reverend Wright has been
devastating. The Center has been trying desperately to bolster his standing with
skeptical, even hostile, white working class voters. When the storyline of the campaign shifts
almost entirely to the race in your face, addicts, of someone like Mr. Wright, Mr. Obama's chances
can only suffer. Beyond that, they've turned helplessness of the Obama campaign in the face of
the right onslaught contributes to the growing perception of the candidate as weak as someone
who's unwilling or unable to fight aggressively on his own behalf. Hillary Clinton is taunting Mr.
Obama about his unwillingness to participate in another debate. Reverend Wright is roaming the
country with a press corps in tow, so happily promoting the one issue Mr. Obama tried to avoid, race.
Mr. Obama seems more and more like someone buffeted by events rather than in charge of them.
Very little has changed in the super-delegate count, but a number of those delegates have
expressed concern in private over Mr. Obama's inability to do better among white class working
voters and Catholics. Reverend Wright is absolutely the wrong medicine for those concerns.
The economy is drowning, they got us behind us growing.
I could do some driving butider for which to go to the border,
After time of death, the stage was set
For the Leo concept grab all the grisket
They trickled it up to the one percent
It does fall and left us for death
Could this be a recession?
The deadline's boiling news
There's people going hungry
You won't see that on the news
It's like the 1930s
On another quits of bread
We're just the rich of berries
And a fortune by gas
The corporate newspapers take it with them
The ones that I use for the sheets are my thing
You take the dog, take the defendant and the patrol
They have dust blind and then we try to dust poll
We're in the heat of crashing
But they don't want you to know
For the world which is country
Just a pressure to blow
Yeah, just a pressure to blow
It blows like choice
Just a pressure to blow
It blows, it's cover to at 5.60 WDQA
And happy Tuesday to you
I feel like almost back to normal now
Alright, that's what
Don't I?
Well, I don't know
I don't know what you look like
How do you know?
You don't know what normal is for you
Logi, who's thought
That's a fat, tired, old
You know, I feel better than that
Maybe it's the fact that I had all these three winning days
That would buy in a row like that
I don't want people to think that the slots are the way to make some money
Okay
Well, I mean, you can get lucky once in a while
Because I'm sure that somebody's old cockers out
Oh, he talks about he wins every day at the slot that the gambling may
Like that, you know
No, I do not
Because like I always said, here comes the money
Yep
And here goes your money
221 votes on the pool
And guess who's in first place
Look, what do you want to say?
I'm right
You know, we have the Osborne's and we have the...
What are the other ones?
Or the Kardashians?
Yeah
The cops may like have their own sitcom
What have you done?
180 return on in your life
I used to like the Clintons now I hate them 53
They'd gone from nowhere if not even beyond here
To being the leaders and pulling away leaders of the pack
Used to be religious not anymore or 40
Voted for Bush, now I hate them at 22
Used to be Republican, now Democrat
19
Used to be obsessed with sports watching, now I could cure less
16
Used to support the war, now I oppose it 16
Used to hate Neil, now like him 11
Used to be liberal, now conservative 8
Used to be conservative, now liberal 8
A wash
Used to like Neil, now I hate him 8
HATE HIM
Used to be gay, now straightened out 8
Oh yeah
When did that they got straightened out?
Now they're one of those seminars and everything
I know they got straightened out too
I've heard those stories
Used to be an atheist but found God 6
Used to be a Democrat, now Republican only 3
Thank God
Once hated Bush, now like him 2
2 crazy people
Used to oppose war, now support it 1
Out of 223
The cledons have moved to the top of the pack
In the used to like, oh I'm not doing bad my soul I got 8
By a lizard
Really, must have been a big lizard
After a 2006 election in which it helped get the most
Biciously anti gay politician serving in the US Senate voodoo from Orphus
The Human Rights Campaign
Uh oh
Hotels.com, get out of here, go away from my face
The Human Rights Campaign is right wing fear based assaults on equal rights for gay's lesbians
They're no longer as relevant as they were even a decade ago
The gay rights group by Monday endorsed 14 senators at candidates for Senate and it says we'll continue advancing these years ago
In 2006 the HRC and at 700,000 members were involved in 200 House and Senate races
Of which it's candidates 194% of the time, so the organization's president Joe Salomonese
Hoping to duplicate that success rate HRC announced the National Mobilizing Effort this year for the elections
Headquartered a new website
HRC.org slash year to win
Anti gay messages do not have the political potency they once had Salomonese said
Senators and candidates endorsed by the HRC this year are Max Bockers of Montana Joe Biden and Delaware Susan Collins of Maine
Dick Durbin of Illinois Al Franken of Minnesota Tom Harkin of Iowa John Kerry Mary Landel of Louisiana
Frank Glottonberg of Jersey Carl Love and Amishik and Mood of Silly Bifokels
Jack Rita Hurrahland Jean Shaheen of New Hampshire Mark Udala Colorado and Tommy Udala New Mexico
HRC has not announced its endorsement in House races
The HRC effort also includes camp equity sessions in more than a dozen cities that intervide campaign training for at least 1500 activists
Paul Pagalla who is on TV every four minutes along with James Carville and Papu Cannon
And what's that what's your name Rachel Maddow from skill America
Oh get her off of there already please all these people
And what's her name that the black activist it looks like Aunt Yamama
Sorry I'm talking about no don't yes you do don't watch those shows I'm right I don't
She's one of the big DNC she's in a deal see super delicate
You know I'm talking about no well it'll come to be a second
No Jay no not here
Oh Paul Pagalla who served as political advisor and Bill Clinton's White House when the controversial don't ask don't tell policy on
Gays the military was crafted said yesterday he believes that policy's done nothing to better the armed forces can be repealed by the next president
Pagalla was speaking to reporters on an HRC sponsored conference call he said don't ask don't tell which prevents gay service men and women from serving openly their own forces
Who from the need for political compromise as Clinton was entering the White House in 93
He was asked about proposals from this used Democratic presidential candidate Obam and Clinton to repeal the policy that requires gay soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines remain in the closet they want to keep their jobs
I think senator Obama's right he said I think with the right leadership he can get rid of that ban I don't think it's helped our armed forces
Times have changed in the 15 years he's certainly continuing don't ask don't tell us untenable
When the military is stretched to the sten as it isn't fighting wars in Afghanistan and Iraq the US can hardly afford to fire aerobic linguists because of their sexual orientation
Pagalla statements yesterday contrasted with the arguments he put forward in his 2006 book take it back which argued that Democrats should not make allowing Gays to serve in the military a primary issue
Pagalla and Solomon E.C. said right when tactics to divide voters with opposition to issues like don't ask don't tell and gay marriage are becoming less effective as time goes on and his younger voters make up a larger proportion of the electorate
Pagalla said self-described conservatives under the age of 30 are more in favor of gay whites than our self-described liberals over the age of 65
How do you like that? I'm going to read that last sentence again dude the Gallus said self-described conservatives under the age of 30 are more in favor of gay whites and our self-described liberals over the age of 65
They get an old coup like the ones who are all vote in Ohio Pennsylvania for swallowing
The former Clinton advisor also quitted the gay rights organization with helping Pennsylvania Senator Bob Casey to favor extent to him who was one of the most viciously anti-gay politicians in the Senate in the 2006 midterm election
We got a help run Casey's campaign at year times on our side he said the country is moving our direction
That's what he'd be saying Paul the Gallup
What the hell is her name? I don't know
Oh come on I don't know
She's on every day on CNN every single day I still wouldn't have seen her she sits on air with that compulsive gambling bill Bennett a hole at right wing piece of
Third don't watch it what do you mean you don't watch CNN?
What do you watch besides sex? That's it or what I'm having it you know I watch funny shows if I can and
When I was starting about when was coming on it was something night on five and whoever heard of somebody named
Contessa you know it's not that enough we got so many day and all these other stupid names of these bubblehead brawds on the news pale
Contessa I mean the very first contestant right well, obviously they named after that
Well, do you know anybody else named Contessa never seen one never met one and then is this this abroad on one of those two
I'm not sure I think it's in Fred Fred Rika and I hope they're all right. Oh,
What I said our are I wonder if she's a lesbian I
Don't know. I don't care. But her name is Fred Rika and all the other propulsive
Yeah, like they're all buddy buddy. Oh, there's that screamer again that Ellie felt it and what happens?
I'm double TV warden sure I think you're fine. I said I'm watching a scung double TV
Well shame on you
You're gonna be a little more intellectual and cool. So you're all thinking boo by asses
That's like that. Uh-huh spaking and and the body parts. That's right bloody parts bloody body parts
And when you have your meeting with Johnny Joe Demar tell me know all the right to people of the swing clubs
Okay, you know I do you do well no not there
But I can hook him up
Hook him up with what whatever you like you keep saying that every like whatever he's into I'm gonna get out
I don't front people one of the things he's into is cutting your salary in half. I know well
How are you gonna hook him up with that? Yeah, I'll hook him up to something
From it it's actually known as 560 WQM Georgia Gulf steam this Friday
10 to 2 go out there and they're in the hangout with him bring him a bucket bunch of money some drugs
Give him some my surprise job
What
Up
I saw a kid in my shaving grease, so I left it on my face.
When I went to work, I looked like a jerk, and I was fired in the street.
Driving home, I was all alone, thinking someone's playing tricks on me.
But if the rear-view mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me.
Jesus, I saw Jesus for the greatest thing of all of all.
So I hid on my path up to the stair and I see Jesus in my heart.
All my friends think of blood and the written heart.
All my friends think of blood and the written heart.
All my friends think of blood and the written heart.
I saw him on the side of the taco and the look that I caught.
I saw him in a bowl of sticky candy and the shine of his mother's car.
Jesus, I saw a kid in his bowl of sticky candy and the written heart.
Jesus, I saw Jesus for the greatest thing of all.
I saw him on the top of the stair and the seat of my car.
All my friends think of blood and the written heart.
I saw Jesus on the side of the taco and the seat of my car.
Jesus Christ, are you here again?
Oh my Jesus Christ.
I saw money on the top of the toast to the toast.
Profile or the full regaining of the robes and the sand and the work of the Lord.
Yes, that's why I knew where Jesus was.
And I looked at him and I said, you're fairy.
From 18 to 560 W. DeKuem we got the church show.
A two mad dog is four and then the D8 night and it's not to you.
And we ever find out who's doing the show?
John Linder.
John Linder, I should know him.
Is he King of Paul Linder?
No, not yet.
John Linder.
How about Paul Peter Lindhase and what was his early name?
What? Peter Paul and Mary? Peter Lynn Hayes and Mary Healy. Oh, really?
There's a TV back in the 50s. Wait before your time. How's that life? His name was Hayes and her name was Healy.
I don't understand that whole thing. I don't get it. Lots of professional thing. You know people with fake names like that.
Oh God! A lot of people out there with fake names.
So, a strictor. Oh, I thought we were going to take some calls.
Okay. Do it. Do it. How about you, Chris? You want to take a couple of calls? Sure. Why not? I didn't say a whole lot.
Now, it's going to take a while because the audience is not used to this since we don't have that router hooked up and I can't get it done.
And the engineer will come one of these days. Do they say anything about that? Any update on that? No.
No. I told them they said, you know, acknowledged.
Yeah, get them to come back out there and hook it up and then we can do a show, you know. Or not.
5670560.
Pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless line.
Then quite a few days since we took any calls. I guess before I had that crud, you know, which is mostly grown now.
Oh, let's not get that is. That's how much better? Looks better.
And during the next break, I'm going to go out and take two more teaspoons of that crappy taste next week.
Although it's much better tasting than that Bentley's coffee. Oh God.
Battery acid would be a compliment. I'll take your word for it.
I wonder what battery acid tastes like, but it's got to be better than Bentley's coffee and it's all still out of fix.
What? I'll stick with this.
Stickly a stucy-steezy-steezy-steezy-steezy-steezy.
I don't know, man. Bruns a little bit. That's a my college, I'm a phone.
2 a.m. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Hey, I got that name for you. Please. Donut of the beast Brazil.
Donut of Brazil, that is correct. That's all I got.
Then now, doesn't she look a little like Aunt Yamama?
She's the beastly looking, then.
Yeah, she really is nasty. And she's not very articulate either, but other than that.
Donut of Brazil, don't give me no thrill. Okay, have a great day, sir. That was a pretty good call. There you go.
There you go. Bow. Donut of the bull, my nose a little bit.
Start making a little bit of a comeback. QAM, hello.
Okay. QAM, hello.
That was him. That was him. That was him. That was him. That was a good one. Yes, sir.
Hello. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yep. How are you?
Dan, good.
All right, man. Congratulations on your D.O. I guess.
I guess, yeah.
Welcome back to Florida.
I'm not sure it's done, but anyway, I got nothing to say.
Just what does that mean? I bet.
You're pretty good, actually. Yeah, it was.
That's the way I'm. Hello.
Hello. Hello. How are you, sir?
I'm good. How are you? Good. Good. I'm a bolder pick with you.
Yeah. My name is a house cat. I'm strong cat's brother.
Oh, God. Yeah. House cat, storm cat, bull cat.
Uh-huh. Yeah. I'll hurry up on it.
Oh, why'd you do that?
Oh, he's been so entertaining. He definitely is not strong of cat's brother.
Whatever. I'll say I look like a racially mixed family or something like that.
He's an older, because of messages.
You better tell storm cat to lead Joe alone or Joe's show is going to be, you know,
just like the worst team.
So we ever find out where he was this morning or is it not supposed to ask that?
No idea. You can ask just that. You know, nobody told us.
Oh, who has no idea? Anybody?
None of us. No. We could go to work on that show.
I mean, not what I saw.
What's the guy's name? Um, Zach. Zach. Yeah, this morning.
I was like, so what's up? He goes, I don't know. He just told me yesterday that he's not be here today.
I was like, oh, okay. Don't you want to tell him yesterday?
Yesterday is another. He was planning to be sick or something like that.
I guess I'm going to be there in 90 years.
George, I won't be there in next couple of years.
Okay. See you. I don't understand.
I'm not that it's my business. I don't think I could grudge anybody else.
And especially with that really nifty summer schedule, my kind of very, very, very soon.
You all got scams.
Various. What? You all got scams.
Slacker scams. One or another.
Oh, you high-priced talent types.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, we got jerks coming up, but two. So don't worry about anything else.
Once we got jerks on here, believe you me, we better not worry about nothing else.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, so you know, I've been taking too many of these.
Just, you know, they're all good.
Just to what I'd be a little bit they are.
That would be QA and hello.
Back there, my daily kill them.
All right.
Want to try that one?
No, no, no, no, no.
See, you don't know how to get the most out of these colors, okay?
Oh, trust me.
There you go.
Let's see if I could put real less of that.
Let me do QA and hello.
Hey, yeah, how are you brother?
Okay, sir.
Hey, listen, I was listening to you.
A couple shows back.
You were mentioning you were coming down to Miami for a week.
Yep.
Anyway, to suck up to a KJ picture of and get a picture with you.
Sure, Mark, may 17th at Gelschrein Park 3 to 5.
Fantastic. Thank you, brother.
Okay.
All right, bye.
Cross your $1,000 with a picture though.
We'll have a tip chart.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Like one of those big giant brandy snifters like the paper players have.
Yeah, I've been started practicing for next year.
What I'm going to be doing my spare time after January 1.
Spare some change, mister.
Yeah, be good.
Is it going, eh?
Play the piano.
Be it a lounge wizard?
Mm-hmm.
No, I'll try the piano.
I'm just with a tin cup.
Hello.
This is big.
Why are you making fun of me?
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
We have a, but somebody said it in the other day and we talked about it and the soup was great
and the steak was, uh, uh, not too great.
How do you, how do the Clintons do on the pole?
First, oh, they're pulling away.
We're in the homestretch and the Clintons, they've got an almost insurmountable lead on our pole.
The biggest name, the best talent.
You're 15th in the politics.
Fort, maybe a 5.
60 qu am.
The fourth leader.
Pack it on.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
I said, my campaign on you, but I'm losing my race.
Can't explain what has gone wrong.
Broken I play.
I thought you were not special.
You little name is the same.
I wanna be a president.
This is my destiny over all the surprises I put up with all the bills for writing.
This can't be right.
You can be not unless we're feeling I even wish I could kid.
I wanna be a president.
The last time I freaked out, I just kept talking loud.
I kept getting a couple when I fixed your up around the mall.
Feels like it's the best dream.
They all put it on me.
My heart is jumping, pedal she's just paying Hillary.
I can't win.
No way I will be a bit more president-ly.
A red oh, oh, oh, yy.
A president-ly.
Oh, oh, yy.
A president-ly.
It's pretty funny.
I think more of that flame is coming up.
Not that the audience needs it.
They just claim her.
Why?
Because they need every keeping track of the guy that has a long, you know it.
Oh, maybe I have a lot come out of my lungs. I don't know. Let me know
Look at that they're pulling away by 22 points. They're clinton on our pole
And how you doing on your total there is the new pole we got a thousand on the first one
This is a Charlie B pull by the way 283 that's not too impressive
We're going for 400
Okay
What are your thoughts about that? I think we should get Mr. Pool man. We can definitely do it all year one point four minute
We can do that
You really need to get so detailed with all the stats. I mean, I'm bad
I'm gonna get all the air I get a little bit up there. So we're gonna use them oh
Now you're stuck in the air excess is that video no why not he doesn't pay me
See he doesn't want to do the stories. It's a time-consuming thing
I'm sure I'm sure that even bugs him that he's got to do this pull thing a little bit. You know, they're probably times he's busy
Maybe once and while his wife even takes like a second look at him. I doubt it, but you know it's possible
He's got two kids so he must have she must have taken a second about now and I don't know
Okay, you know what happens once the kids pop up so hold it from ballgame. Well, you know that
Yep
John McCain's white supremacist problem by cliff shactor in the smoking chimp
One would have to strain to be shocked that a racist ed is fighting its way out of the balls of conservatism in North Carolina
For political observers from the 80s and 90s
They'll remember that Senator Jesse Hums was a master of using divisive tactics to inject race and it just about everything
He did outside of brushing his teeth whenever he wasn't straining through the holes in the sheet
He was wearing to see his deffice and do this embrace in toothbrush
He had racism for electoral gain obviously did not go away with Hums retirement from politics
And neither is Republican humidity in doing anything to control the extreme elements in the party or their base if he will
So once again just as other conservatives said idly buying claim Jesse was just being Jesse now John McCain throws his hands up
In the airs if there's nothing he can do when a racist is as is run by the North Carolina GOP
And when a racist ad is run by the North Carolina GOP against Barack Obama
The typo here on smoking chimp shim on you
ABC news is Brett Havill and Russell Goldman reports Senator McCain said last Thursday
It's elected president and becomes the defect of head of the GOP who would not to made a change in leadership of the North Carolina
Republican Party despite condemning his plan to wear ads attacking Senator Obama and his controversial minister
It's good to know where the senator stands on this issue issue at least today in my book to real McCain
My conservatives don't trust him or my independent students. I recount McCain's questionable past on issues of racist entire career
From the many years he rejected a Martin Luther King Jr. holiday pretty much the entire 70s and 80s to a serial flip-flops on the Confederate flag in
2000 which he admits he did for political reasons no way not you Johnny who was close association with the white supremacist named Richard Quinn
Who found himself hired as a political advisor by McCain in 2000 and still is from what I can tell after openly praising David Duke
Selling t-shirts praising the assassination of Abraham Lincoln and writing an editing from magazine that reminded us that slave masters
Just really weren't all that bad
That's the real McCain for you now
I'll be waiting for the media to do their job and report on his close association with a white supremacist
Just as they have every aspect of Barack Obama's life and I'll be most assuredly holding my breath since close shactor
Hold it and hell now hold it
Yeah, we'll send you telegram. We'll send you a letter in a bottle. I should know when to let it out and your breath too
Rudy Giuliani should not have received holy communion during the povus visit because the former presidential candidate supports abortion rights
The York Cardinal Edward Egan said yesterday the Cardinal I
Wonder if the Cardinal's gonna left over altar boys from Cardinal Spellman at
the rectumry
These days to bring him in limos anyway. That was nice. Mm-hmm. I
Wonder if Norma can't ever wrote a lot. They let a Jew in her. Do you?
I don't know it depends. We're along in limo while they're out. I'll pick it up runaways
Egan says he had an understanding with Giuliani that he's not to receive the Eucharist a Catholic Church
He just abortion is a grave offense against the will of God. He can say
Donna brazil. I got it. I got him. I remember that name. I keep I have a blood block with her name
She just bugs me
And she doesn't really say anything
The Cardinal said yesterday that Giuliani broke that understanding when he received the Eucharist during Pope Benedict the
16th visit earlier this month Jesus it seems like the Pope just got here and
Now he's gone and you know what they say once he's gone
That's right. He's gone now a hubbun and drear
He received communion during the April 19th service Giuliani did for more than many clergymen who offered the sacrament
Not directly from the Pope though the Pope didn't seek anything in Giuliani's mouth that we know of
Egan says of he's seeking a meeting with Giuliani who insists that he abide by our understanding. Oh, yeah, we have an understanding
Remember the bishop. Yeah
Giuliani spokeswoman some day a Sunday Mendel said Monday that he's going to meet with the Cardinal
But added that his faith is deeply personal and should remain confidential
Confidential by the who did that sunny night on dot records. Wow. Well, if you've got that it'll be one of the great miracles of all time
confidential
I bet you're taking that. I can remember that you got it. It's on the dot
You know who else was on dot no, put bad boon. Oh Billy Vaughan
tab hunter
Several people couldn't say I'll believe on was instrumentals
Sail away so read moon or whatever that was say along silly moon remember that
I don't read on it so many are I Christine conflict program
Scary
As you church
I know this bump
Has a road he often way to play
Is it
And that's the music that they're playing them there
Are you a crazy person or what well, yeah, I'm a crazy person, but I'm pretty sure that this is the music in the
country
Play through
Listen
If I chances are by Johnny Manler's the African Queen what's that thing to do with let it into a story nice through
It's not your that's music. Yeah, the end
What's about we have a bit that's got that acknowledges it's all we must listen to my what
Hello, somebody learn how fan if you come here often
My name is been here before no first time
What's your name freeway freeway that's not
Once they get to meet you pick it's been here
You're here to get some clean
What I don't know
You work around here. I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor. Yeah, yeah, I know what's it's happened
You probably need to rely on how to say but you know with everything
It's a new thing all it's to hate you can start relaxing right now freeway. I
Brought something
And freeway just any she either
Wow
But here's the most important part freeway from the
Pro-text label
Protect huh? I don't
By the city
You know the pro-text Logan don't you I sure do
Certified faith by the city by the Bay
Well, what do you say?
Darn look at that. I dropped the soap again
Bet your life he will and with confidence because freeway and spick it have
Don't let worries boil those chance meetings in public showers. Always carry
Pro-text
PR
DC
S&B
TVB been down with no
Don't doubt know what it's all about the pro-text sheet so they won't send you a
Protect condoms division of black black house and garden past the golden vision keeping situation things since 1887
Okay, so wasn't it of course chicken next night in the chat room. We have a bit that's the soundtrack to it really and we are we
Not even but still it was good to hear the game. Oh, yeah, it was good to hear it again
I'll find out
That's the way for those people always thought they was boring and old and funny that I could have fallen over when you told me that was a
Nymus bit. Oh, yeah, he didn't always talk into his chest and chew gum or
He's to be funny
Long time ago about a hundred years ago. He told me Howard. It's gonna be funny to what you know Howard
Stern you told me he used to be how 42 at 560 WQM attention mail golfers how many times this happened you arrived at the course
He hit the restroom one last time before you tee off and you run 18 holes with your best buddies
After drinking sport aids water bearing whatever you run the third hole no restroom inside
No trees and bushes around and you just got to go what are you gonna do?
Introducing the Euro Club they discrete sanitary way for your urgent relief. That's right
Created by a board certified yourologist it looks like an ordinary golf club that contains a reservoir built into the grip to relieve yourself
The sticker on in there, baby
The Euro Club comes with a special towel to keep your privacy and appears to everybody you're just checking out your
Club
Sanitary lake proof easy to clean no more embarrassing moments in the bush only 49.95 for limited time order now
Get a second Euro Club for half price call a Euro Club now toll free 1 866 999 4 you are oh
That's 866 999 48 76 the Euro Club the only club in your bag guaranteed to keep you out of the woods
There's a brand new game all the kids are learning to play now
In every big city all across the US and they now
It's called you just lost some hardware and blow the other fellow away now
If all got guns guns guns out there on the streets today
Don't come out there on the streets today
Don't lose the key product that you're showing down
I'm not so in that
Billy Brothers 1, you're a pretty expensive person
I'm not so in that special person
They can care as a future angel in them out before the battle
Now, now before the event that guns guns guns
Out there on the streets today don't come out there on the streets
The
Unworship rules you can make like green
The first you got your block
Still can carry away
So what a Johnny can't breathe he can still join the game
It got guns guns guns gun take it all
Blow each other away
You have got guns guns guns guns up there on the streets today
You have got guns guns guns up there on the streets today
I think we need a lot of equity here
If we're going to have college students running around to open guns
Why not high school kids?
Sure, why not
And then makes sense to me how about elementary school kids
Army garden kids
Pre-scores
Don't just begin with all the guns then then college punks
Jeff Cohen writes that's not the Jeff Cohen ponytail
We want to write some common dreams not orgs
You know Jeff Cohen?
No, I don't need other ones
He's the founding director of the Park Center for Independent Media in Ethics or College
And his latest book is Cable News Confidential by Mr. Ventures and the Crobert Media
I read a lot of his stuff
He's good
Military propaganda pushed me off TV he writes
In the fall of 2002, week after week I argued vigorously against evading a racket debates televised on MSNBC
I used every possible argument that might sway mainstream voters
No real threat, cost, instability
But as the war neared my debates were terminated
In my 2006 book Cable News Confidential I explained why I lost my airtime
There was no room for me at an after MSNBC launch count down a rack
A 81 hour show that seemed working on glamorizing a potential war
Then scrutinizing or debating it
Count down a rack featured retired crunals and generals
Some sometimes resembling boys with war toys
As they used props, maps, and glitzy graphics to spin invasion scenarios
They reminded me of pumped up X football players doing pregame analysis and diagramming plays
It was excruciating to be silenced on an MSNBC
Watching so many non debates in which myth and misinformation were served up unchallenged
It was better not to be silenced much worse to see that these X generals
Many working for military corporations were never in debates, neuracetile question by an anchor
I wasn't allowed on MSNBC unless balanced by at least one truck-ulent bywinger
Except for the brazeness in the scope of the Pentagon spin program
I wasn't shocked by the recent New York Times report exposing how the Pentagon
Junketed and cost-of-retired military brass into being message-forced multipliers
And surrogates for Donald Rumsfeld's lethal propaganda
The biggest villain here is now Rumsfeld or the Pentagon, it's the TV networks
In the land of the First Amendment was their choice to shut down debate and journalism
No government agency forced MSNBC to repeatedly feature the hockey generals on a post
Or fire-filled Donahue or Smirno-Weapons expert, Smirno-Weapons expert, Scavridder
Or Blacklist former Attorney General Ramsey Clark
It was top NBC MSNBC execs not the feds who imposed a quota system on the Donahue staff
Required two pro-war guests that we booked one war advocate affirmative action for Hawks
A malphoric and racial investigation in the Pentagon's direct propaganda operation
Which included an active duty general exhorting ex-military-turned-paid pundits
That the strategic target remains our population
But I'm also for keeping the focus and on us on CNN, FoxNBC, ABC, CBS, Edith NPR
Who are partners in the Pentagon's mission of information dominance
And for us to see that American TV News remains so correct today
That it's hardly mentioned the time story of the Pentagon pundits
Which was based on 8,000 pages in journal Pentagon documents acquired by a successful times lawsuit
It's important to remember that at the same time corporate TV outlets voluntarily abandoned journalist
A gethits in the run up to the Iraq war independent media boomed in audience by making totally different journalistic choices
Programs like democracy now feed you genuine experts on Iraq who want a shock got the facts right
Independent blogs and websites propelled by warscap fuses and began to soar
As for the major TV networks they were not hoodwinked by a Pentagon propaganda scheme
They were willingly complicit and have been for decades
As fairs director began questioning top news executive years ago about their overreliance on nine debate segments featuring former military grass
After the 91 go for CNN and other networks realize that their use of ex-generals had helped the Pentagon dazzle and disinformed the public about the conduct of the war
CNN actually had me debate the issue of ex-military on TV with a retired US Army colonel military analyst aren't used to debates and this one got heated
Me, you would never be recovery the environment by bringing on expert after expert after expert would all retire from environmental organizations after 20 or 30 years and were still loyal to those groups
You would never discuss the workplace or workers by bringing in an expert after expert after expert will be in labor movement and retighting good standing after 30 years
When it comes to war and foreign policy you bring on all retired generals, retired secateurs of state
The colonel irritably, what do you want a tax auditor come in and talk about military strategy? Me, you hit on the nail colonel which you need
Beside the generals and the animals who can talk about how missiles and bombs are dispatched you need other experts
In experts in human rights you need medical experts you need relief experts who know what it's like to talk about bombs falling on people
Before the debate ended I expressed my doubts that corporate media would ever quit the addiction to unreliable military sources
There is this ritual, say from a paper routine, where mainstream journalists after the last war interventions say, boy we got manipulated we were taken
But next time we're going to be more skeptical and then the next time comes it's the same report is interviewing the same experts who buy the same distortions from the Pentagon
A few years later during the brutal US NATO bombing of Serbia any goodman of democracy now interviewed CNN Vice President anchor Frank Sezno
Goodman if you support the practice of putting his military men generals on the payroll to share their opinion during a time of war
Would you also support pulling peace activists on the putting peace activists on the payroll to give different opinion times of war to be sitting there with the military generals talking about why they feel the war is not appropriate?
Sezno we bring the generals in because of their expertise in a particular area we call them aimless we don't bring them in as advocates
It's clear war experts are neutral analysts peace experts are advocates even when the Pentagon helps select and pet them network's military analysts
Shortly after the Iraq invasion CNN's news chief Eason Jordan acknowledged on air that he'd run the names of potential analysts by the Pentagon
We got a big thumbs up on all of them that was important he said
Of all the excegiating moments for me after having been terminated by MSNBC along with Phil Donny and others
The worst was watching retired General Barry McCaffrey NBC's top military analyst repeatedly blustering for war on Iraq
Undisclosed viewers the general was a member along with Lieberman became crystal and pearl of the pro invasion committee for the Liberation of Iraq
A leading figure in the Pentagon's punitive court no one spewed more nonsense than such an authoritative voice than McCaffrey for example on the top notch events planning for securing Iraq
I just got an update briefing from Secretary Rumsfeld and his team and what's the aftermath of the fighting and I was astonished at the complexity and dedication with which they've gone about thinking through this
After the invasion began McCaffrey quote on MSNBC thank God for the Abrams tank in the Bradley fighting vehicle
No federal agency fourth MSNBC and NBC to put McCaffrey on the air on a post no federal agency prevented those numbers from telling viewers that the general set on the boards of civil military contractors including one that made millions for doing God's work on the Abrams in the Bradley
Genuine separation of persons state is one reason that growing numbers of Americans are choosing independent media over corporate media and independent media doesn't run embarrassing promos of the kind NBC was proudly wearing in 2003
Showdown Iraq and only NBC news has the experts
General Norman Schwartzkov allied commander during the Gulf War, General Barry McCaffrey he was the most decorated four star general in the army
General Wayne Downing former special operations commander in White House advisor and bastard Richard Butler and former UN weapons inspector David Kay
Nobody is seen Iraq like they have the experts the best information from America's most watched news organization NBC news
They should only croak and social all the others
Yep
News media in my ass to ask him more on baby they gotta get no news from these bastards
Ray rovers is more like it then there's always your buddy Lou Dobbs screaming about the Mexican
Bapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
Papapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapapap
I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'll fight to the death of my nomination.
I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to
I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation but I'm not trying to
cause a lot of children, I'm not trying to cause and give up
I'm not sure I just thought I would make sure what I what never has it again the
You see WPN. See what is it?
CNW is that like a NW right root view? Well, I must be what's on this the menu on the show is the team burgers
We do have an a w here. Can you believe it? I believe it in the Eden Center and one of the food courts?
Because there it's hard to find a w anymore and you know something there their stuff is pretty damn good is to be yeah
There's a mama burger and the pop of burger and the team burger and the clean burger man at
Because a lot of action here, and I know you're not big on fries, but they had really good fries. I know each fries
I know I said that I don't touch him there once in a while I go over to a Mickey D's
Mm-hmm, and I get lunch and bring it back from me in the Paco
Right since I'm the oldest delivery boy in town right and you know and he always has to have a big order of fries
And so if they're in the bag, I like you know lunch on a couple of both your kids feel fries those are the ones see what if you're going to eat
Surprise those the ones to eat yes. Yeah, they're the best
What about onion rings that would have them?
No, I don't mean I know they don't have them, but I'm talking about all the onions are good
But you know like you'd have to go to a real place to get real onion rings
Yeah, I'm gonna have french fries nobody makes them better than the McDonald's like wrong. Oh, well, I don't like him
More action or oh, is this not what he's pre-stories my god these are all from the same person to obsessed obsessed
But he can come in now somebody's better
It's it's they're all from the same person. I don't understand. I'll see it
More action urged against former North Richland Hills priest where the hell is over? Oh, it must be in the Dallas or
Fort Worth because it's from the Star Telegram
See if I would read the first sentence I would notice from four words, but it would be too easy. I wouldn't have anything to bitch about
Saying that the camp are we gonna get our 400 votes or what Chris? I don't think so. Yeah, we are we are 1.4
We got 56 minutes. We got 324 votes. We need 76 votes in 56 minutes the pressure is on his audience now, baby
Oh put the pedal to the metal
Let's go see if we get trapped right here, huh? So let's go people get your ass and gear
Saying that the Catholic diocese of Orworth is a little the stop of use of priests
Victor Maddick gets one to diocese offices yesterday to ask Bishop Kevin van to visit perishes
Where an HIV positive priest served and to urge victims to seek help
Pope ended up the 16 in his recent visit to the US urged bishops priests and porcelainers to heal wounds caused by clergy sex abuse
Said David Cahassee national director of SNAP survivors never heard those news by priests
The diocese is not to believe everything possible about the Reverend Philip
Magaldi a former associate pastor in North Richland Hills
He said the Reverend Michael Olson fought with bigger general said Monday that he's already visited the churches where Magaldi served in
Addition diocese officials in February notified the media about the priest Olsen told Cohecy and there are and three other SNAP members
The diocese is issued in order to English and Spanish in Wichita diocese paper and on its website Olsen said
SNAP asked that the diocese officials move Magaldi was been accused of abusing minor boys in a way secure treatment for sorely
Alcatraz would be good
SNAP officials also want to buy an item of I see newspaper asking victims or witnesses of abuse by the guilty to contact them
Olsen didn't commit to accepting the idea yesterday
Van is asked the Vatican to formally reject Magaldi's rights and status as a priest I see officials said
Magaldi is in poor health and undisclosed nursing home and the diocese doesn't have the authority or constitutional like to move him Olsen said poor baby
He's in poor health and a nursing home. I'm waiting. Maybe the Lord is smoten him
The diocese said it's contacted the North Richman Hills police affirmative allegations of abuse against Magaldi
We're supporting the police any legal action against the Olsen said I think what the Pope said validates what we're doing. Oh, yeah
Magaldi was associated past to retain John the Apostle Catholic Church in North Richman Hills
1992-99 in the early 90s he served at St. Mary Catholic Church in Henrietta and a bunch of other places
He was removed from the active priesthood night nine by Bishop Joseph Delaney after allegations of sexual misconduct were made against him in
Forward and in Rhode Island where he previously served was convicted of an bezel met. Oh, well, yeah a bunch of stuff going on. At least he spread it around
Yet a bunch of crap going on
How's going Papa
Papa
Remember that senior
Frado
Poor Frado again again again again cuz you're a Puts Frado. It was yeah, but he liked you was probably a gun from wood
He dropped it like it was a hot potato
Papa
What have you done a hundred and eight degree turnouts pretty good pull for Charlie B
Now the bunch he sent you today. I actually printed them all out. I might use them all right
What did you think of them? Oh, there was one that was just I didn't look at him
I just selected all and send them right along. Oh, no
What do you just send them because if he looked at him I think what about the sandwich filling? Well, that's right
Was what's your favorite breakfast for I schmocked can't that one?
Okay, your favorite breakfast food
What's your favorite insect?
What's your favorite kind of dust?
The extra fine. What's your favorite bowel movement? I mean
He comes up with it
Well, it's that mind, you know that rotted mind
326 on the pool Chris is never gonna make a were near for under like you're into it
We'll get there. What have you done a hundred and eight degree turn on?
Used to like the Clint's now I hate him 86 move down to a nice 35. Oh, it means
Used to be religious not no more
51
voted from Bush now hate him 31 used to be obsessed with sports watching now. I couldn't care less 30
Used to be Republican now Democrat 26
Used to support war now pose at 22
Used to be liberal now conservative
16 16 whatever hell of it
Used to hate Neil not like him 12 used to be conservative now liberal 11 used to be gay now straightened out 11
Oh, yeah, when about straight nothing out
Used to like Neil now hate him nine
hate
Used to be Democrat now Republican seven used to be atheist but found God only seven
Once hated Bush now like him six and used to a pose were now supported to two crazy people
out of 330
Three votes need 67 man in 51 minutes
I don't want to give you a canary or anything but I just don't see you doing it
Hey, he's the size of the song why you rubbing it in what do we buy that we're gonna do it?
Is we can is he we can like a child like a woman? No, no, yeah
So I guess Chris what do you think of passions on channel 101? I've never seen it. Don't care to see it
That fact they used to move you food right before the show that right. Oh, it was special was that was the
mannequin or the doll or whatever that thing was
The midget doll it's like something. Yeah, some weird thing. Oh, it's got a lot of weird things on it
The witchcraft and stuff like a Timmy used to be on that show remember Timmy mm-hmm
I thought he was going to be here. He made George members little Timmy no that Timmy. Oh, he was in movies to he's that little Timmy
Was it really yeah, and they died that's right for real not just on the show, but he died for real
That's right poor little Timmy had problems and what's in the witch couldn't bring her back?
I don't want to get back into that passions because they they changed all the characters the storyline kept getting more and more
Ridiculous and who now could watch it plus anybody I know who look or they took him off the show. Yeah, oh
I don't want any soap opera anymore. I gave up on guiding light months ago after all those years
All of those years man
1958 to a 2050 years and I said bye-bye no more no thanks
Whatever happened to fill up by the way Philips Paulie. Let's get a search party out there and see we can find Philip
Okay, we know it's still alive. He's out there somewhere, but they could make a deal I guess
I watch so little network TV. It's a scary
I do watch over them and know when I get a chance and I miss them
You see and the interesting thing about is after they blew down a hue out and then this you have come and go
How is it that old rooming guy down there? He must have had the naked pictures of I miss an ability go there you go
Something you know right must have I mean talk about a bush bashing
Phenomenal just tell it like it is guy. I just can't get over the fact that he's really on the air
And we tell somebody finds out about it. I don't even be running a show like 50 different times every night
Yeah, that's good
10 to 11 wanted to in the morning's over and over and over
I have to check it out if you never caught a show count down with Keith over. I had but it's just by accident whenever I do
And why is that I don't know cuz you know, I'm just flipping around
Well, maybe I'll just sit down and watch it some night. Well, you know mountain evening a lot of time
I know you're out and above we don't need to hear about it again. In fact, I wouldn't
You know I'm talking about shenanigans. You know, of course we got shenanigans. That's all you do is shenanigans
No, no, no, no, I'm a good family man. We're so white and kids
Don't even have been in father. What are you talking?
You feel in such blank
There it goes. Oh my god. Here comes all Ashlyn not all right during the break
I better go out there and take another couple teaspoons. There you go. Have that month. Mm-hmm
They're expect me. I mean, I'm doing a lot better. I sound much better. Oh, yeah, you know that
But it's just not coming up then. I want all that big thick green you can see I want it out
You know what's in there career is you normally are why huh?
Maybe I need a long here suction. There you go. I'm my lungs. You stick it all the way down your heart
Come on come on
New studies show that couples in which the wife is better looking better husband are more positive and supportive
Now you can have the same fulfilling relationship. Hi, I'm Dr. Neoclarc Warren founder of e-holi.com
I wasn't happy dating male models. Then I went to e-holi.com and met Kenny. We're so mate
I
Oh, I love my little hunchback at e-holi.com
We match women to men based on 29 levels of
Distigration so you're sure to find that this morphing a monkey Lloyd of your dreams the minute I laid my lazy eye on
Priya I knew it was true
Life I helped his good hand and we took a romantic moonlight a limp on the beach and she didn't think when I asked to clean the sand
Out of my fold
So if you've had enough of men with chiseled good looks washboard abs and a full head of hair
Blog all to e-holi.com and find the freak that's right for you
Okay, one 18 at 560 WQM happy Tuesday from all your pizons here the ones were left a
couple of dead people
Okay
Riches to rags funny man any winner Jack Hanrahann dies who's that never
Jack Hanrahann once a big time Hollywood script writer was found in March 2007
Destitute and living in a Cleveland home with a shoulder died yesterday nursing home on Cleveland's West Side
He was 75 and suffered from heart problems other illnesses
Hanrahann one and any for Rowan and Martin's laughing was a cartoonist and actor grew up in Cleveland
He wrote for some of the most popular TV shows in the 60s and 70s including Get Smart Police woman the Waltons and the Sunnian cheer comedy hour
In December 2006 Hanrahann arrived in Cleveland from California by bus
Penaless and the shovel his tango here hanging with shoulders
All he had with a close on his back a bag of tobacco and rolling papers even as false teeth were missing and his Emmy was in Hawk
Yeah
He tried to connect with relatives, but his state of mind and needs were too much saddled and if you said so Hanrahann lived on the streets
Let me ask you something I'm a little bit confused that I did the spot in a wrong break or what yeah you did oh
But we did it though right yeah, I got done so it's all good
Raised in a big Irish Catholic family on the West Side Hanrahann attended a seminar before
Seminary before working as a cartoonist from American greetings in the early 60s while working freelance in New York
He met Phil Han a writer for Hamart cards
Hanrahann and Han would soon become a Hollywood's most successful writing duos and
66 looking to hit the big time the pair of pal that Han's 65 Mustang and Rubey LA arriving on Mayday
Hanrahann and only ten bucks in his pocket within three weeks. They were writing cartoon scripture Hannah Barbera
Soon they were writing for Get Smart and November 67. They're working on a new upcoming show called Lackin
The duos stood up after writing for the Andy Williams showing the early 70s. I can understand that
One of the reasons Hanrahann didn't take your business was due to his addictions to booze and drugs for years
He lived in Tinseltown's fast lanes partying a heart with the stars and Malibu mansions and running with the drug crowd George
Mm-hmm. The lifestyle eventually took its toll Hanrahann and Wilty Eureka California became an eccentric bum a strange from his first wife Rosemary
Donovan also from Cleveland and their six children
After Kendrick Cleveland and the dead of winter he lived on the streets and in shelters for about three months looking for handouts
And going to the lady mass. He called it the magic show at the Saint John Cathedral downtown
The bags he packed before coming to Cleveland were founded in California Airport. He couldn't come up a destination remember why he ended up on a bus
In March 2007 Hanrahann called a reporter at the plane dealer saying if you want a rich-in-storage story pal. I've got a good one for you
How do you like that rich-in-storage baby? Oh well, that's what's gonna happen to me next year
Oh, I'm already wearing a rag. Maybe I'd come for that appearance like in a blue-wifes sack. There you go
All right, just wear a cardboard box around your eyes. That would be good. Loins
350 nine on Chris's pull 38 minutes for 41 votes. Oh, that's within the grass now. Told them
And the cleanser move way ahead to a big lead people that we used to like and now
Like that
Yes, well-stied. I don't know somebody else you never heard of where to make stored
Who's US surge in general from 1985 to 1989?
The federal anti-smoking crusade called for warning labels on cigarette advertising and using the interaction of Medicare to
De-State. We get hospitals throughout the country
9 April 22 of kidney failure at Oxford Medical Center in New Orleans. He was 86
86 that's sold enough I reckon I can be 21 more years
How do you see tomorrow means I need a 15-year contract extension? Okay
Still was a career public health. Well, I'm never gonna be able to retire
Apparently not
It'll be all harboring work until you croak
He's dead
Is we missed it career public health service officer became a surgeon general your actors predecessor
Luther Terry released a landmark report that doing explicitly between smoking and lung cancer method diseases like
Infosima and stuff like that
Slure it was a pediatrician and epidemiologist and more than speak out against smoking like newsurgeon generals before
Orstance it became a medical activist he called for an end of racial discrimination in health care and advocated expanded medical services for the poor in a
67-speed she criticized the type of the world of medicine and glass curtain which often did not help care of those who needed it the most
I'm on side of the curtains to glean the antiseptic world of medical excellence
It's wonders are totally visible to those outside but admission is by ticket only and the line of the box office stretches out of sight
After Lyndon Johnson signed Medicare Medicaid in law in 1965
Stewart used the programs to compel Southern hospitals to desegregate
At first some hospitals adapted roosters to give the appearance that they were offering integrated services
But by time Medicare funding to the Civil Rights Act of 64 which prohibited racial discrimination in any federally assisted program
Stewart threatened to withhold money until the hospital's ban discrimination and emissions and treatment
These days
You said don't smoke those faggots baby. They're gonna kill you don't smoke them and we're our morrow
Hamilton burger
Right then we're handling burger now. What's that that we've got? It's very very bad taste. Oh here it is
Munchastic and Pazema
Smegma
Zibberia
Sariasis
They can all be attributed to the harmful effects of smoking cigarettes
Hello, I'm William Talbot perhaps you'll remember they has Hamilton burger
Raymond Burz adversary on peridation and now I'm dead
So take it from me get the habit and you won't wind up like I did
Don't smoke and you'll never die
Never
This message straightforward by the director that I smoke you can eat for him
Oh, it's just hey
Yeah, well, 70 for William Talbot, and Helen burger vendid a long time. I think everybody on that show is dead, aren't they?
Oh, what's happened to my bar bra, Hale? What I haven't taken inventory in a while the judge in sure is dead remember the judge oh yeah and
We were talking about it last week. What was your guys name?
Perry Perry Mason's buddy. Oh
I forgot the detective right
Oh my god, are you kidding me or see how I was I am we just got you all me about it. Look all drunk. What's not in real?
All drink okay, I'm gonna tell you it's a pretty sad commentary that an old total like me remember something like that and you like
I shouldn't have even heard of Perry Mason we talking about
Barber Hale. Yeah, he was a what's his name William?
Catch mother. Delta Street right. Delta Street Paul Greg was William Hopper. William Hopper. I told you last week. We had a head of Hopper
Now isn't Dennis Hopper had a hopper son or was it to that hopper? I don't know
How about grasshopper? That's it. That was that is Hopper son and
Who is the judge?
Come on
Chris. What's his name? Um, I don't know. I mean I the one that lists is Ray Collins is Lieutenant
Arthur. That's him over at the time. That's right Ray Collins. That's why we're thinking of
Who cares about the damn judge in my right? Yeah, let's see one judge in 32 episodes was S John Loner
Another one was Kenneth McDonald
Rayabell no no, okay
Willis I remember Lieutenant Chang Boogie
Who say B.O.U.C.A.T.Y
Boogie sure
Coochie Coochie here comes Boogie Morris and Crum. Okay, that's enough. We don't really have something as so obscure as it is now unless you're old
Told like me. Even George is a member of Perry Mason. One for George John Gallaudet. Who John Gallaudet
Who's that guy? No, he was a play to judge also
We don't care. Okay. We don't care. Thank you so much
265 you're gonna make your 400
Later I am effusions head coach and I love the queen of South Florida Neil Rajaz should be in Britain and Palace, but we'll keep them here
Absolutely
You've been playing to get that version rating since I
Well, I don't I show you what a big ass and I was to your hand hop
You know you can find somebody good enough to throw my bigy pants
It ain't easy
There ain't no chance I love to be coming back
Outside of things I'd bring a lucrative big counteract
If you want to know what will save you from shutting that transmitter to the boundary
Why that's easy
I shoot
I mean the server
Oh
The way is never worth and we did
But you need just now
Now we did it again
But you need just now
We're going to keep it for you
But you need just a show
Don't blow
But for now we're going to win
No problem, you won't be sad
By the way, something
Check, hold it and give me this
It's going to be...
Where are you going to go?
Fire me?
Like a guy
And a man
Wow, I'm a whore
This is Raymond Burr
In this short announcement
That can't tell you much
We've been getting the latest information about research
By writing to an age
That says the Maryland
2-0-0-0-1-4
Wow, I've heard a theme song, you know?
Yes it was
For the next time we do that favorite
The TV theme song
We haven't done that in a long time
It's about one or five minutes
Right?
We haven't done that in a long time
Months and months
Have we ever done that since you've been on a show Chris?
Yes
The TV theme we have?
Yeah
When?
Oh, last year at some point
Last year
Well, who cares about last year?
This is this year
Oh, I always remember
And this is now, you know?
And of course the fact that Raymond Burr was
Yeah
Well, it's just more than some people
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh!
Missional names could handle
I don't wanna mention personalities now
Right?
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh!
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh!
Or anyway
You never saw that show?
Chris?
He's a Raymond Burr
No, not Raymond Burr, you never saw Perry Mason?
Yeah, like, briefly, in passing
I'm sure you ever saw Iron-Size
Likewise, briefly passing
I never paid any attention to it. You know, I saw the open. That's the only thing I can say that I remember from it
You open them what? Are in size? Yeah, the show open
Just like Barnaby Jones, you know, oh
I
I
Open it safe with the thing
The watch is to San Samuel's
Angel Barnaby Jones
Goods this man pop shows the type of shows y'all y'all y'all
Well, that's where you hit them off. You're all the same if you saw one you saw them all and they all saw not true at all
Oh, in other words, Barnaby Jones and Cannon were the same whatever they caught their man
Somebody did something in the cotton and Cannon was a fat old show would start somebody would do some crime
I would catch them. Yeah, and
374 you 26 votes and 25 minutes we can do it the challenge is there lay down the godly baby lay down the challenge to your audience
I wish we had our audience back you and me George. I don't
I miss those days. Yeah
Back oh used to be on a radio
You might mention at tomorrow, well jolly Joe
Okay
If they want to take that aboard a kiss crap, you know
Uh-huh put a real station on FM wouldn't that be something?
Wow
What keep dreaming?
I'm not dreaming. I'm just thinking out loud. That's all a
New analysis, but I just took a two teaspoons of that what you call it
Surry call cough syrup or whatever
Expect our concert with some what you call it expect the way expectorant. That's right
So now I'm sitting here expecting the expectorant expecting a bunch of big gobs, you know, well, we want details
But there's nothing happening yet. Oh, what it does, you know, oh, not so much better
Remember yesterday. Mm-hmm yesterday was thick man like pea soup
That's what I want like Linda Blair man. I want to be blowing a big dark green chunks like Linda Blair
Covering all the walls with it
A new analysis by University of Georgia. I associate professor very Hollander finds it between
1998 and 2006 Americans became increasingly polarized in their news gathering habits
After 70 five national puest center for the people in the press during that time
Honder concluded that the public now lives in a huge echo chamber of attitudes and ideas
The Atlanta General Constitution's political insider reports in 1998
27% of Republicans and 25% Democrats tuned in regularly to a light-of-base CNN eight years later the number of Democrats
It risen to 29%
But the number of Republicans into an inch shrunk 19% or do you think they went?
Over the same period Fox News share Republican viewers jumped from 14 to 36%
How under also on set conservative dramatically dropped new sources that they've perceived has been biased against their position
Evidently this included C-SPAN which also side dramatic dropping conservative viewers
These findings are similar to a Norman Lewis Center's I've been a national poll from November of 2007
Which found that 22% of conservatives say they never enjoy entertainment that reflects values other than their own as just to a post 7% liberals
Fox News was also the most politically divisive TV channel with 70% of conservatives and just 3% of liberals watching it daily
But too much Fox News may be bad news for conservatives in April 2007
She research study found that the viewers of the conservative Fox News channel had the lowest knowledge of national and international affairs
I can't imagine why can you know G
But I've actually they know plenty plenty of proper gander. Yeah
Top and points and the lowest knowledge of what's going on in the world that's because they watch Fox News Fox fake news
Hmm
What have you done a hundred need to return around in your life
280 votes. So you got 22 minutes for 20 votes. They're swore
I'm quite now on the camping trail. She's talking now about high gas prices
Of course all of us the economy issue number one. Let's just have like women martesily
On top of global competition
All you're facing some pretty challenging times
It's harder for companies to hire new employees into a Ford healthcare cost and it's he sure is dynamic in she man
She sure does it for me. He's sitting on fire. Oh, yeah
I want to get up in the middle of the room and start spinning around like a human cradle like a top
What have you done a hundred to be turned on? I used to like the Clint's now. I hate them 103
Used to be religious not anymore 56
Boy, I tell you they pulled away the Clintons. You can't touch him with a stick
A lot of people would like to
Used to be obsessed with sports watching now couldn't care less 43
Used to voted for Bush now. I hate him 38. Used to be Republican now Democrat 28
Used to support the war now posted 25. Used to be liberal now conservative 17. What?
Used to be conservative now liberal 12 huh
Used to hate Neil now like him 12. Used to be gay now straight now 11
Straightened it out
Used to be Democrat now Republican 10 used to like me and now hate him
nine hey
Hate the old fag bastard
Used to be the atheist but found God seven once hated Bush now like him seven. Oh, now that's just gotta be a joke
Isn't it? I'm sure it is you know, there's always the joyers. Just to piss me off
Used to oppose war now supported too out of 383 only 17 away. Can you smell it?
I think it might be the best
408 fight
Wonderful
w pepper
PDF
At the airport
Checking the wires on all of the planes
My temper's about to slow
But safety's first since the FAA
Thanks guys, I sure am glad you care
I really like this flight
Today, but I don't wanna fall out of the air
Oh, grounded jet liner
That's the cancel 5 to 6
Oh, grounded jet liner
Cause I won't be taking off today
Oh, grounded jet liner
Not going very far
Oh, grounded jet liner
Let's get drunk at the airport's bar
What a bargain man, oil's down $150.47 of barrel
Let's go out and collect some money in the bar
All right, or a hundred barrel
I'll just jump into it and then when we do that appearance I'll come all covered in oil
That's right
With the 97 on the pool, during this segment, we're going over 400
And Chris is gonna get up and dance naked on the counter
No, George is gonna barf Pukas guts out?
No, no what?
Not gonna dance
Good, thank God
You know, you're gonna give up and give yourself like a high five?
No, that's okay
How about a low five?
Maybe
I'm pretty impressed I gotta be honest with that thought 400 was way beyond our capacity today on a Tuesday
Well, they came through
I mean, Tuesday is kind of like a...
You know, it's either a fish and a foul
It's like, trief
George will tell you about trief
And you get excited about that meeting tomorrow or what?
I don't know if excited was right there
For you, I would tomorrow morning be serious
For you, I would be good before you go to that lunch with Joe
I do that every morning
No, well, more so than usual, if I could take a high colonic
Yeah
How about a low one?
398
400 will be really great
Don't wait
And George will be out of costume this Friday again from 10 to 2
Now, you got some regular suit come like every time you go or
Are there different people that come by?
Yeah, no, they're both, both of those things
Regular's regular's and irregular's
Mmm-hmm
Sure, be eyes of a whole bunch of new and fact what they can do is they can come out and congratulate you on your new deal
Right
Or say sorry with you on your lack of a new deal
That's right
Maybe in Northern 399
Maybe normal will come by
Uh-huh, sure
Yeah
Right, that's what I have to you all
Uh-huh
That's right
You don't want normal is the assistance?
Uh-huh, it's all the same
He hates you
That's fine
No, I don't think so
Oh, it wasn't bad
When I said he hates you, he just don't want to be bothered with you
It's a roller, that's the thing
It's a roller, that's the thing
That's exactly
The small potatoes, you know, what are you going to give him?
What are you going to give me?
I maybe got him some good weed
Let's see, if you would just use your mind a little bit if you had one left
Listen, what he can do for me is negligible
Maybe we can find you some good weed
What he has done for me has been negligible
Yeah
So, no, thanks but no thanks
I was only doing what you told me
You said he said thanks but no thanks
Right, well, there you go
So I guess it's mutual now, huh?
Sure
I don't need him, he doesn't need me
I'll be damned
Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and the government of President George W. Bush
were to blame for the West Financial Crisis, no Belowary to Economist Joseph Stiglitz
has said the magazine interview
This man, Greenspan, has unfortunately made a lot of mistakes
that form a World Bank Chief Economist Stiglitz
According to a preview of the interview to be published in
Something magazine
Oh, don't tell me this is chopped off of the other ad too
Oh, my God
That's how we get you
Now, I think this is okay
He was, he was for his first romance to support all the tax cuts which were introduced under Bush
They didn't stimulate the economy very much
This task was then transferred more toward monetary policy
but then Greenspan created a flood of credits for low interest rates Stiglitz is quoted as saying
Earlier in April Greenspan said that if he would see NBC
that the U.S. economy had the gambling channel
the U.S. economy was in recession
and defended its chairmanship of the U.S. Central Bank against charges that this policy missteps had laid the groundwork for the crisis
He said the decision during his charge had been rationally constructed based on evidence at the time
Stiglitz had Bush's government was also to blame
I reproached them that the economy was not as resilient as it could have been to the ongoing tax cuts
and the huge cost incurred by the Warner Racken was quoted as saying
He said it was a method Europe could decouple itself from the U.S.A
Especially the weak dollar will continue to hit the European economy hard because it will make it much harder to export
He'd be saying
How do you like that, Alan Greenspan?
And George W. W. W.
Oh, there's the phone. I better go get it
Okay, go ahead
I promote this play going on in the Friday
For the death and the hearing put on by Gallaudet University
I'm about a phone number over here for tickets 95403701145
That's 95403701145
Bauer County Million Library Friday
Bring your children, bring your children whether they can hear or not
You have an address on that?
Bauer County Main Library may not have toyed in 100 South Andrews Avenue
7 o'clock to 8 o'clock
Allison W. W. W.
Land performed by Quest Arts for everyone
They're going to be speaking it, they're going to be signing it, it's going to be cool
Cool, I'll be there
Oh my God!
What happened?
It's my face paper
Oh, again?
Yeah, for the second time
I don't know what the other thing was the, maybe the other thing was the Bokapackage
Might be
Yeah, I would think so
Because this concierge we got down here now is not the regular guy and this guy is very confused
Very confused
And the guy that I just spoke to was some very illiterate guy from, oh there's a shocker
And the, yeah
And this way the delivery place with my fax paper
And extremely illiterate
And I said, leave it down there to Frambezko, okay?
Oh, I'll be there, I'll be there, I'll be there, I'll be there
For all three, I just go on there Chris
I know what I want
I know you could do it
Thank you
Thank you, thank you
Nobody else cares but that's where it goes
It's a little murky, it's mostly it's partly sunny
It's going to be 50 degrees today, it's not too bad, not too good
When you consider the first of me it's only two days away
But that's alright, it's not snowing, it's not blowing
Only my nose is blowing
Yeah, what do you blow it?
Chucks?
No, I wish
I really do, I wish I get all that thick crap, you know out of my system because you know that's the stuff
See, it's still in there a little bit
Much better, for all six, look at that, I wouldn't be surprised to go for 600
What are you saying?
No
How about 800?
Tomorrow sir
No, it's a mountain right now
No
Take it alcohol, go on to your head
Oh, is there a boost net expectorant?
I would
I'd be, the formula 44 as it, that's what I like it
I don't have formula 40, alright, 20 net before, I know this is your knockoff
Yeah, Rexall
Yeah, there might be alcohol in there
Which is probably made by, you know
You want me to get the bottle and look and see if there's any boost in it?
That's alright
It'll kill about 20 seconds, really
Alright, go ahead
I would have been something if I would have gone down there and thought that that package was there from, oh my god
From what?
It's just true, I got the FedEx package from ChickenEck and I got my case of facts paper man
Right, it's the way important day in my life
The way you would have been disappointed
That's what I tell you, however a lot about my life when it's an important day when the facts paper shows up
That should give you a real good idea, although I am getting in with my Okabi with my lesbianies cab driver and going to Woodbuy
Getting in where?
The cab, oh, okay
At 215, let it sound like something else
Getting in what?
Chubblet?
Yeah, okay, something like that, yeah
I'm on a roll, man, in spite of what Chris there, Mr. Negatory says, I'm on a roll
Saturday, Sunday, and yesterday, I want more than he makes in a year, probably, 50 bucks
Close, yes
Now I don't know how I'm going to sleep all the night and I have to worry about George's big meeting him out with Jolly Joe
To take a dream, you want to take a close along for it with you for a moral support?
Get me a bit of it
I'm not a sport leader, I'm a 50 QAM
I'm a sports leader
It's day high, if I have a town
Oh, at 56, oh, WQA
Thank God, they turned the AC in my building on on Friday, there is a gun, thank you
Hold John Paul is gone, I just read
He'd been hanging on by a thread when they found him
Instead, they, all the Catholics said they all said, bye Paul
They said, bye Paul
They said, why did you have to go and die Paul?
You know who was really up, now he's still the cop that you hear his last dance
Now it's time to have, now it's time to have
Now it's time to have, now it's time to have, no less, at last
Later of the church was his role, but old age had taken his toll
Heaven is now his soul's gold, put that hole in a hole as we say, bye Paul
We'll say, bye Paul, I say, I feel so bad I'm gonna cry
Paul, when you reach the pearly gates, bears Saint Peter waits, here's your final in wars
Paul, I'll pontiff now, he's still the cop, I'm dying of a illog
In nominee, Patriot, he'll be expected to die, I don't feel so good
Bye bye bye
The biggest names of death, hell and hell, hell and hell
And you're the Miami Goals and football
4th radio, 560 WQA
Miami, for the latter days
