Drill Rosenhaus, 2F, Loma, Ghost, Guest and Colors.
And it's not a big deal.
Just need to be like Kirk Jerk Street.
2F, Advertiser, Stey.
Biggest name of this country.
And he's being the 4th radio 516W.
You may be playing history, I mean, I like this.
I don't know what?
Hey, Chris Hill.
How about that Duke Jerk Street?
560M, QAM, presents the little Roger Show.
Detrocked a Neil, dial 56050560 in date and row.
Let's hide, Sarah.
Let's get it.
We'll be right in front of the high 785.
Make the nobody get an ordinary house.
560M, 180T.
And he'll rise twice as long as the main one of the Indians.
It's gross by Neil.
He's guests or his collars.
Do not represent those of WQAM, management, staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560WQAM.
It's the size that's young, no matter who you're not.
I'm Ian Mionny.
He's the novelty star.
Wait, wait.
It's your birthday.
WQAM is for me.
Governor Palin.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Yes, I'm working on it right now.
Okay, bye-bye.
Who is this?
What are you wearing right now?
Who are you?
And how did you get my eye-am address?
I have connections, LOL.
What color are your panties?
Not over your last business.
You pervert.
I have a pipeline.
Down south, you need to inspect LMAO.
Ah!
Go away!
I have hacked your cell phone number two, calling you now.
What?
Mara Puma.
Oh, my.
Hello?
Hey, you hot little hockey mob.
Your number one on my political poll if you know what I made.
Oh, that was it?
Wow.
Well, I was just looking at some emails here including one old clay aching comes out of the closet.
Oh, God.
It's just, you know.
I realize people can't listen every day every minute, but why not?
You know?
Becky, we had that there was the first thing I talked about yesterday.
Oh, my.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Anyhow, here's a really good email.
Did they have Drew Rosenstein crant's house on again?
Boy, everybody hates him.
And Alex Marvez?
Oh, this station.
You know something?
I'm going to hire a guy who's going to come and take it.
I don't want to do any violence to clearance.
Well, I really would like to.
But just kidnap him for a year and watch those numbers go zooming back up.
We could have Gilbert be the PD for a year.
Who better than we're tonight.
I'm serious.
Well, Gilbert's a big fan of this kind of show.
So you're right.
At least Gilbert knows something about the show.
Well, let's see, before I get to Larry, Larry Good-Jewishboy, his email,
here's one from Mia, because they're still showing them.
Let the bailout fit.
McCain, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
See now, I'm telling you the good news is that the Republicans have,
they've stolen that guaranteed lose page from the Democratic playbook.
I mean, they are committing political suicide.
That was up 160 points, by the way, for those who care.
Here comes the money and there goes your money.
Mia, recent college graduate says, hi, I'm very disturbed.
Oh, no.
Recent college graduate, it says I'm very distributed, not disturbed.
She meant disturbed, but it says I'm very distributed.
The former president Clinton, the proclaimed Democratic Obama supporter
who reports his Clinton and Global Initiative is bipartisan forum
for discussing improving global issues around the world with law and McCain
to give a partisan Republican speech, which he just got through giving, by the way.
Clinton should have made it very clear and read the speech ahead of time
to ensure his speech focused on the spirit of his organization
and wasn't a speech to promote the Republican agenda.
The question, this question's Clinton's true support for Barack Obama and the Democrats.
Why in the hell would he allow such a thing?
Would Clinton rather compromise the most important presidential election
in the past 50 years over his own personal endeavors?
Uh-huh.
The icing on the cake is Clinton provided courtesy videotape
to the media of McCain's partisan rhetoric.
What the hell was he thinking?
Please heal my wounds, I'm hurt by this warm and kindest regards, Mia.
Recent college graduate who says she's distributed, that has happened.
Not disturbed, she's distributed in capital letters.
So, Rita, I'm very distributed.
Retestribute her.
Quit being sarcastic, okay? She's serial.
Oh.
Now Larry says the economy is going to hell.
People are talking about another depression.
We have a so-called war hero, Wacadu, flinching in the face of something he can't handle.
Even canceling an appearance last minute on the Letterman show
is if those ten minutes would have had an impact on what's happening in Congress.
Letterman, by the way, ripped him an ass, it was great.
Good.
For like ten minutes, and had Overnment on there instead.
He was the replacement gags on choice.
And then coming to find out that McCain lied.
I mean, this is what I'm talking about.
This blatant, bald-faced lies.
Oh, he's got a hurry back to Washington to work on the bailout scheme.
And the fact of the matter is he wasn't in Washington at all.
He was still in New York over doing an interview with Katie Kirk.
Lire.
Lire and liar.
Which is the biggest liar?
Sarah or, of course, Sarah don't like because she don't speak.
They won't let her speak now.
They've got her encased in a glass bubble.
They're a Sarah with Henry Kissinger.
And they're a Sarah doing Kuchi Kuchi with the Hamid Karzai.
Oh, I say Kuchi? I'm sorry.
Anyway, even canceling an appearance at the last minute on the Letterman show.
Canceling debates.
We have a witch-fearing moose.
Oh, did you see the preacher?
Oh, yeah.
Whoa.
Been there done that.
Wow.
Been there done that.
Oh, sure.
That kind of preacher.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What a voice on that kind of.
A witch-fearing moose eating nut job is possible VP or gas present.
We have an ongoing war that's sucking up much needed money from our trouble economy.
Yeah, we could use that trillion dollars, I guess.
We have Galveston destroyed.
And nobody paying attention showing, again, the ineptitude of the Bush East handle anything that doesn't involve putting more money in the country.
We have rich people's pockets.
We have babies dying in China from bad milk.
We have a mother buying her son a salt rifle so we can more effectively threaten fellow students' lives.
We have offshore oil drilling improvement in Congress.
We have a father sending his son to school with a t-shirt saying that Obama's a friend of terrorists.
But that's okay. I can handle it because all is right in the world.
Why?
And here comes the best part of this email.
Okay.
Why?
Because both the dolphins and the hurricanes won this past weekend.
Aren't we blessed?
At a boy, Larry.
A bad.
Excellent email.
And your close personal friend, Flea, who's just psychotic.
Not only is he look weird, he just is weird, you know.
I sure hope he's in that meeting right now going to bat for us on these screwed up rejoins.
You know that there are people, there are little children in South Florida running around asking,
what those rejoins, what those rejoins.
Little children who understand the formatics of this business better than our so-called program director
underlining the so-called being the operative words.
So-called Schmidthead, idiot, Simpleton.
I guarantee you that we got spies in that building.
We've got people on the payroll across the street.
We've got to have.
Because what they're doing to us in this radio station is criminal.
There are people on death row for far lesser crimes than what they're doing at WQIM.
End this show in particular, but not just singularly.
You got me?
I got you.
So Flea says, and Flea is just whipped up.
He emailed me this to the anneal at neorodges.com.
Also to my own Yahoo email.
He just all over the place that Flea.
You know what you do with a Flea?
That's it.
Governor Charlie Christ passed this into law yesterday and I quote,
first of all, the governor doesn't pass anything of the law, but he pushed it.
He pushed it.
If your driver's license address does not match the address on your VOTE's registration card,
you will not be permitted to vote.
And here's the best part of this from Flea.
Please forward this to everyone in Florida to check today both addresses on their driver's license and voter registration to make sure they match.
And then it's got a link to change your address online.
Please forward this to everyone in Florida.
Well, I'll see you guys, because I'm going to be busy for days.
In fact, even by election day, I might not be able to give this to everybody in Florida.
Please forward this to everyone in Florida to check both addresses on your driver's license and voter registration card.
If they don't match, you ain't going to vote.
It's got a link.
I'm from Flea, from your friend Flea.
I thought he was a coherent guy.
Yeah.
I think he's becoming a crazy person.
That could be.
And he doesn't have to get all bent out of shape because the Republicans are doing everything but forfeiting right now.
This all this crap about, oh, we got a cancel or a postpone to debate.
Well, there's such a short window that is like what, five and a half weeks before the election now.
Such a short window for the three debates.
That the obvious tactic here is what they've been doing all along and that is to shut her up and not give her the opportunity to open up her mouth and show the show her ass to the world.
Which a lot of you guys probably want to see that and I guarantee it's at this point, probably a wrinkly nasty ass, but nevertheless.
That that's the whole game plan.
Oh, we got to get rid of that vice presidential debate because the idea that she's going to be up there.
And even though they're not going to be able to interact with each other in that debate, which the Democrats should never have agreed with that.
Even though they're not going to be able to do that, she is going to lay an egg the size of mercury.
The size of Mars, the size of Uranus.
I can't wait for that debate. I'm going to be I would pay to watch that.
That's how enthusiastic I'm about this.
Oh, no, we can't we got a cancel that we got because we got that crisis.
Oh boy.
I mean one thing to lie.
It's another thing to do it so blatantly and so poorly.
So this is the worst run campaign in history.
Even Michael do Kaka with a picture of him in the tank with a helmet on.
Even that was better than what they're doing.
So maybe Bubba's trying to help old Johnny boy out.
You think maybe because I'm very distributed by it.
Now here's a story.
You're a bastard.
What? Although it is funny.
Well, she points out that she's a college graduate at the end of the email.
We didn't think your college graduate would know how to write the most.
No, no, not if that college is UM.
Oh God forbid. I said college.
Not football school, not suntan you.
You can't spell scum without UM.
Anyway, here's a short but sweet who sent me this.
Trying to think who sent this to me.
Oh Josh Cordis sent this to me.
I'm sitting at Woodbine which I had another marginal winning day.
Not humongous books but enough to make it worth going.
And I get a text message from Josh Cordis.
Oh, here's a really cute story I found.
Maybe you want me to put this on the site.
Second around for that grand okay which I still haven't mailed out yet by the way I'm thinking about.
What do you think, Chris?
Should I send the money or not?
Uh, two for that really little care.
Good. I like that. That's an excellent answer.
What do you think George?
Yeah, well whatever.
See whatever which means F you Josh.
South Charleston West Virginia as if getting a DUI wasn't enough.
A man arrested for driving under the influence gotten a lot more trouble at the police station.
It's got a picture of this guy looks like a marginal guy.
I mean, marginal human.
Police stopped Jose Cruz on Route 60 in South Charleston Monday night for driving with his headlights off.
Then he failed sobriety test and was arrested.
When police were trying to get fingerprints police say Cruz moved closer to the officer and passed gas on him.
The investigating officer remarked in the criminal complaint that the odor was very strong.
Cruz is now charged with battery on a police officer as well as DUI and obstruction.
How do you like that?
If you fart on a cup it's a battery.
Really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Maybe he hooked up a battery to his ass to like you know kind of ratchet that thing up a little bit.
What do you think?
Maybe.
Glenn Beck rhymes with direct promoting that thing.
What a disgrace.
Don't we have enough Nazis on the year already for crying out loud?
No.
Jesus got all mighty.
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM.
It's a Thursday.
We got the big O2 rock solid.
And then no mad dog today.
I have no idea why a 4 to 650 is guilty.
This week, my stir first pitch would just the aggregate they're done.
Marlon's are over.
It's a just a few more games will get that crap over with.
First pitch 650 to 710 minutes of spots.
7 to 9.
Oh, two hours of hurricane hotline.
That should be a good ratings booster.
Dolphins tonight high school grid.
I'm report 9 to 10 total tune out followed from 10 a midnight by the D.A. show.
I had enough to make anybody cry enough to make a grown man cry and get shy.
Niels Hatt price deals are the head of the town today's Thursday.
We got one going at noon starting at noon today.
You can buy $50 certificates for just 25 bucks to the outstanding and brand new
Paisens restaurant and bar in Coral Springs formerly Onyx.
Paisens is now doing their grand opening and to rave reviews.
They offer great dining value with sensational food.
Paisens features only Harris Ranch organic beef.
Try their eight ounce filet tender and scrumptious or their 14 ounce rib.
I'm aeronated in garlic black peppercorn and oil.
They're specialty is the prime rib big al cut.
A full 16 ounce cut slow roasted for six hours and perfect air every time.
Seafood lovers feast on their fabulous fresh catch items like
Cedar Plank smoked salmon or sea bass Wellington.
The all new Paisens restaurant and bar are formerly Onyx and 31 11 North University
drives us to block south of sample in Coral Springs for reservations at 9.5.4.510.7400.
And thanks to me you'll be able to buy 50 dollars certificates and have prices 25 bucks starting at noon today on WQAM.com.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It is in your projects.
Forty of five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express great information of WQAM
be the broadcast group incorporated.
Howard David's a bitch.
Today on TMZ workers filed out of Lehman Brothers with a history of their careers in their arms.
The investment bank filed for bankruptcy.
Sarah Palin banking firms are going bankrupt.
How's is are going into foreclosure.
If you were in the White House, what would you do to get the economy back on its feet?
Do things better.
Okay, that's good.
Could you be more specific?
We must do whatever it takes.
More specific?
We have got to have all options out there on the table.
And what are those options?
Whatever it takes.
What?
There have been mistakes made.
Right.
There have been blunders along the way.
And what would you do differently?
We must do whatever.
Oh please.
Okay, I'll ask you a really simple question.
Is Russia close to Alaska?
Yes.
You can actually see Russia here in Alaska.
From her porch, no doubt.
Wait till you hear this.
Sarah Palin lover revealed.
Oh boy.
The deck of the house of cards has just come crumbling down.
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Just like that.
And that debate tomorrow night, man, that's going to be a blood bath.
Can you even begin to imagine it?
No.
I just can't wait for that.
But I especially, I say, okay, go ahead and cancel that one and move up the vice president's old debate tomorrow.
That's my suggestion.
Would you just send to me something or would you say?
Oh, no, it's an ad facts.
I hate those.
Sarah Palin lover revealed somebody, Demzzy.
Just to send me this.
Hockey mom lover.
Hockey mom.
Hockey ma'am says, M-A-M.
I wonder if she's very distributed by this.
In a world exclusive, the National Inquirer names, GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin secret lover.
No less than three members of the man's family, including one by sworn affidavit, have claimed that Sarah Palin engaged in an extramarital affair with husband Todd's former business partner, Brad Hansen.
I wonder if he was one of the Hansen brothers.
Then one of them died.
Yeah, I believe so.
Wow.
What are we going to do now?
Nothing.
These sources have named Hansen as Palin's secret lover and say they refer nearly wrecked both their marriages.
Hansen owned a snowmobile dealership with Palin's husband Todd, who immediately dissolved the partnership after he heard stories about the affair which occurred in 1996,
according to sources at the time, Palin was mayor of Wasilla.
Palin is vehemently denied cheating on her husband and Hansen insisted on the National Inquirer that he was never romantically involved with the 44 year old VP candidate.
However, Hansen family insider Jim Burdett has gone on the record and passed a rigorous polygraph test revealing details of the affair of the National Inquirer in a World Exclusive interview details.
He probably even drew some pictures of who had what and who stuck what where and how many times they put it in there.
And out and in and out.
Burdett is a former brother-in-law of Hansen's estranged wife, Carolyn's brother Craig Batten, and still speaks with many family members.
I've known about Brad having had an affair for a long time. It wasn't just he'll recently. I learned his affair was with Sarah Palin, Burdett told the Inquirer.
Sarah was elected mayor of Wasilla. Brad became a city council member nearby town of Palmer and they started an affair. They were screwin and doin' and chewing and bluin'.
Todd found out about the affair with so many broke up the partnership at the snowmobile dealership, Burdett says.
Another source who preferred to reign anonymous for a fair of repercussions provided the Inquirer with a sworn affidavit attesting to the Palin Hansen story.
Todd was away on business a lot and Sarah felt lonely. Oh poor hockey mom.
Brad was a good listener and Sarah talked to him at length. Eventually she realized she was falling in love with him and she probably dropped her panties.
When Todd got back from one of his trips, Sarah told him she'd begun to have feelings for Brad.
For the full story and exclusive details of the shocking allegations of Sarah Palin's affair pick up the latest issue of the National Inquirer, which you can be damn sure I will do today.
Oh isn't this gonna be great? It's all just blown up in their face. I just love it. I love it.
The cards. I just win. I just can't find my diamonds. I guess they are.
But McCain does support tax breaks for one source of energy. Oil companies. McCain would give four billion and new tax breaks to big oil. If you have different priorities, there's an alternative to John McCain.
I'm Barack Obama and I put this message.
How do I block you go, mate? Maybe.
I almost said you go boy, but if I say.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, we're rich.
Male probation officer in Florida rested in miniskirt and wig and fishnet stockings.
But there's a lot of good crap today.
Tons. I got lots of crap. George had lots of crap. He couldn't even leave the house this morning.
Right. Almost made it out of the house. Multiple joys.
A male probation officer in Northwest Florida wearing a blonde wig, black miniskirt, fishnet stockings and no shoes has been charged with driving under the influence and drug position.
Bay County Sheriff's official say 44 year old writer, Laramor of Mariana was charged with the UI possession of less than 20 grams of marijuana possession of methamphetamine and possession of drug paraphernalia.
Tuesday, he's the son of public defender, Herman Laramor.
Laramor is being represented by the public defender's office. His attorney, Doug White says it's still too early in the judicial process.
It's unclear if Herman Laramor's office would defend his son.
And two Florida middle school students charged with felonies for satanizing a teammate with the McDonald's apple pie box.
Wow. What's in the box? I still feel so bad that you can't get that, um, anus burger.
Oh, well, would bacon and cheddar maybe someday it'll give you something to look forward to.
Hey, that's right. All you people in Florida, man, there's something to look forward to someday at Mickey D's.
The big juicy, delicious, anus burger with bacon and cheddar or without.
We got to get to that poor result. Oh, and we got way over a thousand votes on there. Aren't you excited about that? Chris, you bet.
I'm super excited.
Two Sebastian River Middle School eighth graders have been charged with lured and liviest molestation for attempted sexual battery on a child in connection with an incident on a school bus while the school soccer team returned home from a game.
Rodolfo Rodriguez, 14 and Jose Zamora, 15. No relation to George Rodriguez or Ronnie Zamora.
Both of Felsmeer, boy, they're saying, vasemeer and Felsmeer were arrested at their home September 17.
Scripts, treasure, coast newspapers while customarily not naming juveniles accused of crimes.
Does name some juveniles, depending on the seriousness of the crime, their age, aggravating circumstances and other factors.
The two eighth graders attempted to insert an apple pie box in a sixth grade teammates rectum.
Reckum, while others tried taking photos with cellular phones according to an incident report released Tuesday.
No, that the box have a pie in it or was it not? Well, we'll get to it.
This is important. No, maybe it's like Tom Thumb. He pulled out his thumb and six greater troll deputies, Rod Rodriguez and Zamora first tried to put a box in another sixth graders bottom over his clothing, but did not insert it.
It's kind of hard when they got their clothes on.
The two students then turned another sixth grader around the back seat and pulled his pants and boxers down.
One student held the sixth graders face against the winner of the bus while the box was placed in his rectum.
Recorded the report. Reckum. The reports said the sixth grader was able to pull his boxers up with the students then dragged him into the aisle of the bus and held his pants down.
Other teammates tried to take pictures with their cell phones according to the report.
After the two students let go, the sixth grader grabbed the box and pulled it out of his ass.
That says pulled it out of himself, but ass is so much more colorful.
Sure. He told deputies he threw the box and Zamora heading him in the shoulder. Zamora threw it in the box back hitting the student in the right eye.
Students stated then started crying and vomited on the bus while he was vomiting. Zamora said to him, you're not going to tell, right?
After school and district officials heard about the incident, the school's principal, Eileen Shirah, cancel the rest of the soccer team season.
Good. Little nasty punks. Two adult employees on the bus at the time of the incident have been suspended with pay, pending the outcome of a district investigation.
The sixth grader told deputies he yelled at Rodriguez and Zamora to stop.
However, everybody in the school bus was so loud that the coaches were sitting in the front of the school bus couldn't hear him.
The coaches were probably eggie, Mcmuffin him on.
Oh, yeah. What do you think so? Those coaches, yeah.
Egg Mcmuffin and he teachers, we know about them.
I'm pretty distributed about that.
The biggest name. The best talent.
This is no Roger. Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names. The best talent.
It's the big dog.
Thank God it wasn't a chocolate cream pie.
Sport Radio 560 QAM. Sport.
The leader. Beware of exploding balls.
Joel, hurry up. We're ready for the audition.
I'll be done in the new clans.
Jacket! We've are alone yet, bro!
Fight down your mutton head.
No!
You don't fuck around, Joel. Fight, boy.
Like that.
You better learn how to waste up the privilege like the rest of us levings.
Okay, I'm done.
At least until my next bad day at the track.
Attention, ladies. I asked you all here today to judge our finalists for the 790 WQAM auditions.
Will our three finalists come out of the closet, please?
Audition finalists number one.
What is your name and what do you really do?
I am proud. My name is the fabulous sportsman.
And I do a show that amounts to nut.
And I do it very badly.
I got what you call a face for radio.
And I don't fall on there either.
Which is perfect for the way you're on the station you've got to see.
And I'm everybody.
Finalists number two.
My name is Ugas Belt.
I used to selfie nuts at J Stadium.
Finalists number three.
My name is Larry Bluestein.
And I like college and high school sports.
Because I enjoy talking about and cheering for someone's kid I don't personally know.
Because I get moist over young athletes.
That smell like bacon.
Oh, I like you.
You got a great voice.
Do you have any experience in radio?
Well, I really liked what a great voice I have when I sang in the shower.
My mom will have told me so.
Ladies, we have a winner.
Okay, everybody, all together now.
Sports is the only thing that matters.
It's a 1032 or 560 W.
I finally decided.
I've been debating it for all the years we've been on this radio station.
I finally decided that sports talk is the most ponderous, the most monotonous,
the most boring and swill in the history of radio.
Oh, come on now.
It's important.
Or television.
Just rehashing.
Oh, and then that email I got yesterday about, well, I bet it reached 90% of the mail audience
in your audience's sports intensive.
So you got to mix them in.
Remember that email?
Sure.
Mix them in.
Yeah, mix this.
Okay, go on a date with Tom Mix.
Okay, he's got a nice pistola.
Maybe you'll blow your brains out if you can find him.
Mix them in.
20 hours a day of the same swill isn't enough.
Oh, well, the fish does and the fish doesn't.
Sounds all fishy to me.
God.
And the same.
You know what it's like?
It's like the same thing with the news channel.
Right.
And this crap about Rachel Maddo and all this.
All she's doing is recycling some of the same talking heads that Obermann's been having on offer a year.
Same people.
And he as much as I like him, he has these same ones on over and over Eugene Robinson.
And then the guy with the real razor thin face that was on again last night.
The same people in around for like two minutes.
And thank you so much and wonderful to have you.
Oh, thank you, Keith.
You know, it's Jesus drew Rosenstein and her Kirch's jerk street and oh my God.
All these experts mouthing off of swill about garbage.
No burger is complete without we have a 1061 votes.
Boy, Chris is all he is really nice going brand in good pull.
Aren't you impressed, Chris?
You know it, Tubby?
Lauren asks.
No burger is complete without cheese 281.
I told you.
Then I said your cheese was going to win.
What I voted.
Hamburger.
Who now wants a hamburger?
Give me a cheeseburger.
Give me a double cheeseburger, Mickey D's without the bun.
A bun, 224.
And then that one guy said, oh, bun is going to obviously win by a fan slide, which is what you want.
Did you want?
Because you know when we take these polls, it's about what you want.
Yeah, what I want.
We get paid more.
I'd like to take a hot apple pie from Mickey D's and shove it way up that guy.
Correct him.
Yeah.
Or maybe a chocolate cream pie from him.
Yeah, that's what you want.
One of those mother humber pies.
Remember the hump.
One of those.
Bun 224.
Catch up 177.
Onion's 105.
I love onions.
God, do I love onions?
I don't eat burgers 62.
Oh, you don't know what you're missing.
It's good stuff.
You're missing out on some really tasty meat.
Tomatoes 35.
Moustered 34.
Mayo 31.
Mayonnaise.
Boy, you go, you just shocked a hell out of me.
Bacon 28.
Pickles 27.
Mushroom is 12.
I'm going to give me a magic flying carpet like the fanatical Muslims do, you know.
Is it just a fanatical Muslims who do all Muslims have those flying carpets?
I don't know.
I'll go ask one.
I'm going to go to Mickey D's and I'm going to lay my carpet right out there in front of the counter.
I'm going to like a dovon.
I'm going to rock back and forth.
I'm going to rock.
Yeah.
Mushrooms 12.
I like it playing 11.
Burger playing.
That's like vanilla ice cream, Crab boring.
Boring burgers for boring people.
Barbecue sauce 10.
Stakesaw 7.
Let us four.
Fath.
Last night after I had a decent afternoon at Woodbine, I went upstairs to the cafeteria.
The cafeteria center because Wednesday night they have thorough bread racing.
They serve all the good stuff.
When they don't have thorough bread racing, they're no burgers.
They're just like weenies and pizza and stuff.
Macaroni and cheese.
So I got me a cheeseburger which they make very good cheeseburgers at Woodbine.
And they put a big thing of lettuce on it.
I mean like a whole head.
And I just took it and I threw it away.
And the burger was great.
I had onions on it, you know, and stuff.
I took the lettuce off.
Not because it's good for it because it just gets in the way.
You know what I mean by that?
Yep.
It gets in the way.
A big thing like a handful of lettuce.
Take the lettuce and stick it in there with the apple pie.
Let us four, salsa four, peppers three, relic three, and honey mustard had none.
I don't know where the hell that came from honey mustard.
Honey mustard is great on salads.
You know who had a great honey mustard dressing?
Houston's.
Oh god, do I love Houston's for their soups and their shallots?
Oh, they had the best honey mustard.
But whoever heard of putting honey mustard on a burger, nobody ever done it because it didn't get any votes.
Maybe somebody a vote for it before we change the poll.
Now what's your take on change in the poll?
We're doing what about nephatism for tomorrow?
Yeah.
We want to change it this early?
Chris?
Sure, why not?
We do?
Yeah.
You don't want to wait till we get 1100 votes.
We got a 1072.
Let's be a maverick.
Oh, let's see.
David says, according to IMDB, all three actor hockey players, the Hansen brothers are still alive.
No, I wasn't talking about those Hansen's New York City Dave.
I was talking about the Make Believe Singers, those retards.
Even George knew that, right?
What is this?
What?
Oh, it's about the Apple Pions.
Oh.
No, I'm changing the poll.
1072 is more than enough.
I mean, what difference does it make if we get to 1100?
What do we get a gold star in a purple jelly bean?
Yeah.
Who is the best example of nepotism?
Here's what we have so far.
And you can email some more choices to neolatneilrodgers.com.
Or you can just shot them out the window.
We'll hear it.
Sophia Coppola, Torey Spelling, Joaquin Phoenix, Chad Lowe, Robert Downey, Jr.,
Kiefer Sutherland, George W. Bush, Nicholas Cage, Ashley Simpson, or Luke Russell.
Obviously, everybody's going to vote for George W. Bush, so why should I vote for anybody else?
Right?
Yeah, he's got both votes so far.
Did you vote?
Not yet.
Oh, he's got the first two votes, including mine.
W.
That was up 186th and Aztec's up 33th.
And the S&P is up 19.
Oh, a happy day.
We're starting with the money and there goes your money.
Hansen, 1998.
Flarse, four, two, Hansen, the year 2000.
You want fries with that?
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, street ticket.
Okay, so somebody named John says our streaming is sputtering.
I don't believe it.
Okay.
If our streaming was sputtering, I'd have heard it from Brandon.
We'd be getting lots of emails about it.
Am I right?
Our streaming is, according to that one guy, it's just sensational.
That's right.
It's the world of fire.
It is high-fi and Wi-Fi and whatever it is.
Flying your hat.
Well, there's always people who want to throw a apple pie in the mix.
You know, always wraps with the flying.
And I.
And five.
I really like pie.
I like, I'm telling you, I like banana cream pie and chocolate cream pie.
I like chocolate cream pie.
You don't like key lime pie?
I love key lime pie.
Okay.
I like a small slice.
I like a can pie, but a very small slice.
Oh, began, that's really sweet.
Mm-hmm.
Like a small slice, dizzy.
About the size of your ass.
Doug says no burgers complete without the meat.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Great, Joni.
You listen to the, to sports all they long, almost.
So your show is one that brings me to reality with humor.
Thank you very much.
I listen to sport all they long, almost.
Get some help, Doug.
Fat man after dark says, please, Ed, I got two more for the poll.
Jamie Spears.
Got it.
Got it.
And Jeremy Shapp.
He's the son of the late Dick Shapp.
Dick Shapp was going to like get his thumb fixture, some kind of a cosmetic surgery thing.
And he, during the operation, he croaked.
Dick Shapp.
He said he had the son of legendary sportscaster Dick Shapp.
I wouldn't say that Dick Shapp was legendary.
Okay, talk about getting carried away.
Fat man.
But Jeremy Shapp is the guy that they used to make fun of.
And they used to have on the phone.
And some guy didn't impersonate him on the, on the worst team.
Don't you remember that with me, foe?
Mm-hmm.
That was one of their characters was Jeremy Shapp.
I don't know if it was the real one or the fake one.
And don't really care.
Because it's all boring as crap.
But I listen to sport all day long.
And it is just shocking to me that there are people out there.
And there aren't that many of them anymore.
I'm not that sure that they ever were, you know.
Want to hear about the game and dissect it and rehash it and revisit it and give meaningless opinions.
I mean, opinions are like a-holes, you know, everybody's got one.
Who cares?
It's one thing to have an opinion about politics or something meaningful.
That was up almost 200 points.
And then to the sport.
And that's why the third commitment I'll make is working to erase the global primary education gap by 2015.
Every child, every boy and every girl should have the ability to go to school.
To ensure that our nation does its part to meet this goal.
And I think every boy and every girl on the school bus ought to have their own apple pie, don't you?
That's right.
And Brandon has got a good point here. He says, what about shoe fly pie?
An apple pie?
Sure.
Remember we looked that up one time. I don't want to do it again.
Shoes fly pie and apple, panda. What's that song?
That's old.
That's it.
Shoes fly pie.
But who does that?
Who doors day, I think?
Doris day does shoe fly pie?
Oh my God.
Looking for it.
I wonder if Rock Hudson knew about that.
That Doris day had a new one.
I'm sorry, Donna Shore, I misspoke.
I was nine with Shore, now we're talking.
Fanny Roachor, who was Jewish.
And put on that red Nekia actor, Merpina.
See the USA in your shed, remember?
And Jewish.
That's for her title, by the way.
Nice talk, girl.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay, that's one for that.
I'll say.
I saw that show when she was on.
This is your life with Ralph Edwards.
And her real name was Fanny Roachor.
And she was Jewish.
But she was from the South, and she had that whole red Nekia who draw, you know, the Fanny.
And she was just Mordecai, I mean, Mordephied.
Yeah, what was your favorite?
Dinosaur song.
See the USA, you won't have that because it's a commercial.
Open, well, it's an open, it will show.
Well, this is mine.
That was up to 110 points.
I don't know what that is.
Sure you do.
Oh, I don't.
I'd love to do.
Salah, good, do lament, a boule of biblity, biblity, boo.
Yeah, okay.
Put them together and what have you got?
Squad.
Here's the new poll.
Who is the best example of nepotism?
We got 36 votes on the new poll.
Chris is really geared up for this one.
That was up to...
Here's the new poll.
Who is the best example of nepotism?
We got 36 votes on the new poll.
Chris is really geared up for this one.
That was up to 107 trins on dialogue, you know, catch up.
Brook Hogan.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks Brandon.
I want to change my vote.
Brook Hogan.
I don't even know who that is.
I know Hogan.
You're lucky.
I know John Hogan.
My friend Derek's least favorite driver.
Let's do a harness racing poll on the email thing.
Okay.
You don't think that would be to do a separate poll on the email?
Yeah?
Oh!
What?
We just had a power outage.
Are we still on the air?
Let's find out.
I'm not going to...
Listen, I get paid by the word.
I know.
So I'm not talking for free until I play, you know, Doris Day.
Give me a...
Scratchy.
Boy, that was scratchy.
Remember those days when we had the scratchy records?
Sure.
So, you know the most heartbreaking things as a kid when you'd like...
Accidentally, putting not the needle across the record.
Oh, yeah.
Big gouge in it.
Like tick, tick, tick, you know, like that.
Uh-huh.
Tick, tick.
It had like a nervous tick.
So are we on the air or what?
Chris hasn't made it back yet.
I presume I think it was just something in here.
Just an internal situation?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Maybe it's because that guy has sent that caustic thing about our...
our streaming is sputtering.
No, you chiefscape.
Why don't you go steal some money and get you a good...
connection for Kranowlow.
Dial up my ass.
Who else would...
What's the number?
B-2579.
Yeah, we're good.
As McCain suspends campaigning,
aid accidentally emails bailout talking points to the media.
Oh, my God.
As of Tuesday, McCain hadn't even read the bailout proposal.
The one that he's allegedly...
Oh, if they don't come up with a solution by Friday,
I'm bailing on the debate.
We're suspending our campaign.
They might as well just call off their campaign.
They don't have a campaign.
Senator McCain's campaign accidentally emailed a list of talking points to several media outlets.
Yesterday, amidst his announcement,
that he was suspending his campaign to focus on ongoing wall street bailout discussions,
even though as of Tuesday, he hadn't read the bailout proposal.
I'm calling on the president to convene with the meeting with the leadership from both houses of Congress,
including Senator Robon and myself.
He said, it's time for both parties to come together to solve this problem.
According to McCain's senior advisor, Mark Salter,
the campaign will suspend all ads and campaign events.
In addition, to trying to postpone the debate tomorrow night with Senator Obama,
who said, no way Jose.
And the debate commission said, no way Jose.
Everybody else says no way.
I think it'll be funny if just Obama showed up alone.
That's right.
As of Tuesday afternoon, McCain hadn't even read the wall street bailout proposal,
not being reviewed by Congress.
I haven't had a chance to see it writing.
He told WKYC's Tom Burris, I have to examine it.
Somebody ought to examine you to see if you're still alive.
You're ridiculous old coot.
The campaign talking points, a copy of which appears via a political CEO,
focus on bipartisanship with aims to push bailout legislation through by Monday.
It's time for both parties to come together to solve this problem on talking point reads.
This is the time to put our country first.
We must meet as Americans, not as Democrats or Republicans,
and we must meet until this crisis is resolved.
And until we get all of that taxpayer money in the hands of the right parties.
Good. Got all my...
Oh, we can't let Sarah debate.
Oh my god, we can't let her out.
They talk about Clay Aiken coming out.
You know, the space that he left open in the closet, she's in there now.
Oh, and the stream went down when you had that coin of brand and the stream went down.
Oh boy, now we got a whole bunch of emails.
Which I'll get to during the break.
I'm not going to try to read these.
You know what I'm thinking I might do?
What?
Do I have enough room?
No, I don't have enough...
I could move some stuff around a little bit.
But I don't want to.
Because then I'll mess the cords all up.
I'm thinking of like moving the monitor to a different spot,
like right in front of me there.
Okay.
As opposed to off to the side.
Okay.
Now let me just try something.
Because these voomikes, you know, they got long reach.
Like that.
Oh, Betty Smith months to saw me some Niagara.
Blow it out your ass, Betty.
Get some apple pies.
Let's see, add to the poll, John McCain.
Naval Officer John McCain.
Now, burger poll.
Speaking of burgers, Vibri, in a restaurant called Red Robin?
No.
I keep seeing their commercials as supposedly a gourmet burger place.
I went to their website.
They have only one location in Fortinson Ford Myers.
Many of you looks encouraging yummy
and different than other burger joints.
Is it worth the trip from Fort Lauderdale?
How the hell do I know?
Love the new formats.
Stop the A-holes from sabotaging your time.
Deb.
Here my friend.
Oh, Kenny Gramer says this streaming's okay.
Thanks, Kenny.
Chronic.
Your stream is fine.
Tell the guy to get a new computer in life says Bill.
Thanks, Bill.
Is this supposed to be best example or worst as Rick?
The best example?
You know what?
God.
Do I have to explain it to him?
Yeah, let's talk.
Where's the classic example?
The best example of nepotism.
You understand what it means, Schmuck?
I think McCain is a wussy to run away from the debates as Frank.
Neal, I prefer to listen to sports.
Joe Rose, Vigo, Man, which all day long,
while I'm working and listen to Rush Limbaugh.
Oh, that's, I guess that's the only choice.
I like to say opinions are like A-holes.
Everybody's got one of the all stink.
Says Jonathan and Boka.
Bring out your Joe so we can throw him in a pond.
What?
I don't know.
Bring out your Joe so we can throw him in a pond.
You know what they said?
Nobody wants another Joe.
That's what the guy with the glasses said in Godfather 3.
Nobody wants another Joe.
You're still on the years.
He's like, okay, yeah, we know Larry.
I was listening online and craped out, so it's Frankie.
And streaming.
You craped out twice about one minute before Georgia and out
it's on the earth.
It's okay now, but thought you'd like to know,
it's Andrew.
We craped out on the streaming.
It was sputtering.
You're sputtering.
You're struggling and you're sputtering.
And you know what?
Who cares?
So what's the story with Flea in that meeting they had?
Are we going to get some real good stuff?
They're still in that.
They're still holding that meat?
Yes, start a little after 10.
Oh my God, are you shmitting me?
All they do all day long is sit around and have meetings
and talk about crap that most of them have no idea what they're talking about.
You're especially clever.
You're a bio-radio.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names of best calories.
You're listening to sports radio 560.
WQAM.
My Miami Ford Lauderdale.
This is the Neo Rodge-er show.
Rock solidis is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Hello!
I'm John McKayne.
You may have heard that I invented the Blackberry.
Well, my friends, it's true!
And I'm going to tell you how I did it.
My tribe and I were camping in the Heroes of Kentucky,
but we didn't call it that back then.
Anyway, I was messing around and I crossed a blueberry with a poison berry and the next thing you know I got a blackberry
What's that it's coming from this little box?
John it's Sarah P.E.L.N.
Sarah, how did you get into this funny little box my friend?
John it's a blackberry. It's a phone. Oh
really but that's okay. It's time for your now just let Sarah take care of this just like I'll take care of everything when we're in the White House.
Okay, do
I'm governor Sarah P.E.L.N. and I approved this message. I'll approve anything that kicks me in the White House with this ancient geezer.
Oh God I can't wait for the Biden pale and debate it's gonna be it's gonna make everything else pale and even if it ever happens.
Well of course we got a cancel it because you know there's a lot of emergency going on and I'm sure it'll generate some more.
If you had emergencies I may have to do a wild choice here in Montmelville. Really?
Yeah, well I'll play some tunes.
You mean play some tunes? I'll spin some wax.
Donna sure see the USA in your Chevrolet. I'll take requests. See one thing about the early days of television in the 50s.
There were a lot of people who just happened to be in the right place at the right time because television was in its infancy.
You know what I mean? Yep. So it's not that they were like great talents or very entertaining or or great comedians or great singers.
It's just that they happen to be in the right place at the right time.
That's what life is pretty much it's like it's like going to the casino. It's like playing the schlats.
Oh and where's the where's the thing from the guy who says he misses the quarter schlock guy? I got to find this.
Oh boy. I'll find it. I got a hole. I got a pile. Oh here it is.
I'm also for the poll Michael Powell. FCC chairman the anxious Michael Powell son of a real a hole.
If ever there was one just like his father by the way sell out hold up that file again so the world can see that was a
vile act colon total sell out. He might vote for Obama though he said. Antonio says,
Hey last night my wife was listening to Joyce Myers. Her words are beautiful and comforting.
Who is Joyce Myers never heard of her? The problem is that I have unfortunately we don't live by the way God directs us,
but what is convenient to man at the appropriate moment. I do believe in the almighty but why is it that it never turns out the way God wants us to conduct ourselves.
Now I know that you do not believe in God but I do. I only believe in.
Damn God. Why do you think humanity is turned against him? I think it all started when prayer was taken out of the school curriculum.
Yeah that must be it. I must be that dead bitch. Madeline Oh here. That must be it.
PS George I enjoy your interaction with your audience can't wait Neil to get sick to to hear your show exchanging thoughts and ideas with your audience in your business.
That's the way I believe it should be. PS missed the quarter Schlatz guy Tony West Kendall. I mean talk about.
Yeah. He wants to hear your thoughts and interactions with the audience. That's the way it should be. Take your calls and shove them right in there with a quarter of a slot.
Okay Tony. Yeah. Mr. Quarter Schlatz guy. Idiot. Anybody who misses those calls needs needs to be exterminated immediately.
Not sooner. Including many of those who were the callers. By the way speaking of red Robin location in Fort Myers close a few years ago says somebody and it says it sucked anyway.
Well I thought the guy said he keeps seeing commercials for it. Oh maybe nationally must be a national shame. Must be you get it. I get it. Here's a joke.
Do you dare me do you double arm brace myself I double dare to read this on the air Rogers. Now this is from one of our good emailers Ralph emails are pouring in today by the way.
And you were giving me yesterday. Oh I think this is all done two weeks. I miss your interaction with the callers. And your friend.
Controversial program. Oh. He wishes somebody's whistling in a hallway. A tune. What's what's that thing about whistling past the graveyard.
I don't know. Yeah. I'm sure it's a superstitious kind of wishling past the graveyard. Ralph says the mother was working in the kitchen listening to her five year old son playing with his new electric train in the living room.
She heard the train stop under sun saying all of your sons of bitches who want get the hell off now because this is the last stop.
And all your sons of bitches who are getting on get your asses on the train because we're going down the tracks.
The horrified mother went in and told her son we don't use that kind of language in this house. I want you to go to your room and you're to stay there for two hours when you come out you may play with your train but I want you to use nice language.
Two hours later the boy came out of the bedroom resume playing with his train soon the train stopped in the mother heard her son say all passengers please remember your things.
Thank you and hope your trip was a pleasant one we hope you'll ride with us again soon. She heard her little darling continue for those of you just boarding remember there's no smoking in the train.
We hope you'll have a pleasant relaxing journey with us today as the mother began to smile the child added for those of you who are pissed off about the two hour delay please see the bitch in the kitchen.
Excellent. That was good. See and you don't want me to do jokes. I said proofread the nuts off. Come on and it takes the fun out of it. Oh, sure that's one way of putting it.
Oh, there's just a whole bunch of stuff. Palin protected from witchcraft we saw that guy that guy is scary.
Ooh, I think Tang while I'm being banged. Let's find the witch doctor by David Seville you got it coming right up on Liberty Records.
David Seville and patients and prudence they were on Liberty Records. What a memory. What a memory for it was like a kind of a.
I was in love with you. Oh, I was in love with you. And then which doctor told me what to do. He said.
Okay. See the world just isn't what it used to be and that's because they don't write them like that anymore.
Ooh, I think Tang while while I'm being banged. Right. And we can still say those because we didn't ask.
Oh, but if we asked if we say those things are no way banned by Joyce.
Yeah, we see national commercials all the time for red robin jacket a box and sonic of which they don't exist in software. The sonic on the west coast.
No hardies. Do you ever see a spot for hardies? Nope. I don't either. Maybe they don't do TV.
That's Schrumberger. Well, I'm just dying for one of those. I'm dying from eating. Well, you heard it on the year yesterday.
You pocket worked about eight million dollars worth of food in here yesterday and I ate pizza and onion rings and all kinds of bad stuff.
Ask me how my blood sugar is this morning.
Okay. A grainy YouTube video surfaced yesterday showing Sarah paylon being blessed in her hometown church.
It's on our website with the link to it. I'm pretty sure it's one of the stories. At least I send it along to I want my thousand dollars.
Court is being blessed in her hometown church three years ago by a Kenyan pastor who prayed for protection from which craft is she prepared to seek higher office.
I mean talk about crazy than a bed bug. Everybody in America should be forced to watch that just before they watch the vice presidential debate should it actually take place.
I bet you the night that they're going to have that VP debate that she comes down with like a hang nail or something. Oh, Sarah couldn't be there because she had a hang nail.
And she is a screw in her husband's ex partner by the way. Oh, the video shows paylon standing before Bishop Thomas Muthi in the pump out of was so
that somebody of God church holding her hands open as he asked Jesus Christ to keep her safe from every form of which craft.
Come on talk to God about this woman. We declare savor from Satan.
Muthi said is to attend his place their hands on paylon shoulders make her way from my God bring finances her way even for the campaign in the name of Jesus.
Use her to turn this nation the other way around.
Paylon formally announced to bid for governor a few months later October 2005.
Paylon doesn't say anything on this video and keeps her head bowed throughout the blessing.
She was baptized at the church stopped attending regular in 2002. She was busy getting laid by her husband's ex partner.
A spokesman for the McCain campaign declined to comment a person who answered the phone with the wassella church confirmed the video was from May 2005.
But declined for the comment probably from embarrassment purposes.
Paylon was baptized Roman Catholic is a newborn while she's all over the place.
Pentecostals are conservative in their reading of the Bible unlike most other Christians including most evangelicals.
Pentecostals believe in baptism in the Holy Spirit which can manifest itself through speaking in tongues like that.
Modern day prophecy in faith human which includes the laying on of hands.
Oh I guarantee she's done lots of laying on of hands on lots of glands.
Maria Camilla spokesman for the McCain paylon campaign said Pellamethen's different churches does not consider herself Pentecostal.
Just crazy like that.
And of course a lot of women in Africa have been butchered.
Burned at the stake.
Over when we was talking about that last night about all these witches women being proclaimed as witches and so they burn them and stuff.
Stuff that went out like way back in Salem here a couple of years ago.
Salem.
Yeah Winston Winston tastes good like a cigarette should.
I just smoked Newports when I was in college I smoked two three packs a day.
Newports.
Okay it was kind of a yeah cigarette.
Men thought you know when you say menthol cigarettes packets are gay.
I don't have an opinion on that.
Well that's because you're not a smoker and at least not a cigarette anyway not a bag.
It's 119 votes on the poll.
Who's the best example of nepotism in other words who's got the least talent the best example it should be self explanatory.
Anybody with IQ larger than their thumbnails should get it.
Which leaves a lot of you folks out.
121 votes.
Chris is just crelling from that.
I know what that meant.
George W. Bush 83 he's in a class by himself thank God.
I watched about two minutes in that last night I promised myself I wouldn't watch it.
But he was on there he was a guest on the Rachel Mano show you know she's got hands like a guy.
She's got a lot of things like a guy I think.
She has an Adam's apple I haven't you know she's got that desk.
I think she should put some lipstick on that thing.
You know she was wearing something the other night I forget when I was watching it.
Was she I took note she was wearing some makeup.
I think she heard you.
I think she heard your comments.
Rachel have a little makeup makeup like Uncle Milti would say makeup.
Christ yeah.
Now she leaves me limp.
She just keeps rehashing.
She keeps rehashing and recycling the same old Obermann guest.
George W. 83 Tony Troy spelling 17 Luke Russell six Sophia Coppola four.
Brooke Hogan three Michael Powell two.
Chad Lowe's got a pair Jeremy Shaplon Ashley Simpson one Nicholas Cage one Robert
Downey Jr. one Joe Mars Jr.
Don't have any.
Greatest harness racing driver in the world Brian Sears John Campbell Dave
Pallon Ron Pierce or Tim Teatrick.
That's our email poll we got some harness racing people on there.
I won't get any votes on it Jamie Lee's fears don't have any key for Settling and
Joaquin Phoenix have none out of 121.
You'll see you're all look at all that look at the emails are pouring in today.
What is that all about I told you this thing was taken off like Halibut in and
Heifa and you said oh no Neil you're wrong or was it Clarence who said that?
Well you know what Jolly Joseph's oh yeah the audience wants to your
Neal's interaction with the colors yeah with the colors you know both of them.
The biggest name the best talent.
You're busy your projects.
Sport rate your five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You've said the angel.
Wake nights from eight to 11 here on.
Sport rate your five sixty QAM.
Yeah.
What are my plays?
I'm waiting.
Come on Clarence.
The sports leader.
I know that the Zord even loves Neil Rogers.
I thought Christy I was fairy tales.
This religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
They let me in for free.
Carcadilla turns around.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That made me a believer.
It was kind of fun.
Just to get out of my mouth.
Speaking tongue.
They got me believe in my tongue as we then from side to side.
The Lord will now embrace me.
I flat my tongue to the feet.
Now whatever I do, he'll forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing round with fine.
Now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
I'm going to read these two emails.
You're not going to wonder.
You're going to wonder why I wonder if there's any hope for the human race.
And they're both from like regulars, including our good friend Zisco.
So when you hear this, you're going to plots.
Don't know if you knew this.
McCain wants to debate on Friday post-pone because of the financial problems.
Even cancel his appearance on Letterman in order to speak to the rescue on our economy.
But wait, he canceled with Letterman and then did an interview with Katie Kourik.
He wants his debate rescheduled for next Thursday when the VP debate was supposed to occur.
Thus postponing indefinitely the VP debate, possibly without being able to be rescheduled.
They don't want the mad dog Sarah Pailin to debate.
Ha ha, right, Zisco.
No, I don't know if I knew that.
Did I talk about that for like about 85 hours today?
Yeah, a little bit.
And Anita, who's also a regular emailer and I thought had an IQ larger than her thumbnail,
she says, hello, Neal, my theory is this.
If Obama falls for McCain's BS and postpones the Friday night debate,
which he didn't fall for it and he will not postpone it,
the GOP will then say there's not enough time for the three debates unless they eliminate the VP debate.
Hopefully Obama will show up for the debate and McCain will have to join him.
It's amazing how these people keep feeding back to me the things that I've just been saying on the air.
Well, maybe they aren't listening today, maybe they're busy.
I think it's amazing how these people keep feeding back to you on things that you just said on the air.
Yeah, not that there's something new, but nevertheless.
No.
Tim and Miami says the hockey mom isn't made available to the press.
The maverick won't be available for the debate tomorrow.
I predict that McCain's efforts to bail out on the debate is the tipping point for this election.
No wavering independent can consider voting for this turn coat says Tim in Miami.
And William in somewhere.
Miami.
Well, he actually Williams got a date and a borrowed number.
How do you like that?
I asked me a big shot.
Like a like a business guy, you know, like Mark.
I imagine.
He says John McBush has for corruption, McCain's an expert.
His actions caused American taxpayer more than any other SNL failure than 90s.
Remember the savings alone crisis while McCain was instrumental causing the largest loss suffered by the US taxpayer in any anyone SNL failure.
And he's got a link to a bunch of articles, even from his hometown newspaper on the Keating 5.
Also, let's not forget that George Herbert Walker Bush's son, Neil Bush was a responsible party in the failure of the Silverado, SNL Colorado.
Of course, his daddy was president.
So Neil escaped scrutiny.
Neil God.
Neil Bush.
Bailing out on a faithful wife who was injured, hiding the injury from McCain and stuck by McCain when he was in prison, only to be dumped for a rich bimbo whose daddy is one of the largest but wise distributors in the country.
McCain carried on the adult risk relationship with the first with the would be first bimbo, while still married to his faithful crippled wife.
Does the word A whole cross your lips?
It says it's all about character.
And McCain has none.
Oh, and by the way, War Hero not POW.
You see, a war hero is not some dumb ass who screwed up, got shot down and lost a multimillion dollar airplane and had his ass dragged to the Hinoa hill.
And that's a POW, not a war hero.
Says William, who's pissed off and fired up.
He's lobbing his grenades.
Is what he says.
He says he's lobbing grenades.
Mark says, now it's getting to the point where it's almost unhandleable, which is good.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I telephoned the dolphins organization prior to the season opener, Mark says, and quite about season tickets.
I asked if there would be a religious exercise and invocation before the start of each game.
The answer was yes, and that it's a dolphins tradition.
I passed on the season tickets.
Also, I would like your opinion.
Tommy Rowe underrated.
Oh, it makes me dizzy just to think about it.
Dizzy.
And then he's got in parentheses, hooray for Hazel.
Sheila, Crimson and Clover, which I'm sure is Tommy James and his shondells.
Yes.
Tommy Rowe might have done a cover on that, but Crimson and Clover was a big hit for Tommy James and his shondells.
Jam up, jelly tight.
Oh yeah, jam it up.
As in...
Brackham.
Apple pie.
Last, my vote for the best one hit wonder would be the cheater by Bob Kubin and the Inman.
Oh, come on.
I mean, that was okay.
That was the best one hit wonder.
We did that once upon a time.
I had to dig those poles out.
You know, if that was fun.
You hated it.
No, I saw in the news that it's like one hit wonder day or a week or some crap like that.
It is now?
Yeah.
One hit wonder week?
Something like that.
I wonder wonder who, but oh, who wrote the book of love, the monotones.
I'm sure you got that.
You know what?
One moment, please.
That only touched her fast.
You can only what?
Touch so fast.
Wonder who.
Who wrote the book of love?
That's it.
156 votes on our nepotism poll.
Carrie says.
Neil, like you, I find it hard to find a decent pizza in Toronto.
Do believe I stumbled on something halfway decent, voted the number one pie in Toronto,
a place called Vesuvio.
Let me know if you like it.
Call us with your order.
Oh, this is from Carrie from Mrs. Saga.
I see he, I guess he just pasted that line on there.
Well, he don't work for them.
I guess.
Because he, he's with a ocean air consolidated.
What is that?
What is that?
Last time I looked out the window.
I didn't see any ocean.
What's the one you see Lake Ontario, eh?
Carrie.
Carrie's in Mrs. Saga, poor baby.
Sorry about that traffic on a QAW, Carrie.
Well, the traffic here, the driving here is the world's worth,
and the traffic as a result of it probably is right in there.
Jonathan invoked his all apologetic.
I don't even know what he's talking about.
He says it was a money python and holy grail reference.
Sorry for the poor choice of movie.
Should I stop emailing or just go F myself?
Why don't you keep emailing, but you can still go F yourself with an apple pie?
What does he preferring to?
I don't know.
Oh, yesterday it was a money python.
Don't you remember the, um, oh, that's right.
I like Chinese.
No.
No?
No.
Okay.
I don't know.
I don't know what he's talking about.
Let me know what you're talking about, Jonathan,
and you can still go F yourself.
If you double-jointed like Ron Jeremy, you can do something else too.
Paul says I saw at least three McCain campaign I ads on TV this morning.
What happened to the suspension of the campaign?
Suspension of belief is what we're supposed to have.
Suspension of belief that there's daughtering old fool and there's hockey mom,
this slut, this trailer trash slut from Alaska are planning on being in a White House.
You've got to be schmittin' me and bubble it and go there and speak.
That first email we had this morning, he was right.
Boba, Boba, Boba, behind the scenes, he's trying to pull you, you know what I'm saying?
Yep.
He's still campaigning for a swillery for 2012.
He wants that bitch out of the house in Chapacua.
Jay and Baltimore says the trailer for the new Oliver Stone movie, W,
it looks pretty good.
Apparently the movie is going to cover from Bush's younger days all the way up to the beginning of the Iraq War.
The Bush years are too screwed up for one movie.
The trailer is here if you want to take a puke at it.
No, thanks anyway.
First of all, it's Oliver Stone.
Secondly, it's about W. Stone.
Then he says when I saw the president do a stupid speech,
all I could think about was that it needed to call you those years ago,
thinking Bush for the low gas prices, what a schmittball that guy was.
At that time, over 70% of the country's support of the war.
But day after day, you said it was Vietnam all over again.
As always, you were right and they were wrong.
It says Jay in Baltimore.
You go Jay.
The best talent.
You don't live in your projects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The big O.
Orlando Alzagiri.
Mornings 5 to 7.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You get a lot of big.
Five.
The Rogers on the sports hall radio WQA.
Sorry, I do the clear blue yonder.
Wonder, crash, McKay.
Us, boys, baby, rats, who went out to take me crash.
Low less than 5 jet lanes.
Crash McKay, all American, hero, fighter, pilot, pilot, expert, ex.
As his boaters' skills would habit, he drives a lot of mad at him.
He can't take a regular shit.
Crash McKay.
He made a lousy pilot.
Crash McKay.
As water on his brain.
Crash McKay.
Is used to those guidance.
Crash McKay.
Is good flyer plane.
He walks the same, I racked for 100 years until I rocked Q.
Patient at one.
The theme of his campaign is country reversed.
But they fail to say which one.
Johnny Peripin's all-marfarin policy problem.
Had the drop of a bomb.
In this place, a station system is in.
They you and color us down.
Crash McKay.
You don't want to drive it.
Crash McKay.
This country in a bitch.
Crash McKay.
The worst pilot ever.
Crash McKay.
And the soccer mama bitch.
Crash McKay.
What a crappy pilot.
Crash McKay.
My lazy other than.
Crash McKay.
Somehow he survived it.
Crash McKay.
That's not good news for us.
What is it exactly that the meaty does?
Oh.
Maybe the VP's got a PP, you think?
Maybe.
Maybe we got to do a PP.
It's 11.30.25.60 W and we got the big O.
Rock solid.
That could two o'clock to digest and rehash and regurgitate.
All that important sports crap.
It's important, you know.
Marlins are done.
The Marlins.
How many games they got left?
About four or five.
Four.
Chris.
Four.
Mm-hmm.
I think they had to do like McKay not to do.
Just, just, forfeit the rest, you know.
I think he had to drop out.
Okay.
Can't be something if he came on today.
Yeah.
And made a breathless announcement.
Of course he's always breathless because he's old and daughtering and dying.
They just announced that he was dropping out.
He just, you know, he sees the handwriting on the wall like Daniel and Lyons did.
Who?
Wasn't Daniel who saw the handwriting on the wall?
That was him.
Yeah.
More bubble miceies.
Just like Jonah in the whale.
Oh my god.
He was a whale of a guy though, Jonah.
And don't forget about Noah, Drunken Noah and his arc.
I won't.
And Rochester, we had a chain of hardware stores called Noah's Ark.
If anybody ever asked you that like on Jeopardy or something.
Okay.
It certainly pays to be Treasury Secretary if your former firm is a brokerage house in a new study says,
Goldman Sachs Group formerly run by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Morgan Stanley
stand to be among the biggest beneficiaries of the $700 billion US bailout.
It's benefits and its current formal largely be limited to investment banks and other banks
that have aggressively written down the value of their holdings and have already recognized the
attend the capital impairment.
Jeffrey Rosenberg, Bank of America's head of credit strategy research,
wrote in a report obtained by Bloomberg News.
Paulson was head of Goldman Sachs Investment Banking Division from 1994.
He later became chairman and CEO of Goldman and left his post and joined the Bush administration.
It's just a coincidence by the way that they're going to stand to benefit so much.
You do understand that.
Just like it's just a coincidence that Halliburton stood to get all those
a no-bid contracts in Iraq of which your vice president Dick Cheney is the former peace of crap.
Court of the study that bailout benefits Paulson's former firm more because banks haven't had to write down
as many troubled mortgage assets under accounting rules.
It means that participating in the program would cause them to actually lose capital as opposed to investment banks which stand to gain.
By Goldman Sachs as in Sack a Crap.
But nevertheless, Chuck says I'm at a red robin for the first time when I lived in Texas who was pretty good.
Red robin. Remember robin Seymour in Detroit?
No.
Rock and Robin?
Rock and Robin?
I remember that.
Robin Seymour.
He was on WJVK and he was on CKLW.
Robin Seymour.
Back in the day of personality radio in Detroit.
Anyway, they have different types of toppings for their boogers, red robin, and have dinner-type fries.
What does that mean dinner-type fries?
I don't know.
The only Florida location in Fort Myers I visited about four months ago is located an outdoor type shop.
Well, that's interesting because he's just visited four months ago and the other guy said it's been out of business for years.
I would recommend red robin but only if he happened to be on the Southwest coast.
I don't think it's really worth the drive.
You don't want to drive to go eat in a dive dive.
Five guys, burgers and fries as a national team that people should check out never heard of it.
Never heard of red robin either.
I don't think I heard a robin with the green tights.
They have great burgers and the French fries are cooked in peanut oil with their skins on.
Oh my God.
I didn't know that fries had the foreskin.
The fries at five guys remind me a lot of wolves.
Five guys has got locations in Florida.
Great show is always Chuck.
I'm currently using Ubuntu Linux and Firefox 2.0.
I'm surfing the internet safely.
Are you?
I got Firefox the new one.
Is 3.0, isn't it?
Yeah.
I got that one.
But Ubuntu Linux, what's that?
Don't know.
And he's got a link to it here.
Ubuntu.com.
Well, I'll take your word for it Chuck.
I'm doing just fine.
I think of the Firefox.
The new one?
Yeah.
I like the old one better.
All right, so I won't upgrade.
No, no, no, don't do it.
Don't get stuck it in.
I'll tell you the thing I don't like about the new one Firefox 3 is that the
the GRLs, somebody can call that.
The history?
Yes, the history.
It's more limited.
I mean, it's bigger and you can read it easier.
Which when you're going blind like I am, it's no problem, but it just It didn't all right.
Oh, now look at that.
Well, I just wait a minute.
What happened?
I pressed the scope a couple of times and a bunch of other stuff came up in there.
Very strange really strange, but that's Firefox 3. I'd stick with 2.0 if I were you
It's up to you
You like 2.0. Yeah, I've no fun with it. Oh
Here's a great picture. It's a
Sarah Palin and bush in a skirt. He's morphed into Sarah Palin
And then there's that one where she's got that sour look on her
Yeah, I got a copy that's him you've seen that one mm-hmm
I think I'm gonna send this one along and maybe Cortus will actually put it on there. I don't know
One moment please. Oh jeez they just disappeared
What disappeared
Alan Anderson that can't be the Alan Anderson. I used to work at IOD 100 years ago. I sure hope not
I think that guy's dead. Oh, no, I want to forward these
forward to
There we go and maybe we'll put him on our website because you know our what oh and you know something that guy
That was a criticizing our website and who designs websites in the audio he never sent me squat
Hmm remember that guy. Yeah, he never sent me Squatsky and that was like two nights ago. I'm gonna send it to you
Yeah, right Richard whatever his name was a real dick
Never he never sent nothing
Hmm
Dear Neil I hope Adam says I hope this doesn't piss you off too bad
But there's an irritating noise played about every minute in the background of your station
It sounds like an alarm or like the noise when you miss the cell phone call what the eff is it? I don't know Adam
Adam's whatever you name oh big Brucey. It's on the mandatio also others. I couldn't say because I don't listen to them
Listen to you since 82 big Brucey and the keys a big Brucey you fair. I don't know. Do you know what it is? No
We don't know and quite frankly. We don't care
Not a noise
The best talent it's the big dog
Weak day morning 7 a.m. Sports radio 560
I like naked guy
You fairy
You wait
Yeah
These are football they do a solid wall of meat
The kind of guy that I want to do that's good to be just eat
I want to hear him go on a date with his mouth chaps at all
So just I think he'll sports quit if I want to see him grab the balls
Baby wow
Look at that kid
You ain't too
No man
Wait like lady
with
I've got a high deputy screen that helps me see his bones
I can do a lot of wonder but I ain't gonna ever get none
Know the days of a business school. Okay. That's not too great
But I'm pushing over the night late at least until he's 28
I'm ready
I want some win
You wait
No man quite like lady
Won't it be wow
Look at that kid
You wait
See no man quite like lady
With you fairy
That's a thousand and twenty seven points just relax. Don't worry. Everything's gonna be just fine
Right
What or not are you eating all ready? You know it
Wow, I got a strip what's it's called the strip what?
Shrip keke
Paisons is arrived with the food and of course we got the two for one deal league with portobello mushrooms 50% off
Sun-corried tomatoes in just five minutes great
My god, I sundae tomatoes. It's one of my favorites
Look at the great menu too french onion soup potato soup spinach from Argil
Salad
Create appetizers
Like a really good salad bar with like you know good stuff like artichoke and things like that
Lots of great seafood lobster ravioli
Eggplant Parmesan or as mr. Aigo would say eggplant Parmesan
Yeah
You got a steak they got a 14 ounce ribeye. I think that's what Chris is eating the word
Stuff and stuff and garlic black peppercorn and oil. I got what I ordered specific
Red skin smashed potatoes, which are phenomenal by the way buttery and good
Man with like garlic and it and stuff aparagus fruity
rolled in a tiny breadcrumbs and flash fried
Anyway, it's a great menu and it's a great restaurant and you guys had a good meal or on Tuesday night
Yes, we did and we got the certificates coming up at noon in about 14 minutes on wqam.com
One man was arrested at least four traffic accidents occurred yesterday in a rush to get free gas
Said four pierced police captain Greg Kirk
Captain Kirk
Fame story attorney Willie Gary and local hip hop iron r and b station x102.3
Sponsored a free gas giveaway from four to six p.m
The first hundred two listeners who went to the Walmart gas station at 5100 ocha choby road Kirk set
But more than three thousand people showed up
We would have redirected traffic and had more offices there. That's for sure Kirk said if officials knew there was gonna be such a turn out
What do they think there was gonna be for free gas huh? I got some free gas for you
No, thank you
From 30 to 40 cops and the same Lucy County Sheriff's deputies were sent to the gas station to control a crowd and traffic Kirk said
St. Lucie County Fire Rescue also responded as a precaution
During the giveaway they charged Michael Truitt 21 to four pierced with three counts of battery for hitting a woman in the back of the head and hitting police officers
Well, maybe she was like to cut an in line cut them off
You think
Maybe who the hell knows boy you are such an old god
This is really bad
Mm-hmm. It's really good. You call this free food. Yeah
Now what do you eat?
It's shrimp kiki. It's a shrimp and pasta dish made with like
Portobello mushrooms and sun dried tomatoes and I don't know what kind of herbs are in here. It's
It's just wonderful. It's crazy. Mm-hmm
And I'm sitting here thinking about lunch. Oh my god. You a weenie. Oh, yeah, then I'll do it. Mm-hmm
Larry said did you see the latest video of Pailin being dewitched? Yes
Did you know that the anti-witch guy from Kenya is found upon over their innocent women and girls never men?
Are they warlocks have been killed and or mutilated and are fairly modern moose hunter was doing this?
Yes, she is our modern moose hunter
At least you won't be bothered by a choice. Maybe you should try this treatment
Yeah, that's right. I could clean up my act. I'll start speaking in
Tongues
The whole thing is just so pathetic tragic
And of course tomorrow nights the big debate maybe
Yeah, somebody had a good idea
If McCain says he's not going to show up then Obama should have them invite Bob bar the libertarian candidate
With the Hitler mustache, you know Bobby bar from Georgia. Mm-hmm. Now that would you know, I mean, why the hell not at least there'd be a debate
At least there'd be a two folks to show up and then they could show whose conspicuous by his absence
Daughtering old fool John McCain that he is Nick Bush
God scary
Oh, yeah McCain called the president to say that it was suspended campaign
Well, I'm not trying to make it a political event
I will go out of my way to say it again that we want them to come here. Yeah, right. You should live so long honey
Greg Reese's I saw McCain on the evening news Wednesday night. I think he had a stroke
His left eye was almost closed and the other one was bugging out like Barbara Bush on a bad day
Oh, what's that bit? Which one?
I think it's under Barbara. No
Her commentary or a bit. No that bit about her bug eyes. What is wrong with you? Oh, oh, oh, Marty Feldman. That's it
Jesus you're forget it would just eat good
It says if he kicks the bucket before election day who would be the Republican candidate
If it's the primary runner-up do they get to pick a different VP?
Norma Kent says for your edification. Oh boy. Too bad. I can't read it on the air
I'm gonna forward it to you in a minute during the break. Okay. Somebody's been
disbarged
The unmanshedable one
Mm-hmm
Anyway, it says if it the a primary runner-up do they get a pick at him?
I live in the receiving Florida received QM almost full quieting with only Fidel in the background better than in sunrise
Good luck you Greg really somebody can hear us
Because Brandon says the Spanish language interference from Fidel is so bad today. It sounds like you're in an elevator and in Miami
They're all speaking
No, no speaking English
Picking upon it picking upon it
Maybe that'll get us some extra numbers you think
Why not we'll do the show, you know, in English and Spanish like Kipasa. Yeah
bisexual and bilingual see
Officials at a US Christian college have launched an investigation after a cardboard effigy of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama was hung from a tree
A statement said yesterday you hear this at a US Christian college
Okay
Okay, George Fox University in Newburgh, Oregon said in a statement on its website that the cutout of Obama was found hanging from a tree on campus early Tuesday morning before being removed by staff
Assigned reading act six reject was taped to the cutout act six is a scholarship program run by the college
Granted to ten student leaders from urban Portland most of the students currently benefiting from the program are ethnic minorities this statement said
George Fox University president Robin Baker was to address the colleges
1800 strong undergraduate body later yesterday
We will not tolerate such displays and condemn it in the strongest terms. He said in a statement
The people responsible for the incident have been identified the statement said but the 30s average anyone with information to come forward
US Christian College George Fox University in Newburgh, Oregon. Oh my god so many farbicinogram
A 28 year old Russian female who visited Dubai in a tourist visa and a 30 year old male citizen of Lebanon
Our salesman in local store were put on trial for drinking juice in a public place in the daytime during a muslim fasting in Dubai
Doobie doobie doobie Dubai they have the big horse race over there in Dubai right
Right, I get any emails about my harness drivers now
Let me see it's because old people don't do email just ask the McCain
It's so telling
Those who think pay them is a total
Nutcase because of religious practices think it's perfectly fine. Oh, I see
Oh
This is an anti-Obama not a reading anti-Obama emails
Yeah, okay
Who's this from
Harry gets them help Harry. Yeah, she is an upcase
But nevertheless, I hope you and Sarah have a wonderful time together, Harry
Anyway getting back to the juice
The police caught the two people red handed at a gas station in Dubai
Emirate.ru reports with reference to golf news and accordance with the federal penal code of the United Arab Emirates
A public intake of food and beverages during daytime hours of the month of Ramadan is forbidden by article 313
And you're eating right now right during Ramadan. You're gonna have burning hell
For sure I already got reservations. Yeah, I guarantee I got some reservations about you
I'm sure the article stipulates the punishment the former be the remunitary penalty up to two thousand durham's which is 555 bucks
Even a term of up to a month in prison
Because they were drinking juice juice
The young people told the court they were not Muslims and were thus unaware of the fact that directions could be punishable
The court took the mitigating circumstances in a consideration
But found that the defendant's guilty anyhow since ignorance does not excuse a responsibility
The court ruled that the young people must pay the fine of a thousand durham's 278 bucks each
The case became the first one since Dubai in Dubai and violation of article 313 since the beginning of the month of Ramadan on September 1
Thank God the month is almost over
Thousands of foreigners from Europe and Asia reside in the Emirate of Dubai the major tourist center of the Persian Gulf
Dubai is known as a relatively liberal region in comparison with other territories of the UAE
Tourist can be seen in the streets wearing shorts whereas alcoholic beverages can often be available in bars and hotels
But certainly not in the middle of broad daylight during Ramadan
Mon
This year however the authorities intend to remind all residents and guests of the Emirate that they're staying on a territory of a Muslim country
There have been quite a number of incidents recently when the local police and playing closed arrested women sunbathing topless
nudist and other violators of public order
Many tourist acknowledge they don't always understand how they should behave in Dubai. I got a good idea. Don't go there
Guidebooks advised tourists they should always carry their IDs or better their copies with them for the majority of police officers
Where playing clothes and can be rather meticulous in their inspections
In other words a bunch of card-caring Nazis kind like George Bush
Same concept
Bush cheney
Can you tell me why other than the fact that he's an a-hole wire
Chris Matthew says cheney. I don't know. I think you've had it right
Because he's a-hole. Oh
Well, he loves his politics though. He can't get enough politics fix
Four minutes still new and four minutes until we open up at wqm.com our two for one deal
Starting today at noon you can buy a $50 certificates for just 25 bucks to the brand new peasants restaurant and bar in
Coral Springs formally on X
peasants is now doing their grand opening and to rave reviews including by George and Chris who are just
Feasting right now
What's Chris eating?
Having uh it's called chicken triples the maestro and
Very good chicken froncet chicken malaise and chicken scallopini. I'll be damned very good
peasants offers great dining value with sensational food. They feature only Harris ranch organic beef
Be sure to try their eight ounce filet this tender and scrumptious and melts in your mouth or their 14 ounce rib
I married it in garlic black peppercorn and oil
Especially is the prime rib the big al cut a full 16 ounces slow roasted for six hours and perfect every time
Seafood lovers feast on their fabulous fresh catch items like cedar planks moped salmon or sea bass Wellington
So the all-new peasants restaurant and bar formerly onyx
31-11 North University drive just a box off the sample road in Coral Springs
For reservations call 954
510 7400 and now thanks to me in about three minutes you can buy $50 certificates and have prices 25 bucks
Just to make sure you get to wqam.com and hurry because once they're gone there
The biggest names the best
Tell it
You're listening to sports radio
560 wqam
My Emmy for Lutterdale
This is Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on qam
He was an ordinary Saudi down on his luck until a twist of fate in doubting with all the powers of a la
It's the feel good hit of the summer. Ahmed all mighty
I've got the power all I've been praise. I mean I be praise. I can do anything
It's funny. I woke up this morning and I swear my tooth felt bigger
You know cover them up or face the wrath of me
From the director of infidel liar infidel liar comes a movie that will have you bowing seven times a day toward the box office
It's Ahmed all mighty
Oh
Ahmed all mighty it's a lot you could ask of a movie comedy
Ahmed it's
All
You've had my power for a little over the week now how many people have you held
Oh
Nobody perfect
Ahmed all mighty now flying into a movie theater near you
Come on at 560 wqam. We got 88 left out of the hundreds certificates for our peasants. We got 88 left
Yep. Well, that's not good. That's a slow start. Yeah
For a place that that's great with all those good
Seafood and steaks and soups and salads and good great stuff 88 left
I'm going to put the fatso there in charge of keeping his eye on that okay
You're in charge already
237 votes on the pool who's the best example of nepotism
Keeper Sutherland and Joaquin Phoenix don't have any. Why is that are they great actors?
Keeper Sutherland just gives me I get spielkeys. Yeah, when I see him
And when I see his daddy I get even oh I get I get all following
Pigma yeah
The Pigma plan yeah
George W. Bush 160 votes kicking everybody's ass
Torrey spelling 29. So if he a copula 14 look russia 11
Rukhogan 8 Michael Powell 4 Jamie Lynn Spears 2 Jeremy Shap 2 Ashley Simpson 2 Nicholas cages got a pair
Chad Lowe's got a small pair Robert Donnie Jr. 1 and none for Keeper Sutherland or Joaquin Phoenix
Sure miss that river peanut river Venus
How we doing with those certificates Chris 88 still
Oh, this is great
Chris yeah, I'm yelling at a sales owner right now, so you're why?
Yeah, 88 cut
Was 88 you're yelling at a salesman? Yeah, speaking of yelling at somebody worse flee with the report on the rejoins
I believe there's still in that meeting get out of here. It's after noon for quite a while
Probably about 10 you believe there's still a need about 10 to 15 my ass. I went to a during one of our breaks. I saw
Hank Guerrero and he said he just stepped out because he had to go to the bathroom when he thinks it's probably about a three hour meeting today
Now what kind of a meeting use this who?
Who's involved in this?
Anybody who has some of the other promotions people who probably don't need to be in there, you know whoever just wants to go hang out for three hours
And they talk about the game
They're the dolphin one this weekend
Here's an email. It says hey, Neil the other day you made light of someone's request for nationalist support for particular congressional candidate
Actually was a senatorial candidate, Minnesota was Al Franken
This short pre-bite Daniel L's burgers a good example of how and why people including you should sometimes contribute to and to support keep
Aggressives in districts other than their own especially when the candidate in questions a long time personal favorite and is being targeted for defeat by the fascist plutocrats
Bob Wexler Bob Wexler isn't going to get beaten okay just relax calm down
Send him a whole bunch of money. He's great. He's one of my favorites to Bobby Wexler is not going to get defeated
And it's got a long long letter from Daniel Ellsberg of all people donate today to help keep Robert Wexler in Congress
You think Bobby Wexler's got any chance of losing you think that the right wing plutocrats are gonna
You think plutos are gonna get him out of there. I don't think so that maybe you're in this one
Don't be giving me no lecture about Al Franken. Oh, I don't think I can be on excellent. Give me a great statesman
How about what's your name Rachel Mano for president. She's a had a guy at least to get her off TV anyway
Oh, you're up. You can't believe you're putting down Rachel. She's so wonderful. Yeah
She's manly
Yeah, and she's just resectling
Why don't they just when they have over and on from like atel midnight and then replay it from midnight till four in the morning
You
Might not do that all right
He's the only he's the only thing they got he's MSNBC. He's that's it
And I'll tell you who really got screwed big time big time
Lester Holt
And you still don't know who that is do you? No get out of here
Lester Holt is a great newsreader man. He should be on the dim NBC nightly news not prime widems
Lester Holt. He's well. He's a black guy. You know, but he's like conflicted. He's very articulate
He's got a great balls. He boys
Do they?
You've seen Lester Holt. Why did every time I mentioned him you act like some kind of a dumbo. Okay
You don't know who that is nope
I'm checking up on here because if we still have 88 certificates left
I'm gonna be really
85 well, you're not giving me no update 81 now and you know something what part of the problem is this damn QAM.com
Yeah, you got a slight down a little bit, huh? Yeah, you got to kind of scroll down until it's out of the way
Yeah, because there's this drop down and the kicks are covered up the whole left side
You know something Josh Cortes. I'm gonna between you and clearance anybody in that building named Josh is gonna get it
81 that would be more of these sales guys doing that then quarter
I don't give a crap who it is he's the one that puts it together stick that drop down thing where the moon don't jump put it in the middle put it in your reinies
Always has to be covered up my face on there and what we're trying to do on the show
Whatever we try to do they diddle with the thing. That's probably what the meaning is all about that's right
How can we stick it to those bastards around between ten and two
They say all that crap about us. It's all true
Aaron Gupta. I wonder if I wonder our own is a kind to a doctor. So I'm a Gupta
You know dr. Gupta. Yes, he pooped
Was in rage as he learned the details of Treasury Secretary of Palsons playing the Fixed-D West Banking System with $700 billion in taxpayer funds
The 43 year old copy editor in freelance journalist who publishes his own alternative newspaper the independent needed the channel is
But couldn't find a live protest to attend so on September 22
He's sent an email to some politically active friends in New York within days
They'd planned a protest against the bailout in New York and an 80 other state locations in the US on September 25
Which is today? I
Couldn't sit back while this plan gets rammed through congresses Gupta
We live in a digital world, but change has to happen in an analog world. We married the two
The internet health has organized like wildfire. I see we married the two
Is written very poorly
Gupta now working with the online organization true majority doctor or says he expects hundreds possibly a thousand protesters
Convergent protest near Wall Street protesters planned to build a pile of citizen junk
That the government should also purchase in front of the iconic bullscooter. We haven't seen it on TV
They got some blonde bimbo there on CNN standing in front of the
somewhere
Much of the populist outrage against the bailout is building on the internet in blog post and websites
And not all the posters created by left wingers like Gupta the internet is now swirling with petitions
The baits border we on rants and fighting satare about Paulson's plan and its potential consequences
The calls to arms come from across the political spectrum from right wing enemies of taxes
To libertarians and left wing progressives they demand that Congress amend
Scaleback or scrap the plan altogether
The anger fueled much of the political theater in Washington this week
It's a democratic and republican lawmakers are working behind the scenes to put together that deal with Paulson and the Bush administration
They got to get that thing put together or are old funny. That. He don't want to show up for the debate tomorrow night
So they can cancel the VP debate and get Sarah off the hook for all time's sake so transparent
It's like looking through a painted glass. It's a pain in the ass like looking through a painted glass
79
79 left we sold 21
For a really great restaurant raisins food is sensational
Yeah, it's a Friday's that Thursday Friday Saturday
You used to be on X okay for those people are familiar with it because it's fairly new
And a lot of the people out there if it's fairly new. Oh geez. I don't know wild guess what it's great. It's a big place too
But it'll take some time we got a hundred in the cell we got 79 left
Right on wqm.com
And
Vinnie says first time email are very long time listener
How's this for your for a poll who makes you switch dials faster or shut off altogether? Dr. Phil Jim Rome Opera Rush Limbaugh
Gaudi the moman
Vinnie invocates is the above all make my skin crawl even gaudi
They'll be honest afternoon after the big
I'm sure your listeners can add to this list of Horace. Thanks for the years of laughter
I almost crashed my car laughing yesterday when you act to his worst joebell or Greg read and then you kept hitting the different laugh buttons forever
great bit
It's no laughing matter if any I'll tell you that right now. It's no laughing matter. It's enough to make a grown man cry
And we still can't get any you know feedback
Because your buddy there flea he's too busy sending me stuff about crap, you know
Oh
Charlie christ with his limp wrist hey is gonna. Yeah. Oh, hey the emotions being over
Maybe we can get spy report from Josh chorus
Josh quarters came in there looking for his check again. Is that it?
I think you came in here looking for some free food, but oh
While he's here let's go. Yeah, he's always snoring around he could he could give us a report about that meeting. Can't you?
Let's hear it. Which situates Dean
What do you want to know man?
Whenever happened in our promotions meeting. Yeah, did anybody bring up anything about like rejoins or something?
Rejoins our rejoins up here. No, if you tell me to flee
No, seriously if you tell me that flee
Didn't bring up the thing about the rejoins which that was his claim to fame
He was gonna be the one to have the balls to bring it up about why don't clearance do something to standardize the rejoins
So we know what tells going on. Uh, he didn't do it is what you're saying?
Um, that's what I'm saying, but I don't sorry if I'm throwing leon at the bus
But yeah, that wasn't brought up. Don't be sad. Listen. Can't anybody in that freaking station
Just give a straight honest answer without oh, well, I'm sorry if I'm doing this
I don't know
So they're either were you there for the whole meeting. Yes, I was not there. Hey management doesn't watch off for us
So we got to watch off for each other
word up
We're up the rest here comes lead. Oh, he comes lead. Yeah, we let's hear it flee
Yeah, that was a that was a separate conversation that I hadn't got shut down on quickly
What do you mean by that that means uh programming is none of my business. I'm the promotions director
That's what you were told
Yeah, basically programming is none of your business. That's right. I know you put on to that clearance
Yeah
The long pause there. Oh, he was off like watch out. I walked back to my man
Man, man, Clarence told me not to see anything
Man
The biggest name
The biggest name the best talent is the mad dog
Man, did you have to know in sport a seven sports radio five sixty QAM the sports leader just say some stands for nothing
Yeah, Clarence
Hi, Joe say uh, you don't have the meaning to talk to you about a little problem. We have here at the station
What's that? Oh, if we keep doing this sports thing, uh, we're not gonna have a station
Do you have any idea how many backs I've had the stab to succeed in a career? I know nothing about sports is my life
And it's not important to me what the audience wants. Okay. Okay. Oh, oh, oh
Listen to there's anything I can't do for you. Don't hesitate not to ask me
Why I know what I'm doing
What I'm doing? What I'm doing
I'm gonna continue programming this station for me and my boy friends gonna call Joe
Hi, Joe
What's it doing?
Glad you're out of jail
Find any new boy friends in the tunes
Oh
Say how about some fantasy fest football tonight
You there. Yeah, okay. I just I just put a wini in the
All of a sudden here the sounds of sounds that bit was too short. I'll say
So flee I mean we give them we give them some brownie points for at least making the effort right right
At least he had the ball is to bring it up wait first of all and he got put in this place by a little pipsqueak named Clarence
This is a programming you stick to promotions. This has got nothing to do with promotion
This is programming mind your beeswax. Yeah, see at least he didn't get laughed at like I always do whenever I try to bring something up
Yeah
And nothing
You know stay cool this football season yada yada yada every time I try to go to that thing there. It's all over my push
Mm-hmm
Anyway, where where did cordus go
We got 70 we sold 30 certificates. We've got 70 left for peasants. He's having some food
Well, come in the middle while he's having his food that his website is a piece of turd
Your websites of piece of turd cordus. He said thank you. I'm gonna go get my weaning 68
God
He said all the ads pay his salary so he loves him
Hmm
What what what all the ads pay his salary yeah, well good then I'm not gonna worry about that check then fine
Yeah
That's right
I was thinking of sending it out today, but you know something now that I see that you screwed us again
I'm Thursday. We only do this one day a week
And some weeks the sales department can't even sell no restaurant like next week. So we some weeks. We don't do it at all
So it's just once in a blue moon that we need access to that qam.com and you keep you know
You guys keep putting stuff on there. Oh usually it's Danny boy
He said Danny boy this and Danny boy that whatever Danny boy does he takes precedence over us
Yeah, he said it's not that wasn't his decision to put it there well it sucks and he tried to fight to have a move to over
But yeah bull crap
He said you love him. He wants to start that after I mentioned your check
I'm having some
French's mustard on my weener
And honey mustard
No, not honey mustard not not honey
That mustard honey yeah
Bob in California says can't listen to work with Kessie archives every night
Checking out your pool. How about that hack Jim Belushi living off his brother's career. I'll go along with that
Jim Belushi and Jerry Van Dyke somebody said
Speaking of a Rachel Maddo. Okay, speaking of Dyke with got man's hands. Oh quick pick it on poor Rachel
No, I'm I'm picking whoever I want to pick on how do you like that like that like that child
Quick pick it on Sarah
Peter
Pete and Bokas says I
Should be a reason these were my mouthful whatever what wouldn't be the first time
How many of you guys left 68 correct
Well, we'll get them we'll get her done. Maybe might take three tomorrow, but we'll get them done
And if not like I always say on these certificates
It's it's not like you're doing us a favor. We're doing you the favor
Especially during these really really tough economic times
And you can buy up to five of them by the way
Right yep
Now we're doing you we're doing you a favor Neil. We're doing you a favor. Yeah, okay. Don't do me any favors
Peter from Bokas is I find the timing of this economic meltdown a little suspicious
Makes me wonder if this whole mess wasn't part of a bigger plan
I really believe there are people tied to the bushes and the power elite
They must be thinking they're about to get away with the biggest heist in history a little too coincidental that the oil prices
Explode a few months before Bush Lave's office a little too
Coincident over housing bubble bursts
And all of a sudden bush gets on TV and begs for close to a trillion dollars
Hmm just like the trillion dollars that he peed away in Iraq
Besides the billions that Bush and his friends will make from the war and increase the oil prices now
They're gonna empty the treasure right before Bush heads off the Crawford
Neil I'm not much for conspiracies, but this is really starting to stink he says
This administration has no fear of being exposed or prosecuted
They've got away with so much without any repercussions time and time again. So I am not take it all
Just take it all
Now I'm speaking of taking money
He says one thing I've learned from your merkins are dumb as dirt and they're paying for their stupidity
That's right Pete
Now this morning I got an email not gonna say who was from because you told me oh don't do it. It would be very bad
Hey, whatever no, okay
But it was a request for a loan of four thousand dollars from somebody I don't even know yeah
What no, that's a new thing that's a new one on me
I mean the bank in Nigeria you know that's one thing. I don't know those people either but they're asking me for money
Well, he's actually called uh
Couple months ago asking for you George did he know you're already gone. Oh, and he wanted to ask if you had some money to lend him
Are you serious? I swear to you
I just told that
ah
Oh boy, actually I think he called I'm choking on the mushroom
Twice in three weeks. Oh, god
Hey
No, the really funny part was after I said that you didn't have any money you could lend him he's like oh well
Do you I'm like no brother. Sorry. I don't
Like I definitely don't trust me
Let it go. I'm leaving my weaning
No more bites
So don't feel bad. You know don't feel special apparently he's asking everybody
Really interesting that your reaction when it was you is a lot different than when I told you
It's funny because I don't have any money you see
So you do it's just sad that people with a lot of money, you know, beggars. They attract beggars people with a lot of money attract people
You know, I'm gonna put my mustard away while I think about how whatever
Places and how much you can give them so it's not funny. It's just sad when people when bums, you know
Bag from rich people. I mean, that's who you would beg money off of is somebody that has some that ain't funny
It's just sad and pathetic
But to ask you for me or me. Yep
Yeah, it literally cuz he called one day. It was like two thirty in the afternoon
And I'm like, I he's calling here stuff like I was like oh
I'm gonna leave it
And take it or leave him I really do like Bob McGowan. He's a great broadcaster, but the stuff he talks about is so
Tremorly boring. I can't watch it no more
Six right towards that off the ear
Every time I turn it on you're talking about golf writer cop and
This one and I was who's the Canadian golfer Mike Wears. Edden. I have no idea
I'm sorry. I just it's just ponderous man. It's boring
But what about the Keynes, baby the Keynes and bush dives. Bush dives that that Yehu Bush dives. He's in town now
And they're starting quarterback is injured in my right ques. They're like a little girls team now that they got no quarterback
Oh, that I have no idea. Maybe they can borrow Matt castle from the pants
Now if you were the Patriots wouldn't you go out and get another quarterback? I
Would have tried to yeah when you go out and sign like a real quarterback talk to
I tell me they got a couple there who Tampa Bay
How about Rajon Beck rhymes with Dreck a lot of them if you'd be a upgrade from Matt castle
I
Not castle. He sure looks pretty good, but he can't play with a schmoo
Get names the best talent
No projects
Think fourth leader
That talent
Yeah
Yeah
Message for you I can't stand on McCain
You are competing with the real
You
Try to fin minnym
The
Yeah
Pretty soon, chill hot, won't you tell the last girl?
We're running famous all the dollar bell
The yellow fricking winter played on TV
The whole of reaching where the tea no fake
She's at the GTA, the last fit in her Obama
Doesn't run with the Washington heard
That is the kind of man America needs to see us through the next four years
That's not what I heard
It's 1232 to 560, another email from somebody wondering
Has McCain suffered a stroke
Hmm?
Has he suffered?
Did he cancel the debate?
He sure didn't cancel his speech there in front of that bubble group this morning
With all those bubble miceys
Cornell says it's amazing how you and George can hit it on the head every day of the week
Do you know we get hit on the head every day of the week?
I do.
I feel like it
Maybe that's why I sprouted at the floater
Oh, they don't bother me that much, no more
I'm getting used to it
I wanted to let you know that I get to hang around a few young people, 20s and 30s, who are energized by the selection
Or they used to talk about nothing but women, sports, motorcycles
Now they're talking about this election
They actually text each other with, did you hear what Neil was saying today or are you watching MSNBC?
It makes my day that you're getting through to them
I'm turning the mind of the Neil Rogers show slowly but surely
Yeah, just like Jolly Jo Bell, he's expanding our audience slowly but surely very slowly and not very surely
Dimwit
Get Jolly Jo off his ass head of the sense of them reading diaries to the fellows in the hood
Says Cornell, he says Joyce Jolly Jo and Go Obama Go
And what do you know?
Thanks Cornell
What do you think?
You think that the McCain had a stroke?
Hmm
Hmm
Here's one from, oh this is this just this whole email makes me want to cry
In fact, people generally a lot of make me want to cry so many of them
What's that speaking of that bit I just played?
What's that play Jersey Boys about the four seasons?
Okay
Is that just here or is that on Broadway or what is that?
I don't know
Jersey Boys
It's about the four seasons in Frankie Valley
What was that song that that last parody was?
I'll Billie Joel, uptown girl
Oh uptown girl
Yeah, that was that I got to do with the four seasons
I don't know
Well, it's the same kind of thing that would be a falsetto voice in the whole deal
I know
Yeah
Hmm, well that was quick
Four seasons did that?
Not at all
Not that one but I bet you they done it
Double Veria
To do what?
That they did uptown girl?
No, I don't know
No
It just sounds like one of their songs, you know?
It's got that like I said
Yeah, big girls and five
Little drums, many drummers
Here's where he grew up
He used to be not to be confused with
Ragdoll, that's right
David another one
And even another one
I asked you first, Ronnie
Ronnie, Ronnie
I'll keep on giving and you'll keep on
There we go
It's just going
I'll go on living and keep on more giving me time
I was drumming, drumming and some crazy songs on the song
Now let it go
Oh, I was going to play one that I like
Sherry?
Yeah
I like Sherry
And the song too
I see
Oh Sherry
Sherry, baby Sherry
I can't believe it, you wouldn't play the drums for a while
You walk like a man
I always do
You're queer
You walk
Walk
Walk
I tell you the drummer, okay, I said enough
The drummer and the funk brothers, I forget what his name is
He just is great
Now, what song was it one of the Ben Harper songs they did?
He did two songs on that video
He did, I heard it through the grapevine
So definitely, I always, uh, the, um, stone song
Which one?
I don't know
You know
I'm thinking
At the end of it, the drummer, he just goes nuts on it
He's great
They're all great, the funk brothers
Standing in the shadows of Motown, everybody needs to go, uh, you see that
Yep
Buy the video, steal it, get the soundtrack
I'd play it if I could find the name soundtrack
Here, there's just got too much stuff piled up here
Was it dry?
Was it dry?
No
It was a temptation song, ain't too proud to beg
Oh
I mean, the stones did it too, but it was a temptation song
Stones ripped it off
Here's this very disturbing email
Remember I was talking about Hanson before?
Uh-huh
What is it with you people with the Hanson brothers, okay?
I can understand Canadians who are tend to be very silly people
Getting all whipped up about the Hanson brothers
And, um, what was that stupid movie Slavshot?
You know the Hanson brothers?
Nope
They did a really bad hockey movie called Slavshot about 100 years ago
It wasn't funny, they're not funny, they're annoying
So Nick, uh, not Nick, oh not Nick Noley, Dan from Erlen says
Met them in Indiana last year to minor league hockey game
30th anniversary of the movie Slavshot and they look the same, hard to believe
I wasn't talking about the Hanson brothers from Slavshot
I was talking about those ugly Martian looking kids, uh, Hanson from that music group
God, and then he writes
Walter Case was the best, he gets out of jail in the spring for stabbing his ex-wife soon
Walter Case may be the most troubled, uh, him along with Irvay Filion
The most, but even beyond that, because Irvay never rust stabbed his wife
The most troubled driver in history of harness racing
And this is the guy that he picks out
He's not driving now and hasn't in years, but this is the name he comes up with
As opposed to responding to the question
Dan, stay in Maryland, okay, stay in Ballamber
God, I'll see a Dover Downs in Delaware
Not, you know, once upon a time I think I was vacationing in Philly
Philly's not bad, it's just for good food
And I drove to Atlantic City and I was going to go to Dover Downs, it's in Dover, Delaware
Yeah
And I drove into Dover and I'm going to tell you something, I drove right out
I just kept on my rent a car, I just kept on driving
It was just one big slum, and I didn't see any, I mean, I don't want to sound like some old bigot, but I didn't see any white people
Not one
And you saw, I kind of felt like out of place, though, but you know what I mean?
Yep, it was a scary place
That doesn't mean that, you know, if you're in a Detroit, if you're in a place where it is like all black people
And you're the only white person within miles, that doesn't mean it's necessarily dangerous
But we white folks, we just sometimes feel that way
Am I right?
Right, I mean if Barack Obama would have been out there waiting to shake my hand, I'd have gotten out and meet in Greek
You know what would have been great, but there was nobody there who looked like Barack Obama
It looked like a really, really smart-me-place Dover, Delaware, I could be wrong about that
You ever been there?
Nope, why not?
I've been a Newark
Oh, that's just the idea I was going to say
What the hell?
The vast talents, you don't need no projects
Sport radio 560 QAM
The Fourth League
The biggest name, the best talent, it's the big O or Landu Eltergary
Afternoon, student awards
Sport radio 560 QAM
Yeah, the sports leader
If you blow too much, you're in trouble
Seed, huh, been waved
Seed, huh, been waved
With the Sarah Palin Funpatch Doll
Simply plant the burpees in the belly
And watch
A baby drops from the fun pouch of the adequate-looking mill
Then wave at the bar and country closest to you
To enhance your foreign policy experience
Hey, how are you?
They're gold
Even without the Z, the authentic likeness of the Sarah Palin Funpatch Doll doubles as a useful puppet
This is Sarah Palin Gritch and succulents and famines
The Sarah Palin Funpatch Doll
Another small town ideal toy
From Crystal Methlac
Club 45, when we got a cancel ed debate
Not the Monday morning, we got a cancel ed VP debate at all costs
We don't want Sarah up there where people can actually see what a moron she is
What a trailer trash dumb bitch she is
David Miramar speaking of dumb, they've got some help
Wait till you hear this email, Ken?
Sure had been loaded up with emails today
And it's true that this thing is like just catch it on like wildfire
Who did that song wildfire? Michael Murphy?
I think you're right. I'll be damned
I'll look it up. There's a one-hit wonder
Yeah
No, you don't have to look it up, I don't want to hear it
It's not a good song. Hey, that's Michael Martin Murphy to you
Michael what? Martin Murphy
What does that mean? That's his name, man
Just because you're chummy with him and unfamiliar terms that doesn't mean you can get his name wrong
I'll be damned on a public forum
I went to high school with a kid named Marty Schneider
Yeah, he killed himself
Anything to do with the weenies?
Kill himself, I see
Did he have the real shit?
Anything to do with you? No
Was it an unrequited love thing?
Really? Like you? Oh yeah
Maybe he jumped off the tall, hatchy bridge
With Robbie Benson
Go to the man
What was that movie?
Oh, Billy Joe
Oh, Billy Joe
I'm out of your country
So we could read a lost dog in a weather report on this earth
I want to be for this damn post comes up here
Oh my god
It's fun to start
I know
Step down
George stepped on Michael and Mark
Yeah, Mark Mosley Murphy
Dave and Miramar says
Hey, Neal, I've tried three different body washes
And found them to be a big waste W-A-I-S-T
A big waste of money
It takes a large amount to get a bubble
And almost impossible to rinse off
Not to mention the past plastic bottle being an environmental issue
I'll stick to lever 2,000 bars in a wash cloth
Using a bar so properly
You won't get any here on the bar
And it will not get slimy
After soaping up your wash cloth
Rinse the bar off and put it in a dry soap dish done
And by the way, body washes are gay
Gay, this is Dave and Miramar
Hmm, I think you're gay Dave and Miramar
You're either that are retarded
Like there's some like his rocket science
How to use body wash
And he's already using a cloth with his soap
A wash cloth
So why can't you smear some of the body wash on a wash cloth?
You idiot
Right, and it's hard to get a bubble
What does that mean?
Lather, I think, maybe he's what he's talking about
Hard to work up a bubble
I don't know
Well, let's work up a big bubble and put Sarah in there
So nobody can ask her any questions or get too close to her that bitch
And realize she is what she is
Oh my god
Don't let me forget to go out and get the inquiry today
So I can read the whole article tomorrow about how she was screwing her husband's ex-business partner
Okay
Tommy Tees says, kneels at Mir as Paul McCartney
Starting to look like Mrs. Doubtfire
I doubt it
Tommy, yeah, I saw him on the news for about two seconds this morning
You know what I thought was?
Retire
Who cares?
Paul McCartney, you know, he just turned 150
Well, he's had a tough time
You know, with that bitch ex-wife, he's all that stuff
That's what happens when you got money
Everybody wants a piece
Oh, I don't know you, you don't know me
But can I borrow $4,000?
And you're telling me I should keep my mouth shut about that
I didn't say who it was
Okay, whatever, you know?
But it's somebody I don't even know
I know, that makes it funny
I don't know the person I've never met them
I don't know from them, I don't, you know
God
The secret
I don't know anything about paling
Myth, I just got through reading this on the air yesterday
The myths about, I just got through reading it for Christ's sakes
If you want to pass the time, just do knock knock jokes from 10 to 2 it says
Oh, and it's got a whole bunch of really, no thanks
If you just want to pass it
That's not even mailing it in
326 votes, well, we have on the first one
We had almost 1100 I think
Christ, I'm checking now
It's only 1249, are you kidding me?
This is $10.79
We have what?
10.79
And 326
327
It's 14.06
We got a shot of 15 hundred votes today
I can't remember the last time we had a poll, 15 hundred bomb, it's two polls
But nevertheless, we cheat
We cheat, how are we doing on the certificates for our peasants?
63
So we sold 37, we still got 63 to go on, have a dqm.com
I think it's a lawsuit, I'm going to sue Josh Cordes
Instead of checking to me, he's going to get a lawsuit
Yeah
A subpoena
No, it's a great annoying, have you been on air?
Yes, and all about it, exactly what you're talking about
The thing keeps flying over a marble high course
Every time you turn around, they come up with some, there it is
Stay cool with football season, football season my ass
And of course there's Danny's picture, oh yeah, beat Dan
I'd like to with a stick, beat Dan
And then finally, that thing clears away and there's an open now, Neil's deals
You suck, Cordes, you think I've sent you a check?
You got about 10 chances of me sending you a check
And they all start with a zero, none
No, if he don't want to put the stories up there, I'll have Chris doing that
And you know what, I'll make sure I'll FedEx to check to Chris
All right, nice
I will, just as a way of getting even with Cordes for dealing with us
Oh well I can't do anything about it, then you're useless, okay?
Everybody in that place, just like Flea with the thing about the rejoins
I mean, it is not his department for can you have a civilized conversation with Clarence Dero
No
No, it's not your department, it's programming a but out you Torb
See, then we tell him the other day, we warned him
They're turning on him like a cornered rat, man
Yep, we did warn him
Because he is consorting with us and with this show and now he's on the QAM Schmitt list, baby
He is Mr. SH
Speaking of Clarence
Here's an email from anal
Y'all, I wish I could read the last name that they use on this email's Q
Yeah, is it pro? I can't, no, I can't do it
I can't even come close
I'm troubled by some of the recent goings on with the McCain campaign, it almost looks as if they want to lose
First wall street spirals out of control and then George Will and Chuck Crouthammer
Among other among others, writes, skating articles about how McCain is unqualified to be president
Now McCain wants to post voter marauds debate to focus on the economy, he's trying to lose
Is it possible to be public in his want Obama to win with the attendance saddling him and his party with the blame
For the upcoming great depression
In all likelihood there is no quick end of this mess if somehow Obama wins by 2010
The GOP will come back with a new contract on America and trick the public into giving Republicans control a Congress
Effectively, dooming the second half of Obama's presidency
With Obama and the Democrats effectively demonized the homeschooled flag waving crowd
The'll crawl out of their caves, teng to their guns and bibles and both the Republicans into power for the next 12 to 20 years
Good gravy, Ainal says, I hope I'm wrong but I wouldn't put it past him
Country first, my ass, love the show, Neil don't ever change, sign Ainal
And if I held onto that for a while would that make me Ainal retent it?
Yeah it would
Glad you made that choke
No it's weak
It's better than there's knock knock too
All this thinking about making it but I was too scared
Oh and wait till you hear this more of that
Waaah, Waaah
Oh this is that idea of Gary and New Orleans Gary just go away already okay I'm gonna start deleting your messages you bug me
G gold bard, Gary gold bard in New Orleans
Sounds Jewish
Yep they're allowed Jews in New Orleans
K-John maybe he's a K-John Jew
K-John Jew
Haini last week I asked to hear the old bit ground control to major Wong and you and George both in remember correctly
George thought it was ground control occernal Glenn and you played a few seconds of that
Trust me there was an old and great bit used to play frequently
It's also a parody of David Bowie's song Ground Control to Major Tom but it's about a Chinese restaurant
And starts out ground control to major Wong
Yeah I don't think so
Well when he mails it to us then well nobody's talking about
Yeah please try to find that bit and play it it's hilarious no hope you knew format is working well
You have separate credits like huge Gary
You trashed my lengthy email from last week concerning politics I guess it was too long and ponderous
Yeah just like this one Gary you also commented I was only sending emails so I could hear him read on the show
Daw isn't at the point
Of course people send them to hear and read them on the show with your comments or reactions etc
What also be the point of sending them if not to hear them just to kill some time
Anyway, you're still the best I'll be listening to the bitter end of matter what after 25 years
I'm still addicted don't forget ground control to major Wong Gary New Orleans and still alive
God
We hit him with five shots and he's still alive
Oh my god, oh wait to hear this one. This is the best
This is the piece of resistance from a guy named Bill Ames not Willie Ames
Y'all remember that show with Scott Baill and William
Sure, Charles Charge yeah, Charles discharge Scott Squats and Willie Ames
Neil I thought you'd be interested in conversation with the SPN's Ivan May Zell about the age old argument
Who's overrated and who's underrated in college football
You'd love to see
May Zell's new book the may Zell report college footballs most overrated underrated players coaches teams and traditions
May Zell's rankings are sure to raise some eyebrows among fans of some of those prestigious college football programs in the coming
Yeah, but what would gerk gerk gerk gerk streets say about that
Now listen to this
My cell isn't available and if you on the nea Roger show to discuss the book of my he ranked players coaches and programs the way he did
Please let me know when you'd like to have mom and show and I'll coordinate all the details with him and send you copies of the book
I look forward to speaking with you soon best bill aims publicist for triumph books
Oh, I can't do that
Just imagine all the mausoleid have if I had bill may Zell
The biggest names
You're listening to sports radio
60wQam
Oh
Hello
My grow up
I want to be just like Jim Skyline with the $30 keyboard
Bb
I wouldn't need to find a fancy bat Nuriko
Microphone and can't make wheel to you
Maybe the ever
like focal prime has better equipment but even sound
oh and I grow up I want to be just like your skyler
then I wouldn't have to spend my day here comes my cello
I wouldn't have to spend my day here
I think that sounds just fine
whatever happened to Jim Scholar dead or alive
no idea what happened to George?
no idea
no tell me he's rejoicing maybe it's a command performance
that would be a triple header today for poor Joyce
George whatever's name it
George and Joyce
Joyce and George
Becky said Neil God I listen to the archive shows when I work out of the gym every day
without you and George I'd be a whale of a girl
so thank you for the great entertainment
aside from the ass kissing
I'd like to know your opinion on a homeless like myself
getting legally married
my longtime girlfriend and I plan to get married in California next year
we live in Atlanta where gay still get beat up outside of gay bars
part of me feels good about it but the other part says
don't be a sucker in join the head or hell of legally binding marriage
I think I know what George would say
Becky says
Neil you often put an interesting twist on matters
and we just curious what you think
sorry in advance if this is super boring
much love to you guys
it's Becky
thanks Becky but I don't I don't give people personal advice
I mean like strangers you know
I will say a fool in this money or soon parted
here comes the bunny and ergoes your money
to my sources
a judge or George is joisin
I can't separate the two all of a sudden for some reason
there's synonymous
Shirley says I don't know how long it's been since you've been there
or what part of fill you visited
but let me tell you from experience it's a toilet
oh this is years ago
years ago Shirley
I lived there for over 20 years before I came down here
it's full of drug addicts and crime
I would hear gunshots almost every night
oh let's go for the last one call
also I hope when you went to Lanark City
you didn't step off the main strip either
other than Los Angeles
Atlantic City was the only other place I've ever been
where I could you could almost smell fear in a year
I remember I parked
I went to Casino
and I parked in the parking garage
and when I walked out to look for the
a rented car in the parking garage
I was like terrified
oh yeah
and I wasn't even out on the streets
you know I was just in the parking garage
how long since you've been there?
oh it's a long time years
I was there two years ago I guess
with Eddie Kay
and I think it's right around
seizures I guess it is
they're really rebuilding everything
and it's like you know new shops
everything looks really nice
but literally if you go two blocks
even off the main road
if you're like two blocks off of it
it's still you know the old look in
and you just you don't want to go there at all
so yeah
scummy and slimy
and smarmy
George is still out
hours
oh no I've been here
oh my
you're in this conversation
did I miss something important?
I was just talking about
I got an email about
Philly being a toilet in the
Atlanta City
also
and I reprise my story
about going to a casino
and Atlantic City many years ago
and going to get my rented car
in the parking garage
and feeling
just the smell of fear in the air
just as a scary police
I just know what those people that walk around like you know looking over my shoulder, but we just oh yeah, I'm scary
There was the smell of fear in the bathroom just now. No, I don't think that was fear
Mm-hmm, and I think the smell of fear is outside the bathroom
Be afraid be very free to smell that's inside
I don't understand what's going on with you man George show up about 20 minutes
I ate something last night don't ask me what it was because I don't remember
Yeah, like it had an effect well because I woke up today not being able to stop doing that so
What else that
Rhymes with that
Shmat yeah, scat cat. Ah, what
Scan man brothers dead
Look at that stay cool as football see that that thing is just an abortion
I'm suing quarters
And he purposely is on Thursday. He knows this is the day we do our thing every week and he purposely and I'm gonna tell you who else needs to be beaten to a pulp is
Duff I
Mean Duff is one of the few people we got on our side in the building. Thank God, but um, you know, this is his baby
63 we still got that that's pathetic. Oh
There's Barney Fag
That's
Are you heard it from both parties there?
Democrat and Republican they're holding a live news conference on the hill there you heard it
They say they have a plan they are going to respond to the president with regard to this federal bailout plan
They believe it'll pass the house the Senate be signed by the president Ed Henry real quickly
We're still not hearing when though when they will do that and if and obviously it is it's up to the
All three parties here to sign off let me read the tea leaves been around long enough to tell you once they
Democrats are Republican start patting each other on the back. They're pretty close to finally passing
Yeah, they're all they're done. Maybe it's not an hour. McCain is gonna have no excuse to avoid that debate to sign step at the
Mar or night, which means next week the vice presidential debate is gonna take place
Unless of course, yeah, he's got a hang nail great or son is consummating a big drug deal up there in Alaska and
He's mommy to come up and write a check
Jeff and Boi and Beats it or maybe maybe the daughter is like you're giving birth to triplets or something
One of them white one of them black and one of them yellow
They like to spread it around
Jeff and Boi and Beats has recently heard you mentioned Joey Reynolds on your show actually you can thank Joey for my
Liston ship to your show
One day I heard him speak of now Rages Fag on here at W.I.O.D. out of curiosity. I tune you in and I'm still here
20 years some years later
Your show is like a great soap opera extremely entertaining your show is the only redeeming feature and living here in this toilet that is out Florida
Also, I enjoy that he then George when he fills in I know this is another of those boring suck job emails
But it's the truth nothing boring about it Jim. Look it would look away Jeff
Keep up the great work of telling it like it is if you're looking for a youthful ward. I'm available
A youthful ward
Which of course I know you're trying to find it to he was just ward not as pedophile. I'll beat you to it this time
Kid how we doing on the pool there
Did we add Jerry van Dyke adding enough?
You're adding it now. Yeah
What the hell are you talking about you're adding it now? It was like an hour ago. No, it wasn't
Melissa Rivers oh, yeah, oh daughter
Yeah, the daughter what's her name again Melissa? Oh, Melissa the daughter too. Oh
It's Joe but wait a year this one
I
It's very short, but I'm gonna print it out because I want to make sure that my eyes aren't deceiving me all right
I know that there were a lot of um
How can I be kind
I don't know who are a little bit slow yeah, it's about the four seasons
Okay
It's printing out right now
Well, one of the songs you played all right
Here it is
Deer Neil thanks for playing cherry baby
Mm-hmm that was the number one song when I was born. I wonder what was the number one song when George was born
I won't ask what the number one song was when you were born
I don't think Edison invented the photograph yet cherry baby C.H.E.R.R.Y. It's not cherry
It's cherry with an S you idiot Warren
No Edison invented the photograph yet yeah
With an IQ like yours Warren I won't ask any more questions cherry baby
Cherry cherry baby. Yeah, oh
My god
Here's one from a guy
I need hope you're doing fine. I'm currently away from South Ford
I haven't been able to listen or catch up on the wicked web. I miss hearing the show a lot and yes George too
Don't you love the way they put you in there like they don't want to leave you out. It's fine. Thank you
Yes, I appreciate that remember uncle Miltees on Alton Road next to the epic here. No, I sure don't
My grandfather Joe Cole gold for our brand the place him and his friend Alfie used to run numbers back then
I was just a kid but when he was older he had a lot of interesting tales to tell me he told me he met you
I almost met you in a Marlins game
But was too scared to talk to you you were with a big guy probably fat rich sitting on the first base side
Anyway, I know this might be a weird email
But I just had to get my face and tell you you're appreciated every day for the hard work and being honest also not for not being a sellout
We're extremely lucky to have you in George life is what we learned from other people in our own experiences
We can all learn a lot from you guys. Thanks and have a good one
I wish I had a good one but nevertheless
Thanks Jay whatever your name is
Lots and lots of stuff pouring in on there in spite of them. Oh, no, we like Neil interacting with the colors
I'm your friend. I'm your friend
Four or five hundred times a day right
Despite all their best efforts to destroy the show and like drive us off the year. Guess what we're still here

looks as big Joe rose
16 
In red
a long long time ago
He was
was just a lad of nine and no one knew what was in store just ended this
Spanish American war so they ported like it was 1899 there were events that
made you shiver but there were times we did deliver a promise that was kept
with that famous one small step I can't remember each event or everything that
man did invent a century we were present and this is how it went
my my how the time it did fly since it started some departed man it is we
did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in
the blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by it all started when two
guys were right when they put in their plane into light and the start of radio
signified had his mom to think and quantum theory and max plank and the
Titanic that story we all know well world war one it soon began with shooting
arch to Francis Burton and millions died from the flu and last thing it was
brand new and then brought Shahad each revolution and a mark connected both
of the oceans monopolies we won't see again a hundred years gone by and we
were singing my my how the time it did fly since it started some departed
many years we did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all
happened in the blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by it now we
did his relative a teen a mass produced a new model T and Lumberland did
near Paris then some moldy red gave penicillin wall street and the great
deep ration and women would vote like you in the and Germany's chancellor was
sworn in and world war two would soon begin made your ribs offering land the
project minutes and evolution trial in Tennessee we caught a first look at TV
and the day that lives in infamy on three years gone by and we were singing my
my how the time it did fly since it started some departed many years we did cry
for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of
an eye a hundred years have gone by Franklin Winston they were soon be
winning starting with the day invasion but at what an appalling cost in Russia no
one did the frost in Germany they find these laws discovered the horrors of
the Holocaust that man little boy and all the gay changed the whole world on that
very day me know had just begun and trying to rule by the city town the first
player in baseball that was black Israel got their homeland back Massachusetts
selected Jack you can't read you can't buy and we were singing my my time it
did fly since it started something part of many tears we did cry for the century
it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the blink of an eye a hundred
years have gone by separate for equal made such a bus roasted to tide when on
the bus holy oh cured with the vaccine in Russia get us big time with spot
Nick our troops into Korea quick discovered the double helix scheme
all JFK left us way too soon but promised to get us all to the moon you
re his first in space yet the pill we did it grace and the French
ship said and climbed into the night cubus missiles gave us quite a fright
southeast Asia is on to fight a hundred years gone by and we were singing my my
other years they did fly since it started something part of many tears we
did cry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the
blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by
Niels giant step was the big news you got rovers way gave women right to choose
Nixon resigns about water gates got the troops at a Vietnam had hostage is
taken by Iran and a virus made us too scared to go date a test to babies held
the loft some guy named bill started Microsoft you're fairly Chernobyl explosion
the Berlin wall gets broken the USSR says goodbye some students in China they did
try seven died in the Florida sky a hundred years gone by and they were singing my
my have a time to do fly since it started some deported many tears we did
dry for the century it's time that we say goodbye it all happened in the
blink of an eye a hundred years have gone by I'm dying on the wheel was singing my my
how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry
for the century it's time that we say goodbye cause a hundred years have gone by
oh well I'm back I made it back for plenty of time to spare I knew you would 123
at 560 being the old pro on the John that I am and I'm the old uh mm-hmm run down
the hall and make a quick run back of course it's not very far here I got the
guest he room right across the doorway here for me but I don't use that one I save
that for important guests if I ever have any 381 votes on the poll who's the best
example of nepotism George W. Bush 257 Bush Jr.
to respelling 41 Luke Russell 22 Sophia Coppola 19 Brooke Hogan 11 Michael Powell 10
Jamie Lynn Spears 6 Jamie Lynn that's her name is Chris ought to know I think it is
Jamie Lynn Spears Jeremy Shab for Ashley Simpson 3 boy can she belt one out or not
oh Nicholas Cage 3 keep for settling to Chad Lowe 2 Robert Downey Jr. 1 and none yet
formalist of reverse jury of and like or Joaquin Phoenix I guess they must think Joaquin
Phoenix is a great actor is he good actor uh he's old whatever weak yes why sometimes
it's okay and sometimes it's not really yeah he ain't no river penis then huh no now
beside of them stand by me which he was a little kid but what other movies was
River Phoenix in that we like he was in oh that we liked yeah that we let us
why I did that real fast that we like that was like about to open up my mouth let me close it again then
yeah none I'm done what do you say Chris River Phoenix movie what um
hmm none sneakers was good sneakers yeah that was like a CIA type thing had a
Robert Redford I think it was in it now what's the movie I'm supposed to watch with Leo
the departed the departed I'm I'm writing it down the departed have farted
okay the departed yeah I seen it sneakers was a Robert Redford Sydney Poetier
David David straight hair oh that one he on the other day he was on our podium Dan Acroid
it was a good movie it was funny River River's penis Mary McDowell yeah River Phoenix yeah
what else he was in now wasn't that in Johnny Deft's bar in LA or did I make a mistake about that
I think that's what who was a part owner used to be a part owner or something yeah he owned the bar
where River Phoenix got some bad crap and croaked he got some bad goods man I think George had
something to do with it too well I had some bad goods last night did you yeah no you had you had
some good beds no it was it was Wendy's you had Wendy's yeah I love Wendy and I had the chili see
yeah oh no oh yeah wow uh huh what's also yeah oh he was also a young Indian Indian Jones on the last
crusade little Nikita was a bunch of other stuff oh my god that's basically so I mean
okay wow unbelievable
well I think about that chili George I don't know the Roger
comes out 20 if it was in fourth leader
the best talent it's the mad dog
sports radio 560 QAM the sports leader I want to bang in the butt
today on TMZ workers filed out of Lehman Brothers with a history of their careers in their arms
the investment bank filed for bankruptcy Sarah Palin banking firms are going bankrupt houses are
going into foreclosure if you are in the White House what would you do to get the economy back on
its feet do things better okay that's good could you be more specific we must do whatever it takes
more specific we have got to have all options out there on the table and what are those options
whatever it takes what there have been mistakes made right there have been flunders along the way
and what would you do differently we must do whatever oh please okay I'll ask you a really
simple question is Russia close to Alaska yes you can actually see Russia here in Alaska oh I can't
wait give me my binocs 131 at 560 WQA and Paul from Tampa says don't listen to those morons who
email you about the lack of color interaction know the moron who says that the most I think is
probably jolly joe that was always says well the people while wanting to hear your interaction
with the colors that's what really makes the show kneel and those tapes too these are the same
idiots they call and say john by retire and I'm your friend half the time the only interaction
that you have with the colors is simply giving them the well deserved dial tone I'm really enjoying
the email or interaction a lot more thanks for the laughs is Paul and Tampa how do you like that
and I agree and a response on our website is phenomenal it's way up and and I'm happy I'm happy
camper I feel like I've got my life back no thanks to Joyce or jolly joe or clearance how do you
like clearance if I was flee out of smack them either I'd have just this just knocked them right out on
his ass right what kind of a stoddy comment is that you know you're in a promotion to what I
would have expected it's what I expected him to get or or laughter I mean it's a legitimate
point and even flee who used to be a pd it like a real radio station somewhere while
along in the past even he says he never heard of such a thing where the a formatics are so screwed up
where nobody knows when the damn rejoin ends and which one it's going to be and these sports freaking
leader yeah it's a bunch of crap is what it is I could understand if this was like a clearance
as first day on the job I mean look how long it's been since he stabbed the a former pd in the back
of moth and took his job and sent moth on it off in it to go out and try to sell how we doing with
the certificates by the way tubby let me refresh it 16.53 still oh still 63 that's not good
for peasants food is great just your boy Troy Brown's retiring finally really not one more not one
we we can ill afford to lose him yep come on today why not a little while ago no no talk about
defenseless but nevertheless who the Patriots played this week I see the fish off they're also off
yep oh thank god oh happy day it's gonna be a good weekend no see I don't make my my my life my
days my weekends my weekdays they aren't based on whether a team I like wins or loses or what's
wrong with you yeah I'm not a sports nerd I'm a fan leafs lost to Pittsburgh exhibition game
last night three to two all better kill myself you know like that no a bio yeah and the other
question but how do you think oh here you go hockey talk on the national hockey league network
here's Weldon in Texas oh and talk about a stiff what's that kid's name from oh my god they used to
play for the Panthers and then play for Dallas and the Leafs sign them for about a billion dollars
a stiff Nicholas Agman stiff stiff why don't they just ask me I know I know my stiffs when I see
them you know what I mean what do you mean Ralph one of our really chronic e-mailers but a good guy
says Charlie Sheen's son and the arcant family especially the confused one I'm think I guess
he's talking about our pole today nepotism Charlie Sheen has two sons he does Martin Sheen
wait no Martin Martin's the Martin Sheen yeah he's confusing me is the father right who's
Charlie Sheen is one of the sons and Emilio Esterves is the other one as the bird used to say
yes Emilio Esterves why would he say that what because he could oh because he was a goofball I see
he don't be knocking the bird okay uh-huh just because he's dead and he can't speak back remember after
I got him off the show at the I had Disney can his ass at iod and he came in and he went into the
that little what was that booth like a news booth yes and he didn't come in my studio and sit
down at the at the desk with me he went in there and went on the year remember that
while I wasn't bored of being the show in those days I heard about it though
I mean that was just he was one of those people who wouldn't take no for an answer it was like when
we did the shows that as you went in Tampa yep and this was long after he was no longer on the show
am I right right and you know and because he lived over in Lakeland or whatever and so you know
I was figured to be a hoot to have him come in on the show one or two days we were over there for the
whole week he showed up every day every day I don't want to say he overstayed his welcome a little bit
but he showed up every day he was good though on Zeta he was good we had a good show
hey you know who we're missing who's that Chris Penn so I'm Penn's brother yeah Chris Penn
yep good choice oh no speed up your PC what is this it just popped up just out of nowhere
you and a blue speed up my PC system overview it's analyzing my system performance right now
and of course every time these things pop up and they analyze your system oh my god your thing
is so slow it's so bad and you're like that right yep because they're trying to pedal you some
crap no I I did a little servicing on my PC last night I defra I defragged it defragged it yeah
Paul spotted this on the guardian dot CO dot UK site and thought you should see it
and it's a long long article John save all these long political articles okay please
please
oh it says is the bar where he owed deed and it doesn't say what it is oh the viper room thanks
that's where we were penis owed deed and he died he died he was no big deal I mean he was our
no he was a good guy he's a vegetarian I think see there what it'll kill you yeah that's why he
died who was doing a lot of drugs because he wasn't getting this oh wow what what no we know
who else were missing whoa Latoya Jackson right okay whatever Jesse says wanted to let you know
I'm 25 years old a long time list since my father started to listen to when we lived in the Florida
Keys now I listen you for my office in Philadelphia just wanted to challenge those
his previous assertion that Philly is a haven for drug dealers and the gang violence I grew up in
South Florida went to college in Philadelphia area and while when an intellectual enlightenment
see these keep chopping off and the right but you never know that that's I told you Philadelphia
changed dramatically since Ed Randell was the mayor and other wing does the city have a great
nightlife but the educational opportunities are unraveled in the country except maybe Boston
Jesse it is a very progressive area as John McKee will probably collectively we see four votes
from the entire area it's a happening place and it's proximity to New York and other great
Northeastern cities it's such a charm that I can only hope that people stay away a great American
city thanks for the last go Obama your mama says Jesse thanks Jesse yeah I like Philadelphia
and lots of pretty people there too man lots of really really smoldering people in Philadelphia yeah oh
yeah well what do you wouldn't you go and yeah you never been there why I knew a girl from Philadelphia
oh there are some real pretty people in Philadelphia oh
yeah
oh
you don't have to do it on the average
4th grade you'll 560 QAM
I think 4th leader
so you think it's a back talent
if that's the D.A. Joe
wing nights for being to 11 here I go
4th grade you'll 560 QAM
the sports leader oh thank you
you call that a format
good timing
Anderson Pocos for the cold
and Ivana Trump
let me try
10th
10th
boy
Latoya
with your telebook
exposing the Jackson family
you're a crew
what
but naked and playboy
you beard all for some cash
you're more suited for the inquirer girl
your trash
all the dirt
all the Jackson's you tell
Michael and his monkey juicy style
with all his weirdness you make my scene normal
girl just shut up
10th boy Latoya
devil less and lame
trying to make a sleazy book of your family's name
oh
oh yeah that Anderson Pooker now
who did you say Gloria Vanderbilt is his mommy
that's her
hey Anderson
you fairy
he is so boring and so bland
but they try to make him into a big superstar
you know because mommy's got a lot of money
got no one for you
yes
Pereth Hilton
oh oh she's the winner
she might give W run for the money you know it
she'll zoom up to second in no time
hands down my pants
Jay says what do you know about this T-bone
pickens guy
and his natural gas wind power energy plant
I see advertised on tv
I think he's got his thumb right on it don't you
T-bone T-bone pickens
I think that
what's the catch is this guy legit
yes he is and he made $1,000,000 in the oil
business
all I know about him it says he used to be a big
planet oil industry
he was a player
also did you get a good look at McCain lately
no I still like to eat once in a while
I lose my appetite when I see old insane McCain
I think I hear some other people saying he looks like he had a stroke
half of his face is frozen
maybe that's why they're trying to postpone the debate tomorrow maybe he's
stroked out shameless request for
read a book read a book read oh no you get upset when I play that
no I don't even though that was your greatest piece of editing in history
oh my god do it yeah
it was brilliant
this is a boy he might
see how you do songs with like books and concepts
right
okay
not a magazine
whoa
so yeah
jesus
fuck
i'm not a magazine
Re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot
Re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-
R-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-bot, re-a-

I will shout at any by the little George that would have been your greatest contribution to the moon race
It was the labor of love. I'm sure and guess what Chris one more votes two more votes. We got 1500 for the day all right
We're 418 on this marginal one about nepotism. I think this poll is pretty good about nepotism
1497 all together
Shocking. Oh, but you're gonna the callers are what makes this show Neil the call. I'm your fan. Yeah blow it out your ass
God
Or take an apple pie from Mickey D's and stick it up there
Mike says I think one of the things people like best about your show is how you rail on management
You say all the things that they would like to say about their boss
Was there a point when you first started to do that management wanted to fire you before they realized that the ratings
It brought or did you get to them first before you started tell them you were gonna do it as a stick so they wouldn't fire you
Oh, yeah, I want the management said I'm gonna rip you on air is that okay? Come on Mike
You think anyone warned Joe Bell about it before he came down
Or does he know or think it's just a stick? I don't care what he knows or thinks because in his case
It's not just a stick believe me
See that you were doing well most of this until you got to that part. It's just stick. It's that I
Couldn't make up the kind of stuff that they're doing to this place especially jolly Joe and clearance and Joyce
By the way, did I mention that the unmentable one got disbarred and floored earlier today?
Did I miss you did oh
Long overdue better late than never too much hanky spanky baby for too many years God
I don't really recall when I started with the management, but once you start getting the big numbers I
Think it might have been an I and Z
In fact, I'm pretty sure it was at Zeta
When when mommy who owned the station made the son-in-law Tim Williams the general mangler. Oh my god
What a moron what a oh don't rip beyond remember what we went to IOD or when I would know you would remember
no and
Disney passed along a very humorous request from Tim Williams. Oh my kids. I have teenage kids
They listen to the show and kneels ripping me on the air and all the kids are you know too bad?
Like I'm gonna stop ripping him on the air and ripping him the ass
He's so richly deserved because his kids are taking crap in school because their daddy's a dodo bird
And I'm sure that they realize their daddy's a dodo bird right of course
Kids are not stupid 15 oh here Shamwa wait a minute or dry
This is for the house the car the boat the RV
Shamwa holds 20 times its weight and liquid look at this. It just does the work. Why do you want to work twice as hard?
Doesn't fit doesn't make a mess
Bring it out you wash it in the washing machine made in Germany. You know the Germans always make good stuff
You can cut it in half. There's one is a bath mat
Train your dishes with the other one. You don't want as a towel. You know why you're right
They use it as a towel. Look at completely dry. You've never seen this Shamwa, huh?
No, I mean, I'm just I'm just arbitrarily on you know
City post 24 here to check in the time to make sure we get out of here on time
Which is one thing we do we can read the clock? We know when to take the breaks
We know when to get the hell out of here and say goodbye. We know when to say hello. It's that time you know like that
Things that have to do with radio clearance
The greatest day of my life is when you call and report to me that somebody finally had enough and just sliced his head off
No, and I'm gonna instruct you to send it up
I'll give you the head
No, I want to keep it. Yeah, I'm my man
I think fourth leader
The biggest man is the big Alps or Landuels to Gary mornings five to seven sports radio five sixty five
You am the sports leader
It's day oh
Miami town
At five six oh WQ
Lost my shirt when the market went down I'm worth less than a clown man that dropped really hurt
Almost broke I can't afford a steak now
I ain't shaking bake my savings up in smoke my stockbroker
Crack like a girl I barely understood candy
When he said you lost your last penny
I'm so screwed. I'm waving the white flag. They record my new Jagged poppin of Khraloo
My wife's gone they foreclosed on my whole maven's wife my com took the grass from my lawn
My stockbroker cried like a girl I barely understood candy
When he said you lost your last penny
Everybody is feeling the pinch things to flip in barrel
Have to move back into my mother
Because of the leaving brother
I got came there's a big bad zero in my portfolio
This is not what I plan I used to be
Had a nice golden top in a big country club now my life's gonna do
My stockbroker cried like a girl I barely understood candy
You lost your last penny
Bye bye bye the biggest names the best
Calif
Your home for Miami Dolphins football
All trimimana
Terrey
Bondi
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
