No person in this park on would have reproduced the topic of special permission at WQAM
be the bridegroom.
Yeah, that's on the panel there almost militant there.
You're being a slave.
How about you bringing me?
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami for the Latter Day.
New York.
Yeah.
And investigation of the drinking water supplies of two dozen major metro areas has found
a place in the pharmaceutical drugs in the water.
What if that didn't work out?
It all came out of our tap from the lake to my home.
My blind drank all those medications.
Now you should see the sea life.
Boy, it's becoming my bed.
Too much estrogen building rounds.
The drugs just won't do our blood.
We picked them out and then we found drugs in the water.
All right.
They will get you high.
I'm not using this phone.
I'm using drugs in the water.
Do I look like I need more drugs?
Yes, matter of fact, 10 to 1 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Thursday to you.
This is the first day of spring.
Sure.
How are we going to hear, man?
No.
Are you going to hear some beeping and puke in the back?
Because I tried to fix it.
I have to pull it for tomorrow.
And that was a good suggestion we got yesterday.
And then I screwed it up.
And so I tried sending it again.
And of course, the fast line was busy because of me.
So I'm going to automatically read dial every few minutes for like 85 bucks a try.
Well, we'll get through it.
I bet you're pardoned.
I'm going to be just rolling ahead of time.
Because if you wonder, what's all that noise in the back?
Of course, you can't hear it anyway.
Even when the sirens are like practically coming to the radio, you can't hear it.
So not a problem.
We got a dead guy.
We always like to get to the website of the way at the beginning of the show.
So that's good.
And Chris tells me that there's nobody there.
Right.
That's a good thing because our last two days on our website,
man, it looks like there's nobody there.
And it's a good thing that even though it's Thursday today, we have no restaurant deal for you.
We'll have another one next week.
We got no two for one deal today because don't say it.
Don't do this.
They're out of business.
We set new lows in history of the business this week here at QA.
And then nobody seems to care about it either.
That's the best part.
Like you think somebody would say, well, Andy said this or this one said,
oh, something, but no.
Why should we care?
Why should we change in that?
You're always on straight.
Paul Scofield is dead.
Who?
The towering British stage actor who won International Famine for Anne McCatamy awards for the film,
A Man For All Seasons has died.
Oh, that's nice.
You know who that is?
Yeah, well, I saw that movie.
No, he's 86.
He died yesterday in the hospital in his home in Southern England.
He had been suffering from leukemia.
Scofield made few films even after the Oscar for a 66-4th Trail of Tutor Statesman Sir Thomas Moore.
He was a stage actor by inclination and by his gift to a dramatic craggy face and an unforgettable voice that was lucked into a rules Roy starting up,
or the rumbling sound of low organ pipes.
Oh.
Even his greatest screenwool was a follow-up to a play the London stage production of A Man For All Seasons in which he started for nine months.
Scofield also turned into performance in the 61-year production at one of his extraordinary reviews and a Tony Award.
With kind of a weary magnificence in Scofield,
synced himself into the part studiously under plays it and somehow displays the inner mind of a man destined for St. Hood,
Time magazine said.
Actor Richard Burton once regarded as the natural air-tour Sir Lawrence Olivier,
and John Gilgwood at the summit of the British Theatre, said it was Scofield,
who deserved that place of the ten greatest moments in the theatre, eight are Scofields, he said.
How do you like that?
Scofield was an unusual star, a family man who lived almost his entire life within a few miles of his birthplace
and hurried home after work to his wife and children.
He didn't seek the spotlight, he'd interviewed him sparingly at the time, seemed to need coaxing the venture route,
even out of the stage he loved.
He's now dead.
He won't be venturing out again.
Right.
Isn't that the way it works?
A man for all seasons, I'm going to take my hat off, wait, I ain't wear it one.
No.
Take off while at least put a Yarmulkan for Christ's sake.
I got that stack over here, it's a good room tonight.
Isn't it tonight that's sundown as a forum?
Yes it is.
Luckily I never had a chance to go out looking for a home entage in yesterday.
That is lucky.
I did get a chance to go out and see I lied.
I said that I'm never going to play the dollar Wheel of Fortune, it would blind again or anywhere else.
Yeah.
Because it's a sucker bet.
And I went to yesterday, it was their 50 minutes I played and I got a spin for a thousand bucks and I ran on it.
I want 11 hundred bucks.
Good.
Good.
Just goes to show you, you know.
I don't care what anybody says.
You people in that business are liars.
You know what I mean?
No.
What do you mean?
I mean that they're, they, they, look, you know it's one of the side of it.
Everything now, the sophistication of computerized equipment is staggering.
Yeah.
Am I right?
Right.
And I'll put it in control almost anything.
Right.
The science is amazing.
I also know that nobody's in business to not make a profit.
Where there goes that fact again, hey Eric, I hope you are aligning Pgresity.
P-party-poo!
Ta-ta-ta!
But anyway, I'm positive that they run programs because there are times when all the machines are dead.
And then the time is when they're like all paying out like crazy.
Now that's that's just not a coincidence.
I mean, the odds of staggering against that, you know what I mean?
Right.
Because they tell you all the odds to all the different combinations made by them moving the crap.
So I'm sure?
That anybody out there who Biraz Slides planer I was going to talk about.
For example, when you spend money for these stupid, like online, I have these booklets
where I'm a slots technician for 25 years, not giving the inside secrets, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
And then one of the first things they tell you is there's no such thing as a hot machine
or a cold machine.
And then later on in the same crack they'll say, oh never leave a hot machine.
Well, if there's no such thing as a hot machine or a cold machine, then how can they tell
you never leave a hot machine mine?
You know what I'm saying?
Stupid.
Right?
There's a bunch of crap.
There are punching buttons upstairs or in the back or somewhere.
I'd like to see that room, you know the control room.
Waiter in there with the diddling around.
Well let's put it on slow cook right now, okay?
So it doesn't, no spins, no nothing like that.
Anyway, I did okay.
Aren't you excited for me or should I throw up?
I'm happy for you.
Slap, pat, pat, pat.
That's a thousand bucks I got back that I sent Josh Cortister before I went on vacation.
Well, he ought to be, uh, thankful.
Well, I didn't get any like report on that.
What they went to the keys and to get laid at least or a drunk he had a, he had a great
time.
Did he really?
Yes.
Because that's his whole thing is getting drunk and getting laid.
Not necessarily a joke.
And I have no problem with my whole.
The drunk part, I got no, I just have no room in my life for drunks.
It's optional.
It's just, it's helpful sometimes.
It's what?
It's helpful.
Yeah.
When you and or the other person, especially the other person, I don't care for drunks.
I don't like being around them.
I don't want to smell them.
I don't want them puking on my shoes.
I just don't like the hood.
Well, there's different degrees, you know.
A 35 year old woman was arrested in destined for disorderly conduct when she extended her
middle finger in the other of the other woman outside of church playground.
Bitch.
She was intoxicated, smelled of booze, and then urinated on herself according to the
Okalusia County Sheriff's Office, the rest of the court.
All her assholes.
I was also trying to pick up her child from day care.
But she was drunk, peed out herself, and was trying to pick up her kid from day care.
In destined, when the woman saw another mother in juvenile walking across the parking
lot, she lifted up her right hand and gave her the middle finger and yelled blank, blank,
and a whore according to the March 13th report.
It just says explode or something, not really sure.
Maybe bitch like that.
Right.
In fact, maybe she said, I'll find it.
I'll wait.
You bitch.
You brought you more.
She was arrested for outraging the sense of public decency that he wrote.
The charge was a misdemeanor.
What does that mean?
Outraging the sense of public decency?
What?
An outrage.
A break.
So she's a little intoxicated.
She's peeing all over herself.
And she's, you know, she knows what she's saying.
I'm starting to feel sorry for her at this point.
Oh, brother.
We had 1,095 votes on yesterday's poll.
The most important lesson I've learned over the years from the Aronja Show is religion
is for crazy people, 382.
Crazy people.
Now, that's the course of people that are running the churches and the shows and that.
They're just businessmen.
That's all they're people in business and it's a good business because it's tax exempt.
And they're peddling lies.
Like we do at QAM, you know.
I'll go to this a great place.
It's not open anymore, but go there and have a good time.
Like that.
A lie.
Religion is for crazy people, 382.
Just shut up and cash the checks.
181.
Do no harm.
162.
Don't get into radio.
138.
Take it from me.
After all these years of just a hard sweat over this then cold microphone.
Sugar is the worst drug in the world.
92.
Boy, I ate enough carbs yesterday to sink a battleship.
Just not good.
Not good.
No.
Candy and like, what is that stuff like?
Caramel corn.
Oh my god.
Oh, just tons of crap.
Body wash isn't gay, 73.
It's the only way to go.
Body wash.
Forget.
Throughout the soap and kick it.
Kick it next door.
Let somebody else use it.
And don't be a sport who will 67, especially on days when they're talking about golf.
Oh.
It just makes me want to put my head in my hands and cry and just like a baby.
Golf.
Such a sport, man.
Golf.
Here's today's poll.
In your opinion, the worst drivers in South Florida are.
Now this is pretty interesting because it's like a race for second between everybody else.
Although the first time we did this, which is years ago, I guess, old Jews wanted just
barely edging out the Haitians.
But I guess the old Jews, a lot of them have died off by now.
I guess they contain their...
Unrise, sunrise, lakes, tamaract, places like that.
So anyway, the Haitians have taken first place.
We have 680 votes.
You got your thousand-luck today, Chris.
No problem.
All right.
That's a good sign.
Sounds good.
Isn't it a good sign?
Yep.
Haitians 240.
Especially those little jittneys, you know, in Dave County.
What do they call those?
Jittneys.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
Those Haitian bus drivers.
Well, look out.
Look out, man.
Haitians 240.
Teenagers 116.
That's because they're drunk stone.
They want to see if they can get it up to 150 mile an hour, or say, can't, unless they
got my vet.
Old Jews 116.
Tag with teenagers.
Right.
I think you should put old people in general on here.
Sorry, if I'm screwing up on your plans.
Women 106.
And old Julio is 102.
What do you want to put, like, old white people?
Just let me...
121 is 142.
Let's tell them they delegate to Obama's head of his family.
They just sliced it up there in the screen.
He's 114 to it.
She's got no chance.
She can't catch him.
No, but you don't want to go to jail.
And the same bitch that said, oh, Michigan and Florida shouldn't count.
And they're going to be...
Right.
Not going to campaign.
We all agree to it.
And all of a sudden, oh, these people ought to have their votes counted.
They ought to be represented.
I mean, they deserve to have you.
Right.
Desperate.
Grants being first draws.
OK.
In other words, play by whatever rules the Clinton East has set up to try to get her ass
in there.
680 in the pool.
I think our goal today is about 45,000.
We can do it.
The biggest names.
The vast talent.
Here is no politics.
435.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Hey, yo, man.
What's up, you two, for the country, Michigan?
Hello.
Hello.
I was calling about the wipe that you have for sale in the paper.
Oh.
What kind of rabbits are they?
OK.
I have some lost.
Yeah.
And I have some lost.
And some spotted lost.
And some solid color lost.
Oh, wonderful.
And I have a sight ear dough.
And I have two dwarfs.
What a dwarf.
Here's my rabbit.
Oh, OK.
We have a farm.
And we like to play with the rabbits on a farm.
You wouldn't have any like little rabbit handcuffs.
Anyone?
Little handcuffs for a rabbit.
A handcuffs.
Yes.
How so I never heard of it.
But what?
Well, we used them when we hunt them on the farm.
We like to hunt the rabbits.
And we take them and nail them to a tweed by their ears and its skin and a wipe.
There was.
Hello.
And now I...
If that's what you don't do at these rabbits, I couldn't say you're a rabbit.
We have a little game we play called all rabbits must die.
No, sir, no, sir, no, sir.
I wouldn't say you're a rabbit.
A bird.
$50.
I like to hunt the rabbits.
Well, it's OK.
You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits.
The face aren't for kill.
I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully.
Now, sir, I'm sorry.
And say you're a rabbit.
Sometimes we even spit them due to head with a rusty water.
Oh boy, I wouldn't say you're a rabbit.
How about some Welsh rabbit?
Rabbit.
OK.
Well, I had to play that because it's Easter time.
I was thinking about the Easter Bunny and all that other...
What is the significance of the Easter Bunny and the Easter Egg?
You know, yeah, I see some questions.
I try to answer them.
You talk over me.
You don't want to hear it.
I don't listen.
No, no, no, no.
You know, all the Christian religions are superimposed over the top of the original pagan religions, right?
And this is another one of those.
Spring Festival, fertility eggs, rabbits, rabbits have sex a lot.
And they have a lot of little baby rabbits, so their fertility symbol.
Eggs are a fertility symbol.
So it's...
You mean like Muslims?
They have rabbits and Muslims.
They have a lot of babies.
A lot of future generations.
Like the little hole in there.
See how he does it?
Well, and speaking of here,
last night, right in the Air Canada Center,
one of the most disgraceful performances in the history of professional sports.
That's why all this business about having 85 sports stations.
I mean, who's getting who here, man?
I don't know, it's going to bring more people to sports.
The football team, the so-called professional football team won a game.
Okay?
They won a game.
The heat, they won what?
12 games all season long or something like that, 11 or 12?
12.
They lost last night here in Toronto,
96.54 to the Raptors.
96 to 54.
That's the third lowest total, 54 points,
since they've been keeping records in 1954, 55 in the NBA.
54 points.
Well, what's the point of even showing up, huh?
Pat Riley, you idiot.
You...
You're fairy.
Where is...
When they need him, huh?
Five weeks.
I know where the hell he is.
Would you just relax?
Let's see, here's a fact somebody said a email to George that said,
Quebecers French Canadians need to be on their especially in Hollywood.
Oh, yeah, where's that?
They never want to change my boat.
French Canadians of any age or gender.
Right, French Canadians that's all you can give it on their frogs.
Couldn't bother figuring out their butt.
Probably a little bit, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, bbb, oh my god.
I want to say it again, because I'm sure there are plenty of frogs in Florida right now.
Go back where you came from, okay?
Everybody hates you like poison and legitimately so.
I mean, your behavior is so brochure.
Just speak, uh, put your booths all say, bbb, bbb, no, no, no party booths.
The prices on the products are...
Stop the road.
Don't go and shine, okay?
You're at what?
The prices on the products aren't negotiable, stop haggly with the cashier.
Oh, go away.
Take your nickel tip and stick it in your bottle of Pepsi and get it lost.
Yeah, tip this.
So, what that is?
Tip it can do and, uh, your mama too.
Go away.
Everybody hates you people like poison and like I said, rightfully so.
If I ever tell you I'm going to Montreal again, I want you to have me bake a rank.
I will.
Yeah, I do the same thing all the time.
I keep, I never learn my lesson.
I keep saying, oh, this place really sucks, you know, it's the most horrible...
I mean, in the first time I went to Montreal, the first couple of times I noticed a great restaurant.
And they had the big casino out there, which for real, a plunger like me, at least it was somewhere to go and gamble.
But the problem is they don't pay.
They just take it's a one way deal.
Just put the money and nothing comes out.
Which is my idea of how much fun, you know what I mean?
And then they got these frog women that sit there.
There's a row of like a ten wheel of fortune dollar machines.
And there's this one.
I've seen her three times now.
I mean, I've only been there like a half a dozen times.
Maybe it's just bad luck.
And she's playing three machines at the same time.
She's sitting at one.
She's playing that one.
And the one to the right of it and the one to the left of it.
And she shoving in the coins and there whatever.
Plus there's still doing coins there in Montreal.
Now, was the last time you saw a casino that's still doing coins.
Even a woodbind that can't bet about a year ago.
They're doing the tickets.
The coins sound better when you win.
Oh, yeah, I don't know.
They do the loonies and the tunies, man.
Your hands are all schmutzzy.
Oh, that is assuming if you get any out, but probably won't.
Keeps it nice and medicinal that way.
French Canadians, man, parlay, who go back to Quebec.
And your opinion of worst drivers are Haitians 249, teenagers 121 old Jews 118.
The ones who are sitting about a foot below the steering wheel with their hands up above their head.
Going about 40 miles under the speed limit.
And that's when the speed limit is 35.
Old Jews 118, women 113 of all ages.
I'm going to tell you, and I've told you this many times, the worst drivers are scared drivers.
Right.
But here they must be almost all of them scared, because they all drive way too slow.
Way too slow.
But the way it wasn't BC when we used to go up there.
Well, I'm not in BC.
80X.
Old ladies would pass us.
Not here.
Old Julios 107.
And French Canadians, they just went on here and probably got two out of 710 vote.
Frogs.
Probably who take your loonies and go back to Quebec and Montreal and the hall and Ottawa,
where everything you came from, get lost.
You're disgusting.
You're grotesque.
You're cheap.
You're obnoxious.
We don't speak French in South Florida.
In fact, we don't even speak English.
So what are you talking about?
Thank you.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
Democratic presidential candidate, this is some bad news.
See, it's the old smear and smear.
That's what they're doing to Obama now.
And it's working.
Swoolery Clinton is moving into a significant lead over Barack Obama for the first time in weeks
in the race for the party nomination, according to the latest Gallup poll.
The March 14 to 18 national survey gave Clinton a 49 to 42-age over Obama.
The poll has a margin of muscle-minus three points.
49 to 42.
Gross.
Gallup said it was the first statistically significant lead for Clinton since the tracking poll conducted
from World War VII to IX.
The two candidates had largely been locked in a statistical license and with Obama last
holding a lead over March 11 to 13.
Gallup said polling data also showed presumptive Republican.
And why do they always keep saying that presumptive my ass?
Presumptive.
I guess maybe they need if he lives long enough.
And what's with Joe and Joe Lieberman attached to his ear?
I mean, what is that all about?
You know, it's like attached to the hip and Lieberman keeps whispering sweet nothings in his ear?
Now it's the Sunni, not the sheikh.
That's how it's going to be.
I think that's practice for how it's going to be when that's President and Vice President
come by there.
I got news for you.
Joe Lieberman would do the same thing for McCain that he did for our goal.
We can only do it.
Every anti-Semite, especially in the Southern States, but not exclusively, will come out and hope
resounding me against anybody who's running against McCain if Lieberman's on the ticket.
Anyway, McCain leads Obama 47 to 43 and leads swoolery 48 to 45.
But Gallup said the lead was not statistically significant.
Well, whatever that means.
Gallup, of course, is a Republican pollster.
And I'm sure that they're doing everything in their power to try to get swoolery in there, you know?
Hey, be sure to fill out your brackets for the big term in all your college hoops people.
So, somebody sent me on a Myspace thing, a thing linked to do my picks again out of here.
Go away with that crap.
Okay, get a life.
Will you please?
Jesus, I have no life.
I mean, even I can't believe that George is doing well.
George is hoping to win some money again.
I'm sorry.
George is desperate for the cash.
With what?
That college hoops thing.
Oh, yeah.
One money last time.
What up?
Yeah.
Just log on to wqm.com, registered and played hoops hysteria.
Picks can be made round by round and bonus points given for picking up sets.
Hoops hysteria online at most prestige is wqam.com.
Got it?
The best talent.
His normal notes.
Forty-two, five sixty-two, a.m.
The fourth leader.
All the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
Okay, now I haven't previewed this yet, so I don't know if there are any sounds in here.
We're gonna have to like dump them.
It's okay, I already played it.
My skin's quammy and damp since I have that big lungs.
It's okay then.
It's fine, yes.
I feel my stomach crap.
I've got more than a hunt.
That's right.
Lord help me please.
This is total torment and if I sneeze, I just might have an accident.
Oh, this always a real good vent.
Grab my fountain head for the bathroom door.
Sweetie to really be, if I can't take it anymore.
Whoa, diarrhea.
Can't get off the ball.
I've been through almost a half a roll.
Diary up.
Here it comes again.
Did I eat that?
I cannot remember when.
Tell us where you think it's ended.
And all your strength's expanded.
It's fine.
Two sit down and go again.
Diary up.
Still a big stop.
Clop, clop.
It's time for another drop.
Who's the goodie, sorry.
I was okay after taking Pettos.
Thought I was done for the date, but then it hit me oh no.
I had to go.
So I started sprinting about to blow.
It so much paid my eyes for sprinting.
My body was doing more than hitting.
I unsyptifed and fell right into a trance.
Almost hit while I got into my stance.
Whoa, diarrhea.
Can't get off the ball.
I've been through almost a half a roll.
Diary up.
Here it comes again.
Did I eat that?
I cannot remember when.
Just when you think it's ended.
And all your strength's expanded.
It's time to sit down and go again.
Diary up.
Someone make a stop.
Clop, clop.
It's time for another drop.
Wow.
Yeah.
One moment please.
Okay.
What the hell is that?
What?
I have a voicemail on my thing.
Yeah, you're right.
I have no idea who it is.
You don't recognize the number that it came from or does it not show?
Wait a minute.
Trees, I don't know who the hell that is.
Maybe.
Anyway, it's a 1033 Russian.
Do that.
I mean, just got a voicemail from somebody that never heard of.
And I have no idea what the number is.
That's the way it goes.
Suffold a television station WTVJ was put up for sale by its corporate parent NBC Wednesday.
Oh my god.
And move that start with other local broadcasters.
NBC executives told station staffers in our long meeting Wednesday afternoon that they'll sell WTVJ6.
But retain Spanish language WSCV51.
The fact ships based of NBC's Spanish language tell them window network.
How do you like that?
Incredible.
The sale which is expected to take a year to completely mark the first time since NBC acquired WTVJ in 1987.
Now let me see.
Maybe this is the expat bulletin from the telegraph.
I'm getting all kinds of crap on here now.
It's going to be very angry.
Wow.
First time since NBC acquired WTVJ in 1987 that a major broadcast number is affiliates and so photos changed hands.
That sale touched off a mad scramble of collaters, channel numbers and network affiliations,
as station ownerships and broadcasts alliances changed.
And some local broadcasts is wondered yesterday if the history will repeat itself.
My email is just jammed right now, said one executive at a local station.
Everybody wants to know what it means.
What does it mean?
What does that mean?
Everybody wants to know what it means.
I don't know.
Officials at NBC and WTVJ refused to comment on the announcement,
but in an NBC memo to WTVJ staffers obtained by the hero,
the network said it plans to sell both WTVJ and its station in Hartford, Connecticut.
To raise money to extend its operations on so-called digital platforms like the Internet and cell phones.
We've taken a hard look at our portfolio and made some difficult decisions about what's best for our business going forward,
said the memo from John Wallace.
Head of the division that oversees NBC's own and operates stations.
It said the network will operate stations only on the top 10 USTV markets for Lauderdale,
a 16 Miami for Lauderdale, Hartford 29.
So they're out.
So what does that mean? Maybe they're bringing it back around for Edna, you think?
I had doubt it.
And maybe Bob Weaver?
Sure.
And what that was his name?
Well, I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
I think they're all going to be in the same position.
No.
What does that mean? You're off tomorrow.
Well, who's working tomorrow?
George is working tomorrow.
Oh, Josh.
Cortis is going to be working tomorrow.
Well, isn't that something?
Yeah, apparently, Daryl asked him if he would be able to work one of the days.
And then he never got back to him.
And so this morning I see Cortis.
He's like, hey, was I supposed to work for you one day?
So the two was kind of told each other what we heard from Josh.
We put it together.
And he's like, well, I wouldn't Monday off anyway.
So if you're up for taking Friday off, then I'll find I'll work for you.
And then I'll have Monday off.
Oh, my God, I find this cool.
Because you know, management doesn't really, you know, take care of that stuff.
So I have a good, any idea what you just said.
You know what? I don't really care anyhow.
But nevertheless, I'm off tomorrow.
It's not like a big deal, okay?
I don't want to burst your bubble, but it's not like the end of the world.
Hey, when did I get one day off a week? It's nice to have two.
The owner of a famous cheese steak shop, see, it must be all up now.
He screwed up all my deals, all my arrangements.
The owner of a famous cheese steak shop didn't discriminate when he posted signs asking customers to speak English, a city panel rule Wednesday in Philadelphia.
In a two-to-one vote of the commission on human relations panel found that two signs of geno steaks telling customers,
this is America when ordering, please speak English, do not violate the city's fair practice as ordinance.
Shop owner Joe Vento was said he posted the signs in October 2005 because it concerns over immigration reform and increasing number of people in the area who couldn't order an English, no picket in English.
Vento was said he never refused to register anyone because they couldn't speak English, but critics argued that the signs discourage customers of certain backgrounds from eating at the shop.
Lucky in Montreal and other parts of Quebec, no speaker frog then get out of here.
Comitiers Roxanne Covington and Bert Segal voted to dismiss the complaint finding the sign does not communicate that business will be refused with held order nine.
In a dissenting opinion, Commissioner Joseph Centennial said he thought the signs did discourage some customers.
The sign appeared immediately above another sign that had the following words, management reserves the right to refuse service Centennial wrote.
Geno's and its chief robber across the street, Pat's king of steaks are two of the cities best known, cheese steaks venues, a wrong number of Asian and Latin American immigrants have moved to the traditionally Italian neighbors in recent years, no speaking English.
Vento was threatened to go to court if he lost his attorney, Albert Weiss, and he was pleasantly surprised by when this decision was expected this was not going to go our way, weiss said.
Kind of like a tytony, tytony, whatever that spot is.
Embryham, Sherdo, in February 2007, the commission found probable cause against Geno's for discrimination, ledging that the policy discourages customers of certain backgrounds from eating there.
The case went to a public hearing where an attorney for the commission argued that the sign was about intimidation out about political speech, the matter then went to the three member panel for a ruling.
Nick Telefer, or the commission's executive director, said he would not appeal. Well, there you go.
So what does that mean?
Don't go there. If you don't speak English, don't go there. They don't want you. They don't want your money. They don't want to look at you. They want to smell you.
I was speaking to smelly people again. Oh my god. I was thinking about that. It's a good thing it was only there 15 minutes yesterday.
Because having talked about that on the area, yesterday there was foremost in my mind about people who smell really bad.
And so as I walked around every around, I was like, oh jeez, oh, it could just swoon.
Man, talk about trashy people. To me, only trashy people smell bad. Am I wrong?
No. People would even a little tiny bit of clandestine. At least they take a bath once a month.
Even pofolk. Soap and hot water is free. That's right. Hot water is free.
You old Chinese month. Hot water is free. Even if it isn't, you know, you can take a cold shower and use soap. It still works.
And the Russians, man, what is their story?
Well, you know, when you're talking about Eastern block and Europeans in general, I don't have to tell you about Europeans, do I?
You hear those stories all the time from people that go over there and come back.
Hear what stories about how bathing is kind of an optional thing over there.
Really? That's what they hear.
They're like in French man, where they make all that colon and perfume and all that high price crap. They don't use it. They just sell it.
I'm serious. Good. Golly, Miss Mollie, talk about a stench.
I'm sure I'm not the only person in the world who feels this way. If somebody stinks, I don't want to be near them.
I don't want to smell. If they're a few smells, they're fewer, Roma's worse than the smell of smelly people.
Oh, and under, you know, smelly pits, all that crap.
Well, I'm getting hit from all sides. Here's a fact from WB who's becoming chronic now.
If you're taking any additions to your pool or just wanting to discuss what about crotch-rocket motorcycle drivers,
I want them all to die in a fire-recrash and burn when nobody else gets hurt. 140-mile an hour wheel stands is a bit over the top.
Is it possible all teenagers who live in the right spots 360 or PlayStation, they suck in our dangerous demand kind of in general?
Says WB. Well, I don't know. We're going to put the motorcycle out of them. I don't want it.
You want it? I think that's cool when they do that. I mean, they're only going to kill themselves. They can actually...
They might kill themselves more power to them, especially if they're doing it without a helmet.
19-11-560WQM got the jerk show at D'Arral of 2, Mad Dog at D'Arral of 4, Hurricane Hotline, not from D'Arral from Sodaweight,
and then the NCAA College hoopsate to midnight from Westwood 1, no D'Aightonite.
I'm going to have my little rabbit. We got the toy, the texture.
Have you heard the buzz? It's all because. We got the toy, the texture.
We got the toy, the texture. Welcome, regulations to 10-46-560WQM.
What is this kind of a strange year day today? I don't know what it is. Is there something that is in the water?
Really? It isn't water. Those chemicals. What you're feeling?
I'll kind of lead it, or Osama Yamama would be not in.
By the way, great job Mr. President on the gas prices and the American dollar and on Chasing Down Osama Yamama and Mulebolo Omar and all those ago.
Osama Yamama warned Europe yesterday it faced a reckoning for the cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad published in Danish newspapers,
according to a US monitoring group. In a recorded message, the address to the intelligent ones in the European Union,
bin Laden said that publishing the cartoon was an insult and a greater crime than Western Forges forces targeting Muslim villages and killing women and children according to the site intelligence group.
And the reckoning for it will be more severe sight, said, quoting from bin Laden's audio messages first of the year.
The al-Qaeda leader also warns that there is no check on the freedom of your words, then let your hearts be open to the freedom of our actions.
And cryptically he said the Muslims response to the insult will be what the enemy sees now what they hear said,
site which monitors Islamist websites. But a beep bit a boop bit about he said, Islam a Yamama.
Are you threatening me? And my name is Osama, not Obama, Osama. For something like that.
756 votes on the pool, but I'm going to be close to 800 by 11 o'clock, or way ahead of schedule here on our pace to 1000.
Right. And if we get 1000 votes today, I'm not showing up tomorrow.
So what's the deal? Cordis and George tomorrow from 10 to 9. Then we got that UM basketball game against St. Mary School for the Blind Little Kids.
I mean, come on. Say you I'm in St. Mary's. Can you imagine how many people are going to be listening to that?
But, sir, with the college hoops, man, you know, get it to the hurricanes. Oh.
Jack Huber writes different standards for black and white preachers. This is a good comment. Sure. Right to the point. One thing I like about him.
Yeah, he don't shake your route. He's like Doug Thompson. He doesn't write long ponderous things. So it's easy to read him.
And he gets right to the point and he says it. He pulls no punches like the beast. He pulls no punches. He's still alive. By the way, the beast. Do we know? Yeah.
How do you know? He was don't update this way. Yesterday. See. Well, when you're in his condition yesterday, it could be a million miles away in a day of time.
Well, I asked Josh, but you know, he's not here. And by the way, that call I had that voicemail thing on my blank. That was a frank call. Oh nice.
I wonder who that could have been from. Certainly wasn't from anybody here.
Really, Julianne's priest has been accused and grand jury proceedings of molesting several children covering up the molestation of others.
Julianne would not disavow him on the campaign trail. Still works with him. Mitt Romney was part of a church that did not view black Americans as equals and actively discriminated against them.
He stayed with that church all the way into his early thirties until they were finally forced to change their policies to come into compliance with civil rights legislation.
Romney never disavowed his church then or now. He said it was proud of the faith of his fathers.
Jerry Falwell said America had 9-11 coming because we tolerated gays, feminists and liberals. It was our fault. Our chickens had come home to roost, if you will.
John McCain probably received his support and even spoke at his university's commencement.
Reverend John Hagey is called the Catholic Church the Great Horror. He has said that the Antichrist will rise out of the European Union. Of course the Antichrist will also be Jewish.
He said all Muslims are trained to kill him, be part of the devil's army when Armageddon comes, which he hopes is soon.
John McCain continues to say he's proud of the Reverend Hagey's endorsement.
Reverend Rod Parsley believes America was founded to destroy Islam. Since this is such an outlandish claim I have to end for the record that he's not kidding.
Reverend Parsley says Islam is an anti-Christ religion, brought down from a demon spirit. Of course we are in a war against all Muslims including presumably Muslim Americans.
But since Parsley believes this is a christian nation and it should be run as a theocracy he's not very concerned what Muslim Americans think.
John McCain said Reverend Rod Parsley is his spiritual guide.
What separates all these outrageous preachers from Barack Obama's? You guessed it. Their white Reverend Jeremiah White is not.
If it's not racism that's causing the disparity and need to treat me to these preachers then what is it?
I'm willing to listen to what other possible explanations says, Jank.
And I'm inclined to believe that the people these preachers go after are more important than the race of the preacher.
It's one thing to go after gays, levels, and Muslims. That seems to be perfectly acceptable in America. It's another to accuse White folks of not living up to their ideals.
I think there's another factor in play as well. The media is deathly afraid of calling out preachers of any strife for insane propaganda from the pulpits for a fear that they'll be labeled as anti-Christian.
But criticism of Reverend White falls into their comfort zone. It's easy to blame him for being anti-American because he criticized American foreign and domestic policy.
If Reverend White had preached about discriminating against gay Americans or Muslims, they probably wouldn't have been any outcry at all. That falls into the category of respect or hateful opinions because they cloaked themselves in the church.
But one thing is indisputable. The enormous disparity in how the media's cover these white preachers as opposed to Reverend White. Have you ever heard of even heard of Rod Parsley?
As you can see from what I listed above all these white preachers have said and done the most outlandish and offensive things you can imagine and hardly a peep if the disparity in the coverage isn't racist, then what is it?
Nice going, Jank.
I do like Parsley potatoes though. Not Rod Parsley, but how about Walter Paisley?
What about him?
Chicago Harness driver. Come on, Walter Paisley. How do he still lie? You better Google it.
Pretty serious.
Oh, I'm not serious. You just relax. Jesus. God, almighty.
What's happened to you? I think all of you are having a meal.
All this strange. You do this all the time. What's happened to you? We say that all the time. Google this, Google that.
Some 10 person from 100 years ago, nobody heard of. Why should this be any different?
And am I serious? Usually you are.
No, I'm not. Some Neanderthal. You would even know how to spell Paisley.
Sure.
I'll just spell it. Pai.
S.
L.E.Y. Good. Google it.
No.
No. Not. I'll Google myself. I'll Google it.
I'm going to Google it.
In your opinion, the worst drivers in South Florida are we got 769 votes. We're off to a rocket start on a poll 771.
Our goal today is 125,000 votes easy.
If we don't get that, Chris is fired.
Oh.
Before I, like I said, 495 million votes.
No, you're doing just fine. Okay, you're a little goofy, but you're then that's fits in.
All right.
Quartus, of course, is just a drunk.
With my money. See that? Hey, you know, that money could have gone to help code the home.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. He'll be the starving family in America somewhere.
Listen, I got to defend him. He's not just a drunk. All right.
He's much more than a drunk. What does that mean?
He's a drunk, but he's much more than that.
Meaning what? He's a good guy too.
I'm sure there are a lot of drunks who are good guys.
I don't know.
I don't know a lot of drugs.
Well, I'm sure that you'll run into him. Probably a Gulfstream on next Friday.
I hope so.
There are to be a Gulfstream next Friday.
Aim to be one of them.
Maybe they'll give you a bunch of booze. Maybe they'll give you a bottle.
Sure. Just bring it on over.
Jack Tangles, he just drink it out of the bottle.
773 votes. The worst drivers in South Florida.
Haitians 268.
Two, yeah.
Teenagers 129.
What? Haitians are way outhead of everybody. How do you like that?
Old Jews 127. They used to be the worst, but most of them are dead now.
Women 122. Old Julios 117.
And frogs, French Canadians, they've been laid in the tradition, but they got 10 already.
And believe you me, those frogs, they are unacceptable.
Your behavior is, you know, disgusting.
And don't go to the beach with those speedos.
Okay, well, your big pupa hanging over there.
People are disgusted and grossed out by you.
You know, Mara Gulati in Hollywood, before she finally got to vote it out of office,
which should have been a long time ago.
Instead of worrying about T-shirts that say life is a beach, she should have made it illegal for the frogs to wear those speedos at the beach in Hollywood.
Because that, as you know, is where a lot of them congregate. Hollywood in the,
Helen Dale.
Frog City.
I mean, what would anybody who's got a huge pupa, who's disgusting,
look at, want to go looking like that anyway, just to gross everybody out, is that the purpose?
They're oblivious. They don't know how gross they look.
When in doubt, gross everybody out. That's the frog creed, baby.
That's the frog creed, oh, look at that marathon gas station. Where the hell was that?
322 for regular station, set it for price gauge.
I was getting gassed just before they changed it, so I didn't buy it.
Indiana's attorney general isn't buying it either.
Indiana, they're gouging, they're adding on making an extra 70 cents a gallon,
just, you know, because the public is stupid and they'll figure, oh, that's what it's supposed to be.
4 dollar gas station set it for gas gauge. You were there at 415 for premium.
Somewhere in Indiana.
Yeah, on the range of reasonable prices.
If they bought fuel at these stations, they need to take their receipts back into the station
and they'll get a credit there.
No, but they need to do is take a lighter back into the station.
Good, fast enough, you're welcome to serve, right, Jack?
425 for the premium.
Yes, 4th leader.
This is the Neo-Wonjard shell.
322 for regular station.
This is your brain.
422 for regular station.
Any questions?
Or so it seems.
You've been waiting for things.
They're making you and me.
You've been waiting for things.
Nobody's come turning up to us.
Yeah, yeah, God, what's on TV tonight?
I think we're all gonna do a better day.
You've been waiting for things.
There was some on the mountains little sheep.
We're ready to good things.
You just let it be.
You're too late to good things.
You don't seek for it.
You're too late to good things.
Nobody seems to mind.
You're too late to good things.
About the oil and the grass.
You're too late to good things.
It's 1101 and 560 WQ.
I'm happy of spring.
Happy Purim.
Well, I can't say it.
I gotta have her say it.
Right.
I say it.
It's like, you know, happy Purim.
See, she says it was so much more abullions.
Oh, I hope the abullion guide don't call it in that, Jack Hans.
I think if he did.
Yeah, but yeah, if he did, it would be waste of time.
And not take any calls on issue.
I'll tell you that.
George likes to call.
So he's gonna get some great calls tomorrow.
I guarantee you.
That's right.
We'll be between 10 and noon.
What?
You know it.
In fact, I think everybody ought to get poised right now.
Get your phone right now and Chris will put you on hold for tomorrow morning.
No matter fact, I'll tell you.
Between 10 and noon.
I'm good Friday.
We should have good calls, right?
That's what I'll be good.
I'll be good.
I'll be good.
It's a good time for the great taste.
That's what noodles say.
Good food and good times.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Uh-huh.
Hey, Neil.
Neil, this is noodles.
Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
A U.S. House Committee chairman has begun an investigation into the octuracutions of at least 12 service members in Iraq,
including that of a Pittsburgh soldier killed in January by a joint electricity in the shower.
Representative Henry Waxman with his pig nose, chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform,
said yesterday's as defense secretary Robert Gates,
to hand over documents relating to the management of electoral systems at facilities in Iraq.
They're not working too good, you know?
They're not getting like too much electricity, too much water, uh, these kinds of things.
All of these things.
Staff Sergeant Ryan Lasseth, 24, died January 2 of cardiac arrest after being electrocuted while showering at his berths and bagged bed.
Also yesterday, my sets parents filed a wrongful death lawsuit in Allegati County Court against KBR-Ainc Kellogg Brown Root.
The Houston-based contractor responsible for maintaining my sets' berics.
What do I say, berics? Do I say berics?
I think it was bad.
That's bad. That's in bad taste you got electrocuted.
He's dead for Christ's sake, so you're making fun of it. That's bad taste, man.
The lawsuit which seeks unspecified damages and costs alleges that KBR Kellogg Brown Root allowed U.S. troops to continue using electrical systems
which KBR knew to be dangerous and knew it caused prior instances of electrocution.
I expected that if I lost one of my sons in the world, we'd do to an IED or firefight.
May sets Mother Cheryl Harris told the APS today, and never expected a hearing would be electrocuted and something so senseless happened to him.
An Army investigation found that his death was due to improper grounding of the electric pump that supplied water to the building wire.
May sets that die nectarine electrical short in the pump, said a occurring through the pipes.
Chris Eisley, a defense department spokesman, said the Pentagon has turned the matter over to the department's inspector general for a full investigation.
Right, that should make everybody happy.
Since 2003, at least 12 service members have died in Iraq as a result of electrocution according to the Army and Marine Corps.
In October 2004, Warchman said in his letter, the Army should a safety alert that noted five soldiers had been electrocuted by a year and improper grounding was a factor in nearly all the cases.
Then it just goes on and on the carnage, the killing, the butchering, the lunacy, the insanity.
All these dead people, nice job there, Mr. President.
Of course, your vice president was busy fishing yesterday in Yaman, Oman.
Let's see, here's a fact that says, I rely on you for the information I can't find.
Oh, this is from one of our regular iodine factors.
I love the bedtime stories, but oh, I'll get out of here.
If I may humbly suggest you need the article verified and who wrote it before you read it, then do not mention it again until the after you read it.
Say for a comment like nice going.
You're tasted in the letter and pick up.
Don't I always say who wrote the article?
Yes, you do.
If it's a column by somebody, if it's just something in a Reuters or AP like that, then nobody ever heard of before just somebody with a byline.
What's the point?
Right, not only do you read the title and who wrote it, but then you mention it's on the website, so it's not hard to find.
Your taste and intellect are impeccable from time to time, a bedtime story hits so perfectly.
I want to find it and pass it along to people I know.
Could you please mention the article author and origin of the pieces you all read?
No.
Sometimes I can and sometimes I do and sometimes I can and sometimes I don't.
And sometimes I will and sometimes I won't.
I know several people absolutely need to see the piece you read earlier.
They've switched from switched away from Barack because of this insane pastor thing.
If we lose because of this, then religion again will be the reason for more death and misery.
Could you repeat where you found the article and its author?
I know sometimes they're posted on your site, but they're on immediate and sometimes difficult to find later.
Where am I going to find that?
I know the one he's talking about now is by Jank Jugour, okay?
It's on our website.
Sure, but let me let me look, shake it off of there.
What?
Huh?
You better watch your language, Mr.
because Joyce is out to get your ass.
Yeah, yeah, I got a rascal.
You probably like it.
He.
Let's say...
Is he Irish Marine down?
What?
Is he Irish?
I wouldn't care.
I'll make an exception in her case.
Now where the hell am I going to find that?
I mean...
Oh!
Ha!
Ha! Ha! Ha!
Maybe it's not on our website today.
Maybe I just found it this morning, so it would be on there for tomorrow.
You think?
Maybe.
Maybe if I go to my outlook or express and I can find the article on there that I sent to, uh, to be put on there, you think?
What do you think?
Eric says, why don't they use the Google search of the site on the homepage?
You're not listening to what I just said!
Well, I'm just telling you what Eric said in the little box here.
Well, forget about Eric, okay? He's doing a lot of drugs.
Let's see, synth.
Synth items.
Let me find a jank yogurt.
See, you see, oh, here are no different standards for black and white preachers.
I knew I'd find it.
Hey.
Smirkingchimp.com.
That's where you'll find it, okay?
Today, smirkingchimp.com by Jank, C-E-N-K, yogurt.
However, they'll hell these spells his name.
That's where it is, okay?
I'd iron?
See, don't tell me that I don't go the extra 84 yards to try to pacify these people.
But I can't just sit here and spell it all out, and that's why the good stories like that went around our website.
Which that wouldn't be on there tomorrow.
But it's on smirkingchimp.com this morning right now.
So grab it.
Go get it.
Squeeze it.
805 on a pole, by the way.
We got that thousand lick today, boy. We're on fire.
We are...
FAAAAMING!
Democratic President.
Now, this is by Steve Holland from Reuters.
Does anybody know who that is or care?
No.
No.
I mean, if it's by, like a column by Marine Dowder, somebody ever heard of before.
Paul Krugman like that, I'll say so.
Or Doug Thompson or Robert Sheer.
Don't I always say that?
Yeah.
So there you go.
I don't want to be defensive about it, but Jesus, Kate Christ.
Can you please come over to the house and spoon feed my children too, and the chip also needs some breakfast?
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton now argues that the North American Free Trade Agreement needs to be renegotiated, but newly released record show on Wednesday.
She promoted its passage.
The National Archives and the Clinton Presidential Library jointly released more than 11,000 pages of Clinton's Daily Schedule as first lady from 93 to 22.
The release came in response to charges that she's overly secretive and also allowed her campaign to promote her argument that she gained valuable White House experience during her years as first lady.
She knows where the silverware is.
She knows where to find the fine China.
Clinton and Obama are battling to win well at Pennsylvania.
We know that April 22, but that's a long ways away.
The documents clearly indicated Clinton had a powerful role at the White House, frequently meeting former leaders and presiding over meetings.
The NAACTA Agreement linking trade between US-Canada and Mexico was considered a major accomplishment by Bubba in 1994.
But now many Americans blame the agreement for the loss of thousands of US manufacturing jobs.
NAACTA has become such an issue on the Democratic presidential campaign trail that both Clinton and Barack Obama have vowed to renegotiate it.
The former First Ladies Record Show that Clinton worked on behalf of the accord, swallery.
Among the thousands of details of the daily life for swallery is a November 16, 1993 entry, a NAACTA briefing dropped by in room 450 of the executive building in front of the White House, closed to the news media.
About 120 people respected within the briefing and swallery was to be introduced by White House Ava Lexus Hermann for brief remarks concluding the program in a relation to Billy Herman.
The documents, while a mundane account of Clinton's daily movements brought back some reminders of the Clinton's White House tenure.
On January 26, 1998, for example, the day Bill Clinton declared I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Monica Lewinsky, first lady swallery had a busy day, including a roundtable discussion with students from her alma mater, Wales Lake College.
Later she went to New York for an education event and spent the night at the Waldof Historia Hotel, the weather forecast on that day's schedule said, mostly cloudy, high 37, low 27.
When swallery appeared in a January 99 event, the Kennedy Center was vetted, those are resented, those are resented, who was scorted her to a receipt of the court of the records.
Those are its two years later, reportedly was linked to a last-minute drive that succeeded in persuading Bubba to grant a pardon of fugitive financier Mark Rich, a decision that's haunted Clinton in his post White House days.
The documents also show the first lady got herself quickly immersed in what would be a failed attempt to revamp the West Healthcare system.
Swallery's first no-meeting to discuss healthcare came just three days after Bubba's January 20, 1993 inauguration, a yadi yadi on.
There you go. So she was all foreign actor until of course it started cost everybody all those jobs, and I was always against it, I was against it before I was for it, and now I'm against it because I'm running in the yadi I'm desperate, grasping for straw.
That we're going to have finally the opportunity to really address.
Yeah, address, give out the envelopes and address them, okay, may I put the stamps on them, you address them. That's a good job for us, Swallery. That's about your speed.
Hey, don't forget to fill out your brackets for the big college hoops tournament, just log on to wqm.com, registered to play Hoopsist area.
Your picks can be made round by round, and bonus points are given for picking upsets, wow. Sounds pretty exciting, but I'll pass.
Hoopsist area online at wqm.com.
The biggest names. The best talent.
You know his little projects. 4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
I'll see you then. Or the record I quit, and I did not get fired.
You people did not want more round anymore.
Yeah, just my foliates. Cause I ain't never coming back.
And I knew that you'd miss me. About as much as Bob Dishy.
I knew that you'd miss me. That's a hoopsist.
You took my magnificent, granted.
And one rate too many. Well, now I'm gone.
Long as ginger keeps a show in the flour.
Something filthy as famous as Mark Shine now.
Your veins have been true and now in their turns.
Now it's your time to get raped.
Yeah, my little pink yet crappy signal.
Into all that space. I just say that.
I knew that you'd miss me. This cantanker is yeety.
I knew that you'd miss me.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Get your say, I'm trying to do the backup for the doors over here.
I got one. I got one. I got one. I got one.
Well, 19 at 560 W.C.M. Boy, that panthers vet.
That big game against Carolina and that thing, Macarena.
You better be going to be there, George.
Oh, yeah. Big game. There were only four points out of that.
I don't play off spot.
We love the panthers. Jacques Mark Pantza frog.
Bap, bap, bap, bap. Go back to what we came from.
Go back to Ottawa, Jack. Jacques Strap.
Foured losing population for the first time in history.
Oh, my God.
I'm not a bad guy like that.
For perhaps, and then this is by Robin Benedict, by the way,
for the guy, the factur there who wants to know the name of everybody
who wrote every article I read on here, in a Sun Sentinel.
Robin Benedict.
The headline says,
Braw would losing population for first time in history,
and then the very first sentence says,
for perhaps the first time in its history.
Braw would talk about hedging your bets.
Braw would carry lost population.
13,054 more people left than arrived during the past year.
Accorded US Census estimates released today.
The loss would have been more dramatic had been up in for newborns
and the continuing influx of immigrants.
Since 2003 out of every four new Braw residents were four and born.
Braw's population out total is 1.76 million.
Where would?
In the past two years, 55,000, 808 more residents left the county
than moved in from other states.
That's roughly the population of Margaid.
Well, you know something?
If Margaid vanished tomorrow would it be a big deal?
I don't think so. You?
No.
Who needs it?
I don't.
I'm sure we have a few listeners in Margaid, but...
Including that crazy bastard that gun nut.
What does that guy's name?
Who keeps trying to get back on my mind space again?
I have to keep deleting. He's a crazy person.
Tells his name?
Yes, can he?
I will come back to me.
I don't know what it is.
Since 2004 the county has attracted between 13 and 14,000
foreignborn residents a year, gaining a total of 107,000 since 2000.
It's very clear that growth has slowed down substantially since Stan Smith
directed the Bureau of Economic and Business Research at the University of Florida.
It's partly due to the economic slowdown and the slowdown in job creation
and the housing problems forward has been facing.
And Nick, right in heart of Hollywood, is among those trying to flee.
It's getting too expensive for me to live here and I don't have an estates
said right in heart was lived in Broward for 30 years.
Fuck 30, man!
And works at a lighting factory.
I feel I'm crazy staying here when the cost of living is so much less someplace else.
Her three bedroom home with the pool in the lakes area has been on the market since last year
and the divorcing of citizens is shopping for a home in Knoxville, Tennessee.
Oh my God, talk about desperate.
Tennessee.
Wow.
Census officials and demographers said they can't find any of it
in the Broward's traditionally among the nation's fastest growing counties
has ever lost population before.
The census has been taken every decade since 1790 and in recent years has been updated annually.
But I've actually ever seen a good restaurant there in 1790.
Let's do a poll on which was your favorite.
All right.
The new census figures show only two other metropolitan areas.
Detroit and Cleveland lost more people than Broward did from July 2006 to July 2007.
Detroit and Cleveland, I can understand that easy.
Especially Detroit.
Oh my God.
This is a real alarm said William Fry demographer with the Brookings Institution,
a Washington public policy think tank.
I don't see it often wonder.
What do you think?
Think tanks.
Sure.
This group and that group and the heritage found all these other Nazi bastards.
In a way Broward is a bell weather for the rest of the country.
And if Broward's losing people, which in itself is so surprising that shows how Florida especially
is hard hit by this housing crunch.
It's crunched down and baby and you're getting crunched.
He and others predict the population slowed down this temporary.
They say growth nationally is relatively stagnant because people are moving around as much
inter recession and houses aren't selling.
They also blame rising property taxes and insurance as well as lower wages for making the area less desirable for the time being.
Florida is too much of an attractive place for this continuing long term fry said,
Smith of the University of Florida agreed.
I think the next couple of years will be very slow in population growth,
but as you go through the next decade, Florida and general will see growth return at normal levels.
Florida grew by almost 200,000 people to 18.25 million last year,
the year before the state grew by 321,000.
While Broward was hardest hit, nine other Florida counties lost population as well.
Pinellas County near Tampa dropped to 5400.
Pinellas County is St. Pete isn't it? Yes.
And Monroe County lost 1174.
Others that dropped by a few hundred to 1,500 people were bay, Charlotte,
a Scandia Franklin, Glades, Jefferson and Okalusa County.
Who would want to live in a county named Okalusa?
When you be embarrassed? Yeah.
I live in Okalusa County. The Okalusa County.
God. Palm Beach County grew by only 99 people to 1.27 million from 2006 to 2007.
So if you're new come or an at period of time in Palm Beach County, congratulations.
A big change from year before when the county's total population grew by over 7,000.
The 8 county gained almost 11,000 people to 2.39 million, about 9,000 fewer than year before,
and four of them actually speak English.
From 2005 to 2006, Broward grew by a total of 2038 people.
There's another siren. You hear it? I do know. Wow.
There comes the Panty wagon that's coming to take me away.
Richard Augburn and the South Florida Regional Planning Council speculated
some of those living Broward are immigrants.
For the most part, their middle class, he said,
whereas day tends to attract a wealthier newcomer.
Remember when day was getting all the people with the drug money from Columbia
and places like that? Remember those days?
Back when everybody was running around with suitcases full of money at the Army
and buying VCRs and stuff. Of course, nobody buys VCRs anymore because they're pass-aid,
but nevertheless. Remember those days?
Drug money.
What you have are people who were counted up one year as immigrants who came to Broward
and moved up from day then they move on, Augburn said.
Maria Luisa Vincentini, 47,
a Venezuelan-abordant political asylum in January, said she came here initially
because she had to leave her homeland quickly,
and her brother offered his vacation home in Pompeo Beach.
Now she's looking for work and translation in broadcasting.
She plans to stay.
I like it, she said,
people are friendly we ever do.
We need 20 or 25 minutes away.
People are friendly while she came from Venezuela, you know.
Where they came out from the Los Montanhas and liked the hunter and, you know,
steel and rape.
That's right.
Plunder and plute.
These things.
You ever see that movie, Plute?
No.
How about flute?
Clute?
It's a flute.
Who was in flute, Donald Sutherland?
I'm not sure, Paul Newman.
Paul Newman was in flute?
I don't know.
He was also in the upper corner.
He was also in the upper corner.
He was over there, he made me watch cool hand puke.
Yeah, I made you watch it.
Watch my wife's in there.
I haven't watched that yet.
I know, it's good.
I'm sitting here, I got him the other room.
I know, it's good.
It's got Ray Wallston on it.
Make a deal with it, I watch it if I can go do it now.
I just keep reached it.
No, reach hasn't made the rounds in.
I've been looking for a lot of time.
What are you waiting for in life for the body?
I'm supposed to watch hasn't made the rounds either, so it's weird.
We got different changes.
They can see?
Yeah.
Oh, you like that?
It's a horror movie.
Well, it's not really a horror movie.
It's not really a horror movie.
It's not really a horror movie.
I'll check it out.
You like it?
819 votes on Chris' full.
He knows he's got the thousand made today.
And that means I'm not coming in tomorrow.
Me either.
I'm going to get up real early and get in the apaniac and go to a woodbine.
And you are opinion the worst drivers in South America.
South Florida are Haitians 282.
Old Jews, 137.
Old Jews are moving up now.
Teenagers, 136.
Women, 128.
Old Julios, 120.
French, Canadian, 16.
And let me say it again.
No matter what category it is, what demographic, what gender, what anything.
No matter what category we're talking about, the worst drivers are the scared drivers.
If you're scared, pull it over to the side of the road.
Get out.
Lock it up.
Take the keys, throw them away and get lost.
Get the biggest name.
The best talent.
Get your kids nail largest.
4.5.62 AM.
The fourth leader.
Up right now.
Everybody's going to get a rebate.
Spend some dough, dough, dough, dough.
Right.
When you get your check, spend it real quick.
Get the store, store, store.
Everybody's going to get paid.
Make the recession go away.
That's why you're all going to get a rebate.
So here you go, go, go.
I'd rather you didn't put it in a bank.
Or get your credit card bill paid.
Because there's something, there's something we can all do.
To keep the recession far away.
So go down to Best Buy.
Or get a new card and go drive.
Everybody's going to get a rebate.
Spend some dough, dough, dough.
Try to forget that we're rolling dead.
Oh no, no, no.
Everybody's going to get paid.
Make the recession go away.
That's why you're all going to get a rebate.
So here you go, go, go.
But get said, almost rebate checks to me and George.
And Chris will take one or two of them too.
We'll give you a little of a spillage.
A little of a slop over.
All right.
Not too much.
1131 at 560 WQAM, US Senator Chuck Hagle writes in a new book
that the US needs independently to ship in possibly another political party
while suggesting New York War might be remembered as one of the five biggest
blunders in history.
All right, Chuck, you go, maybe.
And the current impasse and independent candidate for the presidency
or a bipartisan unity ticket could be appealing to Americans,
Hager writes in America our next chapter,
doing stores next Tuesday.
The Associated Press Appendent and Advanced Copy.
How do you like that?
By the way, this is from Kemple Hill, blue.com.
And nobody wrote it.
OK.
OK.
Doesn't have a byline on it.
Somebody wrote it, but for iodine?
OK.
There is a branch hard working, one of the most intelligent individuals that I know in the Senate.
Somebody who, the moment I got there, I immediately gravitated towards
because he is somebody who doesn't take himself seriously.
Like us.
Anyway, Hagle and the current says in the current impasse, I already wrote it.
Then if it were to be a public in the White House last year,
he wouldn't seek a third term or the GOP presidential nomination.
It has been widely mentioned as their money mate on an independent ticket
with New York mayor Michael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, so last month, he wouldn't run.
Oh, yeah.
Hagle said that despite holding one of the Senate's strongest records of support
for President Bush, his standing as a Republican has been called into question
because of his opposition to what he deems a reckless foreign policy
that's divorced from a strategic context.
Hagle has been a harsh critic of the war since 2003,
writes that the invasion of Iraq was the triumph of the so-called neo-conservative ideology
as well as Bush administration arrogance and incompetence, to which I would say you are.
Absolutely correct.
The Vietnam Federative and Senate, he hoped the lessons from that war
would give the nation's leaders perspective before troops were sent to Iraq.
To the astonishment of those of us who lived through the agony of Vietnam,
these lessons were ignored in the run-up to the Iraq war, he writes.
Hagle said by his President of the dictator,
now there's cherry-picked intelligence and used fear to intensify war sloganering.
See, war is not about just about killing and like that.
War is about the business.
War is a blaze.
During visits to the Middle East in December 2002,
Hagle said, Israel's top security officials asked,
do you really understand what you're getting yourselves into?
Hagle said Bush personally assured him that he would exhaust diplomatic avenues
before committing troops to Iraq.
The senator said he voted for the war resolution based on those assurances,
but regrets the vote because now it's clear the lawmakers were presented with lies and swishful thinking.
Last year, Hagle was the only member of his party on the Senate-form relations committee
to support a non-vinding measure, critical abortions decision to dispassion
and initial 30,000 troops to Iraq.
There is no strategy.
This is a ping-pong game with American lives, Hagle said at the time,
and again, he was absolutely correct.
But, let me be careful not to worry about that,
because Obama's preacher is a, you know, a schwarz who talks to crap, you know.
Oh, boy, this is what it all boils down to is crap, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
You know exactly what I mean.
I don't know.
836 votes on the pool, man.
We're going to be way over a thousand a day.
Oh, I can sleep in tomorrow late if I want to do,
but I think I'm going to get in that pundi act tomorrow morning,
although I'm afraid to drive it.
Remember that guy that said, oh, you're afraid to drive me?
I'm afraid to drive.
People say the stupidest things.
Yeah, exactly. They really do.
Just anything to take a shot.
I don't mind taking a shot, because I'm contrary to that polio
that I'm not thin skin.
Otherwise, I couldn't have done this for a hundred years.
You can say whatever you want.
As long as I get paid, I don't really give a crap what anybody says.
That's why those people who take the shots, oh, we're going to,
we're going to really get hammered.
What do I care?
They wish.
What do I care?
Stupid, stupid idiotic jerks like even a virgin center said,
I wonder if that guy's dead.
He's got to be dead.
He's got to be dead.
He's got to be dead.
Maybe they buried him right underneath a 79th street causeway.
Now that bridge was a pain in the ass.
Remember?
Mm-hmm.
Was always going up at the most inappropriate times.
You'd sit there and you'd wait.
You'd wait and wait.
I don't think I don't think that's like pass A.
Yeah?
All these rich bastards with their yachts, with their big yachts.
Go some other way.
Okay, don't go across that thing.
Cross that bridge.
Go some other way.
Turn around and go home.
Rich people would, yeah, I'd like to watch your name there.
The alleged Cuban singer.
What's her name?
Gloria Stefan.
Who couldn't sing her out of a paper sack?
You could stick her town in a thimble and have room for the Chinese Army's asses left over in there.
And by the way, don't discount the Chinese.
Let me tell you.
What do you mean discount them?
How can you discount them?
You could barely count them.
They're so dumb.
Talking about from a sexual standpoint.
Oh, I wouldn't know and probably won't.
Well, why not?
Women have flat asses.
I mean, if I ever see one that's got a fat glasses, a substantial ass or an ass worth grabbing.
Oh, in other words, one that has to have a substantial ass view to be interested.
Is that what you're telling me?
No, but it helps.
And what if they're really beautiful and have the love she was breast?
Okay.
No, you're an ass guy, huh?
There's gotta be a human.
There's gotta be cute, at least.
What?
Yeah, they got nothing.
Why would the ass okay?
Oh, are you way better than what you're into, bud?
I've seen all the rumors of the all the whole gay are into ass.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's take a poll.
Pull on one.
Yeah, what's nicer?
A woman's ass or what you're into?
Oh, speaking of that, you have nerves in the news.
Speaking of that, that is right.
Nice segue.
John Friedman on John Friedman's Media Web says,
over the course of one hour chat last week with you, have there at the Playboy Manson's Library,
the King of Heedonism told me about a strict upbringing in Chicago,
the early days of Playboy magazine and how the conservative nature of the 50s helps spawn a media empire.
The thrust of this article is, if I can find it in here somewhere,
he's the supportant of Barack Obama.
This is an article about all kinds of other things,
which he's 81 years old, he's got three-living girlfriends,
the girl's next door of the popular EKB TV show,
whose ages are a fraction of his, what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
I mean, just because you're an old toad is that mean they have to be banging old broads
and look all saggy and gross and poor.
Where's the thing about Barack Obama?
I can't find it.
Besides the pictorial displays of Sexy Young Woman,
the magazine's signature has been the Playboy interview.
He smiled when he called the then-presential candidate,
Jimmy Carter, said during a Playboy interview that he lusted in my heart.
After hopes to get Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton to consent to interviews,
and in this campaign, after he said he's supporting Obama,
who's victory would send a message that the U.S. truly is a country of dreams.
Some of them even dry.
How do you like that?
You have to be supporting Barack.
The incidence of PTSD skyrocket between the second, third, and fourth tours of duty.
We have a sacred trust to our troops and our veterans.
And we have to live up to it and we have not yet done so.
You're all Barack, kick some ass, baby,
and put that preacher back in a freezer, okay?
Select another room.
This is a new project.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Jason, you're on QAM.
We don't have any National Guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard.
That's right, you had trained monkeys.
There's a lot of dirty holes.
And we're going to have a little change of pacemakers here once again.
What we're going to do here is talk about restaurants like ginger rugges.
There are a secret apartments.
I'm really excited about the heat of love.
Yeah, Daddy.
And we run Lexus Spats.
Enjoy.
The dangerous side of Melrose Park. Hello.
You know that Tiger Woods situation?
That was close.
I'll see here.
From now on I don't want none of you calling my show in any epicats.
You understand?
Call it ginger rugges over there.
Why are my sandwich between these men?
I'd had it with all your trained monkeys.
I don't need this.
I'm out of here.
Hi, Daddy.
What do you want?
That's old.
I just thought you'd want to know about the trained monkeys in the parking garage.
Oh, yes.
Get out of my way a lot.
But just for my amazing.
You saw it.
50 dollars.
It's been waiting for you.
I told you to go away.
Wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
I'll hold it.
This ain't your Roscoly Brown.
You are quite correct, sir.
I did not know you were gay.
OK, let them 45 at 560 WNK.
We got the jerk show from D'Arral.
It's a two-for-all-you golf nut.
Oh, baby.
Aren't you all whipped up about that?
About the tiger and the s'm not.
Boring.
Vince and Margate says,
belated we'll come back from a fan of Margate.
Today's pool is missing eight holes on cell phones.
And then he says, hope all as well.
All as well, Vince, as well as can be expected under these circumcises.
Everything is just fine.
And you know something in the last couple of days,
I realized when I find out about other people's prevails and problems,
sometimes you take your own situation a little bit too seriously
and you realize how lucky you are.
Like, you know, some of these things should be my worst problems, you know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
Other people have got issues.
I mean, not that we don't all have issues.
In fact, that's a stupid, uh, I hate when people...
Oh, she's got issues.
Uh, he's got, well, who doesn't have issues, you know?
Why do they say that?
Right.
So we put that on there, eight holes on cell phones on the pool.
Sure, right.
We'll get a lot of votes.
We'll get a lot of votes.
And you'll notice that when you'll see a lot of people driving erratically
and too slow and like weaving and wandering,
and you'll finally get past them while you're swearing
and shaking your fist and screaming and honking your horn,
and you'll see they're not paying any attention to you
or do they're driving because they're on the cell phone.
Now, I have mixed feelings about that.
And the fact that I don't take any calls anymore,
I don't really care whether they've banned cell phones and cars or not.
I used it from a selfish standpoint thing.
That would be bad for us because then you wouldn't get, you know,
Eddie on a mobile like that, you know?
Am I right?
Right.
Look at those floods in misery, baby,
and that's because God has really parked off of them.
He hasn't figured out why yet, but he's pealed.
His wrath waxes hot.
His wrath shall wax hot.
Oh!
They're like that poor yesterday, man.
That's it.
The religious people are the crazy people.
They're dangerous and the more religious, the more dangerous they are.
I think today I'm going to go out and buy a limo.
Okay.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Oh, man.
Now, I don't know about you, but have you ever, well, this is a stupid question,
because in your case, you do it every day.
But have you ever wanted to just have the desire to go and do something really stupid,
really crazy, you know?
Really irresponsible?
Yeah, let I do it.
Yeah, well, I know.
Almost every day.
I do too.
860 month votes on that poll.
In your opinion, the worst drivers in South Florida are,
once we get to a thousand, I'm changing the poll, it won't be that fast, though.
It should have been more, didn't we have like 999 when we started?
Yeah.
It was a pretty good start today, as opposed to yesterday, and then we made a thousand yesterday.
It was a miracle.
I told her, at the end of the show, I bet you're Chris remembers.
Oh, of course, I do.
You're sure to remember your course is going to hell in a handbag, because all those drugs.
And all those chicks with a great ass says,
what?
Asses.
They are more than one?
Chicks with great asses.
Now, that's a good grammatical dilemma there.
Is it chicks with a great ass or chicks with great asses?
Like I said, I got a decent English buddy.
Oh, me too.
Good.
I was a genius in school, no one could happen.
Yeah, you're such a failure.
I was voted most likely to succeed by my peers in high school.
I had a fact that, look at this, I'm the most successful graduate of my high school class.
How do you like that?
According to my buddies from high school, I don't hear from them anymore.
I was corresponding with that one who came up with his girlfriend, remember that?
And we had dinner I'd winded on them.
At Ruth Chris, we had a great meal and a great chat.
We were reminisced, it was great, went on for hours and hours.
And then I heard a couple more emails from him and I was the end of it.
In fact, generally, the only time I get any emails from anybody from back in those days is to tell me somebody we went to school would die.
Yeah, that's a suicide.
Really?
Yeah.
Huh.
And you think back to that and you wonder, you know, why does somebody, why does somebody commit suicide?
Maybe they got up in the morning and they looked in the mirror and they realized they were getting old and ugly and...
Right.
They had some miserable nasty spouse who was nagging and annoying.
Maybe they stopped having sex.
Is that what does it?
I did that a while back and I had nothing to do it for me.
I did that a while back and I had nothing to do it for myself yet.
I just don't even recall what it's all about.
You know, just vaguely.
It's about fun.
Oh, just vaguely.
I mean, you might have told me.
Maybe now and now and I'm seeing you in Woodbun, I see somebody really, really hot.
I think now I remember exactly what it's all about, but then they run.
I don't care what you say about the Asians.
Well, you're not one of those people.
Well, you just said the Asian women have flat hands.
No, no, no, no, no.
We weren't talking about Asians.
We were talking about the Chinese.
I've seen beautiful Japanese women with nice outfit.
Eight Japanese people are so...
Generally speaking, I'm sure there's some beautiful Japanese people, but generally speaking they're pretty ugly.
We're talking about different men and women.
Chinese people on the other hand are beautiful and they got the...
Oh, man.
And then...
Because once they were born here, it's supposed to be in China.
Don't smell bad.
Because they were born in China.
They're old anyway.
Couldn't disagree more.
What?
But we're talking about different genders.
Maybe the Chinese men are spectacular in the gender.
Beautiful.
Then, a rugby.
See, there's a stereotype, especially among gay males, that the Chinese guys are all hung like a rabbit.
Who cares?
Number one, who cares about that except a size queen, which I think is fine, obnoxious.
Number two, that's not necessarily true.
There are exceptions to the rule.
If you do enough homework, that's what I've been doing.
I've been doing the traveling, scouring the world.
We've certainly learned the world.
Now, Robert Scheer writes this on the Smirking Chimp, okay, from Truth Dig.
Anything else I need to add to that?
Smirkingchimp.com, Robert Scheer.
Bush's legacy of failure is the headline on the article.
That idiotic what me worried looked just never leaves the man's visage.
Once again, there was our president presenting over disasters and part of his making and totally on his watch,
grinning with an aplomb that's existed in a serious disconnect between his worldview and existing reality.
Being in his announcement that Iraq was being secured on the day when bombs ripped through that sad land
or posed between his Treasury Secretary and Federal Reserve Chairman to applaud the government's bailout of a failed bank,
George Bush was the only one inexplicably smiling.
Failure suits him.
It's a stance he learned well while presiding over one failed Texas business der after another,
and it served him splendidly as he claimed to title a president of the U.S. after losing the popular and maybe even the electoral vote.
It carried him to the most ignominious chapter of U.S. foreign policy from the lies of the Butterwacks' weapons of mass destruction
to an unprecedented presidential defensive torture.
The totally unwarranted assurance was there this week as the once proud dollar fell into the toilet
and the debacle of Iraq and Bush's other failed midi's policies pushed oil prices directly to highs.
The Europeans who didn't support the U.S. imperial intervention are doing much better,
not having to pay for guarding the siege oil pipelines while U.S. taxpayers are settled with trillions in future debt,
not to mention 4,000 U.S. military debts, and 30,000 U.S. injuries in award the administration had promised to be paid for with Iraqi oil revenues.
Even in Baghdad last week there wasn't enough oil to keep the lights on for more than just a few hours.
But the president's happy because his legacy is you the war on terrorism tax,
no matter this week that the Pentagon was forced to release a report conducted over the last five years
that concluded after surveying 600,000 official Iraqi documents captured by U.S. forces
that there is no smoking gun establishment, any establishing any connection between Solomon and Al-Qaeda.
The report was so embarrassing that we taxpayers who paid for it were not going to be told of its existence,
even though the explosive conclusions were totally declassified until ABC News forced its posting online.
The network reported that the Pentagon of cancel plans to wish were press release
or make it available by email or otherwise online because as one Pentagon official put it,
the study is too politically sensitive.
Damn right it is, Bush squatted U.S. treasure and lives in an effort that had nothing to do with the infamous attack on America.
As for the real war on terror against the real Al-Qaeda, those folks are very much on the rebound
just where they were before the 9-11 attack building their bases in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
Meanwhile, back on the home front Wall Street is crumbling not because of plans crashing into buildings
but because the outrageous needs of finance freed from the most minimal requirements of public accountability
have been permitted to destroy America's reputation in the world for financial probity.
In the name of ending what were claimed to be own risk regulations imposed after the Great Depression,
this administration accelerated a bipartisan pattern of allowing Wall Street to be trained vistas with impunity
while abandoning the federal government's obligation once accepted equally by conservative Zen Liberals
to ensure our national solvency.
This tendency underway for decades to give the bankers what they wanted,
cutified in the Financial Services Modernization Act, which was signed in law by Bill Clinton,
and which permitted bank stockbrokers and insurance companies to merge,
was exacerbated by Bush's opponent of her patience corporate foxes to watch the corporate henhouse.
They'll take care of their own, which is why Bush was smiling,
happily posing that photo op between Henry Paulson Jr. and Ben Bernanke announcing the Beristerns bailout,
made possible only by the federal government using your tax dollars to pick up the bad debt of the banks.
Take that picture to your wall to remind you when you open a credit card double the 30% interest rate,
not the 2% the federal charge banks, or see the increase in your adjustable rate mortgage
or just what your government will do for the really big guys that it will never do for regular folks.
And the years to come as millions of the retirement income and homes will have occasion to remember Georgie Porgy,
who kissed the taxpayers and made them cry before he ran away.
Georgie Porgy, that's what Robert Scheer says on the smircling chimp.
Got it?
Yeah.
Georgie Porgy made them cry.
He sure makes me cry every time I see him. I want to cry. I don't want to laugh or cry.
874 votes on the pool. Come on, let's get that up there so I can change it.
There's slowing way down now and that's because of Chris.
What?
In your opinion, the worst drive, why you haven't been pushing it, man?
I keep telling you, give it a little push. Let's go people.
Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let
go. Let's go.
You use your tone, birdie, or in a twenty dollar horn.
Keep saving, keep praying, blowing through your castes, you're seeing hardcore $5,000.
You're fair.
I'm getting my money's worth.
That's the important thing.
If you're getting your money's worth, honey.
Get your money, honey.
I know you weren't talking to me for that.
I was thinking about some of the people I occasionally see.
I was really, really wealthy.
I was a multi-millionaire.
I'd always carry a whole bunch of hundreds in my wallet.
I'd have a special pouch.
How much is enough?
Let me know what to stop the doll knees out.
That's disgusting and grotesque.
I'm sure there were a lot of people.
Some of us are perfectly reasonable.
Whatever. None of my business.
That's right.
I live this whole business about illegal prostitution.
It's an acid on it.
It's ridiculous.
How can the government tell you what to do with your body?
Why is it legal to give it away?
But it will be legal.
If you just have a body belong to the government, of course not.
What the hell?
I'll be sure to borrow your arm.
Hopefully this is a test room.
I'm going to have to...
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Maybe it's your heart monitor.
No, boy.
Maybe you're having palpitations.
Halle?
Let's see what they say.
It's going to definitely be a false alarm.
You'll give me a beat.
Eugh.
Eugh.
You can almost dance through it.
I didn't see nothing about any...
What do you mean, almost?
Wait, wait till they come on and they tell us something would be nice.
This is an advanced...
A test of the alarm?
Whatever the hell they say, you know?
Uh-huh.
Now you can actually hear that because I got the door open.
Yeah.
I think I heard the door.
Should I let it keep going?
I don't know.
It sounds like it's here.
Why?
It almost sounds like it's at our place.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Pretty loud.
What's the story, eh?
Let me go and take a look out the door.
Let me open the door and look down the hallway and see if there's any smoke.
Jesus Christ, you maniacs.
You look at this.
See, I'm going to the limonound because I don't know whether they're close to the door so you can't hear it and it doesn't go on the ear.
Or because if I do that then if they say, hey, guess what?
It's a real alarm and there's like some sewers down here or whatever.
You know what I mean?
Hey, we're in radio.
We're supposed to burn up.
Where, why?
You know when the alarm goes off over here in the station, we're supposed to stay right here.
Good down with the ship.
That's right.
So you're suggesting as you just sit right here?
That's right.
You have a fire escape, don't you?
Wouldn't you think that they would come on and say something by now after this hysteria going on?
Maybe.
I think you're going to be a sliker and pretend that it's a real thing and then take off.
I'm going to close the door.
I can't possibly do this show this way.
If the building burns down, you'll know I'm dead.
Right.
Anyway, I'm here.
Just relax.
Don't do that.
I couldn't make a lot of noise during the background.
I got enough noise in my background.
From a White House advisor, Lewis Scooter Libby convicted last year for lying to a grand jury
in federal agents probing the leak of a CIA agent's identity, was disbarred from practicing law and nations capital today.
When a member of the bar is convicted of an offensive involving moral turpitude,
this barman is mandated to it, the district of Columbia, a certain court of appeals wrote in its opinion,
which is posted on his website.
Last July, a court sentenced Libby once vice president.
Look at that.
Here's a message from the professor.
Get the hell out of there.
I'm not getting out of here.
Are you crazy?
Oh wait a minute.
Here comes the number.
What is that?
Now they're going to make an announcement.
One moment please.
All right.
Wow, this is all it's on.
Meadow, can you name the tune, the title?
Give you a hit.
Hearts on fire?
Close.
A little bit more grammatically appropriate.
Heart on fire?
What Neil's going to be saying here if he doesn't get the hell out of this building?
My ass is on fire?
Close.
A little girl is her dead home.
Did he go in with you?
Oh, man.
I got a bet he said.
Rhymes with that.
Ready?
Ready, ready, ready?
Oh, I'm on fire.
Another eagle.
A little girl.
And no doubt one of our conciergey comes on.
They got an alarm on the second floor.
And they in the, I don't know what.
And I'll be just stopped it.
So is it a real fire?
I don't know.
It never ends.
They have these four or five times a year minimum.
Last lie, a court sentence, Libby.
Once Vice President Cheney Chief of Staff,
to a 30-month prison term,
prison and Bush later commuted Libby sentence,
calling it excessive.
The prison stopped sure of not right pardon,
noting that our entire system of justice
relies on people telling the truth.
Yeah, telling the truth.
Right, that will be the day when we get the truth
from these lying Nazi bastards, won't it?
Listen, now all of a sudden it went quiet.
That's why it is like deathly quiet.
Maybe your ruins burned up in dead.
Uh-oh.
There's that sound.
Yes?
Oh, brother.
Just another one of these BS deals, you know.
Fire departments on the scene,
and go into a panic.
890 G votes on the pool.
But we sure crawl along.
I thought we were going to have the thousand wheel early.
I'm going to change it when we get to 900.
How's that?
Inpatient.
What?
Inpatient.
Not inpatient.
I just, you know, now what are we going to do tomorrow?
Now we'll do all the bedtime stories over the weekend,
even though I got the day off tomorrow.
Oh, thank God.
You were a staff to do that, could.
When I was on vacation,
George had some issues with that.
Right.
Well, you said that there were two days.
I only remember one where I posted two.
There was a day when there were no stories.
A 15-minute leave, which was a Saturday.
I do believe I could be wrong,
but I think it was, you know, a lot of times.
Oh, that's what I was talking about.
I got a lot of trouble.
Went from here straight to that concert.
I didn't have time to do no stories.
What?
I was on the road, man.
I was nowhere near a computer.
Didn't get home to, like, four in the morning that night.
Went straight from here out to the swamp to a party in the swamp.
So, in other words, that, that's how much we can depend on you.
Oh, the stuff around me.
Yeah, I guess.
I've heard them Saturday morning.
It was a concert.
I think back what I said about Judge Cordes,
you're the irresponsible.
It was a concert and I did them the following morning.
It was like 20, the following morning.
You were the low-down stoner, man.
That's what you are.
Okay.
What's your point?
Those people out there who live in that bad way.
Ten stars and what's it?
You'd be like, you know, what?
All ten of them.
Just like that iodine guy.
He wants to know who wrote them and where they came from and etc.
Oh, yeah.
Those are Sanchez with the look in fat face.
Sanchez, though, we're almost saying that no,
it's actually been bad for the economy.
Well, that's, how's that play with soldiers that are coming back?
Oh, good, God.
It's just, you know, something there are times you want to take every TV set within about a 10-mile radius
and just destroy them, throw them over the balcony, throw them out the window.
By the way, it's sunny and looks really beautiful, although I know it's not.
Well, you want to know how I know it's not because I went this morning,
which I never do that.
I think that's the first time I've ever done that.
I put on my clothes, about 9.15, because I knew I didn't have enough soda to last for the whole show.
I went out and bought extra last night, but I drank it.
And if I don't have my diet soda here, I mean, I got a, I can't talk for four hours.
You know, you get a little bit dry.
You know, I'm talking about, do you?
I have to have some to drink during the show.
Got a big jug of water right here next to me.
Now, you've got a big jug, all right.
I got one right next to it, too.
900 votes, I'm changing the pool.
Is that okay to have Chris' permission?
Then of course, Chris' sir.
Oh, what's the matter? Are you sick? Are you under the weather?
You know, I know you were concerned.
You were very concerned, am I right?
Exactly.
Does anybody believe that?
No, you're just a nervous, no, that's all.
I mean, just cause I gotta have the soda, doesn't mean that I'm sick, do I sound like I'm sick?
I oughta be sick after all the crap I eat, you say?
Yeah.
Even the carbohydrates to fill up a battleship.
Even Noah would have been embarrassed.
How's that, Matt?
And she's, I didn't have no mac and cheese.
That wasn't there long enough.
Oh, here comes the final denouement.
Here comes.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what?
I have a hot tank, I'm pleased.
No, speak it in English.
Yeah?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
We're investigating the problem. Please stay back for further instructions on what is our
company. Tell me it's used with beer. This is like a boy in quite a walker's building.
They ever did have a real fire. Nobody would believe it anyway.
Right.
What?
Here's the, I just changed the poll.
Here's the final result. Nine hundred votes. In your opinion, the worst drivers in South
Florida, Haitians 307, old Jews 146, teenagers 141, women 133, old Julio's 131, French
Canadians, frogs 23, and A-holes on cell phones 19. It was a late addition but did very nicely.
And here's what has told us from our friend Sean and Hollywood. What? It actually has
22. What?
Vote not 19.
Hey, listen, when you're stopping and nitpickered is a, who cares?
Well, we got to 900. That was what we had. Jesus, you got to get that 1000 to move.
We need some help. Which of these things has most likely to happen in your lifetime?
I'm voting for the second coming of Jesus. If he can play baseball on my team, Jesus.
We got nine votes on here already. World or run out of oil? Second coming of Jesus?
Man's space like the Mars? Peace in the Middle East? Oh, yeah.
Cure for cancer, cure for AIDS or legalization to marijuana in the U.S.
Right. Hold your breath on that one.
What? That's fire alarm. Think it just threw me for a loop.
Get out of here with that.
Now, here's the fact from Sean with a couple of polls.
If you were emperor of America, what would you decree?
Movies? What does that mean? Movie citizen acts based on the investigation of Russian serial killer
Andrei Chikatilo was made for HBO, but so was the hitcher.
The hitcher was made for HBO with C. Thomas Hall and Marker Howard.
Okay. Nice job. I know that.
HBO does a good productions, original stuff.
I don't understand this. I guess these are movies we're supposed to see.
But anyway, whatever. He said George is right about breach.
It's about the investigation in the rest of FBI spy Robert Hansen.
And from my right over the case, the movie is pretty accurate.
Despite the fact that Ryan Phillips acting is about as convincing as a Tom Cruise marriage.
Oh, is he knocking my boy Ryan Philippi?
That's what it felt like. He did a fine job.
I thought.
It's a real fly opener. It says on top of being a horrendous traitor,
Hansen was unstable, pervert, who sent his friend Stagg films of his wife,
created subordinates like Downer Cattle and was such a fanatic or Clinton-hating,
fundamentalist Catholic he made, Turkey might have looked like a heretic.
These are the people we depend on to protect us from the commies and terrorists sleep well.
Also, it says for the scratchy dropper with Vine,
would they not send a car for you or comp your car,
if I was a casino manager, I sure is how it would.
And then here's the polls and the stuff.
Let's see. The reason your poll isn't doing well is because Cubans aren't on there.
They don't have to be older, all horrible drivers,
says your close personal friend, the professor.
Oh, how about that?
Yeah, well, excuse me.
Yeah, we just changed that poll. Okay, get with it. Okay.
Get with it.
I love the stuff.
I love the stuff. It's either George.
I know. Sounds like a shot at everybody. I didn't know we were such a bigot.
Hmm.
You don't like Cuban drivers? Is there something wrong with that?
Nobody's complaining about the fact that we put old Jews on there,
or Haitians.
You put old Julios on there? I didn't complain about that.
Yeah, old Julios is enough of that.
And, you know, 24 votes on the new poll.
I see you see nothing in my madness.
We'll have a thousand before you know it.
And then we can all go home and listen to the fire alarm real.
What the heck is this name?
The best tapeteer of your country.
I'm gonna go out and get a lot of money.
I'm gonna buy some of this.
Let's beat you to the end.
I think for its leader.
I've you been abused in the workplace.
Rate or screwed.
Place your career in my zokie smooth hands.
Hello. This is Norma Kent.
For the lore orifices of the Norma Kent.
If you need me to conduct business on your behalf,
let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore,
but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800-THIS-SO MANY MAN TO EXPLORE.
That's 1-800.
Maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas Day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California,
call 1-800-THIS-SO MANY MAN TO EXPLORE.
Call now and you will receive a free cell phone
one that works almost as good as born.
You can see this, you can see this.
You can see this.
That wasn't my cell phone. His name is Stazar.
At the farm.
1218-560 WQM.
The good news is my door is open.
I can breathe a fresh air.
The hulio down there in the concierge is no longer mumbling a bunch of cramp.
The fire department is on the scene.
They're checking it all out.
Add a Nagorno writes in the New York Times.
Do you know how I'm speaking these all in there?
Yes.
I don't want to get any more facts about you.
You're going to read these articles.
Tell us who it is.
Nothing is ever good enough.
Have you noticed that?
Yes, I have.
That's the South Florida audience.
How much do you do for them?
It's never enough.
It's like being married.
Oh, well, that's stadium.
That ballpark is at a bad location.
It's right at the daydrower line.
It couldn't be more centrally located in the two counties if they were like a tried.
I want to write next to my house.
I want a more convenient.
In fact, that's a good idea.
Let's build a stadium right next to everybody's house.
Senator, it says Clinton facing narrower path than nomination.
This is the New York Times this morning.
Senator Swirli Rotten needs three breaks to rest in the Democratic presidential nomination
from Barack Obama.
In view of her advisors, she has a defeated Obama soundly in Pennsylvania next month,
a buttress or argument that she holds an advantage in big general election states.
She needs to lead.
Oh, here we go.
This should be the finale for this whole thing.
I hope.
She needs to lead in the total popular vote.
Yes?
See?
See?
Everything is fine.
Okay, everything's been reset to normal.
No fire.
No problem.
No problem.
I shot up already.
Okay, John.
She needs to lead.
Yes.
Good.
She needs to lead in the total popular vote act of the primaries in June.
And Mrs. Clinton is looking for some development to shake confidence in Mr. Obama,
so that's super delegates, Democratic party leaders and elected officials of our free to decide
which candidate to support overturn his lead among the pledge delegates from primaries and caucuses.
For Mrs. Clinton, all of this had seen something of a long shot since her defeat in February,
but that shot seems to have grown a little longer.
Despite her last minute trip to Michigan on Wednesday, Democrats there signal that they're
unlikely to hold a new primary.
That apparently dashed Mrs. Clinton's hopes of a new showdown in the state she feels she could win
and elected state delegates in limbo.
The inaction of Michigan followed the similar collapse of her effort to seek another match
here for the Obama in Florida, whereas in Michigan she won an earlier primary held in violation
of party rules.
Without new votes in Florida in Michigan, it'll be that much more difficult for swallowing to achieve a majority
in the total popular vote in the primary season, near all of Obama's lead among pledge delegates
or build a new wave of momentum.
She needs the big mow.
Mrs. Clinton's advises had hoped that the upper over-inflameter remarks made by Mr. Obama's
long-time pastor that his Roxy's campaign for week might lead voters in super delegates
to question whether they really know enough about Obama to back him.
Although it's still too early to judge his success, the speech Mr. Obama delivered on
race and field alphelia who addressed the controversy was well received and praised even by some
Clinton supporters.
Tad defined a Democrat consultant who is not supporting a candidate, said Mrs. Clinton faced a challenge that although
Harvey Inser-Mountable was growing tougher almost by the day, Mr. Devine said it was critical
for her to come out ahead and pop it a vote, cut into Obama's lead and race question to
Obama's selectability to win over super delegates.
There are going to have to be flawless in executing the strategy which achieves the goal of taking
away the advantage Obama has in pledge delegates in the popular voting end, and any major setback
can undercut that goal, Obama's in the advantageous position.
The race is certainly not over, with 10 contest remaining Mrs. Clinton trails Obama by about 150
delegates of the 2025 needed to secure the nomination.
If there is a road to victory for Mrs. Clinton, it's a fairly narrow one.
Her chief strategist, Mark Penn, said the campaign believed that when the primary voting was
done, Mrs. Clinton would have a lead in the overall popular vote that Obama's lead and delegates
would be relatively narrow, and that polls would show her in a stronger position than Mr. Obama.
Victory is in contest where she's stronger competitive like Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Puerto Rico,
and perhaps Oregon and Indiana could give her a burst of energy.
No less important than campaign hopes that Obama will have been battered by five or
a week that raised questions about his past, including the pastors and sendy-airy comments,
that wanted to score a swallowing to Democrats that they were rallying around someone
who was untested and unvetted.
The super delegates aren't going to really decide until June, Mr. Penn said,
he's just going through a vetting and testing process that didn't happen a year ago and is happening now.
The whole vetting and testing process will make a big difference.
It is in the interest of Mrs. Clinton's campaign to portray the contest as being highly competitive
her campaign is intent on combating Mr. Obama's efforts to pick off super delegates
and increasingly are concerned that any sign that the window is closing could lead a Democrat
like Al Gore, a speaker in Nancy Pelosi to step in and urge Democrats to back Obama in the interest of unity.
In truth and interviews, Mrs. Clinton's advisor said that task was tough and growing tougher
and that the critical questions were what would happen with Florida and Michigan
and the possibility of developments involving Mr. Obama's relationship with his spiritual advisor
the Reverend Jeremiah A. Wright, Jr.
The fight over Florida and Michigan is just probably about delegates, victories and new primaries
in those states are among the only realistic ways for Mrs. Clinton to erase Obama's advantage
in the total popular vote.
Obama's angel, where Mrs. Clinton is about 700,000 votes out of 26 million cash,
excluding caucuses in the dispute of Florida and Michigan results about 12 million people
are eligible to vote in remaining contests.
Aides to the two candidates that even with the best possible showing for Mrs. Clinton in the states
and it was hard to see how she could pass Obama without Michigan and Florida.
She received 300,000 more votes than Obama and Florida in January
and Michigan were another of her major opponents even on the ballot.
She drew 62,000 more than the rest of the opponents.
Mrs. Clinton's advisor said that absent some deal of seats delegates from those states
the campaign would still argue that the popular vote in Michigan and Florida be counted.
Right! There's nobody else on the ballot but let's count it anyway.
Right!
The popular vote is the popular vote for all the seats that Harold Icky's,
a senior advisor to Mrs. Clinton, for people to claim that because delegates weren't seated
you can't count the popular vote seeing the somewhat goofy, right?
Yet that could be a tough argument to make.
None of the candidates campaigned in Michigan or Florida and Mr. Obama's name didn't even appear
in the ballot in the Michigan ballot.
Finally, Mrs. Clinton's aides hope that this closures about Mr. Obama's past
like the one of OKMr. Wright could give super delegates pause.
Mr. Divine said he thought that at least in terms of democratic primary voters,
Obama had turned his fear to his advantage with his speech on race.
Obama confronted by an issue that was boiling, seemed to wait into the speech
that was in any ways profound, Divine said, as a result, now these people were so interested
and awakened by his candidacy are back with him again.
Instead of this being a setback, now it becomes an opportunity.
But the audience now is as much as the Democrats' super delegates who are especially attuned
to politics and questions of electability and the fall as it is a rank-and-file voters.
Swarries' advisors said they had spent recent days making the case to wavering super delegates
and Mr. Obama's association with Mr. Wright would doom their party in a general election
that argument could be Mrs. Clinton's last hope for winning this contest.
Says Adam Nagorno in the New York Times.
Clinton facing narrower path in nomination.
That's the headline in the article OK in this morning's New York Times.
March 20th, 2008.
If I give enough information about where it is and what it is.
Thank you for the back-and-outs.
For what?
The back-and-outs, you know, like when you play a song as a DJ.
Don't forget to fill out your brackets for the big tournament just log on to wqm.com.
Register to play Hoops' hysteria, baby.
Everybody's hysterical, like Connie and the Godfather.
She's hysterical.
Pics can be made round-by-round and bonus points are given for picking up sets.
That's Hoops' hysteria online at mostprosegiuswqam.com.
The best talent in this new project is 4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
David's a bitch.
Welcome to my new films.
It's been here for a long time.
Welcome to the new films.
It's time for the log.
Not a log.
Not a dialogue.
Not this kind of log.
Not a Lincoln log.
Not a captain's log.
Not log happens here.
No, it's not a log of anything worth your time listening to.
So let's go to the log.
That's not a dialogue.
Not a P-can-candy log.
It's a log from the chocolate thunder from down under.
On the chocolate thunder from down under.
At ESPN I made a little blunder.
This was a little they gave me in here from the sport hole oven.
I'm a chocolate thunder from down under.
Well I prefer chips.
For working here I can't say no mode.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Heat me ball.
Oh yeah there's going to be a big tune in for that here.
The stats from last night's record smashing performance by the heat.
Right here at the air Canada Center in Toronto against the Raptors.
Raptors beat at 96 to 54.
Is that the right score?
Stombs ball right?
Yes right.
I wrote it down.
96 to 54.
42 points.
Almost double.
And it was the all time 26 points in the first half which was the all time low in any half against the Raptors.
They were saying last night.
Not that I watched that crap but I turned over for just a second because I had seen the score on the sports channel.
I couldn't believe it so I flipped over to it and they were saying oh my god the heat really suck.
Yep and would you say the heat sucker the heat sucks.
Good question.
The heat sucks.
In the summertime you bet and all the other time.
They stuck.
Oh okay.
What do you know is the rim man.
Big end tonight is a macarena carolina at your panthers.
We love the panthers.
Bapapapaya they're on the verge are only four points out.
I don't think they'll make it though.
They won't set it in the row.
Sooner or later they're going to lose a couple of games and that'll be oh sorry.
This is from the Sun Central by Michael Mayo.
Wow Michael Mayo I printed out a comp by Mike Mayo.
Oh well about once or twice a year he writes something that actually is meaningful and is worth reading on the air.
Michael the Mayo you like that.
Right.
He says just one Florida science classroom seems safe for evolution.
Along come some legislators with a thinly available attempt to inject religion out of the guys of an academic,
out of the guys of academic freedom.
The proposed academic freedom act would protect public school teachers who present scientific information
relevant to the full range of views on biological and chemical origins.
The bill would also prohibit students from being penalized for a subscribing to a particular position on evolution.
The bill is written with so much mumbo jumbo and wiggle room you wonder what the true motives are.
The bill does not allow or authorize the teaching of creation is more intelligent design
and assisted representative Alan Hayes, Republican of Umatilla,
who filed a house version of the bill.
Right says Mike.
Hay said the bill would allow discussions about competing theories along with weaknesses in Darwin's theory of evolution.
This protects the freedom of speech for teachers in the classroom.
Hayes said I want teachers to be able to show those holes in Darwin's theory of evolution without fear of chastisement.
Great.
They will not have provisions covering teachers and all subjects such as health teachers will want to discuss a full range of information
in sex education classes like birth control and abortion.
That's more of a parental responsibility than the school responsibility.
Hayes said what kind of academic freedom is that Mike Mayo wants to know?
The bill has been reacting to last month's decision by the State Board of Education,
formally, including the word evolution in science curriculum standards for the first time.
Broward and Palm Beach County Public Schools have long used the E-word,
but districts and other parts of the state have chaped at the mention of evolution.
The old state standards deemed inadequate by very-and-science education groups
you have domestically mentioned biological changes over time.
The proposed legislation still in the early stages of the house was pushed at a news conference in Tallahassee last week.
On hand, we'll release this conservators and attorney for a think tank and Ben Stein.
The eclectic economist, S.A.S. Gaines Show host and actor,
who's produced a documentary on intelligent design,
which posits that life is too complex to be explained by evolution.
I told you it was a crazy person Ben Stein, did I?
Right.
Hayes is a retired dentist in the city,
spent hours and hours in classrooms learning biochemistry,
zoology, and organic chemistry.
He's also a Baptist who believes that God created the world knowledge creatures.
I'd rather have our teachers teach kids how to think than what to think,
hey, I'm all for that, too, says Mike, don't hold a male.
So when it contacts them not uncomfortable with having critical and wide-raged classroom discussions
that use facts to explore different views,
I'm not even opposed to bringing up competing theories that touch on religion and science classes
so long as those religious explanations aren't endorsed.
But if Hayes and other legislators want to go there in the name of academic freedom,
then they should be consistent.
If it's okay for science teachers to discuss the holes in Darwin's theory of evolution,
it should be okay for health teachers to discuss shortcomings with the abstinence only dogma
that's been deemed the only acceptable talking point when it comes to preventing pregnancy
and sexually transmitted disease.
If it's okay for science teachers to talk about controversial alternatives to Darwin,
it should be okay for health teachers to talk about birth control and abortion.
At this point, we don't need to introduce any more controversy, hey,
said it's already controversial enough.
With intellectual inconsistencies such as this,
it's hard to see this effort as anything other than a hand-handed attempt
to keep the flames of religion versus evolution in public school's burning.
FAMING!
Burning of the flame, like the Afiro-Marmue had here a while ago,
which they came on and announced a minute ago during the break.
It's all reset everything like that, but the elevators aren't working yet and they're working on it.
Now, do you know what that's going to mean if the elevators aren't working like a two o'clock?
It's going to mean you're going to be inconvenienced.
It's going to be bad.
You have to be scared.
You can see me walking up 25 flights of stairs.
I can see you rolling down 25 times.
Yeah, I'm talking about walking up.
How's somebody carrying it?
Right! How about a forklift sounds good.
Well, maybe I'll have to postpone lunch or something like that.
Because I'm not, you know,
it's one thing to like somebody.
It's nothing but like I'm going to kill yourself with a heart attack.
You're going to slap up 85 flights of stairs.
83 votes on a pool, by the way.
Good guess. I said what I said 85 is a second ago.
In fact, I bet if I refresh it, we've got 84.
There's the alley felching on CNN's.
What's the long from CNN.com Live?
Join us now.
Can I ask you a question? It's like a radio.
Like when Wendy Martez is on and some of the other people who don't belong on the air like that.
And he asks yourself, don't the people who run this place have ears?
Can't they hear that these people don't belong on radio?
Sports.
And it's like some of the people they put on television.
Don't these people have eyes? Can't they see that these people are ridiculous?
They're just patently offensive to people watching, just looking at them.
And they don't belong on TV.
That's supposed to matter.
But of course it does.
Of course it does.
It's a visual medium, baby.
I don't want to see Ali Felsi on my TV.
Which of these I know turn over to MSNBC.
Okay, and they'll have some bubble-headed broad on there doing the news.
They're very bizarre stories, say, but with all the important Pennsylvania primaries just around the corner.
Steve has all the hidden broads.
He can't read four words about it, but it'll be a little bit like that.
84 votes, which of these things is most likely to happen in your lifetime.
What is it?
Married space like the Mars.
You know something about this day.
I think I'm paying for being offered two hours tomorrow.
It's all in the office two hours.
It's not a big deal.
I like some kind of a big gigantic bonus.
Man's space like the Mars 21.
World will run out of oil, 19.
Legalization of marijuana in the US, 17.
Second coming of Jesus, 12.
Oh yeah, I'm sure my neighbor's waiting for that.
She's probably sitting on the stoop right now.
Come on, Jesus.
Kureford Rades 9.
Kureford Cancer 5.
And peace in the Middle East only won.
Because there's only one crazy person out there.
Oh crazy.
He's not a questioner.
He's in the Rogers.
4.60 QAM.
I think.
4.0.
I'm sorry, baby.
Let them.
Yes, raise.
All right.
Yes, raise.
We're at the point that we have two pairs.
We're getting pissed off the price.
There's a fucking...
We say, bushes, oil buddies are the ones to blame.
10 bucks every time I turn the key.
The prop of thought are pain and misery.
We bleed, well got companies have a record day.
Oh, let's go to scream and rip off the heads of the oil guys.
This is the thing that will make us realize.
Oh, we've got gas rage.
Yeah, we got gas rage.
Okay, we're pissed off from far enough, baby.
And that's just the way it goes.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those great gas presses.
OIL and ONY, which we don't have much of either anymore.
104 votes on the new poll.
That means we got over a thousand dollars told of the Chris Archipelago.
Are you proud?
Aren't you pleased?
So pleased.
Police arrested more than a dozen people yesterday morning who crossed a barricade and blocked
inferences on the IRS building.
The start of a day of protests marking the fifth anniversary of the US invasion of Iraq.
The Iraq attack.
A crowd gathered outside the IRS had quoted chanting, this is a crime scene and you were resting
the wrong people.
A marching bandlet protested down the street near the National Wall and around the IRS building
before dozens of demonstrators gathered at the entrance.
Protesters blocked the main entrance for a time, but no federal workers appeared to be
trying to use those doors.
Police detained 13 people who sat down to the side entrance.
And they shot a picture here on this story.
This is by the way from the commondreams.org by Sarah Karush.
Here's Jim Perrin 80 posing in this home in New Haven, Connecticut.
He wears hearing aids and has a pacemaker.
And he was one of the protesters who was arrested.
It was really dangerous to me.
I think I'm a regular, old guy, 80 years old.
Don't be fooled.
Looks like he weighs about 80 pounds.
He could put you five ways.
The demonstrators said they were focusing on the IRS because it gathers taxes that he
used to fund the war.
Anti-war protests and vigils were planned throughout the day around the nation.
At the American Petroleum and Student Downtown Washington, dozens of protesters held signs
reading out of Iraq and no war, no warming, and chanted no blood for oil.
Craig Etcheson 62 of the Terry College Professor from Cumberland, Maryland and Vietnam veteran said
he's been protesting the war for years.
I've watched with horror as Bush has lied about this war he said in front of the building.
I'm a part of the number of civilians we've killed just like we didn't Vietnam.
College students from New Jersey to North Dakota have planned walkouts while students at
the University of Minnesota vowed to shut down military recruiting or offices on campus.
This is the first time coordinated direct actions that civil disobedience are happening
said Barbara Bearden, communications manager for the group Peace Action.
People have never done this kind of action or stepping up and deciding now is the time
to do it.
In suburban Miami, Linda Belgrave is a shallowy professor at University of Miami and a handful
of protesters dressed in black-waved anti-war signs and drivers stuck in a morning rush
hour traffic near the U.S. Southern Command complex.
Belgrave said the group planned to lay flowers of the complex's entry friends later in the
morning.
This is the beginning of the sixth year of this horror and it's got to end said Belgrave
57.
Iraq was been unpopular both abroad in the U.S. although an APA, if so, is pulled in December
show that growing numbers of the U.S. think that the U.S. is making progress and eventually
be able to claim some success in Iraq.
Oh yeah, we're doing it.
They actually have a little bit of electricity a few hours a day, not too much.
The findings are rarity and the relentlessly unpopular property were came amid diminishing
U.S. interracalities in the start of modest troop withdrawals.
Still majorities are made upset about the conflict and convincing invasion was a mistake
and the issue still splits the country deeply along party lines.
Activist side frustration at the words dragged on for so long and hope the more dramatic
actions will galvanize others to protest.
Most people can't afford to take the time to protest because they can't afford to even
fill their tank up with gas because most people don't have two nickels rubbed together
anymore but nevertheless, thanks for the great economy Mr. President and a low gas prices
and the worthless American dollar.
Do I dare take a look and see a give the American dollar or holler now?
See how it's doing?
Especially against the loony man.
Oh my god.
I mean, I'm the loony.
I mean the ero.
Yeah.
110 votes on the new pool.
Just for your edification.
Oil is down to $100.95 a barrel.
Not a bargain?
Sure.
That's $111 at its peak.
If that was up 90 points, the S&P is up 8 1 1 2, you go S&P is up to you.
Oh, it's up.
Oh, wow.
And gold is down to $920 bucks an ounce.
Did I tell you precious metals and know what I said?
Take all your money George.
Precious metals.
Already did.
Both those dimes and a quarter already did.
What's the story with dimes?
What are they used to make them out of?
Oh, I was doing it in my throat.
A real silver and now they make one of like tin foil.
It's copper in the middle.
There's a copper in the middle.
There was a currency exchange up there so I don't have to sit here twiddling my thumbs.
Oh my god.
So, I know there ought to be a lot of log against this.
All right, here we go.
Oh, the loony is way down.
97.18.
That's good.
And the oil is down a little bit.
$154.17 and the pound under $2.98.
Those are still grotesque but the little bit of improvement there.
Hallelujah.
What did I say on the loony 97 and something?
All right.
All right.
You understand what that means?
Nope.
That's good news.
Now if we'll go back down to like 60, 7 or 62, what it was when I came here 6, 7 years ago,
then I would have like a little something.
Something?
When the American dollar is really worth something, which it was back then.
That means I've lost 50% of my spending power in the time that I've been here.
50%.
Can that scare you?
Nope.
In other words, if I go to wood by now and lose 400 bucks, that would be like 200 bucks
seven years ago.
But now it's like 400.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Youth in Asia debate woman found dead in Paris.
Oh, those frogs, baby.
Let me say it again.
All your French Canadians, we just took a poll.
Everybody was unanimous.
Everybody else wants you to go back to Quebec, eh?
Get lost.
Parleibub go away.
Jump on Z.
Our French woman severely disfigured by facial tumors has been found dead just two days
after a court rejected her request for an assisted suicide.
Medical examiners were looking today into the death of 52 year old Sean Tallasebier,
who's cases properly prompted not only Roman Catholic friends to reexamine its stance
on youth in Asia to determine whether anything illegal had taken place.
It wasn't immediately clear how she died.
Seabier had suffered from, oh, some rare and incurable form of cancer rate years.
I couldn't possibly estesian neuroblastoma.
Well, I'm proud of you did that.
Sure, it's not right, but developing tumors in her nasal passages and sinusitis
that distorted her face and caused her nose and eyes to bark.
Yeah, like that.
The woman from Dijon, Eastern France, said drugs were ineffective against the excruciating
pain caused by the condition, and there was no reason doctors shouldn't be permitted
to hasten her death.
Assisted suicide is illegal in France, however.
The law permits only passive youth in Asia, removing feeding and hydration tubes, like
when we had Terry McCall, what was her name, Terry?
Chybo.
What was it?
Chybo.
Chybo, see how out of sight out of mind.
Terry Chybo went her feeding tube, and they were all rushing back to prison in Congress,
rushing back, cut the weekend short, so they could hold in grandstand, grandstand.
The law permits only passive youth in Asia and France, removing feeding and hydration
tubes in a person's in a coma, or in a losing coma, and then removing the tubes.
Seabier's lawyer tried to convince her French court that it was barbaric to put her through
the ordeal of dying slowly in artificial coma, something that could take up to the
two weeks while her three children looked on it anguish.
The court turned the appeal down on Monday.
At the same time she would let it a French president sarcosi appealing for help.
He responded by suggesting top doctors should reexamine her for a second opinion.
Ha ha ha!
Let's get a second opinion.
Oh my God, that other knows that it's growing out of the side of her face.
Let's see if it's really another knows it.
It's just her plight and the questions that race caused so much public debate in France
that when she was found dead last night, it made front page news and heavyweight papers
including Le Figaro and Le Parisien.
CNN, CNN, International Correspondent Jim Bitterman and Paris said she had many supporters in
France with hundreds of people writing and her under-expressed their backing.
One of the reasons for this woman was a relatively young mother of three, and many people
could sympathize, people think, what would I do in the same circumstances?
A French group called the Association for the Right to Die with the need which took
up her cause believes laws must be changed and takes such cases into a cup.
I think we have let all the French people commit suicide.
So it's good which is a help.
Starting with the front.
Although who make the wine and the cheese then?
Now here's the guy that said it's the pool that we have up there.
I meant to add, the US will start using the metro system.
All right.
Well, thanks for the pool and we can put that on there.
Although, that's not going to happen because the US is in the whole world is out of
step.
The US is right in the whole rest of the world is out of step.
You don't understand that.
Oh, I know that.
What are you going to figure it out?
Yeah.
It's the only country in the world that's on the, well, now what do we call our system?
English standard.
We do.
I think they're standard.
Well, why do we call it that because the English don't use it.
They used to.
They don't.
I know.
They use the metro system like the US, America, Canada, and Mexico and Latin America and
Africa and Asia and China where they have all those hot people and some pretty cool
ones.
121 votes on the new pool.
We're going to add that on there or not.
I mean, something out of here.
It's added.
See.
What?
Chris, you need me to give it my squeal of approval.
At least I'm like your up for it.
So US will start using the metric system.
Hold your breath.
Which of these things is most likely that happened in your lifetime?
Thanks for the poll.
It's not that great that we've done it before.
But it's got different things on it.
That's a good part, right?
Right.
Got to try new things.
That's what I keep telling people.
They were on like a son of a bitch.
John Nichols has a column on the nation in the nation on the nation under the nation.
Obama Clinton and the other speech.
He says the news on Wednesday focused on the speech Barack Obama had made the day before
regarding the complex intersection of race, religion, politics.
Obama's historic speech deserved all the attention that it got.
But Wednesday was as well.
The anniversary of the launch of George Bush's war in Iraq.
And we would all be remiss if we failed to note that Obama's opponent for the Democratic
presidential nomination.
New York Senator Swarrow Clinton has called our attention to a speech Obama made in
regard to the question whether Bush had been allowed to begin the seemingly endless war.
Clinton said that Obama's campaign is based on one speech he gave at an anti-war rally
in 2002.
In fairness to the Senator for Illinois, his candidacy is based on a bit more than a speech
in 2002.
But the speech ought not to be dismissed by those considering the choice between Obama and
Clinton.
Indeed, the fact that Obama opposed authorizing Bush to go to war when Clinton did not
illustrates a necessional difference between the two remaining contenders for the Democratic
presidential nomination.
Five years into an unnecessary war that's dislocated millions of Iraqis that's killed hundreds
of thousands of innocents that sent coffins back to towns across the U.S. that sent
to their federal treasury at a time when the money is more needed than ever at home
that's taken the eyes of the president of Congress off critical economic policy concerns
and has made any sense in any sense made America safer a better country.
The Iraq War is the primary foreign policy disaster of our time, but it is as well the
primary domestic policy disaster of our time too.
In every series of observer all know, let's repeat that every series of observer knew
that invading Iraq would create precisely the Krag Marx come to be.
The majority of Democrats and half-desson Republicans in the House knew, almost half the Democrats
and Republicans independent the Senate knew, but Hillary Clinton did not.
That's more than just troubling while it may be too much to say that voting to authorize
George Bush to take the country to war in Iraq was, in and of itself, this qualifying,
many reasonable people have come to that conclusion.
And in a race between two qualified candidates who are so very similar on so many issues,
the fact that one of them got Iraq right and the other got it wrong provides a race
with necessary measure of definition.
Five years into this war, the true thing that can be said about the conflict is this,
it should never have begun.
Hillary Clinton understands this now when it's too late.
Barack Obama understood in 2002 when he was still time.
You are the man who is in your projects.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The one to two hours.
Just sit right back and you'll hear it, Tim, the tale of an A-hole cop who pulled over
Mary Ann on a traffic stop.
Pete Collard-Dawden did it, if she's Mary Ann or not, this dude too back falls down
or on, busted her for pot.
He busted her for pot.
It seems that only Idaho's live in Idaho like their senator.
I'm Larry Craig and Marlowe-Wanah is a gateway drug.
That is to say, a great way drug.
Tom Wells is not gay, but he was a very naughty girl, a very naughty girl.
Most color say she helped them get through puberty.
Not me, I had the hot spurs of professor myself.
No, she was filthy, I must assume my penalistic stance.
Hello there.
Aha.
Look at that stingray leaps from the water and strikes a woman sunbathing on a boat
in Marathon and Kilder.
Her boat she was bouncing at a local.
Have you heard of her?
First-ever, what about this?
Revenge of the stingray, so we'll be talking shortly here with the coast guard and
we'll bring that to you as soon as we can.
55-year-old woman she died from the stingray's instinct.
She got stung.
She's dead.
In Marathon, no less.
Honey like that.
Congress and the federal reserve must have a chance to keep the country from
falling in a recession by acting too slowly, according to a well-respected
economist who I never heard of in whose name I can't possibly pronounce.
Lachman Aquiton?
Okay.
Okay, what?
I'll take it.
ACHUTA in Achtung.
I don't know what his name is.
The Managed Unirector of the Economic Cycle Research Institute said the economy is not
a phone and what he calls a recession of choice.
He argues that the economic stimulus package, he said, F. Mayor stimulus package, passed
by Congress this year as Tulay-Telden, many consumers and businesses, and that the federal
reserve was too timid when it started trimming interest rates last fall.
Since then, the Fed has aggressively cut rates, most recently lowering them by 3.25%
at its meeting on Tuesday.
If the adunments at the fourth quarter, I think we'd be having a different discussion,
he said, we not have had beer, referring to the fire sale purchase of brokerage firm
beer stirrens by GDP Morgan Chase, that the Fed helped arrange over the weekend to avoid
a collapse of beer stirrens.
The E-C-R-I, which forecasts the number of key economic reading such as employment inflation
and production perveris business sectors, have been reluctant to join the rising
amount of economy, targeting the economy as fallen into recession, but changes call
on Thursday today.
Ocuton, Ocut A-Q-Tan, Octoan, said the tipping point for his firm's recession caused
when it's leading index for non-financial services, a sector of the economy that accounts
for 62% of jobs during negative.
Although he said he saw weaknesses in the U.S. economy last fall, he didn't make a recession
forecast at that time because he thought it was possible the government could have done
something then to prevent a recession.
He said, low business inventories at the end of last year gave policy makers a chance
to avoid the recession because any spurred is spending by business or consumers what
resulted in a quick pick-up in production.
This was an opportunity that was wasted by policy makers because they didn't understand
those dynamics he said.
That's one aspect of how the policy makers have goofed and this is why recession is a choice,
not something that happened by bad luck and chance.
But Ben Bernanke worked over the weekend though, good job there, Benny.
Heck of a job, Benny.
Know what you think?
Indeed I do.
He worked over the weekend, he poured over the books and he rolled up his sleeves and
dusted off the old studies and said we can do, do, do and he did a lot of do-do.
That's what most people are in like the Commissioner in Dave County, say, yesterday it was a
Javier Swoto who indeed do-do, nobody said?
I don't know, I wasn't listening.
Whatever I can do, what's his name?
Xavier Suarez.
He's running around in his bathroom.
I think that's all I'm just a sport.
Knocking on the doors at 4-5 in the morning.
Hey, vote for me.
Vote for me.
After we have crazy politicians in South Florida, you do understand that.
And thank God for that metro fail that they have to buy those, replace those cars for
the 10 people that ride it every day so they can go to shorties and get some good ribs.
I'll take a look at the day that shorties they were closed down.
That would be it.
Am I right?
Indeed.
Although, you know, I'm not going to either, but I'm just saying that.
That's the last landmark.
All the other landmarks are gone.
Crookies is gone.
The famous will be gone next month.
Wolfies are all gone.
On puppeteaks are all gone.
And once they're gone, they're gone.
They're gone forever, baby.
They're gone.
Oh, and today is Thursday, but we didn't have any restaurant deal.
Probably some people are wondering about that.
Well, don't do the sports.
They're out of business.
And you'll be pleased to know I went down during the one o'clock break.
I went down the hall.
And I punched the elevator button and the elevators are working now.
Yeah.
All right.
Isn't that good?
Because you would, I mean, then that would have been bad.
You'd have been wondering all weekend until Monday.
Right.
Whether I was dead or alive, whether I'd show up on Monday.
And of course, that would be bad because you're not going to be working on Monday.
Now who's going to be working Monday?
Chris?
Yes.
And Chris.
What do you mean by that?
We have another guy named Chris.
No, that'll be me.
Just you, most likely.
We got no Josh Cordes on Monday.
Well, no, no, no, no, that's where it goes.
That's the way it works.
I said, I think George ought to start paying for his drunken orgies.
I do.
I pay for my own drunken orgies.
No, for Cordes, for Cordes, you're always sticking up for him so much.
What a great guy he is.
Well, he starts sharing maybe I will too.
Well, he's not sharing.
I know.
You probably know what I care.
I'm sharing.
Yeah.
And if you're bearing, man, all I do want is some good weed and some good sex.
That's all you want.
Yeah.
Won't take much to keep George happy.
So when he goes to Gulfstream next Friday, bring him high and shake both.
When he goes to guy with the eyes, he's probably pretty desperate too.
He might be for it.
Yeah.
He might show you a really good thing since you're so much into ass.
He's all ass.
He asked me.
Yeah, well, wrong kind.
A little hairy for me.
Oh, 148 votes on the pool.
Which of these things is likely to happen in your lifetime?
The world will run out of oil, 33.
Oh, there's the stingray.
It's dead.
Look at that.
Those are nasty looking things, by the way.
Yeah.
What's the difference between a stingray and an eel?
Isn't a stingray a kind of eel?
No.
Well, I mean, I don't know the technicality of it, but a stingray is broad and flat.
That way, why do you say no, right?
No.
A stingray is broad and flat and an eel is long and thin.
It's long and thin?
Like a snake.
A snake.
But they're both fish.
Stingrays are related to sharks.
I'm going with it.
All right.
Cool.
All about stingrays.
Some of them stingrays in your larger than a human palm.
How do you like that?
This one's big, though.
You see that one on the side in there?
Oh, I can't, boy, I can't read the family that it's from.
It's even worse than the guys named that economist.
And collided with either the vessel or the victim herself causing her to die.
We have our investigators that are on the scene right now trying to make that determination
to see if it was her death occurred as a result of the collision with the, or whether it
was a, she panicked while she was in the boat and she fell backwards when the rate actually
ended up in the boat.
So we're looking at into those, those few incidents, as far as the term exactly what
I've heard.
So we've heard from Monroe County Sheriff's Office that this woman had severe injuries
to her face.
Is that, can you confirm that?
I cannot confirm that.
I would imagine that if she collided with a, a ray, then yes, she would definitely have
those kind of injuries.
I'm, I'm on my way down to the scene to try to get more detail as to what occurred.
Well, let's screw it up.
I went to Wikipedia and it screwed up my computer, man.
Don't you think that when you go to something like you're getting freezes up?
Oh my God.
Yeah, restore the session.
Okay, just get back on Firefox there and let's get going.
I was just about to read the poll and you said, why don't you Google stingray so we know
what it's all about?
Is that what you said?
Yeah, I did.
I'm sure you did.
Okay, let me get off.
Quite a sabotage.
We're, we're called Wikipedia.
154 votes.
Which of these things most likely to happen in your lifetime?
World of Run out of oil 36, manned space flight to Mars 32, legalization of Mara-Wini in
the US 30.
Oh yeah, not in my lifetime.
Curator AIDS 24, second coming of Jesus 14.
Oh, I want to see that.
Can I let you hand Jesus?
Maybe we can buy us some new Birkenstocks, baby.
It looked like a schlepper.
The US will start using the metric system 8, cure for cancer 8 and piece in the middle
of the world.
I think we got a real shot at 1200.
What do we have 900?
1100.
Yeah.
Chris.
Uh huh.
He doesn't care.
I care so much.
It is so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
It's so important.
They have a story ward 5-6ation
They have a story ward 5-6 friends
They have a story ward 5-6-eman
Floridians 
The Floridians 
You're fervent, it's up to Larry
We all thank you, you
For giving writers something funny to do
You're looking for guys who made you go, I like you
Larry cracked ice cream or tapping your shoe
You stole these last few days
But you refused to go away
The public ends our drive, I really get it
Absolutely
It's up to Larry, with cheats of love
We all invite you to in a lot of fun
Funny you come right, I like you and certain go
Larry taken no crap when it happened in shoes
Crack them
Game, game, game
I never have been gay
Game, game, game
I never have been gay
It's up to Larry, he wants to stay gay
But his own hiding wants him to go away
I'm gonna say, baby, love and this is right heart, heart, it's gonna say,
Larry Craig, his red is late for you.
Oh, speaking of that, wait until that gosh is on me right now.
The blonde chick on the TV is doing the news now, I think he's new.
Okay, the one that was on the left, huh?
The one that was on the left that caught her.
That's right, what did you think of her?
I think she looked mighty fine.
I give her about a 9.8.
I'll take her.
Okay, see I told you, my taste is great in the sunshine state.
Jim Loeb, why did the U.S. invader rack?
The official reasons that threat post to the U.S.
and allies by Saddam Hussein's alleged programs of weapons of mass destruction,
and the possibility that he would pass along these arms to Al-Qaeda,
have long since been discarded by the overwhelming rate of evidence,
or more precisely the lack of evidence that such a threat ever existed.
Liberating a rack from the tyranny of Hussein's, especially on forgiving and buff-thirsty version of bathism,
and thus setting an irresistible person that would spread throughout the Arab world,
a thing pushed by the administration of President George W. Bush,
mostly after the invasion, as it became clear the official reasons couldn't be justified.
A priest who had been the guiding obsession of really only one member of the Bush team,
and other than especially intellectual ones, will want to that,
deputy defense secretary Paul Wolfowitz.
Then there's the theory that Bush's enigmatic psychology,
especially his relationship to his father,
has already provided grift for several book publishing meals,
wanted to show up his dead for failing to take Baghdad 91.
Or he sought to finish the job that his dad began in 91,
and or his avenge for his dead, to avenge his dead,
for Hussein's alleged but highly questionable,
assassination attempt against Bush won and queued after the war.
Because Bush was the ultimate decider as he himself has put it,
and because no one who has ever served the top levels of the administration's ever been able to say precisely,
when, little on why the decision was made to invade Iraq,
this explanation cannot be entirely dismissed as an answer.
Then there's the question of oil.
Was the administration acting on behalf of an oil industry
desperate to give its hands on misopotamian oil that had long been denied
as a result of UN and unilateral sanctions
brooding business between US companies and Saddam Hussein?
Given both Bush's and vice president Cheney's longstanding ties to the industry,
and former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Green spans assertion in his recent memoir
that the Iraq war is largely about oil, this theory has definitely appealed,
especially those on the left who made no blood for oil
or favored mantra at anti-war protests,
and run up to the invasion,
just as they did with much greater plausibility before the 91 Gulf War.
The problem, however, is that there's little or no evidence that Big War
let an extremely cautious beast in the global corporate monashory,
favor to war, especially one carried out in a way unilaterally that risked destabilizing the world's most oil-rich region,
especially Saudi Arabia and the Emirates.
On the contrary, the West University Institute that versed the name of former Secretary of State James Baker,
a man who's both represented and embodied Big War throughout his long legal career,
publicly warned early on that if Bush absolutely positively had to evade Iraq for whatever reason,
he shouldn't even consider unless two conditions were met.
One that the action was authorized by the UN Security Council,
and two that nothing whatever be done after the invasion suggests that the motivation
headed to the acquisition of U.S. oil companies of Iraq's oil resources.
That's not to say that oil was irrelevant to the administration calculation,
but perhaps in a different sense than that meant by the no blood for oil slogan.
After all, oil is an absolutely indispensable requirement for running modern economics and militaries,
after the invasion was a forceful, and the invasion was a forceful and needed
to shock an awesome demonstration of the rest of the world,
especially potential strategic rivals like China, Russia,
even the European Union, of Washington's ability to quickly and effectively conquer and control the oil-rich nation
in the heart of the energy-rich Middle East Gulf region anytime and once,
perhaps persuading these lesser powers that challenging the West could prove counterproductive
the long-term interest if not the supply of energy in the short term.
Indeed, a demonstration of such power could well be the fastest way to formalize
a new international order based on the overwhelming military power of the West,
unequal at least since the Roman Empire.
It will be a unipolar war of a kind envisaged by the 92 draft defense planning guide,
DPG, commissioned by then Pentagon Chief Dick Cheney, overseeing by Wolfowitz
and Cheney's future chief of staff, Iowa-West Scooter Libby,
and contributed to my future ambassador to be liberated Afghanistan and Iraq,
Zalmeh Khalilzad, and Bush's Deputy National Security Advisor, JD Krauch.
It was that same vision that formed the inspiration for the 27 charter signatories,
a coalition of aggressive nationalist Neocons and Christian-Mite leaders that included Cheney,
Rumsfeld, Wolfowitz, Libby, Khalilzad, and several other future senior Bush administration
national security officials of the project for the New American Century in 1997.
It was the same project that began calling for regime change in Iraq in 1998,
and that nine days after the 9-11 attack on the American of Pentagon,
publicly warned that any war on terror that excluded Hussein's elimination
would necessarily be incomplete.
In retrospect, it seems clear that Iraq had long been seen by this group,
which became empowered first by Bush's election then supercharged by 9-11,
as the first easiest and most available stuff for achieving a Pax Americana.
That would not only establish the U.S. once and for all as the dominant power in the region,
but whose geo-strategic implications for aspiring peer competitors would be global in scope.
For the Neocon and Christian right members of this group,
who were its most eager and ubiquitous war boosters,
Israel would also be a major beneficiary of an invasion.
According to the 1996 paper drafted by prominent hardline Neocons,
including some like Douglas V and David Wormsir,
Mumsir, who would later serve in senior post-Cheney's office and the Pentagon
in the run-up to the invasion,
ousting Hussein and installing a pro-Western leader was the key to destabilizing
Israel's Arab enemies and or bending them to its will.
This would permit Israel not only to escape the Oslo peace process,
but also to secure as much of the Occupy Palestinian Syrian territories as it wanted.
Indeed, getting rid of Hussein and Occupying Iraq,
but not only Titan Israel's hold on Arab territories,
in this view, we could also threaten the survival of the Arab and Islamic world's most formidable weapon against Israel,
OPEC, by flooding the world market with Iraqi oil,
and forcing the commodities priced down to historic lows.
That's how it looked five years ago anyway.
Well, that ice parts here worked out really well, didn't it?
Yeah, look at that.
Historic lows.
Thank you, Mr. President, and all the Unio cons, all the Un
and all the Unio cons.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
132-560WQM.
Now, even our regulars are chronics like Russell and Coco who's a good guy, the regular
Frank sir, good listener, a long time.
He doesn't get it.
Does Frank sir just sent me?
Yeah, well that's why I knew you'd like it.
It's his all-out Jorge, programming note for Neil.
Stuart interviewed Ryan Philippi on the show this morning, hour long, funny, candid names
names.
Now, what does that mean, names names?
Names names of what?
Like who he did what with.
I'm sure it's what that refers to.
Yeah.
The show is repeated on Sirius throughout the day and I'm outstanding.
The old man and his friend might want to check it out.
First of all, I don't have Sirius.
Sirius?
I'm Sirius.
I'm Sirius.
Like my friend says.
I'm Sirius.
That's what he says while he's making his apple use.
That's cute.
Listen to me.
Okay, it's just try to.
He does pretty damn good.
It's pretty good.
I'd say nothing.
Well, good.
And as far as Ryan Philippi is concerned, he's somebody that I enjoy watching on movies and
TV because he looks really, really great and he's in a lot of really great movies like Crash
and the few others.
But other than that, I don't care.
I don't care about Howard Stern.
I know that that's un-American and un-radio-ish and it's a lot of people out there.
I'm just not interested.
Are you?
Nope.
When we had him on the station, when we followed him, the only thing that I cared about was
where we were ever going to get the show started and what time we were going to start on that
given day and that's all I cared about.
And the fact that we had a great lead in with numbers and so on and so forth and we had
bigger numbers than he did if you recall.
But of course, part of that is because they sliced up a show like Swiss cheese with all
the bleeps and the dumps and all the other stupid crap they did.
That, you know something, that experiment was the epitome of this company.
They wanted to put it on.
They wanted to be outrageous.
They wanted the big numbers.
They wanted all the revenue from it.
But at the same time, oh gee, but we don't want to get fined.
Again, by the FCC, we don't want to lose that license which we don't want.
I still don't think we got it.
Do we have it?
I don't know.
I don't think so.
I think we're like pirate radio.
I think we are.
So is that pirate radio QAM?
That'd be better.
We ain't got no license.
Hey, everything else Robin?
Anything else Robin?
And on and on.
It was like an endurance contest.
How long could they forest all the inevitable?
Okay.
I mean, we do the opposite.
You know, like it's 10 minutes to 10 and Georgia will say to me, is it two yet?
You know, we always joke about that.
Because, yeah, we're actually sticking out of here like anybody else.
It's not like how long can we stay on the year to feed our ego or something like that?
You know, I think we're interested about us feeding our face.
We said it didn't happen there.
I want to apologize to both of you profusely, but it's one of those things.
By the way, we don't have one of those things.
We don't have one of those things.
What?
Things you're talking about, you know.
The radio station should have.
But we don't.
One of what things?
Lices.
We don't.
No.
Did you get that officially now?
I just never knew that.
I just never knew that.
Nobody opened the door and told me that just now.
Absolutely no one.
Did somebody text you?
No. Nobody told me.
I pulled it out of my arms.
So you said I'm a bottle.
So you said I'm a bottle.
Did you get a message from Garcia?
From God.
Oh, from God. Well, in that case.
Oh God!
You know, God it.
But the certain thing was like, you know, they wanted to.
And of course they headed on a four-mire's to and then he.
He can then because they were well, we don't want to go into that.
They get psychotic about that.
But it's true.
He can because he wasn't getting paid over from over there.
For the fees for having a show on here.
And he said, well, guess what?
We're pulling the show off.
Whatever that station is in four-mire's.
Remember that?
Yep.
And that was right at the time when they were, he was all hot to try for me to be on serious.
That's your, you know, that's through that all up.
Not of course that Norma could have ever closed that deal anyway.
I asked your Norma could close a door, you know?
Now, who is it I was reading about yesterday whose agent was Don Buckwell?
Who was that?
What about him?
Don't you remember yesterday I had this story that somebody.
I understand the question.
Who was it that I was reading about who was ran it said,
so and so's agent is Don Buckwell.
Oh, it's the mediocre hack if I recall, I forget.
Well, there you go.
200, three votes on the pool.
I gave him an overlawn 100 for the day.
And they keep talking about this lady killed by the stingray while somebody thinking about it in marathon.
It's a sad story.
But and they keep showing the damn stingray.
Gross.
I'm sure when it's swimming in the water probably looks better.
It looks beautiful, you know?
Flap in its wings.
Whatever you'd call, what would you call those?
Fins.
It's fins.
Those are fins?
Those are the fins.
They look like the fins.
I bet you that it's like Zach Thomas.
Shrine Jason's here.
He used to busy dancing these days.
Boy, his whole thing man.
I'm sorry.
I better not say anything because it's at all from the station.
And these people get very upset.
Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, Jason's here.
He's great.
With his calendar and his dancing and his, you know,
a lot of it seems awfully, yay to me.
I'm not that I'm suggesting that, of course,
that would be a bad thing to suggest.
I'm not suggesting that at all, but it just seemed hold on.
Yay.
Doesn't it seem a little up to you?
Yeah, tight bit.
Yesterday marked the five-year anniversary, as you know,
of the U.S. invasion of Iraq ordered by President George W. Bush.
A CBS affiliate, Miami reports on one mother, Christy Domenico,
who is only child of station in Iraq.
Her 26-year-old son, Brian, has been in Iraq for nearly a year.
Only three weeks into which stay, his platoon was ambushed.
That was their first taste of reality reflected Domenico.
Sadly, Senator Porter lived Davilose.
It's a reality that families all over the country
have experienced this in the last five years of this war.
So far, nearly 4,000 Americans have died.
Nearly 60,000 have been injured.
Many have come home missing limbs.
Domenico, who helps collect letters and care packages
to be sent to area troops in Iraq, says,
her son, photo, on the phone,
mom, my goal is to come back with my legs.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
And of course, the only talk about the statistics of the, you know,
nearly 4,000, 3992, something like that, nearly 4,000 dead.
But very seldom do they talk about the grotesque worries
of all the missing limbs and just...
Right.
...pervert life.
Okay, right, right, right, right, right, right.
That's what we're talking about.
Butchered lives because we have a butcher that's running the country
and the media's busy sucking his ass, okay?
Which is the way it's been all during these seven years
that he's been in there.
A man is a lunatic, irresponsible,
a Chinese even crazier than he is
with that arrogant obnoxious attitude
with that interview yesterday.
Oh, so, so, so the company's against it.
So, he couldn't give it am less about anything other than himself
and his fat cat oil buddies.
That's all he cares about is Haliburton
and fill in his fat ass pockets
and his bull-like daughter.
And as obnoxious, uh,
smarmy, a novel right in wife.
Dict, and then, uh, what's his name?
He still calls him Chini.
On MSNBC, Chris Matthews.
Dictini.
Well, what does he say that?
I don't know, he's an idiot.
He's a moron, Chris Matthews.
With his politics.
It's our politics fix.
And the public sits back and he wants you.
Like, hey, here's a guy that belongs on TV.
He's really great, you know?
Pai Tau, and there's a lot about politics.
Don't get excited.
I just stay calm.
We got the day off tomorrow.
I go to the morning,
win a lot of money, play that Wheel of Fortune.
I want that Dan Book now.
I sent you a little, uh,
like I cut and pasted the message
that they keep sending me,
like every moment.
I don't want that.
What's that going to teach me about the name of the book?
The name of the book.
Maybe you can find it in a bookstore.
Up there.
Since I got it from Amazon Canada.
Yeah.
I mean, I'm, uh, I'm vexed.
I'm darn it.
I don't know how else to find it.
The, I think the book is called the name of the game
is losing your ass.
Biggest name.
The vast tower.
It's new.
His new politics.
4256QAM.
The fourth leader.
I know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers.
Freedom's there.
Freedom's there.
Let's bury our heads.
That's a good one.
Freedom's there.
Freedom's there.
Let's bury our heads.
He feels a big scrap out of his team.
I'll show host of finds when it's no end on man's hands.
Freedom's there.
Freedom's there.
Let's bury our heads.
Freedom's there.
Let's bury our heads.
All right.
1.45.
I'm ever freedom.
I'm ever freedom of speech.
I remember when we could say things and do things and play things and be things and stuff like that.
Uh-huh.
B.B. before Bush.
So George sends me this email from amazon.ca.
Yeah.
That says we're still trying to obtain the following items you ordered on October 29th, 2007.
John Grachowski is the author and the book is in paperback.
The slot machine answer book.
Second edition.
Right.
How they work, how they've changed, how to overcome the book advantage.
The picture is a big book.
You know, it's not one of these books.
It's like a big book, even though it's paperback.
It's not one of these little things.
It's like a manual.
I told him that a science queen.
Okay, I don't care how big it is.
All right.
The only thing I would like is that I'm sure it doesn't really tell you anything.
It would be fun to read it, you know.
But you never know.
How to overcome the house advantage.
How could you possibly do that?
Well, because the people that build them and make them they might know a thing about them.
And the people that work at the house, for the house.
How do you know this book is now, yeah?
I don't.
This is just what I keep getting from them and I can't find it.
Other words.
Maybe you can have better luck.
I don't know.
John Groschowski.
Yeah.
Well, I'm going to I'm going to pull that up, put it in my pocket right now.
And go to one of our gigantic like they have the world's largest bookstore here downtown.
Which is like two or three stories.
And there's all kinds of stories out on the street.
Hey, don't forget to fill out your brackets for the big tournament.
Log on to wqm.com.
Bridges are to play Hoops hysteria.
We got that big hurricane.
St. Mary's a school for the poor tomorrow at noon.
Pixin.
We made round by round and bonus points given for picking offsets.
Hoops hysteria online at wqm.com.
Well, at least have that for you on a qm.com.
We don't have the Neil deal today because there isn't any.
Because because of certain situations there that we got to say.
Factors beyond our control.
Well, let me ask you this question.
Uh huh.
Did Andy this person, the sales hole, did he ever come in there and discuss this with you?
Or give you a sorry about this?
Funny him.
Pretty sure he's scared to even come anywhere near this studio.
Well, because he's an idiot.
Okay.
Because there's no reason for the whole deal.
The audience is using a good deal every Thursday.
And most weeks they go like hotcakes, man.
Like flat jacks in Saudi Arabia.
Yep.
Oh, there's Oliver.
That gold.
Bring me your old gold and I'll give you cash because.
I'm the cash man.
Give you money for your clothes.
Yeah.
I just like that spot.
I don't know why he's funny, funny guy.
Now most guys that do their own spots, it's pretty embarrassing.
You know what I'm talking about?
Mark Caputo in the hero rights.
Now you notice I'm even giving the by lines of who writes.
I mean, it's just silly.
Hoop here's who wrote it.
It's in a hero.
Chief Justice calls budget cuts murder.
Murder.
And unusually alarming terms, the Chief Justice of the Florida Supreme Court told legislators
today that in nearly 10% budget cuts of the state court system would be 10 about anything
from murder to suicide to a spirit of the heart.
Judge, justice Fred Lewis.
Judge, fresh dis Lewis.
So the 42.1 million dollars in cuts kind of played it for next budget year would lead to the firing
of 900 court employees statewide, inevitably leaving the court system combitose or in a state
of effective death.
Lewis acknowledged that the reduction was insignificant when compared to the $2.3 billion
in total budget cuts, but said it would lead to the virtual shattering of the judicial branch
was as 4200 plus employees and total budget of $445 million.
When you ask a branch to commit suicide, it cannot.
It may be murdered by others and we may not find justice as he told the Senate Criminal Justice Appropriations Committee.
But the judgment must rest on the plates of those public servants who have been elected to maintain Florida as the bright shining star that it is, he says.
The committee chairman, Senator Victor Christ of Tampa.
I wonder if he's kind to your governor.
Just a lot of Christuses in there, you know, we got Charlie Christ and Victor Christ.
I wonder if he's also like your governor.
He said the justice had a legitimate concern, but that thing judicial branch could be spared the most because courts and county courts could raise court fines and fees
and do a better job collecting them, especially in the state county, where millions aren't collected and sent to the state for some years.
Lewis said he supported finding those other revenues, but wouldn't say what they were.
He said the situation was dire. They're in dire straits.
We're not talking about putting off a case for now or we're not talking about minor impacts.
We're talking about children of Florida. We're talking about the most vulnerable of Florida.
We're talking about keeping our citizens safe and sound and secure.
Lewis be saying.
Noting that the use of court and social services rises with a bad economy, Christ also said that state attorneys, judges and public defenders need to do a better job managing their time, selecting cases to prosecute and ensuring they're only truly poor use public defenders.
But neither Lewis nor State attorneys nor public defenders in the room said they were aware of widespread mismanagement of court time or cases.
The budget cuts, Christ, will be far worse for other programs that don't have as many revenue raising opportunities.
Those include prisons, the Parole Commission, Guardian Adelaide and Services for Kids, juvenile justice programs and reprovention programs.
In the world of legislative budgeting and Senate traditions, Christ said he can't ask Senate President to improve it for more criminal justice budget money because it would come out of another senator's section of the state budget.
But he told his members that they could advocate for more.
Senator Alex Villalobos of Miami quickly zeroed in on the transportation budget.
He said the money should come from the road building and development program that would approve it said it could cost up to $5.4 billion.
Democrat Arthinia Jr. of Tampa and Republican Charlie Dean of Inverness agreed with Dean saying environmental programs protecting things like frogs should take a back seat.
Oh, let's get rid of the frogs. The frogs will have to fight another pond, he said.
How do you like that?
All right.
Money to protect frogs.
Oh, my God, if you had any idea.
I mean, if you want to know the definition of the word nauseous, wake up on morning and find yourself in Montreal.
All right.
You will be instantly nauseous.
I'll take your word for it.
Probably we did it.
And if you don't see French, man, they don't want nothing to do with you.
If you don't speak, probably we'll say they want you to die.
Right.
Probably just as well.
He's just Quebec, speak French, speak French, speak French.
But it'd be, it'd be, it'd be, it'd be, it'd be, it'd be.
I just want to show you how well that bilingualism thing works.
Man, it sure causes a lot of love and harmony and brotherhood and hate.
223 votes on our poll on our second poll today, and we're pretty proud of that, aren't we, Chris?
Yes, we are.
Okay.
That's okay.
Which of these things is most likely to happen in your lifetime?
The world will run out of oil, 50.
Man's space like tomorrow is 43.
Legalization marijuana in the US 41.
I had to talk about that criminal justice system.
How about letting all the pop people out of jail?
I would save a lot of money.
How about quitting with all that harassing of people doing a little bit of minor drugs?
Kure for AIDS 36, second coming of Jesus 20.
Oh, I'm waiting right now.
I'm going to sit on my balcony until Jesus comes back.
Kure for cancer 17, the US will start using the metric system 12.
You should live so long and peace in the Middle East only six.
I'm 227 votes.
Yeah, peace of this, a piece of that.
A piece of Gaza, a piece over here.
Did you see the gethies?
Did you see the crazy people at the Wailing Wall in the other then?
No, I missed it.
Oh my God, when McCain was there in Lieberman and Jew Lieberman was saying,
over here, it's wonderful over here.
This is where we get the almond dyes.
The best talent to know is no rejects.
4.60 K.M.
The sports leader.
It's day two!
I have a town.
Kure for AIDS.
At 5.60 WQA.
Oh, I just want to be up above the bottom.
Got the talent man.
Got the bomb upon him.
Got the bomb upon him.
Put some friends on him.
Got the bomb upon him.
Got his stand.
I know let me be.
Hold it in the feet.
Got the talent man.
Got the bomb upon him.
Got the bomb upon him.
Bring it on like you're kind of enough.
Think I'm having enough.
I just want to find the item enough.
Oh, vote for me.
I'm been locked.
I'm blown up.
I just want to be up above the bottom.
Got the talent man.
Got the bomb upon him.
Got the bomb upon him.
Got his basket.
Got the gun for him.
Got his.
Got the struggle of celebrating Fight the buck merging?
Oh, let him beat
The Taliban
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama
Don't really like it, kind of enough
I tell you I'm having enough, enough
Obama, Obama, Obama, I'm having enough
I've always been laughing
And blood up
Who just want to beat
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama
Put some of my plans up in me
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama P&K
oh, let him beat
Uuuuh, teller, bam
Obama, Obama, Obama, Obama
oh, let him beat
Oh, let him beat
Uuuuh, teller, bam
Okatah
Come on, let him beat
Cold landing beat
The Taliban
I just want to beat
the Taliban
Pai, mai, mai
The biggest names of the best caliph and your home for Miami Dolphins football sports radio 560 WQ AM
Miami for the latter day
Don't cut!
Don't cut!
Happy fun!
Happy fun!
Happy fun!
Happy fun!
