New person of this program will be produced about the best great information of WQAN
Beats the Black Day
No, I'm warning, I thought he just said that the community bodies back to mass
Krasova, let me say that?
I was in Los Angeles
Why not?
It's got no room for me, what about the lump?
I don't think he said it's over for
What?
For the latter day
Me and God
That's an incredible holiday, David!
But a Hebrew home, the Yeji, the name, Rivetdale
Now, you find me installed the atroquieter tube of flour to begin the pheronize
That it is, and not for everybody
That's why while my parents retired the flour, I sent them back to the Bronx
To live in a Hebrew home at the age of 1, in the back in 61
Not only was it cheaper, but they got support
I remember my mom was saying, hold these flots, we got support right here, it's been 3 months out of the year
Why sure?
They got lots of activities there
Like, uh, Friday night, Marjan, and fallen down to races
Not to mention the food, all of food
Let me tell you, nowhere, what the Hebrew home for the age of Rivetdale
We are fine, soft, and jello
Not the kind that turns the rubber up
Why it's almost like it was prepared by Don Wilson himself
And they got them mobile pherlets on wheels too
The Hebrew home for the age of Rivetdale
A nice place to send your folks, and forget about it
It's a 10-1-5, 60-WDQ, and happy Thursday to you
Another, uh, snow night last night
But, obviously, they have known, and all night snow, and ice and stuff like that
No school today
For me, anyway, I'm not going
No?
Do you want to know why? You're a sliker?
I don't wanna
Okay
John McQuethi's dead, who will always got to start with a bunch of celebrity deaths?
Well, he's a retired ABC news correspondent about a free napenagon after the 2001 attacks
But, continued reporting live, he died after a skiing accident, the FDA was 61
Boy, old cockers like that should be out skiing
What is wrong with these guys?
It's fine
Witnesses said he was skiing fast on the intermediate trail, but he missed a turn and slid chest first into a tree
He died of blunt force injuries
McQuethi and his wife, Laurie, moved to Boulder after he retired to be closer to ski slopes and golf courses that will teach him
He had to leave the pentagon after a hijack plane crashed into building in the 2001 attacks but kept reporting from nearby lawn
He was one of those very rare reporters who knew his beat better than anyone had developed more sources than anyone
Yet kept his objectivity, but it beat the boot better but it wasn't smart enough
It was very smart in some ways that I'm only not too smart about going skiing like Sunny Bono
And which one of the candidates was it was the the Arapis?
That's right
Huh?
Yes, that's right
John Kennedy Smith or whatever his name was, I forget what his name was, William Kennedy Smith
Anyway, he went into a tree, who are some of the other ones?
There were a whole bunch of people
Did one of the trees not thought you covered it, Sunny Bono and that guy
No, there were a couple other ones, really?
Skied right in and would tree up and then they said
Bum-dum-dum!
Last thing they said
Here's the poor from yesterday, it's all done by the way Chris already changed it, how do you like that?
I dug up an oldie, I dug up an oldie but moldy baby, I like it
Here's the one from yesterday which, I don't know
A man should never be without blank, a sex partner, 170, a place to be alone, 154
How about a place to be alone with a sex partner?
It helps
A secret fund, a 170, a backup plan, 170, a good friend, 112
An exit strategy, 74, clean underwear, 62, a condom, 60
Other job prospects, 48, duct tape, 47, a weapon, 44, and a handkerchief, 14
To wipe up your own mess and your own
Stuff like that
Now we put the innu-pole up there and the last time we did this, no one may have done it in between, I don't know
But I went back in history way, way, way back about 100 years ago
And we got 50 votes on the new one already
Aren't you excited?
Medium
18
The best candy bar in the world is, oh, I look at the results so far, oh my god
BAM BAM
Reese's
See, I like peanut butter by itself
I don't
But I don't like it with chocolate, I don't like it, I don't like it with peanut butter by itself
To say that's your favorite?
Family
Reese's
Five, Reese's My Ass
Snickers for, three musketeers too, why don't you have one of those in a long time?
I like those though
Mm-hmm
Three musketeers
Biddo Honey one, oh Henry one, score one, that's what I voted out while you and me with candy, I can vote it for a lot of them
Yeah, I was torn
We didn't put, I don't think it's out here, is it Heath bar?
Oh, it is under
Kit Kat one, Heath bar one, if I just kept looking, what a schmuck
Hershey's one, Mars one, and none yet for, watch him, I call it
Mr. Goodbar, chunky mounds, I'll enjoy $100,000 bar, payday, butter finger
Why do you like butter finger?
Me too, that's what I voted for
Long time
I just, I like the, like the crunchiness, the texture of it, especially how you eat
The texture is what it's all about
And you can enjoy it the whole day
And that stuff like melts on your tongue and sticks to your teeth and, yeah
And just, it's a day long affair
Baby Ruthfy, a nun, Nestle's, well none of these other ones, Nestle's what?
See that's the problem when it's list is that, I mean Nestle's, it's like the Chef Boyard
Anything, I've told you
It's like two patients now do it too
Like Crust or Colgate, you go into the drugstore to buy a cheater or a toothpaste
And like Crust has got 87 different varieties
Right now, right
It's just a marketing for it, that's all probably the same crap
Oh yeah
Oh yeah, like a little bit of different taste to it
And it's the same with Chef Boyard, even the same with candy bars
Mm-hmm
Her, I mean Nestle's?
How come we don't know Hershey's one? See Hershey's the same thing?
I mean, is there any crunch on there? Maybe that's what they meant by that
Well we can't put them all on there
No but
But what?
Nestle's crunchy
Nestle's done for Twix, done for Crunchy, which is a Canadian, you have Crunchy there, do you?
Not that I know of, of course I'm no expert
Crunchy is great
It's almost enough to make me want to do it
How about Mary Jane? That should be your thing
You know what?
The thing we did where we looked up all that old time candy
Oh yeah, it's on the other side
What's the name of that?
Sheriff Boyard
We don't mind him, we don't mind him, we don't mind him
We don't mind him, we don't mind him
Anything I like?
We don't mind him
Too bad, it's like my mother
Same crap
Well let's see, do you want to hear about Vaughn hits for Jesus' case?
Or do you want to hear about the uh...
Absolutely
Beer buckle in but not the baby
If you could see this in a bitch
Good, God
To use the term trailer trash would be
Such an understatement and such an insult to the real trailer trash of the world
St. Augustine
Investigated to say a woman accused of drunk driving
Had a case of beer buckle up safely
And a one year old girl sitting in the back seat
Without a seatbelver car seat
But she had a case of beer buckle up safely
On Super Bowl Sunday, Deputy saw a car
Grab to a red light and swore back and forth
Over the center lane on US1 South
St. Augustine, where the median age is death plus 50
The deputy stopped the car and investigated the woman who identified herself as Tina Williams
Smell the booze
According to the report, Williams sold the deputy
She never had a license as running out of gas
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh well which is more important?
The deputy saw a case of bush beer in the front seat
With a seatbelt around it
And a baby girl in the back seat with her mother
When asked why the girl wasn't restrained, Williams reportedly told the officer
I don't know
Williams told the deputy she had a few drinks
The deputy said she staggered when she got out of the car
The deputy arrested her for a DIY after she bailed a field sobriety test
A deputy also found two silver metal pipes in her purse
Williams faces charges of driving out of the influence
Child indigent driving without a valid license
Running a red light and not having a seatbelt or child restraint
Of the nets she done fine, she done good
You done good honey?
Man, oh man
For sterilization, that's the only only salvation for the human race
For sterilization
And she's a walking, squawking, drinking example of it
Wow
She didn't have a license, she never, but never less
At least she had to restrain on the beer
There you go
12 first snickers, thank God, snickers has passed recess
Let's see the first time we've done this
And look at that, snickers won over one man the first time we did this
I don't know if it's the first time, I think so
Snickers are
And recess won second
Snickers won
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
Snickers won second
And then they've got to put that kinda hole around
That they were on that site that we were talking about
You just, like if you go to Jackson's ice cream, they have all those old candies in there
I'm sure they have Mellow, Mellow
Mellow, Mellow
Mellow, Mellow
It comes in a, a, a, dogs' eggs
Probably where you're still alive
No, they have them though, those are good
They don't have them here, I've never seen it good
No, it's not good
Because it don't happen
You'll meet them, and you'll die
Get outta here, you know, I also like these turtles
Turtles are great
Mmm
We don't have turtles on the thing that we don't have turtles on the thing. So let's add the polar Chris
lumpy get turtles on there
And quit Schmerkley every time I said it's nothing new. It's not a novelty. Oh God
No, that's oh
Get it right guy heard
Dea there say that Joe was coming back tomorrow. Thank God or something like that. I think it was hopefully tomorrow will be last day
When the Mars the last day he hopes that it's Mars last day of the trial and then you told me that he was sequestered or something this morning
Yeah, I'm sorry, you know, I liked your alive, but I just
You know sometimes the words stupid comes to mind when I think of some of the things he does I could be wrong, but I
Just don't get it. How do you allow himself to get all sucked up in that? You know he's got a job to do a high-pay job
He's got to be on the year
How come that didn't play oh I knocked the audition line? Yeah, it's so exciting again
They'll try now stupid. Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of stupid
Anyway, whatever so he'll be back someday. Let's see what's the rest of the schedule?
They we got the jerk show at two. Oh, what's what's gonna happen without oh my god
Jim Madditch at the Super Bowl it says here because our program director is a simple idiot
Maddog 4 to 7 hurricane hotline of the Ranskeller 7 to 9 then you got your dolphins all assets in the high school
Greenine report would John L and Larry Bluestein who's John L?
John Litter
Why is it say John L?
Maybe a lazy Slav you are clear. It's just a oh god
You're like a sliver you ever get a wooden sliver your finger all the time just a quarter. He is
Then you got the D.A. Show 10 to midnight one. I said he's only got a couple hours to worry about tonight because he filled in
They's filling all the time to fill in
Little they know when he came to town
He's gonna be working mornings and nights. That's good though
That he gets a chance to like get some exposure there in the mornings like the daytime audience
Who might not be listening at night? Because they're afraid that oh?
Oh, now is there any truth to that the Debes is taking a job out of town. He's leaving us I
Have not heard one of our correspondence told me really my space. Yeah, we have a mole
Yeah, right here. Have you had it checked out?
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQA and I
We can play it baby
You know that's not the one I wanted to play but my mouse got stuck all right, geez
Hey, you been writing the right you're low-rated pussy for bands all day you probably pretty hungry ready
But you don't go wrong. Where you gonna watch your head?
Keep your elbows on the table. I'll say peace and thank you
You don't gotta do that comes the ass cuz we're not
The new service Mexican restaurant
Excuse me, I'd like to contest the door special
Hey, man, you can't choose whatever you want cuz I am gonna get for you
We're not your mother. Oh
That's a moment
Another mess of anything you want
It's not a sugar bug to make it yourself
That was great
For that's max with no respect
It's not
It yourself when I show mama 10 16 at 560 WQ
I'm happy Thursday to your boy. I'll tell you this week. It's just it all started with that thing on Monday
I'm late. I'm playing about it though
I'm just never gonna be a sit the same again. I'm gonna sue clearance. I think just just individual
For it's screwing with my life just messing with my entire metabolism and my whole life has been turned upside down
Thanks to that little weasel that little back-setting lying weasel. Oh, I didn't know he was in the tea room and I didn't know he was yeah
In one of my senator Barack Obama raised more than six million dollars since the polls closed on super Tuesday
Matching the one-day fundraising records set by Texas Republican Congressman Ron Paul in December
That's according to a widget on Obama's blog which has a 1027 last night show the senators campaign to raise
6.23 million dollars the widgets updated almost instantaneously as the donations are pouring in
Supporters responded related after in fundraising emails sent out by Obama campaign manager David Ploof
That said the campaign had raised three million dollars pro-super Tuesday
But needed to match the five million that swallowing loan-to-rown campaign in January
That five million was made to supplement the 13 million the Clinton raised that month of amber raised more than double that
32 million in January the majority of which came to the unit. She's running out of money. I got that story coming
She's running on now. What's this?
The best chocolate bar. Oh, Fruity Lisa. Ah, your taste is in your toy show
Lisa says the best chocolate bar in the world is an arrow bar a. E. R. O put it on there, but oh
That's the one would like the air holes in it. I don't know if I've got to be an a-hole to like the air hole
You don't know your own bar. I don't think I've had the pleasure. Yeah, it's got it's like pumice
Yeah, it's that
texture, okay
I don't know what you're you never saw I'm sure I've seen them. I just I can't recall all right
Don't think I've had the pleasure. Oh
Put it on there. She'll vote all right
That is so gross. Oh look at this. Here's a fax ad
Prospecting with voicemail. Oh boy. Really good. Don't you hate that you know it?
Can't stand people intruding under your blackberry and your crackberry and on your fax machine and all of that
All of these things Jesus God. We just leave us alone. Okay. Leave us alone
Right, that's right like Britney for crying out loud. Leave her alone
Right
You got him and he's I'm using
There's no question
mildly music and gay
So he encurred ruled against the former high school student Monday and the bonn hits for Jesus banner case
A split decision that limits students rights
Joseph Frederick was 18 when he unveiled a 14 foot paper sign on a public sidewalk outside his junior will ask a high school in 2002
Principal Deborah Morse confiscated the sign and
Suspended Frederick. He sued taking his case all the way to the Supreme Court
The justice is ruled that Frederick's speech speech rights were not violated by suspension
Over what the majority's written a thing called a sophomoreic banner. I mean
It was reasonable for the principal to conclude that the banner promoted illegal drug use
And that failing to act with send a powerful message to the students in her class
Justice John Roberts Roberts wrote that crap for the 16 majority
Breyer noted separately he would give Morse qualified immunity from the law
So but it's not on the majority's speech restriction on students
Robert said that the wild accord has limited student free speech rights in the past young people don't give up all their first
Amendment rights when they enter a school
Roberts was supported by fascist judge
Antonin Scalia Nazi clearance token Thomas Anthony Kennedy
Stephen Breyer who makes a hell of an ice cream in San Alito another Nazi
Breyer noted separately he would give Morse immunity from the law superde- oh I just got you reading that
This is a bad article where is this from CNN they suck
In descent justice John Paul Steven said this case began with a silly nonsensical banner
And ends with a coordinator being out of a whole cloth a special first amendment
Something permitting me censorship of any student speech emissions drugs so long as someone could perceive that speech continued to a latent pro drug message
Late in my ass. Okay, the whole of it is so stupid. That's like Mara Galani good thing she lost knowledge. Oh, yeah
Oh happy day. Oh, we can't have those it's banned on the Hollywood beach life as it beats it's disgusting. No, you're disgusting honey
You know to kiss the ground that only a bunch of old trolls that in Hollywood and George
An issue with the discretion school should be allowed to limit messages that appear to advocate illegal drug use
BONG as noted in the appeal filled with the justices is part of drug paraphernalia. No
The incident occurred in January 2002 just outside school grounds when the Olympic torture relay was moving through the elastic capital on its way to Salt Lake City, Utah to the Olympic Games
Though he was standing on a public side walk the school argued Frederick was part of a school sanctioned event because
Students who led out of classes and accompanied by teachers
Morse ordered a senior to take down the sign that he refused that led to a 10-day suspension on a slap that bitch
That's what you should have done. They should have bitch life. Do anything absolutely
10-day suspension for violating school policy promoting illegal drug use well screw you honey
Where does it say the Constitution that free speech excludes promoting the Constitution? That's just a GD piece of
Heard about that Frederick filed suit saying his first amendment rights were infringed
A federal appeal squadron San Francisco agreed including the school couldn't show a Frederick
Had the interfere with the school's educational mission by showing a banner off campus
former independent council Kenneth star
argued for the principle that a school must be able to fetch its educational mission without undo a hind side from the courts
Kenny star that Nazi son of a bitch
Morse who attended arguments in March told CNN at the time
I was empowered when forced to school boards written policies at that time keeping illegal substances out of the school environment
As for Frederick, he's halfway across the globe now teaching English to students in China
How do you like that?
Now 24-year-old reporters in March they displayed the banner in a deliberate attempt to provoke a response from principal Morse
By whom he had been disciplined previously
Frederick claimed his message of free speech is very important to him
Even if the wording of the infamous banner itself was not I find it absurdly funny
He said I wasn't promoting drugs. I assume most people will take it as a joke
That's right Pally except oh no
Sensing humor people with no sense of humor like Joyce right
I would be surprised if you winds up sitting on the Supreme Court who would like another Nazi president Joyce bitch
Wouldn't that be something huh life is a bitch when you nominate Joyce bitch
Makes me kind of itch and twitch
Don't be a bitch. You'll find your own niche
Okay, but I'm too close already and a brand new pull that is really something well it's an easy pull
It's probably that pull we took about one food you can't do without candy came in deadlite
I don't believe it. I'm sorry. I don't buy it. I don't believe it
Every story you go into air to air convenience store or a gas station every like
Store where they sell juxtapes every store is got candy. Anything they got it there just uh for looks just for printing
And then we hopefully don't have M&M's on here. We don't get out of there man get M&M's on there right away
I know this pull song plain and with peanut
Oh, yeah
I like him but man they send my blood sugar just scarring yeah
I don't know why more so than any other candy M&M's man they send my blood sugar just really rocketing to the moon
So I guess we're gonna put M&M's let's put smarties on there two a another Canadian and the European smarties
We got a couple Canadian listeners look at Reese's man. Oh
Yeah, well, I would come in second the first time you know the whole
Snickers won by a glans lie, but then Reese's and then Milky Way now look at that Milky Way his uh and three
Musketeers they used to like them a lot you like them they're mushy too like what three musketeers
Yeah, they're all mushy. I still like it even they let me write up and I get 20 no it is good
But I I film up just thinking about it. Oh, there's a new Milky Way. It's like Milky Way dark. Oh, that's right
It's not the only one. Everyone's standing. It was fine. What's wrong with you?
Anybody buy a new watch lately?
Those are the days baby. Those are really some days
But you know something in retrospect they were all at bad
No mighty good
The best candy in the world is Snickers 25 votes
Reese is 11 I do like Snickers. I got them with that. I like that new
I like the new almonds. Yeah, I think so
Wait better. Oh, cuz I like almond better than the oh you know what's what which is the one that's got like the two almonds on top
almond joy
I can add some on here on it was
It was in four votes so like they got the coconut in it
I don't like coconut. I don't like the coconut. I like how I like how manjour because it's candy
I like almost any candy except peanut butter candy like Reese's
Little bit greasy. Is it Nestle Smarties?
It's like a round
I'm an emish. Let me say to you and Smartie Smartie. I will we have we have Smarties here put smartass on it like a sour type thing
This is true
Good pert and you're giving him a hard time
What what is this what
I see I see what this is. No, it's it's a thing from my financial guy. Oh
Leave me alone. I'm doing my job now. Okay
No, I'm just I'm busy. It's like getting messages from Taco Paco like yesterday that fake phone call
It wasn't as far to just he has set it up. It was to try over all the time the button. What happens to me all the time?
Sure, I mean I can do it because I'm an old
No, I'm not your old fart
But somebody under the age of a hundred doing that and then they're not answering the phone because they went back to sleep
I'm sorry. They get to me. I get spilkeys when that happens. You ever accidentally call your wife while you're with your
I'm gonna call my wife son what's going on there. No
Neither we need to change the title of a poll I think
The best candy in the world. Yeah, because it's we're not just candy bar anymore. Oh when you you know something you are such a lump man
God are you heard sorry for pointing out the truth?
Yeah, you've been down there too long. That's your problem. You've been in South Florida too long
Everything you can find fault with what difference does it make my it's like I like that sign about
Bong hits for Jesus same thing. I think that we're gonna send you rasta clearance Thomas. No, think if you would he'll do with it
You might like it. You'll smoke it. You'll smoke it
He likes crack. Yeah
He also likes smoke back
27 after 10 at 5 60 every QA
Yeah
I want to go quick in the
Why didn't you warn me that's in there?
What?
Whatever that sound was, it sounded like a raspberry to me.
Didn't it sound like one to you? I was positive that your friend would never ever...
It was a fart. There we go. This is bad.
I would have sworn it sounded like a crackberry, a raspberry, a blackberry, a poison berry.
That's why we have to send a joyous, a poison berry.
That's for you, honey.
Lots of extra poison for you.
You can tell your fans. You don't like their demands.
If they have some requests, you can say no.
And then tell them on my tent to tell them management.
You want nobody missing with your show.
Go round from them to through. And when your shift is through, tell George you can relax and smoke some weed.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
I don't have a fard.
Don't play a fart. The sound of a fart.
I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a fart. The sound of a fart.
You'll be in trouble with the peacefully playing.
Don't do it. Don't play a fart.
10.33, boy. Thank God that I recovered from that first one.
I was going to play it later a bit the other one, but never, once we can't play it. That's because it's good.
And it's got like a little, in it, here and there.
Guess who died, another death. Really?
Oh yeah. Let's go around. Anthony Solomon.
Who? Your local?
International economic advisor to three presidents who later played leading part in settling, setting federal monetary policy, died.
Now wait till you hear this.
January 18th of kidney failure to so many of you was 88.
How come this is just making the rounds now?
I don't know. Maybe they just noticed.
Solomon held high level positions in the state department under presence, JFK and LBJ.
Later, he had a three-year stint as undersecretary of treasury during the administrative degree of Carter, whose brother used to pee outside.
A lot.
You're wondering if he was kin to me, Anthony Solomon.
Hey Anthony.
Let me.
What?
Huh?
Could be.
That's what I asked.
What if he was kin to offer a Solomon?
Well, Franco's his name wasn't Solomon anyways. You to leverage.
The Hartford Archdiocese is being sued again for sexual abuse by a priest this time by an Arizona man.
Edward Cherninka.
He claims he was sexually abused in the 1970s by the Reverend Lewis Paturzo, a priest who worked with Hartford troubled youth until the first accusations against him surfaced in 2002.
So, Ninkir was a seventh grade student of the Reverend Daniel Barry Jr. High School in Handen when he says he was molested by the priest.
Let's see.
Seventh grade would be how old?
About 12.
Okay.
13.
Paturzo admitted the sex abuse claims made by two other men and was stripped of his priestly authority.
The Archdiocese paid out $22 million in 2005 to settle claims against 14 of its priests including Paturzo.
There's no Hartford phone listing for Paturzo.
This is just in Hartford, Connecticut.
They paid out $22 million in 2005.
And you people continue going, you getchkeys out there, you fools, you brainwashed idiots.
And you put your money into plate.
Well, they got to collect that cash so they can pay off all these claims, you know.
There's cheaper ways.
There's cheaper ways.
There's cheaper ways they can go to Thailand.
And I don't want to say that the Latin Americans out of brainwashed either but I get Poco a legra to take for allergies which has been working very well for them by the way.
And he took it with like a glass of soda and I noticed maybe I was supposed to see it.
He crossed himself before he took the pill.
That's how you got to do it in Mexico, you know, you don't know what you're getting.
Seriously, I mean, what is that?
I don't know.
I say a word of course, not me.
Right. They got some superstitions over there.
Superstitions, to say the least.
Not in the Catholic Church.
Not like Hocus Pocus.
Although I like to stir ahead yesterday about how we need a lot more exorcisms and miss hope with the silly red shoes.
Miss Pope is big on exorcism for Christ's sake.
Oh my God.
Who's sake did you think?
What?
For who's sake did you think if not Christ's sake?
What? You do this to me?
I don't know.
I'm afraid, Dean.
Please, Dean.
You're not afraid.
Yeah.
Be afraid.
All right.
This would be a good song to play all day, every day.
A rock.
Church likes playing music on the news today in the background.
This would be the Q&M theme song.
Well, yesterday that I told you this before the show and I'll say it on the air.
That memo or whatever you want to call from Dennis Collins across the street.
That is the most juvenile, the most embarrassing piece of slop I have ever seen put out by somebody who is supposedly an adult.
Forget about whatever position he's in.
You know, prone or otherwise you're standing.
Dennis, you are such an a-hole man, such a jerk, such a wannabe, such a radio loser.
He's going to talk about how QAM wishful thinking in our part.
He'll never recover from that snooze cruise from where we put WNWS out of business and they had to start a brokering nest station.
Because they were getting broker and broker.
What a jerk.
That seems to be radio seems to be filled with management jerks.
Huh, court incidents?
Idiotic jerks.
No, it's not a coincidence.
And that's because most management people in radio don't come from programming to come from sales.
Oh my god, be saiders.
That's right, they don't know nothing about programming, all they know is sales people are ice-holes.
That's right.
They know how to add columns of numbers and not well.
Get an abacus man, that's what we need.
Now forget all, now you want to go back to this thing lumpy and start arguing about whether I know what you're saying.
But if we're going to say the best candy in the world, that encompasses so much more than just what we're talking about here.
Now what are you trying to say is the candy bar?
Evidence?
But now when you stop, don't you find the M&M's in the same place where you find all the other candy bars?
So it's not in that particular form, okay?
Jesus, what a nitpicker.
Although you did send a very funny thing on it, my space.
What was that yesterday?
It was cute.
Uh, tech entity talking Obama?
Oh yeah.
Now what did it say?
Something about can I drive your home?
Did it buy driver home?
Can I be vice president?
Yeah, right.
It was cute.
Too bad you're not that creative on the ear, but nevertheless.
Hey, give him time.
The best candy, because if we start with candy, I mean it can be like you know the slices, those orange slices and a lot.
Oh yeah.
Like a different, you know what I'm talking about?
Sure, I know.
With sugar, olives and good and plain ease.
Yeah!
Well no, those are, yeah.
That's candy, not candy bar.
So then we were to agree with him and M&M's is not candy bar?
I listen, I don't care.
You think I care?
I'm asking you what?
Can't you, no one of your wife hates you like poison, which she doesn't die?
Can't you give us your answer?
I think if it's the only kind of candy bar.
M&M's not candy bar or not.
Of course not.
So it's hidden beyond here.
Maybe that's why we've been on here the first time.
Now let's see if we got any votes.
Yeah, that's already got one.
Oh yeah?
And he puts on M&M's plane.
I didn't say to put on M&M's plane.
George said we could do plane and penis.
I thought, yeah.
Oh.
Why not?
They're different.
M&M's penis is for all the different Hershey bars and Nestleys bars.
And we're getting taxes for people wanting more than the people of thousands.
And we're getting taxes for people that want all the different ones on there.
You can take those taxes and white, Josh Friedman's asked for them, okay?
All right, well I'm sending you a copy so we can do it all at the same time.
What?
We can do a thing.
Team white.
When you get that off of their M&M's plane, you can't put all the varieties on it.
That's like saying, what's your best?
Why not?
Can't pasta.
What's your favorite can pasta?
Yeah.
And then putting like 75,000 different Chef Boyardies on there.
And all the 84,000 Franco-Americans, right?
Why not?
Be for Roni's not bad.
Be for Roni's not bad.
Be for Roni with some Swiss cheese in it.
No.
Put it in.
A couple of slices of Swiss cheese in like with a fork like Mooshit all through in here.
And then how about just any Swiss cheese?
You can't have the can out the window.
No, I'm so wrong.
You don't like to be...
Oh, Roni, come on.
Boys in our team.
Boys in our team.
I'll have it like the Ravioli every once in a while in desperation.
Yeah, I'm a Ravioli-Ove.
Okay.
Please add the Hershey's take 5 of the corn.
Everybody wants their favorite sub-percee.
It's like Chubby Hubby and Can't be in the form.
What?
I said everybody wants their favorite kind of Hershey Bard.
Well, two men.
Come on.
Two men.
We're not going to put all the 84 kinds of...
What's it to you?
Okay, go ahead.
Put them all on there.
Put 4,000 Hershey Bard on there.
What do I do?
All right.
Then I can read the poll three times when you go home.
It'll be two o'clock.
All right.
The plan, man.
Okay, sounds like a plan to me.
What biggest name?
The best out.
It's no hidden or objects.
4.560 QAM.
The best sports leader.
Wonderful.
W-Q-A-L.
W-Q-A-L.
Hello.
Miss Peterson.
Yes.
Hi, this is Bob Williams.
Down at Sirius Bosbos.
Oh, hi.
How are you?
How are you today?
Fine.
Are you sitting down?
Yes.
I'm afraid I have some bad news for you.
What do you mean bad news?
I understand that Bosb been with us for almost 20 years now.
That's okay, isn't he?
Oh, Bob's fine.
Oh.
A little upset but fine.
He's been a good worker for us.
He's made all his quotas, his bonuses of ore.
He's been in line.
But we're going to have to let him go.
What do you mean?
We're going to have to fire him.
And unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing.
So that's not very fair.
You've been very loyal to you.
Yes, he has.
That's like a slap in the face.
I can imagine you failing that way.
Absolutely, but.
Feeling that way.
You don't understand.
We just had a baby.
Yes, I understand.
We have a baby.
Up to the Yin Yang.
I understand.
This is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing.
I fully agree with you, but there's something that's happened down here at the office that we can't overlook.
It's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself.
I don't know quite how to tell you though.
Why are you firing him?
What's the specific reason?
What could he do?
It's a little delicate.
Unfortunately, we found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary.
Oh, that's kind of a bit.
Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but.
That's not the word.
That's stupid one.
Son of a bitch, I can't believe this.
Well, he's going to need your support through it.
That's right, my son.
Right now, he's on his way home to you and he's going to be here.
On his way home to me.
He's got another thing coming when he gets home.
I'm going to change the locks on the door.
I'm throwing his self-side on the front door and he can just have it all up.
I'm not even going to be here when he gets back.
That's son of a bitch.
And now, now, I don't feel so bad about this brother.
Hey, man.
Me either.
1047 at 560 WDQM, Happy Thursday to you.
Boy, talk about stuff like that.
A top official, and this is from the Boston Grove.
And the Patrick administration has been placed on Unpaid Lead because he was arrested in Florida
and charged with sexually assaulting a 15-year-old male in a steam room at a $500.00 in a
gulp-coast resort.
Oh, no.
Carl Stanley McGee, 38 Assistant Secretary for Policy and Planning, is scheduled to be
re-earned next week for Sexual Battery in Lee County, Florida.
McGee helped crack Patrick's Casino Bill, life sciences legislation, and his plan to bring
broad-bound internet service to the farthest reaches of the state.
Court of Police report McGee was arrested December 28 and accused of performing oral sex
on the 15-year-old who was against it, the Gasparilla Inn and Club, a 95-year-old hotel
and championship golf course in Bokers Grande.
McGee was held over an hour and 300 grand bond.
Few state employees were aware of the arrest and accounted for an account in a local newspaper
The Bokabeacon.
You ever heard the Bokabeacon?
No.
I've actually checked that credit of the Bokabeacon.
Probably.
In fact, maybe you could get a job writing for it.
Good idea.
McGee's coworker said they had been told he was out sick.
I'm ready is.
McGee, whose annual salary is about 150 grand, couldn't be reached for comment.
His lawyer Charles Rankin did return phone calls from the Boston Globe.
Kofi Jones, spokesman from McGee's direct supervisor, issued a brief written statement saying,
Mr. McGee was placed on administrative leave of effective January 7th, pending the outcome
of the matter.
McGee, former growth scholar and Harvard Law School graduate, was previously a corporate
lawyer at the law firm Wilmer Hale.
He was instrumental in the movement seeking to defeat efforts to overturn legislation
of same-sex marriage, serving as the director of the civic and business outreach efforts
of the advocacy group Massey Quality.
At least he's not no hypocrite anyway.
A year after the same-sex marriage became legal in Massachusetts in May 2004, McGee's
John Fiendy de Forth was highlighted in the Vowel Sect in New York Times, former state
Senator James Burrio officiated.
Known for his shock of platinum here, McGee was named under the Boston Globe 25 most
stylish Bostonians in November.
You're fairy.
In the article, he described his stylist traditional, but it's also subversive and ironic,
he said, you can't wear pinstrek suits and have my hair color, he said.
But it'd be pit-a-boop pit-a-boop.
How do you like that?
All right.
Oral is moral.
That's what Bob Kuntzblund said.
Thank you.
I don't know.
Oh, geez, I don't know.
Let's hope not.
Let's hope not is right.
God enough already.
The oral majority, my ass.
Now what is this?
Oh my God, look at that.
I know.
The other sudden there's a spade of these stories now have a similar-
That's right.
A similar role, variations of a theme.
Is it morta-wit?
No, no, that's just sexy.
That is it.
Got one for the poll.
Take five.
Okay, it's another Hershey bar.
Hershey's take five.
Okay, put it on here.
Take five.
We'll take it off.
It has pretzel peanut butter.
First of all, that's another thing.
I don't mind pretzels.
I'm not crazy about pretzels.
I mean, I like them.
I don't eat them.
Right.
But I don't like pretzels with anything like chocolate.
Peanut butter.
Ah, I'll have to be desperate.
It has pretzel peanut butter.
Peanut's caramel.
Cut it with chocolate.
It's the ultimate.
Well, it sounds like craft.
That's from Brian.
Thanks, Brian.
So put take five on there.
Okay.
Done.
Lump.
Done.
I noticed him and him's got four hosts.
See, if you're going to listen to George
and put all these different variations,
M&M's plain, M&M's peanut, M&M's,
uh, yeah, enough already.
Stop.
Why?
Because I said so, man.
Oh, all right.
That's good enough reason.
I could put lots more on there,
but you know what?
I don't want to.
Right.
That's it.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
God, are you?
You're something.
You are a great human being,
but a hard ass.
Yeah.
And my right Chris is a hard ass or what?
From time to time.
The hardest ass you'll know.
Yeah, I know.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to be anywhere near it.
With just over a year to go in his five year sentence,
former TV weatherman, Bill Kamal has filed new motions
in federal court to vacate his sentence,
according to local 10.
Is that what they're calling themselves now local 10?
Yeah, local 10.
Oh my God.
He's serving time in prison after his 2004
arrest and internet sexting.
How will we did not get to see him on date line?
Damn it.
Kamal is acting not only for his sentence to be thrown out,
he's all-scratching in the court to remove the
lifetime supervision of face after his release.
Local 10's Julie Summers reports this crap.
Miss Kamal, the former Channel 7 meteorologist,
was arrested October 2004.
Outside of convenience, during Fort Pierce,
accused of arranging an access with a minor,
but the 14-year-old boy he'd been conversing with over the unit
turned out to be an undercover detective instead of private dick.
If I were the judge reading this motion,
I'd be very concerned that he hadn't accepted responsibility
for his actions because in this motion,
he's saying he didn't do anything wrong.
So local 10 legal analyst Lee Stableton.
What does that mean local 10?
Well, what is that?
I know we got NBC 6 and CBS 4 and local 10.
That's to remind you that very local station.
And the remaining 7?
That's right.
They're talking about you.
They're local.
In case Kamal has former attorney,
Jeffrey Volok believes the motion really has no substance at all.
He told the local 10 that Kamal's claims
they was pressured into a plea deal is simply not two.
It's not two, Ms. Kamal.
A lot of times in these times,
the cases the individuals don't really want to admit they have a problem.
And I admit they've got a problem,
creates another problem, said Volok.
But in 2005, prison邪 interview
with local 10 Kamal said differently.
I was a weatherman, a meteorologist.
I wasn't a newsperson.
I didn't have my world of ex-folder detectives and federal agents.
Who the hell knew what I was doing?
Well, obviously he didn't.
Volok said Kamal's forgetting about the explicit emails
he sent to the supposed 14-year-old boy.
According to investigators, one read,
it would be our secret of dad's son's love plus the sex.
Who the hell would have thought that by being a lawyer
in my house in the confines of my own secure home
that I was a committing a felony and b that this would happen to me,
Kamal said in interview in 2005 with local 10?
Local 10.
What is that?
Volok said he believes differently.
Bill would be better off if he comes to grips with what he did,
and move forward in his life, the attorney said.
Kamal's schedule released, date is March of next year.
He's gonna be marched out of there and marched
and right down to the tea room.
But he could be placed in a halfway house before then,
some are said.
A judge is ruled that prosecutors must be spot
at Kamal's motion with them next few weeks.
Volok keep glued to local 10.
So we can keep you abreast of that.
You see how Miss Kamal is doing.
That'd be a good full question.
Who's your favorite weather fairy?
Up or right.
Although, I don't think...
How many to choose from?
There are.
Aren't there cross?
What?
Yeah, Miss Kamal.
Hey, boy, what's that in your mouth?
Yeah, little Brian never did the weather, I know him.
So we can't call him the weather fairy.
Of course, also the paper boy there are channels seven.
He's still on there.
Craig Stevens?
I don't watch that channel, so I don't know.
I don't know.
He's still on that channel.
I imagine he would.
What about Miss Andrew?
She keeps flipping them all over the place.
Brian Andrew.
You still see it every now and then?
It's getting cities.
Great attest.
Attest that President Cohen, and President Francis, and so many political leaders, and community
leaders and all...
The idea that people are watching him debate Hillary Clinton, listening to his speeches
and listening to her, and then they're still going to vote for her, that idea is enough
to make me just gagged, just enough to make me go across the street to the convenience
store, get all of these candies that are on that pool, and just kill myself by a chocolate.
Am I right?
How can anybody listen to him?
How can anybody...
I know.
If her name was Smith or Jones, I would have said a million times, you would get full
of a rant.
We'll rant.
We'll rant.
We'll rant.
We'll rant.
Cold as ice.
The Minnesota Court of Appeals has ruled that a mother who did like to weigh her baby
circumcision looked, can't do a fridly hospital for medical malpractice.
Fridly.
Dawn Nelson sued Unally Hospital and Dr. Steve Barrestka, claiming the doctor removed
the most irrogenous tissue after the boy was born January 21, 2000, without consulting
either parent.
He removed the most ir- how do I- how do I- how do I know what's the most irrogenous
tissue?
He got one?
She's her tales.
Nelson and the boy's father, David Nelson, were unhappy with the result.
David Nelson, gee, I wonder how Ricky's doing.
And Harriet, Nazi, and Lumpy.
Now let's see, Lumpy was used on, uh, leave it to beaver.
Correct.
Who was the next to her neighbor?
He also did on, uh, Azion Harriet.
On Azion Harriet?
I never liked it.
Well, whatever.
Attorney Ziness Bayer was representing the mother in Sun City was disappointed with the
court ruling.
He said federal regulations say there has to be assigned informed consent before, uh,
form before any surgery.
We argue that the check-off box on a former guardian circumcision is beside the point,
saying, isn't the mom allowed to change her mind?
Bayer said his client plans to appeal.
Dawn Nelson initially sued the doctor, alleging that a solid and badry nevergine took place
that claim was settled separately.
The claims against unity, hospital and parent company, Alina Health System went forward.
Nelson claimed the hospital had to do need to verify that the doctor obtained informed
consent and claimed the hospital amid deceptive or misleading its informed consent policy.
They chopped it off, baby.
As for the child, another surgeon performed a revision for cosmetic purposes shortly after
the initial circumcision.
Let's get a more, let's get a good Jewish rabbi in there who knows what the, uh, where
to cut.
I took Alpha to get my second name to take it out to the啊
to get to the Q-A-Ad-Zeh and me to launch a show,
Ku-ry-a.
This was Whitney.
There's no idea brand and took a role in any question.
Rock with Jahres on θ3D
定 shows θ3D
HeeYee once to win baby
Died byside to wag in
Snow is his sway
Come!
Come, come!
Come, come, come!
Come, come!
Come, come, come!
Come, come, come!
The end of the sea!
He's the rest of the likeness now!
A crazy crazy clickle of life, my dear, the child!
So, my guess was gonna pop!
yine auite ootte!
Ha ha!
yine aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
lude!
Fine, Fine, Being, Being, Be-
Years, Fighters чуть!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Ha coene aute!
Yes, yes!
It helps you!
It's Ohno3 at 5.'60 W.N.'P
And that's what we're going to school!
And we're all joining hands.
We're all going to FAO!
All right, plan to me. That's what our management tells us if you yeah, I'm not gonna have you
Thank God for that too
Thank God
A lot of things all you would ask why not there are you silly people would you oh God oh, Hocus Pocus
How much are we doing on this pool on the new pool? Thank God I changed that too, you know
I don't know what I didn't tell about on the year I told you off there and you were in shock
And I knew everybody would right and when the audience is just gonna say oh you must be losing it well. I don't think so
So yesterday we went to lunch being Paco and we
Ordinarily go to you know two or three pretty regular places and he decided yesterday. Let's try red lobster
And I oh geez okay that would have been my reaction to it. I know I'm easy
I'll go along with anything. I'll figure out get a bowl of chowder. They do have usually pretty good chowder
I'll you know get something else. It was great
Unbelievable, I know that was the first thing it came to my mind when I sat down on
They leave when I looked at the menu which they've changed they have lobster pizza and
They have incredible mushroom stuff with lobster with the cheese mouth on it and they have just great stuff
It was oh man the shrimp to die for used to be to die from and
gigantic portions usually they used to they give you like a little turret on a plate, you know like the lump
It was great
And then the claim chowder was it was sensational. I'm actually going back to the weekend today
Really it was that good
I'm not well I feel compelled because I've ripped them over the years and probably deservedly so and everybody I ever talked to
Says like that, you know, but it was really good
Now I don't know if that's just the one here because I have eaten it the one here before long ago
Maybe like five years ago. I tried it and I don't know. Thank try it a couple of times. No thanks, but now it's great
I
Shocker and I feel compelled to tell everybody about it because maybe they want to try it and of course with my luck
They'll try it and all of you. It's still the same old car. I'm sorry. Maybe from in Canadian, I'll try it
You won't be in Canadian I might
When's that coming up man? I go into Toronto. I'll go to Vancouver
200 why why's that what were you gonna find a man?
Cooper you're not gonna find here. What are you gonna be able to do? You can do that here. No problem. All right, great. Yeah
Everybody else does why shouldn't you be RT
200 votes on the pool the best candy bar in the world isn't it doesn't have to actually be a bar, okay?
Okay lumpy. It doesn't have to be a candy bar. Okay
But if you're gonna put candy in a way and just generic it can be fudge, you know
I'm gonna put fudge on there
I'm like you both fudge don't you like you know anybody doesn't like fudge
Yes, and it's so rich and so it just sends your blood sugar skyrocketing right through the through the ceiling
But it's good except for that stale fudge that they sell like it stookies you know on the interstates. I know people that don't like chocolate
You keep telling me that so I'll change people from another planet. Right. That's right must be the best candy bar in the world is
Snicker is 48 is pulled away just like I did that other
Agulair and Bram and welcome little max Lyron Bram into the world on January 12th and aiming in circumcision ceremony took place on
January 20th, but the news have only just filtered down the line
Like that guy who died that Solomon guy Solomon Schwartz everything was
You've caught Robinowitz oh
We're back up all right. Let's hear it for the QM engineering man. They're the best when they show up, which isn't very often
Let me go back to Gellstrom again. I don't know, but soon I hear we're doing more of those
Good. Yeah, take some security with you by the way and if certain people show up. I think that's a good idea
I'm serious. I'm gonna take some hard pipe hidden friends
279 to pull Tissue will find a guy want to Mr. Goodbar got one everybody's got at least one arrows got to arrow bar
You have got to buy one goes there. They're not there to smell. I'll go look for one. I'll you know
I'll give it a shot. I'll tell me that you like it. I'll be shocked. I'll let you know
It's got air holes in it
For a laborer understand and they have it in chocolate and it meant
Okay, I think one other one to dark chocolate. You know what they all suck. They all hurt the same airy
You know if I want air I'll breathe it. I don't want to eat it. I'll breathe it a
Blind-collipse a musician and his band were thrown off a Ryanair plane as suspected terrorists were worded a total of
4,000 pounds in damages against the 8 grand
This is in the air. What's it from? I don't know some oh the Brit Guardian
Michael two-salt and four members of the London based Caribbean CEO International Orchestra were squirted off the plane at gunpoint
By Italian police without warning explanation. We're not allowed back on it is piping cleared by authorities within 20 minutes
terrorists
Having been thrown off the plane on New Year's Eve 2006 leaving the stranded in Sardinia
The band were only offered a flight to Liverpool by airline the following day
They then missed the last coach back from Liverpool to London and were forced to spend a miserable night in the town's bus station
Having failed to find a hotel room
Have you like spending the night to the Niagara Falls bus station? Where it's about the size of your thumb
It's thumb place a judge ruled the airline had enacted reasonably and it failed
And it's due to take care of the past years especially to a song who was entitled a special care because of his disability
He's blind
A blind terrorist what we have what was that guy at the world transcend of the first time which we which one was that he was blind right?
Mohammed Schmagegi
You also found the come see I'm not big on those Muslim names man. They got to work on the names
They got to do something with that at least you know the black Muslims have come up with better names
But the the Arab Muslims over there they got to work out. You know everybody is my hamid osmed
Shorts come on do better net
He also found the company issued a false and misleading statement of the BBC
We've been visiting on the Italian security authorities Jason Constantine 43
Remember the band from West Norwood south London
Said we were being accused of something with no explanation no apology
We were hurt angry for me the worst part was that the pilot made no effort to speak to us once the police declared us
Well, hope man veered
He called for investigation by the civil aviation authority added people are overusing the terrorist anger get away with things and this shows they can't
The band were thrown off the flight to stance today for passionate told cabin profile concern that the band the group were sitting separately
After sitting together in the terminal building for talk about mind your own damn business and quote me in such a yin
Huh?
What you hate people like that? Yeah, he also said he believed Tucson was fainting blindness
The passenger were fined to be a psychology lecturer then threatened to leave the flight with his family unless the band members are removed a further to families
Then made similar complaint psychology lecturer my ass
F. mirror psychology lecturer okay schmuck. That's what you are a schminderic a schlamazel a schmagegi
Philip Marshall who acted for the band said the incident may have already been may have been racially motivated
He said they were the only black people on the flight and certain members of the crew indicated the pilot
They were not prepared to fly with the group. Oh my god. God forbid we're gonna fly with some dark folks
Well, what's what is that? What century are they living it over there? Then damn Stagie Britz
He said to some awarded reflected the extreme situation in which the band members were left to
Fend for themselves
Constantine describing stranded and they deserted and rainy Liverpool on New Year's Day as hell
They were forced to take refuge from the elements in a kebab shop
Then a bus shelter until the station opened a three-am. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy said
In a written statement issued by the mayor's and city of London curiosity district judge
Southcombe awarded each band member 800 pounds each
In addition, they're out of pocket losses of 190 bucks each wow
They're a person of being the only black people removed from the aircraft at gunpoint for no reason
Their inability to be with their families and friends on New Year's even New Year's Day the overnight stay in the cool
The Liverpool have to be taken into account
He said the judge concluded that captain sand Dunlop had ample time to read as says the situation
Once the attendant authorities confirmed they were bona fide passengers, but did not
Probably was saying I don't want no shfarses on this plane. That's what he was saying. How do you like that?
Damn bigoted Britz
They have really done some irreparable harm to this world as we knew it, you know, yep that whole British Empire thing that you have that workout great idea
Yeah, South Africa in germ australia, New Zealand Canada. How's that working out eight?
Oh, I will say this. They're sure a lot of queens here
What's going on?
Like a wheelie
I
What
I
Had to go too much farting in the locker room. Maybe it was just clearing that thing up
Maybe not that their brains are gonna like to set a little bit
Maybe they can go and win a game you think not yeah, they can get it. I doubt it
Not soon anyway. So Steve fax is George and says
George I will send you an arrow bar. What flavor do you want milk chocolate mint dark chocolate or orange?
Let's go for the mint or the milk chocolate what I mean sure you like the mint
I
Can help it. I'll also send you a crunchy now crunchy your love you will love a crunchy and a flake
I don't know what that is you can sure that long got a lake here. I'll take another one
I
Know what that is a flake
What that's one of my very favorites. It's a Canadian thing a you won't find it there. I don't think
Although I said that about smarties too and then of course some smarty ass like that woman that kept bringing them by
Tom and sisters convicted of a dollar free face being stoned that after the Supreme Court of held that sentence is against them
Irene immediately reporting
That's what the Bible says baby and they believe in that Bible stone him to death if your kidney is obedient
Stone to death if they like to look at your cross. I stone him to death
The two sisters were from guilty of adultery a capital crime in Iran after the husband of one of the pair
Presented a video showing them in the company of other men while he was away. Here's my financial guy, but I mean put him up
but about
Oh my god this goes on I'm doing a radio show now Bill okay your great guy and thanks for all your help
But leave me alone
The penal court of Tehran Province already sends the sisters identified only as Zora 27 Azar to stoning the newspaper said
And everybody sends the sisters identified only as Zora 27 Azar to stoning the newspaper said
And that doesn't mean just stoning like a little bit you have stoned a death right
The atron ad newspaper quoted Jabara Salati their lawyer is saying that the sisters had initially been tried for
Illegal relations and had received 99 lashes
However, they were convicted of adultery in a second trial for the same incident
The period middle they were in the video, but argued there was no adultery as no scene on the video showed them engaged in any
sexual act
But he put a boop at a bomb. I hate like that. I got to get stoned to death in Iran
And also here's the thing Iran Gashore did just play off my dinner job well shows he's got issues man. He's got
Well, maybe he took a page out of my book and I would dress sloppy
Then they will fear you right wonder how do you like more used to say to me? How do you walk out of the house working like that
He's said to me, but you'll be behind my back. I wonder if our new guy if the A is committed with the Mohawar David
I would think so no well being a sports nerd guy
Everybody knew Mohawar David did the dori dori dori dori dori
I think he might be fascinating. Maybe maybe it's a long time for worse than my mother shows you think that might happen
hopefully not
Why not because he doesn't I'd a 12 no I'm talking about like a weekend or something. Oh, yeah, maybe
That was a shot. That was bad. Why I don't know maybe not
Sunday from 11 to 2 and that'd be a nice time for you to come in Sunday 11 to 2 well I work Sunday morning
So yeah, you'll probably see him then you can regale him with some of those great stories about Mohawar David
Did you do?
I'm sure you know anybody knew to the scene wonders what
Put the do it. Yeah, wonders what that is and you know what even after all this time. I still wonder what it is
Best candy bar in the world how many votes we got on this award winning poll three fifty three twelve now
What are we having the first one when I I?
Schmidt Candid I don't know. I don't care either over a thousand. I know that 1023
So we got 13 I written some odd if you put them together
It's a done making a difference make me stop doing that by the way with the numbers stop
Okay, I won't what we got now 13 one
Anyway, here's the poll result best candy bar in the world snickers 69 Reese's 29. I'm sorry, man. I just
These must be the same one right was favorite ice cream flavors vanilla. Yeah, maybe vanilla delicious no taste
And let me say to you again any food that is not good by itself that has to have an accoutrement is
Ain't nothing
Am I right? Yeah pretty much like if they bring you like a Ruth Chris you don't ask for steak sauce. I mean you can
But the steak is so juicy and so delicious without it that it's an insult to think you'd have to
Shmere something on there to make a taste better
Any food that you have to Shmere something on to make a taste better is
I don't know although I take that back because like pasta you don't want to eat by itself right right without without sauce
Oh, you have butter noodles sometimes a little bit of that
You're close to all goes zooming up there and you're here to bad. That's right. You ever get a cholesterol headache?
I would I know that that's what that was if you have like a lot of butter. No, I don't think so wow
Oh my god
It goes like to the top of your forehead and then always to top it's not good
Snickers 69 Reese's 29 speaking a not good Reese's sucks
What was with the peanut butter thing what is that all about? I don't know I can't handle peanut butter by itself
Why not I see that out of the with the spoon. I had too much I reached my
Out of the bottle in the juice Jeff and right Skippy
That's why Skippy just for while they that's all I have so you just eat spoonfuls of it. Yeah, I can't say anymore. Can't send a smell of it anymore
The best candy by the world Snickers 69 Reese's 30 butter finger 23 I can't not read them all this double digits
Three musketeers 17 I'll enjoy 17. I don't think I don't know. I don't see those here either. I don't want them
I don't want them because they got coconut
Right right right and I don't mind
I just I like real coconut, but not that processed shredded
Mon Mon coconut coconut monk
Twitch 17 horrible Milky Way 15 baby Ruth 12 put that baby in the punchball
Heathboard 11 and Eminem's 10
Anybody got now everybody's got at least one tootsie rolls only got one out of three 21. I don't know to me. Totsie rule is like
Tasefuls, you know, it's like
Maybe if that was the last thing there if that was all they had in the candy rack which would be unlikely
But if that was the only thing maybe I'd get to see roll
right right
Ever see to see roll just this morning
Yeah, we know what you're rolling. Oh, and of course this day wouldn't be complete nor with any other day without a story about
Yeah, shack no, oh come on. There we go
He's gone shack. Okay. He's gone. He ain't coming back. He's like pain came like a New York fella
All right, and it's almost noon you realize it's almost time for our macabre
That's right. See I lost track of what day it is anymore
I mean Thursday, but to me it feels like a generic. Yeah, I don't know what it is
When news of Whitney Spears released from UCLA Medical Center broke there weren't there wasn't immediate cost for panic from some of those close to her
I'm glad it happened quickly. Hopefully she's really on the way from more treatments of one person close to her and
Then just hours later as if she were literally trying to mind the world exactly who's in the driver's seat
Spears for herself back behind the wheel of a car
Unfortunately, this isn't common since someone was close ties to the same program
She was in and UCLA patients like Brittany go right back to their habits until they hit rock bottom
No, bottom
She obviously hasn't hit rock bottom this February looks like from outside
Developments have left many wondering just what happened during your hospital stay if this is the end result for a
Jarring portrait of a Spirits prior hospitalization. It says take a look at their rolling stones pro-Fileber
According to the UCLA source spheres days in the facility were spent on her close medical observation where doctors tried to determine
whether Spirits is responding to medicines and becoming stable and the staff is going to great lengths to explain her condition to her
Because Spirits is an adult she can't be held there against her will once she's no longer deemed harmful to herself or others
Obviously everyone has ever had a connection to Brittany's worries and one first needs to work with Spirits from the sound of it
They were as far from over far from over. Oh my god
If it turns out she does have a bipolar disorder she'll struggle with the sillness for the rest of her life
Say any Berman who chronicled his battle with bipolar disorder and electra boy a memoir of Mania
Berman also has at this period of her life when she's trying to get treatment is among the hardest
It's the most painful process and people who are bipolar are used to being confined when they've led their lives at 150 miles an hour
What does that mean? I know what bisexual is but what is my poor like manic depressive?
I assume like it's a predicate or not like a little bit of this a little bit of that a little bit of this a little bit of that
That's a good cup of that's a great answer
Little bit of this a little bit of that. Mm-hmm. This and that and these and them and those and that
155 at 560 WP
This is pretty quick whenever I shake my balls. I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour
Right
Che Schro ====
Long
I
If I want to see him grab the balls
Absolutely
Wow
Look at that shit
He's waiting on that boy like gravy when I ride
I gotta hide every screen and help me see his balls
I can do what I want him but I ain't gonna never get fun
No more days of a vision school
Okay, that's not so great
But I'm personal that is family
At least until he's 28
I'm ready now
I want some wings
He waiting on that boy like gravy when I ride
Oh, baby wow
Look at that kid
He waiting on that boy like gravy when I ride
Okay, it's up to him at 560 WDQA
And these things are all like hotcakes
Didn't have to stay couch-suitiv
It gets $100 a certificate for just 50 bucks
We started with Fiddy and we got 35
All right
Are you impressed?
Yes
30
Look at that, how many we got?
About 30 man
Wow, so we sold 20 and about 2 shakes of a lamestail
So that's good, we got 30 left there for you
And I'm not gonna get all bed out of shape and excited
The food is great there, it's a wonderful place
And, uh, it's so one and there you go
Like I said, put him many, many, many times
Once they're gone
Yep, they're gone
Oh
Republican Party of Politico is a spousal
And I'm flagging devotion to old-fashioned morality and family values
In vain heavily against game-erage abortion, homosexuality, adultery, feminism, crime, stem cell research, secularism and liberalism
All of which they tend to lump together
All of these things
As different facets of the same evil decadence
writes Michael Perenty in common dreams.org
GOP leaders dilate on the need to go put God back into public life
Many of them even claim to be directly guided by their deities' mandate when legislating and governing
Their private deeds, however, frequently betray their words
Consider this incomplete sampling of politically prominent social conservatives
Who preach the conventional virtues to their constituents
While practicing something else in their off-hours
Oh, this is a long, oh, this is good
You bet
How are we doing with that thing there?
21, oh, we're kicking ass
Recently deceased representative Henry Hyde and Illinois Republican played a key role in the impeachment campaign
Waged against the adulterer's president Bill Clinton
The several obituaries I read about Hyde failed to mention that he had a six-year liaison with a young married mother of three children
That was in Western, remember?
Yep, sure did
The woman's former husband blamed Hyde for the divorce that followed from the affair and for the emotional damage inflicted on his children
Hyde dismissed the affair as a youthful indiscretion
And having ended when he was just a calorie answer of 43 or so
In 1992, Hyde divorced his record 45 years soon after that he died and he quickly remarried
Represented to Bob Lewiston, Louisiana Republican married with four children, resigned as House Speaker-relect after his marital infidel
He's made the headlines in 1998
Speaker of the House Republican Newt Gingrich led the charge against the flandering Clinton while himself carrying on an affair with a congressional aid
Gingrich hastened the divorce action against his second wife while she was hospitalized with cancer in order that he might marry the aid
At one point, Gingrich is aiding ex-wife and children to hand a good material assistance from their local church having received insufficient sums from Gingrich himself
In 2007, he claimed to have come to grips with his personal failures having sought God's forgiveness
Right
Republican back to his minister Bill Randall
Who had been aggressively touted by the Republican Party as a candidate for the US House in Florida admitted that he had fathered an illegitimate child in the 80s
After confirming the child's existence, he changed the story the next day during a press interview suddenly insisting that his teenage son was the father
Sensing that nobody would swallow that story so to speak, Randall again reversed course admitted to paternity
He needed everybody a favor by dropping out of the 98 congressional race
Bob Barr was a Georgia GOP congressman until 2003 after which he became a conservative activist while still married to his first wife he was remancing the woman to become a second
Barr was on record as a staunch right to life where Bethiston prevented from driving wife number two to her clinic and paying the cost for abortion
He soon took on a new mistress who became wife number three shortly after he dumped number two
While in Congress Barr off of the defensive marriage act probably with good reason
Three leading candidates early Republican 2008 presidential nomination Rudy Giuliani, John McCain and Newt Gingrich had five divorces among them all involving adultery
On the Democratic side three from runners-jotted Woodsell, Rick Lynn and Barack Obama had neither divorces nor infidelities
It was the Republicans' late claim of being keepers of the traditional family values crap while damning the liberals for their immorality and profugacy
In 2007 Senator David Vittoray, Louisiana Republican and family values man, made the news for having patronized a prostitution ring in Washington DC for several years and earlier having used the services of a New Orleans brothel over a five month period
Vittor refused to resign assuring everyone I've asked for and received forgiveness from God and my wife but not from
Along with the hypothetical philanthropist land we're as early subterranean gay blades in 2007 Bob Allen, Florida Republican state legislated married with one child
Was arrested in a public restroom after offering to perform oral sex on an undercover officer for 20 bucks
Another restroom adventure was Senator Larry Craig Republican Abito and outspoken opponent of gays in the military and gay marriage
Craig was famously arrested for directing sexual advances toward an undercover police officer in a men's trill at Minneapolis St. Pauling the National Airport
The police had been monitoring the restroom because the complaints about sexual activities there
Craig pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct a number of other men including one from Craig's college days identified the senator as having engaged in sexual activity with emmerated overtures with that intent including an encounter in the restrooms at Union Station in Washington DC
He likes the tea rooms baby, take him to West Lane in higher Leah
A few weeks later another geo-pupiletic old consistently voted against gay rights Washington state representative Richard Curtis was caught with his panties down
Grashton women's lingerie he met a man in a locally run a video store and went with him to a downtown hotel for a night of oral and anal population
Once the store broke Curtis resigned from orifice by now word on the internet was a GOP store for gay old party or greedy old privilege and a Richard Curtis had no public life so he could spend more time masturbating with his family
There are three clasps of family that pulls together
Right, sticks together
There are three classic cases of Alprecha conservative anti-gays anti-gay gays who go back to the century at the I director J. Edgar Hoover, McCarthy and Investigator Washington lobbyist Roy Cohen and Cardinal Francis Spellman of the New York Roman Catholic Guards Diocese
All three of these prominent rivaligners and keepers of American homophobic vigilance were themselves secretly for blown homosexuals who sometimes party together in the company of choice male escorts
Back in the days when the press dared not clutch such stories they wouldn't touch it
Good idea of all cases what is the horrible is not only the obvious immigrant inconsistency between professed beliefs and private behavior but the professed beliefs themselves
Beliefs that advocate discrimination against gays brand prostitutes as criminals equate abortion with murder denounced divorces immoral threat to family and nation and treats ex between American sending adults
Even though they had a heterosexual variety as sinful fornication
Stolen them baby
Consequently a noticeable number conservative political is faced the bonding task of trying to submerge their lascivious desires in order to live up to their pure tamical mouthings
Trapped as they are an unyielding cycle of surreptitious sin and furious public denunciations of the same sins
In recent years Republican ranks appeared to be riddled not only with sexual hypergris but far worse sexual predators
There was a former Republican mayor of Waterbury, Connecticut, Philip Giordano, who's now serving a 30-70 years sentence for sexual abuse in 2001 of two girls ages 8 and 10
Jim White's conservative Republican mayor of Spokane, Washington back to measure the prohibitive gays and lesbians from teaching in public schools on the presumption they might get too close to their pupils
Meanwhile he was using his city hall computer to troll for sex with high school boys
Two men accused of arresting the most important were boy scouts and he was a true pleader
It was after the recall election in 2005
A GOP congressman from Florida marked fully was caught sending sexually explicit email to teenage boys who would serve this congressional pages
He reportedly invited one page to engage in oral sex with him and offered the boy refused
Fully chaired the house caucus on missing and exploited children which introduced strict legislation for tracking sexual predators
Republican congressional leaders received from points of bottom from congressional pages which they repeatedly failed to act upon fully resigned from Congress in 2006
At that time allegations of improper interactions with congressional pages were leveled at another Republican Congress
Jim Colby, Arizona who decided not to run for re-election
In 2007 a Florida federal prosecutor working for the Bush administration operating one of the most conservative United States attorneys or offices in the country dedicated to a hardline law and order approach
which charged with traveling across the lines that sex with a five-year-old girl
J.D. Roy Acheson, who had been chanting online with undercover officer, opposes a mother offering to let men have sex with a young daughter
When arrested on route to his would-be rendezvous with a five-year-old, Acheson was carrying a doll and petroleum jelly while detained in a federal prison of Michigan he committed suicide
In such instances the most reprehensible thing is neither the hypocrisy nor the professed beliefs but the behavior itself involving the molestation and sexual assault of children and running out of adolescence
The perpetrators are not merely hypocrites, they are criminals in these cases, they really are sinners
So the holy hypocrite's the lander is homophobic gaze and pedophiles, corrode their devotion to traditional morality while pursuing material and emotional plunder more repatiously than any of us ordinary infadels and libertines
Looking at the above cases and many others that one could add of space and patience allowed we can conclude that professions of religiosity are no guarantee of moral behavior
If anything the hypocrites use religion as a bludgeon to be brandished against liberal opponents in order they may sell but in my better pursuit there are grandizing goals and desires no matter how selfish and destructive they may be if this is morality who needs the generosity
Alright what's in it that story? The name of the story is Bad Boys Nasty Boys out of the GOP's closet common dreams.org Michael Permanty wrote it
Got it? Got it. Good. You don't got it? Get it. Get it. Wonder how Miss Kamala is doing? Miss what? Who he's doing?
Now let's see how we doing on our thing. Looking at it. Fourteen is all we got left. I'm starting to... One person has been interjecting here. Well I was gonna say it while you're reading so. Why not? Because you were reading.
Miss Follies said 14 is a good number maybe a little bit old but nevertheless. And of course your governor... Yay! One can only begin to wonder how long it's gonna take before some information is gonna start spurting out about your white hair governor who's so wildly popular by the way and who endorses John McCain.
Which you have to be insane with John McCain. Let's see TomPain.com is bugging me and also air Canada says love is in the air. Well good keep it there.
We got 14 left from a copy stick. Oh 13 like I said they're going pretty good. We only started with this natural place. The food is delicious. The service is very clear. You love it. What's not the location is good too for me. It's 51 Sunset driving South Miami. It's right there. What's not to like like I said?
The best talent. You know his new projects. We're going to 5.62 am. The sports leader. The last name. Is your political love life lifeless? Is there no candidate who really turns you on? Then try all new Baroque site. The all natural formula for stronger old badges. Hillary Clinton does nothing for me.
John McCain left me a little limp. Then I checked out Baroque site and I had the most incredible O-Basem Baroque sites.
Jimmy Lace both men and women. I never thought I could have an O-Basem just watching a man speak. But then I experienced Baroque sites. Oh God.
Baroque site is not a drug. It's not an herbal supplement. Baroque site simply gives hope for a more intense more pleasurable political experience. I had three O-Basem in one rally. I felt like I was 18 again.
Now every time I hear the word change I need to change my bad day. Come join the thousands of satisfied voters who are having amazing O-Basem thanks to Baroque site. Baroque site. It's the big O. In a way.
Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Baroque site. Bar
Great.
to me. You know that shooting at the Ohio school? Yeah. Well the good news is that it was just
a husband shooting his wife. Oh yeah that happens all the time. No kids were heard.
Bitch probably had a cover. Portsmouth, Ohio, where teachers hasn't been went to elementary
school today in Shatter, but no children were injured. The woman's condition wasn't
known another and the shooter escaped. Authority said they were in the process of trying to
elementary a private Catholic school on the main road in Portsmouth, a community in southern
Ohio near the Kentucky border. The school and another Catholic school nearby were lockdowns
at Deacon Tomburg by chance of the Roman Catholic diocese Columbus. But at Catholic Church,
sir got some sores baby. It's either a travelist and priest or something like a pissed off husband
with a gun who's a man. We are mobilizing our crisis team and setting them down, Berg said.
Parents made with cell phones, clustered their ears, congregated across the street from the
school and began leaving with their children around 10.30 a.m. of Kathy Hall, the office manager
at the cornerstone of the United Methodist Church across the street from the school.
I wasn't afraid from my own safety. I was afraid of the children because these turned out so
terribly, you know, it said Hall. The scene was chaotic with police cars and a few ambulance
as they sent him on the school and the fire department blocked off the street. The Methodist
Church locked its doors after the shooting and public schools were also put on lockdowns and
Superintendent Jan Broughton, who oversees the community's public schools. The Methodist
Church wanted crazy Catholics with God to shoot them up. It could be wrong, but something to think about.
There's Mitt Romney.
Mostly. I'm curious. Is this kind of a surprise to you? I mean, what do you think was his greatest
challenge? Why? And why now? Well, why now I think it's because he looks, you know, it's interesting.
You know, those people who cover Mitt Romney and covered him for a long time watched him
give PowerPoint presentations on his healthcare plan and PowerPoint presentations and all the reasons
he should be the president. He is a very data-oriented, numbers-oriented businessman kind of candidate
and he understands raw numbers and that's why kind of... It's pretty raw, right? Especially when you
don't watch that magic underwear, it's really raw. So anyway, he's out. So that's it. Romney's out.
Huckaberry-Hound and John McCain. That's the best of Republican Party can come up with. Man,
those two lumps. Couple of old lung heads. Even lumpy, they're things they're lungs.
Speaking of lumpy, how's that, can you... Boy, if you get those arrow bars and I don't...
The crunchy, don't give it to lumpy. You have it. Okay. In fact, split it with them. All right.
He can't have half. Now I'm serious. Crunchy, how's it doing? Probably not too well on the pool because
it's a Canadian thing, ain't it? That's a lot. Oh, I got two votes. So the first time we did this
pool, we had a thousand votes and crunchy got... Oh, I don't know because I chopped it off. That's
a lot. What a shame. I think 12. We had had 12. And that's only got a pair. Now we had a thousand
votes on this the first time we done it. Now we got 382 but we just started like in the...
We're beginning the show. We didn't cheat like I usually do.
Yeah. Best candy bar in the world, Snickers 84. Reese's 32, Butterfinger 24.
So I don't think to be a Butterfinger, is that ain't good but it's nothing to eat one.
I'll enjoy 22, twitch 22. Faa!
Twix my ass. How did you do that? Fork. Four musketeers 20, Milky Way 16, Baby Root 14. I'm
just doing the double digit ones because it's just too long. Chunky's got to eat both of that chunky.
Those are those squares man. They taste like dog turd. They're bad. You know chunky? Yeah.
Am I right? Is that what those are? They've got silver wrapper and they're like
fairies. They're like fairies. The big blocks. Faa! That's candy for goyum man. Alright.
Milky Way 16, Baby Root 14, KitKat 13, Heathbar 13, and then it's 11. Hershey's 11, Turtles 11,
Ten, and Mounds 10. And a Partridge and a Fair Tree. So there you go. That's what we got so far.
I like that poll but that time we did that thing with the um... the old time candies and we had
that website there. Now there were some of the people in the audience that actually sent in for
that crap. I didn't tell you to do that. And the stuff was stale. What do you expect from
stuff? They haven't been manufacturing it for like 80 years and it's been sitting around for a
century and they expect like fresh delicious candy coming in the mail? God. Right? Yeah.
Those Mary Jane's were good though. I can't remember whether you had those. I don't know. Yes, yes, I did.
They're like... What would you call them? Like Taffy kind of.
Truey. For sure. They're in their little yellow rappers with a little red stripe. Right?
Right. Mary Jane. Of course you were attracted by the name but never to let... Sure. Those are good.
They take a little bit like those in the last... They had molasses in them right? Right.
Well, like ashes in the last... He's saying, hey bye bye. The wet bird, he went on super Tuesday.
Oh, look at that. This is all files numbers. You know, there you people that see you and then you
want to be shot. Starting with that wolf blitzkrieg, man. Him and who's the other one I said was the same person or Jew
Lieberman? Right. Him and Wolf blitzkrieg are the same guy. In fact, Wolf is got... When he turns into the wolf
blitzkrieg thing, when he morphs into that, he's got one of those groucho glasses things, you know, with the beard on it.
And he puts that on and becomes wolf blitzkrieg. Like Clark Kent, you know, the same kind of a thing.
Then when he takes that off, he becomes a super Jew Lieberman.
Florida is trying to dissolve a community of sex offenders living under a bridge that includes a gym,
kitchen, living room, and two dogs. The men have lived under the Julia Tuttle Causeway for a year.
They say limited money and strict local ordinances make it nearly impossible for them to live anywhere else.
But state officials are telling them to leave.
We're urging them to find a residence. We want them to be able to reintegrate in this society,
he said, Gradle Plussinger, a spokesman for the Florida Corrections Department,
or hopeful that if we push them, they'll be able to find a residence that's better.
That's where you found Paco, wasn't it under the overpass?
Right, yes.
Oh yeah.
Same one I think.
No, not the same one.
The state first advised the 19 registered Tuttle Wallars last week that they must move since then
five of the men have found homes. A sixth is gone missing, a reflection of the angst over the order.
He wants his overpass back now, Miss Ratchet.
Plussinger said the probation officers are giving the men list the possible locations
thought for housing. The offenders were initially given 72 hours to find housing,
but Plussinger said it was simply to motivate the men to get started.
There's no firm deadline.
All cool corrections officials come fewer than 50 homeless sex offenders statewide,
about 9 London, the Oakland Park Boulevard in Fort Lauderdale Bridge,
until authorities abruptly evicted them last month, and incident Plussinger said
prompted the wider demand for relocation.
We're trying to be proactive. Give the offenders time to find a place,
the three of those evicted from Benithio-Clin Park,
bridging out camping out in the Everglades, he said, with the gators.
In all-in-while, animals.
A proud and insurer, president of the Greater Miami-Chapter of the ACLU,
called the underbridge housing cool and unusual punishment that gives the community a false sense
of security. The situation is driving the attention to state lawmakers.
Democratic state representative Jack Simon said that while restrictions to keep sex
offenders away from children are good, communities are trying to one-up each other with tougher
and tougher restrictions. He said the state may have to adopt uniform standards.
How come they can't stay under the overpass when all of them homeless voice people
and that the Sean Kanani guy are on the street corner is bugging the hell out of everybody?
Well, that's different. Oh, I see. There has to be some face in the Greater Metropolitan Area
where these individuals can reside and we can none of them,
so I'll say I'll have said, if we push them all underground around a virus where they can be
monitored, not in the best interest of public safety. It says the offenders community is like no other.
Just beneath where motorists pass in the Angle Dairy where the bridge meets a concrete
soap, there are domed tents, a cream colored soho beside a large generator-powered TV,
an Xbox, and stacks of canned food and drinks. Well, thank God they got an Xbox.
Right, you gotta have that. Air is tinged with sea salt and the sound of cars passing overhead
is relentless, yet perfect Atlantic waters make it strangely serene. It almost sounds inviting.
I'm ready to move in. At the bottom of the sulkers, a makeshift kitchen with a
table of grill and jugs of water that residents fill more than a mile away, the community has a canoe
for fishing, a weight bench, and a spot favored by a pit bull named Tigre and German Shepherd
named something I can't read. On pillar supporting the bridge and on the slow prisons have spray
painted their thoughts, we are not monsters. They treat animals better. Why? They wrote.
Juan Carlos Martin 29, a 29-year-old on the sex offender list for a lubra-losovius exhibition
of victim under the age of 16, and Krami Sissy didn't commit, said it's been impossible
for him to leave the bridge. He's been rejected from jobs 15 times because of his record,
and can't find a place he can afford its income plans for the law. Martin sits on his couch and
sucks on a cigarette as a tiny white kitten peeks out from behind a stereo that no longer works.
A gold crucifix hangs from its neck, his neck is obviously working like crazy.
He's off-probation now, but Sissy feels no freedom. What the law is doing to us is totally wrong,
said Martin was loathe there about six months, society will see that we're not animals.
How we doing on our own thing by the way Chris?
Was down to six. Is down to six or what was it for now? Four. Only four left boy, that's in just
less than half an hour. Got four left for the Makabi Steakhouse and you're gonna love it.
Get on the team. Do it. Get on there and do it. Do it.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to a dumb at people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and they only want that's growing. Now more blood will be spilled to get
that oil flowing. Forget about Korea and the notes they're totalling at us will write.
Queen is drilling it over and over into our head. That iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
On dime on the ass, 3000 people killed.
Our now forgotten let's exploit them instead. Hey, there's oil to be gotten.
Going after succumbed to Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Latin,
but no one seems concerned all. I'm being complacent. Believe in every word of this cartel
administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and a right wing is drilling
it over and over into our heads. That iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying. We're all suspects now.
Nazi-ass croft is saying I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying. Lino-beenians, paddles don't have any reservation.
Gallup provoked, battle, and world in annihilation.
Ogrisheens must fall in hell and virgin and stoke with no objection at all.
Then the crack don't have the fall and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our
parade was paid by rack has some weapons of past destruction.
I'm dying out of here. Only a rack has some weapons of past destruction.
But we've done a three out of certificates that I'll back up before, which means we've
made a boldest one in here and that's got to be chicken act trying to use that old J. Byron's card again.
It's got to be. Maybe this time we see the library card.
So we got four certificates left and we would like to pedal them along there to this hour or before
too anyway. When we? Yes. Yes. Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney will suspend his bid for
the Republican presidential nominations. GOP sources tell CNN. And it keeps showing his file footage
there. I know you see this split screen because they're waiting his speech to the conservative
political action committee are waiting that they got all the flags up there and they're all sitting
there motionless and waiting for the dreaded news that's to come. So spending a campaign is a
different meaning depending on the party. He said call him and the party started is what he said.
That's what Mitt Romney said. And we know what the host said. Do you know who I am? I'm
low-grie. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleader. I'm the Republican side
decisions on how to associate delegates is left of the state parties. On the Democratic side
of candidate who suspends is technically still a candidate. So here she keeps both districts and
statewide delegates one through primers and caucuses. Super delegates are always free to support any
candidate at any time whether the candidate drops out suspends or stays in or you know, blows chunks.
National party will say that a candidate who drops out keeps any district double delegates here.
She is one so far but there's any statewide delegates here. She is one but a beat but a
boot put about. She has a lot of double thought. Here in Washington waiting for Mitt Romney as well
and we have all of our fabulous political reporters to bring you and Alan. The best
guy he is. The best guy he is. Andy Crowley. Bill Bennett. Bill Schneider and Deb Lambo.
All the same old times. We will be all back right after that.
All the same old times talking. Oh my god. They are just waiting and waiting. This is like the press
conferences we have to announce that they are like shankers leaving or that they have won
that was leaving or next statement that high tailed out of town in the middle of the night.
Like that. Right? Right. Press conferences to announce things that everybody already knows and a
lot of people don't give a crap about in the first place. Macabre sold out. We did?
You. Get out of here. I don't even know. But they haven't had verified yet because probably a
couple of those might be a chicken heck with his old Jefferson's card. Correct. His monkey. His monkey
word card. Oh, the air said oops. No, they're the come wait. Well, they're out. What was
air said that and it looks sold out from here. It's not official yet. I see. When you guys just
come down. It's only 1235 for price. Jesus Joseph and Mary man and Abraham Alvarm Solomon.
Calm down. Don't have any work to do like this. And once that official science like at the track
and Georgia courses now hooked on the track. That's right. He's a racing official now. I don't know
what to be a degenerate. Well, there's the Dubai. Do we do we Dubai race? Which one to ride?
Consular or a ramping the only thing that went on the dirt. So we each used to ride.
That's something all these Arab sheaks now. They got the big bucks to get all of our oil money.
As a result, they're buying up all these expensive race houses and making more money and just
criminal. That's why everybody's got to watch network. This coming this weekend. Everybody
C.A.D.L. stop now. That's where you got to be screaming and yelling and carrying on like a like a maniac like a lunatic.
I'm a man. I don't know. I don't think it takes us anymore. But never look too late now.
Cats out of the bag. Cats in the cradle, I think. Well, cats, Stevens. How's he doing?
He's still doing what? He's still a Muslim. Right. I do like that. But you want to know why I like that?
Yeah, that's it. It makes me think of the camera. I was here.
This is Albert writing about becoming American.
They're ancient Seed, how does it circuits human's collection?
I was so including the graphic.
I'm in full of INF 16.
What do they want with me?
Come on in from your purchase does not go to fun terrorism, really?
It's not time to get off the plane.
Just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb.
That's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a firewood you.
Find dark skin.
And a rat.
I got a variation on a classic one.
I know I'm a failure.
I have myself every day.
Which American should pay.
Tell me you ruined New Ham and slave.
I'm not ashamed of it.
I'm cutting through the neck of a woman.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
So buy New Catch Stevens collection today from 1995.
Or you can play with Lisa, Master Guard or weapons of Master's drugs.
Biggest name.
The best talent to your kids.
His real largest sport figure, 5.60gm.
The sports leader.
And hold it.
From higher top teams house of mates and beautiful downtown Hellendale.
It's the WQI M cluster.
My hearty.
Baby, everyone welcome.
This is your host, Mohameda.
And I'll be bringing you weathery, glamorous movement of this gay, la, la, la, la, la, la of it.
Live to your living room.
The estate guests are arriving now from their left to the right of your radio.
I'll be interviewing them as they tread the red carpet.
Why it's not under the jelly joe belt?
Why do I know Joe and what do you say?
When they told me they'd be free food, I...
You're old, it's you.
Yeah.
How do my way of hungry?
Oh, and, uh, oh, oh, oh, for you.
I don't want to think it.
Why do you don't hear?
You don't work but have no more?
Well, sort of.
Is that so?
You are.
I'm Joe, I'm boy, style, new lover.
You're like my canister.
Get out of here.
Oh, oh, Gregory just pulled up.
He has an old colleague, who I wouldn't want to see again.
I got to ask you.
Hey, Gregory, what kind of car is that?
It's a 1928 Maxwell.
Oh, Phil is.
Yes, boss.
Foot Maddie in the glove box, will you?
Yes, I'm Mr. Vade.
Oh, he comes up a professional program director.
Clarence did the downroll.
He's pulling up now and now it looks to be a, uh, metallic teal PT cruiser.
What seems to be filled with naked basketball players?
The internet game girl.
Thanks for the ride.
Somebody back there trying to get out.
That was, what wild, baby?
What wild?
That was close, huh, Jack?
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
Get your mess off me.
1245 with 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday from all your good post personal friends at WQAM.
That sound like really, um, sincere?
No.
Oh, well too bad.
Let's see how that pole is coming.
Here's the second race to 10-per-bay downs where they got that screaming announcer.
Getting off the early kick three races, two three and four.
So, how about your selections?
Let's take a look at the field and say get ready to go on to the racetrack.
Oh, that's not.
Jesse Hemman is Garcia.
You know, I know some of the Ajakis are Latino, have you know what I'm saying?
No.
Yeah, you did.
I have not.
A barcowa.
Poop.
And, uh, Queen Idiot Velasquez and Jorge Velasquez and all those, uh, Alon.
90%.
419 votes on the pole.
The best candy bar in the world is Snickers 89.
Can there be any doubt?
Especially that new one with the light yellow wrapper there is like a tan wrapper.
It's got, um, almonds in it.
Hmm.
Reese's 35.
I'll enjoy 26.
Butterfinger.
I'm going to read them all.
That'll kill some good time.
Butterfinger 24.
Twitch 24.
Three mouse critters 21.
I got to get off of that.
Let's get on to a good channel here off of that racing channel.
Let's get some A.H.L. hot.
Oh, well McKickney, there we go.
Let's bring him back.
Butterfinger 24.
Twitch 24.
Three mouse critters 21.
Heathbar 18.
Milky Way 17.
Baby Ruth 16.
M&M is 14.
Schmidtcat 14.
Mylon's 12.
Turtles.
Does that say turtle?
Yeah, turtles a lot of that said truffles.
That truffles is a kind of candy, but it's made by, you know, I mean, it's a kind of candy.
Right.
Made by lots of different people.
Right.
Like, um, lint.
Right.
Hershey's 11.
Watch him call it 9.
$100,000.
I don't see that in no more.
I just don't even know what that is anymore.
What was that?
Hell.
Chucky 8.
We know what that is.
Little square chunk of mung.
Not good.
Payday 8.
Clarkbar 8.
Now that's the candy bar.
Clarkbar.
There's just something about it.
It's got that nuget.
You know what I mean?
And if we like it stuff, you can nuget.
Look the nuget.
Mars 8.
Oh, Henry.
Henry.
Henry.
Henry.
Henry.
Henry.
Marker 3.
Right.
That's candy in the box.
I like it a lot.
ellen tte movies you eager to get good and playing.
Sure.
And what about N linear wayfers what about them, see grises rate about one thing.
I hate to have been anything about lumping right about anything is it
official by the way way on the.
No, we have four what we have four we have four left.
normally as we thought we had zero and we got four left for him.
McKinby.
So hot spotted man.
There's four there for you.
It's good people every 20 got shut out though.
once they're gone.
Yeah.
But no, you're right about the difference between candy and candy bars because like,
what was the one I just got on Nickel Wafers?
No, nobody does it like those, I don't think.
Oh, like a little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little,
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little
little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, little, .. little, little more Louis. At last you know, what value will we buy inside here? We'll cut you down to our
or kicking ass on that to kneel to your thing.
And that's why after others have just even dropped the ball on.
They don't even do it anymore because they couldn't sell a nut.
Couldn't sell too many.
You wonder why they can't sell too many?
L-O-A, baby.
Lack of audience.
And L-O-Q, lack of quality.
And we got the quality joints and they got the swell.
They got the slot, the slot-house.
So let me say it again.
The red lobster was really good with the yesterday.
I can't.
I'm tempted to go back there for lunch.
You can slide by yourself.
Dude, just to see if it was an operation, a fluke.
No one know I made it.
In fact, all of the fluke, they got all new menus and all
has a new special fluke.
And maybe they're under new management?
I don't know.
Well, overall, how can they be under new management?
Well, each franchise has a manager.
You know, it manages each individual store.
By the way, I mentioned Mitt Romney dropped out.
You did?
Oh.
Just making sure.
I'm not afraid of that.
Because I got off a CNN because I got tired looking at that stupid podium.
Oh, there he is.
That's how much is sleeping under a panel sleeping ass.
It does.
Very thin.
Bad audio down here in the US and the US and the US are a bit of audio.
They have the MS.
No.
The attack on faith and religion is no less relentless.
And tolerance for pornography even celebration of it and sexual promiscuity.
Right.
People with the twisted incentives and government welfare have led to today's grim reality.
Thank God he's done that.
A number of African-American kids born at a weblock, 45% of Hispanic kids, 25% of white
kids, how much harder it is for these kids to succeed in school and in life?
A nation built on the principles of the founding fathers cannot long stand when his children
are raised without fathers in the home.
What?
What's the name?
Oh.
Who else?
Who else?
Who else?
Who else?
Who else?
Who else?
OK.
The sky is far out.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all women with painted lips around the pool, I listen to the New Old Rogers' one and two hours.
I mean I listen to the New Old Rogers' fair and balanced one and two hours.
Who's the candidate that African-American think is great?
No.
It's Hillary.
Who is the one with not a fairy tale?
Get things done!
Stop it! It's Hillary!
Who's the one who draws big crowds and makes the brothers and sisters proud?
Shut up!
This broad character is a real mother!
That was taken out of contact!
If you want hope and change, vote for the one with the recognizable name!
Stop it! It's Hillary!
How many times do I have to say it?
Honest, goodness!
So frustrating!
102.560.wm.
So, mid-Rotney's dropping out, man.
Look at how they dropped by the wayside.
It was Chris Don, it was Joe Biden, and there was, uh, who might have even been on?
John Edwards?
Right.
And there was a Duncan Hunter.
And then that Duncan Hyde?
And Duncan Hyde?
And Duncan Hyde's? And Duncan Donuts?
Stop it!
So we sold out for the McCobby thing, right?
That's official now.
Just an excellent thing.
See?
On last night's Bill O'Reilly factor, and this wouldn't have been last night,
we've been on Monday nights.
Bill O'Reilly and his panel spar over inclusion of gay families and relationships
in class discussions and public schools.
Only in Massachusetts O'Reilly quips, well maybe in Berkeley and San Francisco.
In April of 2006, Tanya and David Parker sued S.D. Burke Elementary School in Lexington, Mass,
and for this, San Jacob brought home the book, Who's in a Family, which includes gay parents?
Joseph and Robin Wurtland, parents of Joseph Jr. later joined the suit after the Sun Secondary Teacher Read,
King and King, about two kings who fall in love, allowed to the class, the plaintiffs claimed, in doctrination.
The first US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld this missile of the federal suit,
disagreeing with the plaintiffs, who contended that state law required the school to notify them
when the children's teachers were going to provide or discuss the books in question.
On the indoctrination claim the Court acknowledging the public education's role in preparing children for citizenship,
opined that the materials were not meant to hinder a child's religious upbringing,
but to acknowledge the existence of different people and points of view.
Because the books in question did not explicitly discuss human sexuality,
nor were they used for sex education, S.D. Burke didn't see any defy the state's notification law.
Or while he says, let's get to this gaiting in Massachusetts.
We've covered this from the jump.
I think it's Newton-Mass Public School.
They want five, six, and seven-year-olds to be gay fairy tales.
Two princes, this, that, and the other thing.
Parents said, knock it off.
Two little, we don't want them reading this stuff.
It goes against their religion.
Everything we stand for is an appropriate.
But the Massachusetts and only in Massachusetts, well, maybe in Burkley and San Francisco could this happen,
they said, no.
If we have your five-year-old read about two princes, then we damn well they're going to do it.
Correct?
And it goes on.
He's just, you know, he is what he is.
He's just a bigoted, appealing to the basis lowest, and that's what the Republicans are all about.
And that's why so many bigots watch Fox News because they're stupid and bigoted.
You know what I'm saying?
I like how he's stupid and bigoted.
What an ex-bloc, or Halloween.
You know what he sounds like?
He sounds like he sounded like a Gulf Stream last Friday.
Am I right, Chris?
Yeah, almost.
Yeah, Tinney.
Next time you go out there, bring you some great equipment, okay?
Yeah, right.
And it says from...
I'll see if they have some here.
You know, our colony was an infant?
Right.
Well, the first time you were there, you sounded fine.
Is that recall on your right?
Different setup, yeah.
What do you mean different setup?
Different engineer, different equipment, different setup.
So you blame the engineer for it?
No.
Why not?
It's just the way it shook out.
Katrina Van Dindhooval writes on the nation avoiding a convention train wreck.
And boy, she's got a good point.
As usual, nice going on, honey.
She says, long thing that's clear after Tuesday night,
we've got a tough and potentially ugly delegate fight ahead of us
for the Democratic nomination.
Not only might the unaccountable and undemocratic super delegates come into play,
but the prospect looms of a bitter inter-party battle to see the Michigan and Florida delegates.
The D&C, Governor Dean and the State parties,
needed to do some serious thinking starting now...
And how do we avoid a situation where backroom deals determining the nominee,
and his or her legitimacy is called into question?
As most people know, the Michigan and Florida delegates aren't supposed to be counted
toward determining the nominee of penalty for unilaterally moving their elections
up in the primary season against the party's wishes.
The candidates agreed not to campaign in the States,
and in fact only Hillary Clinton appeared on the ballot in Michigan.
Once she won both states, her campaign predictably began to argue
that these delegates should be counted.
This could force the Obama campaign in the unbeatable position
of looking like they're trying to block voters in two swing states.
It's a train wreck waiting to happen, perhaps to be played out before the National Media in Denver.
The question is, what can be done to preempt this?
I know that there's a credentials committee and a rules committee,
and probably even a committee for the selects of the credentials and rules committee.
I know the delegate process is laid out and explained in the bylaws,
but certainly the DNC never anticipated the situation,
and it calls for a creative and immediate mending of the process.
One proposal is that both Florida and Michigan be permitted to caucus later this spring.
It goes without saying that the Clinton forces would reject this,
but if the DNC Governor Dean State Party is not a prominent Democrat like Jimmy Carter,
Janet Woods, Joe Biden, Bill Richardson, Jesse Jackson,
Walter Mondale, Jerry Hart, and so on,
I'll call for a fair contest with the candidates competing head-to-head.
How long would the Clinton's put up a fight?
They'd move from looking like the defenders of Michigan and Florida voters
to looking like they're once again attempting to gain the system.
At the very least, people need to be reminded that everyone agreed to the earlier party,
and the decision to strip the states of their delegates, including the Clinton campaign.
This fight isn't the responsibility of the Obama campaign,
it was a party decision agreed to by all of the candidates,
and the party needs to stand by it or come up with a better solution.
Seeding delegates a Clinton won during a side show is unacceptable.
Un-exceptible, right?
I saw it in Katrina, you go, girl.
You got a facts here? Oh, very sure.
How about Cadbury's chocolate bars? That's pretty good chocolate, especially the caramel.
Mmm, it's it.
Mmm, okay, put Cadbury's.
Since we're just a generic, you know.
We're not going to put each one with nuts, with fruit and nuts,
without just plain dark, extra dark, extra medium, you know.
God.
I mean, the possibilities.
We could have a pool with like 60,000 choices on it, right?
And then I could read it once a week, you go home.
Sounds great.
Sounds like a plan to make.
So try everybody lost her.
In fact, maybe the people in the audience will try and, you know,
get some faxes on it, or maybe when you're on again, you'll get some calls like the rest of the sour.
Sounds good.
Okay, yeah.
Hey, I'm telling you, tomorrow, one o'clock, let's get that hour back.
Get out of here early.
We can't do it.
What are they going to put on?
Gags!
Jake, you're saying going to do it?
Sure you will.
They don't want him on the extra.
That's the one that Herod said.
They're not doing that.
All right.
Curris is what?
That was not the case.
Like, Curris is going to admit that to you,
so you can turn around and say, well, if he's not qualified to be on from one to two,
how can he be qualified to be on from two to four?
And you know you'd say that being the smartest and best you that you are?
That might.
So even he's not that stupid.
He's going to leave himself down that road, man.
Down that rocky road.
Chocolate marshmallow.
I'm not sure they don't make it anymore.
What?
Chocolate marshmallow.
Like, mallow-mars?
Like, mallow-mallow?
Ice cream.
Forget about mallow-mars.
I don't think I got that stuff.
I don't think I got that stuff.
I don't think I got that stuff.
They do?
I mean, one way or another?
I mean, does the rocky road have mallow in it?
No, no, no.
One way or another?
Right.
Sometimes I scratch my head, and I wonder.
Yeah.
I wrote the book of law.
Well, Snickers, again, is kicking ass.
When we took this book a long time ago, it didn't ever respond to any way about the date.
Because it was one of the really early ones, I believe.
I don't know.
I went back to the history thing.
They were, I scoured it and scanned it.
There was none around me.
I got none around.
One thing on your sits.
I made one.
It's all your own.
I'm having a weird survival something.
Right, we made one.
A bigoted crap.
All your goody two shoes, polyanna garbage.
One can only begin to imagine the kind of hanky, spanky he's been involved in over the years.
Can you even begin to imagine?
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
Right, good point.
Snickers and Reese's were one and two.
The last time we done this and another one and two again.
In fact, it's not interesting.
Not thrilling, but moderately interesting.
Snickers had 21, has 21.5%.
Now they had 22%.
The last time we done this years ago.
And Reese's had 9.9.
Now they're done to 8.6.
Twix came from way down to 4.68.
From 8 to 3rd.
Although we got a real good battle going on for 3rd.
Twix, I'll enjoy Butterfinger a few musketeers.
The first time we done it, Milky Way had 66 votes.
And Milky Way's dropped it out of the top.
I don't know.
Milky Way's got that new dark chocolate
with like new-gidden crap in it.
Oh my god.
It's obscene.
That stuff should all be against the law.
If cigarettes have to put a warning on a package,
with a skull and crossbones practically,
warning the surgeon general is determined this is going to kill you.
Then why don't the sugar products have the same thing?
Am I right?
You are?
This is going to kill you, man.
If you eat this, you're going to die over there.
Wherever you're buying this, you're going to die.
But please buy it because we want your money.
Like that.
Well, there is a pasty-faced him, Russell.
But his words guarantee the nomination of John McCain.
No one will stop him now.
As for Ronald Reagan, Ronald Reagan...
Is he running again?
And I'm too out.
Ronald Reagan popped back in again.
How do you like that?
Wow.
He forgot he was dead.
10 after 1 at 5, 60 WQA.
Yeah!
This is loaded to spell with Donnell.
I'm a Donnell Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word broken.
Filled with me now.
Broken.
VR-O-K-E-N.
Now, let's use it in the fence.
So I said,
through the code, I said,
it's a man.
That broken show throw of football.
This is loaded to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
This is loaded to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word defends.
Filled with me now.
Defend.
D-E-F-E-N-F-E.
Now, let's use it in the fence.
I ruined my new high top,
climbing over to fail.
This was loaded to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
This is loaded to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word European.
Filled with me now.
European.
E-U-R-O-P-E-A-N.
That's a big one.
Now, let's use it in the fence.
So I said to the guy,
I said, hey, get away from my car.
European on my tire.
This is loaded to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
Almost looks like they're really important
because they've brought the Greg Bryan Williams in the middle of the day.
I didn't be seeing it.
Well, in the inner circle,
or in the big shots,
we're having fun for them.
It is a real challenge now.
Aren't you excited?
Not.
Yeah, what about them?
You got Tom McCain.
And you know what he says.
I better...
Kill him all.
Kill everyone.
100 years in Iraq, baby,
and lots of wars are going to be wars and wars and more wars.
He don't know much about the economy or like that.
But he says...
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, brant.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, brant.
And big joke, very funny.
Real comedian.
You know how he's trying to be like A-A's stand-up comedian now in all his speeches?
Could we help?
Chucklin and Chortlin and Pukin?
Like that?
Oh, there he is.
He's trying to engage.
Oh, that's right.
And they did more foul footage on MSNBC.
They show us a lot of foul footage.
Robert Scheer writes,
The Legacy of Bush 2.
He says,
Kirby, Mintuzzias,
and even if your favorite candidate did well on Super Tuesday,
ask yourself if he or she will seriously challenge the bloated military budget
that President Bush has proposed for 2009.
If not, military spending will rise to a level exceeding any other year since the end of WW2
and there'll be precious little leftover to improve education and medical research,
fight poverty, protect the environment,
or do anything else a decent person might care about.
You can't spend over $700 billion on national security,
running what the White House predicts will be more than $400 billion in annual deficits
for the next few years,
and yet find the money to improve the quality of life on the home front.
The conventional wisdom espoused by the mass media is that Bush's budget is a lame-duck,
DOA contrivance, but that assumption is wrong.
The 9-11 attacks have been shamedly exploited by the military industrial complex
with bipartisan support to ramp up military expenditures beyond Cold War levels.
The Serrational Spending Spree, which accounts for more than half of all
federal discretionary spending, is not likely to end with Bush's departure.
Bush wanted likely winners from either party would lead the battle to cut back on the military budget
and were with the winner find support in Congress,
both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama treated the military budget as
Sankro Sank, with their Senate votes in their campaign rhetoric.
Clinton is especially clear on the record as favoring spending more and not less on the military.
John McCain, who previously distinguished himself as a deficit hawker,
was almost in a class by himself and taking on the repacious defense contractors,
has thrown in the towel with his inane support for staying in a rack till victory,
even if it should take a century.
It is simply illogical to call for fiscal risk,
while committing to an open-ended war in Iraq that's already caused up for the $700 billion.
Bush's request for $515 plus bid in for the defense department
doesn't even include the cost of the war as an Iraq and Afghanistan,
which he kind of赚 nearly 200 bid in over the last budget year,
and which will cost at least 140 billion in 2009.
After those number 17.1 bid in for the Department of Energy's weapons program,
and over 40 bid in for the Department of Homeland Security and other national security initiatives
spread throughout the federal government, and you'll see that my $700 billion figure underest
underestimates the hemorrhaging.
McCain knows and is frequently stated as a center watchdog
that much of the military spending is wastefully superfluous for combating terrorists
who like any but the most rudimentary weapons.
Bush totally betrayed his campaign 2000 promise to reshape the post-Cold War U.S. military
when he seized upon the 9-11 attack as an opportunity to reverse the peace dividend
that his father had begun to return to taxpayers.
Instead, Bush, too, ushered in the most profligate underwriting of weapon systems
that are grotesquely irrelevant for combating terrorism.
The U.S. already spends more than the rest of the world combined on its military
without a sophisticated enemy inside.
The Bush budget cuts not a single weapon system,
including the most expensive ones, those designed to combat a so-called war.
The Soviet military that no longer exists.
Those sophisticated weapons have nothing to do with combating terrorism
and everything to do with jobs and profits that motivate both Democrats and Republicans in Congress.
It's not known whether or some have been loved and even possesses a row boat and is naval arsenal,
but that won't stop Jewelieberman from pushing as his is habit for an increase
in the defense budget to double the funding for the $3.4 billion submarine's
building his own state of Connecticut.
Nor does the collapse of the old Soviet Union,
and with it the need for enormously expensive stealth aircraft
to evade radar systems and Soviets, never built,
is swaying congressional supporters of those plans and planes
for pushing for more or not less than Bush is requesting.
Nor does wasting an additional point on brilliant ICBM missile defense
have anything to do with stopping terrorists from smuggling a suitcase
nuke into this country.
The centerpiece of the Bush legacy is a war on terror based on a vast disconnect
between military expenditures and actual national security requirements
that the presidential candidates all fully understand.
The question is whether the voters and media will force them to face
that contradiction or whether we're in for more of the same no matter how much the candidates
go on about change.
But a beat that a group about Huffle Roberts here said he was way too
liberal for the early times.
I said you're out of here Bobby, you're gone.
And once you're gone, guess what?
You're getting gone.
Game?
That's right.
No more bent Romney, he's out.
He dropped out.
I guess he got terror to spending all his millions of his own dollars.
He could have given that to us, we could have had a great time with it.
Doesn't that piss you off?
And frost my fad old Harryass, I'll take you that.
I think he spent like 35 million of his own money and just might as well have flushed
it down the toilet or just written us a nice check.
Written me a check.
I don't know, I just shared a little bit.
Not a lot.
Look at that.
Cadbury's been put on.
He doesn't have any votes.
Cadbury's has the big O on our candy pool.
Best candy bar in the world.
Snickers 103.
Reasons 41.
Twitch 29.
I'm in joy 28.
And Butterfinger 28.
Yeah, once we get past the top one, once we get past Snickers, it's a tough choice.
Makes me want to snigger.
What?
Once we get past Snickers, what was it you say?
You heard it.
For 81, Chris is our goal as 500 votes today.
Uh-huh.
You don't care.
What are you talking about?
You're kind of lumpy today.
Once we sold all the certificates for McCabe, that was good.
That was the important thing.
It's your hard out, Tutsi.
Tutsi, Futsi.
I have to put them on Dave LaMont in the morning with the news there on IOD.
Because Tutsi, Futsi, Futsi can't sell his crap.
And Stu Gus, he's got stuff over here.
Someone from when, what, Dan LaBaster was a baby.
From when Joel Feindberg was still in diapers a couple years ago.
How come there hasn't been more written about that?
The fact that he's just, you know, he's out.
Shhh.
I see Jikker wrote about, you know, a little paragraph in the Sun's Center.
Like I like mooshed into some other story about him.
He's out.
And Dennis Collins says, well, QAM can get all excited if they want like they have before.
We kicked your ass in the last book.
Okay, kicked it big time, destroyed it, creamed it, demolished it.
And you're writing stupid memos, Dennis, like you know something about the business.
Like you've got some claim to fame and radio like, with life, life, WLWF,
with slush music that you have on there.
What's the other one he's got?
Magic.
Magic.
Even Ricky Tiki couldn't take another day of them.
He bailed out.
You know what he said?
When it's time, it's time.
You know what it's time.
Time to bail out.
I think it's time right now, not permanently just for today.
Here's George.
Hey, how you doing everybody?
I think that would be such a treat.
And presumably so for them.
The way they abuse people and use and abuse them, they discard you like an old,
used dish rack.
Like a used chunk of toilet paper.
I don't want to get too graphic sounding there.
Like they have probably stung a lot of people out there eating lunch still,
or maybe on the way to Red Lobster.
I know it sounds, it's something that if you told me I was ever going to come on here and say it.
Right.
You're nuts.
Crazy.
I'll still, I'm just going to...
You believe it when you taste it.
Right.
Well, I'm not going to.
You're not going to?
I'm not going to roll those dice out.
You're not going to roll them.
No, I don't want to.
You know we have so many seafood options down here.
I'm telling you, it wasn't good, it was great.
It was a, I've got a fistful of certificates to find wonderful restaurants right here,
like the way I want you.
I guess so, you have somebody you know going right there.
Maybe you remember how to do it.
Chris getting afforded.
No?
Hey, you know.
In other words, that's not one of your favorite places either.
I've just got to keep with that much so.
I think I'd all kind of have like lobster pizza, man.
They've got all kinds of good stuff in there.
That first word.
Oh, okay.
Oh, you don't like lobster?
No, I'm just not into seafood really.
Well, you should be right.
You don't like fish.
What about sheen?
Sheen.
Eh, I had something to do the night though, it was fine.
Sheen.
Why, I haven't heard from him in a while, you know what?
Good, lucky me.
Here comes the bunny.
And there's my money.
There's no rocket.
4.560 QAM.
Thanks.
Fourth leader.
The O.G.
Tom Cruise.
Did you read in the ingredients that Boor's Light is made from Rocky Mountain Springwater?
I read it, you know what?
It's exactly it.
Well, what would you say to someone who doesn't know where to buy Boor's Light?
You better know it.
You better know it.
And if you don't.
And if I don't know then what?
You know, go and learn it.
Hey Tom Cruise, we call it Six Pack and SP.
Have you ever seen one?
So, if you better miss me.
Wow, SP's like they'll just read about those in the history books, you know?
We think you should buy everyone in here at Cold Boor's Light.
Can you do that?
I do what I can.
And I do it.
The way I do it every day.
There's nothing hard to win.
It's just a foul.
Oh, it's just a foul.
Hey Tom, hey.
Oh, 30 at 5.60 W.
Can Mitt Romney's dropped out on the Republican side.
In case he didn't hear me tell you that the first 600 times.
Mitt Romney dropped out.
Spread the word.
Heo Collins in the New York Times this morning, Ted Kennedy and the Gap.
Oh, and I can imagine all the young voters going to vote for John McKaynor.
Yeah, he is death plus 10.
He's such a wonderful man.
He fought for his country.
Yeah, especially his torture man.
That's what he wants to do to all of us.
Yo Collins says great job voters.
Huge turnout.
Good vibes and everything's still up in the air.
We could be working on these presidential nominations for months.
Maybe all the way to the conventions.
It's the last of the opportunity to have a real serious discussion about the makeup of the credentials committee.
Really, it's been a surprise a minute.
In Massachusetts every Democratic alpha male in the state, including the governor and two US senators in North Barack Obama.
Democratic women then stand peded to the polls in the great show of enthusiasm for ignoring their advice.
Ted Kennedy was the particular sore point.
Some people looked at Kennedy's passing of the JFK torch and felt their spines tingle.
A lot of women saw him dumping his old ally Senator Hillary Rotten Clinton for the newer shinier male model of a presidential candidate and felt their spines stiffen.
I don't think I understand it myself, but I'm angry with him.
said Barbara Wilson, a retired teacher from Quincy Mass, pining on.
Yes, I definitely think it was the old boys club.
Senator Kennedy has been a champion of many issues that women care about.
But when he ran on successfully for present 1980, he was victim of a majorly gender gap.
This was an early example of the rule that women won't vote for men who yell.
Or for men who drown other women.
He drew out and screamed on the podium.
I think imagine your retired woman having your dinner from the TV in your nice quiet house.
And you see this out of control, red faced by yelling.
Maybe the gap has as much to do with that as champ aquatic, one of his former campaign people told me some years back.
We've had a gender gap in American politics since Ronald Reagan pushed the Republican party to the right, featuring in a supporting role John McCain is the foot soldier.
Women peeled off toward the Democrats while men went the other way.
I wonder what she means by that, men went the other way.
Gay.
If you look at issues, you can also see a larger pattern.
Women especially older women are often politically risk averse.
They worry about the social safety net.
They see themselves as economically vulnerable even when they're not, said Debbie Walsh, director of the Center for American Women in Politics at Rutgers.
As a group, women haven't been all enthusiastic about big, bold, new political ventures.
Their first concern tends to be having somebody sensible mind the store.
All other things being equal in all voices being modulated, when given the choice between a senator with long history of work,
not useful, but unglamorous children's programs, and a senator who's a relative newcomer, or they dramatic, but not totally to find vision for change, they'll go for the daycare.
Hillary would be winning the women's vote this year, even if she'd been a man, although that's a concept that rather not dwell on.
Meanwhile, the Republican leader, which she's trying to say to Hillary, has got a witness.
I'm sure she does.
Meanwhile, the Republican far right has fallen into a remarkable snit over John McCain's march to the nomination.
Rush Limbaugh is virtually annoying his own ankle in rage.
By co-authoring legislation with Democrats, Limbaugh ranted, McCain was working with threats to the American way of life as we've always known it.
James Dobson says he won't vote if McCain's nominee because of infractions ranging from failure to back a constitutional men and banning gay marriage to fall in obscene language.
And Coder claimed she'd support Clinton because she's more conservative than McCain is.
Once again, the reason for everything terrible about American politics for the last 20 years becomes clear, these people are nuts.
Oh yeah.
McCain for his part is a sort of, in a sort of good mood that people acquire when they're winning.
He even had nice words toothed in it from it Romney who didn't return the favor.
Instead, mid-treated and supportive, swaying any transformation, the candidate who slogan was Washington is broken, is now the man who can stop America's long term slide.
One, not anymore.
One way or another things are really falling apart in Romneyland, she said, and they did officially like in the last hour.
The Republicans are fighting about the issues in the strange paranoid sort of way.
The Democrats on the other hand are splitting into subsets.
On Tuesday, Clinton got the white woman in Hispanics, Obama got the African-American, she got the youth, and she got the old.
This has led to a lot of worrying about identity politics, we're finding it hard to adjust to the idea that we might actually be having a non-toxic election involving a black man against a black woman.
If either Obama or Clinton were a bad candidate, it would be irresponsible to vote him out to vote for him out of black pride or for out of sisterly solidarity.
Can I start that? There's a rough again, yes.
Read it slow, and then take your time, man. You work too much to less two weeks for these bastards.
If either Obama or Clinton were a bad candidate, it would be irresponsible to vote for him out of black pride or for her out of sisterly solidarity.
However, they're qualified and most Democrats like them both.
Since there's no real policy difference between them, it's not surprising a lot of voters went for demography.
No harm will be done as long as the candidates behave, he'll say.
Couple of cute lines in there, not too many, but...
So, Romney now, and of course, Limbal must... he's gonna be having a nervous breakdown, can you imagine?
Let's Chairman, and hear what Russia's screaming about. Maybe he's popping a few. She only popping and kills one.
Like crazy, like a lunatic.
No, I'll be... I'll be breathing on the phone.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
So, duchy, h зge is is g zem is good is good is kind of if that's love, it's with love and wise ash why of pass, but all fr cuc sudanna not separate from JUST
Bismi and 그러면 p.?"
Thank you Merry Christmas!
Maria zast not Poke last night, Patrol was on the panel, my crew at the libraryclass called Murugai and told me no today did you get this?
we decided on how to do my school online Within 4 or 5 weeks, by now we have aniest spot where you get caught and apply a fancy
six is Joe mentioned.
He's been more busy facing him.
Actually in 2000, George W. Bush was not the initial favorite of many of the more visible
conservatives.
Summit and Doris, distinct Forbes and Gary Bauer.
And in all of it, Luria, he said Gary Bauer.
See, I was just under verge of spitting out Hitler and he mentioned Gary Bauer.
I think if Hitler were to shave the mustache, he'd have been Gary Bauer.
Don't you think?
Oh, yeah.
He'd be taking off those platforms shoes he used to wear.
It's kind of hard to go step without the platform shoes, isn't it?
Not at all.
I'll give it a try.
Who stepped right over to Red Lobster?
Well, we're on a lock and they're two o'clock and I'm just wondering.
You think I think I'd try it again.
Just to make it hard, I think you should.
I'm telling you, man, it wasn't good.
I believe you.
Listen, you can't say-
Listen, I wouldn't even mention it.
Of course.
If it weren't spectacular.
I know that.
I mean, when you go into a place and you expect like maybe hopefully mediocre, you know?
And then you wind up with spectacularly, you think to yourself like-
Oh my god.
Yeah, exactly like that.
Holy crap.
Even just looking at the menu, I knew that there was some good stuff in there.
And then you look in around at the waiters and waitresses carrying the trays.
And it looks like real food on those trays for Christ's sakes.
And with good.
Good.
I'm just telling you.
Look, I believe you.
You wouldn't want to try to be bad.
I'm not on their payroll.
I'm not getting any extra scene.
I don't have anything like that.
I was feeding him in press.
Don't you go to eye-opsie if that's changed.
No, you hop over there.
I'll leave that one in your key.
We don't have that here.
Don't you?
I thought they were international.
They are not allowed to hop across the border.
International House of Flakes.
Yeah.
They do have some good, um, what do you call that stuff?
Serps.
Serps.
That's it.
That's what I'm talking about.
Serps.
The only problem is they don't have anything.
It would be good to go in there and like just pour the syrup on your hand.
Right.
And I like to lick it off the-
The, um, the wash.
We'll get a Belgian waffle while you're there.
That's what you got.
Is that good?
Yeah.
Because they're, you know, because they're firm.
I don't like Belgian waffles.
Well, I think it wasn't.
I do like Belgian waffles, but like ice cream, but, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um, um,
And there you go.
Fine.
Now you're talking about that.
I can't eat that.
See, I could go to my lobster and have the clan chowda and have, uh, like, um, chimp.
And maybe the mushroom stuff would last a bit.
That was just awesome.
Delicious.
Mush, mushroom stuff would lobster and melted cheese.
I don't know what kind of cheese it was.
Nor does it make any difference.
It was delicious.
It was good.
Mm, melt in your mouth.
I know.
I shouldn't be carrying on so much about food because I'm trying to stay alive.
Not friend too hard, but I'm doing the best I can, you know.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of stress.
A lot of issues.
Everyone, I always have to laugh when they say, oh, someone so has issues.
I'd like to meet somebody who doesn't have issues, wouldn't you?
No.
Have you-
Have you ever met anybody who doesn't have issues?
No.
I mean, if I found somebody who said, oh, I have any issues.
Yeah, run, run, they're lying.
I'm going away.
And I'd say, hey, you got any issues now?
What the fuck am I going to do now?
This is no logics.
Sport range of 5.60 QAM.
The Sport Leader.
Absolutely.
They're not straight, but holy the whole world.
You're fair with.
Oh, that's a bad Republican, more of this quiver.
Very many of them have the room to get.
What's the problem?
Don't you remember the Christian blood?
Did it feel like a problem?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's a dangerous thing.
They're going in for a même long hour.
Or A Child in Full意思.
They are really headache, aren't they?
Was it a pain, or was it?
Darn it, dang it, dang it.
What the fuck am I going to do now?
Yeah
For having too much fun with too much rolling
You're fairies
Here's how the grass can't be far behind us
Yeah
He does a good job all around the pound
A pound of ground and land
On the land, on the land, on the land
All the other
It's up there
It's up there
It's up there
It's up there
It's up there
It's up there
Back
Back
Over one
We are back
Back
Back
We are back
Can you say self-hating funny coin?
That's misphone
I wonder what he's doing these days
I wonder
Maybe comparing notes with your governor
With your governor
14.0205.60WQM
Now I'm starting to get some energy back now
That's almost time to get on here
Really?
Wonder why I got energy?
Because it's almost time to get out of here
Almost time for lunch
Oh yeah
We might just go back to the same place again
Just to see if it was an aberration
I think you should
It was great
I don't want to rave on about it forever
But it was
Pleasant surprise
Life is full of surprises
Most of them not really pleasant
This one was good
I'm not one of those people
It's crazy about surprises
You know
Anyway, in his speech in his swansong
In front of CPAC today in Washington DC
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney
Suspended his campaign
For the Republican presidential nomination
The headline on this
Romney will suspend campaign
So he doesn't aid a surrender to terror
Now that's going to be their line of Republicans
If the Democrat gets in
It's a surrender to terror
I say
If I fight on my campaign all the way to the convention
I would forced all the launch of a national campaign
And make it more likely that senator Clinton or Obama would win
And in this time of war
I simply cannot let my campaign be part of
Aiding a surrender to terror, he said
His statement said he can fight on the convention
Do loud cheers from the court conservative audience
Attending the annual conference
As Romney said, I feel now I have to stand aside for our party
Our country booze were audible among the crowd
Time magazine's Mark Helfern first reported Romney
Would announce the suspension of his campaign
The Atlantic month he's Mark and binder
Later reporting confirmed the news
And binder noted that by suspending his campaign
Rather than ending it outright
Governor Romney will retain his delegates
At the September Republican national convention in Minnesota
He's going to be a broker baby
He's going to be a power broker
Romney who failed to win many delegates in a
Super Tuesday contest
And announced that the time he intended to stay in the race
One thing is clear this campaign is going on
He told his supporters Tuesday
Surprise! See?
Another one of them surprises
However Romney gave the speech prior to disappointing returns in California
Where he and McCain have competed for the state's mother-load of delegates
Where? Where?
Yeah, he's dropping out so he doesn't eat a surrender to terror
That's going to be the Republican campaign on
What also are going to campaign on?
Great economy? Right
Low gas prices? Well they've got nothing but success stories in that department
Yeah
Tax cuts for the rich? What also they got to campaign on?
All those dead people in Iraq?
Surrender to terror? Wow!
The police sit there
Buried on page A17 of Wednesday's Washington Post yesterday
It's a bit of non-surprise
President George W. Bush has effectively killed a position monitoring complies with government efforts to release documents
It's not the first thing he killed out there that
Late last year Washington Watch Dogs went over a reluctant president
Bush who agreed to sign a law enforcing
Better compliance with the Freedom of Information Act
But in his budget request this week the Post-Elizabeth Williamson writes
Bush proposed shifting a newly created on-butt's been positioned from the
National Archive and Records Administration to the Department of Justice
Because the on-butt's been would be the chief monitor of compliance with the new law
That move is akin to killing the crucial critical function some members of Congress and Watch Dogs group say
Justice represents the agency when they're sued over FOIA
It doesn't make a lot of sense for them to be the mediators
So that's where for the National Security Archive Christen and Dereford the Post
The group is filed suit against the White House to force it to preserve emails relating to Iraq
And the outing of Valerie Plain
Also be monitoring the revelation with Senate Democratic Dutashear Achierman Pat Leahy
Once again the White House has shown the intended White contrary to the intent of Congress
He told Williamson in the statement
I'll continue to work through the appropriations process to make sure that the National Archives
and Records Administration has the necessary resources and funds to comply with the Open Government Act
And will continue to work in Congress to make necessary forms of the Freedom of Information Act
The White House said through a spokesman that only the Department of Justice says the government's lead on FOIA issues
In mediation and legal matters is properly situated and empowered to mediate issues between the requesters and the federal government
Rye! When in doubt keep the information out
Bastards
But that's what happens in a fashion state and of course the media is concerned about Brittany
And I do my Brittany story every day
I'm doing my duty don't you think?
You should. I should do my duty
And I do every day. Mom would be so me too
So she wouldn't be proud to be jealous
No! Stop out of good Connie!
You know what Connie is a Connie is an Enema
You're thinking of Connie in the God of God?
Oh geez! What?
Well there's a English word for everything. Why shouldn't there be a word for an Enema horse?
Oh no! But I know what it is now
Yeah you may be able to get away on the street
You don't stick it back to the moon don't you?
Fill it up with boiling hot water
Oh no no please!
No warm!
Boiling hot water!
Real cost acceptance you know like Drainow would be good
Can you imagine?
You want to really clean that coal on it
Drainow
Okay on that note
Yeah let's take a look at the poll again before we get out of here
Boys are we doing that time already? My God I'm just getting my second win
The jerkshower too then the mad dog
Well that's right the mad dog's not at the super bowl country what it says on a schedule
And the DE will be back 10 a midnight tonight
So he's pulling double duty again tomorrow is what you said Chris?
I guess so
I thought for one minute there I thought he said Joe was gonna be back tomorrow
Little dog
And then he said no I'll see you again tomorrow
After you mentioned 20 or 30 times see you tonight from 10 a midnight
I scored air D.A.
Promote yourself because they sure sell one for launcher
Or anybody else see don't take it personal
I always tell the new people on the block don't take it personal when they won't give you any promotion because they don't promote anybody it costs money
The best candy in the world is snicker is 1-11
21.2%
Down just a hair from the first time we did this poll a hundred years ago
Reasons 48 oh
Butterfinger 30
Trix 30 now can you compare those two butterfinger and twix?
I would not
Don't you find that an abomination in the N.E.R.
I like this just foreign but I mean to compare with a butterfinger that's amazing
Glass from us. I'll enjoy 28.3. Moscow tier is 24. Milky Way 22. Baby Route 21.
Always got to be one floating in a punchball man or in a pool
Heath bar 20 Kit Kat 17. M&M 16
$100,000 bar 16. Turtles 15. Mounds 14
Hershey's 14 and what you're called at bar 11. Chunky 10. Oh
Chunky 10. I gotta say to this
I gotta get older there's one thing I learned and you're what that is that's why more and more people love vanilla ice cream
Ben
Ben
No more rockets
Sport radio 5.60 QAM
The sports leader
It's day
Miami Town
The
Loonland 5.60
WQ
A.A.A.
It's been rough my internship that your ratings had died and now
Well I don't want to show you what a big ass and I was to your hand how
You're not even gonna find somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants
Are you neasy?
I ain't no chance I love to be coming back
How tight are you considering a look where it is that you're under it?
If you want to know what I'll save you from shutting that transmitter to the ground
Why that's easy
Sure
Oh, you need it small
Oh, you need it small
Oh, you need it small
Yeah
Oh, you need it small
Yeah, you need it small
But if you're a big ass
You need it small
But if you're a huge ass
Hey, they're my ratings that bottomed out in this tank
And I'm half
This radio has a rebalancing door this day and so the woods
And we did
Yeah
dollars section
and
Now I'm drinking.
Oh, you need to smell.
You can't feel the heat.
Oh, you need to show.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
By the way, something.
She ain't got to call me the divin'
in 16 minutes.
No!
What are you going to do?
Fire me, huh?
I got time.
I'm in the battle.
I'm in the battle.
I'm in the battle.
Oh!
Aw, look out, elegant, elegant, elegant, elegant, elegant, elegant, elegant, elegant, elegant.
And then, I'll give you some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice and loud.
All right.
Get me some wires and a battery pack.
Oh!
I don't care if they're from myAbs.
You can't use the torture because they're just playing their game.
In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who say
Oh right right right!
The biggest names of this talent
Out of the red
And your hope for Miami dolphins would fall
Sports radio 560 WQAM
Miami for La La del
Ah, cubes
