The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests, and collars and do not reflect those of the Beasley-Broadcast
But that was pretty abrupt there wasn't it?
The music is still low, it's just now it's
You're listening to sports radio 560 W. She's off the speed already bit
I am a Ford Lauderdale
What'd you call me?
Bottom Peter
My heart is TZ No. QAM, please dance
The Neil Rogers Show
To talk to Neil, dial 567-0560 in day and row
In other counties, call 123-877-785-Neil
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests, or his collars, do not represent those of WQAM management, staff, or sponsors
Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM
You get a lot of beat
Farts! The Neil Rogers on sports, old radio WQAM
Bottom Third Man
Look at who that is
Everybody look at who that is
No, no, no, look at who that is
That's the way the T-Rid
He's a racing wimp
Rates around him as hard as his
The race driver that never wins
That he wins as he wins
Now see how all you kids
They call me Mr. Rims
Oh, one day you will not win a race
They're my rocket, ADF
Oh, well, hey baby
You showed up, find today
Oh, Mr. Rims, did you win the race?
Oh, well, I came in and started this place
Well, you earned yourself some ribs on a plane
Well, get that, honnettin'
How's my date?
I'm on an angle today, that chance, not if you keep coming in last
Is that why you don't go out with me?
You ain't too slow, you can't compete
Where'd I maybe slow on the street?
But I show be fast on my feet
Oh, well, hey
Oh, well, hey
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Ciao!
They call him Mr. Rims
Prrrr
utenantO2 at 560 WQM
Happy Thursday, boy, it is flying on by
And pretty soon it's going to be
2009
Yep
Yes.
Yet?
Not yet.
We haven't fun yet.
I don't know about this pole, Fadson.
Fadson, still with us today, by the way.
I'm here in Vardy.
1100, we can change it.
I beg your pardon?
Sorry, I got 1100, we can change it.
That's what I was about to say.
I mean, the other ones up there ready to rock and roll.
Yep.
I do like this pole, though.
I guess that's because I came up with it.
You know who we left off of here?
Jerry Springer.
Okay.
Well, let's do a redo.
Do a makeover.
Do a makeover.
That was down 53 points.
Not too bad.
Considering unemployment is like 80 trillion people.
Nobody's got a job, everybody's got a work.
Got an email from Joe Bell yesterday.
I've known he said Bruce Beasley has left the building.
And I'm still here.
Better luck next time.
And I wrote back.
Ah, Shucks.
You didn't like that?
Yeah.
I've already heard that joke.
Yeah, I already told you that.
Once I'm not going to tell you anything before the show anymore.
Okay.
Just stuff we can't talk about.
It's like a has no impact because you've already.
You're right.
It's like hearing a joke that might have been really funny.
That's right.
Second time around.
Not so funny.
Third time around.
Not good.
We'll just talk about the stuff we can't talk about on the air.
Well, I'm like, yeah, it was borderline scratchy throat this morning.
I thought for about a half a second to send you a text.
I thought I was going to call in lazy today.
You're going to call in gay.
I was just going to call in gay.
You were going to call in don't want.
Yeah.
1121 votes on that pool.
That's not too shabby, Mr. Fat.
That was only down 38 notes.
I think we're going to have a big day.
Jesse McCartney gay is in my Google thing.
It looks like a little screamer.
He's pretty, but you know, don't get started on that again.
I didn't want to talk yesterday.
You'll alienate all those heterosexuals.
You heterophobic.
Yeah, that's right.
16.
I had never heard that before, by the way.
Heterophobic.
Heterophobic.
That's what Stan used to call up because the audience didn't like him as much as they liked me.
And he didn't get the response.
He would sit down at two o'clock thinking his phone was going to ring off the hook, which mine what at 10 o'clock.
Back in the I.N.Z days, 10 o'clock in the morning.
I would sit down on the phones and I'll be lit up.
And they actually had something to say.
They were like living and breathing people.
It was a miracle.
And then a two Stan would sit down and argue, heterophobes out there.
We're not getting Stan on the ear, by the way.
He never did reply to that.
Never responded and said, oh, it's your love to be on.
Get a free meal.
He probably could use a free meal.
How old is Stan now, 95?
There.
I, 95.
They named a highway after Stan.
I, 95.
1121 votes on the poll, but that's a pretty good number.
So this must have been a pretty okay poll, huh?
I read and say so myself.
Which of these people is most about hype and not about talent?
Paris Hilton, 497.
She crushed the competent.
Oh, and guess what was on again yesterday and I was forced to watch.
Oh, yeah.
You know, I enjoy spending time with Paco and we have a lot of fun and all that other.
But it's just, when he controls the TV set, that's when I want to jump out the window.
We already saw the same episode the night before.
Second shot of love with Tila Tequila.
Oh, my God.
Although this, yeah, I guess it was one with her first and then the one with the two, uh,
the two twin dykes sisters.
Okay.
Oh, my God.
The second shot of love.
Seriously, the fact that there are people actually watching that is, it's terrifying.
Terrifying.
This is the worst swill.
MTV, you know, I remember back when MTV first started and all the goody-two shoes.
Oh, it's disgusting and there's too much sex and nudity and whatever.
I don't remember any sex or nudity, but nevertheless.
And now they're right.
They happen to be right.
MTV is evil.
Not for because sex and nudity, but because of, I guess lack of sex and nudity.
Because of ugly people and stupid and siphon reality shows.
Whoever in the so-called reality genre needs to be taken out and shot.
It needs to be murdered.
Anyway, Paris, Sultan, wins 499 votes.
You have 44% of the votes.
Rush Limbaugh, 177.
Dr. Phil 153, a creation of Oprah.
Howard Spurm 98.
Oprah 85.
Hannah Montana 59.
J. Leno 30 and Madonna 25.
Well, she did well in this by not getting many votes.
Madonna.
Don't ask me why.
Maybe she just can't compete with the others.
No more.
We should have put Michael Jackson on there too.
But then that was in the past.
Right.
1126 votes.
You want to change it?
Tell me or what?
Sure, why not?
We, uh, we don't know.
What's your favorite thing to do while driving behind the wheel?
Got a good choice here.
Good to set a selection.
Dig one out of your nose.
Pop up in a cold one.
Pop up another cold one.
Now, see what?
Why do we have that on there?
Why, what did this, uh, Fred?
Hey, Fred, this is a good poll.
But why did you ruin it by putting that stupid.
Pop open another cold one on there?
How, how can you vote for that?
In other words, it negates the first one.
You see what I'm saying?
Right.
Well, what about your boogies?
What?
Put makeup on men or women.
Master bait.
Eat your boogies.
Text, text, chronic.
Phone chronic.
Pass them serious methane gas.
Find a self-help cure for your simility or smoke a fully blunt.
How about listen to music?
That's good.
Get that on there.
Listen to me.
I can vote for it.
Well, I'm going to put a dig one out of your nose.
I've always told you I like P.I.P. insurance.
Pick and pee.
Sure.
I don't like people looking in the window when I'm picking my nose.
Tend to win this.
There's one thing you audit.
That's right.
There's one thing you ought to be able to do in your car without anybody looking or giving a dirty look.
Pick your nose.
One thing I don't like is picking my nose on the plane.
But my nose almost always gets stuffed up on the plane.
Yeah.
And I try to make sure I'm waiting like on a flight to Europe or something.
You look around and you think, oh, everybody else is asleep.
Now I can pick my nose in peace.
I just dig, you know, clean that baby out.
Do you think that people with big, I guess, I don't know.
People with big noses have more snot than people without big noses?
I guess they got like a big boy nose with those varicose veins we were talking about yesterday.
You know, if it's big on the outside, it's also big on the inside, you know.
Town the snot.
I'll dry it up in there.
If there's a god, why did he invent snot?
Huh?
To mess with you.
It's always testing us.
He's always testing us.
Always doing these things.
Tubby sent me this this morning.
My boy, we're sure not going to get much today on those emails.
I'll tell you that.
Luckily, I've had a hundred people send me the same one about sugar.
Also, is there a way for us to get somebody to test out that little procedure we did?
If there's anybody that's got a Mac, send us a test email and see if it's going to come through like legibly as opposed to Chinese letters.
I'm assuming that's what that was all about.
I don't know.
We're just doing an experiment.
Yeah, we're doing an experiment on the earth.
If you got a Mac, send us a test email, needleitnearodges.com.
And if you have a Mac, well, I don't know.
What do you think of those?
Don't go into it because then they won't advertise anymore.
For animal rights activists sticking up for a freer feather critters is a way of life.
Now it can be a way of death too.
This is another one of those stories about.
Peta.
A New Mexico company is building all wood human coffins in partnership with people for the ethical treatment of animals.
Peta, they've been painted slogans such as lifetime Peta member or I say 500 animals.
Another serves up a last laugh that plays on a long running Peta ad told you I wouldn't be caught dead in fur.
Oh, thank God finally he changed the channel we watched the Simpsons.
Oh, God.
A second shot at low.
You're not going to get shot at low.
Seriously.
There is something very, very wrong with that garbage.
Yeah.
Shot at low.
They need a shot in the head is what they need on that show.
Stupid, stupid, stupid.
Oh, you're out, you're out.
It's an SNM thing.
It's a satism thing.
Watch another people be disgraced and humiliated and eliminated and rubbed out.
The coffins which went on sale last week are priced from 620 to 670 bucks, which includes a $75 Peta contribution.
I wouldn't give them 75 cent.
Made of wood, they're designed to be earth friendly with no scrolls, nails, hinges or animal-based glues.
They were assembled by Diana Genthir, 44, former construction worker from Bellingham, Washington,
who operates a company called the Old Pine Box and rural Edgewood about 30 miles east of Albert Turkey.
She began hand crafting coffins from Pine Seater, made from other words in 2004.
Why did you send me this?
Because I thought it was really funny that others now Peta boxes.
Hmm.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I find it really a little underpoundless.
But you know, when you don't have very much coming in, boy, it's going to be grim today.
You're going to play that whole ACN library today, I think.
Or we'll just play the recording, the audio from Teela Tequila, the ocean second-shot in love.
You got a shot in love.
Oh, my God.
It's just there are no words to describe how revolted I am by what they're putting on.
Not to mention all the other ones we talked about, the Lehal Kogan and Jean Simmons, reality TV My Ass.
They don't fart without it being scripted on the show.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, there's no Rogers.
And I wonder if they do come to get to hear it?
Make fourth link.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, BVD Broadcast Group Inc.
The U.
Yeah!
Legend says that no Stradamus could see the future.
The Earth out of the Mona Geopatra, the new world shall suffer the great quake.
No Stradamus, he could tell the future.
Hollywood death, terrible destruction, where before the air.
Now you can put that extraordinary insight to work for you, introducing Nostra System.
The first diet plan based entirely on the predictions of Nostradamus.
A woman named Sophie, where consumer huge keg of chocolate causing her moon to grow lag and her size to thunder.
Finally, no more guesswork as Nostra System predicts the real shape of things to come.
He's a pig named Lenny, where low so much water he creates a chiller tidal wave in the Midwestern plains.
Don't wait to find out your weight in the diet plan of the future. No Stradamus.
I predict you will waste great sums of money on a worthless scam.
He has seen the future.
Oh yeah, it's 1018. Well, listen, they were all that good.
Yeah.
Well, the old ACNs, that's a disnumber too that you had me a yank out yesterday.
That's a good disc.
It is a good disc. I've got a good crap on it.
In fact, let me queue up another one. There's one.
Jim says Jim and Miami-Souris who selfish and just idiotic.
Give us a market update, including oil future prices. It'll help kill time.
No, I'm not here to kill time, okay? Jim.
And I'm not here to take directives from you as to what to talk about on a year.
Schmuck, that was down 40 points.
And as far as oil futures, go buy some. Go boil and oil, Jim.
I didn't get a couple of people who would test it out their Mac and they came through okay.
So if that was the problem before, I think George Solved it. Let's hear it for George.
I'm not counting it out yet.
Maybe that same person like whoever it was, although how will they know that it's them?
How will we know that what's them?
Whoever sent you the email that you couldn't read before?
No, there wasn't one. There was like a whole bunch of them.
I...
Oh God, the stuff that's coming in. You're out of material folks. Take a nice rest.
41 votes. We need to add on there. Listen to talk radio.
Well, listen to music. I don't know.
Listen to radio on a pole.
Okay.
What's your favorite thing to do behind the steering wheel while driving?
Listen to music 15. Pass some serious methane gas eight.
Dig a big one out of your nose.
8. Pop open a cold one. 5. Spoke a filly blunt two.
Find a self-help cure for your sonility to masturbate one.
None yet for phone chronic, text chronic.
Eat your boogers or put makeup on a minute woman.
Oh, and Eric took off that...
Pop open another cold one. What a stupid, stupid thing, Fred.
Thanks for the good pole, Fred, but that's stupid.
Almost as stupid as...
A second shot of love. You've got to shot of love.
Oh, and you know something in the behavior of the people on that show.
I'm an old, funny, dirty, but not that older, that, that, funny, dirty.
But I mean, that show is about as much fun as impaling your eyeball with a pen.
God, acting like a bunch of idiots.
And it also so contrived.
You know, every, every facial expression, every tear, every...
Oh, God.
MTV, Ancien, and both get them off.
Take them off the air now.
They're both evil.
Now, here's a really brilliant observation with a shot at you.
Now that I just gave you credit for getting the things straight now.
They're on the Mac. The Mac attack.
Yeah.
Neil, why don't you do like Ricky Martin and Clay Aiken didn't use the surrogate mother?
You're already raising a child anyway.
And this way, you would at least have your own flesh and blood to leave your money to.
Of course, all the blood sucking parasites in your life, like George would protest.
You could then have her and Andy to raise the child.
Usually they work free for just room and board.
I don't want no, Nanny. I don't want no little baby, okay?
And like it says, I'm already raising a child.
So what the hell?
What's, what, you know, like I need more expense?
Oh, brother.
Ricky Martin and Suce Babies.
It's got a picture here.
Hey, Ricky.
You better...
What the hell are you kidding?
Screamer.
Flamer.
Flaming.
I mean, you know, if you're flaming queen, fine.
There's no problem with that.
Just say you're flaming queen.
Stop pretending to be like Mr. Macho, you know.
God.
Oh, here's one from the fake clearance.
Oh, before that, here's one from the fake Josh Corpus.
So you give him his check, by the way?
No.
No?
No.
Why not?
I would have to see him in order to do that.
You know, this is what really, really frost my old fat nasty ass.
Here's a guy that I was only down 15 point now.
Here's a guy that winds me.
I need money.
Yeah.
I've time for you to send me a check.
And I put it in the same envelope with the one I was sending you for your birthday, so that he'd have it right away.
And I wouldn't forget about it.
Not that he deserves it, because he's a real slacker.
And the check rhymes yesterday.
We talk about it on the air.
You've got it right there in your hand in the check, too.
And he doesn't even bother to come over and get it.
Yeah.
So what was the emergency?
What was the emergency, Cordis?
He was over in the other building yesterday.
And he can't come over there today.
I don't know.
And you don't think that like on his lunch hour or something like that, he could have had like 10 minutes to come over there.
I have no idea the kind of stuff they have him doing.
That was down five point.
I was going to be in positive territory soon.
He says here the fake Josh, Cordis, Neil, I already spent all I checked you sent last week.
Can you send me another one for the weekend hugs and kisses Josh from the fake Josh Cordis?
Isn't that cute?
I'm sure I'll see him today.
Why is that?
If he doesn't come and pick up that check today, that's the last minute I'm not forging him.
I'm telling you, I'm going to George it.
And for now, it's up seven and a half points.
All right.
Let's have a party in our pants.
Come on.
Let's pull a machine's out of our pants like Mo used to do.
He had machines on his rectum.
Anyway, the fake clearance says seeing as though you didn't like my idea yesterday of having the beast on your show, I have another fabulous idea.
This idea sure to produce great ratings.
We would like to reduce your show by two hours and replace it with a Drew Rosenhaus show.
Drew would draw huge numbers by talking about his clients such as Plexiglass Burris.
The beast will produce a show and Mr. Fat can run the board.
Of course, we'll be paying you far less, but we're sure you won't mind because you're a team player.
Thanks, the fake clearance.
And Adam over there in life, a lifeless Adam who's fat and ugly.
I have no idea.
I'll go away.
He looks like Barry Jackass on a bad day.
And like we were discussing, when people are ugly, why do they send you their pictures?
So you can tell them how ugly they are.
They already did.
Maybe they don't know.
Let me ask you this.
Do ugly people know that they're ugly?
I mean, I do.
Right. Some do.
Some of us do.
Yeah.
What about you, Fatso?
Yeah.
We're ugly.
And we don't lie about it.
But these ugly people think, oh, I'm a hot.
I'm a hot.
Maybe you're hot.
Call a doctor.
Maybe you got a fever.
Okay.
Maybe you got some kind of a disease.
I'm hot.
Hot my ass.
God.
Anyway, so Adam says, Neil, you queen.
What are you doing coming into work today?
Where's your sense of queenhood?
You're supposed to take National Gay Day off.
Well, guess what?
That was yesterday.
Calling in gay was yesterday.
Adam, you better know your...
Hey.
Crap, because you sure don't.
Hey, Adam.
You fairy.
Anyway, he just wants me to talk about him.
I mean, why do I want some attention from something alive?
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Something living and breathing, which in my case, ain't much, but...
All these desperate lifeless people looking for attention.
Neil at NearRoges.com, and boy, it's going to be really, really slow.
Here's one that says, I've had a Mac for four years and love it.
Mac's never freeze.
They don't get viruses.
Never need to restart it.
In fact, when I leave the house, I sleep...
I sleep the computer when I return.
It's right where I left it.
No matter how many windows are open, how many applications I have running.
I email quite a bit.
I've never had any complaints from any recipients.
The only problem is some programs are not compatible.
Also, I watched train spotting last night, IFC.
Now I know what you mean about the toilet scene, seeing gross,
but all of course, an okay movie.
I can't get past the aircraft scene.
Jim and Cooper City, thanks, Jim.
And he sent this message from his Mac obviously.
And it came through just fine.
So George fixed the thing, even though George,
what was the expression about you being a blood sucker?
Oh, the blood sucker, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, George would be very upset if I keep changing my will.
What, sorry.
I need a lot more people out there to tell me who to leave my money to.
All these other people.
Oh, do this and talk about that complaints and...
What's the other one?
Critiques.
Critiques, complaints and of course, suggestion.
Mm-hmm.
What to talk about?
Don't talk about that.
Whatever you're planning on talking about.
Oh, don't talk about that.
How about a second chance it'll love?
I want to pick its name.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
The best town.
Forest Campbell's soup.
Hmm.
Lane, nothing like a hot bowl of soup.
You put that.
You know we take me back to a time when my man had done it all.
Whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
We're lily lily like that no more.
With all the new flavors from Campbell's soup.
Like chicken boots stew.
With chunky rat balls and motor melon bits.
And my favorite creme au boule.
How clipped with teagol poop to make it juicy.
Oh and your wonder is in a ludge and samos no mo.
Oh, cold scabble soup be good.
Mmm.
Good.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Mmm.
Boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop boop.
Oh, haven't played that in a long time.
No.
Well, why not?
I don't know.
1031 at 560 WQA.
I'm out 10 of these e-mails are really slow today.
And you're knocking the chronics.
You have fake this one and fake that one.
If we don't get to fake this one and fake that one go today.
We're going to be in real big trouble.
Because we've got three hours and twenty-nine minutes to kill.
Kill some good time.
Read the stock, yeah.
What a schmuck.
That was up 2.31.
one. See there I just gave him the number. See there's nothing wrong you know
those shots those shows I'm talking about on MTV if they put hot people on
there that was originally the idea right they just had them walking around you
know that was the idea with all of those shows that they had on there was just
about that's right just hot people scatty clad as little as the clothing is
they can get away with on TV but no they bring on really ugly people and can't
understand why this one's getting kicked off and that one's getting eliminated
I mean come on bringing this gross guy on there with tattoos not just all over
his body but even on his neck and she's saying oh I just don't go for the tattoo
thing you know and I look like it's a big surprise he missed his shot at love
you're gone you don't get another shot at love oh it's just seriously it's
just it makes your brain hurt it makes your innards hurt
89 votes on a poll what's your favorite thing to do behind the wheel wide
driving let's see how many oh here's one Barry Maccocton's back with a poll
edition picking a winner from your nose at a stoplight while intensely
staring at the driver in the car next to you the reactions are classic oh yeah
well whatever that's the kind of stuff we're getting today very slim they're
busy now you know it's the 11th of December they got to go out there and get
their Hanukkah gifts and their Christmas gifts and the shop and look for a job
goes to rob a bank 89 votes listen to music 20 listen to radio 15 pass some
serious methane gas 15 dig one out of your nose 14 pop open a cold 111
master rate five smoke a filly blunt four find a self-help cure for your
single D3 text a chronic one eat your boogie's one phone a chronic none and
put makeup on men or women none yet how about I well I'm not gonna put it on
the poll but just these people are combed their hair brush their hair while they're
driving yeah and they're looking in the mirror they're not looking in the
rearview mirror to see the traffic they're looking at themselves I like to squeeze
zits well and drive and and plucking my eyebrows and masturbating and picking my
nose no excellent and chewing of course oh yeah speaking of that I wonder if
there's any I guess there's no carbs and snot that's one good thing about how do
you know all come on where would that come from oh what's it made out of sugar and
spice and everything I see oh to the salty well speaking of that so a hundred
people have emailed me this science is verifying what many overeaters have
suspected for a long time sugar can be addictive I've been telling you this
for years it's not an excuse which George says yeah he's comparing it with
well you know people don't have to do cry it's a joke but people have to
eat they don't have to eat drugs but they don't have to eat so and has to do
with eating you selecting those foods that you're addicted to don't have to buy ice
cream what you don't have to buy ice cream but I do I know you go to the store
there's rat poison there's sterno there's ice cream you don't have to buy any of that
buy and believe me it's a lot more pleasant to die by ice cream than by rat
poison you eat the rat poison I'll eat the ice cream don't thank you hot shot in
fact it says the sweet there seems to prompt the same chemical changes in the
brain seen in people who abuse drugs such as cocaine and heroin yeah yeah
yeah told you told you told you the findings would be presented yesterday at
the American College of Neurosyco Neurosyco Pharmacology's annual meeting in
Nashville that was got 142 letters in it our evidence from an animal model
suggests that bingey on sugar connected the brain and ways very similar to
drugs of abuse lead researcher Bart Hobel a professor of psychology at
Princeton said during a teleconference December the 4th drinking large amounts of
sugar water when hungry can cause behavioral changes even neurochemical
changes in the brain which resemble changes that are produced when animals or
people take substances of abuse drugs what I tell you that's the strongest
drug go in his sugar these animal show signs of withdrawal even long lasting
effects that might resemble craving he said well I'm craving it when I was watching
that flipper movie yesterday I was clear and it was really sweet I'll say that
sweet you're raving it now was raving and craving and I don't feel guilty about
it either okay he's 61 years old now Luke help and he's probably almost as
ugly as I am can you even imagine like all these other people we see like
Tony Dow you know and of course some of the other ones we see later on in
life a rare bird ward and they're all like that proves there's no God why do
attractive people have to get like so far faced and all falling apart and this
can bother me just because they get old huh well because they're huh there's
some women it still look good no matter how old they get yeah Barbara Eden
still alive yeah that still looks good Barbara's eating Dr. Lewis Aronny director
comprehensive weight control program at New York Presbyterian Hospital
Yadi Yadi added the big question's been whether it's just a behavioral
figure what's a metabolic chemical thing and evidence like this supports the
the notion that something chemical is going on something's going on Marvin Gaye
wants to know what's going on too bad about Marvin and his daddy you know was
his daddy or his uncle I guess his daddy his daddy his daddy a sugar
addiction may even act as a gateway to later abuse of drugs such as booze
hobel said not for me I'm not a booze guy Josh Cortes there's a real booze
guy Paco there's a booze kid brother is that a Mexican thing I keep asking
to that it is go ask a Mexican ask Tila tequila yeah hey Tila gotta have some
tequila bitch it's a second shot in love yeah seriously somebody has to
strap you into chair and force you to watch one episode of that you watch
you'll have three seconds of it she didn't impress me on the show didn't impress me
onward and upward back it is the most sick and swill I hate to keep going on and
on about it if we're up to me I wouldn't watch it it's it's it's it's what's the
other TV award the Emmys yeah it would win an Emmy compared to those housewives
of fill in the blank I haven't seen it oh god for the new research ratcheword
denied food for 12 hours a day then we're given access to food and sugar for
12 hours a day for the next four weeks for three to four weeks the binging
released a surge of the neurotransmitter dopamine time in part of the brain
involved the in reward the nucleus acumen bends at Cumbins it's been
though the drugs of abuse released increased levels of dopamine in that part
of the brain but it was only sugar that caused this effect it wasn't it was
the sugar combined with the alternating schedule of deprivation in large
guests after three weeks the ranch odesons of withdrawal so we're losy with
people stop smoking or drinking booze or using more fiend that's what we need to
do is have some more fiend how about some opium for lunch instead of ice cream
huh sounds great go get some old but me at Belly and Eddie Eddie call me Eddie he was
so good in that what else's name oh Martin Landau was it Martin
balsam no Martin balsam was in the psycho Martin Landau Martin Landau I had
that was half right all right Martin balsam is the one who went down the stairs
tumbling down the stairs he was the technique in psycho remember that that's
right and mama came out and knocked oh man leads to death from picking his nose
too much oh yeah oh this is a great story coming soon was he driving while he
was the fourth leader so big a little bit talent is the D.A. Joe wing night
green to 11 here on four three or five sixty two and the sports I Luis Miguel play it baby
gee what do you want for Christmas Lucy I want a new flatlinus I want a new blanket
what do you want James Brown
the peanut scan is back in an all-new holiday special it's very Christmas
look there's my mom she's gonna drive us to the Christmas play
you just shot out the tires James Brown oh yeah I'm sorry by then I apologize you know I
have a lot of stradling you know behind that event my wild good measure round my head you know what I
said you know it's a big test decision I got I'm on medication and need a one-night
you know living in a mess it doesn't matter this all of a season the godfather of
so all is working for peanuts it's a very Christmas James Brown tonight on CBS
see there's some good crap on results AC and this I'm playing it all between now and the end of
the year between now my vacation you know you really you pulled a fast one taking that Christmas
week off again I do it every year I know I do you do it every year because I let you do it every
year because I take some other week I could take that week off also yeah I used to do but no
being knowing that you were a professional goi right or at least pretend to be one and I don't
really care about Christmas or Chanooka or any of that crap or even you go at that with that's right
you gotta take care of the family yes I gotta take care of Paco's family they're all gonna be here soon
oh boy oh yeah are you going to roast like that? I'm gonna roast them is what I'm gonna do
be the best thing ever happened for me and him oh this is cute what was the last thing Marvin
Gays father said to him son this is the last 45 you'll ever hear
cute I think that the world changed when we stopped all of us used to have those little 45
players you know the spindle yep the automatic changers and we you'd you'd pile up your discs
on there yep and they would like a plop down and like like having your own jukebox you know right
and once they stopped doing that once we started with the CDs and now with all this other technology
it's just I don't know it's just not the same it was great when you'd scratch up the records you know
yeah that sounded really good and they would skip and you'd have to go uh that's right
diddle it and it would like in the godfather remember that scene the record is sticking
because they're having a Christmas party and then I pay an attention and Michael walks into the
hospital and that that that that it stuck on like you know have yourself and you didn't notice that
that's record is stuck yes and then Michael walks into the room and pop is all alone
and it really one of the scariest moments in the movie is when the nurse walks in all of a sudden
she comes out of nowhere and the picture what are you doing you know like oh scary and then Anzo the
Baker for your father for your father he shows up he looks really dangerous looks like a real fruit
of course he makes wedding cakes what do you expect go away we're kind of a macho guy
bakes wedding cakes I'm sorry about that any of you macho guys who make wedding cakes out there
it's sorry we apologize not Anzo the Baker for your father for your father
and remember after he elites the cigarette after the oh yeah after the equal doers the other
evil doers drive away right and he's shaking so hard and Michael has to take the lighter
and light is faggot this is this is a very very good email subject teela tequila I don't know if
it's good or not because I don't know about Lucy Lopez they just want to bust your balls that's
oh no anything I like anything you like you know it's that's right watching her is the TV
equivalent of listening to Lucy Lopez it says watching teela tequila the second chance is yeah
how you lose you're out you lost you're ugly of course she's ugly too so how do you like that a
shout out Lucy Lopez I never heard her I don't know anything about what her stick is or what I
know Chris has always said that when she's on it's just a tremendous tune out he says
and that's why she got upset with him I think what nothing well he why won't you speak up
to me come on because it's all the past brother well sister it doesn't matter what you say
yeah I know the thought I'm not saying anything the less said the better that's an old expression
the less said the better the civil duty board is back again remember S Quinn sure Mr. Rogers our
last meeting was not productive at all he did debate followed by two members walking out I can see
that QAM will take most of our time and effort I thought by now we could have found an area
to advise you on but there is so much to go over your show is not the only problem bigo beast
those guests in the morning we'll have a special meeting during your show Friday December 12 maybe
listening live will help us sincerely Miami Civil Duty Board as Quinn the non-group they're having
meetings to decide what to do here now here's that story from the London Daily Mail I didn't make
a request here this is the Brits man this is the Brits just like the queen who had her finger in her
nose at that tennis tournament at Wimbledon and the bug Collins said nice forehand that was one of the
great moments in TV history it was no another shot it love
seriously I want to take like a two by four I want to take a brick and just heave it through the TV
said when he turns that crap on and we did we just saw the same two episodes and I'd be four he
thinks it's funny I see plus he thinks there might be some hot guy who materialized out of out of nowhere
which is they can happen yeah turn on the bag channel turn on out TV something like that you got a
better chance you got a better shot it love a man died because he picked his nose so much he
bled to death and inquest heard Manchester corner Nigel Meadows oh so British Nigel
Russell bathbone and Nigel Bruce who played Dr. Watson remember Nigel Bruce yes big
frontly bumbly the one the one episode I liked the best was where they were the guy was doing the
hypnosis the evil door he was hypnotizing people stuff like that remember which one that was
I've seen him all a million times Sherlock Holmes in the how do the bastard bills was pretty good
I wonder if Daniel Abastard was in that Manchester corner Nigel Meadows said about the death of 63
year old Ian Bothwell there's no explanation for this death other than he died from a nose bleed
consistent with picking his nose he did not think for a moment he knew what he was doing was going
to cause his death well usually when you pick your nose you're not think oh I'm I'm going to
I'm dying on the afterward he recorded a verdict of misadventure a verdict of misadventure
oh the brits you silly ass brits good god a pathologist concluded that Mr. Bothwell who
suffered from dementia brought on by alcoholism had picked his nose so much it cost him to bleed to
death he suffered from dementia brought on by alcoholism typical Brit just like the queen mum
could you bring this old queen could you queens down there bring this old queen another drink
a real lush she lived a long time too she was 90 something and what about wine style
Churchill he used to drink like a a gallon a day of some kind of cheap booze and smoke those big
stogies are not unlike stand major wouldn't be surprised surprising and all I've turned out that
wine style Churchill is related to stand major I remember on the 64 thousand dollar question with
Helmarch his son Winston Churchill son came on and he missed the first or second question well
kind of like that um puffy and regis you know about 30 man about 30 his body was found by
Janet words manager the world court block of flats and lady barn diddsbury mansion to diddsbury
I wonder if they diddle in diddsbury where Mr. Bothwell lived alone on September 5 Mr.
Edwards told the inquest I thought he must have fallen out of bed and he said but it was obvious
he was almost certainly dead what does that mean oh there's Laura Bush again or social secretary oh
my gosh he is such a yehu that'd be a good full question who is the biggest yehu first lady
Rosalind Carter lady bird Johnson or Laura Bush doctor Amir Benbaugh the consultant
carried out the postman on her exam at Manchester Royal and firmry said he could find no evidence
that a bang to Mr. Bothwell's head of contributed to his death the only place he found any
contributory evidence was inside Mr. Bothwell's nasal cavity which was full of blood
those bloody brits there you go again those brits really blue but I guess he didn't blow enough
Dr. Benbaugh told the inquest the nasal cavity was filled with blood my conclusion is that the
no the most likely cause it is epistaxis the technical term for a nose bleed
did you know there was a technical term for a nose bleed I know there's a technical term for
everything but I didn't know that that's what that was epistaxis epis yeah the most common
cause of epistaxis is picking the nose I believe it's likely to be what happened Mr. Bothwell
had been a fit young man till he suffered a brain hemorrhage when he was 20 he was unable to work
and quickly descended into alcoholism his relative was a sister living in cornwall and he saw her
only 30 years ago at her mother's funeral in 1986 sounds like 22 years ago but nevertheless
oh I see once in 30 years he's seen her at mom's funeral well you didn't even go to your mother's
funeral you heartless bastard yeah too bad see once you're dead it doesn't really make any
difference it's just an empty gesture be nice to people while they're alive don't try to put on a
dog and pony show once they're in a box you know unless it's an heat box I was just going to say
you beat me to it sorry very good George is sharp today look out for him even though he's a relentless
what are you I'm a blood sucker blood sucker
sexting from your cell phone is a hot new flirting trends study shows what
our cell phones taking risque photos of themselves is turning into a full on epidemic sweet
researchers from teenage research unlimited and finally put some hard numbers to the anecdotes
about teens getting themselves in trouble with revealing photos according to the study commissioned
by the national campaign of a teen and unplanned pregnancy and cosmogirl.com 22 percent teenage
girls 18 percent of boys have taken nude or semi nude photos of themselves and sent them
to someone or posted them online and a third of young adults 20 to 26 have done the same 20 to 26
sounds just fine young adults and teens view sending these photos and suggestive text messages
as simply digital flirting 39 percent of teens 59 percent of those young adults say they've
sent naughty texts a means of flirting naughty texts what the hell's a naughty text now I'll
send you one is it body no don't send me some guy send me a picture some some dude laying
not a bad looking guy naked on the floor and says it's him you know anybody can pull any picture
you want off the internet and what do I care if it was you anyway what do I care
Jesus God Almighty if it was Joe Jonas in a turgid position stark naked then I might be interested
in that although he's scrawny I see I don't know I don't want to go back into that again they'll
get all upset they get very upset like yesterday would look helping look help earn I'm not really
sure if he was Jewish or not but there would be one way to find out ask maybe he was like a terrorist
you think the terrorists are circumuspect you know they are good morning the old God says Daniel
I like hearing some of the old bits you haven't played in a while I do enjoy them as many I really
have not heard before or in a very long time I'm not sure if it's an ACN bit but there was a bit
I enjoyed called I believe in forgive me if I don't know the exact name nine Corona's
I like this bit and I'm a fan of the NAC my Sherona as the song I think a Joe Caroyo is to that
song yeah I've never heard of the nine Corona's nope what is what is this man talking about
Joe and Vosho Joe Bowen and then is always Joe Carreo
Carreo
like that whatever happened with that whole thing he threw that tea canister at the wife and
had an nasty divorce and that was it the tea box I like this bit but also a fan of the
my Sherona's I like the song with the drums bass guitar riff I greatly appreciate if you
playing this while I'm working on a presentation thank you so very much for taking the time
taking the plane if you choose we don't know what it is nine Corona's but we got that one
1057 it's Thursday that means in just an hour we're going to be doing our two for one deal
these are two new why no I'm just celebrating I'm very excited about it about what
the meal deal oh that's right rain is coming in right that's why you're excited don't
starting anew today you can buy $50 certificates for $25 bucks to Dan Marino's restaurant south
Mime's home a first class dining entertainment inventive recipes a cosmopolitan day core season
staff and full-time chef ensure that an afternoon evening at Dan Marino's will be a memorable one
like Dan himself Dan Marino's is dedicated giving their guest a legendary experience during football
games Marino's has got great beer special just three buck draft imports if you're looking for a
place for your holiday party larger small Dan Marino's going to accommodate your group give him a
call at 305 665 1315 located at the shops of sunset in south Mime's Dan Marino's restaurant
co to wqm.com at noon today to buy $50 certificates and have price just 25 bucks
the biggest name the best talent you're listening to sports radio 560 WQA
Miami for the other day this is the Neal Rancher show this is your brain you you you you you you
any questions
I love it all three at five sixty WQM. We don't hear about him no more. Thank God or Xavier
Suarez in his bathroom under my knocking on doors, drumming up votes at three a.m.
Is that what you said?
Some of these guys are what about Rull Martinez? Who wound up winning those damn elections
in here?
I don't know.
I don't want to talk to you.
Well, you're out of touch and you're good. I don't want to be in touch. I don't want
nothing to do with any of those people. The DS Barth Brothers. Now, can I smell the
DS Barth Brothers or the Jonas Brothers? Good question.
They are strange. No, the word I told you before the show today. The one word I have for
the Jonas Brothers is disturbing. I'm not sure I understand that.
Kind of like Hanson. No, they're like strange. There's something just weird about them. Weird,
strange. But nevertheless, the Joker come over and hang it out with me anytime he
wants. I'd feed him a few meals, put some meat on his bones. Boy, those kids are scrawny.
Although scrawny, in their cases, extraordinarily negative. But in Luke Halpens case, scrawny
was okay. I guess I need other bones.
Yeah. Another Marvin Gage joke, Rest in Peace, it says. And by the way, grubber talks
us your blocks. So quit trying to send me emails. Your block. I don't open them. I don't
read them. I just delete them. They go immediately into deleted. See, some of you people, I guess
you don't get the message just like the Ranger guy. Rangers, Rangers, go to hell. Go
to hell, you furry. Rangers won a game. Every time the Rangers won a game, he thinks I want
to have an email and hear a song to dance from him and tell me what a fag I am. Who cares?
Go back to New York. Okay. Quit just being a professional mouth content. Go back to New
York and your emails are blocked and it did. Okay. See, like I told you, they go right into
the deleted and then I take a look at the deleted to see which ones of these idiots are continuing
to send crap and then I just bitch them out and I delete them again and then they vanish
into the air. Never to be seen again. They vanish. Oh, but you're blocking so many people.
Yeah, that's right. Cause there's so many a holes out there. That's right. Who just
want to use the email thing as a tool to abuse? That's all abuse the hosts abuse me abused.
George even abuse fatso over there who's losing part of his job pretty soon. We think.
Now didn't Bruce recently stop and yesterday give you a pat on the head and say, no, no,
no. Did you see him? I didn't see him. He didn't stop by and hang out with you guys and
say how's everything on the show and his joy, screwing it up sufficiently to get us down
to a one share. But what they is the, is it a week from tomorrow? The trend? Yes. Yeah,
the 19th, two thirds of the fall book. Oh boy. And this is the dolphins having the seven
and five season. So far, where's it? Eight and five. Eight and five. That's right. Eight
and five. Holy cow. That's seven more games in one all last season. Eight and five.
Of course, a good one. A bait and eight. You never know. I don't think so. They got such
a pansy schedule. My God. They do. Why bait and eight that still play a tough team like
the Patriots are playing this weekend like Oakland. Well, that's right. They didn't. They
damn near lost the game. Yep. What was the last song Marvin gave heard? I heard through
the car. Oh, that's bad. And also this. It says on today's poll since masterbate is
on list. How about receive oral pleasure? Says Gary at homestead. Oh, you know who
we never heard from again. Thank God. And I also blocked him. And that's that pain in
the ass in New Orleans. A goal of what was his name? Gary Goldfarb. A gold, the witch or
whatever the hell his name was. Don't you remember the one who's always belly? You can
it. Eric about all the archives. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Well, you haven't heard from them
because the archives haven't been screwed up. That's right. Because everything is working
just fine now. So there's nothing to bitch and complain about. Where? Where? God. Wining
and complaining. There's those people out there called me a whiners. I'm not even in
the same category. Jimmy Cifalidic. He was a whiner until his wine business went bust.
His whole family had that long legacy in the wine business and he opened up a wine
arena went bust. Maybe Henry Barrow would make up all the profit. Oh, I think. Could they
think he's still as big as a house? How the hell is he? Yes. They a lot. I don't know.
We need a spy report about Henry Barrow. Is he still over 400 pounds? When he came into
the studio that day at QAM. Oh my God. This is a guy we last saw who was like maybe a little
on the chubby side. You know, maybe like 15, 20 pounds overweight. Maybe, right? And all
of a sudden he ballooned up like somebody stuck a bicycle bump up his ass and just stepped
with a pedal to the middle. Can you imagine when he farts? Oh, like a hundred pounds of
helium. It just didn't release that much. A joy should really be grossed out by that.
What's the Obama scene? And by and watch this industry collapse doing so would lead to a
devastating ripple effect throughout our economy. As I have said repeatedly, I believe our
government should provide short-term assistance to the auto industry to avoid a collapse while
holding the company's accountable and protecting taxpayer interest. They better not start
stop making corvettes. I'll tell you that. How long do you think that one of mine's going to
let's only got like 75 hundred miles on it? It could last forever if you take care of it.
If I take care of it? Yes. Now do you think that driving in the winter here? Because that car
is a Florida car, you know? What? Do I think I'd be able to ask the question yet? Yes, what? Yes.
I need to get like a special service on it now like change the oil and stuff.
That's always a good idea but since they salt the roads I'm sure up there they do.
Probably go with the seal cover. Whatever they call it. I'm not driving any bad days.
Okay. I mean snow when ice days black ice stuff like that. See I'm equal opportunity icehater.
I don't like white ice. I don't hate black ice. Oh, a phone's ringing. I'll be back.
Oh.
I'm busy today.
Got my nails on. Look at that. Yeah, we were hanging on. Were you?
I don't know what was snapping on the air. I look over and I just click click click.
Hey, you think I'm going to do this on my own time?
Like surfing for porn. Do you think I'm going to do that on my own time?
Okay, there's a delivery for me downstairs. So I think what we'll do is I'll do the break early.
I'm going to put my pants on. Maybe it's something like a billion dollars or something which case I won't be back.
Okay, so I have something to play when the who knows when I'll be back. You got it. Don't worry.
Sometimes I'll put something on it. I'll lose the life.
The best talent. You don't lose your projects. It's 4.00.
You'll 5.60. Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
I'm back. Oh, good.
I was just about to fire something on.
But oh, what happened?
No, nothing. I got about your packages here. Just really Christmas packages.
Take a minute. Take a minute 10.
No, I just wait.
I'll be stoned for Christmas.
You don't have to see it anymore.
I cough and choke each time I smoke those marijuana leaves.
We'll be stoned for Christmas.
Bring some six eggs please.
Let's get stoned for Christmas.
Okay. I've got a minute.
Kill that crap.
Sorry, KJ, but that's garbage.
I mean, it was really good.
Okay, let's see. Here's the discs. This is a chicken neck.
So I guess you got a stuff all fixed up, huh?
A nice chicken neck. You're a discus here.
Then my drum showed up, which I desperately need.
And now I got a package of FedEx, a big package from Beasley Broadcasting.
Maybe this is a big fat check to like paint me off for the last five years.
Oh, I'll be on my way to Woodbine.
But I'm sure it's not.
Let's see. Maybe Bruce Brea,
I've re-reasley brought this by yesterday, huh?
Maybe. Maybe that's what he was doing here.
Oh, wow.
It's a book.
It's a book.
Yeah.
And it's from Jolly Joe Bell, my good close personal friend.
You can't say I never, I've never gotten you anything.
Oh, you got me something. A lot of hardware and Joe.
Have a great holiday season. I'm looking forward to five more great years.
You know something. All his previous attempts at humor have fallen flat.
But this one is the best.
Have a great holiday season. I'm looking forward to five more great years, Joe.
And let's see what it is.
It's disturbing.
I thought there was a human heart.
It's burning up on tour with the Jonas Brothers.
Well, there you go.
And keep the whole above the, um, I don't think Joe is related to the other two.
Hey, Joe, Joe Bell.
No, not that Joe, Jesus God.
I'm not even sure he's got a, well, he does.
I think he does.
And here, it's a pictorial of their concerts and stuff.
I don't see any naked pictures near though.
Well, keep looking, huh?
Keep looking.
I see there's Joe.
It looks like he's in a turgid state.
Mississippi.
Where are they from by the way?
Are they from like the deep south or something like?
Oh, no, they look like Tennessee kind of people.
You know what I mean by that?
No, there's real people.
And then there's Tennessee kind of people.
People that get hatched in a big cave somewhere.
Yeah, the one scrawny little, the younger one.
He's, he's scrawny.
And looks like he's from like Punxatani.
The ugly one is just, you know what he is?
What ugly?
Maybe he's got a second chance for love.
Yeah, he could be unnatural easy on Tila Tekila.
Speaking of ugly, yes.
Thanks for the check, Neil.
Well, at least, at least you had the decency to come and get it.
Anyway, well, do I ever not come get it?
No, but it was there yesterday and you didn't come get it yesterday.
So there must have been a lot of things over in the, uh,
the kiss building yesterday.
Yeah, kiss this.
It was kiss on the, you know, thank you.
I'll kiss this.
Jonas Brothers are.
Do I know who they are?
Yeah, they're like the Disney Channel guys, right?
Is that where they're on?
Yeah, I know you got a little thing.
I've been listening because everybody works for Disney is gay.
What?
I know you got a little thing for him.
I've been listening.
No, Joe Jonas is a real cute.
Joe Jonas is a little, a little thing everybody knows.
He has a little thing.
Well, I don't see any pictures of it.
Oh, here's one.
Look at that.
That Joe Bell.
What a perfect.
Well, thanks, jolly.
Joe, wasn't that damn nice of him to send me this book?
Yes, it was.
I mean, I don't know what I'm going to do with it.
Money white here, doesn't it?
Maybe I can stick it in my...
Break them.
That goes to show you how close attention he pays to this show.
Looking to five more great years, Joe, at the full rate.
Mexico City, Mexico.
After the assembly of playing the 50,000 fans of the Texas State,
fear we were shocked to find out.
We'd be facing 80,000 people when we played a festival concert in Mexico.
And who's this?
Oh, here's mom and dad.
They are laughing all the way to the bank.
Can you imagine?
Yeah.
Can you imagine being daddy of these, uh,
troglolites?
I mean, these great kids.
Boy, this is just a big, big.
Oh, it's big.
There it is.
I've been looking for it.
It's big.
You know, sometimes scrawny little guys,
they surprise the hell out of you, you know what I mean?
Like no.
Oh, yeah.
Why do you wouldn't know?
That's right.
Scrawny guys.
Like, oh my god.
Oh, that's...
Yeah.
I've been a film I've ever seen in person in a locker room
was on a guy shorter than me.
Really?
shorter than most of us, yes.
My god.
Is that thing real?
It looked like an arm.
That other one, he's definitely...
Yeah, he's just two, um, the young one.
He's a real screamer.
He's a flamer.
Joe, I don't know about that.
We'll have to check that out.
Well, thanks a lot, Johnny.
Joe, boy, that book weighs about 100 pounds.
Oh my god.
It's a big, big thing.
And I got the disc here from...
You can tell it's a holiday when packages start arriving.
Because you know all the gift I get, like on my birthday.
I guess Joe felt
that he slided me badly on my birthday.
That's it.
And so now he's trying to make a mens.
Men's a mens.
And so he sent me that book about three men's, young men's.
Burning up.
I'm not exactly burning up looking at it.
You know, I'm just like I told you.
I don't get, uh, I'm too old to be
aroused and stimulated by naked pictures or by any kind of pictures.
I mean, if I see somebody looks good,
like like that movie yesterday,
flipper flipper's last adventure.
Oh, wait a minute.
Is this another one of those question?
Oh, yeah, here's Chinese.
You want me to forward this to you?
Why?
Because you said forward, you're one of those.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What is man?
You are just just waiting for me to croak.
I can tell that's right.
That's what Chris told me.
Mm-hmm.
No, blood sucker, I remember.
Yeah, blood sucker waiting for me to die.
Let's see forward forward.
Okay.
To George.
George.
Okay, it's on its way and it's just, uh,
I don't know what it is.
Winged in.
Yeah, it's like hieroglyphics.
And you'll tell me if that's what we were talking about before,
although the people that sent me this stuff from their max,
that all came through just fine.
I'm not gonna think it's a Mac problem.
I think it's their email format that they're using.
Can I have some money for a facelift lipo,
lipo, or maybe I should just take a brick and smash myself in the face?
God, I hate myself so sad.
I'm good.
Go out and play in the snow.
Oh, the fake lyric Kings says today seems like a slow day.
Have the emails dried up since you are taking calls.
Why not make calls?
Oh, get out of here.
Here's another idiot tell me how to do the show.
I'm not making calls.
Call summer like Stan,
Rimmer, fat hank, Moor, jica.
No.
QAM hasn't been the same since they let Mo go.
I would agree with that.
Thank God.
He led to a lot of material.
I have a lot of bokeh Brian bits.
I favorite to sitting on a bench in Del Rey.
I love a lot of them.
Says Larry.
Have you ever thought of having him sit in on the show
or can he not work on the fly?
He's like Tony Perkins.
He'd never heard a fly.
It would be interesting to give it a shot.
No, it would not.
If anything, he can do live Moor,
Geltie, Drapins.
What do you think?
I think you got a mind-your-old business,
Fakerlary, and Quid tell me how to do the show.
Drop dead.
In addition to which all of a sudden now,
there's a whole, since I ran out of here,
a whole bunch of emails.
Thank God.
So I got that email.
And it's not like Chinese.
It's actually Chinese.
It is?
Yes.
And so someone like a Chinese person or someone in China
is a standing people.
You among them.
In Chinese.
Oh, I see.
Well, good.
I'd like to wish you, in George,
the best wishes and happy holidays as somebody, Mario.
Love the show.
Keep doing what you're doing and do not retire.
Questions.
Who's Paco?
Paco is my Mexican friend.
Okay, and that's all you need to know.
We don't do in Hankey's Banky.
And that's the way it is.
He's another dependent.
Why do you have to sit there and watch that terrible show on MTV?
Because that's what he wants to watch.
You know, that's the price I pay for him hanging out
and having a lunch or whatever.
See, whoever wrote that must not be like married or have friends.
And you know, sometimes you humor people when they're busy.
That's right.
I mean, he thinks it's funny.
He doesn't think it's good.
He thinks it's funny in a sick way, you know.
It's a punk.
Just get another TV set to tell Paco
to get some ice cream during that time that the show is on.
You don't have to be tortured and forced to watch that garbage.
But it's another chance for love.
Don't you understand?
It's a second chance.
It's a love.
A shot at love, excuse me.
Yes, somebody ought to be shot
and killing that killer to kill a bitch.
Nasty, skanky.
Did you see the story about the plumber making comments about McKane?
Yes, I do.
The honeymoon's over.
Mario and Port St. Lucy.
Well, that's why Mario is a little bit off his feet.
How about that book from Jolly Joe, huh?
I thought that was very sweet.
Oh no, my apologies in advance from Mike.
He says, if you already mentioned,
Miss Kamal got released from the slammer today.
No, I didn't see that.
It's on the scum sent on the website.
I have to check that out.
Miss Kamal is back.
Look out, everybody.
Do do do do do.
Hey, Miss Kamal, you fairy.
You think you're going to hire him back at Channel 7?
No, I'd like to suggest to everyone
to listen to Radio Host Phil Henry.
It says from the fake Joey Reynolds.
Well, good.
Have a good life, Joey.
You and Phil, he'd like to suggest.
Edward says, please explain,
oh, the beast.
Oh, here's a rip job on the beast.
That is so sweet.
I bet you Chris is going to squeeze himself when he hears this.
Something to look forward to.
OK.
Well, I'm printing it out.
I don't want to read it off the monitor.
Cornell from Miami.
Who'd you speaking about the scene in the Godfather?
Big fan also.
I watch it every time it comes on.
The scene when a guy is shaking when the cigarette was real.
The guy had never been in front of the camera before.
So he was really nervous and he decided to keep it in.
See, there's a little trivia.
We didn't know that.
Happy holidays, Cornell.
Thanks.
Did you know that?
Nope.
Enzo the baker for your father for your father.
Very interesting.
You can send to me,
Humber, the most beautiful place in the world.
You must have been there on that beautiful clear day
and during the summer.
Even crappy candidates got more beautiful places in the Rockies.
Like Whistler, Victoria and Banff.
Well, I've never been to Whistler, Victoria or our Banff.
I didn't say it's the most beautiful place in the world.
I said it's the most beautiful place that I've been.
Is what I said.
That beautiful lake.
And it was a crystal, queer summertime day.
And I'm not really interested in any more of these stories.
Oh, this is Grubboggan.
I thought we had him block.
Well, block him again with his stupid stories
about woodbine race fixing.
He said, what do I care about that?
Why do I care?
Do I care?
No.
I don't bet on the races it would bind.
And here's another pull.
I'll block him again.
Okay.
Block him.
Here's a pull.
If you had the financial means to buy an everyday sports car,
which one would you own?
Porsche 911.
BMW M series Mercedes AMG series,
Audi RS series, Corvette,
Mao-Stang, Viper Ferrari, etc.
That's not a bad pull.
You like it?
I like it.
You like it?
During the break, I'm going to do two things.
Yeah.
I'm going to switch the drum.
How much does Dan thinks cost you like 200 and some odd bucks?
Wow.
Expensive.
And Dan expensive and I pay for him out of my own pocket.
At least up till the end of the year.
Another couple of weeks.
Then everything's going to be expense.
Paper clips, staples, you name it.
Toilet papers are going to be expense.
223 votes on the pull.
What's your favorite thing to do behind the wheel?
Steering wheel to all the other thing I'm going to do is
I'm going to read from cover to cover my book from
Jolly Jobelle.
I always told you it was a hell of a good guy.
The Jonas Brothers.
Looking forward to another five great years, he says.
Is he serial?
Didn't he ask you?
Do you think Neil's going to make it another five years?
Didn't he ask you that?
I said I don't think he's going to make it another five minutes.
Unless you leave, Joe, that I could make another 20 years.
Now he'll be around forever.
You know, he's got them buffaloed.
Listen to the radio 607.
Listen to music 45.
Pass him serious methane gas 27.
Dig one out of your nose 27.
Pop out a cold one 24.
How about a look warm one?
Smoke a fully blunt 14.
Master rate 13.
Find a self-help cure for your sonility 3.
Text a chronic one.
Eat your bookies one.
Put make up on men or women one and phone a chronic none so far.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're his new projects.
Sport rate your five 60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's a big dog.
Joe Rose.
Seity Morning 710.
Where's South Florida sports?
Always matters.
Always matters.
Sport rate your five 60 QAM.
M-M-V.
Sport leader.
Hey, old man.
What's up?
A cotton mishpoth.
Here's Andrew Dice Clay, four Dicerone.
Alright, let's say you're eating.
You're sick and f***in' tired of f***in' potatoes
and that stovetop s***.
Do like me, honey, eat this.
Dicerone.
Come on, it's almost as simple as you.
Put the f***in' bag in the f***in' pot
and you turn on the f***in' stove.
You think you can manage that, honey?
Hey, but I've been the f***ing things done.
So remember, Yankee Doodle came to town, writing on a pony,
stuck a feather off his ass, and called it Thysa Rooney.
Oh!
The sound of me, the taxi driver's street.
OK, let me 32.
We got our, in fact, I just printed out my first email
with a new drum.
Yeah.
With a brand new toner cartridge, I already
spent the most money on that exciting.
Very.
Not.
A little drum roll.
Oh, and guess what, the ugly Jones brother Kevin?
Yeah.
Really ugly.
His favorite ice cream is Rocky Road,
and he was born on November 5th.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
I guess all us ugly people were born on November 5th,
and we love Rocky Road.
And his favorite movie is About a Boy.
Sounds really gay to me.
It's like I've got some bedtime reading now.
What is it?
You have some bedtime reading.
No, I do not.
No, I do not have bedtime reading.
Well, here's a picture from Miami.
They actually were in Miami once a part of time.
Best ice cream ever, Ted Drew is frozen custard,
but I don't know where that is.
And there's a bunch of Polaroid pictures here
from your friend Joey Jonas.
If we're going to be talking about the Jones brother,
so we're going to be out of business.
I mean, at least, no, at least flipper,
the old queens out there can relate like me, you know?
Luke Kelfan.
Sandy.
Hey, Sandy.
But the Jones brothers, I never heard of the Jones brothers
to show you.
I never heard of Jesse McCartney either.
He looks really cute, but gay, you know?
Is this turning into a fact shown?
I was at it.
What do you mean, turning?
There's nothing else going on to holidays, OK?
Oh, and look at this.
Joey Jonas's favorite ice cream is chocolate marshmallow.
Yeah, haven't I been bitching about the fact
I can't find a new.
You have it in.
Yeah, I have an end.
Mm-hmm.
I want to join the fan club, write them some mail,
make them all respond.
Favorite movie for feathers?
If I could have lunch with anyone that
alive would be Abraham Lincoln.
Favorite sport, soccer, he says.
He likes to kick it around a little bit.
Best day ever playing at the Texas State Fair.
He's a certified New Jersey babysitter, favorite musician,
Paul McCartney, not Jesse McCartney, Paul.
Best advice someone gave me from his dad,
even if he were at the top, live like you're at the bottom.
Reckon.
Oh, ho, ho, ho.
Holy cow.
And his favorite place in the world
which shows that kids have no tasted all Paris.
Paris, a frog place.
So I guess these kids are from Jersey.
I, maybe they're the byproduct of all that pollution,
you know, the polluted, stinky ear in Jersey.
Maybe that's why a couple of them look so retarded.
Anyway, thanks again, Jolly Joe.
That was a real sweet effort and gesture on your part.
Well, not nice.
Yes it was.
And actually, you know, was feeling really sour and negative
about him until I opened up that package.
Asking, as come from feeling now.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
That's bad.
I don't want to be relentless, heartless son of a bitch,
even at this time of the year, you know.
That was not only 38 points.
What's wrong with that?
Whole bunch of emails pouring in now.
I truly prefer to cuss and flick people off.
Come on, Neil, we're in South Florida.
Keep writing and raving.
Peace, John.
Thank you, John.
Flick people off.
What about watch TV, Brandon says?
I know people that would do,
and I've seen a lot of people watching something on TV
while driving.
It's common with more and more new cars
that tend to come with monitors and DVD players.
Well, how do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
Brandon also says there was a string maybe a year ago
or so where police have been coming across people
who have monitors all over the car,
especially in the headrests.
And they're watching a porno.
And if you're in the car behind them, chances are you're going to see it.
Well, go, go, good, get right behind them.
Very jackass says, after missing the honor role in 2007,
Howard Stern is back on the light-coast most popular search
coming at at number eight.
Wow.
Heavy duty.
And when you hear who's number one,
it'll make you understand how important that is.
Clay Aiken is number one.
All right.
Clay Aiken, Barack Obama, Heath Ledger, Paul Newman, John McCain,
Tupac Shakur, Johnny Depp, Howard Spurham, Travis Baker, and Fitty Sand.
What was that?
Steve Sloan-Pathick.
What Steve Sloan-Dewin in there while we're on here?
Pringling the food from his client.
Pringles.
Pringles from Danny Boyz.
All right.
That's coming up in about 24 minutes.
Steven here, it's for a good reason.
That's right.
You're just sucking around for the free food.
That's all.
Of course.
But it happens to be true.
Darius is what I found most entertaining
was the fact that whoever wrote this press release
couldn't resist throwing in the following jab.
reappearing in 2008 after falling off list in 2007
as Howard Stern, who despite seeing a continued decline
in his serious satellite ratings, managed to keep himself
in headlines mirroring longtime girlfriend, Beth Ostrosky.
Of course Howard couldn't have just made the list
because his talent and growing ratings.
Instead, they suggested he made the list
because it has merged the Beth Says Berry,
which only leaves one question.
Who the hell still searches the net would like goes?
This is the fake berry.
This must be what's his name?
Already lying must be.
The fake berry.
It's a good point.
Oh, here's the fake Greg Vudelle.
I know you're obsessed with me, but stop already.
My many friends remind me tell me
you just can't stop talking about me.
Right, I'm the one who keeps sending these fake emails, fake Greg.
I wish you just shut up already.
I'm not gay.
I don't want to sleep with you.
So find someone else to talk about.
Get a life, love Greg.
Oh, how weak?
How weak?
That's a Jeremy.
What's his name?
Coolman.
That was down 45 points.
Here's the story from the some some sentinel.
A former South Florida TV weatherman arrested four years
ago in the internet.
Sexting has been released from prison.
The FBI, the Federal Bureau of prisons
recently moved Bill Kamala 51 out of a Massachusetts prison
with Community Supervision Program
in Philadelphia record show.
Local 10 dot com reports that Miss Kamala
was placed in the halfway house program last week.
It's unclear whether that's where he may
be ordered to remain through the end of a sentence in March.
Miss Kamala, who was chief meteorologist
at Channel 7 for a decade, has pleaded guilty to charges.
He used the internet to arrange a sexual encounter
with someone he thought was a 14 year old boy.
The person turned out to be an undercover detective
with the San Lucie County Sheriff's Orifice.
Deputy's arrested Miss Kamala when he pulled into a convenience
store parking lot near Fort Pierce,
where they say Kamala planned to pick up the boy.
Inside Kamala's car, Deputy say they found toys
and condoms.
WSV in fired Kamala immediately after his arrest.
At the time he was living near downtown Fort Lauderdale,
a federal judge in February 2005 gave Kamala
the minimum prison sentence for the crime five years
in order them to pay a $20,000 fine be put on probation
for the rest of his life.
Additionally, most dates would clearly classify
Kamala as a sex offender,
requiring the register of such when he takes up residence.
So Miss Kamala is out, but in Philadelphia.
What is this?
Ted Drew is a St. Louis operation.
Ted Drew's.
Oh, I see it's the place they were raven about.
What was it?
A burger joint?
What was it?
I don't know.
No ice cream.
The store is only open here in the summertime
and the waiting line goes around the block.
Thanks.
See, there's the information about Ted Drew's.
And we're Drew'sy?
Sure.
No.
They just opened a new Abbott's Frozen custard branch
near the important candle was on deco drive last night.
Abbott's Frozen custard from Rochester area,
from Pittsburgh, New York.
Of course, it goes over as well as Vick and Herbs.
That's caused most of the people in South Florida
have tasted their tacos, okay?
Remember, Vick and Herbs with the white hats in the hotel.
Thank God Wayne Arons will be open very soon
and bring back the Rochester white hats
because Vick and Herbs went over like
Halivai in Saudi Arabia.
Not good.
Boy, little suspect or expected
it was going to be such a pressure day like this, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Where George go?
Hey, I'm right over here.
Oh, he's just lacking again.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's the mad dog.
Woo!
Manage, afternoon, 47.
Sports radio, 560.
QAM.
V, sports, leader, field Rogers God.
You know, October was a busy month for me.
So I was using my credit card quite a bit.
A lot more than usual.
We noticed that at a usually high level of activity
in her account.
And we thought, well, maybe her card's been stolen.
So we gave her a call.
I was so surprised when they called me.
Actually, all the charges were mine.
But I was really impressed that they took the time to call.
Now, just to be on the safe side, we continued to watch her account.
And then we noticed she was running out big bills at fancy restaurants.
So we called and suggested that she watch her wait.
You know, I have to admit, I was getting a little chunky.
But it was nice to know that someone really cared.
Then we noticed numerous charges from the shady lame hotel.
We suspected she was having an affair.
So we called her husband.
Yeah, and I was really glad they called.
Right away, I canceled her credit card and began having an affair with my secretary.
I tell you, you don't expect service like that from just any credit card company.
Not just Visa.
Lazy bank Visa.
Oh, that's it.
When does the funny part start?
Because you're not going to get any.
Oh, what are you eating food now?
Oh, I'm going on.
Oh, my God.
I can't even talk about getting the old shine routine.
So I cannot even hear it anymore.
Well, I got a package to go pick up somewhere down the street.
Oh, but yeah, it's Joe Jonas's package.
It's a small package.
Have you ever had bacon wrapped meatloaf?
No, but it sounds awesome.
Mm-hmm.
Because I love bacon and I love meatloaf.
Chocolate marshmallow.
Maybe I could take Joe out for some chocolate marshmallow.
Joe Bell?
Three scoops.
No, Joe Jonas.
Screw Joe Bell.
Thanks a lot, Joe.
Boy.
Would you get him for Christmas?
Would I get Joe?
Oh, another five years.
All right.
Great radio.
We will start great radio again someday.
I don't know.
I like the way we're doing right now.
Kind of laid back, you know.
Mm-hmm.
No pressure.
And like I told you to be, I don't want to see it would be bad if now I started like
poop pooling to Jonas brothers.
But I already told you that before I got the book.
What?
That number one, I find them disturbing.
At least the two really tried with that ones.
And number two, I could walk out of here right now.
Because contrary to a lot of the negative people, oh Toronto is a bunch of yehoo.
Yeah.
There are so many beautiful people of all varieties and shapes and here.
I could walk out in within the first block.
See, 20 young guys better looking than any of them.
Mm-hmm.
But 20 of them, same as well as they do.
Better.
Oh my god.
Right in the middle of Georgia's, you know what you can do is you can get, you know, those little
microphones that they wear on their heads.
Mm-hmm.
Just walk around with one of those and then hand them to somebody.
Hey, put this on.
Let me see how you look.
No, I really appreciate the book.
It's a nice gesture.
It's something I really, you know, it's interesting.
It's timely.
I really appreciate this food.
It's not as good as tealat.
To tealat's a lappier.
But then what is?
Nothing.
It's another shot at love.
In fact, Joe has inspired me.
Next five years it's going to be all Joe's brothers music all the time.
That's a new floor mat.
I think that's what he was hinting at.
And I'm quick on the uptake.
I've never seen a new stage.
Oh, we're good.
I've never had a stage.
I mean, that's just awful.
Sounds like he's in, he's in, he's in the scene.
Sounds like someone's stringing like a pattern.
Yeah.
Sounds like that boys in pain.
When the sighted I'll be done.
When the sighted I'll be said.
Got to get better, doesn't it?
No.
Yeah.
No.
It doesn't get any, he just keeps,
why not?
That's right.
Oh, boy.
Oh, boy.
Well, I'm sure I could make him make better sounds than that.
But that's beside the point.
How's the doubt doing that?
That was a four and a half points.
See that?
No.
What is this?
Voice of John Cowell,
seeing an all-platform journalist?
My, my assumption in Orlando.
In Orlando.
The police have certainly,
I had an opportunity to ask,
as many questions as they would like to ask,
of the meter reader.
Oh, they found the escultant of some little girl,
or Kaylee Anthony's grandparents near the home.
Great.
You know, Kaylee,
the one that the mother killed alleged, right?
The little girl was dropping while they had the little girl was missing.
And like that,
the skeletal remains of Kaylee Anthony's body
have been found near her grandparents home.
I say,
Fry Mama.
Yep.
Fry Mama.
Oh, look at this.
Former newsman Bill Kamala,
I just got through reading it.
Thank you so much.
That's the kind of stuff that gets them really going.
And Fort Lauderdale says,
check out number four answers below.
Lincoln logs were invented by the Center of Architects,
Frank Longer.
This is boring.
This is honest to God, boring.
Toys placed in a donation bin for needy kids at Walmart store
will return to the shelves and resold to her false.
What's the answer?
Number.
Oh, this is just false.
False.
Boring.
Very boring.
Whoever sent that,
and he usually sends good stuff.
They're out of material, man.
Here's the profitability channel from Ruth King.
Blow it out your ass, Ruth.
Okay, I don't care.
Quit peddling crap.
Well, I'm sure you do have an idea of how many people try to get
to use this thing to pedal their own stuff.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Use me as a conduit to what make them money.
I got to worry about making me money.
Okay, especially starting January 1.
We're going to start charging for the show.
That's right.
How many sent?
I'm emotionally.
30 sent a day.
Why?
We're going to be mercenaries.
Oh, we'll survive somehow.
We'll survive.
David in South Beach says, don't know if this is old news for you or not.
Yes, it is.
But I heard a promo on 93.1.
The rock station here in Dayton, Broward a few days ago,
with Bubba Lovespoon saying he's taking over the morning slot and starting to
January 5th.
Yeah, as old news, we talked about it till it's coming out of our ears.
Very jackass.
The fake ones have been writing about it all week long for two weeks.
As opposed if nothing else will knock down the way over and play the ratings of
it.
Fat Paul and old Ron, it says, says, keep up the good work and the Georgia is
okay.
I could care less about fat Chris.
Thanks, David.
South Beach.
It's old news.
And we don't care anyway.
Oh, but Bubba, Bubba, he's like a revolutionary.
Okay, great.
What if he's as revolutionary as Mancow, who had a point?
Oh, one thing about the, um, Norma's buddies over there.
It's James Crystal Radio.
No matter what they put on the Eric, it's Bill O'Reilly.
Oh, Mancow.
Oh, everything they put on gets pretty much like that.
I wonder how Mepho is doing on the 640 anymore.
Oh, you listen to that.
Chris, at all, you hear Mepho?
Who?
No.
Mepho to Flourist.
Wow.
Now, here's that one about the beast.
There's stuff still trickling and we only got two hours to go and I'm going to put on my shoes and
pants and go back to the wood.
You know what, do you know that?
What?
These, uh, sirloin tips are awesome.
Hmm.
And bacon and the tuna loaf.
Bacon wrapped me loaf, tuna.
Sesame Seared Tuna.
Look at that.
Yeah.
Is it the big tuna?
It's the big tahuda.
Yeah.
So Dan Marino's brought in the lunch today for everybody and eight minutes will be putting that stuff on sale on WQM.com.
How many we got?
A hundred?
Hmm.
Yes.
150 dollars is for 25 bucks.
And this isn't some obscure place, you know, like in Bumfork somewhere.
This is Dan Marino's.
Oh, Danny Boy.
What are we going to do about those lips, Danny?
Here's one that says, please explain to me why the beast is employed in radio.
I know he has a face and body made for radio.
That's obvious.
But his voice, the only thing you can use on this medium is disturbing to say the least.
He's disturbing already, but more disturbing than the, uh, Jonas Brothers.
This is a high purply.
I have to change the station when he speaks because the sound of his voice is nauseating.
What even get into the fact that he's an idiot and his opinions, comments are moronic.
That I can, that I can deal with, but this is how most sports talk radius,
uninformed loses, giving opinions, it'd be nothing fine, but they have him read sports updates as well.
He can't read copy.
You think that after years and years, he gets a hang of it.
Worst of all, it's just the sound of his slaubering voice.
And I know by the way, the Johnny Joe Bell agrees with you and wants him off the year now.
He sounds like he's got a mouthful of spit or is it Schmidt?
Yeah, that's true.
I never, I never mentioned that.
He's always got spittled in his mouth, right?
Maybe he's got a mouthful of food.
Please, Neil, get someone, get some loot together and buy him an effing spittoon.
Says Edward.
How you like that?
You're right on rock solid Edwards, what you are rock solid on target.
I'm not buying him no spittoon.
I wouldn't have spent on the best part of him if I could find it.
How we doing on your poll?
What's our goal?
We did big.
We did over 1100 on that one from yesterday.
285.
I can't talk today.
What?
It was too low.
You can't talk with food in your mouth.
Oh, here's one from here's one from syphilitic Jimmy syphilis.
I heard you take a good shot at my shot at my good friend Henry Barrow.
Henry has been trying to lose weight for years.
You cruel son of a bitch trying to lose weight.
Henry's a great person broadcaster in newsman.
He hasn't been the same since my culinary past away a few years ago.
But what do you care?
You keep ripping great broadcasters like Henry and my friend Joseph Gackie.
They have more talent than you'll ever have.
You're a professional mouth content.
I made it to network TV with NBC.
What have you done beside jump station to station?
What's next?
Hasor Exxon.
No other radio station will hire you and you know it.
Says the fake Jimmy syphilitic.
Maybe it's the real one.
Hey Jimmy.
I can't talk to this.
Oh, that's the beast.
You carry.
Oh.
Something that always really annoys me is annoying TV shows.
What about a poor on that?
Annoying TV shows?
No, we've done that poll in various ways over the years.
Oh, what about another shot at love?
I will not watch that again.
I'm serial.
If he puts that on again, I'm going to go take a half hour dump.
Shoot him.
What?
I said shoot him.
Here's one from Brandon.
I wonder where Joe brought the Jonas Brothers.
But you know, they had it sent to me, I guess.
Did he do it discreetly from Amazon or do you know?
He actually walked into a bookstore and buy it and then the clerk looks at him with this book.
Now I don't think the clerk would look at jolly Joe or anybody else.
I mean, what's wrong with that?
Is that a grown man buying a book about the Jonas Brothers?
Huh?
I mean, when you walk out, the clerk is thinking like that.
But you know, say it's for my daughter.
That's exactly right.
Like what's his name?
He said, Lee Jay Cobb and the exorcist.
Later on, I lied.
It was for me.
He was so great.
Lee Jay Cobb.
You know, we, we, I don't know if we actually ever did it the most underrated actor of all time.
Can we do that one?
Yes.
But he certainly has to be in the running.
I mean, he was just a great, great actor.
Don't you agree?
Yes.
Answered a question, father paranoia.
He had a great voice.
He was a real manly man, you know, a man's man.
I guarantee you, Lee Jay Cobb wouldn't have brought the Jonas Brothers book.
I'll guarantee you that.
It's for my daughter.
I lied.
It was for me.
Oh, boy.
I got to watch that again.
I've got the unexperiated one, the new one with all the special effects and all the crap, you know.
Yeah.
Isn't it amazing how they keep reinventing all these things?
Not amazing.
I was faxing you four pages to be signed, but a beep that a boop that a bob.
Oh, my God.
You will need a copy of a corporate resolution facts along with the four pages that you should have.
What in God's name does that mean?
This is just, it's more than, um, wow.
It's more than anyone should have to deal with, especially in the middle of a show.
Yeah.
Oh, go away, Bill.
Okay, he's a great guy.
1157, a QM, you better get with it because the Neil deals coming up in three minutes or less.
Neals half price deals are the hint of the town and today one of our favorites in three minutes.
You can buy $50 certificates for 25 bucks to Dan Marino's restaurant.
South Miami's home of first class dining and entertainment.
Inventive recipes, a cosmopolitan decor, a seasoned staff, and a full-time chef ensure that the company
in the afternoon or evening at Dan Marino's will be a memorable one.
And like Dan himself, Dan Marino's is dedicated to giving their guest a legendary experience.
During football games, Marino's has got great beer specials too.
Just $3 draft imports.
If you're looking for a place for your holiday party large or small, Dan Marino's can accommodate your group.
Give them a call at 305-665-1315.
Located at the shops of sunset in South Miami, it's Dan Marino's restaurant.
And in just a couple of minutes, go to wqm.com to buy a $50 certificates and have priced just 25 bucks.
But hurry because once they're gone, you know what happens.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're losing your largest sports radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I'm Miami for Lauderdale.
This is very quick.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Oh, for those nights, when you feel like a woman.
You're a mago.
You feel like a woman.
Yeah, I feel like a woman.
What an ace, let's go get one.
That's the time for Lady Brute.
Yeah, and the retarded day at the precinct, I smell like a man.
Which I hate.
So I splish on somebody's stuff, you know.
And then I hit down Tera Ba.
You got a problem with it?
Spongebob.
Lady Brute.
When you feel like a woman.
Sully!
Cupcake.
Yeah, you want a day?
You from Faggers' Day.
OK, 12-0-2 at 560.
I'm sure you enjoy in some of these oldie moldies, you know.
Be too.
No, you're enjoying the lunch.
Is what you're enjoying during the day.
That's a good day today.
Wow, it is a good day.
Got my gear from Johnny Joe Bell, which I never dreamed I'd
love to see the day that would happen.
Now let's see, the certificates are gone.
We got 59 left.
So we sold 41 very fast.
We got 59 to go for Dan Mariner.
It was the food spectacular.
It's on sunset drive in the shops and sunsets place.
So, you know, it's right within the hollering business of just about everybody.
Right?
Yep.
56.
We'll get them all gone.
Or that bacon wrapped meatloaf.
Just awesome.
You got that too?
Oh yeah.
Now it's up 39 points.
Oh, happy day.
What a day.
I just got a whole bunch of forms to sign and facts and pops gear around with here for my
financial guy.
Who was a great guy.
It does a good job for me.
He just didn't understand it like 10 to 2.
I'm doing a radio show.
No, he really doesn't.
A lot of people don't do that.
Don't understand that.
What?
What we do for a living.
I have to keep explaining it.
But during the break, I got that all done.
I got, I signed all this stuff.
And the next break, I'll fax it to where it's supposed to go.
And hopefully you do it right.
And no, I will not be calling you Bill.
I will not because I'm doing a radio show, but nevertheless have no fear.
The old cout is here.
So here's that poll suggestion from a Julio.
If you had the financial means to buy every day sports car, which one you buy, I like that.
I'm putting it in my poll pile as we speak.
So what else you got there to bring any desserts or stuff like that?
I hope not.
No, I don't think so at all.
51 to go on the marinos restaurant on the certificates.
And with the way the economy is now.
You think a lot of people would be grabbing on there.
I mean, you know, $50 certificates for 25 bucks.
Who the hell can get a meal for 25 bucks?
Right?
Right.
We got 51 left.
So almost half of Margonne in about three minutes.
That's not bad.
Is it?
That's good.
Sorry, I have any mouthful.
Now I'm sure you do.
Wouldn't be the first time either.
George has got a mouthful.
That's right.
George Middle School.
Oh, several Richmond County educators are being recommended after officials uncovered a sex scandal involving teachers, coaches and the principal of an Augusta Middle School.
How do you like that?
A bunch of preverts.
Superintendent Dana Bedan says seven spirit creek Middle School faculty members.
Maybe somebody's been bedding them.
Have been implicated in the series of incidents that included daytime sexual encounters on an inflatable mattress and the school's public safety orifice.
On an inflatable mattress.
How do you like that?
All right.
I like it a lot.
Well, this is from a lifeless Adam again.
No students were involved in any of the encounters which came to light after a former teacher sent an email about the allegations to school system leaders.
Denise Ogden resigned in November after her involvement in a love triangle.
And also caused former principal Sharon McElvie, enter former school board public safety officer Ronnie Collins, their jobs.
How do you like that?
Here's one from Eric the Highly a Surveyor.
He says I was just wondering.
I'm a 22 year old land surveyor who's always driving around South Florida and in a work truck and I'm an avid listener.
I was just curious if I was the youngest person to listen to AM.
And if I am should I get life?
Love you Neil.
I'll smoke one for you George and keep on keeping on the show rules.
Eric the Highly a survivor.
Well, we need to find somebody younger than 22 who's listen to AM, listen to this show.
I'm sure we got a few, not many.
Not anymore.
Anyway, back when the show was funny, then oh no.
Girls fired after soak in KFC sink.
Oh, woo.
Some weird stuff going on.
High jinx in the sink at an Anderson fast food restaurant across three girls, their jobs.
After closing the Anderson Kentucky fried chicken one recent night, the girls stripped to their underwear or changed into bathing suits and took a bath in the dish washing sink.
One of them posted the photos of the event on our public my space page.
The girls manager said she first learned the photos on Tuesday and suspended the trio.
On Wednesday, they were fired.
So we said Rick Maynard KFC spokesman.
I wonder if they were like extra crispy.
Who KFC has zero one of those things.
I like the chicken nuggets, the popcorn chicken popcorn chicken.
Oh, God, those are good.
KFC has zero tolerance for violations of our operating standards and our franchises taken immediate action by terminating the employees who were involved.
He wrote an email asked whether there have been a similar situation in other KFC.
He replied, of course not.
You crazy goofball.
You of course not.
You jackass.
You idiot.
Miramar students suspended over classroom sex.
Boy, a lot of a lot of hanky spanky going on.
They're learning something in school.
They're learning to dittle in the middle school.
Evidently.
Not that that's anything new.
Don't you think they ought to have that like didlin class so the sure could learn to dittle right.
Yeah, volunteering to be a teacher.
Three students at Glades Middle School in Miramar were suspended this week.
We can face expulsion after school administrators say they were engaged in inappropriate sexual activity in a classroom.
One female and two male seventh graders may have been involved in sexual activity for several weeks.
School district spokesman Kenneth Keith Brahmrey said.
Well, seventh grader is how old like 13.
Okay.
You able to do that?
Well, two seventh grade teachers have been reassigned to work away from students while the district investigates.
Brahmrey said the activity was allegedly going on in their classroom.
They're responsible for maintaining a certain decorum.
He said he said other students are being accused of rape.
Other students they may have been involved aside from the three suspended.
All of whom are about 13 years old.
See, I know my math, mister.
These three are the perpetrators, Brahmrey said.
They were the they were sticking it.
Principal Krista Herrera said let her home with students to the assuring parents at the students at the school are safe.
Glades Middle School in Miramar.
They're safe.
I mean, you know, packs some condoms in the lunchpale, but they're safe.
How are we doing with Danny Boy, by the way?
We got the 41 to go.
They're going pretty good in chunks.
We started with a hundred.
We got $41, $50 to get for 25 bucks.
Go to wqam.com.
I'm not even looking on the left hand column with that big air conditioning thing.
Yeah, don't go on the right hand.
You can call them and scroll down to define my push and click on that and they'll get right where you need to go.
Right?
Right.
You betcha.
Let's see, this was from a 1030 from the fake berry.
Sounds like everyone's out of material today.
Give me a few minutes.
I can drum up some cramp for you.
I'm still waiting for your crap, Barry.
And it's like two hours later almost hour and a half.
Can you send me a check from my contribution to your show?
No.
No chance to bring in Stan?
No.
I wouldn't mind hearing his cough a couple more times before he quotes.
I think Brandon is the fake berry jackass.
It's just just a verbiage here.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
He didn't have a couple of good bits during the INZ days, but that was a coons age ago it says.
I don't know if let's see, INZ.
No, Brandon wouldn't even be in a round back then.
He would have been like four years old.
So like I said, don't start blaming Brandon for the fake berry jackass.
You're always blame people for stuff.
Yeah.
That was of 35 points aren't you excited about that?
Nope.
33 left on marinos.
I think we're going to sell them all out this hour.
And then they will fear us.
Then they will fear us.
You think?
No.
Not some, not some old queen that's got a book about the Jonas Brothers sitting on top of the monitor.
On top of the DCS monitor?
Yeah.
Hello, we're the Jonas Brothers it says.
Here's naked snapshots from the road.
Oh my God.
I have only one thing to say to Nick.
He's the youngest one.
Yeah.
I'll find it.
You call that a Harry penis?
Who was a Harry penis?
He was the PD of what station?
Hours.
Harry Valentine.
Oh, that's right.
That was my nickname for him.
Harry penis.
Yeah.
I don't remember how that evolved, but I do.
Well, you got a memory.
Harry Valentine.
What an obscure idiot he was.
He was one of buddy buds friends, right?
Paxton?
Yes.
And Walt Savo's friend.
And Walt Savo.
And you're obsessed with penis.
And so?
I am.
Yes.
Not his.
It's all you think about.
It is not.
Well, go ahead.
Nothing.
I'm done.
It's first time as Harry.
Why does this say is it Schulers or Marinos?
I'm showing Marino.
It's Marinos.
Nobody ever said it was Schulers, okay?
Who sent that?
I don't know.
A buffet of fart sounds.
Here's a link to a buffet of fart sounds.
First of all, I don't do links.
And secondly, even if I did, could I play it?
No.
We have our own.
We have plenty of our own old house.
Back up to 35, by the way, we had a couple of diddlers in there.
Chicken X using the Zeyers card again.
He pulled out the Zeyers and Jefferson's and Monkey Ward cards.
Monkey Ward's, boy.
How is it possible that so many businesses went under, you know?
Was it bad management?
Was it bad merchandise?
Yes.
Was it bad luck?
All of these things.
All of these things.
As Jeremy Coleman and Mel Carmer's in that question when a serious pulls the plug.
How's that stock doing, by the way?
Let me check it.
Okay, serious XM radio stock report, quote, and news.
And I clicked on it and I hope it's at least 16 cents.
15 cents.
Oh, no.
The market's up 35 points, but serious is down.
Down, down, down.
Gotta go up and not down is what the goofball's accent.
When he was busy destroying the morning show.
What is that?
I don't know.
Can you?
Huh?
Wasn't me.
Most unexpected here.
Found it like a loaded gun.
Get it.
The mess.
The fuck?
Is he a Roger?
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So is the best talent.
It's the D.A.
We nights remain to 11.
Here on.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports.
The wear of exploding balls.
It's the old new, lead-to-beaver.
Starring Barbara Billingsley.
You boom on the wall.
Tony Donne.
And Clint Eastwood as the beaver.
Did it you and you bring it up there, beaver?
I don't see any carrots, beaver.
Why do you idiot?
It's 14 karat gold.
What's that you have there, beaver?
Beaver's got a gold ring, Judy.
Doesn't look like real gold to me.
Hey, Judy, bite me.
I'm not allowed to bite stuff.
I go to an orthodont.
All right, then, Judy.
Bite this.
You really showed her, beaver.
Yeah, you really showed her.
Oh, here's the caustic email I can tell.
I can smell it.
Yeah?
I just googled Jonas Brothers.
And every picture looks like they're wearing heavy makeup,
pathetic.
Also, when every picture looks like a stylist put together
their outfits for them, how lame is that?
A whole act is something like some promoter put together
and promotes in a neat package for a very specific audience.
That's right.
Young girls and old fags.
You got it.
So who denies that?
Am I saying that they're a great musical group?
Do they make any real music?
No.
Or a hostile, you know?
Hostel.
Over what?
Over three punky little kids from Jersey.
34 or 28 now on the certificates.
They're moving in chunks.
Don't get all nervous now, fatso.
Okay, I want.
I'm going to have to move to another disc.
Okay.
I see in library.
How many are there?
Like 6,000?
That should take us through the five years.
Then what do we do after that?
53.
53 what?
Disc?
Yes.
No, but then they're also the gold.
That's what I'm talking about.
What?
They're 53 gold discs.
No, no, but then there's another one.
Let me see what they call it.
What do I play?
It.
Well, no, that's interesting because the original is called the gold library.
And then there's these other ones.
Don't you remember the other ones with the red thing on the back?
Like for example, here's CD41 from the, I don't know, is that included?
And then this is perfect for the Jonas Brothers and people of that ilk.
This is where this came from.
This is one of the best vaciums in the year, isn't it?
No.
Yes.
I think it's pretty good.
We dance like things we sing.
You're fair.
Like we're seas, but we must tell you we swim with night.
Okay, now let's start listening to some of these that we never played before.
Like Jello, M-O-L-D.
Just the other day I had a barbecue, asked everybody to bring some food.
Granny came by with some pufferware.
I knew there was something kind of gross in there.
There was fruit in the tin, so I went and I'll get to see if they began to cry.
It was green and jiggly.
Oh, not too good.
Look how much green is for me.
How about brown boogers?
Hi, I'm.
I'm not talking about that sound.
We don't know that's really coming from the nose.
Think about it.
Oh, all right, Joyce.
They're boogers.
They're boogers.
I do go.
I do go.
I do go.
See, one thing about all these ACN bits going way, way back.
Well, the Whisperer were not gay.
That one was pretty good.
But the rest of them, I mean, they're not like dirty or they're not like historically funny.
But they're like, yeah, like that.
Yeah, they always were and they always will be.
And some of them just blow.
Well, I sure hope that wasn't an ass blow.
Sorry, Joyce.
Think about it.
It could be.
That's how they're more like an ass blow than an zipper thing.
17 is all we got left on Danny Boy Marinos.
And just I'm, I'm Jones and for a really great meal just based on what you were telling me there.
This is great.
And of course, Tubby over there, he's like an Tacoma roll over in the corner.
I don't know if you're a meatloaf fan.
Yeah, I love me.
I don't like that.
I love it.
This was great.
Really?
Meatloaf with the gravy and the mashed potatoes, with the skin zone.
We did the first break this all right.
Yes.
Oh, I forgot to cross it off, which is very unusual for me.
Usually I'm like two hours ahead crossing out, trying to make the show go faster that way.
And I could be wrong, but it seems to me that we got an awful lot of extraneous crap going on here.
At least I do.
Faxing pages for my financial guy and I'm going down picking up packages.
Although, if I wouldn't have gone downstairs and picked up the packages,
I wouldn't have had the burning up on tour with the Jonas Brothers for my close personal buddy, Joe Bell.
That was like a nice thing.
I didn't know he had it in him, you know, because he likes to put on this Arab being a real nasty, old tempered bastard, you know.
Yeah.
And he does that very well.
Joe is pretty good.
Hey Joe, he's 19 and looks about what, 10.
That's the problem.
It creates a bad image problem.
Oh, he's a pitiful out.
No, no, I'm not.
I just wish he'd butch up a little bit more, put on a little bit more weight, look a little more manly would be good.
Come on.
Either Salami sandwich.
In fact, maybe we could take Joe to Dan and Marino's.
There you go.
Go for it.
Yeah, these are, you know, songwriting and recording.
Now you will agree that they're great musicians because they write their own music.
Isn't that one of your, huh?
No.
Sure, that's what you always say.
No, people write their own music that makes them great musicians.
No, sure.
Isn't that what he says, Chris?
I don't remember hearing that.
You know, I thought we were going to keep you around for a while, Chris.
I'm sorry.
You're starting to take sides with, with, um, what's his name?
I guess the man who had there.
Taking sides against the family.
Yeah, don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
Ever.
Ever.
Wow, Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
Look at that.
Look at this thing here.
It's enough to make you want to, and all these little kids.
I'm looking at these kids in the audience.
And I'm looking to see if there's any guys or they're all chicks.
There's guys like 20 something guys, probably perverts.
That's a grand total.
There's 20 something guys.
I hope you're choked on that bacon.
What is this one?
This, uh, what's his name?
The Kevin, when it was born on November 5th, he is just, I mean, you know, I mean, we can't help it.
We were born with what we got, you know, but how could the same parents have made those three kids?
One looks like from Mars.
The other one is ugliest in the other one is cutie and wudsy, you know, cutie.
Hey, Tutsi, you're kind of cutie.
How are we doing on this significance?
We got 17 left still.
21, 21.
Oh, we had four ringers in there.
I hate that.
Oh, Richard Weinstein is back.
Weinstein.
I've sent you an email before in the subject.
You guys laughed at me.
I'd like to explain further.
Why sometimes scoring around with other guys does not necessarily mean that the guy is gay.
I agree with that.
George gets very upset when he hears that.
I agree with that.
I don't get upset.
Your delusion does not upset me at all.
You see, when I was 18 years old, I had to do some time in prison because of a drug possession charge.
I was young and out of control, Neil.
I needed to get my act together.
There are a lot of guys in prison with nothing to do and there are a lot of fights and yes, Neil, some sexual activities too.
Oh, no.
At first, when I got locked up, I was really scared.
I didn't want to get raped at it or beaten up.
The older guys in prison told me to relax.
None of that stuff would happen to me if I minded my own business and also explained to me that guys locked up for a while.
Sometimes do what they got to do and that doesn't make them gay.
He explained to me the only guy who takes it in the bleep is gay, but the guy who gives it is not.
Yeah, that's the Italian, an Italy.
That's the way they look at it.
I've told you that.
It sounded crazy to me, but he told me to try it and see for myself if it would turn me gay.
At first, I didn't want to because I'm not gay.
I don't like guys.
But after a few months, I started to see things differently.
It was so boring in prison.
There's nothing to do.
So I said to myself, why not?
After doing this a few times myself, I realized I still wasn't gay and doing it wouldn't make me turn gay.
And you know, you're right.
The guys, I did it were a war, but I still wasn't.
So I wasn't afraid anymore.
I just kept doing it.
In prison, this is normal because guys in jail do this kind of thing all the time.
None of them are gay.
They just doing what they have to do.
Like I said, it's normal.
After I got out of the penitentiary, I started watching a lot of sports, even though I had no interest in sports before I went to prison.
I wanted to butcher up, I guess.
Even starting up in the sports talk radio, too, which is how I find your show.
Oh, and it was the sports talk radio that immediately makes you gay.
Oh, boy.
Poor dick.
I don't do this all the time like you gay guys do.
And you know, this sometimes, you know, from time to time every once in a while, but sometimes with great interest.
I can admit this to others, Neil, because I'm secure in my masculinity.
I'll also admit that you get very, very excited when I watch sports like most guys do.
So what if my Johnson gets hard because I watch guys and tight pants chase a ball around?
Why wouldn't it?
That doesn't mean I'm gay.
In prison, everybody knows that it's the guy who takes it that's gay and not the guy who's doing the screwing.
Sure.
It's in the manual.
White laugh and try to say this makes a guy gay.
No, I wouldn't say that, but I'm telling you that in prison, it's understood the guy who gives it is still straight.
End of story.
I learned this fact while I was in prison.
Oh, and it goes on.
On.
Yeah.
Oh, that's settled.
This thing was on forever.
I'm glad to clear this up and set the record straight on this.
This is the biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, his new projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports lead.
The best talent.
It's the big O or Landu-Elzoguerri.
Afternoon to the four.
Sport Radio 560.
QAM.
The sports.
You're gay.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
The sports.
I don't think I ever play that.
Did you?
Never heard it before in my life.
And it's okay.
It's not great.
I mean, it's no Jonas brothers, but then again, what is?
That was up eight points.
I know is that a bad term to call the Saudi sand monkeys with epibad?
Probably.
Oh, too bad.
Sand monkeys.
Oh, you hear the sirens?
They're coming.
As soon as I said that, they're coming to take me away.
That's because we got all these terrorists in my building.
Good God.
47.95 for oil.
It was down to like 41 something the other day and all of a sudden it's making a comeback.
They just keep manipulating it, manipulating it, and you know what happens when you keep
it.
Oh, and the loonies of the 82 sent not good.
Oh, worse, I'm held for my good friend Maria B when I need it.
How are we doing on the stuff there?
17.
16.
16.
All right.
You load 16 tons.
And what do you get?
We got 16 certificates left from marinos outstanding restaurant in the shops at sunset
place in Miami.
Sunset drive.
57.
I want to be exact.
Well, that's like my old Kendall stopping grounds.
Yep.
You know what else used to be there on sunset?
The first Godfathers.
Oh Godfathers with that the manager was that young kid, have you?
Oh, baby.
Yeah.
It would be a treat to eat at Godfather.
It was great.
Now, I wonder why that never made it big in well, what am I asking?
It was too good like Vick and herbs, you know.
I mean Godfathers is still in business right?
Isn't Omaha their headquarters?
Google Godfather's pizza and see if it's still it's got to be still around if they're
still at his.
It's the best if you buy the his get gas and the car and gas in your ass.
Godfather.
Remember when they brought it in that time?
Yep.
Good.
Good.
Good stuff.
Still around.
Godfather.
But it's out for like, we don't like it.
It's, I don't know.
It's not for Cubans.
It's not for Jews.
I don't we don't like it.
It's for anybody who's got good taste.
That's what it's for.
It's good stuff.
Godfather's.
And you know what else used to be there and at same strip shopping wall on sunset?
Delt.
No.
No, there was adults, but none in that strip shopping center.
There was a Taco Viva or Taco Ola.
I'm not sure what would the squeeze cheese, you know, with that real oil.
Those burritos with the squeeze cheese and onions.
God, I love that.
Mmm.
Taco Viva, I believe it was.
So many good places and long gone.
Boomers says FYI, I used a Newman Omni directional microphone and real soft tissues to capture
whatever I have may have left in my nostrils this morning.
Happy blowing.
George has the real somewhere of that other effects.
Is this a real person?
Yeah.
Boomer.
He's the guy that we always go through this.
He sent us the Larry Wigs out thing.
No, did he?
Well, back.
Yeah.
It says, if Joyce doesn't know his blow, that's real.
The nose knows, baby, so don't be doing this ass blow.
Okay, Joyce?
The nose blows.
Yeah.
And so does the ass.
So that was a 14.
Let's just keep giving that number over and over drive everybody nuts.
Oh, we can't stand it.
The pressure is 16 left.
Why, why we get down like about 10?
Then I'd have confidence we're going to sell them all out.
Not that it makes a difference.
Does it make a big difference if we sell them all out or not?
No.
No.
I mean, it would be nice.
And I will.
Huh?
We will.
It would be nice like the old days when we sold them out like a minute.
And when everybody had a lot of money and stuff like that.
Now everybody's broke.
That's why I took a clock.
I'm going to go make me some money.
You don't believe me doing it.
Well, you're going to hope too.
I hope.
I'm going to try.
And hopefully there won't be any obnoxious Russian women there,
loud mouth screaming.
Hey, Doris.
Estet A.
Oh my God.
Jesus, I'm sitting right here, lady.
Can't you tell you're screaming in my ear?
You nasty crazy old bitch.
Jesus.
Here's one from Mike who says, Drew Rosenhouse sucks.
Tell us something we don't know, Mike.
It's good to email though.
I was stuck in traffic this morning.
And this is what I heard on the Joe Road show.
And Drew Rosenhouse, Dean Cranesburg, was on.
Do you think anyone that has a life cares about the following?
One, Drew has a date coming up this weekend
with a local dentist from Aventura.
Yeah, I wonder what his name is.
Two, Drew dated a playboy center,
field, center, fold in the past week.
He says they did not click.
So he moved on.
Three, Drew dated a young Jewish girl
and his mother introduced him to this past week.
Four, Drew dated a local realtor in the past week,
who's in her 30s.
Five, Drew is going to T.O.'s birthday party Monday night
to score some new tale.
And six, Drew has a fantastic relationship with his father.
And Mike says, Jesus Christ, is this what sports holds
find entertaining?
No, it's not, which is why our audience is vanishing
like flies from a Schmidt pile.
Wow.
Drew Rosenhouse.
He is an evil doer.
Alice Marvez, Drew Rosenstein Cranes.
I were a windbag.
And who's the other one they always have on?
Kirk, Kirk, Jrk Street.
Evil doers destroying, you know,
it wasn't bad enough that clearance got all these
the stiffs under before on a Kenny and Blow Morning show.
That wasn't bad enough.
Now we got a whole new group of stiffs.
Drew Rosenhouse self promoting Jackass.
He's no Jimmy siphilitic, but yeah,
let's put him over on Jimmy show.
What do you say?
12 were down to now.
See we'll get these out this hour.
Right?
Yep.
Hundreds, a lot of certificates, man,
especially when our audience is down to about 50 people
and when nobody's got any money too.
Bad things are bad, baby.
He don't have new projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We dim morning seven o'clock.
Where South Florida sports always matters.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
At the further reveal.
Buffalo still pucks.
Oh.
I have a blind date when I was 17.
She showed up wearing big old jeans.
And one pocket was silverware.
And all the phones she sounded so sweet.
But I could tell she really liked the heat.
Because she brought her along her own fridge.
She dared.
At the restaurant, she was my guest.
Looked at the menu and just said,
I guess she had a barbecue stand on all three chairs.
But who was it?
All of the girls it was sailing in.
She ate three prime rips like they was just a snack.
She didn't need a place.
She just used a drop.
She even ate potato cloth and I just did forget.
So, from that fat.
And she undid her pants.
And I thought that she was through.
And she got her second win.
And the shovel and resume.
She ate it's me.
I had a pound of corn.
She used her pants when she lost her four.
Her inside a beast and that fro easy.
And with every first she left behind a cloud.
I never heard anything that loud and I.
I just can't forget.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
I just can't forget.
So, that fat.
Oh, not so that fat.
1245 and 560 WQM.
I can see why I never used this before.
So, for that one cut.
But hey, listen, we never heard these before recently.
It's no jack in the box.
But then what is?
And it is most definitely no.
No.
It puts the large in the basket.
We're down to seven.
The Pacific is alleged.
Are you buying that, Chris?
Do you believe it?
I will find out soon.
We'll see you soon come back.
Because we were 60 and then it went back up to 19.
Now it's seven.
Yes, it's about 60 left.
We've had someone messing around.
Really?
Yeah.
Because there was like four or five would sell.
Then come inside of the comeback.
And then they'd be fine for about 10 minutes.
And they'd come back again.
Well, if Tick and I would stop trying to use this
Jordan Marsh card on there.
What do we got?
Still says seven.
O C F and O C F and.
I think that was our phone number at one of the stations.
WS News or I and Z.
O C and Luric can't you say.
O C F and O C F and C F and.
Can't stand that.
Oh, here's Brian who sent something from his iPhone.
The only problem is there's no message.
Hey, Brian, baby.
Thanks for the memories.
But there's no message.
To pull at neorogers.com.
There's no polar.
No nothing.
Another shame.
Try it again, Brian.
Oh, look, there's that T Lee, a by E floor to news crap again.
Delete, delete.
Wouldn't you like to know who the hell that isn't just?
Beat the crap out of them.
Yeah, I would.
I got some people on the list already.
My list is very full.
And let me tell you also Adam from a Waterloo kitchen or whatever.
Stop.
Stop.
Says what's the name of that really good deli by Abyn Tura?
Was it famous deli or something like that?
I've been mean to go for a long time.
Maybe I'll make it down this weekend.
He's going to make it down.
Thanks and I'll go away now.
Oh, thank God.
Good.
Adam.
Good life.
Go get a body lift.
Have them put like the thing with two heads.
Have them put rosy careers head on your body.
I'm going to send that to you.
Okay.
I mean, after jolly Joe Bell sent me the Jonas Brothers book.
Are you shocked and amazed and somewhat amused?
Not shocked.
Well, I mean, he's listening religiously to the show.
Well, somebody has to.
Great.
This is the joe Bell version of the Neil Roger show.
And he thinks it's just great.
Well, what did that note say?
Let me find the note.
Can't say I've never given you anything.
I have a great holiday season.
I'm looking forward to five more great years.
Joe.
Joe Mama.
And QAM Stationery, no less.
Wow.
I better frame that baby.
I'm looking at this one picture.
The brothers around stage here in concert.
And I'm not really sure if Joe has got his hand behind his back.
Back them or in his pants.
No, it's behind his back.
Maybe he's feeling his own.
Back them.
Maybe he's got his finger up his butt.
That's bad.
I bet you there's a lot of you.
A perverts out there would like to stick your finger up his butt.
Wouldn't that be bad?
For who?
For him.
Especially if they all did it at once.
Oh, man.
Talk about a cluster.
Crap.
How's Mr. Bluster doing, by the way, from the Howdy Doody show?
Prince of Summerfall, Winterspring, and Mr. Bluster.
How you doing, Mr. Doody?
When you stop, oh, and we're now we're down to five alleged.
We're down to five certificates.
You better grab them while they're hot while it's the lukewarm.
For Dan Marino's down in the South-Aid.
Godfather's Taco Viva, Norman Brothers Produce.
That's still there, right?
Hmm.
Wouldn't mean you don't get down there very often?
No.
Did you say Taco Viva?
Taco Viva or Taco Zoleia?
I'm not sure which one.
Why?
Taco Viva's long gone.
Yeah, I was going to say.
I'm going to say what?
Well, I'm talking about back in the late 70s, early 80s, for Christ's sakes.
Before life.
Oh, and so anyway, I've got a good one here from Carmelita.
Okay.
Carmelita.
I'm sorry.
Sorry, Carmelita.
I'm 19.
I've been listening to your show regular listens.
I was 18.
I listened to A.M.
because FM plays the same crap over and over again.
I have a few friends who listen to you too.
Keep it up, I'll go on the new ferry.
Ha ha.
Thanks, Carmelita.
Hussley.
Now this week.
Say it.
Now let's start, you know, hitting on Carmelita.
She's 19 years old.
Why not?
Same age as Joe Jonas, by the way.
See, nobody thinks that's perverted.
Some old pro like you hit on a 19-year-old chick who's weak.
And so is he.
That's right.
We looked at two of them up together.
Carmelita and Joe Jonas.
Because one of them is gay and one of them isn't.
Now, why do you say that he's gay?
No, no, no.
No, you hit none him.
Is gay.
Oh, that's why it's disgusting.
It's gross.
It is.
Ikey.
Yeah, see?
We got five left.
Let's sell them out this hour.
So we can take the pressure off.
Refreshing an end.
Still got five.
Still on the lies.
Well, like I said, times are tough.
I think it's pretty good.
We sold 95 so far this hour.
Not great, but pretty good.
The fake Barry Jackass says,
a member Fleetwood Mac Groover?
Yes.
Fleetwood Groover was the PD at the coast.
Yes.
It says, I just heard from Fleetwood Groover PD at 98.9WMMO.
He's looking at hiring Johnny Dork.
Oh, please get him away from us.
Where is WMMO?
Fleetwood says, hi, I says you remember him from the coast.
He was a good guy.
In fact, I remember when he left to a tearful farewell.
Do you remember that?
Didn't he go off to DC or somewhere?
Someone.
I'm pretty sure to DC.
Fleetwood Groover, Mac.
He was PD of how 105 back in those days and the coast.
I believe.
One knee?
Okay.
And that's when Johnny Dork was on the coast.
87 along the coast.
Reading the aligner cards.
Which he does so well.
At least he can read anyway.
I'll give that.
I can't give him much more than that.
Oh, you're not picking on me again.
Are you relentless son of a bitch?
Yeah, why not, Johnny?
It's fun.
It's fun.
They've hit me a lot of money to do this.
I can say whatever the hell I want.
And meanwhile, you send me these stupid emails.
And nobody even believes it's you anyway.
Here's one from somebody.
It says, have shot off Howard Stern last few days.
They're clenching over bubble leaving.
Is puke inducing.
Bubba's goober zoo is about as low rent as it gets.
And what one would expect to come out of Tampa?
He blows.
Huh.
A lot of hostility about Bubba to love sponge.
Poor idea.
Who's absolutely more clueless?
Oh, Jay.
Illinois Governor Blagojevich.
George Bush.
The big three automakers.
The American public.
I'll be honest to be added to Steven Jersey.
And keep the beaver bits coming hilarious.
Okay.
We'll keep the beaver bits coming.
Hey, Bive.
We still got those five left.
Boy, I sure wish we could sell those.
Maybe Georgia buy them.
That's all right.
So there was enough food for an army there.
Oh, yeah.
Here's one from Dick.
I'm a 40-year-old closet fat girl over the show.
Forget the Jonas Brothers.
Jesse McCartney is much hotter.
I agree with that.
Oh, and he's got some website here, which is no doubt
something pornographic.
Jesse McCartney, I would agree with that.
And he's like 21.
You know, he's like a real man.
Real young man.
Screamer.
Oh, here's Maria.
Hello, Mr. Rogers.
I sure hope you purchased the put contracts against the dollar or the call contracts against
the loony.
The loony is going up along with the year old gold, oil, and the Dow.
It's not too late to buy the market and diversify best regards to fake Maria B with the bags and the
eyes.
Yeah.
When's the jolly joke on giving my Jesse McCartney book?
Forget about the book.
Just send Jesse up here.
Okay.
Maybe I'll see if I can rekindle my, if I can remember how to do all those things.
Yeah.
Rekindle your spindle.
You just don't understand, man.
I'm 66 freaking years old, okay?
So what?
So I've just come, I'm mellowed my old age.
Maybe not.
Don't you know?
Maybe not with this book though.
There were the Jonas Brothers.
Maybe like the rekindle right.
There you go.
I'll feel like a, yeah, I doubt it though.
Here's one from Jimmy who says, perhaps how it's turned is getting so many searches on
the like was because people are trying to find out what time his show is supposed to
end.
Two and a three p.m.
He's still going anything else Robin, anything else Robin, anything else Robin?
Well, he's not all day is neon his own channel.
Over it, over it, over again.
And when I heard it wasn't worth hearing the first time that one day, but maybe it was just
a bad day, you know, you think?
No.
Must have been.
Maybe those months he was on the station.
It was just a bad few months.
Anything else Robin?
Here's one from George, who says, I agree with you, Neil, no need any longer to break
your back and stress your nerves for the beesleaves.
No need to prove yourself to no one.
The many years of the highest rating speak for themselves.
If management seems not to care so be it.
They cared enough to send me a Jonas Brothers book.
And if they really care, they'd send me Joe Jonas.
They put a big ribbon around him, around his ass and send him up here.
I and many others will keep on listening, your fan, for over 30 years, George the cop.
Thanks George.
How do you like that?
For how many years?
30 years.
He's been listening.
That's loyalty, man.
See that that's again, he's got no complaints, no suggestions, no critique, no way.
Go to serious, go to this, go to hell like that, you know, I'm going off of that, the
Neil deal page.
You keep your eye on it, Fetzal.
If by some chance, we'll do Rudy says Norman Brothers, 87th Avenue and 77th Street in
Kendall is still there and is still great.
It is great.
Norman Brothers proved us.
They used to be a sponsor mine back in the day when I had sponsors.
Remember those days?
Yep, you used to have a lot of them.
Like it was yesterday.
Yeah, you used to have a ton of them.
Norman Brothers.
Those were the days.
Those were good days on Kendall.
And then of course Kendall got like a little crime infested and a little bit, I don't know,
no speaking English here, no speaking English, kind of like my mini-mart across the street,
no speaking English.
In fact, the Chinese guy, he and his wife, on the convenience store by me, here, yeah.
And a couple days ago, I went in there.
I'm their best customer.
I go in there like two, three times a day because I'm too lazy to go to the regular supermarket
even though I got a whole bunch of them around me.
And I go in there and he's got a bunch of tin trays, aluminum foil trays, you know, like
you'd use for barbecue and your stuff, putting stuff in.
And he says to me, because he speaks almost nothing.
And the interesting thing is he's listening to the audio disc, how to learn English and
he's reading the Chinese newspaper at the same time, which I don't think is a good step
in the right direction.
But anyway, he says to me, this cool, cool, cool, cool, COAL, cool.
I said, no, I said, coal is like charcoal for starting a fire like, oh, and then he
had a broad, finally, after I told him about 10 times and he explained to him, he went
in the back and brought out a big bag of charcoal.
I said, yeah, that's cool.
Oh, no speaking English.
He said, my English not very good.
No speaking English.
Mr. Businessman.
The best talent.
People who are new projects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
Don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that
one to two while.
This week it's Classics Week on Dub Theater.
Monday night at 9.
It's Rocky in French.
Your agent.
A bullay bull cooze, a back moire.
A what?
Tuesday night.
Plenty's hood is dirty Harry in Polish.
Shiro Babu 44 Magnemski.
Glowski Hetski.
Klinowski.
Wednesday.
Katherine Hepburn stars in the Academy Award winning on Golden Pond in Japanese.
Don't moron, I got don't know, man.
You aren't poop assas.
Thursday night.
Thrilled to the original Star Wars in Canadian.
Look.
Feel the far end.
Listen to that osu.
Join the dark side of the A.
And Friday.
It's one of the most beloved American musicals ever.
West Side Story in Navajo.
Maria, I just met a girl in Maria.
Suddenly the name will never be the same.
So tune in for Classics Week starting Monday right here on Dub Theater.
Oh, look at that.
There's a note from Jolly Jobelle on the back insert on the book.
It says, I've been looking and searching and just I don't want you to be too disappointed,
but come to fight out.
Joey Jonas is hung like a mosquito.
I don't like that.
He's been looking and searching searching so long.
Maybe the last part.
I've got some good news though.
Okay.
I've got some great news.
Godfather's lives in South Florida.
Somebody sent me this.
Now what's wrong with the rest of you people out there?
My God, Joseph Salon Harry.
There's a whole bunch of men.
They're like the real stores.
Yep, there are.
These aren't the Hess ones.
These are like real Godfather stores like storefront.
Real, remember going to the Godfather you were talking about when I was in the 80s?
What a treat.
Here's where they still exist in South Florida.
And I Googled it myself just to make sure there's a whole bunch of them.
8190 Southwest 40th Street in Miami.
I don't want to read the whole list.
It'll take till the end of the show.
Miramar Parkway, Biscayne Boulevard.
114-01 Biscayne.
150-79-3 Causeway, North Bay Village.
4-1-50 Stabler with 7-Cruel Springs.
My God, they're in West Palm Beach.
I don't know if it's going to be Boulevard and Lake Worth, two of them.
Oral Springs, Palm Pino Beach.
All over the place.
Now that's good news.
Yes, no.
It is good news.
Sorry I was spitting in the garbage can.
We still got those five certificates left by the way.
Four.
Four.
Okay.
Slowly but surely.
Three.
Really?
Well, I don't know.
C.E.I.
Here's one from the fake Johnny Depp, who says,
Bonjourney, I haven't talked to you in a long time.
I was reminiscing the other day about my appearance on the radio station Zeta with you.
I remember you kept staring at me.
That made me a little uncomfortable.
It was the best when my aunt and cousins called in.
And they were like,
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
How can I care!
I don't know!
How often hunt down!
placed and say we don't know.
about for years. Yes, but I guess it's a midlife crisis. How long does that last?
The midlife crisis. How long? How many years?
Yeah. Third man. He's bomb. Did you hear about the congressman's disputing Obama's citizenship?
Well, guess what? They already threw that out. So quick to wasting your time.
They already threw it out. No movie coming out tomorrow. Doubt about a priest in the Bronx.
Phil Pseymour Hoffman trying to upend the Catholic school to the strict customs.
The first black students been accepted into the school. And the principal,
Merrill Streep believes that the priest is paying too much personal attention to the new student,
threatening to tear apart the church and school with dire consequences, etc. I don't like that.
Doubt. Well, someday we'll see it. No doubt. What do you think?
Someday. Here's the full result. 409 vote. What's your favorite thing to do behind the steering
wheel wild driving? Listen to radio 132. Listen to music 72. Top open a cold 147. Dig one out of your
nose. 47. Pass some serious methane gas 36. Smoke a fully blunt 31. Masterbait 27.
Phone chronic. Phone a chronic four. Watch TV three. Find a self-help cure for your
sonility three. Text a chronic three. Eat your boogers three. Put makeup on man or woman one.
Yeah, I agree with that. The emailer who said about the Jonas Brothers having just
tons and tons of pancake makeup, but don't all great recording artists do that?
No, all performers on stage. They don't they don't have tons and tons of pancake makeup. Not all. No.
That was a 12.98. Not too thrilling. Yeah.
Yeah. Blue easy. Two cents. I don't want to pee on your parade, but yeah, because it's been a
pretty amazing day so far and I'm not spectacular but pretty good. No, it's been fine. We had the food.
Yeah, you had the food. How many do we still got four left for our marinos? Two. Two. Wow. Oh my god.
Oh my god. Wow. We only got a small pair left. Kind of like Joey Jonas, a small pair. I don't
think he's got any pair. I think he's just an old smoothie, a young smoothie.
Stick it in the blender and enjoy yourself a nice smoothie.
Cute. What? Nothing. What's wrong with that?
Nothing. Stick his ass in the blender. Yeah. And blend it and blend you up some lunch.
I'm thinking about lunch right now as a matter of fact.
The biggest name. The best talent. You know, if you know Roger, you'll find sixty QAM. I think fourth leader.
Yeah. The biggest names. The best talent. It's the mad dog. Yeah, man.
Yeah, man. It's afternoon. It's port of heaven. Sports radio. Five sixty QAM. The sports leader. Holy
mackerel. This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
hockey authority. Neil God. Emerald LaGazza here. Welcome to Emerald Live. We've got 20. A great
holiday foods. Melted down some butter. See that? Uh-huh. And I had a little bang bang. Hold on.
That's pot. Yes indeed. Oh, that's a lot. The average is one pound of pot per person. That's
insane. I know it sounds crazy, but trust me. Well, and what we're going to do is we're going to
toss this with a little butter. Right. 350 degrees. It's about six or eight minutes. I'm going to taste
this very delicious. Whoa. Got that right. You'd be happy. That's awesome. It's like pot brownies
without the brownies. What a culinary genius. All the shows will be doing it. I want to see
Regis High. Regis and Barbara Walters mudwrestling in diapers. I remember LaGazza. See you tomorrow,
everybody. Happy holiday. Oh, look at that. We're sold out unofficial. Is it official or unofficial?
Tubby unofficial. But we're sold out. It says in other words, we got
this make sure August or they what? Make sure there's no fakers.
Looks like we sold a hundred or pretty close anyway, but it says sold out.
I'm thrilled. I am pleased this punch. I told you this is going to be a great day in your
back. That. No, in fact, I just got invited during the last break to go get some lobster ravioli for
lunch. So I guess we'll buy and can wait till the later. He'll still be there.
So they'll still have all those machines and the best part of the deal is it's Thursday. You
know why that's good? Why? Because it's never busy on Thursday at any of those places. You
want to tell me why? Why? Because everybody gets paid on a Friday. I see. So my Thursday. Oh no.
No, no, no, no, didn't. They broke his hell. Not good. Not good for them, but good for me.
I like it when it's real quiet there like real early on a Saturday morning or a Sunday morning.
In spite of what Tubby there says, I think Tubby needs to consult with a quarter schlock guy.
Oh, let's take some calls. What do you say? No, not.
What? What are you sniggering about? Oh, Chris made a funny face. I got some very bad news.
I got it. No, I do radio death.
Wait. I don't know if this is before your time or not. I'm sure it is.
Jerry Sullivan. Name sounds familiar. From IOD. Sounds familiar.
Jerry Sullivan, J-E-R-E by the way, is how he spelled it. I'll take a little story about
Jerry and the only. I mean, now that he died, I don't want to say anything bad about him, but I will
anyway. He was a big fan of mine. Too big of a fan. Okay. I'll tell you what. In fact,
when he used to be the PD before I came to before they heard Bill Wise, Bill Notzer Wise,
he was the PD who got canned. And what they did was instead of firing him, they demoted him to
driving the overnight news. Oh, that's where I heard the name. You've got it. That's right.
This is the way it works in this business. Oh, we're not going to fire you. We're just going to
like demote you. So obviously you're going to quit. Just like I thought I would do when they
cut the salary and have oh, Neil's going to get out of here. Surprise. If I would have bailed out,
I would have never got this great nifty book from Jolly Joe about the Joe Jonas. What a bonus to get
Joe Jonas. That's what I want my thanksgiving my Christmas stocking. Yeah, Joe Jonas. Think it
fit in there. He weighs about eight pounds. Think I'm going to do it some Christmas stocking.
That sounds like a good idea. Jerry Sullivan, a program in Philadelphia in Miami was most recently
director of traffic operations at traffic.com has died of heart failure. After several years at NBC,
Jerry left New York for the sunshine of Miami. We spent many years programming a variety of
radio stations as well as running the radio network operations for the Miami dolphins and University
of Hurricanes in the eighties. Jerry program. I mean radio stations such as adult standards,
WCG and WYOR news talk sports WYOD and contemporary 97 a1 a. It's 87 along the a1 a way or well,
how do I have it? Whatever they say, oldies magic and soft AC WJQY and WTPX soft AC.
And now he's dead. You don't want to think about Jerry? What? Fat. Not real gigantic fat.
You know, not like you're a kid. What? You don't have to be. He was tubby enough. He was fat and he
died of heart failure. The old heart just couldn't keep pumping that blood anymore. So let me tell you
a little story. He was a big fan of mine. And once in a while, he would like stand in a control room
and watch the show. Okay. Which I don't have a problem with that. I'm not that crazy about
the lead Alex Bennett, the live studio audience, you know. And this one particular day was a day I
mean from hell. Remember some of the days we had down on the first floor on this station
when I played music because we couldn't get any calls and then we found out that the phone
wasn't working. Remember that? Yes. And so I would just get so exasperate I would play music.
Well, this particular day, speaking of Johnny Dark, the only call I was going to,
yeah, the fake cousin Brucey call over and over and over and that's all I can't believe it.
One or two other cranks. This is way before I'm your friend. We didn't have that invented yet.
I'm your friend. And so he stood in there for the entire show while I was suffering of fate
worse than that had to be one of the worst days I've ever experienced on the air in my life.
And he stood there and watched it. And I kept thinking to myself, Jerry, why are you doing this?
I know you love the show. You love me. Yadda, Yadda, that's great. Why are you doing this?
Right? Right. I mean, it's one thing to like pee in your pants or something but you don't want
somebody to stand around and watch it. Right? Right. Right. So he's dead. It was to show you,
you messed with me and someday you're going to die. All you people out there over the years who
messed with me in any way, shape or foam someday you're going to die. You're going to pay for it.
And I'm still here. I'm still here. By the way, JYRO, whatever you're in a real,
do you're a deleted? Just go away. Deleted and second time deleted. Blocked, deleted.
Gone. And once you're gone. So is that official or what on these certificates?
One just came back. Oh, one. We got one. Grab it now. Why do you got a chance for marino? It's
a save a couple of bucks these days, man. It's a real bonus. Ram's with Jonas.
I think we're going to take a couple of calls here because I think we're run dry on emails.
No, actually, I've got a few more here. Oh, I never got to this yesterday. Well, I don't want to go
into it. It's too serious. It's a holiday, man. People want to lighten up. Joe, the plumbers says,
McCain made me feel dirty and said, Sarah was the real thing. Oh, this lung can.
Lung can that the real Joe, the plumber, the picture, the plumber. Now, this is the real Joe,
the plumber. Dirty is the word Joe, the plumber. Wurzel, Bocher used to describe how he
felt about being singled out by the candidate who made him famous in interview with conservative
radio on Tuesday. Wurzel, Bocher told radio host Glenn Beck, Ram's with Drek. He felt dirty
after being on a campaign trail and seeing some of the things that take place. Wurzel, Bocher said he
was unhappy with some of the answer Senator John McCain gave about the bailout. I asked him some
pretty direct questions. Some of the answers you guys are going to receive. They appalled me.
Absolutely. I was angry. In fact, I want to get off the bus after I talked to him.
Asked why he stuck by McCain's side despite being appalled by the candidate, he said,
honestly, because the thought of Barack Obama as president scares me even more.
Nuckelhead, Redneck, Yahoo. Wurzel, Bocher, Red, nothing but praise for his running rate.
Alas, he got to Sarah Pailin. Sarah Pailin is absolutely the real deal. He said with Sarah,
I don't want to say I felt a presence, but she definitely had energy and she definitely wanted
to go to work for the American people. And it disgusts me how often they try to bash her just
for her sincerity. It's just, you know, she really wants to work for America. And I mean, I wish I
would people would listen to her and let them let her work for us. You know, she wants to serve
her power. She's not looking for power. Right. Wow. She wants to serve.
Maybe some wall-eyed pike. Maybe she gave him something that's why he said that.
Yeah. Maybe she gave him some and believed me. That's not what she was serving.
She was serving pie. I can't say what kind. Moose? No. So what's the deal? We got that one left
or is it gone? Still there. Oh, no. Come on now. We're on a verge of greatness here. We got one
certificate left for marinos and it's still there. And I got no emails about Godfathers.
These are freestanding buildings. These are the real deal, the real deal. Whatever happened to him,
by the way, he thanked God he's gone. The thousand on sixteen. He's gone. Yes. The real deal. Now,
what was that all about? Some kind of a scam that managed to go in on a weekend or what? He,
no, he bought that time. Yeah. It was his show. He did? That guy. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm not a real big fan. I know that times are tough in this business, tougher than ever before,
probably. But I'm not a big fan of people who have to buy their way on the year. You know what I mean?
Well, he was as opposed to a want to be talk show host. He was just a guy with a business that
wanted to do his own info commercial. Just, just, just, just, just, just, just tell me what your problem is.
Let me say that again. When guys have to buy their way on the year, I mean, everybody's got to
eat out of living somewhere, you know? Can you say ego? Oh, Mr. This guy said, I mean, he could be a nice guy
and then he just turn around and be a full-on nice guy. Hey, watch what you're saying. He might be back, Chris.
Yeah, that's, I'm gone. Remember? Oh, that's what you're talking about.
What a real deal. Oh, that guy. Was he a nice guy? He tried to act like it on the air, but he was
kind of a jerk to the producer. Really? Working the show. Yeah. The real deal. He couldn't even say it.
If you're going to have a show, you should at least be able to pronounce the name of the show. It's like Tom Broko with NBC and I
I don't know. You know, I couldn't even say nightly news for crying out loud. I only use what is that?
Sounds like a guy who can't speak to me.
But then again, with all the dumb jocks that are on the year all across the country, well, you know, we got Shanell.
Till the day they stick me in the ground, I'm going to wonder how that's possible. Who he's got naked pictures of?
Jimmy Johnson, you think that's possible? Anything else? I'm getting no input whatsoever. None about Godfathers. Not the movie. The pizza.
Here's boomer is back again. Your buddy. I have no idea who he is. Have I met this guy? He's been to appearances. I'm sure you have. I think you actually worked in the same place for a while. He keeps reminding you.
We've worked in the same place. I think that's what he says.
The boomer years ago. Yeah. I don't know. He'll tell you. He says, wow, I'm a little stun. Jerry was the guy that gave me my early chance back in 1970.
W E R A Plainfield, New Jersey. Wow. And you're right. He was fat then too. Fat all his life.
Let's give some advice, some life saving advice to Jolly Joe Bell. Lose some weight, Joe. I got to do it too. Although I am having
lobster ravioli for lunch and text mex appetizers. What do they call those things?
High-tracks rules. Hmm. For those are good. All carbs, by the way. Nothing lots to roll. The lobster ravioli to
except for the lobster part. Then that sounds good. It is good. Let's say we're not sad with the no-carb and the red.
Lunch you had. Did we sell that one certificate yet or not? Not yet. No, what? You're lying. You're making it up. I wish.
436 votes on the poll. You're not going to make no 500 again today. But then again, every day that it gets closer and closer.
Oh, here's part two from Dick Weinstein. I sent you an email before and you didn't read it all because I made the email too long.
No kidding. It was like a freaking not wasn't an email. It was a book.
I really wanted to hear your opinion the rest of what I had to say. This is where you left off. It's all clean and can be said on the air. Well, great.
You think he's making this all up? Yes. Just recently I was at work and was appreciating the set of a co-workers backside as he was walking away from me.
And somebody else noticed me doing this because I was making thrusting motions with my hips is often do when I see an ass I like. Oh Richard, I got two words for you. You failed. That's it.
He makes a thrusting motion with his hips. What a screamer Richard is absolutely screaming. I was spotted doing this.
Another guy worked to me kind of funny. Ask me what I was doing. I explained him. I found out the guy who takes it in the is gay.
And the guy who gives it is not. I learned this in prison. He just keeps repeating the same thing over and over and over again.
I also explain I like to look at other guys ases, especially if they have tight pants on or doesn't make you gay.
And I explain to him. He understood exactly what I meant. Oh, yeah, I think all straight guys want to look at some guys as I'm not gay like you.
Neil because I don't go to gay bars. I would never. Yeah, and either to why but giving it out to him keeps repeating the same thing over and over and over and over and over and over again.
I know in my hearts of hearts and my head hits the pole. I sleep easy knowing that in the eyes of God. I'm still not gay in the eyes of God.
Those are the facts and glad you let me clear this up. Holla back yo yo yo. Let's rap. Let's rap. Mo. Yo yo yo. Let's rap. Mo. This is an idiot. I'm blocking him. He's a moron.
He's a moron and you fairy that too. But very creative. Yeah. Well, the whole thing is made up. Come on. Are you being a skeptic again? Come on.
Yes. The best talent.
You don't have to go.
You can't afford to pay me a five sixty Q. A. M.
The fourth later.
So.
The best talent.
It's the D. A. Joe.
We're not pretty.
You're on.
4405.
60 Q. A. M.
The sports.
Look it and stick.
Millions all over Europe have already thrilled to his magical music.
And now he's coming to America.
Rapco records proudly introduces Zim far master of the slide whistle.
Now share with that special someone the sensual sounds of the romantic slide whistle.
Yes, it's Zim far master of the slide whistle.
And if you act now, you'll also receive Zim far out slide whistle hits from the sixties.
What if he's our limited so order now Zim far master of the slide whistle and Zim far out available only on a track tape.
Oh 131 and 560 W. M.
We haven't even looked at the schedule yet today.
One is wrong with you.
My God.
That's what they listen for.
Yeah, big O at the Carolina ale house at two.
Geldy at four.
No mad dog.
They we got guilty for the seven.
Oh, and then the B seven and nine.
Oh, oh.
And then high school grid.
I report nine to 10.
The 10 to midnight.
The after at least six hours of dead air.
Poor DA.
How's he handling this?
Is he do you know him at all?
I don't say very much.
What about you?
Fat son.
Some Sunday.
How's he handling the trauma?
Actually, who's more outraged that they got rid of my position than what's going on to him?
Really?
Well, good for him.
Hey, and we're officially sold out.
Officially sold out.
We sold that last one.
Nice go on.
What was that gun?
Here's to another one from Barry Macockner.
He says this obsession with the Jonas Brothers, which I don't have an obsession, by the way,
at all.
Is reminded me of the obsession you had with the backstreet boys in the late 90s.
I think you even had some of the backstreet boys in the studio for a brief interview.
Yes, I did.
I had Kevin and.
AJ howie who?
AJ.
I don't know.
Kevin and AJ.
That's right.
AJ ugly tattooed.
Did not have Nick or Kevin or a Brian.
Was this the last interview we had to live in the studio?
No, it was not.
The last interview.
I didn't know it was an interview.
They happen to be in a building for like power 96 and somebody told me, hey, the backstreet
boys in the building.
So somebody went and slept and got a couple of them brought them to the down for the second
floor.
Remember that?
Yep.
You may want to invite Joe Jonas up to Toronto.
So you can interview him in your underwear.
Hot.
This is very.
Hot.
Hot my ass.
Very.
Talk about.
I have no life.
Of course, if Nick Lawrence from our producer, he'd have Joe Donas in here tomorrow.
Nick.
Well, maybe I could take some lessons from Nick Lawrence, what and how to smell good.
Or from Bob a booey like that guy keeps saying, yeah, Bob a booey could give George some
lessons and be a good producer.
That's right.
We can get what's his name on here?
John Stamos.
You know, you talk about yesterday's news.
You know, I know he keeps popping up in these different shows and so on, but he is Johnny
Stamos is so yesterday's news.
Am I right?
Uh, okay.
Yeah.
Blacky.
And then what was that sitcom he was on that lasted about five minutes.
You're the only one that ever brings them up.
Full house.
Was that it?
See, Chris knows.
He knows his Johnny Stamos trivia.
I thought I'd put up a lot of kids and everything.
What?
With kids and stuff like that?
I don't know.
I don't watch those shows.
You're asking me.
You're the one that said it.
And then you're asking me like, I'm supposed to give you a rub down.
Well, they'll never ever know.
Come on is a full house and now he's on the yard.
And he was on general hospital.
He was blacky.
Old, old news.
John Stamos.
Oh, but Howard had a bond and had him talk about his penis.
And yeah, great.
I'm sure he's got one.
Fred Souther says, hey, Neil.
I just started listening to you.
They heard you bitching about not getting emails about Godfathers.
I don't know what you're looking for.
But we do have a Godfather's here in Gainesville.
But I'm looking for his people who actually eat there and rave about it or don't like it or whatever.
He doesn't know what I'm looking for.
It's pretty much like the ones they used to have in South Florida.
I used to go to the one on South thinks you how many years there is says Fred.
They do have a pizza buffet too.
Godfathers.
One interesting twist.
One of the co owners is a former city commissioner here who tried running for a county commission to see.
He claims he's a Democrat.
It refuses to support any policy left of a till of a hunt.
One hell of a guy's you can tell.
That's all I got is Fred.
That's enough.
It's all I'm not looking for a life story.
I'm not looking for like a whole Godfather's saga.
I'm just looking to for you know, for people that know that it's there and they eat there.
And I've been asking about this for a long time and you say, oh yeah, the one with the a hesitation is that this has got nothing to do with the hesitation.
Because if you get a rule list, it'll show you like, you know, convenience store only and they don't have like the full menu in yada.
But like the free standing stores is like the old Godfathers used to be excellent.
No gas station.
I mean, you might get some gas there, but and they have the pizza buffet and like that.
They have dining buffet, carry out and a convenience store is limited menu.
Yeah.
And looks like it's everywhere.
It's all it's amazing to me how these people who are blocked don't know that they're blocked.
Idiots.
Part of the fun, isn't it?
What?
It's part of the fun, isn't it?
No, it is.
They're wasting their own time and not yours.
That's correct.
And boy, that that full delete work so fast delete delete delete block delete delete.
It's really sweet to delete.
Especially a moron range of ranges ranges ranges.
One of the main is you suck you fag, you know, like that very clever morons.
So many morons and so little time shocking to that was down 15 points, 17 points.
448 votes on the poll.
You know, if really really would have pushed for it, we could have made 500 again today with a brand new poll that started right at 10 o'clock.
We had it been great.
Yep.
How much is jolly joebell would have sent me the naked Jesse McCartney album with that, but we didn't do it.
We did sell out the certificates though.
And we got another one for next week.
That must have slipped by the redneck sales manager.
The fact that we got two weeks in a row, we got something on here.
Can you say sandbag, do you do do you do you?
Yeah.
451 vote on there.
What's our goal?
475?
I think 453.
4...
Let's have some of the shoot for, man.
Oh, yeah.
Got some very bad news, even worse than Jerry Sullivan croaking.
Didn't say how old he was, by the way.
Didn't say very much.
Fans bid farewell to Polaroid film.
And guess what's in this book that jolly joebell sent me?
Polaroid?
A whole bunch of them.
Here's one that says rock and I saw the C.K.I. in.
I thought it said something else.
The Polaroids.
Documenting our time on the road that began to take on a whole new meaning when we bought a Polaroid camera that was for sale in our hotel before doing a show in theapolis.
Isn't that exciting?
And you ought to see the quality of the pictures too.
Just what you'd expect from a Polaroid.
Yes.
Yazy and blurry and crap.
Since I began our archiving days, weeks and months on the road.
I took photos every single day, sometimes just occasionally.
This is all, and here's one of their hands with a bunch of skittles in their hand.
Isn't that something you would take a Polaroid off?
A bunch of skittles in somebody's hand?
Sure.
That's them.
No, we should have these things called digital cameras now.
Maybe they can't afford that.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe they had it by a used old Polaroid.
Maybe you can send the Jonas Brothers some money, Tubby, since you seem so interested.
I'll get right on it.
But every day for a year, Tasty willess looked for an eye catching photo subject, a ballerina,
a rocker dude in the bookstore or three-order latest from the Red Hat Society.
She allowed herself one shot each day with only one piece of instant film.
But halfway through that year, Willess abruptly took the money she'd save her down payment on a car,
and bought every piece of Polaroid film she could find.
Why?
Because the Polaroid Corporation answered would stop making instant film.
And without it, her project, day by day, Polaroid would never be complete.
60 years after Polaroid introduced its first instant camera,
the company's iconic film is disappearing from stores.
Oh, my God.
Although Polaroid's hit the film should be available into next year,
this is the final month of its last production year.
What are we going to do with no Polaroid film?
Use their digital cameras?
Come into the 21st century, maybe?
Yeah.
Eclipsed by digital photography, Polaroid's white-ported prints,
and the anticipation they created is their ghostly images.
Gradually came into view.
We'll soon be things of the past.
From David Hockney's famous Polaroid again,
art composition to the line,
shake it like a Polaroid picture from outcasted.
Hey, yeah, yeah.
Polaroid instant film is embedded itself in pop culture.
The public's reaction to Polaroid's announcement reflects that.
Blogs lament the loss.
Polaroid fan groups are formed on Facebook.
On Amazon.com.
What?
Sorry.
Sorry, Charlie.
Oh, get lives.
The Latia.
On Amazon.com, a four pack of 10 exposures
is selling for $64 nearly a buck 64.
What?
Are you making light of Polaroid?
Yeah.
Good.
Sucks.
The announcement hit Willis and artist in LA,
especially hard to begin her day by day Polaroid project in June 2007,
and still had four months to finish.
I really freaked out when they came out with a memo, she said.
Her project, a book manuscript waiting for a publisher,
contains 365 photos accompanied by related songs, movies, and quotations.
iryport.com.
Iry.
What?
You said Iry.
Learn more about Willis's pro-os if you want to.
We don't care.
I mean, if she's that stupid, if that's what her life is all about,
there's a bunch of ugly nasty ghostly Polaroid photos.
How about pulling the brains out of she has it?
I have no life.
That's what she's trying to tell us.
What biggest name?
The best child.
He's the biggest man.
The best child.
He's the biggest man.
The best child.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
He's the biggest man.
Gordon Lightfoot sinks Christmas.
Oh, he sets a canoke.
14 to 2 at 560 W.A.M.
What a day this has been, huh?
Sure.
A better day.
Oh, been okay.
All right.
Scott is stuck in Hell in Pinellas Park.
And he says, the only Godfather is here in the Tampa Bay area.
Are the ones at the Hestations.
I think you're wrong, Scott.
Unless that thing, I, now maybe that Google thing I did was old.
Could that have been an old page?
It's possible.
Oh.
Let me look.
Maybe all of those.
What do you mean it's possible?
Here's one on North Bay Causeway.
Okay.
It's got a picture of the one with all the lettuce.
That's the Mexican one, I believe.
That's one of my favorite.
It's got all the different kinds.
It's got a guy who looked up dressed up in a.
Mafio, see suit store locator.
And there's, there's the store.
No, it says copyright 2008.
Godfather's pizza.
How do you like that?
And these people are like from the land of the lost.
They don't know from no Godfather.
Oh, here's one from Jim and Kim.
First, the good news.
There are some real Godfather's pizzas around Knoxville's got one.
But the bad news done here in South Florida.
All of the ones here listed with a convenience store.
No, it's not.
It says there at Hestations have been to the one on Bird Road 82nd Avenue.
It was okay.
But not like the real Godfather used to be sorry to spoil your day.
How is that possible?
I just got through looking at it and said copyright 2008.
Godfather's.
Are they real?
Are they gone?
Are they here?
Store locator.
And it shows the ones that have got like the real, the full menu and the buffet and a whole deal.
And then it's got a picture of them.
Maybe this is, I don't know.
Maybe it's past say.
Maybe it's a BS.
Or maybe you people just aren't scouring for Godfather enough.
Think that could be it possible.
Well, this is an ass-simile I have to finish tomorrow, I guess.
Anyway, Scott says the ones here in Tampa Bay are at the Hestations.
Not the best pizza to Salty.
And I believe they're though as appreciated before it's sent to each Hest outlet.
I usually avoid chain outlet pizza, anyway, with the exception of gummies.
I never heard a gummies, did you?
Not the pizza, no.
I've heard a gumby, but not gumby pizza.
And by the way, who stole the pizza?
Huh?
Do do do do do do do.
Now, here's a story that somebody faxed in.
Prized sock puppet, here's Confessions.
This is Filth of Alphia.
A Prized sock puppet has been caught secretly hearing confessions today
downtown Philadelphia Catholic Church.
The puppet introduced to the church during a homily six years ago by father Michael McBride
has recently become a mainstay of mass.
Father Doozy wears a Roman collar and speaks in a high pitched, shrill voice.
Often reminds everyone not to eat too much candy.
It's father Doozy.
I wonder.
Huh?
Better than father droopy.
I wonder if father Doozy knows the Scotty Matt.
I'm hyperventilating.
Talk about speaking in a high pitched, whiny voice.
Or maybe he knows Geltie.
He'll be on 4-7 this afternoon.
Oh, polluting airwaves all over South Florida.
Father Doozy would often be taken out of his drawer during a homilies, especially those sermons
which were focused towards children.
The kids love the puppets at Father McBride.
Look, our church has to stay relevant and Father Doozy helps us do that.
I guess he's a real Doozy.
Sometimes I bring out my guitar and me and Father Doozy sing duets of old Peter Paul and Mary songs.
But I change lyrics up a little to make the more hip.
The puppet confession scandal would seem to date back years as Father McBride said he actually
hasn't heard of him confession in six years.
I didn't think we did that anymore admit it to Father McBride.
I thought Vatican II did away with all that stuff.
With what stuff?
Sock puppets doing confession?
Used to be big in the middle ages, you know.
The priest assured parishioners that the confession's heard by Father Doozy are still valid though.
You know, it's like these people were talking to God and yet Father Doozy isn't really a priest
but as long as those people found truth and why Father Doozy said then that's cool.
Oh yeah, it's cool, you fool.
The local bishop put out a statement to parishioners.
If you confess your sins and the priests reached, whoa, that's a Doozy which is the puppet's catchphrase.
Then it was probably the puppet.
Or if your penance was three cartwheels and tripped a chucky cheese, then your confession was probably heard by a sock puppet.
Well, that's some punishment and tripped a chucky cheese.
Speaking of Godfather.
I don't think that whole thing is bogus.
I don't think those Godfather's really exist.
I don't know.
It goes to sure.
You can find outdated web pages on there and it looks like it's right there.
Oh, those clothes did a long time ago.
I don't know.
And nobody else seems to either.
Father McBride said the puppet would surely apologize to the congregation but not during the Hamili.
The Hamili is a little too important to interrupt said Father McBride.
Father Doozy will likely make an announcement right before communion.
Oh, I think it's perfect because the whole thing is for overgrown children.
Brainwashing, all this, all this chazarai, all this nonsense, all the ritual, all the foolishness.
Do you know what's a nice minus two?
Okay.
Well, Jim and Kendall says that they're not around and nobody is disputing him.
Nobody is denying that.
So I'm hoping that by the time I sit down here tomorrow morning there's going to be at least 500 reports, spy reports on.
Are there really, I mean, we know about the ones with the Hestation.
That's kaka.
That's the airs out.
It's not to be open.
That's right.
That's what it is.
In fact, my favorite is the kaka pie.
Really?
No.
Actually, in sunrise they have the autococca pie.
Oh, God.
Yes.
That's the one with corn.
No, yeah.
Twice eaten.
Twice shmat.
Easy to digest.
Oh, yeah.
You can gum it like the jello, like the jello with the seminal coconut creek.
Bring your glass and bring your polo then.
What a place.
Thanks again to jolly joebell for making it a wonderful holiday.
What a guy.
Now if he would just leave.
The biggest name.
The best town of people.
It is Neil Rogers.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
Weakly morning, seven of these.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sport.
Leader.
It's the...
In Miami town.
At 560 WQA.
Yeah.
Got a no big contract.
From each Canadian world.
The citizens too.
I ride.
Just like having their tools.
They're higher for killing.
Don't have to play by the rules.
Killin' women and children.
Blackwater, USA.
How about that Eric Red?
Yeah, great.
Yeah, the Prince of the Guides.
He's like a million top-downers.
Yeah, great.
He's like a million top-downers.
Yeah, great.
And how about that big dog, Joe Rose?
And I feel the time to say.
I just bring it away.
Little girl, smile.
Blackwater, USA.
They give us guns to shoot.
They burn you such a loose.
They can't do anything we want.
I'm not like the US troops.
We hire guys like you for guns.
That worship to make them a patriotic bloodshower.
Blackwater, USA.
John people holding their arms.
And sitting in their arms.
And those who tried to shoot.
They burn you.
They burn you.
You don't have to hurt all of us.
The rest of us will be the white night.
We're right in K-Com dealers.
Blackwater, USA.
We're very important to make it clear.
Blackwater, USA.
Blackwater, USA.
