New person this is okay
I'm not gonna talk about class that you are doing like you are
I'm not sure what
Class of war, I'm not afraid of it
The biggest name, post-dance
That's talent
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
My FIAM A for the Latter Day
The most important is you're listening to a lot of flotting
We still have the moral of the 12th or the UB
Then, crap
I know
Feel God out
Tell us what you pay for
Where the Faggot is
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelo Obama
Unless
Well thought fellow Riley's a prepare
Hey green tooth red neck
Pinky is green
You know they're not building what it is best
I want to go on a lynching party against Michelo Obama
Unless
Hang up
They feel a little Riley and hang up
A ride
Hang up from the highest tree
One less near country
One more time
Yeah
And sure
Well, a Riley ain't no done I miss
Only right wingers can say things like this
Frozen night battle bomb as well
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelo Obama
Unless
Hang up
Take the little Riley and hang up
I'll hang the bad ass from a tree
One less near country
Yeah
One more time
Yeah
I like the time to the back of my big old phone
And drag the face the ads down the gravel road
Take them when
Wretched dress still a favor of a brush off a gun of a bitch
Hang up
Take the little Riley and hang up
Hang up as wide ass from a tree
Let's see a con freaky
One more time
Yeah
One more time
One more time
Yeah
One more time
That's good let's play that all day from
Boy I play it twice
You did?
Yeah
I don't want to go on a lynching party
Well, I'm not in a row, you know
A couple hours later
I'll just play it all day
Sure, I gave it some space
Oh come on
In the twigs
Well, we got Chris back with us today
Fat Chris who had his wisdom pulled out
or something like that
Me happy
Why is it that man?
It wasn't so bad getting it done
It just yesterday
It was a pain
In Spain
What are reigns?
Resonates in your brain
George said they put you on a whole bunch of good drugs
Yeah, yeah, I hooked him with some viking him
Yeah, and
That's my first time doing it
They hooked him up with some viking
They hooked him on some viking
Yeah, they hooked him, yeah, you're hooked now
You're rushed
If you have the son of the pill popping
We don't have rush on that day
We got Chris popping a few vikas
All right, let's take all of your pool now
Let's cut the crap
Did Eric get my message about getting that new pool on there?
He must be working on it or maybe he just did not there
Is he in his window?
He is in the window
Yes
I'm sure I fact in that pool
It's the one about the oral sex again
Oh my god, anyway, here's the one from yesterday
The best ice cream brand is
909 so we'll get to that thousand pretty quick
So we're going to have to change the pool once we get to a thousand
How about the bacon flavored ice cream?
Hmm
Yeah, it might make you do that
The best ice cream brand
Benagery's wins in a glanslive man
275
Hagen does which is sometimes they got some good flavors
But it's too watery
You know what I mean when I say that, don't you?
I sure do
It's watery, right?
139 and especially when you like can nuke it like I do, I mean
First of all, there's no way if you go into convenience store and get a pint of ice cream
There's no way to eat it without nuking it
Correct, because it's like a block of ice
Right? Yes
Now probably when you go into your supermarket it's not like that because they have things you know
Temperature control a little bit better
But in the freezer and your neighborhood convenience store
I don't know, they got it like the end of the life
Like it is here now right now, minus 18
You know something it is so cold here now it's like the end of the world
Oh there's alley-felching on CNN, what a screamer
Anyway, it's like the end of the world here
Sunny, it looks really nice sitting here
Oh it's all the way up to minus 17 now
All right
It was minus 18 this morning, Celsius
And the windshield last night was minus 30
Do we have any idea how cold it is?
Like 10 below zero something like that
It was like the end of the world
And it still is, oh the windshield now is minus 25
But tomorrow we're going to get a little snow but all the way up to zero
All right
So things aren't as bad as they, you know
Anyway Ben and Jerry 275, Hogan does, Watery 139
That banana nut was great but like I said yesterday they stopped making it
I can't find it, I'm looking for it but I can't find it
Now I scream it, I heard you were a banana nut
I'm looking for it, I am a banana nut
I like the banana, I like the nut
Anyway girls, don't cream your 122
123, moved into a very respectable turd
I got to be very very honest with you
Being the kind of swear that I am of all kinds of ice cream
I think cold stone cream is as good as it gets
I don't think it gets any better now
Well looks like I'm going to have to go in there
You'll love it
In fact, you probably shouldn't go in there because then you'll get hooked and then you'll blame me
It's good stuff man
I bet you, Chris has had some
Cold stone I've been there twice
Right, you didn't like it?
No, it's very good, it's too good
So thankfully we don't have a lot of them down here
And it's kind of, it's you know, it's a two rich henna drive
It's very, I don't know if it's too rich but it is very rich
Eric got your new pole by the way
Animal Eric, you're the best man
There it is, no it says nothing to switch
He got it but he don't have it up there yet
Well if you can't get it up you certainly can't do what that pole calls you
But anyway, cold stone cream we stirred 123
Breyer is 103
And like I said, I said yesterday that I don't think I've had Breyers in a long time
I'm wrong because Breyers make some of these candy flavors, I'm pretty sure
Right? Right
But I don't know what they are
Publix 53, in fact maybe Breyer is makes score
Is it Breyers and Nestle? I don't know, maybe they both make it
Publix 53, I'm off of it though
What was the one that I was hooked on so big
Four or five years ago
Not fish? Nestle is turtle
Oh okay, I haven't seen that in a dog's age
How did you say that turtle in a dog's age
Nestle is turtle, I told you about my turtle when I was a little kid we had a little turtle called my turtle
And my mom threw it out, she thought it was dead
Right, she was just taking it in that thing
She's like a rip rip rip man, she just kills everything
Yeah, well now she's dead
Yeah, and so is Bill Buckley
Oh yeah, and my ring cold, that's right
I had a little part here
Oh yes you were, you were just not, you were not in it
I just still don't know who that is and I still don't care
Myron Cope, he was like the Johnny most of Pittsburgh football screamer
Whatever, whatever
Publix 53, bastard Robin's 47
Which I put right up there and it's just pretty damn good
Ead E35, oh, f***
You know I hate to say that because remember that nice guy from it worked for Ead E's
He used to bring his Nell to free ice cream all the time
I think going way back to IOD even
And I always rip him because I can't, I don't like the ice cream, I'm sorry
I'm not sorry, I just don't like, do you like Ead E's?
Whatever, no
Remember I can take her leave ice cream
That's not the question, Jesus K Christ made all of it
That's all I'm not a connoisseur, it's all of something you do
There are times you just wear me out
You just wear me out with us
We already know that, you've established me, you've said it
You've said it, how many thousand times do you say yesterday?
F***ing damn, you like it, I like it fine, I like it fine
Ead E's
Very Queen 29, now that's an infomnia because Dairy Queen doesn't make ice cream or even a close back similarly thereof
That goes to show how many people have grown up in the age of a rat
Although back there was a place called Carol's
Carol's was like kind of like a McDonald's type Tyson upstate New York way back here when I was a kid
And they had soft serve too, so they've been making that soft rum
Right, sure there's nothing new
I'm looking around with the soft ice cream but the thing that like, I remember going to Dairy Queen as a little kid and asking for chocolate ice cream and they tell you we don't have that
No, they only have vanilla soft serve, they can just dip your cone in them like that's not chocolate ice cream
How can you call yourself an ice cream place, you don't have chocolate ice cream?
Well they're not, they're not
Carvelle 29, which also, well it's kosher though
Oh good
Dubbar 21, good Diva 16, good Diva ice cream is very good, but probably most people haven't found it
Don't look for it, okay, it'll kill you
Seal test went all the way up to 15, that's Starbucks 12, eat these ring-married tin and Nestle's only 8 and that's because Nestle's don't make a lot of ice cream flavors
But they sure sell that Nestle's turtle was good, oh baby
Now that's bad that I discovered that I started thinking about that again because now I'm going looking for it
And that's not good
We have 900, look at that Chris, we had a good job for a 925 on the pole
Oh, we switched to midstream yesterday
Shhh, because I got sick of whatever the one was the pole was before the, oh all was okay
It was about who do you hate the most, Dan Coder, one of those deals
Or like Bill O'Reilly
I don't want to go on a lynching party
You hate that one, that idiot, that Nazi bastard
Now you're going to love this story, what a way to start on a Thursday
Oh and look what we got today, we got the jerk show his back, he was on fan's day, we had DA on from 2 to 4 real
Bonus there for the audience, but now we got the jerk's guy back again, is he an LA, is that the deal?
I would assume something, he's got to be because that's where the heat you're going to lose again tonight
Oh my god, so much effort and so little on the show for you know
How about those leaves beat the Panthers in the shootout last night at the Amacarina, how do you like that?
Not surprising
What do you mean by that, the Panthers beat him here last time, they played 8 to nothing, that embarrassment and humiliation and the degradation
Matt Sundeed tied it up twice, said a boy Matt's
He doesn't want to leave, because I don't know, I don't know why, he doesn't want to leave
Like he has a boyfriend, he's like me here at QA Am, I'm the Matt Sundeed here at QA Am
He wants you to leave me, and no I'm not leaving, I'm staying
Even that crappy offer they made me, I might just go ahead and take that, and of course sir we'll see
For a hundred years though, LA and I can't clarify one thing before I finish this schedule
Okay, Saturday is not my birthday now, some of the Myspaces are confused and it's not their fault
It's because Myspace lists people's birthdays
days. Right. When they're coming up in a couple of days. The problem with that is that
on our my space page for the show, it says age 31 years. Well, I will make a
girl made the page that was the show that I'm near for 31 years. So it's the near
Roger show page, not for my personal page. Correct. So it'll be the 32nd
anniversary of the show, not my 32nd birthday. I only wish. Oh my god. Can you imagine?
Woo. If they break up and be 32 on Saturday morning, I'll go to bed right now and
just let me know when to wake up. The judge showed a two mad dog four to seven
hurricane hotline from the Ratscalve or seven to nine. Wow, that's some real heavy duty
crap. Dolphins all asses the high school Grinine report with John Linder and
Larry Bluestein nine to ten. Well, I sure I've never heard that show. I can't wait
and then ten to midnight to the D. A. Show. He only gets two hours tonight because
he gets preempted the nine to ten hour by that Dolphins crap. Okay, now here's
this story. I don't have time for it. You stand by our brave men away. Stand by
your man. There he is. There's Dumball. Baby, there is one of the dumbest people on
the planet. Your president. Thank you again for those bargain-based
with gas prices and that crappy American dollar they worth like I've done.
Anyway, this court rule, this is in Italy is the headline. I'll give you the headline
little tease. Court rules crotch scratching a crime. I do you like that? Really? You
sit in South Florida somewhere. It was in Broward County somewhere where a Cooper
City was out. No, it was in one of those places where
turgidity you couldn't walk walk around with turgidity. That's right. I remember that story.
Remember that? Yeah, I heard that story.
Ten, thirteen, and five, sixty, WQM. Oh, good.
What's the matter with the meat on? Even get you tell that you're dying inside.
Baby, I should wipe the view of my collar. I think I'm breaking out of some hiding.
The servant asked the old me to be hard-aid. My guest in there stuffed the counter.
They've a lot of money. They're with bodies, smoking and they're broken.
There's one because it's still rotten frozen meat.
Oh, we're fine. Everybody's smoking and they're broken. There's one because it's still rotten
frozen meat. Oh, fine. Ten, eighteen, and five, sixty, WQM. That'll cure you.
I've lost the three pounds, by the way. Excellent. Eating ice cream.
What? Eating ice cream. No, I'm not eating any ice cream. Although I did a couple
days ago. I did some ice cream. I forget what day that was. When I was having a stressful,
sick, aggravating, stressful, whatever, whatever day that was. I ate ice cream.
That's what I do. I use a candy, a rice cream. Some people pop whatever, what was the
Chris taking again? Bikin' it. Bikin' it. Some people pop pills, which are very bad for you.
I ate ice cream, which is delicious, but bad for you also. Sure. And the thing that really
pisses me off of it, you know, is aggravating. I would like philosophy.
I've put it this many times, if you're going to cheat, especially being a
fatal diabetic without a very badly controlled blood sugar for months now, I'll be dead soon.
But if you're going to do that, if you're going to cheat, at least have something good.
Don't like eating like plain bread. Don't go into rest of it. Eat bread.
No, seriously, I'm talking about like plain, crappy, tasteless, garbage bread. Don't do that.
If you're going to cheat at that meal and have a half-bite Sunday for dessert or something like that, you know?
You know what I'm saying? And so I got a pint of what the hell was it?
Chocolate Ben and Jerry's chocolate brownie, what is it? Something like that.
Chocolate brownie. Yeah, brownie-hound. It sucked. It's cracked. That's not good.
And that's one of the old flavor, and that still isn't very good.
And I'm going to tell you, no Ben and Jerry's is winning this pool by a glanslide,
and the pool is almost over, thank God. But you know, way back then, they used to make some really great stuff like fish food.
Nobody ever made flavor like fish food. Right.
I grant you it was sickeningly sweet, but I like sickeningly sweet. I like that.
I mean, it'll calm your ass down, man. You go into a coma. You can't get much calmer than that. Right? Right.
But now it's like you look strawberry, shortcake, and just a host of garbage.
You know, and of course my local convenience store here, when it's 100 below zero,
and you're not going to go like traipsing very far, of course I could hop into car and go down the parking garage and hop into the crack,
and then drive to the underground garage where the nearest market is. You know, go with me some like,
Hagen does rocky road. Hagen does does make a decent rocky road. It's not real water either.
I don't know. How come that's not water, and yet everything else they make is like that dual-seed the Lach bag,
that Dushi Dushi, they Lach bag, yeah. Never had that. Nope.
Well, you're people love that stuff. They're all raving. Oh, there's the greatest flavor. It's okay, but it's watery.
I bet you somebody else makes that flavor and it's really a lot better than Hagen does because their ice cream is watery.
I hate to keep repeating this true. Right. Of course, you don't care because you're on an ice cream. That's right.
Hey, Chris George is on an ice cream person. Do you know that? I know it now. Well, there you go.
He's told us in the last couple of days about six billion times you repeat the material saying that you're over and over again.
I should know. You took away and that you can offer to your successor about how it's risky in the process of sizing up your Russian counterpart.
Don't you think you learned something from?
I learned. Here's what I learned. I learned that it's important to establish a personal relations with leaders,
even though you may not agree with them. Yeah.
He's starting to sound like Barack Obama now.
Not 956 votes on that pool. Nestle is only got eight, even though I said Nestle is turtle.
Now I know damn well. I'm going to wind up going to dominion the look for Nestle's turtle. That's a very bad idea.
Here's that story from Italy. You're here. We're wasting a lot of time here. That's good though. Don't you think?
Let's see a group at the other pool on here because we're going to have a thousand, maybe this hour. Yeah, he's got the other one on there about the oral sex.
Shame on you, disgusting. Not all of the kind of ties right in with this because you can't have oral sex unless you've got genitals.
I don't think. That's a good point.
Rome scratching your genitals in public in Italy can lend you in trouble if you're caught.
According to a report on the Italian daily, Codillia della Santa. Codillia della Santa is about the Cassada.
Italy's Court of Cascation. I don't have any idea what that means. You know what that means?
Cascation. The nation's highest appeal court has defined the act as contrary to public decorum and decency.
So if you're like in Rome, don't adjust your privates. The court also said the practice is considered a crime even if the gesture is done to repel evil or bad luck.
Oh God. Don't you find there, I'm sure you do. There are times in life when you just want to throw your arms up and you're just saying, I give, I surrender, I give up or just laugh.
Now, one of the others, or both. The court was ruling on an appeal made by an unnamed man from the Northern Italian city of Comal, who was convicted of indecent behavior in 2006 and reportedly fined 200 euros for fixing his genitals while wearing overalls.
I guess he was reaching in there and kind of like we adjusting, you know. It's a superstition among your tagging men to grab their genitals to word off bad luck, such as when a herst passes by or when disaster strikes.
Now, isn't it like Latinos that like to grab their genitals in an act of defiance as if to say, you know, up yours, right?
Okay. No. I don't know any who do. You've never heard of that? Or Latin's either.
Were you in O'Neill, Latin? No. Maybe it's a Spanish thing. I don't know what that is. Maybe it's a Mexican thing. I don't know.
The judges of the third penal division, if you're part of that expression of the Rome-based Court of Cascades, and however disagreed with this practice, padding your genitals into presence of other people as a manifestation of lack of custom and education in the complex concept of ethical and social behavior the judges be saying.
Well, keep that in mind. I'm trying to think of what the municipality was there somewhere in South Florida where they passed a virginity law and it's against law for a male.
Wasn't it one of the beaches over here? I think it was Pompino Beach. I think I'm pretty sure that's where it was. It was Pompino. It might have been Daytona. I don't know. No, no, no. It was local. It was Pompino Beach. Okay.
And the city council or whatever the hell is right, whoever they are, these idiots passed the law several years ago. It was part of a whole set of laws like how much buttocks on a female can be exposed and how much the guy can't show through gin. Right.
How does a guy control that? You know, hey, you better salt Peter, you better be wearing a jock strap. I'll say that right now. Of course, we'd like that here at QM. We wish everybody were a jock strap all the time. Yes, I'll have a really old one.
You hear that siren in the back? No. Well, it's just become part of my life now. Anyway, here's some good news. Bloomberg isn't going to run for president. The bad news, neither is the Bloomberg.
After two years of flying koi about his presidential ambitions, my mayor Michael Bloomberg declared the newspaper editorial yesterday that he won't run for president as an independent, said he might support the candidate who takes an independent nonpartisan approach, whatever that means.
The 66 year old billionaire businessman who aides had said was prepared to spend a billion dollars on his own independent campaign wrote in an opinion column posted New York Times website that'll be working to steer the national conversation away from partisanship and toward unity away from ideology and toward common sense away from sound bites and towards substance speaking of bites for shareholders.
Wow. Bloomberg left that was almost two years left in the second term at City Hall. I publicly denied any interest in running for president since one of his political advisors for tempted the seed more than two years ago. I wonder where he planted that seed.
Correct. Oh, God. But is the now's grew weaker in recent months as AIDS and support is quietly began laying the groundwork for third party campaign. I listen carefully to those who encouraged me to run by. I'm not a will not be a candidate for president. He wrote, I have a choice coming on. I think this is lately. Yeah.
It's all that ice cream. I'm not eating ice cream. I told you I had that one pint there that was crap chocolate brownie hound or some some horrible Ben and Jerry's flavor. God, it was nasty. They didn't have a big leader of score in there and the freezer by the needed. Aren't you proud of me? Yeah. I didn't mind me. I didn't buy it because if I would have bought it, I would have liked melted it down eating the whole damn thing. Like I would have probably put a straw in it.
Made a little milkshake. Now you were talking to the day about melted. Where was that? Right. Well, Swenson's, but they have them over here. Jackson's has really good malt. It's with a chunk of malt in it there. The real thing. The whole, you know, the tin, the whole thing. Of course. Well, that doesn't always happen like a starlight. Now it's moonlight. They used to do that. They used to serve you your malt with the tin. And now they just, you know, they don't even work. Don't. Well, shame on them. I find you whoever they are. Who started?
They're moonlight. They're moonlight now. They're a chain of diners. Okay, stuff. Just, you know, if not for that. You got to have the whole thing. That's where all the malt settles to. Right. That's exactly right. And so you turn it upside down and you'll air be like a strap of the malt. And in fact, you got a long come. You just read it right in there and just, you know, you know,
the next time. You know, his new projects, 4.560 QAM, the sports leader, the matter of public, baby, only in Miami.
Ah, this is in break and tuck your board. It's self-appointed. Soldier, a god-garrant power for talkers, magazine. The broadcasting industry's
internal of what's pretty much just bad. They give you the inside scoop of what we think talk radio should do.
There's our top 10 most world famous professional radio broadcasters in weekdays should regurgitate upon you.
Number one, of course, is Rush Limbaugh. A fast, unimpeded, broke out of bobbos game to get married is often boredom's
and magic underwear, our voice of the right winged servicism that made Murphill wood it is today.
Check it. We have Papa Bear Bill O'Reilly, and I'm done with Sean Hannity, Michael Weer, Seven, Heinrich Himmler, Albert Speer,
Joseph Gawdling Durable, Charles Manson, John Wayne Gate, and of course, the favorite of all of American Shree, Bill Floguey.
Thank you Gary, 10.32 at 5.60 W.A.M., so it took at least two people to fill your big fancy whitey were gone, Chris?
Well, it'll take three now, because he's not there. Oh, like I said, well, when he's not there? Well, there's the time when he's here, and then there's now.
I see, yeah, I don't see anybody in that room. Wow. So you weren't the only ones who even, remember, you got this down to a science. Some of us are still practicing.
Oh, I see. So now it's easy to get practicing. Maybe it's Papa a couple more days ago. I didn't only assume, I mean, he might be an engineering, you know, how can I try to get an engineer again?
But I don't think you'll be. You know, it's interesting. He's in there doing that because I'm going to be doing it during this next break. If not sooner. Well, I don't want to leave you like all alone. I got the music. Yeah, right. That's a story. I don't want to leave you all alone for that. Don't worry.
9.79 and the poll will have that 1000 maybe by the end of the hour. Like I said, then we can switch over that oral sex poll.
Harvey Wasserman on Common Dreams.org asks, did Turkey point again take Florida the radioactive brink? He says as many as two million for radians were blacked out Tuesday by a series of grid malfunctions that forced shut two old atomic reactors South of Miami and renewed nightmares of a radioactive catastrophe.
The chain of events should service yet another serious warning those who have built still more atomic reactors in Florida and elsewhere. The wide ranging blackout apparently started with accidental trip at a substation. That sabotage has been ruled out may not be all that reassuring.
Countless homes and business were affected from Florida keys to as far away as Tampa Gainesville and Daytona Beach. Bright and Floridians were trapped in elevators or abandoned offices by making their way down dark, sweltering stairwells.
And date lonely, 40 traffic accidents piled up as signals went dark. This blackout speech was limited by steps taken since a 2003 reactor related grid failure in Ohio led to a massive blackout that left 50 million people without power including yours truly. Remember that I do.
But the two large reactors at Turkey point did trip from the loss of offside power for safety reasons vital cooling systems and other critical components rely on electricity coming from sources other than the reactors.
A far more tense shutdown came when offside power was lost during 1992's Hurricane Andrew, whose eye passed directly over Turkey point. At the high list dorm communication from the control room was also dangerously lost.
Tools and equipment back into around $100 million were destroyed or simply blown away.
Andrew's epic devastation made it clear that South Florida could never be evacuated in the wake of a meltdown amidst the hurricane after the 79 accident in 3 mile island the NRC adopted specifications for evacuation procedures that were simply shredded by Andrew.
But Turkey point reopened three weeks later to this day. No procedures are in place that could reliably evacuate South Florida's burgeoning human population if radiation releases occurred even under optimum weather conditions, let alone amidst a major wind event.
Nonetheless, FPL not wants to build two more reactors at Turkey point of the cost of some 20 billion dollars. The generators would not come online till sometime between 2020 and 2025.
Request for construction work in progress is not before the Public Utilities Commission. CWIP would force state ratepayers to cover the cost of the reactors as they are being built. The PUC can make a decision with an amount. PUC that's puke.
FPL may also seek federal loan guarantees $18.5 billion which were noticed in the federal appropriations bill passed in December of last year. The Lieberman-Worner Global Warming Bill soon to be debated in the U.S. Senate may also come with hefty subsidies for projects like this one.
Two more reactors have been proposed by progress energy for a site near one reactor, already operating at crystal river near Tampa.
Little of any private financing is likely forthcoming for the proposed Florida reactors, but if CWIP or federal loans come through they may be hard to stop.
New reactor construction at Turkey point would have substantial environmental impacts on the nearby Everglades National Park.
Serious questions are made about pressure put on water supplies damaged nearby wildlife had attended much more. A wide range of local and national environmental groups have begun to intervene against the project.
The blackout, this blackout and a reactor shutdown happened on a clear, calm floor today. Had the state been getting its power from solar panels installed on buildings, a blackout like this could never have occurred.
But with still more reactors on the dry board it may be only a matter of time before Florida's reactors finally do take the sunshine state into the radioactive abyss.
Oh man. How do you like that? The radioactive abyss. Don't go outside because, well, don't breathe the air, don't inhale, don't come out from under the bed and all of these things.
So the crystal will make it back or not? Yeah, I'm here. Oh good. Now how is everything going? Well, well, you know, it's a bad choice of words.
No, I don't know. It's all good enough. Well, that's some I'm going to be following your sampler. It's probably a little bit too much information, but nevertheless everything came out all right in the end. Well, good. Thank the Lord for that.
The Lord works in mysterious ways. And like I said, if there was a Lord, we wouldn't be doing having to do that.
We wouldn't need all the porcelain busts. We wouldn't need toilet paper. We wouldn't be, you know, we would just burn up all the excess whatever we eat.
We just burn up the excess and life would be fine. We would be hunky-dory. Now you know that for a fact there's another ambulance out there, another siren going on. Just going nuts.
90-D-7 on the pool. Chris, you're going to have a thousand very soon. Pronto. All right. The shrill, don't you excited? Is he? No, no.
No, you're not. The best ice cream brand is 97. Ben and Jerry's 292, man. When and hands down your pants, except if you're in Italy.
Hogan does 155. If you're Italian, by the way, don't be ingest your crotch, guys. Cold stone cream, we 138. Cold and stone.
Browse 107. Public 60. I will say this for a store brand. Public ice cream is, it's okay. It's pretty good.
You don't think? Oh, that's right. You know, it's fine. Yeah, I mean some store brands are very generic. You know, delicious but absolutely no taste.
Publicity is pretty good. They got some stuff. I think they still have like chocolate marshmallow, which I still can't find.
I don't want to find it. I can go looking for it, but I don't want it.
Bastard Robbins 49, they have a really good rocky road. I said that the other day and I'm sticking to my guns.
80s 39, very queen 32. Let's hear it for the old very queen. Carvelle 29. How's Tom Carvelle doing? Still dead?
Yeah. The bar 22. Seal test 17. Good Diva 16. Now that's some really rich heavy duty stuff. They got some wild flavors. Good Diva.
Like that chocolate raspberry, you know. I hate. I'm talking about chocolate raspberry. I hate that very.
Oh, baby. You hate raspberry? Raspberry raspberry flavor raspberries. But I like this. I like this. You know, like those kind of raspberries.
Starbucks 13. E.D. is the ring-wreet 10 and Nestle is still only 8 because they don't know from Nestle. It's not a 9.87.
And so, I'm going to be ample time to discuss whoever their candidate, the positions whoever their candidate is. Nice try.
So, would you like to try another task? Another question?
Okay, I'll follow on it. About a rack. You have stand in the past that you want to leave a sustainable policy.
Yeah. You want something to be able to...
Should we vote on whether she gets an image or not?
Ah, ha, ha, ha. Is he a card or what? Is he a real comedian? Just like John McHenner, a real couple of clowns.
What a dead deal, but it's off the come out.
40 real projects. 40 real 5. 50 QAM. Thanks. For its leader.
Neil Rogers, huh?
It's that time of year again. When thousands of fresh-faced poses put everything on the line to win America's vote.
This is American political idol. And I don't box.
Give it up. Please, give it up.
I think some big things might happen in 2008.
Big butts. My bottom. Big butts. My bottom. The behind. Big butts. This is the big butts. But the bottom bigger as time goes on.
Maybe back. But, yeah, baby. This is American political idol.
1045 at 560 WQ. We got 997 on that pool. If we get three more damn votes on it, we can switch the pool.
Actually, we could do it right now if we wanted to. What difference does it make?
We do that yesterday, sure. In other words, when the thousands in the bag, what's the point?
Is it like a pirate victory to serve on? Oh, we find a guy at the thousand. You know, like somebody's keeping track somewhere.
You know what I'm saying? Right. I'm going to switch it right now. Screw it. Right, Chris?
Sure. Why not? Right. Switch that baby now. Click on it.
How old were you when you first engaged in oral sex? We did that pool a long time ago.
Here's the trick. Now, how come he didn't put the other one?
How come he didn't put the other choice? You better add one, too. I wrote it on there. Eric's having problems. He's having issues today.
We have an under 13 to 15, 16 to 18, 19 up, and the other choices never have.
I mean, I would have seen there are people out there who've never engaged in oral sex. What do you think?
It's possible, yeah. Well, there you go.
Try that on there, please. You got somebody adding on there? It's on.
Let's see. Uh-oh. What is this all about? I hear that there are two Miami-Ray area radio stations in about to flip to sports talk.
One is listed below. Can you guess the other? What does that mean? Can you guess the other?
It's a guessing game. What does that mean? It says Fox Sports Radio Affiliate Update.
Oh, this is a joke. Here's the latest Fox Sports Radio. Oh, this is from Rachel Nelson, who's with Fox Sports Radio, I guess.
So in other words, I can't be sure about this. I don't know, and I don't care. I don't care about sports stations.
I care about sports, but I don't care about sports radio, including this one.
The effective Monday, March 3rd, the following stations will become affiliated to the Fox Sports Radio Network, WMEN AM640 West Palm Beach.
That's that loser again. What's his name? The Steve Lapa.
Remember that? Again, they're going to do a... Oh, oh, oh!
They always do. Oh, okay. It's what they put on here.
KQDT in Jamestown, North Dakota. Oh, this is heavy duty. I should put on a release like this. KBAD in Vegas and WEC-K-WEC-1230 in Buffalo.
Well, thank you so much, Rachel.
This other thing on top of here, this was... So this is an inside job.
You see what I'm saying? Somebody typed the top sentence and then sent this press release.
Can you guess what the other one is? Oh, I don't know.
And I don't care, like I said. God, this is real, that these people send.
And let me say it again, a few people, not a whole bunch, yeah, three or four. I said, happy birthday.
It's not my birthday. It's the show's birthday. Saturday, March 1, will be 32 years I've been on here in this market in this God for a second place.
32 freaking years, how do you like that? And by the end of the first week, there was that old, crude conquer.
They were all old back then on KAT, death plus 10. Calling me to tell me, you'll never make it six months in this market, Rogers.
You'll never make it. Of course, now he's pushing up daffodils. He's pushing up petunias. How do you like that?
Well, look, we got a quick 22 votes in that poll. Never have one already. See that?
Wow. 4% of the audience out there never have engaged in oral sex.
We got a youngster's. What? Those might be youngsters.
We don't have any youngsters, okay? In fact, we've got 12 and under two already. Wow.
I mean, youngsters now is what you're saying. Right. No, no, they aren't. They're oldsters.
Plus, we got 1,000 on the previous poll. We did? Yep.
Woo! On the ice cream pool, we finally did close out with 1,000. Well, that's a real feather in my craft.
In fact, I think they just got rid of it. The feather.
During that last break, there was an area word had to be said, because you knew I'd be back with plenty of time.
Right. No, Swetsky. If Hillary Clinton does lose the Democratic nomination for president, she might be able to trace the troubles back to when she lost her grip on the Latino vote.
How do you like that? Incredible.
Uh-huh.
Bill Clinton called it the ex-president of Doom Disguised candidacy with his meddling, but he was right about one thing.
Several weeks ago, he told Spanish-language radio host Eddie L. Pughlin, Sotelo. What is Pughlin?
I don't know. That sounds like an enemy.
No, Eddie L. Pughlin, Sotelo, would say Nickman. I don't know.
That Latinos would determine the nominee of the Democratic Party next president of the USA, so they might just not have the way the former president imagined.
When he made his prediction, Hillary Clinton was leading Barack Obama among Latinos by a 2-1 margin. It says, and then it says,
No, Mass. No, Mass. Tomas.
A recent Gallup survey found Obama in a slight, but not statistically significant lead over Clinton among Latinos.
Obama made his gun multicultural once in about time, it says.
It says Ruben Neverett, Jr. and CNN.
The Illinois Senator spent so much early part of the campaign proving he could appeal to both blacks and whites.
He never stopped to ask, what can Browns do for me as a result of Obama fumbling in about a caucus? What can we do for Brown?
Was that FedEx that used to do that? What can Brown do for you?
That is. Yeah. No, you pissed.
Yeah, the answer is yes.
But he recovered in time to fare better than expected on Super Tuesday. He won the Latino Houghton in Lorraine, Colorado State competitive in New Mexico and Arizona,
while even getting wiped out in California, New York and New Jersey. Then he won the Latino Houghton in Virginia.
Now with the all-important Texas primary approaching March 4th, Obama is training Clinton with Latinos in the Lone Star State, but he's making inroads there.
There's even a Viva Obama video featuring a group of mariachi singing the candidates' praises.
Obama's recent successful Latinos is evidence that Hillary's support in that community is a mile wide and an inch thick.
That's understandable. Neither Bill nor Hillary has done much for Latinos and their public careers, and most of the support they endure from that community comes from brand loyalty.
The same thing that keeps Latinos coming back to one kind of laundry detergent keeps them coming back to the Clinton name.
In this election, Hillary has turned her to brand with mistakes. During the debate in LA, she answered a question by pitting undocumented Latino immigrants against African Americans.
She blamed job losses on employers who exploit undocumented workers and drive down wages, and she mentioned an African American interpreter that used to have construction jobs, but now the only people who get them anymore are people who are here without documentation, meaning, of course, Mexican, like that.
Faced with the same question, Obama pointed out that African Americans had had high unemployment rates long before the latest route of immigrant showed up, and cautioned against using the immigration issue to divide Americans.
Obama also insisted derousing applause that blaming immigrants for unemployment among blacks amounts to scapegoating, and said he wouldn't tolerate it, scroll one for Obama.
He can almost hit the mariachi's warming up, but said, you hear the mariachi's warming up? Just this warming up.
I hear a warming up. I'll find...here it is.
No, that's not it. I'll find it. Oh, here they are.
They're warming up.
We got 40 votes on the new poll now. Amateur Chris is really an all-thriol to be backed after that dental thing, after that procedure, after all those nasty drugs that knocked him on his ass.
Maybe that's what caused the blackout, the power of freedom that they wouldn't knock Chris on his ass.
No, I was still here while that. Wasn't that on Tuesday? You were there on Tuesday? No, it weren't.
I was here. You weren't.
What the hell are you talking about?
I was here Tuesday. Yeah. You were not. Tuesday? See.
Oh, you're correct. Well, what day were you are more...you are two days?
I had Monday off. Oh, that's what it was. That's right. Monday he shined.
Monday he shined us and we had all this confusion and it was Cordis worked till noon. See, Cordis is like, you know, he's too good for us.
He honors us with his presence once in a while and usually just for a very short time.
They're like, oh, well, I got to go now. I got important stuff to do. I got to go and file my taxes. I got to go, you know, screw my Russian girlfriend. You like that, you know.
Am I right? That's right. Well, that's important stuff.
I would agree with that, especially the latter part.
How old were you when you first engaged in oral sex? 46 votes.
19 and up 15. 13 to 15. 12. You're following and there he goes with the numbers again. We can't follow him.
You'll never last six months in his market, Rodgers. You're all finished. You suck.
We know that age 13 to 15, 12, 16 to 18, 11, 12 and under five. At 12 and under, I just, I don't know, my old funny dirty.
Yeah, sounds what?
Yeah, no, I agree with you. You know, awfully young, 12 and under.
What did you vote again? Who? You 19 and up. Okay.
Way over 19. Never have three. Never had a role to see you thought, oh, no, nobody's going to vote for that.
I didn't say that just that. You were thinking, you know, maybe like only five or six. It's tragic.
Why is it tragic? Maybe they're having to do another thing. Who knows? Maybe they're like unics. Maybe they don't care.
Maybe they have hobbies that they're, you know, in all those cases, collecting and right.
They're philitalists. They're philatias. Well, that's right. That's a good poll question. What should you have?
Philitalist or philatias? No contrast. Bill Buckley is dead, by the way.
Chris was out yesterday, under the weather. Well, William F. Buckley died. Now, if you probably don't even know who that is, do it.
Another name. You don't know who that is, do it or was. Not really. No.
A white or a whole right wing. He's the one that started all this fascist stuff.
He was the, he was the founder of it, but he was like one of the pioneers of this,
grab in the national review and build crystal. He's either right wing Nazi bastards.
He's lunatics. These hate mongers. For example, is I don't want to go on a branching party against Michelle Obama.
Like Billo, you know, Billo, as Keith O'Horberen calls him Billo Riley.
Civil rights figure John Lewis, Democrat of Georgia's drop in support for swallery and is now backing Barack Obama, according to a newspaper report yesterday.
Lewis, Democrat of congressman from Atlanta is the most prominent black leader in the effect from Clinton's campaign in the face of a near majority black support for Obama in recent voting.
He's also a super double. He gets a vote of the Summer's National Convention in Denver.
It's been a long hard difficult struggle to come from where I am. Lewis told Atlanta journal constitution interview.
But when I am as a super delegate, I plan to cast my vote for convention for Barack Obama.
And a leader interview with NBC News, Lewis explained, I love Bill Clinton. I love Hillary, but something's happening in America.
Something is unbelievable. It's unreal. 43 years ago, I marched in the, across the bridge in summer Alabama.
He continued, it was much easier than the decision I have to make.
But I had to make it. I'm dealing with friends. People I love. People I admire. Part of my extended family. A partridge in a fair tree.
Lewis's constituents supported Obama roughly three to one in Georgia's February 5th primary.
His endorsement had been a coveted prize among Democratic candidates thanks to his standing as one of the last major civil rights leaders of the 60s. Still alive.
Just like Solotso said, he's still alive.
So what do you think we're going to be doing tomorrow for an honor of our anniversary party?
Maybe play the rack sounds good.
They included some of the Southern American politics and all the other sports.
Sports, 262 am.
The sports leader.
This is the neo-Ladges show.
This is your drawing.
This is your drawing.
Any questions?
This is Keith Jackson on Special Assignment covering baseball steroid controversy.
Standing next to you seven times high in a world winner, the rocket Roger Climbins.
Roger, one central can you tell the listening audience whether or not you have ever done steroids?
First I'd like you to admit to me that you've done steroids. I will give you this shiny penny.
I'd like to thank you believe your friend and he pitted live when he said you did steroids.
I think Andy misheard.
Have you misheard my offer for telling the truth I will offer you one shiny penny.
I have never done rocket Roger Climbins.
Did you in fact give your wife Debbie who has me smoking freaking hot?
HTH.
I have never seen the truth that Debbie looks at pornographic videos while you're at work.
Hold on!
I'm sorry that's a different question that's for Chuck Knoblock's wife.
Let me give back to you rocket Roger Climbins.
Have you ever ever ever ever taken HGH?
I can't argue you even know what HGH stands for.
Yes it is your reading level of the sixth grade.
This is Keith Jackson covering the controversy of baseball steroids.
I'm with a rocket Roger Climbins who I will offer once again a shiny penny
in order to tell me the truth about his steroid and HGH juice.
Keith I'm his up the office of the table.
This is Keith Jackson on special assignment.
Thank you Keith it's 111 at 560 WQM.
32 years on year in South Florida.
What tomorrow we're gonna have a big party man.
Yeah it's gonna be a gigantic humongous party.
Too bad Don Cox couldn't be with us to celebrate.
Have a kid come in and you know, can family live with you if you were alive?
Yes he would.
Because he liked us he liked the show.
He was a good guy.
We could not be seen.
What?
We could feed him some lunch.
We have feed him some lunch.
Vagie Johnny Dork will come in tomorrow for lunch.
Maybe not.
I hope not.
I'm good with Johnny.
I don't see him anymore.
He doesn't want to be around.
He doesn't want to be around.
He doesn't want to be around.
He doesn't want to be around.
I'm not sure what happened over there.
I guess he kissed him.
That's what I heard.
We're never gonna get the straight story.
You know this business.
You never get the whole story.
You just get little bits and pieces and most of them are lies anyway.
Anyways, 11.02.
Older is James Baker the turd.
Another indication.
Back in McCain.
Well, big Simmons.
James Baker what a cork he is man, a liar.
He was member when he was in Florida.
And they were covering up all their tracks like a dog kicking its hind legs up in here.
Covering up the mess they left behind.
For those fixed votes in 2000.
Remember that?
James Baker the turd.
Who also happens to represent the Asaude family.
Remember that?
After 9-11.
Right?
They put them all on a plane.
They sure impact when nobody else could fly.
Even Frankie Avalon couldn't get on a plane for Christ's sake.
Or was it Paul Anke, I think?
Couldn't get on a plane.
But the Saudis, they've been live in family.
All of a sudden, oh, they all got on a plane.
No problem at all.
Get them out of here while they're still alive.
And James Baker was representing the families of those sand butchers.
Isn't that the way the expression goes?
That's right.
Sand butchers.
Thank you so much, all you Saudis.
It is a honor.
There's Barak in Texas.
He's a stump that says.
So they're stumped.
He's stumped it.
Let me take a look and see what the price of oil is this morning.
Keep saying on there, morning call with Ted David.
Ted David has been on there.
He finally got a conscience, I guess.
OVS&P is down for the S&P guy.
And the Dow is down 113.
And the Nasdaq is down 14.
Orals 101.64.
101 dollars and 79 cents.
And as I'm speaking, I can't even keep up with it.
Almost 102 bucks a barrel.
How do you like that?
Which means your gas prices are going to be zooming up there.
You're going to be playing like 60, 70, 100 bucks a gallon.
And you're going to be thinking, oh, thank you so much Mr. Bush,
out President and P for these bargain basement gas prices for invading Iraq and killing all those people.
And sacrificing all those American soldiers, 4,000 of them.
Then nobody talks about any more because nobody gives a grab.
Because the American people, if nothing else, they've got a very short memory.
Short.
Yep.
I just want a 101.85.
Every time it flashes, it goes up another nickel.
By the time the show ends, it's going to be like $600 a barrel.
What are we talking about?
Not good.
And if I flip over to the Canadian market morning, whatever the stupid channel is,
I can find out how the euro is doing.
Because CNN is too busy, he's hot, and the channel, oil 101.70.
Oh, look at that.
As I'm watching this one, it's flickering.
And the Dow is now 132 and dropping like a gigantic rock.
Where is that euro, baby?
Gold is almost 1,000 bucks an ounce.
Wouldn't it be something if you would have told me back when it was like $400 an ounce?
So put all your money in gold, Neil.
You don't have to be sitting here right now.
Talk about 32 years on the ear and this God for Saken place.
Come on, flip those numbers on there.
Give us the, the, the, the, Emmis.
Give us the story.
In fact, it's taken so long.
I can't remember what the, I'm waiting for.
I'm waiting for the exchange rate.
That's what I'm waiting for.
Aren't you, aren't you, aren't you, I have to try for the exchange?
Oh, yeah.
No, you're not.
No.
You couldn't care.
Well, what do you know?
You're not, you're not.
That's right. I don't have any money.
Ice cream.
82 oil sex votes per day.
And the Dow is down 144.
See, I love that thing out there.
It's gold, 968.3.
It's going up.
Nobody wants your money anymore.
You're American money.
It's worthless.
The dollar is like a penny now.
Remember how our bill is screaming about that?
The Dow is down 142 in the Nasdaq 21.
I feel like Rick Riley.
Oil, 101.71.
It came back a little, just a hair.
Just a Francis O'Hare.
Wow, I turned that off.
It's too depressing to look at it.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Here's another endorsement for Barack Obama.
Senator Obama picked up an endorsement from his colleague, Byron Durgan,
a North Dakota senator who's record a supporting labor and opposition to NACDA.
Could help him in Tuesday's Ohio Democratic primary in Ohio.
Durgan announced his support in the USA.
He once they have been conference call where he praised Obama's record on trade and labor
and called him the best chance for Democrats to expand their appeal across the country.
Aim into that.
Not that hard-ass bitch.
I'm getting a lot of phone calls.
Yeah, I bet they are.
All right.
CNN's candy crully for us.
Candy.
Candy, Callie.
Candy, they're not showing her today.
She looks so bad they won't put her on camera.
You blame them?
No.
Obama has done well in red states bringing new people to this campaign, Durgan said,
one reason we've lost so many states is because candidates have given up on these states
before the campaign begins.
Senator Obama is not going to do that.
He don't want to.
Durgan is the 10th senator who endorsed Obama following former presidential candidate Chris Dodd on Tuesday.
Clinton's been endorsed by 13 senators while 24 Democrats in the chair were still on the fence.
They run the sidelines.
Although North Dakota's other senator Kent Conrad and Sloan representative Earl Palmer
also are Democrats.
The state hasn't voted for a Democratic presidential candidate since LBJ in 64.
Durgan noted the only other Democratic president of the state ever supported was FDR who served from 1933 to 45.
The two most recent Democratic contenders, John Kerry and Al Gore, lost the state by 30 and 28 points.
How many people are there in North Dakota?
About 30 men.
George said it's a place you wouldn't want to send you worse than me.
That's right.
Even if they wanted to go there.
There's a whole lot of nothing there.
Like Wyoming.
Yeah.
No, Wyoming actually has a stuff as character of no tumbleweed North Dakota.
I don't think so.
Nothing.
I'll be damned.
Well, we got a quick 86 votes on that Earl Sexpool and six people have never had Earl Sex given
taken thought about it and they just ain't doing it.
Just thinking.
Oh, well, like, what?
You know what that means, right?
Oh, boy.
Like my mother said to me that time when we were talking about when that Monica Lewinsky stuff was going on.
I might as well say, can you imagine that, Earl Sex?
Can you imagine?
And she paused for about five seconds and you were like, oh, I'm sorry.
Like she insulted me, you know.
Yeah.
You know, you fake it.
That's all you do.
Yeah, that's right.
Insolvened me.
Doug Thompson says, when you lie down with dogs, dot, dot, dot.
When John McCain decided to embrace the rabbit around Winger, the Republican Party,
he also left the door open for the racist, biggest homophobes and hate mongers who dominate
this so-called conservative movement.
That decision rose up and bit him in the ass Tuesday.
In an obvious lack of judgment, it's taken common sense.
Some of them from McCain campaign allowed hate-filled Cincinnati Radio host Bill Cunningham
to proceed to proceed to the presumptive GOP nominee on stage during a campaign stop in that city.
Cunningham is a typical right-wing blowhard who is screaming fanaticism to make Russian limbalic moderate.
He's nearing the refers to the broadcast network says Clinton Broadcasting System CDS,
nobody but Clinton's NBC, and always Bill Clinton ABC,
and makes sure everybody in the crowd knew Barack Obama's middle name is Hussein,
calling the Democratic frontrunner Barack Hussein Obama three times.
Cunningham added, now we have a haxy-Coglostel-de-lead politician who's picturing himself as change.
When he gets done with you, all you're going to have is in your pocket is change.
It's going to be Barack Hussein Obama's wonderful life, all is going to be right with a world
when the great profit from Chicago takes to stand, and the world leaders who want to kill us will simply be singing,
cum by-a-together, around a table with Barack Obama.
At one point, the media will quit taking sides in this thing and start covering Barack Hussein Obama, he said.
Ohio Republican Congressman Rob Portman had a chance to refute the eight Cunningham's remarks
when he took the stage right after the talk shows, but chose instead to say,
will he run a control again so what else is new?
But we love him. I've got to tell you Bill Cunningham lending his voice to this campaign's extremely important.
He didn't, 2000, he didn't, 2004.
It was crucial to victory, then it's even more important this year with his bigger radio audience.
So Bill Cunningham, thank you for lending your voice.
Conservatives are shopping, Portman is a potential running mate from McCain, God help us.
McCain didn't mention a acknowledged Cunningham special, a spiteful viad drive during the speech to the audience,
at Cincinnati's Memorial Hall, but spoke to reporters after the speech.
I apologize for it, I didn't know about these remarks, but I take responsibility for them.
I repudiate them, my entire campaign, I've treated Senator Obama and Senator Clinton with respect.
I will continue to do that throughout this campaign.
I wanted to disassociate myself with any disparaging remarks that may have been said about them.
Any comment that's disparaging will be the Clinton or Obama's totally inappropriate.
I'll certainly make sure that nothing like that happens again.
McCain sources say later chewed out campaign officials who made the decision to invite Cunningham to the event in the first place.
The Arizona Senator will face this problem again as long as he agrees to shack up with the GOP right wing.
There's an old saying that when you lie down with dogs, you get up with fleas.
John McCain should be scratching up the storm this morning and deserves every itch he's got.
The biggest name of the best talent here is the new Projects 425-60-QAM.
The fourth leader.
Look it and stick it.
Hey, baby, I demand you all vote for my wife.
Or I'll figure I'd do it in your life.
I'm there to say you better not piss me off if you don't make Hillary your bitch balls.
Hey there, hoochie-momum.
This hair is for the president male.
And I'm a goner wagon smellin' bono finger if you don't vote for my wife.
That won't let off the back.
If you have brought whose veterans, Marley, show your support for the Democratic Party,
Hillary's the guy who furries and likes women who are bitchy, freaky and snarky.
She don't blink her eyes too much, I guess.
And wear fancy suits that dress the best.
Now here's a group of nasty lesbian moms.
Move on Hillary, over Obama.
Hillary's the king of these dirty flimsy, sour, lusty and silly.
She's the kind of bring woman's choice.
Be one funny, crushy makes a choice.
You're fair.
It's 11.16 and 5.60 W.K.M.
Now this story here that you have from somebody thanks to us?
Yeah.
This is just, uh, right?
I guess true.
It is what it is.
It is what it is.
That's right, like life.
It is what it is.
Team Jockey throwing out a naked woman.
This is from Australia, from Don Under.
Oh, gee, I'd lost something here.
Oh, no.
Uh-oh.
But I found it.
Oh, good.
The son of Melbourne company, trainer, Jeff Murphy, has admitted in court that apprentice
jockeys were routinely subjected to initiation rituals known as greasings at his father's
table sent throughout the recording.
This goes back to what we're talking about yesterday with the fraternities and running naked
with your buddies on the beach.
All of that crap.
All that factory.
It's been going on as long as I can remember throughout the racing industry in Australia,
very Murphy-tolder County Court yesterday.
Two former stablehands at Jeff Murphy's stables, John William Honeyset, 54, and Peter John
Dawson's 60, have pleaded not guilty to charges of indecent assault and buggery during
the late night visits to a teenage-
Is that really like a technical term?
Brackum.
Have pleaded not guilty to charges of indecent assault and buggery during late night visits
to a teenage-jockeys-dome of career in the seventies.
The alleged victim now, 49, claimed the sexual assaults occurred against the backdrop of intimidation
and fear with initiation rituals that included greasings where the body was painted with sticky
hoof oil, regularity of the body.
Is he okay, Chris?
At the moment.
I don't know.
That's a good month's ornament.
He had told the court that greasings were of a highly sexual nature and that very Murphy
had been riding amongst any greasings at the Boran Road stables.
But other former staff denied very Murphy had been involved in anything inappropriate.
A woman who worked as a strapper at the stables at the town of the alleged assaults, Judith
Crop told the jury it was a bunch of Crop that very Murphy used to invite a rougher to
the hayloth but it was just a joke.
He would say, come up to the hayloth and see my pink-eyed rabbit but it was just a joke
he said that to everyone.
My pink-eyed rabbit.
Another apprentice jockeys to stables and revised said he had been painted all over with
hoof oil by a stable hand and had a horse anti-and cemetery cream smeared on him around
his devilish burn.
Oh my god.
Burn's right.
He told the jury that greasings were of a sexual nature which humiliating a degree
of being stripped and having your dendoles groped Mr. Ryan said, no kidding.
No, those non-sexual greasings they aren't as bad.
They're a lot better.
Yeah.
But Andrew Jackson for Honey said the greasings were nothing more than harmless fun and
we're not of a sexual nature at all.
There were a number of people involved laughing and taking the Mickey out of you, he said,
whatever that means.
I didn't know Mickey was in him.
Oh boy, I was painted on you just like everyone else.
The court heard Mr. Ryan was taken to Glen, hotly oval toilet block and used as bait
to lure out gay men using the toilets as a beat.
He said the stable hands then bash the men.
Let me read that sentence again.
Yeah, could you?
The court heard that Mr. Ryan was taken to the Glen, hotly oval toilet block and used
as bait to lure out gay men using the toilets as a bait.
He said the stable hands then bash the gay men.
Another former apprentice, Jackie, Terry McAllister, said he had been greased regularly throughout
his first two years at the stables.
He said the greasings were partly hierarchical nature of the stables and reuses a threat
to keep younger apprentices in line.
They came over to my bed and said, come up the other end and I said no and they said,
you better come up with us or we'll grease you.
He also said he'd been locked in the oaks aisle on the packer month several occasions by
stable hands and tied to the gate with horse testicles hung around his neck.
Are you threatening me?
Mr. Jackson asked him if he ever heard of that being done to the legs victim and he said,
no, I was the only one that happened to Mr. McAllister.
He said he heard the legs victim was thrown under when naked woman lying in a hay
geters drank and smoked lots of mergewini and also forced new arrivals to smoke the
drug.
Oh my god, they smoked the wicked weed and forced him onto a naked woman.
How do you like that?
Yeah, that sounds a lot more appetizing than the greasing up there.
There's a new threat, I'm going to start using that.
Hey, stop that or I'll grease you.
Yeah.
Greasings and my offerings.
Wow.
What we just talked about, like the frat call and all this other business.
Let's play that again for five times.
Oh yeah.
Especially during lunchtime.
133 vote on it, a new poll now.
We had a thousand and one on the ice cream poll and the Ben and Jerry's one hands down your
pantaloonies.
Although if you're in Italy, don't put your hands down your pantaloonies or anybody
else's.
Right.
No, they'll arrest you.
133 vote.
How old were you when you first engaged in oral sex?
Sixty to eighteen.
Forty two people be saying that.
Forty one said nineteen and up.
Thirty one said thirteen to fifteen.
Twelve said twelve and under.
I don't know.
You buy that?
I don't mean you buy it.
Uh, yeah, I've heard some tales.
Have you?
Yeah.
Trove and under trove and never have had oral sex seven out of one thirty three.
That's five point two percent.
Mr. Smarty fans.
That's that's sad.
Why?
Why is it?
No, what do you do here?
Aren't you always about this is what's it to you?
What do you do here?
It's just sad, you know.
They're missing out.
I don't feel sad at all.
Doesn't bother me.
They didn't change my life.
I know it doesn't change mine either, but you know, maybe they would be happier people.
I think we're trying to promote oral sex.
Yes, yes, yes, I am.
I highly encourage everyone to go out and get friends.
I mean, I promote that homosexual agenda and you're on here trying to promote oral sex.
Everyone should have some oral sex today, not sooner.
No.
You know, I haven't thought about that child until just at this moment.
I mean, you know, we play.
Drew opens.
Drew Z.
Yeah.
But it just when I played that, it just brought no back to memory the first time I laid eyes on that creature.
I mean, and who is the one that brought him in there with Steve Nichol, wasn't it?
I believe it was.
Not even mention it.
He brought in some real winners, man, including the sheep.
Right, right, right.
Pineal yonder, the better net.
Neal without the drop.
Pineal yonder, the better net.
Pineal yonder, the better net.
Pineal yonder, the better net.
No.
Yeah.
Yes.
Yeah, he knew where to find them.
And maybe he had those losers hidden in that drawer of his, you know, that secret drawer.
Mm-hmm.
He would open it up and then if he'd walk into his room, he'd slam that thing shut real fast.
That was in there, but I think you had a pretty good idea.
That was a whole.
The original administration is violated to Merkins, basic human rights by blocking access to information,
creating more government secrets than at any other time in US history, former president Jimmy Carter said yesterday.
Carter made the remarks.
If it started with three day conference, aimed at helping other countries develop access to information laws,
drawing participants from nearly 40 nations.
To applaud Carter said it looks forward to more freedom after a new US administration takes office in January.
The Atlanta-based Carter Center has been working to help other countries with the right to information law since 1999 when it piloted a program in Jamaica,
at that time only a handful of countries had such laws.
Today, nearly 70 nations have laws granting the public access to government information, powerful leaders in order to stay in office to
private their citizens of right to know Carter said access to information can change the landscape of an entire society.
It's believed to be the first conference helping countries develop the right to information laws that center said.
Any government that denies that citizens are right to information will ultimately fall because of a lack of trust,
which forsters hard feelings of rising the includes, he said, as in Kuchikuchi Kuh,
big and terry speaking at the conference, including Maharatha Tauri, Minister of Justice in Mali.
Who? Where? And what? Maharatha Tauri?
Tauri called access to information while the great challenges faced by the Mali in democracy since 2002 with the help of Carter Center,
Mali has developed the independent administrative agency to ensure all branches of government are acting appropriately.
We have developed a platform on the basis of which there will be a new way of conducting business in our country,
he be saying. At the end of the conference tomorrow, the center hopes to create a set of recommendations for the right to know laws based on the information shared among participants.
Jimmy Carter, but a week better book than about like that, young good old Jimmy.
I don't know what to think about him, you know, a lot of times I think, well, he said everything and a lot of time, huh?
Oh, he's good to bet he wasn't when he was president.
No, he was not. Well, he didn't spend too much time backing down his brother, he used to be peeing outside all the time.
Right. He finally grew up here way too late.
Yeah, well happens to the best, like William F. Buckley, maybe he would have turned another cheek a little bit, you know,
but Maccom can't do what he's dead. No.
Chris doesn't have any idea who that is, but I wonder about Gorovidal, do you know who that is?
Again, I've heard the names. All right. All right. I mean, what's that kind of sports anyway?
Actually, I used to be really big into history and stuff like that, but you know, graduated and you know, don't worry about it as much as you're more so.
Yeah. Good thinking. Don't worry about it. You're not going to change anything anyway.
You can change something on the show by hitting the wrong button or something like that.
Greg, by the way, didn't find job. Yes, he did.
Well, that's Monday and all the other 15, 20 days that you missed that I missed Monday and yesterday.
Well, so what was the real story on Monday?
Clarence came to you and said, if you want today off, just take it.
We don't care about that show anyway and screw Neil.
No, not at all. Actually, apparently I was originally on the schedule to have off the holiday.
Yeah, I didn't, I would just forget I was working because a new cordist was not going to be around.
So it's not a matter of your pay. Are you saying that you got paid for Monday?
Yeah. Oh, good for you.
It was a holiday. That was my holiday off.
So the Saturday before, I guess it was President's Day, Josh sends me a text, Clarence sends me a text, says, hey, I need you to work Monday with George.
He's like, okay, I said, yeah, I forgot I was. He said, okay, I owe you a day.
Okay, no problem. So then last week, I said, hey, you know, if I could, can I get Monday off, but you know, whatever.
I'll see what I can do. He never got back to me and say, yeah, you're getting it off.
And then I came in Sunday. I saw I had Monday off. So I have the day off.
Yeah, well, you wanted to know what happened. I wanted to know, but I mean, I didn't need quite as detailed of an hour's plight.
That's fine. I'm fed. You got paid for it. That's what we worried about.
Yes, I got paid.
Because Josh Cordist said you were just screwing off, you know, we're going to use usual.
No, not at all. That's usually what he does.
Well, he couldn't work the whole time. He worked till about noon. He said, well, you're happy I spent the two hours with you.
He doesn't ask me for money anymore. You want to know why? Because he knows he ain't going to give it.
His name is the best talent.
You got to go 50, 50, she went on the new Monday.
We're the QAM.
The sports leader.
Come any better than Neil Rock.
Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvest. Stand by for news.
Michael enters a barber shop for a shave while Phil the barber is foaming him up.
He mentions the problem he has, giving a close shave around the cheeks.
I have just the thing Phil the barber says, taking a small wooden ball from a nearby drawer.
Just place this between your cheek and gum.
Michael places the ball in his mouth and Phil proceeds to give him the close shave he has ever had.
After a few strokes, Michael asks in garbled speech, or water, or water, or by swallowing it.
No problem says Phil just bring it back tomorrow like everyone else.
Now page two.
Fred got home from his Sunday round of golf later than normal and very tired.
Bad day at the course. His wife asked.
Everything was going fine. Fred said.
Then Harry had a heart attack and died on the tenth C.
Well that's awful. We plied his wife.
You're not kidding, said Fred. For the whole back nine it was hit the ball, drag Harry.
Hit the ball, drag Harry. Paul Harvest.
Good day.
Love a 32 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M.
I wonder if Paul Harvest ever got greased and smeared.
You thought I'd have all asked him.
Now this story that somebody just facts in, what are some good stuff coming in now?
I mean sure enough.
All from the same person. I like this course.
He's not it.
I don't know what to say.
After the first 45,000 of those stories, it gets a little bit ponderous.
You know what I'm saying?
A newborn baby girl survived an ignoble birth after slipping down the toilet bowl of a moving Indian train
under the tracks when a pregnant woman unexpectedly gave birth while relieving herself on two.
My delivery was so sudden, said the burry calby.
See this is even a letter. I don't even know if this is for real.
I guess it is.
From now who news?
Burry calby mother of the infant born two months prematurely.
I didn't even realize my child had slipped from the hole in the toilet.
You don't follow me?
Uh, yeah.
Not far though.
I don't understand what that means.
Calby, a 33-year-old woman from the village in Rajasthan, faded on the toilet seat after the birth for a few minutes before waking up and alerting her family.
There's a baby in the bowl.
Oh, I see.
Look at that.
It's, oh no.
See how I didn't understand.
It slipped down the hole and out of the tracks.
Yeah, you didn't know that's how they do it there.
Maybe that's why that career Roma comes from, but I don't think so.
They stopped the train and ran out of the tracks to find the baby.
She said, speaking from her hospital bed in the western city of Ahmedabad.
Ahmedabad.
Railway staff at nearby station were alerted and soon found the newborn girl lying unengineered on pebbles by the track.
She's now in intensive care because of her premature birth doctor said.
Most toilets on Indian trains are filthy shoots which emptied directly out of the tracks to loose like tracks, baby.
How do you like that?
So she gave birth and the baby flocked down into the toilet and right through the hole under the tracks.
Nice.
I'm not saying a word.
Okay, I don't want to get into a whole ethnic thing.
I mean, aren't there like almost a billion people in India?
There's a billion people in China and half of them live in Toronto.
And thanks to whoever sent that information to another small community.
Are you a fan of that?
About the British Commonwealth thing in Hong Kong and about how, whatever.
And they could live wherever they wanted it.
It still doesn't explain why they came here.
I mean, Canada obviously was part of the British Commonwealth.
And still they got this obsession with the Queen and the whole deal, man.
The Queen's on the $20 bill.
Let me, let me reach into my wallet.
Oh, gonna pull out a loony.
No, you don't keep loony's.
You need to change in your wallet.
I don't know what a loony is.
Loony is a coin. It's a $1 coin.
Tony is a $2 coin and a loony is a $1 coin.
You sound a little loony to me.
Well, next time you come up here.
That's right.
I'll show you the road.
So I'll throw you a loony or a toony.
Let's see what that price of oil is right now, Mr. President.
Oh, thank God we hooked that long American...
You up to the oil and rack, not all the lies.
Oil 101.43, a barrel.
What a bargain, baby.
It's up $1.79 today.
There's the Queen on the $20 bill.
And I never noticed that before, but it says French first.
V-I-N-G-E-V-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E-R-E
I think.
Hillary Buck-I-Girl.
If Hillary Clinton were St. G. B. Ohio, G-O-G-E-L says, this is a no-fills kind of place, suspicious
of grammar.
Barack Obama's promise to make politics cool again doesn't necessarily resonate here.
Eight presidents came from Ohio and the coolest was William McKinley.
Oh, you can't get much cooler than that.
When I grew up in Cincinnati, we always rooted for the players who worked really, really
hard.
Not the ones who were so talented they made everything look easy.
If Hillary were a baseball player, she'd be Pete Rose.
Mine is, of course, the unfortunate gambling issues and the tendency to scratch inappropriate
places while standing in the infield.
Oh, not in Italy.
So there she was Wednesday here in Zainsville holding an economic summit in the gymnasium
with a huge table, stuffed full of participants including the founder of Weight Watchers, former
Senator John Glenn, the heroic astronaut who once put the entire Democratic presidential
convention to sleep with his keynote speech, and it got over Ohio-A Vice Presidential
hopeful who looks like an unidentified passerby.
We have to start acting like Americans again and roll up our sleeves and start solving
our problems Clinton said launching one of the least exciting discussions of economic
development and memory.
There she sat, one of the best known human beings on the planet, the first woman ever
to be a serious U.S. presidential contender, the face that launched the thousand books,
the former first lady, current U.S. Senator, and survived with the most famous sex scandal
of the century, and yet she's managed to become the boring candidate in this primary.
This is one of the great anti-glamour stories in history.
How could Ohio not relate?
If Hillary can win this one and if she doesn't use his cooked as reheated risotto, it'll
be because people here worry that Barack Obama is getting show offy.
Not his fault, contrary to rumor, he's not planning those people who have fainted from
exemite at his rallies, nevertheless they continue to topple, and by now Barack is so
used to this particular crisis that it's become almost part of the rally routine.
If we have an ENT in the house, I think somebody just got faint, he said calmly when a woman
keeled over in front of the stage in Cincinnati, they just need a little water or some juice.
At the debate on Tuesday Clinton followed through under promise to hit Obama hard on the
campaign fliers that she said, mischaracterize her positions on trade and healthcare, she
had been building this confrontation in terms usually reserved for professional wrestling
grudge matches.
But earlier that day a right-wing radio commentator at a John McCain rally denounced
Obama in terms over the top, then McCain felt obliged to apologize after that a sloppy
quotation mark in an after-pantlet summit, pretty petty.
What's the Clinton campaign come to when she can't equal the non-ciation time from
a right-wing nut job?
Back around debate 10, low those many debates ago, Hillary routinely wiped the floor with
Barack, he was reluctant and stumbling, she was confident and presidential.
Then his Adam Nagourney put it out in the Times last week, he suddenly evolved.
Now he's better than she is, common woody at crucial junctures, always to the point,
never obsessing on the small stuff.
After this week's debate 20, Hillary's people gloated over the fact that Barack and
City agreed with her entirely on several key points, as if this was the mission of
weakness rather than the key to his campaign.
They promised to find whatever consensus there is in Bill Mountain.
If Hillary is stumbling and maybe because he just isn't a good path to take, nobody
wants a bloodbath and fighting against the first possible African-American president,
he can be as tricky as going up to the first possible woman.
Still, she might have been able to handle all that and the fact that he's a product
of Kansas and Hawaii in Kenya of Christians and Muslims of a single mom on food stamps
in the Harvard Law if he didn't also turn out to have the best learning curve in political
history.
You don't often see a candidate out of trajectory like Obama's and at some point it will inevitably
head down again.
But until it does, even the original Bill Clinton would have a hard time beating him.
If things don't go well for Hillary over the next few weeks, so are her consultants may
need retrain for a promising new career-say-and-mote-tell management, but here's what I hope she understands.
She's done fine, and she probably have won the nomination walking away if Barack hadn't
picked this moment to mutate into Barack.
You do your best and if things don't work out, it just wasn't your time.
Life isn't always fair.
All of which Ohio understands very well.
Got all over the fresh ground beef.
They couldn't quite explain it.
Sometimes this just happened.
It's a...
1145 at 560 W.K.
And just stop making coal for me in another burger-y, a likely story of Fat Bitch.
Well, she couldn't.
She is just... I don't know, I have no words to describe.
In fact, I go to great lengths to make sure that her post never comes on my TV screen.
What about her face?
Or that either.
And the reason being that...
Because I watch CTV News every night at 6 o'clock if I'm home.
And she's on on the same channel between like 5 and 6.
So I make Dan sure I don't.
And not even one second.
You follow what I'm saying?
I don't want you to see the carpo thing at the end, you know.
I don't want to see her.
And the same with Dr. Phil, who needs a big pill.
Do you have the size of his?
That's dumb.
Do you have the doctor for you?
Yeah, Dr. Phil, good old boy.
Phony, Phony, Baloney.
And you know something, he's exactly, he's the nail version of what she is.
Only she pulls it off better, you know?
Right, well, she created it.
She's a much better con job.
Wouldn't you think?
Imagine.
197 vote on you, a second poll there.
187, excuse me.
And Chris is very excited about it.
I'm extremely excited.
No, you're not.
Hey, what are you talking about?
How old were you when you first engaged in oral sex?
Maybe that's why he's excited.
19 up, 63.
16 to 18.
And I keep in mind that we don't have like a lot of young whippersnappers to listen to the show.
So that kind of like, you follow what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
Kind of like colors the whole thing.
Ever color your thing?
Not lately.
19 up 63, 16 to 18, 57, 13 to 15, 42, 12 and under 17, 9%.
11%.
12 and under.
Let's do the over standard.
Let's get any care on the phone.
What do you say?
What are he's doing?
He's still alive.
I don't know.
Never have had oral sex 8.
Never engaged oral sex 8.
That's 4.2% of our very, very essentially hysterical audience.
I don't know.
That doesn't surprise me.
There are people who do other things, you know?
Welcome.
But never let them.
We're not going to do a full on that.
I'll guarantee you that.
I don't need a Joyce Tom.
Not anymore.
Look at this one, which we've done a long ago.
But I'm not all that confident about this one.
Because you know Joyce.
You know what?
That clearance of a long time ago about how Joyce has a problem with penis and vagina, remember that?
Yeah.
He did.
He did say that.
How we understand why?
All these things seem to be fitting together now.
That's a bad way to put it.
The two sons of Anne Richards, the late former Texas governor, objecting to an internet video published
by Swallow Reclinton's presidential campaign that suggests their mother would have supported
Clinton.
Clinton's campaign had permission from Richard's youngest daughter, Ellen, who said in the statement
provided by the campaign that her mother was an ardent feminist who would be thrilled by her friend, Hillary Clinton's candidacy.
I believe that if my mom were alive today, she'd be stomping across Texas and around the country supporting Swallow Re for president.
Her statement said.
Richards was governor from 91 to 95.
She died in September 2006 at the age of 73.
The two-minute video on Clinton's campaign website comes a week before the Texas primary and targets women voters in the state.
So many women around Texas and America are saying, wish Anne was here for us and for Hillary a female voiceover says on the video.
Today Anne would be asking all of us to make a statement.
She'd be traveling every small town in big city in Texas, urging all of us to take a stand and be counted to make a difference and make history.
It says while a picture of Richards and Swallow Re appears on the screen.
This one's for Texas, this one's for our country, this one's for Anne.
But son's Dan and Clark Richards, partners at an Austin Law firm, say nobody can know who the outspoken an opinion they'd have formed together would have supported in the race between Clinton and Barack Obama.
As her children, we never presumed to know her mind went alive and we're not prepared to make a claim as to who she would endorse or what she would do if she were still what as they wrote an email last week.
We're not granting permission for her name to be used in advertisements on behalf of either candidate.
The email provided the Associated Press by Dan Richards was sent to Kathy Bonner, a friend of their mothers and member Richards administration.
Bonner's working with Clinton's campaign and sent Dan and Clark Richards an early copy of the video February 19 to make sure you're okay with it.
Dan Richards said in interview Tuesday that they denied permission and he's angry as hell the campaign pushed the video anyway.
He said the campaign contacted him again last Friday to ask him to reconsider if he deserved his objections.
They asked me if I would sue the campaign and I said no, I wasn't in the business of suing the campaign, but I didn't think they should do what he said on telephone interview.
I tried to present who she'd endorse year and a half after she died, trying to do that is offensive to me.
Kathy Bonner said in interview that after Richards sons of their third video was edited to remove photos of the family.
We're not saying we speak for the family Bonner said she said the video was a statement from the former governor's supporters about the strong bond between Clinton and Richards.
In other words, another freaking lie, desperate act of desperation swallery.
And Richards' fourth child, Cecil, is presently planned for an Federation of America.
He spoke to him for the organization in return telephone call Tuesday, 19 coming from Cecil.
I wonder if Cecil is related to Lucille. Remember Lucille by little Richard? I'm sure you do. I've already got it.
You know Lucille? You got it? Lucille? Yeah, Lucille. That's what they had on that train in Inger.
Lucille, thank God it didn't go over that little baby that fell out the toilet hole.
I guess that baby fell out of more than one hole on that thing, huh? Oh boy.
There he is, little Richard. Hey, you fair. Hey, Richard.
Two of two on the second floor, we get to a minute and we can go home. I just got that hole.
You see it? Oh.
One bottle of lemon, one bottle of lemon. Two of these fruity. Yeah, that was for you.
Oh, thanks so much. I thought you were going to play two of these fruity Alice.
Oh, there you go. You don't want to be doing that. Don't be making fruity Alice.
He's got some health issues right now. I figure what it was. Of course, norma sends me a lot of emails about stuff that you don't care about.
Yeah, well, you said it. I didn't. You thought it though. I thought what? You don't care.
You wanted to try to make me sound like bitter and hard and honest. I don't care.
I really don't care. I mean, you know, something bad would happen. It would be unfortunate, but nevertheless.
Sad arrest at the onion, reporting that electronic voting company, Die Bull accidentally revealed it already had rigged the 2008 Lexington favor center John McCann.
Those are the saddest at the onion keeping my, but nevertheless, a minor software glistens the Die Bull corporation today
because thousands of electronic voting machines to accidentally release the results of the 2008 presidential election
much at a schedule reports a straight face onion news network post in the video.
I don't even know if I can enjoy the sham election now that I know who's going to win said one voter on the street as another one rude.
If he can't trust you, shadowy overlords to keep a secret, what's the purpose really of voting in a puppet democracy?
A bogus spokesperson for Swellery has shown before the press saying Clinton isn't about to give up just because she lost the election.
She'll give up when she's supposed to on election day and she'll act surprised.
The real Die Bull gained into me for allegedly misunderstanding elections in various states, proud of the led to its CEO's resignation late 2005.
The company's elections of city area was rebranded as premier election solutions in 2007.
Like like changing the name is going to change anything which accrues me to a long.
I think we had to take some calls today. No.
Not.
Now how are the calls on whatever day that was Tuesday?
You know, smattering is splattering.
What is smattering your good calls? You just just smattering calls.
You know, I'll go remember the olden days when we used to have calls and like it'd be like on a roll there and you'd think that they ate all their people out there participating and then that was it.
It would last for like a segment or two and that was it. It was like that.
Oh, and then what?
And then I spun wax.
No, you definitely not. I know you didn't.
No, I didn't. I just didn't.
You just said it aggravated me. That's right.
It was just spinning wax.
We could do that though, but I'm not going to.
Anyway, in a couple of minutes we got that Neil Deal coming up.
Blue Moon.
Can't.
The way men crawl springs is the food area by the way.
No, not yet.
It is coming all right.
Either is Martha. That's right.
You sure now? I'm positive.
Because they've been on with us a couple of times before.
And the food is always sensational.
And every attack is saying she was on her way.
Really? Thanks Martha.
We love you.
I do.
And don't do anything to Dr. Chris's food.
Okay, he's already gone.
Go ahead. Doctor it up.
Yeah, Dr. Maiai.
You can do so wrong.
This, this pool, I don't know.
I think we need a different one.
You wonder why?
Well, there's nothing wrong with the pool.
It's just that the numbers, you know.
I don't like reading numbers.
That's all he does is read numbers.
The numbers from the pool, the numbers from the presidential polls,
and the numbers, numbers, numbers, numbers.
Typically.
It was a toss-up.
She jumped at the chance to answer it.
What can you tell me about the man who's going to be Mr. Putin's successor?
Well, I can tell you that he's a hand-picked successor.
But that wasn't the part that got noticed.
He knows that?
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
All right.
Vladimir Putin.
No, expected to be elected president of Russia Sunday.
Hillary is ever so slight stumble.
Medvedge.
Was that good?
By many folks?
Not running for president.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Medvedge.
Oh my god.
Woo!
Medvedge.
Full disclosure.
I did not know his name.
I only knew it began with an M.
I had to Google it.
I still can't pronounce it.
Demetri.
Medvedge.
Now, Hillary's slip-up is hit the web.
Dabbed by some.
Hillary's W moment.
A reference to the time George W. Bush,
then a presidential candidate, was asked who the president of Pakistan was.
I can't name the general.
He was general.
From general.
And these people are, oh my god.
Goodness, good.
How are you?
A little bit.
Tuntide.
Another word stupid is basically what it was known who's stupid.
Not Tuntide's stupid.
Totally unqualified.
But nevertheless, don't confuse American people with that.
Do you want to know why?
Why?
Because they can relate to it.
That's why W had so much popularity once upon a time.
Remember those days?
Once upon a time.
Before most people realized he was way dumber than they were.
Well, one thing when he was just dumber than they were,
well, they realized he was way dumber than dirt than they thought, well,
maybe the same such a good idea.
There's that tasty face fat-faced fart from a buffalo, Tim Russard.
What a fool he is.
Turtard, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
Well, I never thought I'd find the kind of ride that I'd be doing
with the round days today.
Now, as a classic set of wheels,
fixed up the way a brother would die, I'd be.
Now, if it'd been a time that had the drink as cold as a dime,
I'd be the best of the best.
I'd go to jail, and I'd be quit gerrying yoong.
Aw, baby.
Coconut, a good oughta beary-charigin' bee, baby-beaut.
Aw, baby.
Shining in a velvet, twiddles, really busy, Tim Russard's been chintin'.
Now, so I'd downstaff the road, and I'd be bad at Super Bowway.
Now, when they're all there, God don't take deals,
so they'll get around the beach in the praise.
I'd 1979, my own boat, Catalina.
She's yo' lookin' bad now, he's my baby, Cadillac.
Aw, baby.
Coconut, a good oughta beary-charigin' bee, baby-beaut.
Aw, baby.
Shining in a velvet, twiddles, really busy, Tim Russard's been chintin'.
Yoong.
Oh, baby.
I'd grab a wedding those down,
on the hot summer day, because the hazy dough won't run away.
The sweaty pressure of our seats starts to swell,
and gets the touchy wagged over time.
I'm a vaccine you find, the shining grandest, my leg lie.
Thanks, my coffee, Janet, to the Southern Washington,
it went on the road.
So long, baby.
Over the coconut, a cherry, cherry, bee, baby-beaut.
Aw, baby.
Michael Schaffick, who's growing over speed bumps,
they've been chintin'.
Aw, baby.
First, for the audit theory of the fancy-tipy, baby-beaut.
Aw, baby.
Couple three and five sixty w.
I don't think we've ever done this before.
All 50 certificates are gone, and they were being processed.
Am I reading that right?
Yeah.
Chris?
Yes.
How's that possible?
They're well known.
They're perfect.
They got good food.
Yeah, well, that's what I said.
One of our most, but I mean, in...
By the time I was able to click on the wqm.com,
it said, um, quantity remaining, and it's zero.
Oh, right.
It was kind of like dual fiber resembres before we left across the street.
Oh, 0.
They're all gone.
And what's they're gone?
They're gand.
That's right.
So what are you guys eating now from Humeon?
I'm sure of my bone.
They're like in the parking lot or something.
Oh, they're just arriving there.
Well, you know something that's...
Tell them when they get there.
Guess what? All of the stuff is gone.
But you're still gonna eat, though.
Right.
And rape about the guy who didn't know you could see the kind of stuff.
Nothing that it isn't on that copy, but...
But obviously, since this is the third time they've been on with us,
the audience out there is so enchanted.
See, one thing about a place,
if people really fall in love with it, and...
Right.
The food is sensational, and the service is good,
and the prices are right, and stuff like that.
They will jump on these things, man.
When I say, get praised, they were poised, baby.
I do like that, jolly, Joe.
How do we sold it out in about, like, five seconds?
I'll fit the them.
Each are hard out of footsie.
Oh, and did I tell you what footsie is doing now?
He finally got off the best pizza, which he...
He moved that thing for about 75 years.
Now he's on the best cheeseburger in time.
And he's doing it the same way.
Two at a time, every day, day after day.
I'm gonna tell you something.
This is... I don't know.
This market.
I got some really amazing stories here, by the way.
But what?
About 9-11, for example.
And about McCain's birthplace, and he may actually not be qualified.
He may not legally be qualified to run for president.
Newly released records obtained through a Freedom of Information Act request,
contradict the 9-11 commissions report on the 9-11 attacks,
and raise fresh questions about the role of Saudi government officials
in connection to the hijackers.
The nearly 300 pages of FBI timeline used by the 9-11 commission
as the basis for many of its findings were acquired through a Freedom of Information request filed by Kevin Fenton,
a 26-year-old translator from the Czech Republic,
the FBI released a 298-page, hijackered timeline on February 4th.
The FBI timeline reveals that leds hijacker,
Hasma Al-Gamdi, who was aboard the United Airlines Flight,
which crashed in the South Tower of the World Trade Center,
had booked a future flight to San Francisco.
He also had a ticket for a trip from Casablanca to Riyadh,
the capital of Saudi Arabia.
Though referenced repeatedly in the footnotes of the final 9-11 commission report,
the timeline hasn't been previously made available to the public.
The FBI timeline is dated November 14th, 2003,
but appears to have been put together earlier since the last day mentioned in the documents October 22, 2001,
and was provided to the 9-11 commission during its 2003 investigation.
The final commission report cites the FBI timeline 52 times.
The FBI timeline reveals that Al-Gamdi, the alleged hijacker,
was booked on a civil flight scheduled for after 9-11 attacks,
a piece of information knocked back in the commission's final report.
According to the FBI timeline, what I say, I said it right,
Al-Gamdi was booked on another United Airlines flight on the very same day of the attack.
On page 288 on Renentri pertaining to H. Al-Gamdi,
the FBI timeline reads future flight scheduled for part L.A.
for San Francisco International on U.A. in 7-E.I.50,
the source simply reads U.A. passenger information.
The timeline similarly documents Al-Gamdi's bookings for several other post-9-11 flights,
including one September 20th, 2001, from Casablanca to Riyadh,
another September 29th, 2001, from Riyadh to the Mons Saudi Arabia.
No additional information or explanation is offered in the FBI timeline itself.
In January 2000, here comes the most interesting part,
the Saudi connection.
Bomb their ass, baby.
Go in there and hook up the big American Jewels, oil wells,
and suck every drop of oil out of the ground here,
and just tell them to get more for, okay?
I'll hurry back to came back.
Uh-oh.
We got two more for a blue moon two came back after they checked out to pick up.
One down.
And one went over and a little bit quick.
If you've been trying to give one of those, there's one left.
I'm nearRodges.com.
I'm excuse me, w-t-q-m.com.
See how they got me doing, and I'm confused.
But that's nothing new.
Are you going to listen to this very closely and carefully?
Well, while I eat, yeah.
Oh, the food is there.
What do you got?
I got my filet with the blue cheese on top.
Wow, some vegetables and taters.
Oh, it's hot.
It's official now.
It's sold out.
What do you got, Chris?
Why I have sold out, but not official yet.
I'm not talking about that.
I'm talking about the food.
What a puss.
I think he's still picking through it.
Oh, what do I have?
I'm sorry.
I have a filet.
I've got a George play with green beans, potatoes, and some other stuff in it.
Very, very, very good.
In January 2000, an FBI director, Louis Free, and CIA director, George Sendod, attended regular briefings as Malaysian intelligence conducted surveillance of a terrorist summit meeting in Kuala Lumpur.
Among the attendees were Nawaf al-Hazmi and Khalid al-Mindar, two men who were later allegedly hijacked, American Airlines flight 77th equation of the Pentagon.
A week after the Malaysian summit, Al-Midar and al-Hazmi traveled to the U.S.
According to the 9-11 commission report, they arrived in LA January 15, spread about two weeks before moving to San Diego.
The footnote for this item shows that the commission relied on different FBI report, summary of PENT Bomb Investigation in February 29, 2004.
But the FBI timeline contradicts this plan, placing the alleged time records in San Diego with specific details.
According to the timeline, the two men resided in the Department 152 of Parkwood Department San Diego from January 15 through February 2, 2000.
A rental application shows that before renting a apartment, 150 Parkwood Departments on February 5, 2000, Al-Midar and Nawaf al-Hazmi alleged that they resided with blank, redacted.
From January 5 to February 2, the Department 152 of the same complex, page 52 of the FBI timeline reads, two pages later, the same apartment complex is noted again, this time with its full address.
In other words, according to the only public account, both Al-Midar and Al-Hazmi were in San Diego, not Los Angeles, contrary to the commission's report.
Why did the commission use an alternate source for the wear-boss of the two men when the FBI's own timeline said that were in San Diego by January 15, the same days they arrived in the U.S.
Paul Thompson, author of the Terror Timeline, year by year, day by day, minute by minute, a comprehensive chronicle of the road to 9-11 in America's response has been waiting through the FBI timeline since its release.
His preliminary analysis can be found at the website of the History Commons.
Thompson believes the possible motives for the commission of water the dates is to obscure official Saudi ties to the hijackers.
He points to the redacted of an individual person who is a known employee of a Saudi defense contractor, Omar al-Bayumi, who lived at the same location.
We know it's Bayumi said Thompson because after 9-11 the Finnish government mistakenly released a classified FBI list of suspects that showed Bayumi living in apartment 152 apartment.
It's also important that strongly suggests that hijackers already had a support network in Southern California before they arrived.
In the official version of the story now, the hijackers drift around LA listlessly for two weeks before chancing the gun across Bayumi in a restaurant, where a prom, he's an incredible good smirter and takes them down to San Diego and pays their red, etc.
But from the FBI's timeline we know the hijackers started saying if Bayumi's placed on January 15 the very same day they arrived.
So obviously they must have been a medit the report taking care from their very first hours in the US, which is huge because the FBI maintains to this day that the hijackers never had any accomplices in the USA.
Robert Bayer, former CIA case officer in the Middle East, who's seen or evil the true story of a ground soldier in the CIA's warranted terrorism, became inspiration for the word-winning film Seriana, can curse with Thompson's view.
There were enough discrepancies and unanswered questions in 9-11 commission report that under a friendly administration the 9-11 investigation should be reopened.
He wrote an email message to his minute, Bayumi clearly offered material assistance to the 9-11 hijackers.
Let's cover up that Saudi connexion. It's not good for business.
Remember Bandar Bush was at the White House drinking fine wine and smoking fine cigars with their presidential career.
Oh, cigars, right after 9-11?
Oh, but that's all paranoia. Niel, that's all our government.
Yeah, right. That's right. Our government is honest. Make no mistake about that. They never would lie to us.
So is the official sold out now?
Seven minutes.
We sold out in seven minutes. Let's hear it. Is that a record?
No, actually, they own the record if one minute.
Really? Well ours would have been less than a minute really if it wouldn't have been for the fact that there were a couple of...
There was Bokka again with his J. Byron's card. Well, guess what he did? He cut up, he sliced in half, his old Burdhines card and sent me half of the stuff in the...
Maybe that's why it took so long.
Did he really?
Yeah, his old Burdhines card.
Now wonder is Burdhines still in business anywhere?
Not that I would try to use one of his old credit cards. He didn't really have to cut it in half.
Wait till he sends me his old Zeris card. I can't wait for that.
Speaking of my 32nd year on the year in this market.
That was one of the most interesting... I don't know if the audience thought it was interesting because most of my listeners were over the age of 100.
They were death plus 20 at KAT.
There was a guy who was a professional credit card collector.
I don't know why the hell I found him. But anyway, he was against a my show.
A credit card collector.
Well, I don't know if he had...
He accumulated as many credit cards as he possibly could.
And then of course he used them, you know.
I see.
And so he inspired me, the fact that he was going to be on the show.
I guess I've booked him a few weeks ahead of time or whatever.
We're in reading the story about him.
So I said, of course, here I was making $225 a week.
And somehow, some way. At that time I had my first American Express Green card.
And I had my first Visa card from flagship bank, I guess. And that was it.
And that was it.
Yeah.
And I was able to get 80's in credit cards.
I started accumulating two and then of course using them and piling up all kinds of debt.
But anyway, so the day that I had him on the show, I'm trying to remember which one it was.
I had Neiman Marcus and I had Jay Byron and I had a bunch of him.
I guess maybe Jordan Marge, he didn't have.
Because he brought him in like in a big book, like he collect stamps and you know.
And he had all the credit cards like in display in a book.
And I had one or two of them that he didn't have.
And he just freaked out. He had to get an application for it.
Where do I go? What's the number and et cetera.
And like I said, it was mildly interesting.
Maybe he's not going back to you now.
I don't follow the lines. Maybe I am.
Maybe I am.
Fourth leader.
Hi, this is G Gordon Lee and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Have you been abused in the workplace?
Great or screwed?
Place your career in my silky smooth hands.
Hello, this is Norma Kent for the lore orifices of Norma Kent.
If you need me to conduct business on your behalf, let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore, but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800, there's so many men to explore.
That's 1-800. Maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas Day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California,
call 1-800, I want you to keep Neil hostage to South Florida.
Call now and you will receive a free cell phone, one that works almost as good as born.
That wasn't my cell phone, his name is Stasar.
Oh, maybe Norma is having a Stasar salad.
It's 12.22. Maybe he's helping him toss the salad.
So the Blue Moon Cross Springs location will be open for lunch in 2 weeks.
And they have a 2-1 lunch promo that they've been doing successful at the east side of Blue Moon for 10 years.
They're going to be doing in the Cross Springs.
They're both great locations. The east side is on the water there.
So the boats go by that kind of thing.
They've been doing the lunch there, so now they're going to do it at the Cross Springs location.
In 2 weeks.
Yes. 2-1 lunch.
Yes. Excellent thing.
Okay, and we thank them profusely because they're food is sensational and they're great folks and what's not to let.
Apparently everybody knows that.
Well, obviously everybody knows it because as soon as I clicked on it,
it's a little remaining is zero.
And I thought to myself,
Cabralay went first for the leaves.
Bingo.
Yoke them with the last chance for Florida.
Tuscola makes the stop.
Leafs win.
Well, there you go.
How do you like that? A miracle, man. A miracle on Icythi Macarena last night.
I'm sure George was there.
Oh, yeah.
Going go leafs go.
Go leafs go.
I think they're saying go team go.
Go team go.
I'm going to have to move my plate over here.
See, this is very unfair.
Although I don't need it because I'm trying desperately to get back into the 180s again after moving up to 194.
Did I tell you that?
Yes.
You've been on the virus.
That was very bad.
But now I'm like 190 again.
So I'm on the verge.
Maybe tomorrow morning I'll be like back in 180s again.
That's good.
We're eating nice at Kinsey steak now.
What would you say with blue cheese on it?
Gray tag blue cheese, I believe that's right.
Mmm, man.
The question is that the parents of the Americans born outside the continental U.S. for generations,
they're their children in sparring to grow up and become president.
In the case of Senator John McCain of Arizona, the issue is becoming more than a matter of parental daydreaming.
McCain's likely nomination is the Republican candidate for president and the happenstance of his birth in the Panama Canal Zone in 1936 are reviving a musty debate.
Well, he looks pretty musty if he asks me.
When you say musty is the perfect word for him?
Very musty.
Musty and crazy.
But a service periodically since the founders first set quill the parchment and declared that only a natural born citizen can hold the nation's highest orifice.
And believe me, when it comes to orifice, that's his area of expertise.
So we're here.
Where the hell is he?
There he is.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bruh.
Bum bum bum bum bruh.
Almost since those words were written in 1787,
what's skin explanation there for size meaning has been the stuff of confusion,
law school review articles, whisper campaigns, and civics class debates over whether only those delivered on Americans' sore can be truly natural born.
How about if they fell through the toilet in the hole in the end, on a train?
Oh boy, hey, I'm eating over here.
Today no Americans to take the presidential oath have had an official birthplace outside the 50 states.
By the way, we had four dropouts there on the streaming, I'm not too excited about that, but it's fine right now, I think.
There are powerful arguments that Senator McCain or anyone else in this position is constitutionally qualified,
but there was certainly no precedent since there were a Dougan, an associate professor of law, Catholic University,
who was studying the issue extensively.
It's not a slandunk situation.
McCain was born on a military installation in the Canal Zone where his mother and father, a Navy officer, were stationed.
His campaign advisor, say their comfortable that McCain meets the requirement and note that the question was researched for his first presidential bid in I-9 and reviewed again this time around.
But given mounting interest, the campaign recently asked theater Olsen, a former solicitor general now advising McCain,
can prepare a detailed legal analization.
I don't have much doubt about it, Siddles, and who had it though, he still need to finish his research.
Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican South Carolina, one McCain's closest ally, said it would be incomprehensible to him if the son of a military member born in a military station could not run for prison.
He was posted there in order from the U.S. government, Graham, said a McCain's father.
If that becomes a problem, we need to tell every military family that your kid can't be present if they take an overseas assignment.
Doug and mothers explored the arcane subject of deaths, say legal arguments and basic fairness may indeed be on the side of McCain, a long time member Congress from Arizona, but multiple experts and scholarly reviews say the issues never been definitively resolved by either Congress or the Supreme Court.
Doug and favors a constitutional amendment to settle the matter.
Others have called on Congress to guarantee the Americans born outside the national boundaries, can legitimately see themselves as potential contenders for the oral office, but a beat but a boot put above.
McCain isn't the first person to find himself in these circumstances.
The last Arizona Republican to be a presidential nominee, Barry Goldwater, faced the issue. He was born in the Arizona territory in 1909, three years before it became a state.
The Goldwater didn't win, and the view of the time was that since he was born in a continental territory, the later did become a state. He probably met the standard.
But a beat but a boot put above wouldn't that be something like you've right before the election? All McCain can't run is not legal.
So let's stick to Mike Huckumberry, and instead that sounds good to me.
How many votes Huckumberry would you have?
All those Bible thumpers, baby, what?
If that.
Look at that. Minus 14 Celsius.
Sight, though, it looks really beautiful. Man, what's inviting? Most of the snow is gone, and once it's gone, you know what they say.
The biggest name of the state is a big central philosophy.
We're 85, 60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Get in and hold it.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama, unless...
Well, Fox fellow rallies are for very opaque.
Green tooth red next, green teeth green.
The other night, feel what he does best.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama, unless...
Hang up, hang up.
Take your little rally and hang up. Hang up from the highest tree.
One less knee, a country.
One more time.
Well, O'Reilly ain't no done I miss.
Only rock wingers could say things like this.
Frozen night, battle, farmers, wife.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama, unless...
Hang up, hang up.
Take your little rally and hang up.
I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama, unless...
When less knee, upon freak, you're gonna throw a ball at me.
There's me.
Hang up one more time.
Don't be hungry, don't be.
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
I like the time, build a background big old phone,
And drag the face of the ice down a gravel road.
Take them wax, wrench and twist.
Fill a cave, roll for flash off a ton of a bitch.
Hang up, hang up.
Take your little rally and hang up.
Hang up, white ass from a tree.
We'll let's deal com freakie
You know who's even worse than Villa Riley
What let's say again, you know that who's even worse than Villa Riley? No the people who watch him and
Oh, yeah, yeah, absolutely who would watch that listen to me have to be a crazy person
Villa Riley said this and Villa Riley said that and yeah great
Wait here's some exciting news. In fact this may cause you to want to reconsider lunch right now
This is so tasty American Airlines to offer new snack all right
But this is just I don't know I'm it's one of those years you know where the last cry or just vomit
American Airlines so today it'll change the snacks for sale in economy class and begin testing new beverages on flights during the next three months
Beginning Saturday American set items for sale on flights departing before 10 a.m. We'll include
GNS vanilla honey trail mix and
Megabyte chocolate chunk cookies for $3 each
On flights departing after 10 a.m. Lays stacks potato crisps will also be sold for $3
American said it'll test three specialty beverages and all food for sale flights through May 31
It's enough to make me want to get on a plane right now
Not on that airline though, but nevertheless it'll offer lip and green tea with citrus
Vitamin water and smart water each for three bucks each I know retested for one month
American food for sale program launched in early 2005 is now available on more than 14 hundred domestic flights of two hours or more
I want some of that GNS vanilla honey trail mix honey and one of them megabyte chocolate chunk cookies. Oh my god
I'm starting to blow chunks just thinking about it
Sounds so damn appetizing, you know, well how much is that flight gonna be like from Miami to New York? Well, that will be $2,700
But what if I bring my own snack, uh, what but what if I bring my own snacks?
Yeah, they you got to sneak them on man. They don't want to let you bring anything on there
I I don't care what anybody says I still say and I know I noticed that in economy class even though I don't fly
You can read it in the in their book or Canada. They they have like subway sandwiches. It's not that like subway
But stuff like that they you can buy, you know
What's wrong with a freaking sandwich right like a ham and cheese sandwich? I would be nice right that'd be great
Instead of trying all the airlines man every single one of them, especially as the years have gone by it's gotten worse and worse and worse
Trying to serve you gourmet meals, you know, of course you spend a fortune when you fly business class like you know on KLM when I flown to Europe a Zidane times
You want the approach
Deadfish or do you want the roasted rack of a guinea fowl?
You know oh my god
I'm about a swanson salvery steak TV dinner at least you know you know
I got news for I take it. Yeah, I was in crack macaroni and cheese
I'm just using my crap. Sorry. Boredons. Yeah, Boredons Mac and cheese
Unless you I shouldn't have said that because I'm probably going to we'll do it around today sometime and that cafeteria
I'm serious. They get the best Dan macaroni and cheese. I still don't understand why that is why in a cafeteria
I guess they got it down and you see you there's another area where we're comes to Qulinaria taste that you're yeah, I think you're sorry for off or mine
You like the buttery creamy? Oh?
Part of that oh yeah
Chris agrees. Yes, I do well. I'm happy for you
He's back. Maybe we can get a big bat and shrew when he's better than you that means he likes food more
That doesn't mean he's got better taste
He likes food more so that's what he's got better taste
He doesn't always hearing that from you fat people. It's like I'm fat. So therefore I mean
He's got lousy taste to eat anything. That's what that means. Oh, there you go. You don't you don't park up to that kind of a
Size without being where you go with having any discrimination at all right that catcher right
But they have the like in a big tray, you know that's in here. He's that the big trays of macaroni and cheese and
Like I told you they take a knife and they cut like a big square of it
And they put it on the plate for you and it's just almost crisp a little bit on the crispy
Now granted there's that mushy echeese melted, you know, I mean inside of it
But around the edges it's like lasagna, you know like crisper on the edges, which is weird love that right?
That's what I'm trying to eat. I didn't finish. I'm trying to explain you but you're such a hard ass no matter what I see
Oh, you're wrong. You got the worst days, Neil. You're wrong. You do have that taste. You like guys
Yeah, but if you've seen some of the guys that I
I'll pass you out because I have my portion
I'm just telling you you can take that in discriminating case. In fact if I have worse taste
There'd probably be a lot busier, but that's a problem. I used to think that
What does that mean that you had very discriminating taste until recently? Is that what you do?
I'm saying that's what I'm saying. I'm not gonna talk about who's upstairs sleeping right now
Let's go today
No school today no school on Monday
No school. I think he's finished with that no sugar tonight. They said are you Mexican? He said no, I'm finished
About the Montreal trip with the class and the whole I could do some of that
I think that was the end of it. You know, I think he'd rather have a good time and you know what?
I'm not so sure. It's not the right thing. You know what I mean?
Right for some of us now I when I was going to Michigan State
I didn't go to school. I'm not trying to influence badly any of you people out there
I might want to like advance your cells with higher education, but of course to me. It's all a bunch of crap
I mean you have to get a certain amount of education you have to speak proper English and you have to do with like certain things but
I'll do that
a bunch of garbage much a crap like algebra. I had 99 in algebra and what did that accomplish for me nothing?
I don't know so I went to Michigan State
I went I would drink my stir-brow with my buddies all night and to sleep in in the morning in this class most days
Go and take the exams and plunk them because I had no idea what they were all about and they asked me to listen
Don't come back. I said, hey now. Don't knock algebra. You might want to know that I do so bad
Consider I didn't graduate from Michigan State. I was there for almost two years of not going to class
I didn't do so bad. Yeah, but what if you need to find the value of X?
I know the value of triple X. How do you like that?
I'll bet X. I know the and my new the value of X-Lax course you never got the value open
Well, I don't know I never got I never got around to asking if any of those remedies really worked
Maybe they did work because she used to do it every day
Ever since he was a little girl she said she took a
Alaxid of every day since he was a little girl. Oh, there's rive Jeremy on city pulse. Oh my god
Glad I'm not on there. Good thing. I didn't have that lunch
298 on the pool and 11 people have never had 11 out of 290
3.6 percent never had a roll six
And probably would need me thinking about it if you weren't such a pervert and promoting your primate fuel
Just do it
But El Castro is giving up a position as president at the nearly 50 years
He says he's just not physically capable of carrying out his duties and I will miss him
That's the fact that's the fact
And he is uh
He is a man he is a man of integrity and sound judgment
There's a sports figure. He's a steady solid leader
He just hugged me and said
And what does it mean?
I don't know the president bush out of quote he wants them to have more sex a lot of it to make love for 30 days and a row
What does this mean for the people in Cuba?
One position um if it feels good do it
Oh, he sure is man. He's unspeakable. He's unbelievable
You know, there's just if he weren't so dangerous I could laugh you know what I mean?
Yeah, exactly if he wasn't destroying the economy and responsible for all these dead people and
Invading other countries in the sacrifice of human beings if we weren't for that
Yeah, and all the other uh damage. He's done the constant to sure all of these things
He was a hero in poison. He might be a fun guy to party. In other words, he might be uh funny on uh
Like a state of comic or something like that or sit down comic
320 votes on the oral sex pool
What do we have on the first one a thousand and one or something like that?
I believe it was a thousand oh thousand oh one yeah
See George is training you now no matter what I say. I'm always wrong
Well, no because last time I looked at what that a thousand
Let me see it again. You click on view previous. Okay. Let's go for a thousand and one. Don't you think I did that?
What does it say thousand and one?
Schmuck what now you usually when you figure a great meal today was the food grade. That was awesome
Oh, yeah, oh yeah, sensational. You gotta have that. I'll have them on every week
All right
I'm not every week but maybe once a month
Twice a month twice a week
Every day as long as Martha brings the place today
Why is Martha I mean what is this Martha? Is this some hot chick that you're all
Or she's actually some hot chick she's like the uh co-owner manager
She's a nice lady's what you should know. Don't start making moves on Martha for Christ. Too late. Oh
Well have a good time. Thank you
The economy skidded to a near-haul in the final quarter last year clobbered by dual slumps and housing credit
That cross people and businesses to spend and invest more sparingly
Come on spend more like I present. I don't want to I don't want to come on spend a lot of money. I don't want to
I don't got it. I got it, but I'm spending it in fact. I'm speaking a lunch
What I'm gonna do during the break at about 20 till two don't let me forgive an hour
I'm gonna call an order lunch
Okay, pick it up. Why okay?
Go pick it up and bring it to your uh mexican buddy and and me of course
I don't what are you uh what are you gonna get chicken Parmesan? Oh, that sounds good
And of course they put it on a bed of linguine now ask me if I'm gonna eat the linguine. I know better
I'm saying I won't know that. I'm not very good. Sure. I know better very very good. I ain't worth it
The college department reported today that the gross domestic product speaking of gross increased at a skin
0.6% pace in the October to December quarter
See, I actually am a very nice guy now the audience many people out there think I'm a rotten old hardass son of a bitch
And I can't be if I want to right I very seldom I tell everybody you're nice to a fault
Then it is correct to a to a fault of but then just you know
It's just nicely feel good to be a nice person. That's right. I have the same problem
I don't want to be a bastard. I don't want to be a treat other people like crap. You want to feel good about yourself
That's correct
The reading I'm changed from an initial estimate of months ago underscore just how much momentum how much
The economy is lost in the paracord of the economy collecting at a brisk 4.9% pace
Now what's that number again 0.6? That's like a number they have an errading across the street. Oh point. Oh point. Whatever. Oh
lots of oh
Economist hand-thought-on newly released fourth quarter gg. If he would have been bumped up to a 0.8% growth rate
Uh-uh the housing picture looked even more bleak in the new report
I got a good idea. Let's let's go out of business selling pup tents. I think we can make a fortune. Sure. You pitch them all
You know
pitch a tent. Yeah, no, not in my age
I don't believe you
Well, I'm not saying you'd seem possible, but you don't understand I'm an old man. Okay, I do understand that but I know you
You'll keep going so you're enjoying like they're energizer bunny. That's right
Builders last spitting on housing projects by a whopping 25.2% on an annualized basis in the fourth quarter the biggest cut in 26 years
And even though economic growth slowed inflation picked up an ominous mix
That could spell further trouble for the economy. I love that the way they put that an anonymous mix
Chris's
We used to have a lady named omnis at the w. I. N. Z. When I worked there. Her name was omnis us
Asa Beto something like that really lady. She was in our accounting
For traffic or something like that omnis one of these things. Oh, I'm what one of these things?
Maybe her name was maybe she was kind of Derek Asa Beto the jockey years ago
I'll tell you one thing about Derek Asa Beto he didn't get too many rides, but he sure I've actually got a lot of rides off the track
You know, I mean by that no explain it to me some up a little bit. I sure don't
Now that's the way I should have taken. I should read that every hour. Yeah. I agree people will be calling their friends
Oh, you gotta hear this by the way. I got an email from somebody asking what buggery
What
Silly as bugger
As if the newly confined confirmed fourth quarter ggp. I see now you got me I can't read
Well, how do I think you read after all that's for buggery right? Yeah, it's hard to do anything after buggery
God's kind of a pain in my leg. Yeah, it's hard to say that
As if the newly confirmed fourth quarter ggp figure of 0.6% wasn't chilling enough the labor department before today that new applications for unemployment insurance benefits rose
By 19,000 to 373,000 last week more evidence that the general economic sluggishness is spilling over in the job market
Let's take a look right now. Let me take a look by the way. It's still minus 14
It's supposed to get all the way up to minus 10 today
Oh my god
What a crazy person and I gotta go pick up food. I must I must be crazy
Like John Henry oil 101.3
101.0 and 30 cent of barrel. See it came back a little bit the S&P is down 12 the down's down
121 the NASDAQ down 20 I'm just doing this for anybody. It's got their here comes the bunny and there goes your money
That kind of thing
Now what about that exchange rate? I could go back to this network again here
But they don't want to show me maybe maybe Canadian almost a dollar three 102.90 and the euro
152 how do you like that?
152 against the American dollar the freaking euro. Oh my god
I better go to Europe this year while I'm still making a few bucks, you know
Because otherwise I'm never going to get back there again
Not I'm sure that no I think I've been here the last time although I was curious after that story
I had last week about how they're cleaning it up and sanitizing and stuff
I'm curious
Would like this summer you know when all the tourists are gonna be slumping there and everybody's gonna be expecting it to be what it always has been
What what exactly will be the lay of the land?
Can you see that?
I wonder what's the draw because you say the food there is a holiday as they say
I'm gonna tell you something the food isn't just bad. It is inevitable. It is
So obviously there's another draw a different thing I just spend a lot of a lot of meals at Mickey D's when I'm there
And that's not because I mean Mickey D's is okay. I've grown to uh, you know
I'm going to be able to handle it
But I mean when that's the best you can do there's one Chinese restaurant. I like very much Mandarin restaurant very good
But I mean how many times can you need to sing that in restaurant?
It's gonna be a week in Amsterdam you want to eat every meal like lunch and dinner a lot of a lot of days
I won't eat two meals I just eat one meal
Mm-hmm and then back in the days when it was really fun there
I was eating other things but that's beside the point
We can't get out of that here. It's a family show and Joyce. Oh my god. We heard that
We know you're perfect. Yeah, so what about it? You show me a guy who isn't a prover
And I'll show you a dead man. I'll show you a real stiff right a liar
338 votes on the pool. How old were you when you first engaged in oral sex
19 and over 129
I hope that old guy either croaked or he's out there right now listening to me read all the numbers
Oh, you're manning it in the old guys of numbers just numbers
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah
You're like on that checklist a month some pretty good numbers sweetie
Schmuck old toad
16 to 18 11
13 to 15
60 start to get a little bit young now and 12 and under 26
7.6% first engaged in oral sex when they were at 12 and under
Oh my god, I sure hope they were like under the bed
Never have 12 as it doesn't that's 3.5% had never engaged in oral sex
giving taking receiving thinking
So that's just sad
And you keep saying that I feel sorry for thinking sad do you think that that sad? Oh, you know
To never have heard at all. Yeah, it's kind of it's not too good
That's what we're putting it
Maybe they're doing other centers
Yeah, but
And that's all good too. Maybe they can't do anything
I think and that is also sad
Yeah, well that is very sad
But what you're saying is that they can and they ain't I didn't say that I said the
That's what you're thinking they can do whatever they do
I'm thinking whatever the reason whatever the reason
Well, you know what during this break I'm gonna sit down on the floor. I'm gonna have a good cry
Okay, I'll go there wait. Yeah, who could be engaging in oral sex right now is right speaking
Aren't doing it never did it never maybe they're never gonna do it. Maybe we should have that choice to the pull never will
Never up never in or something like that. How's that go never never three hundred and forty six
Go down a pole we're doing pretty good on the well of course. It's about sex. You know how that goes
Yes, anybody I know knows how that goes. I know how it goes. I'm looking much forward to my chicken farmer John
Yeah, that's gonna be one of the highlights of my day
See as you get very old. I mean ancient like me the highlights of your day are far different from what they used to be
Chicken Parmesan you like chicken Parmesan now please don't tell me you don't like that. I like Parmesan
You could Parmesan anything I'll probably feel real
Parmesan. Yeah, shrimp Parmesan all the Parmesan toenails Parmesan whatever exactly
Anything with melted cheese. It's like Dolce used to be so good. I love it. Great even the seats had cheese
Don't forget the cheese makes everything better
Dolce was good and they had good milkshakes. Yeah, what happened to Dolce? They went the way of the wind just like wags
They went south so many of the good places disappeared baby. They vanished wags and Dolce and
Sizzler huh sizzler
Sizzler for the buffet for the all you can eat
Scrip. Oh get all the place with all you can eat shrimp. They used to have the sangria
Oh, we're gonna go and I see you're gonna start to win this again
Listen, I have all the timers too for different reasons. No, that's not the point. I'm trying to make the difference
I'm making is that you're always bitching me out about this only the real old timers remember those places
Anybody of these if I hundred doesn't remember these but like the ranch house. I don't like that, you know
Why somebody will remember it like a monsoon
Somebody remember what the name of the place with the shrimp in the sangria. Oh
It was um, oh I was like oh, I know what it was and it'll come to me during the break. It's on the tip of my it's run my left
Please stop this
This is on it. This is not a tumor. It's the one the two-hour
This is an ABC news special report
Senator John McCain emphatically denies having any inappropriate relationship with a female lobbyist the presidential frontrunner
Deny that Vicki Iceland got preferential treatment senator McCain. Did you really have an affair with miss Iceland?
Yes, it was a very brief and where did you have your filthy sloppy sex roms
That there were sections and fundraisers and oh gross
How many times did you two go at it like two sex craze will the beast shaved and oiled up and ready for action
Hundreds of them and makes me one of them and things I haven't even eaten yet
So you've got a lot of people haven't you yes so many great great people and wonderful workers
Firemen to the place to to senior citizens to my wife Cindy
Okay, you're like a hundred years old. Did you use Viagra?
Obviously, it's a great experience. Is there anybody that's just so ugly that you just won't do them? Yes, senator
Ba ba ba ba ba ba brin
Ba ba ba ba ba brin
Ba ba ba ba ba brin
Ba ba ba ba ba brin
You don't forget we're gonna be in Iraq for six thousand years maybe in a course
He'll still be alive. He'll still be a president if he gets his way
But it was a very easy person what we also got two faxes subsequent to
You stay Charlie so sequins the chicken next song in the Dilemma indeed
Dalai Lama yeah, it was that they had the big pictures of sangria and they had all you can eat seem
Right these take Charlie's yeah, I have been in that I remember it was good or not because that's like a hundred years ago
Right, yeah, I'm not a child. We're having a 30-second anniversary, but my god some of these places have been closed longer than before Jesus was an infant
There was always the black aine in angus
Well, you were bringing up a puzzler. I don't mean causes of being all I grade the place that I love
It's nothing. It was great. I can't believe it's gone and what's it's gone? They don't come back
What was that place now? See this is on Sheridan Street and your neck of the woods in Hollywood?
I was a chain and they had a great salad bar. Oh
Stake in a stake in a very good right
I remember I can ale the new love stake in ale we used to go there all the time
That's probably why they went on a business. No, they're on oh they are
Here in I've been there's one on Kendall
I'm coming back now
Are you sir are you positive? I am sure well, consider I went there for Christmas for my parents
Well, the one in Hollywood was a good one and it's been gone for a long time
I hate that the fact that it's gone because once they're gone and
It was a good location too. Why did I place go under probably too many cheap old bastards in Hollywood?
That's why well they replace it with like a longhorn stake house, which is you know in the same general category
And they seem to be to be doing very well
Oh Karen says I've taken advantage of two different apprises deals. I want to say thanks
But I've been able to have a drink to your health. Thanks Karen
That nice Cal Karen and Alan
I thank them profusely that's sweet most people don't say hey
Thanks a lot for saving me all that money with these I know
Sorry, thanks Karen you're okay my book
Now what was it the stake in ale boy? It was good to have good meat and a great not a good salad bar, but a great salad bar
And nothing worse than a salad bar would like wilted lettuce and like you know generic
dressings and you know, you know, I mean yep
But stake in ale was damn good. That's probably why I wasn't there because you know the stake was real stakes
You couldn't gum it and the same with the salad it was crisp and like real young you had to chew it
Hollywood what a place. I wonder if our Greg Gidell is still working at the
restaurant there but I like Hollywood fine all things considered in country kitchen
I'll show you mid-grade be know. Did you mean in that one day? Yes, I did
Was it really him there's a couple times actually
Did he ask did if anybody liked him? We don't like you, Greg. We really hate you. He's never dead
He's got problems. He's got we all have our issues, but man. He's got some serious issues
Robert she in fact he's got so many issues that Norma can't want to represent him
I'm gonna tell you something when Norma can't well represent you that means you've hit
Bottom
That was pretty good
Robert's here in the truth dig.com. I was almost at the early times, but they they don't want to what you know
They don't want to put his stuff. He's way too liberal for them
In fact, there's this new fascist that bought out the early times. So God only knows what kind of garbage. They're gonna be publishing soon
What the times meaning the New York Times didn't tell about McCain writes for Robert's here as Republican presidential candidate John McCain twisted briefly in the win kicked up by that New York Times story
Suggesting its tropical favors for the personal favors of an attractive lobbyist for the telecommunications industry
I kept waiting for the public policy punchline
Surely the times with spell out just what it was that McCain had delivered to big media
Beyond what the paper originally reported and all two typical congressional request that the FCC speed up into review of broadcast licensing dispute
Vicky Iseman the lobbyist in question is praised on a company's website for extensive experience in telecommunications
Representing corporations before the House and Senate Commerce committees and for her work on the landmark
1992 and 96 communication bills now
That's a biggie because the 1996 legislation although you'd never have learned from this mainstream media at the time
Open the floodgates for massive media consolidation thus rewarding media mobiles for their many millions in campaign contributions
McCain was a big player on that Commerce Committee at the time and expected the times of revelations
Just how Iseman got McCain to help gift the media bearings with their dream legislation
Which by the way was the beginning of the end for all of us in this business that was the end of radio as you know it and I told you that's the time I was right
The revelation never came because the annoying reality is that McCain was one of the rare Senate opponents of the telecom
Build that Iseman was pushing as opposed to New York Times
Which like every other major major media led pushed for the legislation in case of the times without ever
Conceiting its own corporations financial bias in the matter
McCain was one of five senators and the sole Republican
Willong with Democrats Russ fine gold practically he Paul Simon in the Great Paul wellstone voted against the atrocious legislation
Which President Clinton signed into law
The Times which now has the temerity to question McCain's integrity on telecommunications policy ran a shameful editorial back then under the headline of victory for viewers
Insisting after the passage of the legislation that there was one clear winner the consumer
Seven years later the papers editorial observer Brent staples bemoaned one direct consequence of the passage of the telecom act under the title
The trouble with corporate radio the day the protest music died
noting that corporate ownership has changed what gets played and who plays it
Staples observed that the top two radio owners went from having a total of a
115 stations before the act was passed to 1400 between them afterward from 115 to 1400
The concentration of ownership in all media was the inevitable result of the legislation that the media mogul sought that far
We too nimpack was obvious only one year after the acts passage as Neil Hickey noted at the time in Columbia journalism review
Far and away the splatiest effect of the new law during the last year has been the historic unprecedented toy of mergers
Consolidations via its partnerships and joint ventures. That's changed the face of big meaning America
He then offers a staggering list of massive
multi-billion dollar mergers consummated during that first year
One of the early winners was Rupert Murdoch's newscorp which quickly became the biggest owner of TV stations
most ring its line of media property such as TV guy Harper Collins 20th century Fox
Quite a gift from legislation signed by President Clinton which perhaps explains the more relationship that subsequently developed between Murdoch and swillery
Murdoch sponsored a fundraiser of a Clinton senatorial reelection campaign in 2006
But when asked during the Iowa primary by Murdoch's vast media holdings including Fox News New York Post and the Wall Street Journal Clinton
Vector question avoiding any reference to Murdoch's you can see that there have been a lot of media consolidations in the last several years and it is quite troubling
It is easy to maintain and even hand it a fraisala mechanizzi appropriates the Bush mantle of course
I wouldn't vote for him. He's willing to let the Iraq war go on for 100 years and at the rate of at least 200 million dollars
Year that makes a mockery of his efforts to defeat earmarks and other wasteful government spending beginning with a massive waste and depending on budget
He's done so much to expose his capitulation on President Bush's use of torture is even more appalling
But it's absurd to attempt a pigeonhole mechanic as a patsy for corporate lobbyists when he's been in the forefront of key efforts to challenge their power
Says Robert cheer. How do you like that one for the old coupe
The yelling Ali Belchite had rolling and down a bat. Oh, that's right. It's the best political team on TV
And if you don't believe me just listen to them and they'll keep telling you over and over and over again
Well, let's agree the best political you don't want to use to say that before
When on crossfire the best political briefing until the now is it on anymore crossfire? No, but it was the best little political briefing
Well, that's good. Yeah, I can't stand people. They're always telling you how they're the best this the best that you know like
These parts leader you don't like that crap. Yeah, which doesn't even make any sense
No, doesn't make you know there's Ali Felsing. He's riding a uh something in the beautiful city of San Antonio
Oh my god, hey Ali you fairy
Well, I'm here in front of the Alamo and one might think I'm doing a little history drawer of Texas
But I really am talking to people like in the rest of these are the kind of queens that the media loves putting on here
People who are obvious here who are like selected for their queeniness, you know, I mean
stereotypes
It's like putting like a Miss and Andy Stefan Fetch it black people on here and saying or like, uh, you know, what's your name? Louise Jefferson?
Weezy
You know, people like weezy. I mean, it was a great show. I loved it. I love it. I'm weezy
Yeah, I'm a little queasy
I'm a little bit because you ate all that great food from blue moon and I'm what am I doing?
I'm sitting away from my chicken parmesan parmesan parmesan as Mr. Rico would say parmesan cheese
I wonder if he puts peppercorns on his chicken parmesan, you think?
I'm out for a reason
season
He's another one that's basically vanished into oblivion
You know on his make-believe radio station with his bought airtime and all him and his boyfriends there
Very strange. I'm supposed to be the old fag and yet he's got more these uh, I don't know
You know what I mean? Reveno. Oh, yeah
372 votes. Our goal was gonna be 400 I thought for this second poll. I thought that would have been just fine
You know, I mean all where fly? First would have been happy with that right? Oh very happy
Because that could have just total over 14, I mean even though we cheated with two different polls
Except for that old crude out there who who you know, he makes marks on his arm
Like kind of like what Jay uh, what's his name saw in that movie like hash marks
Oh
Those purple veins
Cheyelito purple veins
Requiem well, we'll be strong with you man. I know just because we don't pay the music. I like the other purple veins
What what does this mean what
Brandon says I saw them all on the news and the partner was crying. Who's he talking about the partner the partner was crying
I don't know what that means. I don't know. It says throw Jackson's up there. Jackson's for what ice cream
But Jackson's isn't a brand. It's a place right right, but do they do they make package ice cream? They they've got their own there
And it's great. It's phenomenal. They make it that you can buy in the store like in public store. I don't think so. I don't know. I don't think so
What do you mean you don't know you're very tight with those people? Yeah, I am, but I'm very tight with what's in the bus?
Staking quail the yes. Oh well, see I want to correct that I'm I don't want to like
Anybody be discouraged to go there because they are they're in tamaract 6290 and I'm West commercial Boulevard
They're in four-law today. I'll 60 if you have a North Andrews ad and they're in Miami in Kendall at
1990 South West 97 then so there's at least three staking quail silver. I love staking out. There's there's nothing wrong with it
Nope
Never had a bad deal there and the fact that they went out of business in Hollywood. Maybe that's a positive for them
It's not right now
They're going to lose those 50 to 5. Sixty two a.m. Thanks for it's leader. You got
Oh
So
If it's not so very hard to do
The name of the gate is the Bible
People you know the way
To your house
And then you burn it down
Oh
No matter what you do you can be
Oh
Oh
Oh
And
Dr.
Everybody
Speak the crap out of your kids
Your shoes are out of me bow
Don't stare from it
And touch it later
I
Don't make a sacrifice
All your kids out there just take this message
Okay, and just write it on your arm on your ass and that is that the religious people are the dangerous people the crazy people
And the more religious are there are the more dangerous and the crazier can anybody dispute that?
Because they make up all kinds of furry tales and they take old furry tales
They try to like force them on you well the Bible says this and the good books is that and bam
Stone your ass to death
Etc. There's Wilford Brimley again
With a free meter diabetes
Yeah, he's got diabetes he's got a big mustache and he's got a big fat head
I wouldn't be surprised if he's on Roids
That's steroids and Roids right
God he's got a big ass fat head he's got a big ass and a fat head
How can you tell him apart
That's the one of the must-eat-all question
Yeah, his ass got a mustache
284 folks and I pull out I want to read it because of too many damn numbers
But we're gonna go way over 400. I'm proud of that. I'm proud of the whole thing
Aren't you oh yeah
Tomorrow's our big 32nd anniversary show and already the gifts are pouring in telegrams
Oh my god, you know I guess after 30
Oh
And that's all man that was back a long time. It's never my OD
Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. That's cuz it sounded like everybody was having fun. It was a good time
That's right. We had this family at this fear day and the com rivalry
That's right people from other parts of the station who came in and actually listen to that show right now
That's right as opposed to in QAM where you go through the building or playing like
Probably power I would think no
I mean over there and yonder that corner of the building they don't really play anything in the hallways
I've noticed really yeah, even fruitcake out there to front desk
Excuse me here
fruitcake
What about us yeah, what about him? He don't have any thing going on he has a weird beard
I don't want to hear about it
Erie Burman in the nation says russard amplifies anti-Israel shmiracampaign against Obama
I'm talking about that fat pasty face Tim russard from a hero man. What a piece out. He's he is churred on a chair
That's all he is a big disgusting fat face pasty face churred on a chair
In her two thousand raised for the US Senate Hillary Clinton was repeatedly smeared for a 1999 trip to Romala
Where she kissed Palestine in first lady sous ha our fart and listen as our fart denounced Israel
Pictures of the kiss will repeatedly slapped over across the cover of the New York Post in TV ads and invoked by the campaigns of Rudy Giuliani
And Rick Lazio the flap almost the rail Clinton's campaign
This time around Barack Obama's benefit of even dirtier shmiracampaign with conservative Jews and conservative Christians
Rival campaign operatives and fringe conspiracy theorists in the gutter press like free republic world meddily and newsmax
circulating blatantly false emails and articles portraying Obama as a radical black Israel-hating terrorist loving Muslim
In Tuesday night's democratic debate Tim russard amplified the shmiracampaign by asking Obama about his endorsement by Lewis Farrakhan
Which Obama didn't ask for and who he is repeatedly denounced
I've been very clear in my denunciation of Minister Farrakhan's anti-Semitic comments
Obama said but russard wouldn't let the issue die repeatedly pressing Obama to reject Farrakhan
russard then invoked Obama's pastor and asked what do you do to assure Jewish Americans that whether it's Farrakhan support or the activities of Reverend Jeremiah right your pastor
Your consistent with issues regarding Israel and other than they were suggesting that Farrakhan impetimizes greatness
Obama never suggested any such thing
Tim I have some of the strongest support from the Jewish community my hometown in Chicago and in this presidential campaign Obama said
And the reason that I have such strong support is because they know that not only would I not tolerate any
Semitism in any form but also because of the fact that what I want to do is rebuild what I consider to be a historic relationship between the African American community and the Jewish community
At the end of Obama's answer Clinton said I just want to add something here because I faced a similar situation when Iran for the Senate in
2000 in New York I thought Clinton would use the opportunity to defend Obama noting the parallels of their smear campaigns but she did not
She did precisely the opposite bragging about how she
denounced the New York independence party back in 2000 when it was led by Pat Buchanan accused of anti-Semitism
In his book Hillary's term journalist Mark Tamsky called Clinton's the Nostez to the independence party a courage born of convenience
Russia would answer you suggesting Senator Obama is not standing on principle Clinton
No, I'm just saying that you and that you asked specifically if he would reject it and is the difference between denouncing and rejecting
Obama Tim I have to say I don't see a difference between denouncing and rejecting
There's no formal offer of help from minister Ferrican that would involve me rejecting it
But if the word rejects and her Clinton feels as stronger than the word denounce that I'm happy to concede the point I would reject and denounce
It was a smart response by Obama all of these smears will continue to linger and grow louder if he becomes an democratic nominee
But was undoubtedly a low point for russard and a moment when Clinton chose convenience over courage
bitch
But yeah, if I hand the like here I couldn't do it
Right now, obviously she somehow wins the nomination I would vote for her, but maybe I won't vote at all
Because we couldn't possibly survive another four years of Bush Jr
You know, which is all the McCain is although it even crazier if that's possible
Oh, here's the breaking news. I was wondering how long before they finally put breaking news Prince Harry is in Afghanistan
He's found those down by Taliban, baby
A lot of different organizations there is report on it for safety reasons. He should prevent media blackout has now been broken by other media
He's serving on the front lines in Afghanistan. Aren't you proud of Prince Harry as punch
Yeah, Sylvia's brin
I'd like to see him put the queen on the front lines over there
Look at this now isn't this nice my good buddy Ken from atobico right off the road
Atobico on terror, which is a Toronto suburb
Neil congratulations on your 32nd anniversary of excellence as a radio personality in South Florida
Where your significant contribution has made you a legend in your own time
You're a great source of information entertainment no one deserves recognition more than you
I toast you for your past and future achievements
With anticipation many more successful yours best regards came from atobico how do you like that? Thanks a lot
Can't have a great day. Don't freeze your eyes off. Well, it is so damn cold. It's just you know
It's one of those days when you look outside even though the sun is shining in his blue sky
It looks really cold. You know, I mean there's nothing else. No most of the snow is gone
Yeah, but it just looks just oh
Like an outdoor freezer. You know, I mean by that sure
And let's see if we got above minus 14. I don't know
Minus 13 all right right across the square to go get lunch at two o'clock
I'd play delivery man. Don't you think I'm a little bit old to be delivery boy? You're never too old
I'm not I let that's me man. I'm a go to deliver or to accept deliveries
Now what does that mean? Oh, if I said it, it probably has something to do the sex with drugs
Hey
Hey, listen if I heard a knock on a door and I opened the door and there was somebody you know, I'm saying delivering
Delivering I'd say hey come on quiet on in maybe I got a big tip for you or a little type something either way
Little something something. That's right. You're good tipper. That doesn't happen though, you know
Just doesn't happen 395 on the pool. That's not too bad. We'll make that 400 would plenty to spare
I think we can thank Greg for doing that Greg did a wonderful job on the pool and your absence Chris
Well, that he did he didn't give a crap about it just like George even care and just like you. Was he better than Carlos?
I don't know. I didn't have him
Well, what if anything was he better than Carlos? Well, what Carlos? Carlos?
Carlos, how the hell do you get? He doesn't tell me anything easy to remember
Uh, I don't know. I mean Greg was like like he was about four miles away
He was off mic most of the time. You know, I mean what he said was fine, but he was way off mic
Well, he's not just talking on uh, Jojo. Jojo doesn't want him talk. Well, I don't think that's what I'm talking
I'm like you're seeing a spot. How could he say anything? Yeah, usually if someone else is talking. It's usually a
Zack so you feel like you've got it from the factory
Yeah, like that. I don't I got it from a toilet seat. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You caught it from a toilet seat
That's right and maybe that's the toilet seat where the baby went flying down
I think you're 56c Bam
Right
Right
Stupid
Okay, one thirty two, if it isn't the B for C onions, I'll tell you one thing we can
agree on.
I think you know anybody who doesn't like onions, I don't know anybody who doesn't like
onions.
Like all kinds of onions, like sweet potato onions, or like scallions.
Now what's the difference between scallions and green onions?
No.
Really?
Just easy to say green onions.
Okay.
I don't know where that comes from but nevertheless.
You're positive now.
I'm pretty good.
When you hear this man, you're going to plots.
Everybody.
I'm talking to everybody who's listening to the sound of my voice right now.
Even those who usually don't pay any attention because they don't want to hear all
these bedtime stories but they just like the sound of my voice.
Listen up to this.
New York Times says one in 100 US adults are behind bars, new study says.
One out of a hundred.
Can we be proud of that?
Okay.
For the first time in the country it's history more than one in 100 American adults
is behind bars according to a new report.
Nationwide, the prison population grew by 25,000 last year, bringing it to almost 1.6
million.
Another 723 people are in lockteales.
The number of American adults is about 230 million meaning that one out of every 99.1
adults is behind bars.
Now I'll tell you something of the other of the other 99.1.
There are a whole bunch of them that belong there, including most of the government.
In incarceration rates are even higher for some groups.
One in 36 Hispanic adults is behind bars based on just the Department of Figures for
2006.
One in 15 black adults is two, as is one in nine black men between the ages of 20 and
34.
One out of nine black men between 20 and 34 is behind bars.
The report from the Pew Center on the States also found that only one in 355 black women
between the ages of 35 and 39 is behind bars, but that one in 100 black women are is
B.
The reports methodology different from that used by the Justice Department which calculates
the incarceration rate by using the total population rather than the adult population
as the denominator, using the Department of Infidology about one in 130 Americans is behind
bars.
What a bargain.
Either way, since Susan Uron, the Center's managing director, we are really getting the
return in public safety from this level of incarceration.
No.
Well, that's because a lot of the people on the outside, they're crazy people with guns.
They're shooting up a whole bunch of folks.
That seems to be the new epidemic now.
It's like a hobby.
Caught on big.
Sure.
You're in school or at the workplace, you're pissed off.
Tell them how much it takes.
We tend to be a country in which incarceration is an easy response to crime as you want
to continue being tough on crime is an easy position to take, especially if you have
the money and we did have the money in the 80s and 90s.
Now with fewer resources available to the States and reports said prison costs are blowing
a whole in state budgets.
On average, states spend almost 7% of their budgets on corrections, trailing only health
care education and transportation.
In 2007, according to the National Association of State Budgeting Officers, states spent
$44 billion in tax dollars on corrections.
That's up from 10.6 billion in the 87, a 127 increase once a decent for inflation.
By 2011, the report said states around traffic spend initial 25 billion, plus that's
put everybody in jail.
It caused an average of $24,000 to imprison somebody in 2005.
The most reason you're for work day is available, but states spending varies widely from 45
grand year for each inmate in Rhode Island to just 13,000 Louisiana.
What's the other comfort you'll understand?
Do you think that's a good movie for them to watch the little homework assignment?
Yeah, that's just about the K-John.
Yeah, the K-John.
Still it's good movie.
As in, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, just tells you how dumb, Louisiana.
Long on.
If you're in Louisiana, that's the operative.
The cost of medical care is growing by 10% annually, the report said a rate that will accelerate
as the prison population ages about 1 in 9 state government employees' works in corrections
and some states are finding it hard to fill those jobs.
California spent more than $500 million on overtime alone in 2006.
That goes on, on, on.
The Pew report recommended diverting nonviolent offenders away from prison and using punishment
short of reincarnation.
Re-incarceration for minor or technical violations of probation or parole.
I like that.
How about we have these people reincarnated and come back like his cockroaches we just
step on?
It also works for states to consider early releases of some prisoners.
Like for example, all of them damn drug people, man.
I wonder why this article doesn't go into any detail about all the drugies, the dangerous
drugies who are behind bars and what percentage they go, comprise of this grotesque staggering
number?
Because that's America for you.
Man, the DEA is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
If they ever loosen the laws on marijuana or any other drugs, at that point then they
go out of business.
You follow what I'm saying?
I know.
It's all punitive.
People exactly what I'm saying.
It's a cottage industry.
Let's go to cottage country A or just do cottage.
What's a cottage?
I'm sure cottage is like what you say when somebody dies.
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah,
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah,
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah,
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah,
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah,
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah
Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah, Yisgadah
I was kind of like a dieting thing, you know? Obviously it didn't, the diet part worked but the rest of it didn't. You know what I mean? He wasn't a dieting dieting. I'm dieting over here. And the more I think about it, the more I kiss the ground, I just kissed the table here. But I wasn't there at the track that night. Would that have been horrible? I would have started. I would have been sad, yeah. You don't want to see somebody that you like dieting. Right. It's not a good thing. Although there are some people I know,
I would mind seeing them, not people that I like. Oh yeah, I got a one list of those. Not Mama Sita for example. No. Yes, no. Yes, no. In other words, you just want a full call. I'm going to have a full call. That's the whole call of the extra.
Holy Makinah, this is Joe Bourne, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority, Neil God. It's just these guys, Nick and Subs and whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they're just like them like that they run the water court, the weed, and they're high. And they're, I mean, it's terrible.
But here's an up and look at listening to 6K and I'm not here.
Are you showing me?
Oh.
It's got had a bone and took a hit in Woody. I'd like to eat you some.
Can get the munchies and make brownies filled with hands and Woody share it with Jesus and the saints.
The fire is finest and yeah, yeah, hot is great and yeah, yeah, hot is good and yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What a God, no cannabis, smoking pot like one of us, getting high on the back of the boy, just hearing Moses getting so old.
Neil God.
Or not. This case may be 146 almost out of here, man. We got the jerks back from his trip to LA and he's out there now.
He's going to be doing a show from LA or is he?
Well, I always remember.
Yeah, let's assume so. Let's hope that he's out there live and safe in LA.
And of course, so the heat are going to lose again tonight to the Lakers. I'm sure. So he can tell you all about that.
And of course, the Panthers lost last night and a shoot out to the Toronto Maple Leafs. That was really something.
They're the experts, man, with a minute to go out again, they blow the lead. They had a two-nothing lead, then they had a three to two lead and they lost again.
Well, that's the Panthers for you. That's their specialty.
A Roman Catholic priest is in jail this morning facing several felony sex abuse charges. This is from Albany, New York today.
Father John Broadwick, who is in the Montgomery County Jail accused of having inappropriate contact with at least four children, all of them in the same family.
I shouldn't have read this upfront. I should have just gone with it.
Police had the alleged abuse to replace over the course of several months last year. The victim's parents tell investigators that Bradenbrick was a trusted friend.
All right.
News 10's the meteorogannalous has more on the relationship between Broadwick and his alleged victims.
47-year-old Catholic priest John Broadwick is facing four counts each of sexual abuse and endangering the welfare of a child.
Local Attorney John Erotakis has been representing the alleged victims for about six months now, and they say they and Father Broadwick had a strong relationship.
Extremely close, extremely trusting. The priest was involved in many aspects of the family's life. He would often perform sock puppet plays with the boys.
A croit Erotakis, the alleged victims in their family, live in the Palatine Bridge area of Montgomery County, and although Father Broadwick is from the Syracuse diocese, he would come with the Albany diocese to administer to the family.
The attorney claims that the priest abused his role as spiritual advisor to the family, and abused the four boys ages 5 to 11.
The parents walked into the basement playroom and discovered Broadwick with his pants removed and one of his socks placed into his erect penis.
One of the victims was kissing the puppet sock at the time that the parents walked into the room.
Oops!
Broadwick told the shocked parents that he was hot.
Yeah.
I bet he was.
And removing his clothing and thought that he would not be considered nude if the sock covered his member.
That's hot.
Erotakis believes Albany diocese would have known about Broadwick working there, but in a statement that the diocese, he spoke to him, said,
John Broadwick is not a priest of the Albany diocese, and the Albany diocese has had no knowledge of him prior to learning of this matter.
Though these are first allegations that were talked to this in sort of, he's been looking into Broadwick's background and found the priest is often surrounded by children, or the surprise.
He lists church youth group, church choir, and church camping activities. He then adds that the alleged victims are suffering in the family as life questioning their faith.
I can't imagine why.
And so should everybody else. Meanwhile, Broadwick is in the Montgomery County jail on 50 grand bail.
Sockpuff, it's baby, there you go.
You bet.
He was hot. Is that what you do when you're around and bunch of little kids?
Sure.
Joe from Toronto sends me a fax. How do you like that?
Congratulations on 32 years of great radio.
My parents have spent the last 30 winners in South Florida.
About 30, man.
I have found that South Florida is a very cold place. The difference with Toronto is that it's only the temperature that's cold.
At a boy, Joe, have a great day. Thanks once again.
I like that.
He says it very well. The temperature is cold here.
In South Florida, it's the people who are cold right now.
Old, hard hearts.
You watch Tomorrow, though, man. There's going to be an outpouring of emotion on a 32nd anniversary show.
32 years on here in South Florida, baby. From WKAT to WNWS to WYNZ, the Zeta Ford and WYOD to WQAM.
All of these things.
That's right.
And here we are still going, still doing it. I was going to say going strong. That would be.
What we did in the last book anyway.
And don't forget, a week from tomorrow next Friday is the trend.
All right.
Next Friday is the trend. We got two good months going in there.
I'm dropping off a decent but not sensational month part of that.
So thank God we finally got that Augusting off our back when George was on all month.
Yes, sorry about that.
I just thought I'd show that in there for a little zinger getting the record.
All that crap we're talking about my bad taste.
I know my macaroni and cheese, Mr. Let me tell you that right now.
All right.
And if I were to take you to Woodbind to go punch your brains out and have a great time with that.
And take you up into the cafeteria there at Trackside on the second floor.
Do they have a Saladbury steak too?
They might. They just might.
Because I like to take the gravy and put it on the macaroni and cheese.
Oh no!
That ruins the whole thing.
Are you crazy?
I'm crazy if I have to ask.
Yeah, well yeah.
You're putting me crazy.
Meat gravy on macaroni and cheese.
And you're the same guy which I agree with you.
It doesn't want to look like a wet sandwich.
Right.
Well if you don't want moises of red, then why the hell would you want mushy gravy on macaroni?
Noodle's are made with water.
They're boiled.
They're boiled.
They're boiled.
They're boiled.
They start out wet.
You know what they do with them though before you eat them?
They drive them with a towel.
They rinse them off.
They go under here.
Hopefully they get some creamy ice out of them.
They're coming right here in my hospital.
So they're going to make my work hard possible.
Which I haven't been eating too much lately because I'm not going to eat them.
I'm tired of it.
I do.
You do like it?
Yep.
I don't know.
I can have some extra time.
You're dinner night but you know what?
A couple of times a week.
You don't want to.
You have a couple of times a week?
Yeah.
That's all right.
Well it's the flavor we've been eating for a long time.
It's like we've been eating for a long time.
It just doesn't have the tremendous effect on your blood sugar which you shouldn't be worried about.
I should.
And I did lose a lot of weight doing it that first time when I first got it.
But one thing I've discovered about losing weight.
We're dieting or whatever you want to call it.
Yeah.
You always find it.
Well almost never worked for you a second time you want to.
You're trying to train your brain out smarts it.
You know what I say?
You figure out a way around it.
Yeah.
Your mind knows what you're trying to do when your brain out smarts you.
Is it all?
Oh no.
I know what this is all about.
No more scack ins for me like that.
You know.
I'm telling you.
Have you tried uppers?
Speed?
Cocaine?
What are you talking about?
For weight loss.
No.
Okay.
Quit peddling drugs to me.
Okay.
Jesus with my delicate condition.
It's the last thing I need to be doing is taking a bunch of damn street drugs.
God.
What a crazy person.
How about some prescription drugs?
I got plenty of those, man.
Oh yeah.
I got not the ones that Chris has taken there.
The viking.
That's got any viking over there?
I don't have no viking in.
And you forgot to remind me at like 20 to 20, which is a good thing because it only takes 10 minutes for them to make the food and they're getting cold right now.
I could nuke it.
You know.
I could nuke it and later we could puke it.
But like that.
You forgot to remind me to call in my lunch order.
That's right.
Hey.
Don't forget.
I wish tell they had macaroon and cheese.
You got me hungry for that right now.
You don't need it.
Parmesan is on a bed of green.
Which I shouldn't eat.
That's right.
It'll kill you.
It'll kill you.
The macaroon and cheese.
Don't do it.
Maybe I'll wood my later on tonight.
Can't you, you can't envision how they do it.
It's like cutting out a piece of a spare thing.
It's more like a baked zeddy as opposed to other carnivans.
I like that.
That's exactly what I'm talking about.
Like a baked zeddy.
It's not baked macaroni but it's damn near like that.
Right.
I didn't get into that.
In other words it's like I'm sure you can relate to it.
Not too hard and not too soft.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I'm sure you do.
Speaking of that here's the last two.
Okay.
Now the last break here's only three and a half minutes in my right.
Chris for some strange reason.
Yes it is.
339 total for me.
I beg your pardon?
Three and a half minutes with your retina.
I don't even need to know that.
I said the last break is three and a half minutes.
This guy no matter why I say he's got to correct it.
I know he's trying to be helpful.
But it's like 339 30 22.
Well that way you can plan better you know.
No wonder Curtis ripped you in ass the other day man.
He said you were the most disgusting and he didn't say it.
Really?
No he didn't say it.
Well maybe he did.
Let me be thinking.
The best out of two of his real politics.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
It's day out.
With Miami Town.
A few good at 560.
WQATL.
Goodbye Chris Farley.
You great big fatty.
Always acting like a great big fat dumb retard.
And every film you'll ever made.
Too bad for David Spade.
His career could fade cause.
Olli has left his dad lay mode TV show.
He won't be making bloody movies no more.
And you want it to be just like John Belushi.
And have John and these children.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
You gave us lots of laughter on Saturday night.
But you were way too young to die.
Too commit fat men to a side.
Goodbye Chris Farley.
What did you eat to?
Blow up like a big balloon eating like a fool.
That would only bring you a certain day.
The farmers are upset.
And all you left was some cable movies and a few tales of your past.
That will fill to make community poos.
And you want it to be just like John Belushi.
And have John and these children.
You finally made it.
But we're not too careful what you wish.
Your task is to hold a piano that sits quiet.
Now you reach the pizza in the sky.
You got so good.
I'm tired of it.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest names of this calendar.
And you're home for Miami Dolphins football.
Sports radio 560 WQAF.
And Miami for a lot of days.
I'm catching out of hand.
I'm catching out of hand.
