Alright.
New portion of this program will be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
Bebe Broadcast Group Inc.
What's your thing as the government jurisdiction will be that's as unique as I am.
That was good.
Listening to his voice.
The best FN radio ever heard from him.
47 ever heard from him.
Yeah.
Well, sir, this guy in the corner wants to ask you something.
I think this is the style.
Mm-hmm.
I think this.
I think that.
And FN.
560WQAM presents the Nino Roger Show.
4K content though.
That's just 5.6K news.
5.6K news.
5.6K news.
9K news.
And Broadway.
In other campaigns.
Call them free.
8.6K.
And the best one is that they can send them in 4.9K.
6K.
And just like his holiday, my phone is from Ryzen.
It is anyways out of the audience.
It's expressed by NEO.
It's given us a warning that we should be doing this for our Microsoft.
If don't be killing it, then we'll send you out this day.
If you want to see us pick down the NEO Roger Show.
5.6K WQAM.
The radio is fixed and it's not valid.
It's a lovely.
Yes.
Absolutely.
When they said of the cluma smoke, we knew that we had a brand new Pope.
Everyone says he's a perfect choice.
Great presence and a nice singing voice.
Oh, car and the ranting are picked as they heard it.
Now he's the new leader of the show.
Hey man.
He puts on the big hat happily.
The new Pope from Germany.
Here.
​He's holding from a painful chair.
​All around the world, he is resteered.
​I am wondering what's the deal?
​Will he get a brand new Pope meals so hot?
​The ranting her picked as they heard it.
Now he's the new leader of the Church.
Hey man.
He puts on the big hat happily.
The new Pope from Germany.
The Pope's mouth's stout.
The bomb's bomb's dope, God gave him the grass, the bomb's bomb's dope, he likes his smoking mask, the bomb's bomb's dope, he's a group he heads as a bomb's bomb's dope, the bomb's bomb's dope, oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
Guy in the high out, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left-gill air, left
Stop Stop The Bob stops Don't you fail Oh Yes, Oh Yes, oh Yes, Ahhh, Ahhhh
Now, taking to mind up there, Hiltu, ready to fill on water
Chill forget to take your pill, Nよ 蛇 it got enforcement
Take them to build and findichog forac moving boat
read before you choke and deal with torque of narrow water smoke
The Bob stops Don't Gaygay sonic,
the ground, the pop-up styles go, the legs are smoking man, the pop-up styles go, the
king's and crew's hands down, the pop-up styles go, the pop-up styles go, oh yeah, oh yeah,
oh yeah, the pop-up is getting higher, the pop-up is getting higher, the pop-up is getting
higher, the pop-up is getting higher, the pop-up styles go, the kings are the grass, the
pop-up styles go, the legs are smoking man, the pop-up styles go, he's a crew-be-ass
Pull up theEEe
And he took off the watch
through the first pitch
i'm sure you'd love to have a big message on cnn like this is really news okay
see what constitutes news
is it when somebody uh... who's a religious leader of particular denomination
shows up in a heaven like a
a religious mass
apparently that news
all things not news because anybody who was brainwashed into that crack doesn't
give a fine part about it okay like jack said yesterday jerks defline f about it
they didn't say fart either there were a lot of flying ass yesterday
there were a lot of fun all around and it comes on the year and well they're
picking on us they pick it on us and it's you know we're gonna pick on you
all right
to let put something good on here
we have to jerk show it to the saffron out isn't the heat season over officially
now or what Chris yes
it's over correct so what longer we're gonna have a
i guess the final time
yeah i've been to the two and two and see if taxes got any material in the
heat season or maybe he can re-craft the entire season ago you know game by
game lost by lost
mad dog four to six fifty and then from six fifty to seven we got the first
pitch with Jesse Agro the Marlon pregame report
marlins are on fire they won a game last night they're smoking it like the
pope hurricane hotline seven away high school grid I'm reporting tonight that
should have a tremendous tune in the audience followed by the v.a. show nine
to midnight boy Thursday he must dread Thursday
can you imagine coming in on heels of all that so I already I shouldn't
have told you this before the show
I should have laid it on your right on the air you would have fallen off the
chair of my experience a wood buying yesterday yeah
I don't want to rub it in because Chris gets all your full of crap you can't
win it you're right most of the time you lose
but I've been on a rolly the I think I've only had one
one losing day since I came back from whatever that vacation was remember
that vacation last month yeah Vancouver Montreal
a Montreal well I had to have a lot of wing days to make up for Montreal but I
was bad bad all that casino man they just suck the money that's all they do
they just bleed the money out of your ass but since I've come back I've been on a
pretty good role that's because I'm using my head a little bit and getting
why I blindly look now yesterday I go in there and like I've been tundered a
dollar wheel of fortune machines are tight as a drum these days it would buy
don't go anywhere near them and I what's the first place I go yeah
dollar chance right over there but luckily they were jammed full there is no
no machine open I thought well I'm gonna say and some old lady that I know
they're very nice lady even over to the me ancient she says to me oh my god
these aren't paying at all today they just tear by said again that's right they
just got there awful and so that haven't been said I went and I picked out a
dime machine now see when I say you would die machine you're thinking oh
we're going to cross to dime every well yeah that is if you really want to play
the minimum credit what that is what I'm thinking yet no it's like 15 15
rose times two credits per so in other words it's 30 credits per if you want to
play the max and have a chance to win the big money so it's three bucks three
dollar machine but it's the same as the dollar wheel of fortune if you want to
play the max it's three bucks every time you hit the button see what I'm saying
mm-hmm and I hit a couple just a couple of times all of a sudden they were like
red seven there were four red sevens came up blazing sevens or are they
calling and the bell went off and I thought well I got four five hundred bucks
and I look up at eleven hundred and thirty nine bucks call attend and
hand pay eleven hundred thirty nine dollars and sixty cents and they came and
hand paid it and I called my cabbie Paul and I said let's get out of here okay
there's maybe maybe fifty minutes and hit eleven hundred bucks that's not too
bad Chris would have been happy with that oh yeah definitely it's spread of the
fact that I get up early on Saturday morning to go there and lose my money you
are such a okay let's take a look at the pool the black Thompson's got an excellent
column about last night's debate which I didn't know there was a debate yeah
we found it accidentally and oh my god I watched about ten minutes of that and
could put you in a coma horrendous the worst bunch of crap and Charlie Gibson
you know I guess he wants to be Carl Evan you know the senator from Michigan
always got the by-focus on the tip of his nose and Charlie Gibson's doing the
same thing why would you do that why would you do that on national television
when people actually might be watching millions of them and you're sitting there
with that stupid thing on the tip of your nose god the ultimate pseudo
intellectuals those are the people who were by-focus right down on the tip of
their nose oh he's got it had those to read the air right my glasses that I got
they got the by-focus they under like what do they call them graded okay lenses
I think they call something like that whatever they call degraded and degraded
I'm degraded just thinking I watched a couple I enjoyed step on top of this was
there too but he was I don't know what he was doing he was sitting over in a corner
the best male singer of all time that's our pool once we get to a thousand I
bet you we got that look at that there you go Charlie B's other pool is loaded
and ready to go nice job Eric as usual Eric will be pleased to know that I
ordered that to D-Link I just mentioned this so that the guy will send another
stupid facts hit you the link yeah he will the D-Link router it's on its way I
got on the phone I couldn't do it online because of certain things like order
on the phone and boy the guy that took you out I sure hope it shows up here
because have you ever felt when you talk to somebody on the phone it was
something important like ordering something or something with a bill or
yeah and the person on the other end was so like illiterate and so
smart me that you thought oh I sure hope I get what I wrote you know I mean
mm-hmm you ever had that experience all the time just this morning like that
kind of injured that helped me set up my internet account now he did he did
help me get the job that I got that think back on air but boy he was he was
like the pun job man oh what can this be washing the news alert I bet it's
about to pop okay let me look yeah pop and they can celebrate mass now that's a
news story get off my blackberry you creeps Jesus Kate Christ it tells you that
the church is universal yeah okay good that's the bad news see that's what
they think they think that everybody gets a flying crap about their hope I don't
care about them I'm not Catholic okay and either the majority of people in the
world not Catholic thank God the Muslims are Catholic the Protestants are Catholic
the Jews are Catholic the Buddhist are Catholic the people who don't want
their children they Adventist are Catholic what the people who don't want
their children raped dark Catholic right the best male singer of all time now we
did this pull that other time we had a thousand seventy nine votes don't you
think we ought to go for a thousand eighty for our change at Chris yes so give
us a feeling of like oh look at that we outdid ourselves like that Freddie
Mercury 141 Frank Snatra 120 boy that makes me want to cry oh my god oh listen
that you hear that Georgia snorted yeah he's a home not sure oh my god that was
special remember those days when Rick Riley used to snort oh yeah the good old
days the solid days yeah those days baby Freddie Mercury 141 Frank Snatra
121 what about the Pope he's singing oh yeah Elvis 80 Roy Orbison 72 first
time we did this Roy wanted and now he's a distant fourth week changing
audience maybe well I sure rather have Freddie Mercury win the Roy Orbison you
know what I mean Marvin Gaye 56 Jim Morrison 46 he made a little bit of a move
there at the end I bet he did make a movement at the end that's what they say
they do say that oh that's right well then though if you've got a croak don't
eat a lot good idea Elton John 43 Robert plan 37 Paul McCarty 29 John Lynn
28 Johnny mattress 26 the African Queen Michael Jackson 26 Billy Joel 22
oh my god Luis Miguel 17 Jay Black 16 CV Tyler 15 Bob Cigar 15 Gidey Gidey Lee 13
Gidey Lee 13 I want to say Gidey every time I see that Gidey he can squeak it out
Burton Cummings only 13 what's wrong with you people Paul Simon 13 Ronnie James
Dio 12 yeah you should live so long David Boy 11 George Michaels he's got 10
Neil Young 9 Rod Stewart 7 Rick Nelson 6 oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
Neil Sedaka 3 Gene Pitney 3 he was good he's dead Nat King Cole 2 he spoke too
much he had lung cancer he died VJ Thomas 2 Vian only 2 and fat stomato only 2
out of 898 1 of Virgin 900 already today's Thursday by the way that means it's our
half price deal coming up aren't you excited your excited yeah three food
coming all ready nice lunch and jolly Joe Bell was in the studio before the show
this morning right kissing my ass and sucky sucky with George there Licky Licky Licky
was great hmm see he's gonna take care of you I can feel it I'm gonna take care I'm
gonna take care of George I'll take care I've heard that before see so yeah
my religion better than your religion my religion better than yours you're fair
I believe you what's required you avoid a lack of fire my religion better than yours you
fair my religion better than yours my religion better than yours my religion better than yours
my my religion have the taste of industry and racial hate my religion better than yours
I religion better than yours I religion better than yours
what we like about it best I find for boys and wear red dress my religion
better than yours my religion better than yours my religion is better than yours
my religion is better than yours we have no respect for women driver cap to make a
comment
my religion
white religion
in court
My religion's better than yours!
Please!
My religion's better than yours!
My religion's better than yours!
We now condorce the Father,
You like overbrushed his few-hour meals!
My religion's better than yours!
Absolutely!
My religion's better than yours!
My religion's better than yours!
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives!
My religion's better than yours!
My religion's better than yours!
My religion's better than yours!
We know one that you's our reign!
We're mindless, let me go for it!
My religion's better than yours!
Oh boy, I've tried to make a lot of sense to me!
This old Gensvy, they sit around when the old Pope dies
and they sit around and they blow the smoke through the chimney
and they poke and they poke the size and they campaign.
And then all of a sudden, more of the Cardinals becomes the Pope.
And now he puts this outfit on and at beingly, and all of a sudden he's infallible.
Right.
It's like Superman's cape, isn't it?
Well, it's got a cape on.
The cape on.
The pointy hat.
You know, it points it.
Is that where he gets all his magical powers?
It points to heaven, you see.
That's how you know that he's in contact with God.
Wow.
I mean, you talk about stupid people and you talk about the media
just spreading this garbage, this nonsense, this vile.
Anyway, here's what Doug Thompson says about last night's debate.
Okay.
Which luckily, most of us forgot that it was on.
Hills Shill delivered for Old Boss.
ABC News, if that comic exercise in political pandery can be called News,
sent former Clinton bootlicker George Stepan Tophamus into Shill for Hillary Clinton
and wins the so-called Democratic presidential debate.
And the result turned into a tabloid debacle that surpasses even the extremes of Fox News.
Stepan Tophamus, the senior White House aide during the Clinton years, delivered for his old bosses,
dishing out 40-year-old dirt spoon fed to him by none other than right-wing blow-hard Sean Hannity
and other braindead conservative radio-blambermouths.
In a breakfast tone, Stepan Tophamus asked Obama about his relationship with William Ayers,
a former member of the Radical Underground Weatherman, moving to the 60s.
Ayers contributed to Obama's campaign once and hosted a fundraiser formed in 1995.
Like so many radicals of the 60s, Ayers and his wife, Bernadine Dorne, are mainstreamers now,
and part of Chicago's political crowd.
Then Clinton, right on cue, jumped in and said a presidential candidate should be judged by his or her associations
using the moment to revive the Jeremiah Wright connection and claim sanctimoniously that she's a boss such questionable ties.
An unbelievably hypocritical claim from a woman whose friends include felons and ex-cons
and whose husband pardoned two members of the Weatherman Underground.
While it's ludicrous to expect any TV-never-cop operation to have integrity,
ABC should have recognized the obvious conflict of interest using a former member of the Clinton White House
to moderate the debate that includes a Clinton.
Even in a profession where brains are optional, this seemed an old brainer.
TV networks don't give a damn about such conflicts.
Meet the press moderator, Tim Russell, was a staffer for former Democratic Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan.
Chris Matthews worked for former Democratic Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill,
although his brothers are a Republican political in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania.
In the interest of Folder disclosure, I took a sympathical from journalism in 1981
and worked for three Republican members of Congress, ranging from moderate Paul Fildi of Illinois to conservative manual Luhan,
Jr. of New Mexico, but never registered as Republican.
Any regular reader of this site knows Capitol Hill Blue is not a shield for the GOP or any other party for that matter.
ABC's stupidity Wednesday, putting George Stepon top of us on the moderating crew for a debate that featured
the wife of his old boss is the hideous stupidity and hypocrisy and is showing for Clinton surpassed
even the routine excess of our passes for news on television these days.
The question about heirs dominated cable news discussions after the debate for most mainstream news accounts of the event
either failed the mention heirs or buried the question in the bowels of their stories.
But the shield for Hill that is duty for his patron and the soundbite for heirs will probably turn up
in another Clinton attack ad this primary campaign as it winds down to his final bitter sorted and long overdue end.
Oh, amen to that.
Well, it's already Thursday.
Next Tuesday's Pennsylvania baby, finally.
Get it over with just like this mass.
I will have to annoyed.
Marie free.
I'm annoyed.
I'm annoyed.
Oh, about why?
This.
Now you said I'm annoyed.
You were singing it.
I said, but we are not bitter.
Let's enjoy the bitters.
What are bitters when you come right down to what the bitter herbs that you're supposed to eat to remind you of the, uh,
is that what it is?
Pace off?
Yes.
What do bitters have to do with pace off?
Isn't that what you're supposed to do?
It is.
It's news to me.
Lots of bitter herbs, things like that.
How about Kishki?
Boy.
Oh my God.
That's not a bit of juper-wide.
If I knew where to find some, I'd be out of here right now.
Where the hell's that thing?
Oh, here it is.
Have the season pace off.
That's what the Pope is here for, for pace off.
For pace over, if it was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for the Pope.
What are you saying?
I'm adding.
Bitters.
Let's see.
Here's a suggestion for your next poll.
It says, don't know if it's been done before.
I don't think so or if it has I forgot.
Is it interesting?
Is it cute from down?
It's done.
It's not, right.
It's done, quality-owned.
It's doable.
Or is the senator said, Krolyon?
Michael Krolyon.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Krolyon.
Just trying to be a real...
Yeah, redneck.
Fast, dude.
Yeah, well, he got his, maybe.
He got his, that poor prostitute.
Uh-huh.
She turned up dead.
Anyway, considering that most homes are being built very close to each other nowadays, what's the worst thing that pees you off about your most about your neighbor?
Pisses you off.
Along the cats and dogs to crap all over your lawn.
Work on their vehicles, jacked up on Senator Bluxley, leaving parts all over the place.
Allowing their outside dogs to bark and bark all night.
Leave their Christmas lights hung on their house all year.
Oh, yeah, all the real geckys.
Stick their nose in everybody's business to create trouble like my neighbor crosses the street.
That's her.
Trying to proselytize and convert all this other crap.
Blast up, not just music and party till midnight several times a week.
Painter, house in an insane color like real blue or plaid.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah, plaid.
That's always attractive like my boxers shorts.
Park their cars partially on your yard or in front of your house.
Never mow the grass.
It says this might be a good one because we all know people love to hate each other.
Thanks for a great show and congrats on your knockout.
Contracts is done.
Thank you, Don.
We got one for tomorrow up there, but that might be good for next week.
What's tomorrow, Friday?
Last time in the show.
How are we doing on this best-to-meal singer thing?
934.
We'll be that over that.
Well, we're going for a thousand eighty.
81.
Why is that?
I thought it was 81 of us was getting it.
No, the old one was 1079.
Oh, yeah, boom.
You are such a knucklehead, man.
Well, you know, you'd have been good with mow because that was knuckleheads work together with the stooges.
What is the name of that fit?
Stoodge, which one?
Oh.
Oh, well, that's not it.
The one I like is this.
Seconds to die for a crime he didn't commit.
I don't think that's like a fan.
Oh, on the lap, he seeks to clear his name.
Have a citizen like me.
He's the one wearing a ring.
Only the one on men knows the truth.
He is the stoge of him.
Why could he be free?
Where'd he go?
The police are at his ears.
Very engine chunkelman charged with a violent crime.
The stoge of him, starring Mowhall as the technical delight.
I wonder where that lunghead is.
That's the one armed man.
I didn't do it.
He did it.
And, currently hollered out.
The stoge of him.
The stoge of him.
Right of all, for us.
The stoge of him.
The biggest name.
The best out of Tito's new projects.
4.60 QAM.
Thanks.
For its leader.
Oh, good.
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food.
Buying groceries never felt so good.
To that, I didn't know my credit was waxed.
Store security was breached in the database.
That has CRAP.
That's Phelsea.
My credit is crap.com baby.
I'm as food as I can be.
Thought about killing myself, maybe.
Now instead of eating, couldn't get in fact.
My identity was stolen and now my life is just crap.
CRAP.
That's Phelsea.
My credit is crap.com baby.
All right.
1031.
There is the pulpit again.
I'll see you then.
As a spirit's first person.
As a spirit or a vizmer.
It's a race on Saturday.
I can't stand it still.
Mata.
It's a, he certainly sounds very Jewish to me.
I don't know what's going on here.
And he shows up at pace all the time.
Who's he kidn?
This guy's a ringer.
They're St. Ratsinger.
It's a ringer.
That's where you're going.
I don't want to get too uh,
slots intensive, but this fax from Frank here is very disturbing.
Anyone who know why?
Because he doesn't know what he's talking about.
Well, it's not his fault.
It's the fault of the uh,
so-called Ray Sinos down there.
He ought to be going to Ghostroom where they got the real wheel of fortune.
He evidently is going to be a hard rock.
When you say you're playing the dollar wheel of fortune,
it means you're playing 15 lines with up to five coins or bills per pay line.
No, there are no-no, there are no such thing.
There are reels on the wheel.
A real wheel of fortune.
Real of fortune.
Real of fortune.
Real of fortune.
He's talking about the digital one,
which is not the real standard traditional wheel of fortune,
which nobody in their right mind should play those.
It says, if you leave it at one coin or bill,
then your wage would be 15 bucks,
or if you choose to add more coins or bills per pay line,
you could wade during up to 75 bucks a spin,
and then faint, so yeah, that's right.
That's why I don't play those.
The real wheel of fortune is a three coin,
we used to be when we had the coins, three credit game,
or you can play one, two, or three.
But if you don't play the full three, you don't get to spin.
You follow?
You know that?
No.
You don't know that?
No.
Well, I'm going to have to give you a seminar when I come down there,
how you play the damn style of the game.
Slides of the game.
My personal strategy, Frank, said,
is to play the nickel wheel with one coin per pay line
for a total of 75 cents.
Then once in a while, raise the coins to two per pay line
or a buck and a half.
Of course, praying to the almighty Lord,
I hit the free spin on a buck and a half instead of 75 cents.
Whatever that means, I don't know what that means.
Two cents about the poll.
Three singers with awesome voices not on your list.
David Coverdale, Coverdale White Snake.
Sebastian Bach, Skid Row, and Cory Taylor,
Skip Not and Stone Sour.
Are we going to put those on there?
No.
No.
Thank you and have a nice day, Frank.
You have a nice day too, Frank,
but you better start doing some homework on it.
Squeal a porch out of the street.
Bach.
Yeah, I was laughing at that one too.
Look, I read the facts.
Okay, I didn't do any editorial comment.
I didn't want to rip the guy.
He's obviously got some serious gambling problem.
I'll rip him.
Well, don't.
Don't rip our nice people that had make enough effort to it,
although the guy yesterday would have cracked about the word.
He's a router.
My God.
You got to be.
Of all things to be arguing with people about,
to beginning impurious and condescending,
well, you don't know anything, Neil.
Well, I'm not supposed to be like some kind of a technical wizard.
I'm an old fag for Christ's sakes.
The fact that I keep the studio running out going on seven years,
I think it's pretty amazing.
And the engineers only been here maybe four or five times,
including yesterday.
And if they would have told him,
go ahead and pick up a router and bring it with it,
because the old router is probably dead.
We'd have the phone thing going right now.
Am I right?
Yes.
So in other words, he would have come here for some purpose
other than just to investigate and tell me,
oh, the old router's had it.
Get a new one.
That's a lot of hats.
Did I order that new one on the phone?
And that guy that sent all those faxes yesterday,
he'll be pleased that I spent $142 for it.
Okay?
Too bad.
You don't like it too bad.
If that's too much tough crap,
I want a thousand of wood buying yesterday.
$119.60 to be exact on the dime machine.
So I think I can handle it.
Schmuck.
Oh, gee, you're getting ripped off, Neil.
Yeah.
Everybody wants to tell you how to run your life.
Have you ever noticed that?
Everybody.
Not just on the radio.
Yes, I'm generally right.
And it's usually people who don't have it as together
as you do.
Have you noticed that?
Yeah, people with no life.
Right.
First of all, if I had a life,
would I be sending all kinds of stupid ass faxes
to a top show on the radio?
Of course not.
Arguing about routers,
which router to buy.
And first, he starts out,
yes, they buy saying that routers don't go bad.
And then the second facts,
well, maybe yours did go bad.
Well, they don't go bad.
How did mine go bad?
Schmuck.
What a moron.
Long, ponderous swill.
Just like that Sudwin lecture,
a message I got from Charlie B.
last night in response to my skating comment.
Hey, yeah, well, just cut the crap.
I don't need you, Charlie B,
to run my life, run my career,
negotiate for me.
I don't need you.
Thank you anyway, but I don't need it.
For the polls, yes, we like him.
Keep him coming.
But stop trying to be like some of the...
I Sudwin lecture will A whole, Charlie B.
What you B, Charlie?
A whole...
A whole what?
Ass.
Oh.
949 on the poll.
I'll just read the top.
Couple.
Five, six.
Best male singer of all time.
Freddie Mercury, 144.
Frank Snatra, 128.
Oh.
Elvis Presley, 83.
And Royal Robertson, 75.
Marvin Gaye, 58.
Jim Morrison, 49.
Elton John, 45.
And Robert planned 41, only read from 40 on up.
And after that bunch there,
I wouldn't give you a dime for Snatra, Elvis.
I mean, I like Royal Robertson,
but if he's the one of the best singers of all time, I mean,
geez.
But then again, Rick Nelson's got some votes.
Hello, Mary Lou.
What, here's a...
No, oh no.
I got it here.
I got it all, man.
I got it all.
I got Marvin Gaye.
I got all these people.
I want to take some causes,
what I want to do,
and I'd be able to do it right here
if I had that router,
but it's coming.
I didn't ask this idiot on the phone how long it's going to take to get here.
And you know what, when it gets here, it'll get here.
Oh, hello, Mary Lou.
On Imperial Records, I believe.
The same wave looks back.
I'm here.
Mary Lou.
Good night, I'm here.
Good night, sweet.
Very good.
Traveling, man.
I've told you this before,
but when you're on for 100 years,
you repeat a lot of crap.
Yeah.
Because most of the people
used to listen are dead anyway.
But, hello, Mary Lou.
Oh, a traveler, man.
That was the first music video.
Was it Aussie Nelson invented the music or not?
I'm a traveling man.
I feel like I talk to him.
All right.
I like the Ricky Nelson.
I'm cutting the scene.
Just fine.
It was cute.
It was kissing.
Okay, that's enough.
Why are you insisting I'm playing Rick Nelson?
What is the name?
I'll counter with Elvis if you don't cut the crap out of the back.
Oh, my God.
Are you threatening me?
Yes.
So let's just have a stale, mate.
So anyway, isn't that kind of moderately interesting?
And they had Rick Nelson with the video
and all these different scenes in Hawaii and here and there
and whatever.
And they pieced it all together.
And it was a music video.
I'll take it.
What do you mean by that?
Wrap it up.
I'll take it.
No, I believe you.
I mean, that is interesting.
Why didn't make that up?
I mean, Aussie Nelson was never given credit
for it.
He was the mover and shaker behind that show.
Not that there was a...
There had to be a person.
What?
Music video.
Right.
And he was an Aussie's girls, which that was on for about what?
Five minutes.
I don't remember that.
Never heard of it.
They're all dead now.
Except for David.
David Nelson is still alive.
He's often so obscured.
He's somewhere just remembering the salad days.
Aussie and Harriet.
And what was the next door neighbor?
Never saw it.
You never saw Aussie and Harriet?
Not a second of it.
Oh my God.
Holy cow.
That is so much.
Does it?
No.
Oh.
Okay.
Never saw Aussie and Harriet even for a minute.
No.
I wouldn't know if they walked in the room.
Would you know David Nelson?
I mean, that's not a radio show?
No, it was not a radio show.
It was a TV show.
It was schmuck.
From black and white and everything.
Yeah, black and white.
It was a black and white radio show.
I think I don't know if it was not long enough to ever be in color.
I'm sure not.
Like a little major.
The first color TV was what?
60s or 70s?
60s.
Early 60s.
Yes.
Early 60s?
I don't know how early, but 60s definitely.
I had a big RCA color TV.
I remember that.
Who I've had so many TVs over the years.
With all the moving around you doing this business,
I used to like every time I'd have to drive,
I have to shut the TV and put it in the car.
Oh my God.
Big expense man.
Big expense you TV.
Especially the last day.
And not so much anymore.
And I can buy those big screen TVs for like eight bucks.
Good ones.
Eight bucks.
There's the Pope in the pocket of China.
Pasta for lunch.
Pasta for lunch.
Pasta for lunch.
You won't get no pasta in DC like you're getting in Italy baby.
I'll tell you that right now.
The food in Rome is just to die for.
I told you that, but you can't afford to go there.
Right.
And that euro.
Oh.
Let me take a look.
I don't want to get people depressed because I'm in a pretty good mood today.
I had a good day.
Would by this day things are going just hunky.
Do you remember Jim Doerring number eight?
No.
Oh God.
I get weak at the knees just thinking about how good he looked.
One thing about hockey players man is a lot of really, really hot hockey players
like the kid that, oh I'm speaking of hockey.
What about the spokesman?
He got swept.
The spokesman got swept.
Forget about that Jack Martin again.
I wonder if Joe Rose gave him crap for being the getting Candid's coach now.
He's going to pick his successor now that he's sticking around his GMI doubted.
Look at that oil is almost 150.
140 90.
Almost 150 bucks a barrel.
You think gas is bad now just wait.
You haven't smelled any gas yet.
Joyce is going to get really pissed off because everybody's going to be farting like crazy once they see the price of gas
4.5 bucks a gallon soon.
They're going to be, and it's over, it's like five bucks here.
117 times what?
117 liter is what per gallon?
There's 3.6.
Can you do the math on that?
I can't do the math on anything.
I'm talking about like on your, oh you don't have a blood there.
Almost $4 gallon.
It's almost $4 gallon is a gallon?
Yeah.
So it's not five.
How much per liter was it?
117.
117.
And the dollar 17 can you fix?
What is it?
And it's $2.3.
Oh the aluminum is 90, 86 and the euro is 159.
And the pound 198, 159 on the euro.
So you can't afford to go to the lake and enjoy that great pasta.
And the structure I tell them, all the other good stuff.
Unless they bring it here.
Or the real Italian pizza.
4.21.
4.21.
4.21.
The costy QAM.
The fourth liter.
The euro.
Yeah.
Welcome to another edition of what could be the final edition of the Jack Show.
No, no, no, no people.
Don't be fooled by the rumor.
I ain't going anywhere.
In a broomit, I'm yelling a little bit.
Yeah.
This here's your trucker, Tunga from Da Vista.
Wrap your brain around and I'll never drink nothing but meat fabulous about the heat.
The fantastical basketball team with a fabulous expensive cow.
Think that's all I ever talked about.
Well, I got news for you.
I got your love right here, homie.
Well, I can talk about Blue Nail or Love Other than this.
Bort's hoots of heat.
How about that, huh?
How about that game last night?
Huh?
How about that?
I only was talking about me, ball.
How about that?
Because I have a dream.
Me expensive cow with the heat.
How about that?
I've been radio-longing up to no, the audience doesn't expect anything more than the only thing I've concerned with.
How about that?
So the room is stuffed.
BOW!
How about that?
I ain't going nowhere.
How about that?
Now stand back.
Stand back.
You hear me?
Uh, but the cafeteria has.
How about that?
You found me?
I found you.
How about that?
Oh, wait a little bit.
I got a reload the cord.
1047-13-11.
Let's get some calls on here.
Okay, let's get your finger all sharpened up.
Is it sharp?
It is.
Poster.
I heard it was dull.
567-0560-0.560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Let's get these phones lit up.
Because when we took that poll a few days ago, oh, we want calls, Neil.
We want calls.
Yes, so do we.
We don't have any?
We have one.
Well, let's get them going.
One of the delay cases is up in about a half an hour.
And then you'll see that thing's going to explode in the phone, too.
QIN, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
At the end of the heat game last night, the announcer told us that from these ashes the heat will rise again.
Oh, my God.
From these ashes?
These ashes of hell.
I got another one for you real quick.
My aunt spent her entire life as a Catholic missionary working with a poor and even worked with the lepers in Africa.
And I don't think she did all that to be mocked by some guy like you.
So be a little more careful with your words, please.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
All right.
Money is it.
Ha, ha, ha.
Real funny, isn't it?
You are.
What you're showing.
You're a brainwash smart.
You don't see humanity.
Can't rid of this idiot.
God, what have I done to the humanity?
Oh, lepers.
Yeah, that's right.
I hang out with the lepers.
He's talking about the heat game.
That's the heat game.
The lepers.
Jesus.
God Almighty.
Oh, God.
And what does that have to do with the Catholic church?
I can't you do those things.
Work with the lepers without all these ornaments and all this crap and all this trappings and crappings and this silly big hat.
You know, I was sticking.
I'm watching because I got them on here non-stop.
Yeah, I'm not.
And it's like something out of a circus.
Sure.
I mean, if you walked into the like, if you got off a plane and you went to some country you never been to before and you walked into a restaurant,
you saw somebody sitting there with an outfit like that.
You laugh your ass off.
He's a holy cow.
What are you trying to be?
Pope.
You better choose your words a little more.
No, I'm not going to.
Here's another guy.
He wants to tell me what to say and how to say it and don't offend him.
I'll screw you a pal.
And nobody gives a flying cramp about the heat.
Hey, what's on the hand?
Why?
Why is it with the lepers?
Yeah.
You believe that?
No.
Okay.
No, he's just trying to be pissed off.
Right.
He's just trying to get me whipped up.
That's all.
Oh, I got that.
And you're really going.
Yeah, I'm going.
I've already been going.
I work with lepers.
See how the phone doing.
Getting cold.
Yeah, loaded up.
Just right.
Right.
Yeah, yeah.
Punch one up.
Q-I-M, hello.
Yeah.
That was run.
Yeah.
And like I don't know that.
Okay, no idea.
Why do you have to give me instructions like if this is the idea?
Well, I don't know, you know, because of your signility.
I'm going to have a long talk with Joe Bell about you.
I'm sure.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Okay.
Let's try another one.
Q-I-M, hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Are you?
Yeah.
Okay, sir.
Did you or George Cush be South Park episode last night?
No, I got home too late.
Drinking at the concert.
No, no, you guys.
Well, it was such a coincidence.
Hey, I'm coincidence.
Because you guys were talking about routers and the Internet yesterday.
And it was exactly that.
It was about a giant router and the Internet on South Park.
Great episode.
Great episode.
You have to see it, George.
Okay.
It's the same thing about plugging and unplugging and all that.
I see them all, so I'm really willing.
It was hilarious.
It was really just.
Yeah, you're f***ing kidding me.
Yeah, the other thing, Neil, is...
Man, that jerk show is terrible, man.
All right, guys.
Thanks a lot.
Bye-bye.
Thanks.
Now, I'll be knocking in because he's starting to whine on here a little bit, according to Chris,
gave me a spirit for it.
What do you exactly say?
He was just letting Carlos know that we were taking shots of them during the show, apparently.
Yeah.
And probably he shot it in the head.
Always, all I say on this show is that that show is just, it is what it is, you know?
I don't want to start getting used to it.
I don't want to start getting used to it.
Yeah.
Well, that's a good one.
Okay, let's move along.
Let's punch up all these calls because they're really quality.
I was pressing that first faker.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, you better choose your words a little more carefully because my aunt was with the Leapers.
She used to play the NBA, his aunt.
WQI and hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Okay, sir.
Hey, when does the definition of a War Hero change?
Because when I was growing up, I guess I didn't get the memo.
A War Hero was a guy with a gun that held off a division of fighters to his battle.
Like Audemurfe?
Yes.
Now a War Hero is considered somebody that loves bombs on Schulich Vietnamese from 40,000
feet.
I'll let you on my team, you know?
Is that a real War Hero?
No.
I don't think so.
I guess I can get the memo.
But what I'd like to see for a president is an atheist because an atheist really appreciates
the sight of these life.
They know we only got 70, 80 years here.
And we ain't going nowhere else after those 70, 80 years.
And I do know that will never happen.
Hey man, I'll pray for you, sir.
Alright, man, thank you.
Thanks.
A rule hot dog.
And I don't put him in hell.
Don't burn his ass.
And I like that.
And that's what we need as somebody.
And in fact, that hour and a half or however long it was, they wasted a couple nights ago on CNN with that values.
You know, this is the media again.
This is the media with this crap.
What about the help businesses that got to the president to be telling us about our values?
Okay.
Look at the garbage that, huh?
As if they have any.
And that's right.
There are a bunch of hoars anyway.
Oh no, we have to have a value based philosophy and we have to write.
Screw that.
They're all screwing and doing and chewing and whatever the hell they're doing.
That's their business.
Who the hell cares?
This is like all that Monica business.
Who gave a crap.
And of course, again, the media hopped right on it because it was really juicy and greasy, man.
And that's what they like.
That's what they like is the old juice.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Once he's trial, by the way, is it in May or?
Who the juice?
The juice.
I don't know.
Well, we can only hope really soon.
Okay, fire's ass.
Put him where he belongs.
Get him out of Kindle.
Get him out of Florida.
Please.
Send him where he belong.
Like an alpha trans will be good.
And the same with the what's his name?
Joel Feinberg, when he'll us his dealer.
And I think it's also in May.
May 26th, something like that in California.
We're going to have people out there to cover it.
Are we?
Oh, yeah.
Or the big O is going out there.
Walks off of the Joel Feinberg trial about beating up his girlfriend because he had a
bad day at the track.
Isn't that something?
W-Q-A-M, hello?
Hello?
Yes, sir?
Neil, I can't believe that you actually won a two-day, three-night vacation in O just
Florida.
Next call.
Q-A-M, hello?
Q-A-L.
Yes.
Hey, there's a guy that wrote a book what he does in the city.
He's interviewed Jews, Christians, and Muslim, ball around the world.
And his conclusion was, you cannot be a free thinking and intelligent person if you take any religion
literally.
That is correct.
The only thing is the greater the ignorance, the stronger the superstition.
That idiot that just called, his aunt was trying to undo God's work.
God gave them leprosy and wanted them to have leprosy if I looked at it down.
Yeah, don't be messing with the Lord.
Okay, the Lord's going to smote your ass.
That's probably a sense of the fissions.
That was the dog.
There's no fact in the church guy, I think.
Was it?
It sounded like him.
Yeah, it could have been him.
It sounded like him.
Anyway, Neil, I got a fact in the church.
Yeah, that was probably him.
Okay, boy, that guy sure is.
Uh-oh.
What?
Firefox is downloaded an important update.
Would you like to download it?
Oh, later, later.
Let's see, restart Firefox now.
All right, well.
What's wrong with that?
The Firefox download is taking about two seconds for Christ's sakes.
What's wrong with you?
Don't be so negratory.
It's such a...
It's a...
It's not an important thing.
It can wait for the next time you open it.
Oh, that's how many done.
It's already done.
It happens by itself.
But what?
It happens by itself.
I clicked with it.
What do you mean it happened by itself?
In other words, it'll update the next time you start Firefox anyway,
so you can just get rid of that box.
But now it's done.
All right.
Man, you are such a personickity little thing.
What do you call me?
A personickity thing.
A personickity thing.
976 votes.
Christ is really whipped up,
because next time we're going to go over a thousand,
we'll beat that ten to nine,
and then we'll change it to a Charlie B's latest
Suda One Lectual poll.
Your life's trolling.
Next time we have the Logics 4.205.60QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is the Neo-Rodger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Oh!
What do you mean?
It's 11-01560.
What if the Pope ever has holy diarrhea?
My imagine he does.
You think he does?
You think he does?
Why else would he have an diarrhea?
Well, if he's so close to the Lord,
how come the Lord lets him get diarrhea?
I wonder if he's got a papal throne.
That he sits on.
A papal towel?
Mm-hmm.
Then maybe he uses a papal towel.
But he has that oozing bloody diarrhea.
Oh my god.
Watch in this crap,
and they're all coming in and kissing his ring.
And he's sitting there and he's felling.
Oh my goodness,
and you wonder why the world is in a shape that it's in?
I don't wonder.
Oh my god, I wonder who wrote the book of the monotones.
I bet you got that.
I wonder what?
You don't?
I do have it.
Oh.
Let's start getting our competitive now over some stupid ass song.
That's a medley of their smash.
One hit wonders, remember those?
Yep.
We did that once upon a time.
That went over like Halify and Siberia, not good.
We don't like the one hit wonder.
We don't like anything.
We're in South Florida, man.
We don't like nothing.
We like the lepers, though.
I don't.
Well, I mean, from a distance.
No, okay.
Don't be picking on the poor damn lepers.
How do you like, how do you like to be one?
Might as well be one.
How do you like to have lepers see?
Oh, there, there, there,
there's slept in a Pope around.
Increased by winds.
I wonder where a forgetful is.
But who would go who?
Oh, who would go who?
Oh, look at these here, any anchors out there, just one of them.
You know, very interested in finding people that sometimes look at this screen.
So I have to, I watch those dancing girls, I've heard, and theological circles, that's
even though the culture around us, professors, just sort of, I just caught one of those runaway
verses.
I reached out and grabbed it with human dignity, the butterfly net.
The church and Catholics more broadly need to stand up for the gods.
Oh, a screamer, a screamer.
We need to stand up for the gods' spull and, oh my God.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll.
Okay, forget about that Getski, that old man named Andres, with that silies hat.
My Ruhatodnoi, it's almost peace out.
Let's say, how come they're not having a satire for crying out loud?
You think that these were a bunch of going or something?
The best male singer of all time is, and we're going to equip when we get to a thousand, we'll change the poll.
We don't even know.
What?
It's giving up.
No, it's just that, why are you such an A-hole?
Is there any special reason that we're just born that way?
George pays me to.
Not much, but I do.
There's no point, we don't need to prove something.
I mean, obviously we can do more than 10, 70 now.
Well, what's the point?
Is it like an exercise or it's for like, for fun, you know?
Are we here to try to like prove something to the world?
Oh my God, we got 1100 votes.
Well, big, stinking deal.
And if you don't watch it, I'll change it right now.
Before you get to a thousand, then they'll be talking about you all day all over town.
Oh.
Chris.
986, is that what we got?
91, like I said, very soon it'll go, we'll switch it over.
The best male singer of all time, Freddie Mercury, 151.
Frank Snatra, 134.
Elvis 87, Roy Orbison 79.
Only the lowly, he was saying.
He was all right.
He's good, but Marvin Gaye 61, how are you?
Tell me, Roy Orbison is better than Marvin Gaye.
Of course you would say yes, because you don't like Marvin Gaye.
As far as singers, no, I would not, but, you would not.
No, Orbison was a great singer.
Better than Marvin Gaye?
No, I would not say that.
Oh, thank God for that.
Jim Morrison 50, would you say, where Orbison was better than Jim Morrison?
No.
Oh, my goodness.
Elton John 47, Robert Plant 42, John Lemon 31.
Johnny mattress, she's got 30.
Paul McCartney 30.
Michael Jackson 30.
We got the 30, 30, 30 club.
Oh, look at that, the Popeys, well, what do you call that thing with a smoke coming out of it?
The censor?
The one?
The incense censor?
Is that what that is?
I'm just guessing.
He's waving.
He's waving and he's blowing smoke.
I guarantee you they're blowing a lot more than smoke at the Vatican.
Billy Joel 24, J. Black 17, Bob Seagr 17, Louis Miguel 17.
You know what I think?
Well, I think they're great singers.
I think of Louis Miguel and Bob Seagr right there together in the same category.
In fact, it's enough to make me want to light up a big Seagr.
Just ridiculous.
J. Black.
Close.
Oh, no, it's where the boy is crying.
And Ronnie Del Rio and Steve E. Tyrone James Dio and Steve Tyler Tyrone 16.
I don't want to hear more of this one, okay?
I'll put the damn Pope on if you don't cut the cry.
All right, all right, are you with?
Let's take some more of those good calls, man.
Maybe we can find somebody else out there who's got an aunt who's hanging out with leopards.
Remember Leopie Lee?
Who?
Leopie Lee.
What was that in that song?
Aeros is something, little aeros, little...
How do you spell that name?
Leopie Lee, L.A.P.Y.
How else would you spell it?
I don't know.
Never heard it before.
You know how artists are.
You got it?
Look at something, Aeros.
Leopie Lee.
Well, it's not important for a crime.
A lot's not, but it's better than whatever you were talking about.
Better than that Roy Orbison crap.
I like Roy Orbison just fine.
He was good.
I don't really hear him these days.
I got no aeros by nobody in the world.
Little aeros, yeah.
Little aeros by Mazzetta?
No.
Now get out of here.
The song Little Aeros written by Albert Hammond and Mike Hayeswell was also the title track of his first album.
Yeah, on the 1968 album.
On the 100th album.
On the 100th album.
Leopie Lee.
Really?
See.
The number 71 in the Billboard Hot 200 album chart.
I'll go steal it.
We don't need it.
Okay, we can live without it.
Let's take some calls and stop trying to kill the show.
I think Jerks has paid you off today.
Oh yeah.
He was born as Graham Holy Blank.
That's why I changed his name to Lee Graham.
I have to go to the store and get a few things.
Let's take some calls.
I mean, it's 5.6705.60.
I mean, so far, actually, they haven't been yesterday and today.
They've been...
They're ringing, right into it.
Meet New Yorker.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hello.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
All right.
Good to hear your thing and call us again.
We'll see.
Yeah.
We're talking about Jerks for a second.
It's a big, crazy one.
Yeah.
Yeah, every time you're gone,
he's crying and moaning about having to fill in for you.
And in the summer schedule,
all I got to fill in for the next three days.
Yeah, that's what I did to try and go.
I wouldn't give him no reason.
That's the final of the first day I've seen him.
Yeah, would you?
Yeah, would.
Or he doesn't pitch and moan about everything.
Thank you.
I know.
Good evening, buddy.
See you, Pellie.
What are your fans, George?
Obviously.
What do you think about that, Neil?
I don't think about it.
I think you're an idiot.
But it is a pope in what those are glasses.
They actually hand him the glasses
when he was seeing their reading or whatever he was reading this week.
Oh, yeah.
Don't have any pockets with that though.
I mean, I hate myself.
It's all subrochen.
But it's so...
Shmendrick is going to put it back together again, Noyve.
A thousand one.
Pazer.
Your heart is...
Baruch, I thought.
I don't know.
You stole all the schmuffins from the Jews.
Get out of here.
I beg your pardon.
We got a thousand more votes.
Yep.
Well, good.
Let's wind it out, close it out.
Let me refresh it one time.
Let me print it out and then we're going to change the poll.
The other one they're not going to like.
And you have to add something to it.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because we have many people vote on the poll and go on our website
who don't know our in South Florida.
We have all those people listening online, for example.
What's your favorite South Florida mall?
Now, I didn't realize.
I'll give Charlie B. Credit for this.
What? You don't like that poll?
Wow.
Yeah, it's great.
You don't like it, huh?
No, I don't.
What do you think, Chris? It's bad?
It's a poll filler.
I got something that's called an ass filler.
It's my foot.
And you're going to be feeling it real soon.
God, are you between the two of you?
You're not fooling me.
Yeah.
I saw that movie, Gas Light.
Yeah.
In fact, that's what I'm admitting right now.
It ain't so light.
Let me try printing that damn thing out again.
You know what? So this is Charlie B.
It is very finest.
All right. So we stick it up for him in the credit of us.
No, I appreciate his efforts.
I'll vote for the sawgrass only because it's near me.
Okay.
Okay.
Because I don't hang out in Westland.
I got those great tea rooms at Westland with a big glory holes.
Okay.
I don't like the poll and sawgrass has already got four.
How do you like that?
That's because they like those horrible restaurants, the cheesecake factory,
and that other one that's not so good.
What is it again?
I forgot.
Grand Luxe Cafe.
Highly, highly, highly overrated.
Too bad.
It's a nice place.
It's beautiful.
But,
and the appetizers are great.
They're super sensational.
That's a place to go and just get some soup and ask them for some bread.
And that's it.
The best male singer of all time.
We had a thousand and one votes.
We're done with this.
Now Freddie Mercury wins hands down my pants.
151.
Frank Sinatra, 134.
Elvis 88.
Roy DeVoy, who won last time we did this 100 years ago, he only had 80 this time.
Marvin Gaye, 62.
Jam Morrison, 50.
Elton John, 47.
Robert Plan 43.
John Lennon, 31.
Michael Jackson, 31.
Johnny Mattris and Paul McCartan each had...
But third man.
Billy Joel, 24.
Ronnie James, DO, 18.
I still have no idea who that is.
Sorry, you don't have to.
Who is it?
You don't need to.
Rock and roll guy.
J. Black, 17.
Bob Seager, 17.
Luis Miguel, 17.
You have Bob Seager, belongs right in there.
Steve Tyler, 16.
Miss George, Michael, 14.
Giddy Lee, 14.
Burton Cummings, 14.
Paul Simon, 14.
David Boy, 13.
Neil Young, 10.
Matt King, 9.
That's before he smoked one bag of too many.
Anyone who put that lung cancer and couldn't signal him.
Mona Lisa.
Mona Lisa.
Why he's dead.
Rob Stewart, 8.
Rick Nelson, 6.
That's kind of silly.
Neil Sedanica, 3.
Fats Domino, only 3.
Solomon T. Trace, my God, and in Fomnia.
Gene Pitney, 3.
BJ Thomas, 2.
And Dion, only 2.
Wow, that's...
I mean...
What's the point?
Why even said, you know, you know, you know what I'm thinking?
I've learned a lot of things.
Why so many people like vanilla ice cream?
Okay, Dion is in last place.
Dion could sing.
He could run rings around most of the people on his list
with his eyes closed and his hands behind his back.
And without that stupid campy word.
I don't know, we can lot...
A whole bunch of Paul votes on it.
Malpul, I don't know why you're making such a crap about it.
It's just, I don't know.
It's like paper or plastic.
Exactly.
We've done better.
Charlie's done better.
Well, not lately.
Not recently.
He's too busy spending his time writing these pseudo-indlectual responses
to my ripping of my ass on the MySpace.
And well deserved too, by the way, Charlie.
Oh, you didn't understand.
I understood.
My contract is done.
It is signed, sealed, delivered.
And it said, I don't need any more advice.
What I should do, heart sounds, four letter words,
which nobody can say on here, by the way, on terrestrial radio.
And you should know that if you know anything about the business.
But you don't even know you claim you do.
Oh, well, he was in college radio.
Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, great.
Bye-bye.
No.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
You like the phone, but there's no smoke.
It's time for your first hope.
You're upset, no waking late.
No budget exists.
Not even shake.
You can't deal.
You have to leave.
You go outwards.
Defined weed.
Your money's tights.
You can't see.
Another way.
To fill your need.
Oh, you try to think of a book at school.
You're some part of, oh yeah.
You almost switched a blue.
It's my chip, I've been signed with Parchin.
Now you're gonna have to scrape it.
You're addicted to blood.
My eaters will face it sure addicted to blood.
My eaters will face it sure addicted to blood.
My eaters will face it sure addicted to blood.
You have an intro five or eight best of them.
I was addicted to it, but, but nevertheless.
Remember, bud?
But what?
Why is he?
I wasn't addicted to bud though on flipper though.
Wasn't that his ugly brother's name?
Yes.
Oh, boy.
You have to really be a blind, desperate, and well, whatever.
My favorite South Florida mall is we're just starting his new pool,
which the Georgian Chris Hate-like poison, by the way, Charlie B.
They don't like it.
Sawgrass Mills 9.
And like I said, last time I was down there at the horrible restaurant,
what is it called again?
Grand Lux Cafe.
I've got a mental block.
I can't remember what the name of it is.
I don't know why it's not that horrible of a name,
but it's horrible food, some of it.
But I actually saw a whole bunch of people like,
who were like English speaking people, and the Sawgrass.
Really?
I don't believe it.
Yeah.
Including some living and breathing people under the age of 100 in the Sawgrass.
Sawgrass Mills 9, focus center five, adventurer mall four,
swap shop before Lauderdale 2.
That's a mall.
Is that a mall?
I would play that.
We have that on the pool, by the way, Chris, we have that on.
I don't live in South Florida.
Right on the top of the floor, okay.
Down with them.
By the way, the pool is here.
If it sounds like we're a little bit distracted, we're going to have a shuffling floor around.
And we're going to be shuffling it in your mental.
But I'm going to play small two, Gail Aurea two,
Graward Mall two.
The Gail Aurea, I told you they're like living and breathing people in there under the age of 100.
A whole bunch of menace.
I voted for a 10-row Blake's Ball.
I voted for the Sawgrass because it's right by my house.
One vote each for the Poppano Fashion Square, Myzner Park, Mall of the Americas, the Mall
of the Wellington Green, Lincoln Road Mall, Lauderdale Mall, what is a lot of malls?
Yep.
The Falls, Dauphin Mall, or is that Dauphin?
Crow Square Mall, Crow Ridge Mall, and the city place, each have one.
Where's the city place?
Are you so out of touch, Neil?
Tom's here because right.
Yeah, Tom's here because I want to call me back when I'm home, which I'm going to woodwind again this afternoon.
I won't be here.
He calls and leaves me a message and I hang around and wait.
He never calls me back.
He doesn't leave me a number to call him, but he's going to write something someday.
Why not call me when I'm here?
Wouldn't that be a good idea?
Yeah.
City places where?
Don't know.
That's right.
The food is there so they're not paying any attention to me.
No vote paying attention to me.
No vote paying attention to me.
Just don't know the answer to that one.
No votes for the rest of the list.
But there's a lot of Westland, Village of Merrick Park, Town and Country Center, Softland Mall, the shops of Las Olas, shops of Sunset Place, Pioneer Mall, Palm Beach Mall, My International Mall, Lowman's Fashion Island, Kendall Lentz,
Lake Small, the fountain shops of distinction.
What about the Balharbershops?
Is that a mall?
Oh, it's not here.
I don't have any votes.
It's not here.
The name votes.
Festival free market, fashion mall, diplomat mall, day land mall, color ridge, cross country mall, cross county mall, where's that?
Boko walk shops, voyton beach mall, bayside marketplace and Balharbershop.
Well, what a list.
It may not be a good pool, but at least it tells you there's a lot of malls around.
That's a shabby.
What?
I said, show no.
You're showing off?
Yes.
Now, here's the speaking of showing off.
Obviously, an inside thing from across the street, like I'm going to give a labaster to publicity.
Who cares?
Oh, he's leaving his daily sports car, whatever he writes in a hero, this crap.
Labastered.
Oh, it wasn't the Marlins that won the World Series.
The Cubans won it.
We wanted it.
Yeah, stuff like that.
Real crap.
Real swill.
Just like St. Guad.
That's the same thing.
And here's one line in this PR release about him leaving the hero, then taking leave the
Vapsons for a year, like anybody cares.
And some guy writes as far as I can tell, the gifted Dan Labaster to say, Miami-Herald
columnist, while a twice-monthly column writes a twice-monthly column for ESPN magazine,
host to Sunday Morning Show and ESPN Radio, is guest host on PTI, whatever that is, and
as a daily grab time show with somebody named Stugots on Miami 790 AM.
Now, wait till you're this line.
Or it.
How can you be on the radio with Stugots and stakeout Shacks stool at the same time?
Oh, my God.
Oh, I'm sorry I said it in a little year lunch.
Stakeout Shacks stool.
What is that?
What is that?
Shacks, that's supposed to be funny, is that supposed to be?
What is that besides the grotesque?
What a thought.
Pathetic.
Okay, what do you guys eat now?
I notice you send me the whole menu from 15th Street Fisheries.
Right, well, I kind of took over both of the giant salads that they got like a blackened
chicken salad and then a mixed seafood salad with shrimp and crab and artichoke hearts.
See, Chris has got, I don't know what is that, a steak?
How boy ribeye.
How boy ribeye.
They also brought some sea bass that stuff came in here and ran off with, which is fine.
How about the peppered shrimp and scallops?
How about them?
I don't know.
I'm just looking at the menu.
There's all kinds of really neat things.
The break I kind of whirlwinded what they had and took what I wanted for these two salads.
Oh, conch fritters.
Yeah.
I love any kind of fritters, man.
I'm a fritter kind of guy.
You're a fritter fella.
And they got great sandwiches to the dioxide-melded turkey club.
Sounds good to me.
It's all good.
So long, ever.
Seafood kebab with lobster sheet, scallop, pepper onion pineapple and chipotle grazed over
wild sea.
What is this chipotle thing, by the way?
It's like a sauce.
It's like a spicy type of a dish.
But where did that come from all of a sudden?
Like a year ago, nobody ever heard of that.
Now all of a sudden, every commercially, oh, it's got chipotle this and this and that.
It's got popular.
Chipotle.
Chipotle.
Chipotle.
It's very good.
Chipotle.
Hot wings with blue cheese and celery sticks.
Oh, man.
So what did they bring you?
Fried calamari with wasabi.
Wasabi.
Mm-hmm.
So what else you got?
I don't know what else there is.
Shout out, guys.
What do you want to drink?
Sneper.
Pan-seared snapper with fried rice.
Mmm.
Conk salad, which I might also steal.
And just don't go crazy here.
I only have much to do with snapper.
Crazy.
Or are you talking about conk?
Yeah, conk.
I think you're going to conk out of it.
You've got the cramp.
So anyway, we're about 35 minutes away from my new one.
Those go on sale.
$100 certificate for $50 bucks.
You would love it if you were my fisheries.
What?
And they're going to go fast.
And once they're gone, you know how that goes.
That's right.
Because we sell our stuff on issue.
I noticed that Joe sells this stuff when he's got like quarter deck on air.
Hooters are quarter deck.
They sell out real fast pronto, you know, because everybody knows those places.
Well, he's got any other place on there, man.
They kind of like linger.
And linger when linger and then you sit around and sniff your finger.
I don't know.
I'm still trying to finger that all out.
What's the stringer, Joe?
The biggest name.
The little dog.
You don't get no Roger.
It's 4.256.
QAM.
The fourth leader.
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if his tongue was notarized.
All right.
I'm making that line.
Cancelation.
Spring.
I'm making that line.
Stuck into the last.
Sleeping on the airport floor.
Don't want to fly with you no more.
Got important places to get to.
But I'm stuck here.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
I'm making that line.
It's stuck into the last.
Okay, level 31 at 560 WM and is if we don't have enough malls on the pool.
Here's a fact from one of our chronic's over there at Maroonie Dodge.
If it doesn't do any work all day just sends us factses all day.
If it doesn't do any work all day just send us ahh.
air everyday.
A new shopping and dining area in Pember Pines that pines Boulevard in i-75 called.
A shop's a Pember Gardens.
Teles pretty nice plus this week.
Fog Rockers opens there.
So...
So...
the bottom, I'm gonna have the runs.
And photo workers, I like photo workers just fine.
I like that squeeze cheese, man.
I love that.
What the hell is that?
What?
The shops of Pembro Gardens.
Get her on.
Get her done.
And isn't it interesting that I put on there?
I don't live in South Florida.
I already got seven votes for that.
That's the second place behind the soargrass.
I don't live in South Florida.
Eight.
See that?
Okay.
All those people who are living and listening online,
they don't have a favorite mall because they're not there.
Oh look at this and they're having,
all these guys are doing the wafers now.
I'm glad you're here, friend.
All those captains are having something
putting their mouth.
What? They're doing the wafers.
That's where about to take a quick break.
Yeah, we're gonna take a quick break now.
We'll come right back.
It's really much of other.
I'm getting the wafers stuck in their place.
Put it back on Estandalo, TV.
That's something I wonder.
I wonder if MSNBC is doing the same thing.
Because this is embarrassing.
No, they're in break.
We'll see what they do when they come back.
Primetime race group and their number 11 ALMSG2 Dodge Viper
are scheduled to get loaded in its transport of this
Sunday after week of rebuilding.
Dude, unfortunate shunt in the streets of St. Petersburg.
What word is this?
Isn't that what McCain called his wife?
A shunt.
In the world of racing, they say if you can't afford
the wreck it, don't race it.
Antico's not about this, but it'll be put a boop,
and it says, Primetime is owned and operated by Joel Feinberg,
who was piloting the number 11 Viper
when he had a concrete barrier over 90 miles an hour
after a careless show from an impatient factor
long driving number six, Penske, LNP 2 Factory Portia.
From there, Feinberg would be looking up track
at the site of fellow GT driver, Antico,
but this is such crap.
I didn't like that, Joel Feinberg was in,
but the bad news is he didn't get killed.
Why do I care about all of this stuff?
God, give me a break, get a life already, will you?
I'm so moving, correct sir, I have no life.
Oh, you know what, you wonder they're doing on MSNBC?
No, I don't.
Well, I'll certainly keep an eye out for that
when the people who are in the hospital
pens head to the Alps.
I was dancing to impress Jordan, Jordan.
I don't so afraid, we go with the...
I will have thought, I don't know,
I'm the Pope, I will have potential pilot flying me over the edge.
I'm certainly going to turn on Schloss News,
and I'm sure they'll probably do the same thing anyway.
Can I go buy it real quick, Schloss News?
If you must.
Because I think it's blocked out by me on my TV.
I don't know where the hell it is.
Oh, look at that, Canada AM.
Mass at Washington Nationals Park.
Well, that shows you the world has really got its
priorities all straight and out.
That's why, oh, here is the Fox.
What do they got?
Established relationships early.
I think it's important for him.
As a newcomer also to the international scene
as a leader of Britain coming on the heels of very popular
in America, Prime Minister Tony Blair.
Tony Blair.
Well, get the world into this mess.
So I don't know, what am I going to watch, I guess?
How about the racing channel?
Okay.
Get your ready for your meeting, second appearance,
and Gulf Stream.
What are you waiting for?
A hotel.
A Ryan stall.
I think Ryan's stall looks like human.
Under the age of 100, I don't know.
Watch out for those hot drivers, man.
Aren't too many of them.
Most of them look like rumour.
It looked like rumour, a lot of the especially
in Northfield Park.
Got these big handlebar mustaches like Jerry Cologne.
And what's that all about?
Like Terry Thomas.
I bet you don't even remember Terry Thomas
the comedian, do you?
Nope.
You know?
Nope.
That's a shame.
I'm a very serious artist.
You're a harness driver.
He also had a mustache.
He was very funny.
I'll take your work time, though.
Long before your time.
Oil prices hit all time highs above $150 a barrel today
with reports that oil and gasoline stocks in the US
were lower than expected.
And as the dollar hit record lows, all right.
Thank you again, Mr. President, for screwing the world.
Light sweet food from a delivery brosus high is $150
and 54 set of barrel electronic trading
on the New York mercantile exchange.
And he's back to $114.89 a barrel by afternoon
in Europe down four cents is the dollar strength
and slightly at traders' book profits.
Traders, this is what it's all about.
We have to pay $80 a gallon so that the traders
can make a big profit.
All these grave robbers, all the people
who watch the gambling channel.
In London, Brent crude futures fell one cent
to $112.65 a barrel on the ICE futures exchange.
The euro hit an all time high of $159.82 today.
Its second record is made as against the sagging dollar
that then lost a little ground falling to a mere $159.27
late in European trading, almost a buck 60 on the euro.
Wow, concerns about sagging US gasoline supplies
ahead of the peak demand of the Northern hemisphere summer
also help boost prices.
The US Department of Energy said yesterday
inventories of gasoline fell five and a half million barrels
last week, a much bigger decline than forecast
by analysts surveyed by Dow Jones newswires.
Crude inventories and it's pretty crude all right,
fell two point three million barrels last week.
But a big bit of open about the bottom line is
that the Saudis are gouging your ass.
That's the bottom line.
The Bush vandar, Bush and all the Bush's buddies over there.
The Saudis, they're raping the world.
And just saying, leave us alone.
Oh, there's that scream word.
Gospel readings, but by the same token,
I had a single person cry against it.
The first one, sex abuse crisis.
And I was very gratified.
I thought he made takeoffs and they don't have no cement
to use it as a vehicle.
He's a raping flyer.
That's the use crisis.
So I think he's a priest.
You understand?
He's one of the fathers.
Yeah.
Hey, father.
God, people are so stupid.
Father, you have to know all the boy.
I'm a cat.
No.
22 before noon at 560 WQM.
Don't be knocking the Holy Father now.
The whole world is into this thing now.
And you're making all these horrible comments.
Even the lepers are watching it.
But these were words that perhaps were directed
at the Catholic church as a whole, as well.
As a whole.
And I read, underscoring earlier, so many dioceses.
Is this going to be?
Earlier.
I really suffered financially from the blows
of the sexual abuse cases.
Oh, my God.
Was that a play on words or what?
Did you hear that?
What you just said on CNN, no less.
And we're supposed to feel sorry about the dioceses
that have suffered because their priests
were molesting little boys.
So we're supposed to feel sorry for all these geckys.
They ought to be in prison, man.
The whole bunch of them.
Part and now they say that they got the game.
One another.
Oh, my God.
You think there was nothing else going on in the world?
Is there anything else going on?
No, that's what I can say.
The oil is hitting the high, the record highs.
The dollar is sagging and lagging and fagging.
And now there's a huck of rag going on here, man.
It's the Pope.
It's the Pope.
You don't understand, Neal.
You got to get with the program, baby.
The Nazi Pope knows that should make everybody really happy.
We got a Nazi president.
Why not have a Nazi Pope who speaks with a Jewish accent?
I don't get it.
I wouldn't be surprised if he gets up at the end of the soul
thing.
Hey, happy pay-sal, everybody.
Wouldn't surprise me.
105 votes already on the new pool that you guys are poop-poing.
Don't be poop-poor and Charlie B's pool, OK?
Baka.
That's right.
Don't poop-poor.
What?
Favorite mall in South Florida, the sawgrass, 18.
But I don't live in South Florida, 12.
See, I told you you got to get that on there.
We got a lot of people all over the universe, man.
Stick it.
I got an email.
You would just, I don't know whether you'd laugh or cry.
Already?
I'll read it a little while ago on my mind space from some Jack
ass, some redneck, who doesn't listen to the show, doesn't
live in South Florida.
But he votes on the pools.
And he didn't like whatever the pool was that day.
Oh, and this is really a crappy pool.
And you got to do a lot of work on your website and get a really
spift up and do this, do that.
He doesn't listen to the show, but he votes on the pool every day.
And he's on the my space.
So he can give me a lecture on how we should do the website, how
we should do the show, how we should live our lives, how we should
use our ass.
The best talent.
And his real projects.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Jason, you're on QAM.
We don't have any National Guards there because they're all
fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No National Guard.
No.
The prices of the pump and upwards in those local areas, they
officially reach record highs this morning.
And no question about it.
It's really starting to take a financial toll on drivers.
Right back when in six is the heaven.
Do you have a devil, dude?
Boy, this must be serious.
She calls the fuel at the pump was designed.
Come on, house of fever.
Oh, it's gorgeous.
Oh, that's great.
It smells nice, Tim.
Now I can't afford it.
It's really healing.
Now we'll never be able to afford my limit
ejection.
That's inhuman.
I can't afford failure.
I can't believe my eyes.
Oh, my God.
4.19.
4.19.
4.19.
4.19.
I can't feel the pedal.
I won't drive anymore till the price is long.
I think we're out.
They can't afford to pay for it.
This is not the new can do about it.
It's lumped 45.
How about mortgaging the house to fill up your gas tank?
Of course you don't have the house anymore because they just foreclosed.
But nevertheless, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, dude.
People are getting bitter, baby.
It's a bitter pill to swallow what's going on nowadays.
All of the bush family they're doing very well.
The bush family and vandal are a bush in all the Saudi world family.
They're doing extremely well.
They're just swimming in money.
They got noodles and money.
Are you still eating or are you finally...
Love right here?
No, I'm done eating, boy.
Put a lot away.
What about the tummy there?
No, I'm done too.
Very, very, very, very good.
Would you have?
Very good.
I have the rib eye.
Yes.
Cowboy rib eye?
Yep.
With the low to potato?
Mmm.
Let's take a few calls, shall we?
5, 6, 7, we got the calls going again.
They are quite fine.
Frankly, they are what they are, you know.
Especially the Galilee um...
Lippers.
He was good.
Yeah.
Those were my favorite.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line.
QAM, hello.
Of course I'm assuming they were calls, so.
There's something.
Oh.
Hello.
Good morning, you're all in this.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I kissed your ring.
Yeah, kiss it.
It's all good.
Kiss it.
Hey, Liz, I have a question on your website.
It's your picture.
It's something popping out of my pocket.
Does that mean you're mailing it in?
Does that mean you're mailing it in?
Your picture, your face coming out of a mailbox.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm mailing it in.
That's what that's supposed to mean, right?
That's what I thought.
That's what I thought.
All right.
Have a great weekend.
Okay, look at the stamps.
Just look at.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound.
It's a little awkward with the phones, but once that router gets here, you know,
that's a really bad one.
That's right.
That's what I'm paying too much money for.
40 dangerous.
Right.
Then I'm going to be really dangerous because then I can patch you around with the phone
myself.
I mean, I could turn the monitor on here, but I won't see anything.
Or I could just, what I could do is unplug the computer that's got the internet on it and just go to the phone one.
Do you ever think of that?
Yeah.
I don't want to do that, though.
No.
Oh, and the brand says, what about the On the International Mall?
Is that still there, the On the?
I have no idea.
What do you mean you have no idea?
I have no idea.
Don't get those off the list.
I used to do it.
You only get the anonymous belt or somewhere?
No, I only would.
No, I'm just downtown.
Almost downtown.
I would exactly where the On the is okay or was.
That's where they used to bring all those CDs.
So it was the On the On the on the, how do you think your pointer?
A long time ago, back when I picked up.
All right, then.
I'm busking Boulevard.
All right, then.
Hmm.
I bet you did.
Still there.
No, they're not.
They're all dead.
You know, you stopped at the baloney.
They're all still there.
There, there.
Yeah.
Maybe they are.
I don't know.
Don't they replace them?
Yeah, the new ones coming on.
They'll be 80.
They kind of like, we're tired of them.
It's some of the hustler retirement home.
Oh, there you go.
Turn out all evil from your hearts and make some glob is pure light.
God inspired speech in different tongues to proclaim one face.
One face.
I'm telling you, he's talking about a Jewish accent.
Who now is he kidding?
This is a Nazi Pope and he's trying to like pull a wool over everybody's eyes and talking about a Jewish accent.
Oh, he's going to be eating kiski right there in front of everybody.
You'll see.
And then they're going to bring in a big box of maca and some pacidoki candies.
They're going to have like a bringing them all in David wine.
Man, a chevets maybe.
You'll see.
Although no one has tasted his level is probably going to be grandma Boone.
5.67.05.60.
Pound 5.60.
And the Verizon singular wireless on the world is sick with fairy tales.
Baby bubble mice.
They keep picking on us.
Ferrys.
But it's the fairy tales.
That's the problem in the world.
You know, I just, I don't know what I guess force I have it.
I just looked up at the screen there at the monitor.
It's black because it's turned off.
Well, that lots of lines ring it for what it's worth.
No, cable.
No, get all whipped up now.
You're starting to sound like you're going to be a girl streamer.
No, get two or carry it away.
Pay it.
It's going to be nice and nice and low key.
No.
QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
QAM.
Yes.
You feel the hostility, George?
QAM.
Hello.
You can get the guy in the picture.
I just want to see.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I just want to hear those words.
He never loses at the kitchen on either.
Who?
George.
No.
He caught me every day and said, he never loses.
Yeah, Ann.
I lose a lot.
I lose my ass.
How do you like that?
Oh, come on.
Oh, oh, oh.
Get rid of this old food.
Get rid of them.
Why is he on his so long?
I don't know.
I thought you liked it.
No, I did not like him.
He was an idiot.
QAM.
Hello.
I'm sorry, Scott.
Thank you.
QAM.
Hello.
Good morning, sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Good to hear you.
I just...
I just...
Break, break, little kiddo gear away.
You were right all along.
I finally gave in and went to support Obama.
And my concern was not that he wasn't confident or anything.
I just was afraid they were going to butcher him like Hillary has been doing.
And they were going to ruin him.
But this guy, he's like the energizer bunny.
He keeps coming back.
And we're working through with him.
That kitchen thinks stuff just isn't working.
And I've never seen anybody throw that stuff aside with such class either.
Right.
Mr. Obama appears to be the real deal.
And let's get him through you or right.
He's going to kick her ass.
You'll see.
I mean, it's all over.
If he just refuses to go away, that's all.
Yeah.
I mean, the scorch-dirt policy, you know, supposedly that was what she and public got into it more originally to take care of, to bring manners back to it.
But I feel it was moving from there.
It's become what they have be held.
And I guess they've accepted it.
But they're pulling all the same crap that Carl Rose pulled and...
That's correct.
And at the moment, he was mere and smear.
That's right, smear and smear.
And we are supposed to be better than that.
Otherwise, what's the difference?
So with good adding back, and I hear you're going to be doing a remote down here sometime next month.
Yes, sir.
Great.
I will be there.
And by the way, it's unfortunate that the boat has diplomatic immunity because they should have come up to him when he steps off the plane.
Absolutely.
Have a good day, sir.
They could put him and W in the same cell would be good.
They could compare notes.
I feel more people than you did, yeah, a fat chance.
Let's see, in Bocas, called the Town Center, not Bocacinna, Bocamol, which was raised away from my junior park, used to have a pet store in Takoviva.
It says it was my favorite when I was eight from somebody.
Tracey.
All from Tracey?
Yes, she's a sweetheart.
Oh, good.
Thank you, Tracey.
So what do we want to put on there?
I don't know.
Correct whatever.
It just did accordingly.
Cover yourself accordingly and put on there whatever you like.
Oh, now this is bad about shooting.
I know we can't put that on there.
Whoever sent that in.
Sorry, can't put it in there about shooting a certain people.
Let's see.
Doug says, can you wait.
I hate shopping or I hate malls to the pool.
No, that's not the question, Doug.
I let my wife go to the mall and deal with all these stuff for the eight holes.
It's the last fine, Doug.
But that's not the question.
Whether you like malls, you hate malls.
I mean, if we ask you to hate anything, it's our photos going to win hands down your pants.
Of course, that's not, you got anything to do with the pool question, right?
Right.
So bug off, Doug.
Take a bug.
Doug.
And hide under the rug.
That's what Bob Prince used to say.
It's a bug on a rug when they hit or a tweener.
They hit a ball in the gap.
Okay.
And people were stating, and of course they had an artificial surface.
He called a bug on a rug.
But anyway, he was great.
He wasn't just the number one.
He's really coma-inducing boring, term-like a Dave Van boring.
Oh my God.
And these cortices in it, so we can suck up for him anyway.
Oh, he's a great brat.
What?
See him.
And you got to tell me that you like Dave Van boring, Chris?
I don't think he's anything wonderful now.
And in fact, the other day, I was listening to the radio, see what the score was.
You followed sleep?
Well, I'm trying to remember his name.
And I can come up with his Dave Van boring.
He's like, what the hell is his real name?
You know, and then they finally said Van Horn.
And I was like, oh, that's right.
So I know him as Dave Van boring, thanks to you.
But he's exactly like these boring.
He's got no life.
I miss those.
And the malls win the world.
So anxious.
Oh.
Wake me up when it's over.
Bring back the weight.
I think this afloat of mall is the sawgrass, baby 21.
They love the sawgrass.
They like parking 100 miles away from the closest store.
They got nice valley parking though there with some ugly guys.
Why don't you get some hot valley parkers in there, you idiots?
God.
I remember when I used to go to Calder all the time.
They had that one kid that worked there at Valley Park.
And I used to give him a $20 tip all the time.
Yeah, that he know why.
Why?
He was cute.
No, it didn't know why.
Yeah, he knew why.
And he used to probably hang my back.
Ferry.
There's the ferry of Faggot.
I don't remember.
Yeah, Homo.
There's the Homo.
He's going Homo now.
Sawgrass 21.
I don't live in South Florida 19.
Focus center 13.
Is that the right one?
I don't know.
That's Tracy.
Amitra Mall 13 falls.
The falls 12.
Well, that's way down the under, man.
It's a nice mall.
It's way down there.
Maybe Chris goes to the falls.
I do occasionally.
Do you like great mall?
It's very nice.
It's about five minutes from my house.
Yeah.
The swap shop before Notre-Dale, which I don't consider a mall, but nevertheless six.
Oh, their kissing is a ring again.
Their kissing it.
The Pope still running around.
Just kiss it.
In fact, he asked him to bring up a line of altar boys so they could kiss it.
Gailoree has got six Pembroke Lakes Mall 5, Prop. 5, and square four, Daedland four,
Coral Square Mall four, Broward Mall four.
Broward Mall, are people still shop there?
Wow.
And then there's a whole bunch of, there's eight million a month.
I'm not going to read the whole thing.
Coma inducing.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
11.56 at 5.60 WQM and just four minutes will be opening up Niels Diel on WQM.com.
Starting in noon, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just $50 bucks to the world famous,
15 street fisheries in Fort Lauderdale, where dining is both a visual and culinary feast,
and where George and the Christus ate lunch from and just went nuts.
Oh, great.
The panramacuse of the intercostal or unsurpassed and the food is out of this world.
For appetizers like Ahi Tuna Tartar or Temporish Shrimp and Colomari, feast on fabulous seafood
entrees like main lobster, grilled mahi mahi, Asian Spice Pan Seared Snapper, grilled salmon,
pans, pan-seared Wahoo Filet and lots more.
And then it featured great filet mignon or 14 ounce neurofship for you meat lovers too.
15 street fisheries were 15 street meats, the Infocosal in Fort Lauderdale, for reservations called 9.54,
7.63, 27.77.
And thanks to me, at noon and just three and a half minutes, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates
and have price just $50 bucks.
Niels' half-friars deal, don't forget.
Once they're gone, they're just...
You know the rest of the biggest name to the best out of Tiel.
This is the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product, it's the brand new product,
economy is drowning, they got us by the throne,
I might fit you some driver, but can afford to go,
for the world's richest country, is the pressure blows.
After time on the left, the stage was set, for the idiot comes to grab a pick with
the pick, they trickled it up to the one percent, made us all an endless birthday.
Could this be a recession, the headlines poisoning you?
I'm dying on the head!
There's people going concrete, you won't see that on the news.
It's like the 1930s, on the other greats of gravity.
We're just the rich of dirty, in a portrait by gas.
The corporate newspapers say it will end.
The ones that I use for the sheets are my family.
You hate the three-dog, it'd be their feminine control.
They've got us blinded, now we've got us calling.
So loud!
I'm hit-slick.
Is it official?
Oh, now it's officially just waiting for it.
In Shoda.
It flows, baby, big time.
Not like Joyce, but then again, who the hell does?
There's 12.020560 WDQM.
Happy Thursday to you, we got the jerk show at 2 in the Mad Dog.
Well nothing's perfect.
And DA showed at 9 o'clock after several hours of stuff.
Anyway, we are sold out.
And there we are.
A couple of minutes or less.
The boys watched it happen.
Every time I hit refresh, it was like, I hit refresh three times and they were gone.
Yeah, what?
15, 13, 10, gone.
My 137, 34, 7, gone.
Gone.
And what's there were gone?
The other gone.
They're gone.
Well, there's that hot chicken on CNN.
I think she's beautiful.
Not beautiful, but cute.
It's the difference.
I mean, no, I don't know.
What word would you use?
She's back on there again.
Cute.
Hot.
Smoldering.
You don't think?
I agree.
Very attractive.
Which is at least-
So if you're going to put a bubble hit on there, at least put a bubble hit on there.
That's right.
Attractive bubble hit is a poster that Campbell Brown, another whiny bitch.
Oh my god.
Campbell Brown.
God, who doesn't know where asked from your elbow?
One minute official.
We sold out in a minute.
How do you like that, Muff?
Well, we're going to use that sales department on the stick now.
We got some people listening to this damn show.
Either that, or we have a small number of people listening with a lot of money and they buy our stuff.
That's what it's all about.
I think the first one.
As Dick Casper used to say, move and smit off the shelf.
The first one is correct.
Yes.
You have some people out there listening?
I think so.
Of course, a lot of them.
Like the swoolery people, they won't mark markers down if they get the arbitrage right now.
Because they're pissed off at me.
And you know what?
Too bad.
Great.
Yeah, I'm not going to endorse that whiny bitch just to make people happy.
You know, if you're listening, mark it down.
Quit lying.
Quit lying.
Because if you're not, then you're supporting rush and the fascist on the other side, the Nazis.
But that caught me at a good point.
That is that they're doing the slimy and shmuring.
That usually the Republicans do the crowd roll crowd.
They do that.
Leigh at water, all that stuff.
And now the swoolery and bubble people, they're doing the same thing to Obama.
And you know what?
It's like he's the teflon.
It just melts off of him like butter.
But it anyway.
So we are sold out.
Now is it official?
How do we get it?
It is official.
Oh my god.
Are you kidding me?
Oh my god.
You've got to be kidding me.
I promise you.
And what does it say how much time?
One minute.
Oh I'm going back to bed.
Don't do that slacker.
Oh there's Barney Fag.
The administration said they had a plan that they thought would work.
And as a matter of trying ultimately.
I don't know how raspy his throat is.
I can die for that.
I'm not saying a word.
Okay Barney Fag.
He's a good guy.
Good game.
At least we got something beside the Pope on there all over.
What a segue that was from the Pope to Barney Fag.
Wow.
How do you like that America?
Huh?
Put that in your pipe and smoke it.
All you far business.
Speaking of far business.
This story should make you want to vomit.
All right.
I'll set it up.
The vomit.
This is from harrets.com.
Oh them?
Report Netanyahu says 9-11 terror attacks good for Israel.
Oi.
You know BB Netanyahu?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Really?
He is writing newspaper Ma'arri van Wednesday reported that it would be a Benjamin Netanyahu
told an audience at Barney line university that the 9-11 terror attacks had been beneficial
for Israel.
Oi.
Problem and dread.
We are benefiting from one thing and that is the attack on the twin towers in Pentagon.
And the American struggle in Iraq Ma'arrive quoted the former Prime Minister is saying.
He reportedly added that these events swung American public opinion in our favor.
Netanyahu reportedly made the comments during a conference at Barney line university on
the division of Jerusalem as part of a piece deal with the Palestinians.
Meanwhile, Iran's president Ma'arri van Maud Ahmedinejad cast out over the veracity of
the 9-11 attacks calling on Thursday calling it a pretext to invade Afghanistan in Iraq.
Four or five years ago, a suspicious event occurred in New York.
He said a building collapse.
And they said that 3,000 people have been killed but never published their names.
He told Iranians in the holy city of Kham.
Under this pretext, the U.S. attacked Afghanistan in Iraq.
And since then a million people have been killed only in Iraq, he said.
Called Hibbinger too.
You know something that's a good match.
Bibi Netanyahu and Ma'amud Ahmedinejad.
They should mud wrestle.
Only Bibi is a better dresser.
Speaking once they had a news conference on the Iran threat Netanyahu compared Ahmedinejad
to Hitler and likened Tehran's nuclear program to the threat the Nazis posed to Europe in late 30s.
Netanyahu said Iran differed from the Nazis in one vital respect, explaining that where
the Nazi regime embarked on global conflict before it developed nuclear weapons, the Iranian
regime is developing nuclear weapons before it embarks on a global conflict.
You know something he should live so long.
Crazy bastard.
Bibi Netanyahu, we have to go in and take out Iran.
It's good for Israel.
It's good for the rest of the world.
It's good for the whole world.
The Israel firsters and the Cuba firsters and the Pope firsters and the Worcester firster.
Yeah, Haba Babam.
That's right.
Haba Babam is right.
Or is the man said to lunch on the other day.
Haba Babam.
That's when he realized that we weren't going to root Chris.
Well, they know of him for lunch.
He is just, I don't know.
I mean, I enjoyed my lunch.
We had a good time, you know.
That's because Pharrell was there.
Yeah.
But there's just something about him, you know what I mean?
The mustache.
No, that must be it.
The cookie duster.
Or any co-back said a mustache.
He was great.
That's way before your time.
Never the last.
This early black and white days of TV or any of those footage.
You did?
Yeah.
Somewhere I want to those disc, I've got that Nairobi trio, the theme.
I'm not going to dig it up though, because that's too much like work.
And when you've got five and two-thirds years left on your deal.
Boy, hey, yo, then that's the strange thing about this whole experience.
Every time I think in my mind, I'm counting down the months, you know.
And then some event occurs or something happens.
And I decide, well, you know, I'm going to have to keep working until I croak.
At one point, that was a joke.
Croak.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Now it's not.
And of course, that pull we took the other day.
There's a whole bunch of people out there, which I would croak over if you'd think,
like, right now would be good in the middle of the show.
Like how would be the thing about, you know.
Listen to me.
Television is not the truth.
So turn off your television sets.
Turn them off right in the middle of the set.
Plop.
Where's my plop?
Pop.
Nice.
Sam or I have that.
Maybe I have it on a big board, you think?
That means that you have it in the show.
Oh, oh, oh.
You know.
Okay.
I know.
I want to give you a U-turn.
Okay.
U-turn.
U-turn.
Are you sure?
Number 18.
Oh.
How do you like that?
That means it's something you can program any of your buttons on any other bank to have that sound.
Just a minute.
Now, give me a little bit of credit.
Will you please?
Well, like, I don't know how to program the buttons.
I-
Is that what you're telling me?
It sounded like you'd forgotten that that's how it works.
Because when you say that you have it on bank board.
There's one thing I forgot how to drive.
Maybe you do.
I forgot how to take a dump.
Well, I don't know.
You didn't forget how to do that.
I forgot how to use lunch.
I mean, come on.
Give me a little bit of credit.
Will you please?
How about some props for old pops?
Well, you know, because you should know it.
Can program like the 360 like you invented this thing?
No.
No, you put your own crap on there.
Your own banks.
I put all the audio in there.
Salula.
You put why?
All the audio that's in there with the- with a few exceptions I put in all these machines.
Well, great.
And all the audio that's in the DCS that's been put on the last six years.
I put it in there.
Right?
I like that.
I like that.
I like it a lot.
Not a lot of people can do that.
Why not?
Oh, yeah, well, we have a question.
Well, when we had somebody on the station, I don't want to mention his name, but never even owned a computer.
He's like a computer illiterate.
I mean, I don't understand that.
Why is it so scary?
You know, it's like people talk about programming the VCR.
Like, oh my God, I can't do that.
I'm scared of it.
Visit, visit, like a little lizard come over there and snap at you and bite you if you try to program your VCR.
Yes.
First of all, who's got a VCR anymore anyhow?
Me.
I got one, but Duo's the combos.
Right.
I got one of those.
No use it.
I mean, who's got tape?
I got a bunch of tape somewhere.
Maybe that's my problem.
Maybe I got a tapeworm.
But I'm not going to beat no crap today.
Maybe I'll have a candy bar before I go to a boy.
Wow.
See, I'm going to be the ender.
I'm going to say, oh, he's got a gambling problem, Roger.
No, I don't have a gambling problem.
I've got an eating problem.
I have a what?
An eating problem.
Yes.
And that's nothing new.
But I didn't have any macaroni and cheese yesterday and so maybe I'll have it today.
Okay.
What do you want to say?
All right.
Yeah, whatever, man.
Listen, I know from experience it's my dead brother's birthday.
You can't talk fat people out of eating.
Macaroni and cheese isn't going to kill me, although it does.
It's all carbs.
It all adds up, you know.
Well, what does that mean?
It all conspires.
Well, I just, in that case, I'll just stop eating.
How's that?
That's what I do.
I can't be if I just stop eating.
I can't eat the vitamin.
How's that?
I'm in the right this year.
I won't eat anymore.
Good plan.
Oh, and those vitamins will kill you.
Yeah, I don't believe that.
I don't believe that either.
That story.
You know, I didn't take my vitamin E this morning just because of that story.
Sure.
How stupid I am.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, I took my multivitamin.
Well, you're multivitamin.
You know what?
You might as well.
You might as well drink a half a glass of tap water.
Okay.
Your multivitamin.
All right.
I mean, what is that?
That's big as my fist is what it is.
12, 13 and 5, 60, W and the...
I smell it.
Hey, dole.
Hey, dole.
Right night come and I won't go home.
Chocolate pudding, but come peel.
Hey, that come and be one go home.
Suicide month, it can kill.
Right night come and I mean, what go.
Hey, this must be in my very
I like a man we want to go home
He said, hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me you're up to body
I like a man we want to go home
Six men, seven men, eight men dance
I like a man we want to go home
Six men, seven men, eight men dance
I like a man we want to go home
He said, hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me you're up to body
I like a man we want to go home
He said, hey, Mr. Corridor, tell me you're up to body
I like a man we want to go home
A beautiful bunch of purple shouts
I like a man we want to go home
See this spirit in the clouds
I like a man we want to go home
Six men, seven men, eight men dance
I like a man we want to go home
Six men, seven men, eight men dance
I like a man we want to go home
Hey, Mr. Corridor, you make me so happy
All right like a man we want to go home
So my teen is 5.60 all the cultists all the time
Let's have some of that great poison pudding
What do you say about poison choolaid?
Sure. How's Jim Jones doing?
Just thought.
I'm Jonesing for some choolaid
Andy Wallace has been close since a faxer
it's not being redone. But a beautiful new mall just opened a little further
south called Mary Brickle Village in Brickle.
So, Mary Brickle Village?
Whatever. Here that Chris you live in Dave County.
I've never heard of it now. Do we believe this? I mean, you know, obviously it's
saluting. Why would they? Well, that just to be smart. I asked they wouldn't
like. I'm gonna Google it. All right.
Mary had a little land.
You could have said something. Oh, sorry. I could play.
Oh, you're eating again? No.
Oh, yeah. Mary Brickle Village is all over the
internet. So get it on there. Add it to it. Please.
Yeah. Mary Brickle Village is mall director.
What have they got there?
It shows a bunch of happy people eating, eating and drinking and boozing it up.
And goosing each other. They have a plethora of options for today's sophisticated
shoppers. They got jeweler stores and they got restaurants,
batans restaurant, blue martini,
grimpa steakhouse, PF Changs,
overrated. What's the name of this place? Mary Brickle Village. Okay.
Jesus. What do I have to do? Come there and like, uh,
draw you a diaphragm? Mary Brickle Village. Three words. Okay. You got it.
Mary as in Mary had a little lamb.
Brickle as in if you got a lot of money, you can afford to live there and
village as in like people. Village people. Yeah. They have
Rosamaksicana. Ocean or seafood room.
Subway. There you go. If you can't afford to eat name those other restaurants,
they got Subway. And they got blue pizza and quichina.
What'd you call me? They got Starbucks. They got Roma Organic Jolato. Oh baby.
Brickle shoe repair and a bunch of other stuff. Okay. Anyway, Mary Brickle
Village on the wherever it is. Now can we get back to
usanity here? Let me show you. We still out in a minute. That's the second time we've done that,
by the way. Is it in one minute? Yeah, I was going to say it's a record, but it ties the record.
Okay. For those out there, we've got a score card and keep in track, keep in score.
Like at a baseball game, you know? Oh, I got, I used to do that when I was a kid. I'd
keep score because I was bored, I guess. I don't know because I was stupid.
While with anybody with a brain, keep score for a ball game. I give up.
Because it's something to do, I guess, because it's so boring and it gives you
something to do. Baseball game. Now when there's a sport where it is like real action,
you know, like football or hockey, you don't have time to be like, I guess you could keep
score to penalties in the time the goals, risk for stuff like that. They're going a flat model
on the turf for the Made in Special Lake Company. Cornel Velasquez gets a board for trainer Roger
Horton seven feet and one hundred and nine hours. Who'd have two to one in the morning line?
So that's a big pick. Ron Rippy with a pro pick there on my racing network. Big deal.
Two to one in the morning line. Even I can pick that, you know what I'm saying?
Give me a 10 to one shot. Give me a little something, something. Remember the cookies?
The cookies? Barack Obama wants to make sure that voters do. This is by Nedra Pickler
and Ross Story. Pickler. Well I tell you one thing, you know what I love? Like like at Myron's
Deli there at Poppano Park in Mayor Casino. Yeah. Big kosher deals. Really sour, you know,
really good. There's nothing worse than bad pickles. I agree. I've seen a few of those.
I bet you have. Barack Obama wants to make sure that voters remember the cookies even
of what 16 years ago that swallery created an uproar when she sniffed that she could have given
up her career and stayed home baked cookies and had teas. While Clinton brought up the problems,
Obama could face the general election if he's dominated. Obama used the two hard to beat last
that to remind Americans what they don't like about his opponent. And her husband Bill,
both candidates argue that they were tough enough to withstand whatever Republicans try to use
against them. Obama raised Clinton's controversial pardons on his last day in Orifice and he wanted
Americans to know that swallery repeatedly called him names in the past few days.
Childish. The problem was to the Clinton to tie Clinton to the divisive politics of the past at
the time when the new poll shows that a majority of voters view her as dishonest.
Liar, liar, your pantsuit sound fire, honey. The loss of voters trust comes as Clinton's been
attacking Obama for comments he made recently about Pennsylvania voters who cling to guns
of religion because they're bitter about the economy. Statements he maintains he mangled.
During the course of the last few days, you know she said I made the latest out of touch
condescending Obama said, you take one person's statement if it's not properly phrased and you
just beat it to death he added. And that's what Senator Clinton's been doing over the last four
days. Despite the signs that her criticism may be backfiring, oh I wish I had that sound if I
could not have it but I can't play it. You know the one that goes like that. Oh backfiring.
Swallery did not put her punches against Obama yet she tried to soften the blows by delivering
them in polite tones and often with a smile. She said his bitter comments demonstrate they
misunderstanding a religion in people's lives and she said he has other weaknesses that could
hurt him in the general election, his relationship with a controversial pastor and 60s radical William
heirs. I've been in this arena for a long time she said I have a lot of baggage and everybody has
rummaged through it for years and so therefore I have an opportunity to come to this campaign
with a very strong conviction. Yes, you ought to be convicted all right and feeling that I'll be
able to withstand whatever the Republicans send our way. Obama wanted to make sure voters remember
some of the baggage but he also raised it and measured tones. He used sympathetic terms and bringing
up the cookie quote that led critics to label Clinton as some sort of ultra feminist. She's gone
through this Obama said I recall back in 92 and she made a statement about how what do you
expect should I be home baking cookies and people attack her for being a leader's in this net
and I remember watching that on TV and saying well that's not who she is that's not what she believes
that's not what she meant and I think Senator Clinton learned the wrong lesson from it because she
said I think the same tactics he said sounds like a shot to me. Atta Boyd Barack kick her ass
Clinton said she was concerned about Obama's association with heirs a former member of the
weather underground who Clinton pointed out and interview published in 9-11-2001 he didn't regret
bombing government buildings Obama quickly responded that Clinton's husband pardoned one member
of the weather underground and commuted a sense of another one. Look there's no doubt the Republicans
will attack either of us Obama said what I've been able to display during the course of this
primary is I can take a punch I've taken some pretty good ones from a swillery he said.
When that had been great if he would have called her swillery right there on it.
I would see swillery yeah and she would have she just started to run off again yeah
yeah
squirt in a few
I don't know about you but boy this show today seems like it's just eternal like we were on for a hundred
is it in my right? Well I just ate a lot so I'm really sleepy right now
that's what we'll do and you want to know why it's those carbs you didn't have any carbs
have any? No I did not actually what did you eat? I had a big meal of any kind like a big steak
half of two kinds of salad but I ate a lot of it one was a CP salad with you know with big chunks
of like you know shrimp and crab meat and things like that and artichoke hearts and the other one
was a blackened chicken salad with you know lettuce yeah just like how hard it's like things like
that yeah uh huh well take a little nap during the day just yeah just put your head on the team
biggest name the best talent
you
is
five
six
four
I'm sitting home watching TV
enjoying the beach and fire that really is neat
but I know that it won't last forever the doorbell has to ring
another Jehovah's Witness the things they want to save me they say wanna save me
after I tie a yellow ribbon around your neck to think I will grab your hand and
I'll pour your way if you still want to visit after I drag your ass away
I'll get on the cross I'll come to your house and I'll knock you I'm blue in the face
so don't you come I'm knocking because I'll be winning behind my own oak tree
what a shame the papal mass is over with and now we got some other crap on TV
I wanted to see that all day all the rest of the week all the rest of April you know
all right on and on and on like like this is news it's not news okay it's not news it's
sucking up that's all they do anyway exactly sucking up is an understatement
it's not anymore news and the fact that there's people in shoul and there's people with the uh
mosque and there's people uh wearing a mosque and stuff like that I've said this is Tom
Pain.com it is every time I think buzzes I know who it is and what it's all about me too
just like actually Paco was a wicked newbie that's pretty good okay send me a message
right back have a great day and there wouldn't uh a bunch of money and stuff like that
speaking of a bunch of money big oil is once again being called on the carpet
senior executives of the five largest US oil companies who would appear before a congressional
committee Tuesday where they were likely to find frustrated lawmakers in no more for a small talk
now the date on this story by the way I just got this off the internet is two
days April first okay why is this story on there now I get up
I'm gonna frost your head I don't think I've ever had that happen before where did I get that from
I'm gonna find where I got that story I think it was from the drudge retort you know
all right this is definitely in Florida by the way and they definitely rip off stuff if I
if I read a story on here it shows up on there on there on our website I could be wrong let me
wait a minute what is that from and now I can't go back as gasoline oh there is no it's from the
daily news New York Daily News well how come I don't understand this why is this in the New York
Daily News website when it's dated April first and it is April 17 for Christ's what kind of
comment as much a crap as that huh I give up New York Daily News my ass well that'll teach me to read
that proper gander crap God all my that's embarrassing isn't it a little bit no it's not you think
I care no when you got this pull up there like this you think I come and you're gonna
embarrass me no I'm beyond I see how you dress you're starting to sound like Paco now
well I could sound more like Paco but I can't do a good Spanish accent no or a bad way you see
by how I dress if you could see those quarter-wired pants I've been wearing lately really what kind
of sound do they make you're gonna start that again I thought you were trying to have that big
meaning with jolly joe and beyond good terms yeah well I'm gonna play that sound they just
don't like that that's just the sound of a quarter-wired pants padlings rubbing together that's
all right before they catch fire my favorite South Florida mall is songgrass 29 the songgrass we
have how many votes two 28 we're a thousand and two on the first one well I tell you we got over
we're kicking some big smelly ass these days I'll tell you I think I could be wrong
but generally you know you know how it goes you can feel the vibes you can tell you know what I'm saying
I saw not those things of us in a minute those things you just get that feeling probably because
we got the calls back on there not I don't know maybe that's part of it they've bonded them remember
that pull we took a few days ago sure we want the calls back me and that's what we want we don't
care about all these damn although they didn't mind the stories though of the people we still have left
another way and actually the last two days I can't knock the calls I'm not sure the idiots have been
there but we they've been there for like about a half a second right right maybe we're wearing them
down and once I get that router here then you're gonna see some real action man I'm gonna get Joe's
private detective on the case sorry you noticed that I didn't just send him
more faxes than he about the router no and you who else didn't send me anymore faxes my boyfriend
the one that says he's here my boyfriend oh no you've said that though what because he hadn't
sent any today oh he won't he's maybe he found a boy lover your lover my lover excuse me
love that my favorite South Florida mall is the Sawgrass 29 I don't live in South Florida 27
that's almost number one and rising to the top Abinsura 24 Boca Town Center 21 falls the
fall 17 Gaila Rear 11 swap shop for a lot of real tense not a mall is it I guess it is what is it
whatever that's a private theater how's that pressed in hand doing by the way is there not him locked
away somewhere no unfortunately pop it off asian square nine day land nine cruel square mall seven
broder mall seven tempera flakes mall six doffin mall six Lincoln Road mall six five Palm Beach
mall four the mall that won't ingreen for what are so many malls my god it's gonna take me to
a new tomorrow to read all these village of Merrick Park three shops at sunset place three
myzuna park three mall of the Americas three city place three facet three fell harbor shop
street shops at midtown Miami two Miami International mall two a dose crawl ridge mall two
shops at Pembroke Gardens one Westland one they like the tea rooms there and the glory holes
Southland one when how's Southland I never heard of that I don't know if it's a self-landing
color original oh really yep well the shops of Las Olas one Lehman's Fashion Island one
Lomans that's a Lehman's he's dead Lomans Fashion Island Laudithell Mall one festival three market
one mall one crawl a color Ridge mall one I thought you just said Southland is what used to be color
Ridge mall it is so why do we have color Ridge mall on there I guess he put on a choice
nice going Charlie B. Murray Brickleville these all have none Murray Brickle Village you know
somebody faceted and they didn't vote for it nice Town and Country Center Pioneer Mall Kendalakes mall
fountain shops at a station fashion mall diplomat mall cross country mall cocoa walk shops and
Boyton Beach mall all have the big O now that one the um in plantation there what is it the
fountain shops okay now that's the one where two jazers in there I thought I guess they're still there
and they have that pet the story there with all the cute little puppies in the window well I can't
I can't walk by there no oh my god I mean a couple of years ago when I was down there and I walk
by that thing I looked in the window thank God it was on like a Sunday and we're open you want to buy
them all yeah I mean there's all these cute little puppies they look at you they have that sad look
oh please please take me home I'm either gonna stick me in a wood shipper carpets what said by me or
they'll stick me in a wood shipper yeah like in Fargo she is so good man yep Francis McDormann and
show before I watch Fargo I'm sure I had seen her in other movies but I never really
that was she's one of those good character actresses she's always different in every movie yeah I
but she's great mm-hmm fact that whole movie is so damn good mm-hmm I love the scene where the
cuffs finally catch him in the motel yeah I'm not pounding on the door he's trying to
crawl out the window oh he's a little jai kind of funny looking yeah he's great too
but then again so are so many you know I think that's what I'm gonna do the starting now I'm
gonna go watch a movie which one would you recommend up nice and then now what about the
the covenant what about it you've already seen it what would you have already seen it have a
godfather we've already seen it five thousand times just got done seeing it watch of my son then watch
a good movie for a change I thought the covenant was just fine a different kind of good
oh I thought it was good real good you're looking at me and the sports leader
and your breasts are beautiful this is an ABC news special report the president now for his comments
have spaced this morning all in a row good morning the immediate goal of the surge was to
terrorize the Iraqi people the national government is sharing oil revenues with general
traitors and ambassador crocker and all who want peace in the middle east should support colossal
proportions of jack Daniels uh new urge all nations to back off and best of all smoke pot yeah
and I have done so and I believe this I believe uh I believe that my intelligence is approaching zero
just take my word for it all we do it's 12 45 and 5 60 W and we got jerks come out for two o'clock
you have no lots intelligence doesn't that show it's a very intellectual show you know five it is
okay see that music at the beginning it sends me you know where it sends me no where out the door
we're speaking of which I better start getting ready it's almost one o'clock already I'm gonna
get my pantaloonies on and my shirt sure I really sloppy closing in and out of where that's right
and you know what I don't care no by the way you know being your biggest defender as far as
your entire is concerned yeah you know that what does that mean well friends I'll come now after you
took that cheap shot I took a cheap shot for the sake of comedy but uh you know just so you know
because people have always told me that for years people you know they they they they like oh he
used to tell right how can you leave the house for a breath and he was sitting there with a wig
on half a on down the side of his head people say it to me like it appearances it's like we all
have all that money what is it just like that I say f you what is he dressed like that why do I
wear a dress like this yeah it's a lovely dress flag polka dot pink chiffon chiffon he's so fine
chiffon it's a song about Stephen straight in that movie is that it let's see here it's a just an
FYI for Charlie B. Poppano Square has been called Poppano Fashion Square for almost 20 years
20 years
Poppano Square we got what Poppano Fashion Square let me see yeah we got Poppano Fashion Square
and it's got nine votes it's just Poppano Square mall so take the fashion out of the thing
like me take the fashion out of like and dress like a slob like a homeless like Paco calls me they
look like homeless you know and I feel what I should say is if warrant for me you would be homeless
I'm not like that I'm not like George no you're not not at all no I'm not and that's good
well I'll be the same no of course not I'm an old softy that's on your hard ass so yeah I don't
pay for my friends sorry just quoting one of your friends cuts like a knife
Republicans are no longer underdogs in a race for the White House to pull that off John
McCain is attracted to scrumble GOP voters independence even some moderate Democrats who shunned
this party last fall partly thanks to increasingly likable image the Republican presidential candidates
pulled even with the two Democrats still brawling for their parties nomination according to an AP Yahoo
news pull release today just five months ago and this is today by the way this is a story from
April fools day like on at New York Daily News they had to go to hell the New York Daily
News they should rot so that made me read read the Rupert Murdoch's post just five months ago before
either party had winnowed its field the survey showed people prefer sending an unnamed Democrat
over an unnamed Republican the White House by 13 points also helping the Arizona Senator close the
gap peoples opinions of switlery have soured slightly while the views of Barack Obama have improved
though less impressively than McCain well of course wouldn't you race to the polls
vote for guy who's going bomb bomb bomb bomb brand yeah god David Mason of Richmond
Virginia's typical of the voters' machines gained since last November when the 46 year old personal
trainer was undecided Mason calls himself an independent voted in 2004 for president Bush
whom he considers a strong leader but a disappointment to the no-win situation in Iraq
right a strong leader thanks again for those little gas prices mr. president strong american dollar
and for all those dead people but other than that oh John Jaros was complaining about that the
dollar about what the dollar because you know he goes to Germany all the time yeah he's a Nazi
he's a good guy he's a good guy he's a good guy he's a good guy he's a proud of it too goose-taping
where's all the colors he goes to Austria and on the other side Austria not only did Hitler invade
Austria he didn't really have to they welcomed him with open arms that's right they were singing
Deutschland over all this is the troops who marching John Jaros knows all the words
he knows what all the words he's not embarrassed by that i'm not that much in favor of McCain it's
the other two are turning me off Mason set a clean an Obama all he's been through meaning McCain
is an asset he's an ass all right he didn't say the whole word though i can't he's
oh and and speak of that now do you have the new hc and disc i don't get the disc anymore remember
i have to download the uh the bits well it's a bit and we can't play it on here i didn't
luckily i just auditioned i he i find a lot of those that tornado and hillrie's pants who
gonna go listen right here it is hysterical i want you to listen to it right now she is sparting
up a storm i mean these are real rippers but oh my god
mm yeah listen to it during the break i'm gonna you know you'll be most amused
so what's this about how i got a dress when i go to woodwind first first of all i can see how
most of the people dress when you go to like to the hard rock or the woodwind when you go to the
casino you're not dressing up right where do i go like tomorrow night i'm going to mortons and i'm
gonna dress up kneels i'll put on some like nice dress pants and a nice long sleeve shirt and a
sports jacket and i look like a real manch i'm a big fan of people who dress like they want and
don't let other people tell them how to dress and don't talk in fashion in our fashion let me
things yeah and i just get a constant never ready oh put on that put on the shoes and put on
oh my god you look homeless you know like that i've only ever defended that about you
what do i care exactly i'm gonna spend all my money on clothes i'm gonna go to
hurry rosin and spend fifty five hundred bucks on clothes this is the shallow game shallow people
trying to impress other shallow people ah now you're talking see there's a knock that uh is
legitimate yeah people are so worried about what everybody else would say that's right
they think that's right about what he thinks he's a stranger he's a stranger couldn't be any
stranger that's right but there's some people you know especially immature in the childish
you look homeless okay sometimes they don't even have that excuse in fact sometimes i'm thinking
that maybe i will become homeless but nevertheless sparsam change mister have a nice day oh it is
beautiful i wonder what the temperature is right now you want to take a look for paulie
paulie's listening he's taking notes for tomorrow's show paulie man 18 degrees you know what that
isn't like 65 it's gonna be 21 70 today 22 72 manana 20 on Saturday 60 and Sunday a little drippy
in 59 haile luya baby and of course people are thinking what's the big deal with that
sub north man wintertime is finally over the long brutal nasty winter course i could have had
the most world you know yeah jackass facts you there that the ray or whatever's name was
so it's like we have an epitemic leave all these people trying to tell me how to live my life
how to arrange my career how to uh you know take a dump maybe they're in jerks still
same same thing
well like he invented wiping your ass you know oh no you wait from back to front that's the way
you're really doing the right mm-hmm i mean what kind of nonsense is that
like we there there are people who've been doing things for a jivian years but we're going to
reinvent them all you know how do you eat well take your fork and first you stab your ass with it
i just think you know i don't get people i well maybe they just have like you said shallow
right and no lives of the road so they have to be right they want to tell everybody else how do they
look like other people's lives like my mom like mom yeah yeah and i was tell her you know when you get
your life in order maybe you'll be in a position exactly not not it's not going to happen is it
nope america's ground forces are stretched to their breaking point Lawrence J Corb told the
house committee on armed services this week over this time the army has become severely overstretched
and it's overall readiness has significantly declined dr. Corbay senior fellow at the center for
american progress and assistant secretary defense from eighty one eighty five told the committee
that don't ask don't tell us contributing to the climate in a raccoon afghanistan responsible for
growing numbers of post-traumatic stress disorder and suicide among ground troops the bushing
administrations open ended an unconditional military commitment in a rac couple with the deteriorating
situation in afghanistan means that there is no end in sight for leaving the stress on our ground
forces corb be saying dr. Corb speech indicted the bushing administration on string from the original
vision of it all volunteer force including by refusal to reinstitute the draft is important
a protracted conflict and putting private contractors and combat roles when originally meant for
administrative and support services it is recommendations to expand and rebuild ground forces
corb spoke about lowering recruitment standards urged an emphasis on peacekeeping and fiscal
responsibility and called for an end of discrimination on the basis of gender and sexual orientation
the army and marine court cannot afford to place unnecessary obstacles in the way qualified
men and women who want to serve he said over the past ten years more than ten thousand personnel
have been discharged as a result of don't ask don't tell including eight hundred waskills deemed
mission critical such as pilots combat engineers and linguists these are very important job
functions for which the military's experienced personnel shortfalls general john am shalis kavili
whatever his name is the chairman of the joint chiefs in seventy ninety three said when the
don't ask don't tell policy was enacted he no longer supports the policy because now he believes
that law and game and a woman to serve openly in the military would no longer create
intolerable tension among personnel and undermine cohesion a recent zivy poll supports this view
it found that three quarters of Afghanistan and the right veterans were comfortable interacting
with gay people second court continued all military occupations should be open to whoever
qualifies regardless of gender currently the army marine prohibit women from serving in infant
free feel of artillery and special force units that directly engage in the army on the ground
swore he had a sign up she's used to that sniper fire going over her head
she's used to it
yes this is i would pursue senator hellary fliteness making it okay
if you even want to have that meeting with your boss the voters know where she don't plan
now did you listen to it no no i just thought i loaded it into you would be a good idea
okay thank you i want to get through my passion
she's new logic support for the five odd dqa m
thanks force leader this is on this is not a tomb it's the ones that two hour
three thirty in the morning and you hear yourself on beat
a while the hell they got his phone when he should be master sleep
you get up and check the message and access thanks for the sex
you just caught your hubby cheating through a goofy high school text
and the screaming stars
and the screaming stars
you
her screen name is pookie panda and your man keeps her warm
texting about their last date when he visited her dorm
she'd bang some for the sweater the gift card and i'd pod
this is that you can't wait to see him and feel his sexy bar
and the screaming stars
and the screaming stars
the screaming stars have a left get's gone get him in the head
with his own cell phone then you kick him hard in the family beans
he's lying on the floor holding his in between
you woke up on the neighbors but to them it's not through new
because they've got wrapping husbands who cheated on them too
here comes another message
the read it if you dare a pookie panda says she's not wearing underwear
and the screaming stars
and the screaming stars
the screaming stars
the screaming stars
and the left get's thrown
he hit him in the head
with his own cell phone
then you kick him hard in the family beans
he's lying on the floor holding his in between
okay one oh three but i sure was long it wasn't very entertaining but it was
long and in the meantime i was cute was cute was cute
mm-hmm not good
i didn't hear it because i was making me a wini on my quave
wow our schniders all be wini sounds good
it is good
log on to wqam.com and sign up for the qam mock dress challenge
for your your chance to win season tickets to the 2008 Miami dolphin season
brought to you by expert claims ejectors help me stick it over your odds greasy
though well a lot of fat in those winis man let me tell you right now
you ever see a fat wini just this morning comedian and former Nixon's
speech writer Ben Stein speaking a wini's what a jackass what an idiot
his new documentary expelled no intelligence allowed
will not open until this Friday but it's already been widely blasted for its
alleged dishonesty and looseness with effects this is written by mural can roastery
the headline is scientists says Ben Stein's expelled should really be
flunked out
Stein has recently emerged as a prominent spokesperson for so-called
intelligent design a pseudocentric gloss over the religious philosophy of
creationism were you aware of that uh yeah what is he some kind of like
juke or jesus or something something like that
idiot using filmmaking techniques clearly borrowed from michael morne
sign set up to confronts scientists educators about the alleged persecution
supporters of intelligent design whose time claims have been targeted for
retaliation and harassment
trying to finish his wini all right well it's a big one i don't want to read in
them there's the pope again it's not been easy it's not been easy it's such a
way my way my hand clip my hood made to today however the national cell
ascended for science education is performing an extensive investigation of the
martyrs profile in Stein's farm and it's found a consistent pattern misrepresentation
in other words lies we reviewed public records and reports on the intelligent
design promoters who were supposedly discriminated against and we discovered
that the claims that they lost their jobs over intelligent design are unsupported
biologists joe josh rosino explained that said professors who aren't making
advances in their field editors who disregard their journals establish practices
and lecturers who repeat creationist falsehoods shouldn't be surprised if they
have trouble holding jobs these people weren't expelled they flunked out
the controversies over expelled began last fall when two supporters of evolution
who are interviewed in the film professors Richard Dawkins and pz Myers claim that they were
treated to appearing by being told a film of presed a serious debate about the controversy
that exists in the market between evolution creation is a many intelligent design movement
at no time i was given the slightest clue that these people were creationists front
Dawkins complained Stein countered i don't remember single person asking what the movie was about
Myers recently noted that the producers have expelled appear to have stolen some of their sequences
from pbs and from a small animation company xvi vvo those producers that now counter sued xvvo
alleging that it claims are part of an ongoing campaign attempting to discredit the film and its
producers i didn't realize he was such a lunatic i mean i know he's an a whole lot
expelled is also come under far for its attempt to link a belief in evolution to Nazi genocide
when its producers offered a private screening to scientific american hoping for some sort of
positive released newsworthy reaction editor achieved john ready was withering in his criticism
we could simply ignore the movie reny wrote unfortunately expelled is the movie not quite harmless
enough to be ignored shrugging off most of the films attacks all recycled from previous pro id works
intelligent design would be easy but it's heavy handed linkage of modern biology to the Holocaust
demands a response for the sake of simple human decency kd saan scientific american communist
michael shurmer who also fears in the film expanded further on the Holocaust issue cleverly edited
interview excerpts from scientists are in his first with various black and white clips for
jokhuy association with boys beating up on a ninety eight pound wifling charlton has to
encourage him plan of the apes being blasted by a water hose the key to cruised share pounding his
fist on u and desk each Germans captured trying to scale the Berlin wall and Nazi premature remains
in holocaust victims being bulldozed into mass graves this propaganda production would make
Joseph gerbals proud shurmer pointed out in contrast that the deronian theory is often
used as the underpinning for a belief in styles preferred doctrine of free market capitalism a
factor which he found stand to be astonishingly ignorant in fact shurmer notes enrawn ceo jeffrey
skilling is said that is his favorite book while at Harvard business school is Richard Dawkins the
selfish gene of former bermanism that's killing badly misinterpreted the self is gene
shellfish game you know the shellfish that's what you ever launched mm-hmm a lot of it must have
been really great it was and the audience that's a legendary place by the way yes it is i
shouldn't take so much credit for some amount of money because it's legendary well you know when
you got a good deal a lot of people have to hear about it before it can move like that you know
what does that mean like if they offer that good deal on a show that has no audience it's
not going to happen what you'd rather say always pointing anybody out or just see a game
wasn't singling out anyone or stoo gots they did say they were getting a lot of calls this week
about the special and how to get the certificate so are you serious yep that's what they said
are you sure Carlos the great good guy a pizzerne good thank god for 15 screen fisheries and
the people who eat there and the people who bought this stuff and all the good people the big
winning so you said five six seven oh five that we got any not yet five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty out of a resonant singular miles line maybe we got some people out there with
an ant was leprosy right he was good right out of the box it was good first best and he was
actually still the one to beat all way really yep qi am hello that's like a show we have to
um the trunk which he doesn't have on being open up the hatch room say fill her up way just
done a whole bunch of newly burgers in the back there well don't let me forget next week do
that hamburger pull okay just to piss off um what's the uh oh yeah he's still I had it man he's
in the finals though he's in the finals is it back a road with that great uh what is that burger
that jerks was right about cowboy the cowboy burger baby now this jerks were a cowboy hat I haven't
seen him wear one yet oh whenever you something I think that would be great it wouldn't be the first
no big good image no because actually the the engineer that comes here who's a great guy don't
like the guy but he wears a like a cowboy hat mm-hmm well remember Charlie pride and the
enemy comes into my place he always takes off his shoes maybe he's Japanese yeah I'm never
asked him to take off his shoes but he's a great guy I mean he knows what he's doing he's uh
he's and he would have put a new router in there yesterday if they would have said okay go ahead
and spend 50 or 70 bucks or whatever and pick one up oh no take a look first and see before we go
spending any money god you know it's one thing to be cheap yeah it's another thing to be just
hey baby I don't know they said it's that router that you bought you know fill out an expense report
they'll be uh um brown I don't want I don't need it I don't need it okay so I'm in 42 bucks
do you I'm gonna win more I'll win it back this afternoon it would buy how many won a grand
yesterday eleven hundred bucks you think I need it right now now next year that's another story
next year I'm gonna be expensing toilet paper everything right good if I take a choice during
the show I'm gonna expense that the toilet paper good everything and the water
113 at 560 wqm neon god
this is the situation room hidden for the vacationing off litter the newest addition to the best
new steam on television go the ghost
hi this is the situation room but we got hit in the wide variety of situations
go now to our situation correspondent Kimbo hi a bow hey there little dude we got a situation
what's the situation well it's not a groovy situation it's more like a situation sure is it a sports-related
situation well that's the situation don't go to me we're on CNN the best damn nose team anywhere in
a universe well well like it's a good thing we got a room for this a restroom no situation room man
we're gonna be right back after this five minutes like a pharmaceutical and big oil
ads comfort is your friend year-round me friends
guys prices hit too high they were just hyperventilating on these certainly not news network
hysterical she was flapping around I thought she was gonna take off and flight the chick at the NYSE
118 at 560 wqm we got the jerk show it's through Georgia we're listening feverishly you know what
it's a big fan
not now if we could have put that stuff on the ear from was it yesterday or the day before
oh yeah i'd be a big fan of that no he had to say nothing but sure help those numbers in two to four
I probably shouldn't repeat what jolly josey to me about well i won't say probably shouldn't
oh see just by saying that that was enough and i'm oh he's ripping me again he's ripping us uh
who's the board up on that show now it's Carlos hey Jason how you doing everybody's great
jerks we are yeah hey jerks like the way you were swearing up as a number one year the other day we
didn't know about it we heard all about it everybody heard all about it we're on the radio you know
well that doesn't mean they were listening well it took their years up
i mean i parked my ears up in here too i'll take it that
ephanage and it was great that was a good ephanage time the best show he ever did
oh god well listen it's been nice knowing you jerks
police have stepped up controls in the elementary school minnesota after received threats in the
wake of accusations that it was using public funds to teach islam oh my god i like that
yeah what ill what's his facts oh more polls my god
which one of the following are you positive would call your parents to disown you one come out
of the closet two date outside your race three convert from your religion four-minute serious crime
five prostitute yourself or six become a drug addict how about all of those yeah that's not a bad
pull you think all right i'm putting it in my pile we're developing a nice big pile the threats
can after a local communist wrote that the terrek even ziyad academy is the bourbon miniapolis
charter school run by islamic charity appear to be violating a ban on teaching religion in
public schools charter schools are public schools run by private organizations with public funds
speaking of organizations too bad about the spokesman getting swept again not well i love that
the spokesman what an idiot while many have been started by religious groups they're bound to
us rules that public schools must accommodate the religious needs of their students but are
not allowed to promote religious views or lead prayer services the brewing controversy came to
him recent days when a substitute teacher said she saw students corralled into involuntary
prayer services and local tv station criticized the school for failing to fly u.s. flag
the story got picked up on an anti-Muslim websites and the school started getting
threatening calls and emails including threats to burn it down and destroy its students and leaders
these violent vicious attacks of us have resulted in death threats against my students
myself and my family Assad's amon executive director of the academy told afp wednesday
to rack even zayah it is run by the charity islamic relief us a and specializes in teaching
arabic language and culture in addition to standard public grade school subjects like uh
suicide bombing the majority of the students are Muslim and the school offers regular prayer
services and after school islamic instruction but officials say they're careful to follow state
guidelines zaman scoffs at the idea that the school is secretly islamic or that students are
forth to attend prayer services noting that's inspected regularly by the state department of
education and social number we putters in high profile politicians we do not teach religion we
don't favor any religion he sent a telephone review i wonder if they were cleaning the carpets at
the time you know there's magic flying carpets right we specialize in dramatic turn around more
than 90 percent of our students are in poverty and we outperform schools in the wealthy suburbs he said
but but the calmness to spark the controversy said that while the reports of threats are repellent
they shouldn't distract attention from the central issue here and that is whether this
publicly financed school is skirting on breaking the law that all others must observe when it comes
to religious endorsement are they skirting it maybe they make the kids wear spirits if this were a
bunch of Baptists or Catholics with the kids being led to the rosary on monday through thursday and
led the mass on friday there would be any question that they would be crossing the line said many
apolis star tribune commas cavern christian christians also concerned that the school which is a long waiting
and recently expanded with second campus will prevent the assimilation of the iris growing population of new
muslim immigrants if you have a very large muslim population being educated at timespare expenses
in a separate system where arabic is mandatory and there's an emphasis on the culture of the so-called
eastern world it seems to me you're setting up a very problematic situation she told fp it's a
situation like bokehver would say he's not anymore right thank god don't hear yesterday i think it
doing what other day it was in the halls god you know there's some people like him and robert greeper
through like part of the wall paper they're like part of the woodwork they never vanish you know what
do you know exactly what i mean well it's that shockocracy that's uh we always talk about oh yeah
the minnesota department of education says it goes to great lengths to ensure the charter schools
understand they must be non-sactarian in nature are also accommodating the religious beliefs of students
we take seriously the concerns raised regarding terrah eban zai out academy and are conducting an
appropriate review of minnesota education commissioner alas segan said in a statement i wonder what the
statement senator clinton will win pence oveña and then trying to go on to a state that they
exhibition that a result of the law with a polling indicates that he's safely ahead there are two
primaries that day north carolina and indiana indiana is likely to be the coast one but he is
concentrated on a state where he does expect to win because most people believe there has that in
fact there's not been a single poll somebody get built united some water for christian people to swallow
all some kinds of anything go on yeah you're right because of one the poll that we did just before i
think you're read it likely democratic primary voters choice of poor nominee in vince oveña 48 clinton
thirty eight percent of baroque obama now sure let's talk about baroque obama last night
this is what's not let's not let's not talk about last night the worst debate in history it wasn't
even a debate it was a bunch of like that article by dog tops and i started the show with that was good
through each step on top of us it was just a set up it was a shield for a hill for the shrill hill
that's all it was and it was that stupid as charlie gives him what his bike focus down on the
tip of his note in that buggy when you see that when people do that it cracks me up it doesn't mean
people make fun of the way i dress like a slug at least hell nothing wrong with being a slug if you
want to be right but with your bifalc was done on the tip of your nose you look like a jack it's like a
jerk makes me chordle like car eleven there i mean it's a good guy good jewish senator from a
Michigan but nevertheless he looks like an idiot when he's got them bifalc was done in the
end this new which it keeps bringing the fact that he's Jewish you know he's got that big schnauz
charlie gives him on the other end is not Jewish and doesn't have a big schnauz and he still got
to them bifalc was down the tip of his thing on a nationwide debate looking like a clown like an idiot
and jord step on top of his who is a clown and an idiot he stood no one there on the side you know
with his hand up hill he's dressed up
the biggest name the best out he's been around like the unborn train your five sixty qa m
the sports leader exploding balls norma can mr can't this is clear channel we're prepared to offer you
let's see y'all there's my Mickey Mantle rookie card norma can't hello mr can't this is xm uh we're
looking for an anchor show for our network and with you where's my head crane pool there it is
norma can't hello mr. good this is milk condom not only have to find my marve thrown very
oh norma can't joe bel here hi joe oh just calling let you know and I'm leaving for more
of the same of nothing to go nowhere is still underway okay oh i found my school is joe jackson card
with the ringtone now what's the story you and he are getting together for a little pow
on your deal i don't think so no i don't think so either because you guys hate each other i don't
hate him jord hates you norm oh oh look at there's the other boys i'm the ones too
a muslim member are actually executive director of the interfaith youth core and also joining us
from new haven can etiquette or no study a muslim kind of convert to catholicism and a professor at
Yale divinity school great to have both of you ebu let's start with you you were actually inspired
to service by the catholics that's right when i was in college i came across it's great
welcome everybody's talking with a jewish accent now is it because it's paysock coming up this
weekend or what the post was talking about a jewish accent this guy was supposed to be a muslim
he's talking about a jute that's right the banish time out la laza etc what is that
it's join them it's not join me he was talking about a jewish accent believe me i know i
jewish accent but i hear one okay don't give me it was twinman how many times you've been in
twinmany not none well ask me how many times i've been here about a hundred yeah so who do you think
has got a better take on a german accent you or me i say you but i usually watch hogan's heroes
so there oh i forgot about that robber cheer who writes the man who would be bush
our americans unusually stupid or is something our president putting in the water as millions
who rented their homes and sacrifice other standards of our nations economic and political
reputation of the caprice of the bush channey and purium a majority of voters tell posters that
they might vote for a candidate who promises more the same assuming that likely voters are not
now thinking of yet another republican president simply because john mccain is the only white guy left standing
and excuses pathetic and it's logic as they decision four years ago to return to exit text and oil hustlers
to the white house because they were not massachusetts liberals must mean that tens of millions of
americans have taken leave of their senses if not the white guy syndrome law would even a shocking
minority of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama supporters say they prefer mccain to be of the
other democrat how otherwise to explain the nation's widespread bipartisan rejection of the
worst president seeing yet a willingness to let mccain continue in that vein to be sure as a
senator mccain is exhibited flashes of independence on behalf of taxpayers as in the support of
campaign finance reform in which he partnered with democrat rice fine gold mccain's investigations
of the military industrial complexes shameless exploitation of terrorism fears set a high standard
as an exposing the air tankers scandal that dispatched a bowling executive in a former Pentagon
employed a prison but his political ambition is showing although he previously harshly criticized
enormous waste in the rack occupation today is a presidential candidate he opens it over to
a hundred years more of taxpayer dollars tossed down the drain in a rack the man who was tortured
now hugs a leader who authorized the same by so on a bashfully embracing the most glaringly
failed u.s president ever mccain has surrendered the right to be considered independent candidate
judge on his own merits in personal history a vote for mccain is a vote for that rancid
recipe mixing religious bigotry and pere oil arrogance and corporate greed that he had stood against
in the run up to the two thousand presidential election which he winny challenge George W. Bush
but to which now he's capitulated to harsh they consider just how tight this tight the spaces
between the rocks of our failed minis policy and the hard place of our impending financial disaster
the son out of control spike in the cost of oil the key short-term market variable the
specter that stokes inflation fears and limits move to a hoed recession is not a natural disaster
or in any realistic way the result of inefficiency and use of energy what's more than doubled price
and petroleum in the shore one was not that too many of us bought hummers but rather than the
political stability of the region that contains the bulk of that oil was deliberately and recklessly
roiled in this name of fighting the nine eleven terrorists the Bush administration overthrew one
Arab government most adamantly opposed to the Saudi of financiers of that son of their system
or some of in Laden instead of confronting the world leaders of a kingdom that supplied 15 to
the nineteen hijackers we invaded nation that supplied out a single one while Bush overthrew
Sodom was saying who had no ties to the hijackers he embraced the leaders of Pakistan Saudi Arabia
and the United Arab Emirates the only three nations in the world that had diplomatically recognized
and supported the Taliban sponsors of al-Qaeda consider that historical market at time when the UAE
and Saudi Arab bankers are buying major positions in distressed US financial and other key corporate
institutions I know it all sounds too conspiratorial like imagining that we might wake up from this
national nightmare and discover that the CEO of Halibur in a replacedic chainy when the latter selected
himself to be Bush's vice president now has this headquarters in Dubai tucked safely into the
obscenely oil revenue rich UAE that our troops were sent to Iraq to protect there's no national
outrage even seriously sustained media interest over the fact that Chinese old company profited
enormously from ripping off US tax dollars going into the Iraq occupation north there even much
curiosity about the shenanigans of halibur in which is doing business with Arab oil shakes
at a time when US banks these Middle East and oil interests brought into are moving into foreclosure
on American homeowners it's just the sort of egregious betrayal of the trust of the taxpayers
that Senator McCain would have gone after before he sought to down the soiled robes of the Bush
presidency right to Robert Sheer the man who would be Bush Nick Bush I'm getting pretty
mc tire to the whole mc crap you know what I'm saying I hear how we do not Charlie B's great pool
and by the way are even the Brandon something a couple of sarcastic I mean people hate this pool
yeah yeah George and Chris and usually non-committal 28 to 98 what both so you're after
the 14-year votes on the two bulls today pretty damn impressive he asked me
especially considering one of them is such a piece of direct swill my favorite soft floor
to Molly's I don't live in soft floor it's tied for number one 37 with a sawgrass 37
I mean like that and I better find refresher we're going over 300 like I said 301
totally very popular pole George arrived
sawgrass 38 at 11 South Florida 38
Wilkinson Center 31 Adventure of Mall 28 the falls 18 Gailoria 16 and one maybe even one for
double digits because there's 600 malls you think maybe there's too many malls maybe
they land 12 what's up for a lot of the 11 pop it up square 10
Howard mall 10 everybody else single digits too many malls and of course once the big
depression really gets into full swing a lot of people are going to be shutting their doors
you know yeah really sad for a second but over in Saudi Arabia back to the world family they're
not they're not missing any meals they're not rubbing their back legs together worrying about
whether they're going to be able to make their mortgage payments whether Joe Bell is going to
give them a big race so they can like live the life of Riley and go make a couple more babies
stuff like that and believe me when it comes to making babies man those Saudis wow they must be
real busy
thanks for it's a leader there's no fact in the church
you're fair
Obama tried to put me to the down
but now he knows all stick around
talking about my emanation won't give up my supergid to delegate
if he thinks I will he must be not talking about my emanation this is my
emanation baby block wants me to flip a fade away talking about my emanation what else do you think
his pastor will say I'm not trying to cause a big altercook occasion
about my emanation but I'll fight to the death for mine in an nomination
this is my nomination baby
Hey nomination rhymes with legation
143 17 till 2 the jerk show at 2 o'clock this afternoon no more heat stats because the
seasons over maybe we'll replay the ones from the past season how about the ones from the
championship season Chris that would be cool you know pretend that we just had the championship
season well they uh they won't know the difference because who the hell's paying attention anyway
fuck what exactly well you'll be placing them I got all my clothes on all my sloppy clothes
I got my old man shirt on it's kind of like a light green kind of puse I got my brown
corduroy pants on and I got my shoes on my new balance night and that's about the only good my
underwear my shoes are the only good things I got on and my watch yeah I got one of those
citizen watch what do they call these they are last forever they like the salt winding yeah
but what's the name for them what do they call automatic expensive canadah
you know it's not I don't know 500 bucks that's not expensive yeah it is for some of us yeah
yeah compared to a Rolex it's not expensive compared to the cassio on where it is
cassio yeah Cassie oh hey I'm wearing a fossil so you know yeah it's classy no comment
now I don't know how to pronounce this guy's name Chris George in the who was maybe Chris
my no Jason be G H E beggy I have no idea never heard of them
star David DeCovny his childhood pal and actress T. Alione in 1980 started as to me more's
love interest in GI Jane he's been featured in numerous TV dramas such as criminal minds numbers
of NCSI numbers with a three I don't know what they did how do you say that numbers oh in 2005
beggy appeared in promotional spots for the Church of Scientology and I'm not sure I'm pronouncing
his name wrong with none of us ever heard of him but now beggy has escaped the church
after taking courses since 1994 he's made a video that's up on you
this is what he has to say Scientology is destructive and a ripoff how do you like that
huh Tony Cruz the shot coming you fairy he also says it's very very dangerous for your spiritual
psychological mentally emotional health and evolution I think it's stuncy revolution
if Scientology is real then something's effed up that's what Jerksa did is everything was effed up
f in this and f in that you can see from the video that says that beggy does mince words but
is refreshing candor brought to religion he joined in 94 should shake the celebrity center to its
core it ain't deliver what it's promised it sure is not he said the video is bill is a three minute
teaser to a longer interview with beggy that's on its way but the short video packs a powerful punch
he still uses a lot of Scientology lingo like OT and clear still it's quite easy to understand
the point he's making after 14 years and a tremendous amount of money he sings Scientology
in a different light he's completed so many courses that he's considered top Scientologist or a
something similar to Tom Cruz John Revolta in first the alley but he reveals the further up the
bridge the worse you get an st5 whatever that is he has I don't have an agenda I'm just trying to
help I have the luxury of having gotten into Scientology and after having been in it been out
and that's a perspective that people are still in and not out don't have how about the people
are in and out that's cute like Tom Cruz I'm sure Tommy Cruz is in and out don't you bet a lot
Hey Tommy you're fair you're kidding you I can anybody anymore you're making anymore movies like
bottom gun cute I don't know what he's doing lately good I can only imagine now I've heard of
today it's called 3 million farm bird why did they always say called killed butchered
called such a stupid word call 3 million farmed birds and was probing seven fresh cases of
suspected bird flu and as the country grapples with its worst avion influenza I've broken four years
and just two weeks after we as confirmed 12 cases of deadly h5N1 strain raising an alarm is the
highly viral viral viruses spreading and its fastest rate since the country reported its first
case in 2003 the farm ministry said today it had seven new reports of suspected bird flu outbreaks
at poultry farms in north and south geolupramances some 200 miles south of Seoul with the first bird flu
recurrence for a year was reported earlier this month the country raised the risk level for
bird flu to the second highest on wednesday and sent 200 soldiers to kill and bury birds as an
outbreak was confirmed at a farm just 60 miles south of Seoul bringing the disease closer to the capital
the ministry said today its quarantine work would focus on speeding up slaughtering and investigating possible
causes of the spread such as migrating birds and transport workers who've been moving around
affected sites in other parts of the country but we better hope those birds stay there you know it
so not to make Alfred Hitchcock wins and tippy headroom too who else was in that movie
that was it that we know well that that I can name nobody a lot of birds
what about the guy from psycho martin what tells his name martin balsam what about him he wasn't in it okay
I don't know i'm thinking oh there's what's his name
damage gold is my passion oh by any character gold there's the gold right
10 characters up to 21 just a couple 24 characters
just a container he was in the birds that's what says she's an old bag rod tellers whose
amp was rod teller now that people knew who rod teller was he was considered a really a good
looking leading man by those who had no taste Suzanne plusher that's why we're thinking of
Suzanne plusher I love Suzanne plusher she's still alive google it okay let's hope that she's why
January 19th 2008 she died this year see oh no i'm sure we had that on the show but we have
all the dead people you know in fact many of them are listening Veronica Cartwright oh yeah okay
that's enough i never heard of that well once you get past the tippy headroom and the other
Suzanne plusher tippy headroom is she still alive i think she is i'd bet on it if i had the money
really so anyway i got my shoes on my shirt my pants i'm ready still alive who is alive still
alive tippy headroom is still alive how do you like that and she's going to be in a new movie this
year well good for her she was always squealing about the fact that his cock was dirty old man was
grabbing all over all the chase on his movies he was old pervert well what are you going to touch him
without him like reaching and grabbing left like me that's what i'm going to start doing today
woodbine i see somebody good i'm reaching out and grabbing them good play can that be felt
a new book by Cliff Shector is the inside scoop on john mccan we had some of this already as
in c u next time but we can't we can't repeat this off it enough it's got some new stuff
and if you want to know why john mccan was called mcnasty in high school read it
at one point Cindy playfully tore all mccanes here and said you're getting a little thin
up there mccanes face reddened and responded at least they don't plaster on the makeup like a
trollop u c u next time mccanes excuse was that it been a long day if elected president the
west mccanes would have lots of long days the event was witnessed by three reporters and two
aides of john mccanes dug coal and west gullet besides being a complete a hole which john mcnasty is
the issues here are john mccanes temperament and his mental sanity what i'd say to have been
sent for long time crazy person senator mcnasty is referred to republican colleagues as
follows he told senator cornon f u said to senator grassley i'm calling you an fing jerk and
once told senator dominici only at a hole would put together a budget like this
perhaps this is why senator caulkren right when mr. cipi republican one said the idea of john
mccanes eop nominee sends a chill down my spine how do you like that it's sent a chill down his spine
if an emocrater acted the way john mccanes acted the president be calling him mentally unstable a
lunatic angry extreme and unfit for public or office the president claimed that the person should
check it into a mental hospital right in john mccanes republicans of nominate a 71 year old psycho
who calls his wife a c u next time and a trollop this is the same john mccanes refers to asian
as gooks and says i hate the gooks john mccan kukku kukku it says kaka kukku right
just like all those birds in self-career i imagine it's real sanitary whether you like it like in most
of it is you know like in china yeah very sanitary like like in a chinese restaurant many of them not all
you know you've heard that stereotype about all we wouldn't want to see the kids in the chinese
yes i have heard that you heard that maybe maybe that's in china right because we love the chinese food
yes we do 70 they're going to be 72 year tomorrow the sun is shining it's beautiful and there's a big
there's a big sign in the sky that the lord just put up come to a wood mine plunge your guts out
have a great day that's what it says how can you pass up a deal like that from the lord i rather
listen to sign in the sky then that silly ass pope that was talking with a jewish accent today at
that what stadium the pubs hukken of china gonna jewish accent nonetheless
forward you'll five sixty you i am ​​​4th leader
It's subir my love我的 town
and five six school w
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying
The lights a呼 people.. I'm dying, I don't die Maybe you'll hear me, no no I'm dying, I'm dying
We fight, we fight, we fight, we get to the side of the creatures we strive
We fight, we get to the side of the creatures we strive
Today, one of us you go away, the people we both are the same
Both for body and desire to watch your face and your eyes
And attack it, and attack it, and the truth is you're the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the only one who's the same
And you're the only one who's the only one who's the same
Bye, bye, bye!
