No person that's prepared for a murder case about this threat meant for a suicide to this mixture or a day something or a prayer.
The biggest need of this dumb business ever.
You're listening to sports radio 560W QAM, my army for the Latter-Dales.
This sweet life to the summer's morning.
The
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
A
Stab four sponsors now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQ am right naked
Dad
Go and act
For the last time
Or the final
edition of the Jack Show
You hear that a part
I need some graduate
They should
He be doing a homie
He fall
I'm in football
He been a part of now
Cross now
Oh yeah
Thank you very much buddy
What a proud yeah
How about that?
I like the world as little gay lady in the zone
Give it up Albert
Yo Bell
And Jack Ty I just want to tell you what a great show you got here
I like the personally extended Laurel and Hardy congratulations for a job well done
By the naked yo yes guys we think very highly of you here
If I'm afraid we're gonna have to let you go
Well corporate fields are not sportsy enough to maintain a coveted zero rating
I mean I thought I was about to board football they ball the heat moves the hoops and heat
Not the menu the real agenda grab a ball for just very true
Well, but you left out knuckle bending
Give it yo this is a spruce up on my arrangements
Can you get me all the hoover old times eight?
Can't do it, Jackson
Oh
Bye bye
Well anyway it's 10-01 we had guilty squeaking on the smorgas
Joe Rosen be back tomorrow I say on the schedule
Mm-hmm
Thank God
And then tomorrow at the two we got Curtis and Danny canal this is a patchwork purple
This is just a patchwork week and then of course next week starts that new schedule on Tuesday
Georgia's trying to get off on Monday Labor Day
That's right
Well who are you gonna talk to about that?
Parents
My department had yes
Your department head?
Mm-hmm
Good
God
The two-headed monster
He's got two does he?
Oh yeah he's got two heads
Anyway, so how about that bubble last night he was great
I watched it
He's a hell of a speaker always was always will be although he's you know
And what a novation he got weren't you?
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
Exactly what I expected too
Shut up
Well I'm not already compared to what we had last eight years
Oh yeah
Anybody with half a brain says boy he sure was looking pretty good by our in-rep respect
Mm-hmm
Compared to what we got now all the way noticed that they and of course the networks if there's anything that we need on MSNBC and CNN is a lot more analysts
Oh my god
They got a lot of time to fill
They just keep
They've got like on CNN they've got like 16 different panels each with about five different goofballs on there
Which we've seen them all a million times and MSNBC is doing the best to emulate them
And so we can't be bothered seeing like carry speech or a percentage of speech there were a whole lot of pretty dang good speeches
I read about which we didn't see anywhere because well they were too busy pontificating and analyzing all the analyzing all the time
Don't you love that when they um it's like when we have the debates and then the network spend an hour and a half after the debates telling us what we just saw
In other words you people are stupid you don't understand what you just saw so we're gonna sit here and analyze it for you
God
And then of course the Biden I thought was a little on the week side his speech
Little weak he kind of bumbled and fumbled and stumbled and mumbled and but he was you know and of course the piece of resistance there at the end when Obama made his
Surprise entrance which you didn't even see because there were I was eating pie well you eaten pie oh god I
Have a real great line for that
What is it was good can you use it you have it in some humble pies what you want to eat yeah some humble pie
Remember when you used to mumble maybe George maybe George will you see mumble pie that was it
So we had Jeldia on this morning this afternoon starting at two right after us I guess we're just the as usual trouble makers here
Yeah
Because we are part of this incredible wall of football that we have here today on the way I'm starting at two it's the QAM football extravaganza
It's a wall of football y'all
We got the big O rock solid and Danny cannell and the beast and Curtis and Don Bailey Jr. and Jesse Agler and just a whole bunch of goofballs
From two to six thirty four and a half hours of pontificating about two silly games
The Keynes are playing a girls team and the dolphins are playing the right-submission scheme that don't count for nothing
Were they playing the dolphins are playing the same world that we've won the Saints come marching in I noticed that this last storm here
What's it called month is it fake I don't know Bruce fake Gustavo no Gustavo Gustavo whatever it held it is that's headed right toward New Orleans again
I think that the Lord is really pissed off he didn't do enough damage with Katrina he's gonna go in there and just blow that thing right off the mat
And he's really pissed off about that Ray Nigan head
What a peck of a job Ray
So anyway we got that for four and a half hours and then we got count down to kick off on QAM at six thirty
Hurricanes game day on kiss country and then at seven thirty we got the Hurricanes game against Charleston Southern
That's on kiss 99.9 FM
8 o'clock we got the dolphins in the Saints on QAM and then we got the Finns final on QAM at 11 o'clock
We got 600 hours of football we got Joe Bell's Wall of football y'all
Just worried about whether those phones are working or not how are the calls yesterday
They were adequate until about one o'clock then it was like Polentate
What do you mean adequate what is it there were some that were some real colors yeah
Yeah, I didn't have any of those on Tuesday they must have been waiting for you to come back that must have been it or they were just
We got them all I lost to be on Monday on Labor Day even though he thinks he's gonna get today off your dream
I'm gonna try having they got some programming they got I love when you say that mm-hmm yeah
Yeah, they can they can put on ESPN radio when you get a there you go for the four hours. Oh
Labor Day you're gonna blow our bonus money right down you
Oh, yeah, I'm gonna be doing a Labor Day if you really cared you'd do that show on Labor Day
I don't care. I don't work I don't work Monday in the summertime. Okay. I know and if it was on Tuesday
I wouldn't do it either that's right. I'm old and daughtering
No, probably a lot of service. Maybe I work for a fat ass fool
God what a fool, but we'll get to that momentarily
Here's George's pull from yesterday
What's your take on Hillary speech last night meaning?
Tuesday night correct
I thought you done good. I thought you did pretty good better than I expected
I mean not that I'm any big fan of hers, but nevertheless or even any small fan of her
I couldn't hear her over her dress or a
Pants it that screaming or in that panting flaming orange. Yeah, it was neon
What's your take on swillery speech? It was great 101
She said what she had to say 90 I'm not watching the convention 88
I didn't see it 83 well
What's wrong with you people? What were you watching for crying out loud?
Panamanian idol
Whatever 24 whatever it sucked 15 she failed the United Party 15 and Hillary who ate oh
Some of the choices you put on these polls my god and you only had 424 votes. Yeah, I know
You know what yeah, I know it's weak. Yeah, whatever you say when you agree Chris you're the pull master thought back for four hours
What do you mean four hours? I didn't change it to a clock. I wasn't even here. It was
I was having a mixture lunch what it was changed by 230
230 or changed it well went up there literally just before 10. Yeah
She's trying to defend 424 votes on the full. Let's take a look and see what we got on the one today
569 already. Yeah, what are you like I said 571?
But you don't care. I don't
I really don't okay
But it aggravates you when I pretend to show you so that that makes it worth not any mission now that now that you admitted that you're just trying to gaslight
Oh, no, I care a lot
Yeah, I don't choose the in Thursday. I'm based on and Monday through Friday starting on Tuesday, September 8
Oh, can't wait we Tuesday through Friday. What for you to start earning that paycheck?
You mind your own nose business about my paycheck. Okay, mister
Slacker
In fact, you know something I think this month you ought to send that big chick to chicken. Oh, yeah, keep him up. Uh-huh sure
Since you're so you got your nose very deep into my paycheck and yeah, that's right. That's everything's keeping making stuff up
I'll kill us for hours. Yeah, I gotta do it somehow. Here's the current pool. What's your take on the colors on the old show?
572 votes they the all-time worst
149 that was my vote also the all-time worst
They're okay
135 who the hell do you think said they're okay?
They're funny as hell 117
Joe Bell is the anti-Christ 104 now see when you put a great creative choice on like that on a poll then you get a response
104 people rightfully said Joe Bell is the anti-Christ
No more calls 67
That's 572 by the way you want apology a normal can who me? Yeah
Because on Tuesday you made some grotesque
Rip ass ripping comments about Norma. Uh-huh. Hey Norma you ferry and come to find out what I called him that he had been ill and he had like
Shingles and so whatever shingles is so is that like itching and and all related to that
Fall he took from that yeah, remember that oh
Gee, let me get a tissue
Yeah, we'll wipe your back over anyway you own the positive for what and then come to find out after I screamed and hollered on the phone for a half an hour
He talked to jolly joe Bell fat ass yesterday for a half hour allegedly and tomorrow we're getting a report
Uh-huh as to what they're doing
About the chronic colors to your foreign particular
Oh, we're getting a documented
Enjoy
So how do you like that CEO Norma Nepali. He's really getting her don't will I give it you
You I will I guess I was the one that said he was incompetent and a fool yeah, so are you all monopoly? I will I give it you
WQ I am hello
That was Joe no doubt about it from the conference room
Yeah, oh, they they you know you do understand, but maybe you don't realize this
jolly joe
And the three misfits you know moron and the pro-zac roon and that sweaty a hog
They they sit there down there in the conference room with jolly joe that's right
No, what do they have so many lines? They're all right. They got their own battery of phones that they had installed down there
And they sit there cranking the show for four hours every day
Because if there's one thing that jolly joe has helped that I'm doing a lot with joys
It's to destroy this show and destroy my career and destroy our state of mind
Mm-hmm, but you know what the techs keep coming and they keep clearing. So that's all that's all we care about right now
And maybe we'll take a whole bunch of calls today and maybe not based and the poor result is kind of like a wishy
Washi isn't it? Yeah, can you do say anything from that poor result?
A lot of people have bad taste or they like hearing crazy people all day or maybe the crazy people voted a whole bunch of
Later
Thank you so much
Nobody thought of 46 year old black guy named Barack Obama was gonna be the Democratic nominee
I am extraordinarily honored that some of you will support me
If we just have the courage to change
For the first time I'm really proud of my country
The son of black and white parents spelled the other confront this age old issue
Investing in the health welfare and education of black and brown and white children will ultimately help all of America's prosper
White
I am
200 years old
John McCain understands the dependence upon oil
And I am at the slightest doubt about it
These are dangerous times we're in two wars
Okay, so let's make a decision
What am I gonna throw it? Why am I gonna do
The drama is far from over
What do you think it needs
The name George W. Bush will not be on the ballot and that's got you excited
Well, thank God for that
Can you imagine four more years? Well, that would be McCain another four years of this and then if they can keep enough oxygen going
Maybe eight more years of that
Tomorrow's his 190th birthday and tomorrow's the day that he's supposedly gonna want out his running mate
I got a couple of stories about that about Jew Lieberman
You knocking Jew Lieberman man. Yes, good
Don't ever stop
594 votes on the poll what we shoot before today about 600 oh, let's go for 650
QIM
Football extravaganza the one good thing today this Thursday and we have a restaurant deal
Yes, we have the field today right a spectacular place. It's gonna be a field day mm-hmm
Christopher George every day is a field day a field day WQA and hello
Hey, Neil. Yes sir
The television is the best way to see this thing is to watch it on sea span and just avoid it
Avoid all the annoying babbling from these other
Comments
That's a great way to see a lot of these things that aren't televised like yesterday they had this
Lady shopper pilot I think it's a candy duck worth you a shot down. She lost both her life
And she went through everything that
McCain voted against for veteran benefits
And that was pretty powerful listening to this lady talk. She just came back to her rack
If you know is a veteran is not getting the benefits that's needed
And also with ironic as they had carry on and I I guess you probably saw that but
He was talking about and you know they they called him a big flip flop or the irony is that you know
McCain's the biggest flip flop forever
And then they they tore against his Vietnam record carry and you look back and all that was lunch alive
But then here's here's McCain talking about he's a war hero when all the records show he was never tortured and he made all these
Propaganda further Vietnamese while you know hell and you don't see them tearing him down, you know
Yeah
Yeah, well the media the media is is what it is never gonna change
Well, hopefully everybody wakes up cuz uh, yeah, we have only one good choice
So I think no point and did a pretty good job last night. I did an excellent job. He was good
Yeah, so you know that's what we're missing is a true leadership and hopefully
That'll change your stuff. Okay, put it over you off and man see it
Yeah, I almost actually liked the above of there for a couple of minutes last night during his speech. I thought he was awesome
Yep, cuz he is one of the best speakers of our time and uh, he's good and he knows how to work that audience man. He knows how to work a crowd
You know, I mean by that or hmm. Well good then maybe you couldn't come in for me
He's got charisma. He's got presence. He's got. He's right
He really how to do it. He knows how to get him all whipped up to a frenzy in fact when he got up there on that podium
He couldn't shut that crowd up. They just were going ballistic. They were in nuts
And we kept seeing the swallahry there in the crowd with Chelsea and I kept thinking when I saw Chelsea my god
There is life on Mars
She's better than she used to be she is a trod the guy well. That's cuz she they gusty that per hearl
They did
She is flat-ired it put a lot of makeup on her. We got Amy Carter and Chelsea Clinton man. I know what that's all about it to two thought
Two seven Yehu uh
daughters and Jimmy was on another on MSNBC. He was a floating around
You notice they didn't let him speak at the convention
Yep, they they brought him out on stage the other night. I guess Tuesday night, but they didn't let him speak
They didn't want him to start causing trouble you know talk talking too much truth
About the Middle East and what's going on with Israel and the Palestinians and all of this stuff
Cuz then you leave them and probably would have come running at
He would have had McCain on a leash, but they would have been together
Now they're they're saying that it might leak out today
McCain's choice for deep
Why did we beep?
Covered a QAAM. Hello. Hey Neil. Yeah, I don't know what to say about the phone calls, but it's wonderful to have Goldie back
Somebody here. Yeah. Yeah, that's the sad part. We'll see how long you're gonna be there. Okay hot shot
Hot shot with no life
Oh Brandon is sending me stuff. That's good. Get a whole bunch of stuff ready
Maybe not for today, but all depending all depending on what we find out tomorrow from Majoli Joe and his private investigator
Oh, I'm working feverishly on this for you to you
Uh-oh
Bomas starts standoff
Now doesn't that kind of like a tickle your curiosity bone a little bit. It tickled my fancy. Yeah
fancy shmancy, but by the way passions is off the air
I have my phone out. Oh, I don't have that little dish here
But it's off the air and that's sad. Mm-hmm
And the good news is I haven't watched any soap operas including guiding light in months and months and months
I think in my old age and becoming like neuter
Newport Richie a man who was angered by Michelle Obama speech at the DNC was taken to custody after a six-hour standoff with SWAT team members
Pasco County of Thorey said
Sheriff's Office spokesman Kevin doll
Who's the living
Doll legend said the man whose name was not released will undergo a psychological evaluation
Doll said Monday night standoff started after the man ran out of his RV yelling and firing a gun
Oh, that's not unusual in Newport, Richie
SWAT team members fired riot gas into the man's home, but Doll said the man remained inside until about five o'clock Tuesday morning
Well a lot of people get all whipped whipped up and fired off or fired off and over that goes
597 on the pull we're approaching 600
Sure a lot more than church had an at-horse ball pulled yesterday actually actually you should have gotten thousands of ocean that about solar
His speech. I thought she'd done pretty good. She was all right last night. Thanks. Biden unfortunately was
He was okay
And of course too much of that hearts and flowers thing, but that's what America. Yeah, yeah
America wants to see they want to see his 400-year-old mom that she was like a walking wrinkle
She is she's like a walking wrinkle. Did you see her you see Biden's mom? I did not she's at least 600 years old more wrinkly than
Barbara Bush see a thousand a million more wrinkly than her she's just wrinkled from head to toe
I mean, it's kind of hard to have wrinkles on your toes, but she's got them
And then we got to the schmaltzie part now. I got up there on stage after a bottle made his surprise appearance and he
You know got the crowd all whipped up and tonight is the big
Speech tonight's the nightmare at Invesco Field which used to be Milhye Stadium
And leave it to Keith Obramon to point out that only Obama being a real jocks kniffer that he is
Only he'd have the footspeed to get up there and call it Milhye Stadium
Which got everybody and then we're all whipped up. That's the kind of thing that we're really excited about
Is it Invesco Field or is it Milhye Stadium? Anyway like 80,000 people are gonna be there tonight
He's gonna whip that crowd up into a frenzy
I just can't wait to see those debates him on the one side animated glib great speaker
Actually has some idea what he's talking about and what plan of these on and McCain who like
Daughtering old who like that's right he reminds me a little bit of Admiral Stockwell remember him
Where I'm right who am I? That might be in there might be in there what no, it's not a cart. Oh
Which maybe you got it I don't know
Well crawl around on the floor and look for it. I'll look at it. What else going on?
You got food coming in today. Yes, we do from the field from the field some Irish food. I hope all right
I was just about to be from cabbage maybe hard all of me some like Christmas fat Chris out of there
I keep the door open after I had my lunch today if I were you and I fat Chris course he'll be he'll be
Showing down on that stuff too and once he starts fart. That's right. We even begin to imagine he'll be holding his own. Oh
Good God
One thing about us fat people when we fart people scatter
That's not the only thing
What oh you said scatter
You talking about me crap in my pants again. Is that it not you? Oh, how about fat Chris? He's gonna be doing it
Nope. No, yeah, you'll see when you when you get little if you live that long. Mm-hmm
That's a good pull questions right fat Chris live long enough to poop his pants be telling continent right
He is a continent
27 past 10 and 5 60 WQ a.m.
Let's talk sports sports and sports and sports and more sports
With a carousel of different hosts from to the four at least until we can figure out whatever the hell it is
We're gonna do to keep the number less than zero
Wait, I got it more sports how much sports do you need to hear enough to make you want to blow your brains out
So let's talk sports
Because zeroes are the only things that matter oh
1032 or 560 WQ a.m. It's a great Thursday, man
It's today that we one veil our wall of football
Are you ready for some smash mouth football you bet?
All right
Some smash mouth. Yes, I will say this Tom Brady hasn't played any of the preseason games for the Patriots
Which they've lost all three games and Chris is making a big simmiss about that. He didn't play again that the
It's it's sore his foot
And you know what you do when it's sore
No, what you kiss it. Oh geez and this foot too
I can see a fat Chris kiss and Tom Brady's feet never. Oh sure
I'm washed never kissing each and every toe that would be you playing tozi old man
What huh
612 votes on your reward winning pull. It's a damn good one too if you ask me 613 only the result is
It's all over the place and of course we can't we can't pass judgment on the calls today because right now there aren't any
How do you like that?
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and the Verizon singular wireless line. There's not a call on the board
What kind of a kettle of fish do you call that?
All right talk about a guy that's got too much money David best
Whoever he is decided the thorough party for his dog named Elvis
In New York he decided to make it a bark mitzvah and had guests like Dr. Rootser up at sammy's Romanian restaurant man had and pay
$10,000 for a bark mitzvah for his dog
What does that tell you too much money that 10 grand what an a fed chicken at for at least couple weeks
You sent him some money now yet because I don't want to have to send that checkout. I can't afford it
I got to pay taxes. I got all kinds of stuff going on you know
WQ 2 a.m. Hello. You're my friend
You're my buddy fake
No, you're my friend fake no, I'm real no your is real yeah, I'm real about my daughter. You're your doctor
Yeah, hi
Fake no, I'm real. I'm real. That's him
It is me I take pro jack yeah fake
It's no, I'm real
fake
Drone I know I know I drones working for his brother
Rizzy he's working on his brother. Yeah, I got a cold. That's why I sound like this. Yeah, likely story
Yeah, but you're my best friend
You want to come to my birthday party fake no, I'm real my birthday was Saturday fake no, I'm real
That would a Q a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. The witch doctor if he's anything
I love trees. I love you in Georgia
More I hope you I wish you guys the best and everything. No, no, you don't no, you don't because if you wish
That's the best you wouldn't make these stupid calls every day. I'm sorry. I won't do it no more. No, I love trees
Well, what is that? I don't know I like I like trees now they give us off
I'm gonna go find a good one and climb up and sit in it the rest of your life. Okay, give it to me a tree house
I love trees
The I love trees guy the quarter schlock guy and the audience is oh, yeah, they're either they're okay the calls are their funniest hell
How can they be funny as hell when you got the same six people saying the same crap day after day after date
You find anything I'm using about that. No, that was that was not the pro-Zach Ron by the way
No, that was um was not
That was it was it was what
Trying to remember which ones we have that was a pro-Zach Ron
Let me say it again. No, it was not
Don't you think I know the voice by now after all this all these months of aggravation I talked to him 50 times a day, so
Off the urinal doubt correct thankfully after the show never so you're in on this too, huh?
Never this is how crit fat Chris makes a little extra money on the side he he coordinates
He's the a pivot man for the conference room
Never down there together Joe Bell is a hold it there are gonna holding hands, you know
They're all singing kumbaya
616 on the pool. What's your take on the covers on this show? They're the all-time worst 157 they're okay 146
They're funny. You sell 129 Joe Bell is the antichrist 114 there's no doubt about that and no more calls only 70
out of 616 vote
Wtqa am hello you're my free qa am hello. I think they could they could use gildi in replacement of when you go out of town
Because I need to get more gildi. It's not enough gildi on that station. Yeah
Yeah call call another two three hundred times today and say the same thing that was the first call or again
Really gildi probably from across the street
Although it's interesting that when he left here the first time that they picked him up across the street
Because anybody who ever worked on either station is certainly bad enough that they're gonna, you know, wind up on both stations
Yeah jerks over there then we brought him he'll probably wind up back over there again. I'm I'm surprised that
He hasn't surfaced under yet and what was gildi talking about kneels playing Howard David music songs
Well, he's talking about what was he squeaking about at the internet show. I'm pretty sure he met viz
Howard David songs. Yes coming up next
So you're gonna play wonder what
Yeah, here you go. Here's one. Do it. Do it. Do it
Wtqa am hello the call suck
Qa am hello
Any on how are you okay thank you after Tuesday and Thursday
Love George to have any how um, I think the Biden
Pick was a good thing
It's bomb gets in there and does a good job for four years makes it for the second term
I think possibly Biden looks pretty presidential himself
Maybe you know, I'm a 65 years old. I'm sorry
Joe Biden is 65 years old and eight years. He'll be 73 even older than McCain is now
But he hasn't had cancer and he wasn't you know so called tortured or maybe you know he'll hang around and um
I'm just saying the team looks good um and I'll tell you another thing the convention
Yeah, it was you know, most of those things are damn boring and I really never spent time watching him
But um, I thought Hillary did a damn good job on can I thought probably did a job and
Biden was a little boring when he started out, but he seemed to pull it together and the shallow bomb did good and um
You know, hopefully the rest of the country will wake up and uh
Figured out, but anyway, I'm out of it. So, okay. Yeah, hopefully the rest of the country will wake up and figure it out right
Wake up and sniff the daffodils, okay
My god if they never catch find a way to blow this one. It's it's gotta be it's just almost impossible
Almost impossible after eight years of this lunacy of this
Destruction of the middle class as your friend Lou Dobbs will be screaming and foaming at the mouth of him
Every notice when he starts foaming at the mouth. Yeah, that's my favorite
That's right. So that's foaming during the breakstay like come out and smear your life foamy on his lips. Mm-hmm
Oh, there's swallowing
I'll show that I'd even stick if it continues to be the narrative and that's what we need is a lot more pontificators. Maybe a lot more analists
I'm telling you man between CNN and of course I won't turn on Fox because my TV is program not to put them on good
I'm sure they're doing the same thing god forbid we should see the speeches by important people or by even semi-important people
Because it's so much more important that we hear what John King has to say and what Wolflet's Creek has to drone on about
Oh, he is so pedantic man. He is so pathetic
pathetic
Oh, here we go. They're on CNN right now rolling Martin. He's another for perpetual
No, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah these guys all got to be getting paid by the word and especially that that knucklehead Chris Matthews
Who's the next friend on politics?
Yes, Matthews who just won't show up and all last night that his hair was like blowing all over the place
Which I guess was supposed to be oh
What is a public buy-in to all for a second there? I thought we had like breaking news
I they showed them and came with Mitt Romney
That would be a good one. Maybe he can sell magic underwear to everybody in America. Ooh
1041 and 560 WDQM. It's a good news for you. We got great restaurant deal this week on deals hand-priced deals
Oh, by the way when you go to wqm.com
It's gonna take an extra step today because they got the whole big banner up there about the football schedule for our wall of football
Today, so you'll have to go through an extra step, but it's it's well worth it
Back by popular demand today the field Irish pub and eatery and day new beach
Just go to wqm.com click on deals hand-priced deals once you get past that initial
Football crap the store opens at noon today and you'll be able to buy 50 dollars certificates for 25 bucks to the field
A mile west of i95 in Griffin Road serving lunch and dinner from 11 o'clock in the morning every day would live entertainment five days a week
The field is known for great drinks has an awesome variety of draft and bottled beers along with authentic Irish dishes including Irish stew
Bangers and mash shepherds pie and corn beef and cabbage as well
And traditional favorites such as roast primary of tenderloin to beef and fresh mahi mahi too enjoy a little piece of Ireland
Right and Broward at the field and thanks to me you'll be able to buy 50 dollars certificates for just 25 bucks
Starting at noon today on wqm.com. I'll be sure and act fast because once they're gone, they're just gone
I'll get sure I'll get 40K're 42k
I
I'll have you know I know what I'm talking about
Every morning at the condo I take the elevator down and on my way to the car when I pull my folding bus can out
I give a three condo
B- for the water
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
The toys are back and down
I said the toys are back and down
Why do you leave?
I'm a car on the walls and the walls are full
I know I may take a phone on a table or use it
But I have an order not to buy a joke rule
I'm hit to the drive
That is all I'm doing
You guys are going down tonight
It's the better show when I take your place
I know I ain't no way for you to hear me
But when they drop my voice will change
A little smoothie for the boys
A little smoothie for the boys
A little smoothie for the boys
A little smoothie for the boys
A little smoothie for the boys
A little smoothie for the boys
1047 a QAM chicken egg wants to apologize to the carpenters
By the way for stealing that whole multiple track
ID from them
This rain now, a noggin head
The right now is poison pointed toward
This poised and pointed right toward Nal Lian
That's a goose dog
See the Lord didn't finish the job with Katrina
And now he's got goose dog pointed right toward Nal Lian
Did you see that?
Because of their sin
And that tropical storm number 8 or number 6
Or whatever the hell is number 6 million
Is a sit down there in the Atlantic
And Rob Marciano is doing a Brian Norcross
He's tried to draw it toward
Going back toward Miami
Tropical storm number 8
Which of course by the time we get to South Florida
We'll be like a category 5 million hurricane
And blow everybody to bits
If you believe these are grave robbers
Don't believe anything that media tells you
They're all crazy
I think that's probably the most significant
Dropping that we have in the whole DCS
And that is
The media is sick and they drop badly
From good old Tammy Faye Messner
Didn't she crow?
Yeah, we'll see her tomorrow
Oh, what's Larry gonna do two nights a week
He had her on at least twice a week
You know Larry?
I don't
Ervy misfit
Ervy reject from the Emirates
Ross Piro and Tammy Faye Messner
A Baker, whatever name is this week
Larry loves him
635 votes on the poll
Well, we're kicking ass man
We can do 800 today
We can do 900
We can do a million
And you know what?
No matter what we do
It's still like going to make a bit of difference
Remember when we had the clout?
Oh yeah
That's a good poll question
Which is worse?
The gout or the clout?
The clout
I think I'm gonna
I'm gonna wind up with the gout
About of the gout?
Yeah
I had more ice cream yesterday
Oh geez
Gonna make me shout
No it's gonna make me do more than that
Really?
Pout?
It'll come out
W-D-Q-A-M
Look out
Yeah
Hey guys
Um, listen
I was wondering if you were
Uh, had any interest in watching that Oliver Stone
Uh, picture about George Bush
I don't know if you guys saw any previews about it
No
Now?
You follow
I mean I'm not saying I'm not having no interest
But I haven't seen any previews
But if Oliver Stone's behind it
It's probably gonna suck
Yeah
Well, hey
They got uh, Brolin playing him
He doesn't look anything like him
I don't know if he's got his mannerism found
So you had this Brolin
Is playing George W. Bush?
Yeah
I think uh, that's uh, right
That's what's happening
I think they ought to have his wife playing
She looks someone like W. then
He does
Yeah, yeah, no kidding, man
Uh, we'll, we'll keep our eyes peeled for it
Yeah, be on the lookout
I hope they uh, they're really bad for a minute
But um, you know, he's part of telly
He can get by the critics these days
So have a good show
Talk to you later
Thanks
Yeah, I don't understand why all these speeches
That we're hearing from the Democrats
They're not ripping Bush and asked
Even that much more
Why are they letting him off the hook for all time
They're not really talking that much about him by name
By name
Yeah
And they just make a passing reference to a war based on lies
Or a war that wasn't necessary
Bapapapah
I mean, we've got 4,000 plus dead Americans
Because uh, the Neocons
And the Bush and Cheney
Uh, invented this war
It's all documented
It's right there in black, white, red, and blue
And they're like uh, but a beep
But a boop
But about there to be screaming
Bloody murder about what he's done
Not to mention him in the Saudis
His buddy vandar Bush
But they, you know
They're all they all got to be careful
Because they're all
On the peak
You know what I mean by that?
Yep
They're all part of the same crooked establishment
Everybody QAM, hello
Joe Niel
The church here
Maybe it's your friendly phone fanatic man
And that's because that's what I'll be
Calling myself when I call man
Anyway, the feel-restarts are really good
I'm, you know, I'm enjoying going there myself
Let's cross flingos
That was a good speech last night
I enjoyed it
And um, I thought that um, he really didn't help
Well, I think he's gonna get a lot of
Oh, promise gonna receive a lot of votes
From um, what Kling did last night
I enjoyed it
Well, let's hope
Let's cross our legs and fingers and eyes and hope
Yeah
All right
And closing out there, listen to Joe
I did call in and say that um, Joe
It didn't do pretty good
But then closing out there
I'm enjoying one of Joe's shows
When you off this week, so I will
Retract and one on row
I'm sorry
You say again?
He said he said one row
Oh, yeah, Joe, that man, me, yeah, Joe, it's all right
Hey, I'm I'm retracting
I'm I'm telling you right now you did good bro
So I will say that
And don't worry about it
I didn't really know but now worry about it
He don't care anyone
I know he don't care but anyway
We'll see you again good luck
Okay
Yeah, see you next time
Yeah, see you see around the old barn
636 votes on the poll about these calls
How did they they've been great so far
Actually
Right relatively speaking, yeah
And we'll see tomorrow what kind of a bogus
BS Johnny Joe Bell feeds to Norma can't
Norma's illan, he's under the weather
Mostly from a phone off that hammock
At that store that's called
The
And
Beyond
Beyond the blue sea
Uh-huh
Whatever it's called
I don't want to get involved in that thing, you know
Poor Norma she's got so many issues
So many
But what's going to happen when she croaks one of these days
I think I'm going to outlive her
I think so
Always getting these really bad illan health reports from Norma
And I think maybe the Lord is punishing her too
For smoking all that bad weed
When you when you figure out how much good weed there is around
Why would you want to smoke bad weed
Good point
And pick up bad runaways
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the horizon and singular wireless line
Nobody QAAM hello
Now
Yes
Why did the CPC fire Chris Kudler
Chris who
Chris
Can't even get the name right can you schmuck
I'm not from the man
What
I'm not from
I'm not from Canada
So
Does that mean you can't pronounce somebody's name
Fuck you
Ah
Excellent
637 votes on a poll
Yeah, that's the a hockey announcer guy who just calls to be irritating
And then of course the his two colors come out at the end of the call
When he blurtes out an expletive
Good thing we got all 700 dump buttons working you know it
Yep
And you'll be pleased to know that the DCS at the moment
The bearings are grinding very quietly
Good
I feel like we have our bearings back
Our ball bearings
Yeah
And just the proof of you that works
House
We're right, Emil
I can't stop thinking about disgusting things
House and flim
Not kind of like nippin suds
Little bit
WDQ way in hello
Kewaian yes
I called you a wild pack
It's one to talk about
WDQ way in hello
Emil how you doing today
Okay
Kelly Craig is a hottie
Yeah sure
Get some magnum vision glasses
Get them on palamart telescope okay
We love Kelly she's a sweetheart but she weighs what
Two three thousand pounds. Yeah, it's sad
It's a very sad situation every time I come back down to south florida turn on the tv like it's usually on the weekend and there she is on channel six
They've got a whole studio for her now
And just not not a chair but like a gigantic mark a lounger
WDQ way in hello
I got a hundred bucks for your favorite charity that Charlie chris never marries a woman
No kidding. What do you think of that?
No kidding that's uh that's a pepper
Q cabellus house
Anyone wayward home for the lost bridge tenders
What do you think?
What do I think of what?
A hundred bucks that bitch you never get married
I think it's all a point because he wants to get the bp
What do you think?
Be Charlie?
Revenge present?
Okay
Don't you love when they feed back the stuff that I've been saying?
No, I'm the biggest man
I'm the biggest man
I'm the biggest man
I'm the biggest man
We're gonna get it in the store to buy
Let me start the way you're serving me
Thanks for its leader
Let me say it again that didn't sound like a legal idea to me
WDQ way in my Emmy for Launderdale
This is the new world
What's going on there fat Chris?
My bad because you're bringing it
Hey dear
Uh huh
Any questions
Here's another Mollower David in song for a guilty
Or a guilty song for guilty
Guilty
Guilty
That's talking on a sports show
Trying to be my show
Your voice sounds just like a seventh year old girl
A little sports host show
What else are you there for?
Guilty
Guilty
Talking like a baby
Who needs a little training
White and she'll understand
You don't sound like a man
Remove the rubber bands
That choke
Your scrub comes guilty
Guilty
Guilty
Guilty
Your lucky management don't care
Cause guilty
You don't belong there on the air
And guilty
The sports can wait till your voice cracks
Cause anyone who sounds like that should find another job
Yes
And they should only take you back when both your babies drop
Guilty
Guilty
When you're gone and grow up
You make us want to throw up
You fill these squeaky blue
Go to broadcasting school
Your free, new, best, and voice
Make you sound like a seventh year old girl
Absolutely
Your eighth year old girl
Your eighth year old girl
Yeah that was really something
When we had the end of the guilty for your show this morning
It's 10 o'clock
Well, a near-rounder is coming next to play Howard David's songs for four hours
A lot of that going around these days
A lot of us squeal in
Lining
Nuh
Nothing of anybody in particular
You're like that
648 votes on Fat Chris's world flaming pool
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line
Breaking news
The fundamentals of this election
It's favor the Democrat
So they are trying to limit and no bomb about
They're trying to remind the American people today
Sure you're going to tune in tonight
And you're going to watch an amazing historical moment
But tune in tomorrow
Because the other side of the story starts Friday morning
Oh get out of here
Breaking news my ass, John King
All these, there's the best expert of them all
Get a little more now in Senator
So they did
If I had two bricks
In fact I know why
I find them because I know several people who are mini brick short
If I had two bricks I would love just a squash or head between them
Really they're like like...
Like, like, like, center blocks
Like, squeezing a zip
Yeah, just like that
Good, god, she is more than annoying
So late then
And all you people that are like sucking up to Rachel Maddow
I even got a MySpace to email about it
Well, I'm really surprised, did you take out her?
She's Randy without the accent
Another self-proclaimed expert
A mavenous on everything
And they got around here like just non-stop
Between her and Pat you can
And it's like they're coming out of the TV screen
Like they're burnt into the...
You know how you have that burn in
And if you have an image on too long
Yes, isn't that what they call it
That's what they call it
Burn in
Well, I'm sure burns my ass
That every time I turn it
Although I'd rather see her than Chris Matthews
WQYM, hello
You know, God
Yes, sir
Totally sure
Hey, talking about weed that
That guy that called earlier about
When he was talking about children
And he loves trees
That's what he was talking about
Uh, Mary James is another name for trees
Mm-hmm
Or trees is another name for Mary James
Yeah, big deal
Anyway, uh...
Childish
Really a childish
Well, that's a slang in the streets, you know
Let me see it again
Childish
Anyway, um, I was listening to Bill last night
And I thought it was brilliant when he said that
He was president for eight years
And he traveled all over the world
And so he knows for sure
That Barack Obama is the right guy for the job
Did you hear that?
He did the...
Of course I heard that, I heard the whole thing
He did a worldwide search to find the right guy
Yes, sir
And of course that's the same bubble that has said that
You know, everything that Obama was saying was the biggest bunch of fairy tales that he ever heard in his life
Remember that a couple of months ago?
Biggest bunch of fairy tales
And you know the Republicans are going to drag out all those old clips
And use that against Obama, am I right?
Yes
Yes
Absolutely
No question about it
That is the biggest bunch of whoy
The biggest bunch of fairy tales
But he, uh, he redeemed himself last night
There was nothing like beaten and pulverizing the crap out of somebody
Picking him up off the ground
And wiping him off and giving him a towel
And you know, give him a little glass of water
This is a bunch of whoy
Right
That's bubble for you
But he was good last night
He's a great speaker, he gets the crowd
He knows how to work the crowd
Get him all whipped up into a frenzy
And he did fine
Biden I thought was, I don't know
And you noticed
And while you didn't watch the thing with Obama coming out
With a surprise visit
Very good
He was too busy eating pie
No, I'm all pie
But the fact of the matter is that everybody including a Biden son
What's his name?
I don't know
Pope Cheek
No
But the one son that made the speech
He made a really good speech too I thought
And then he, uh, you know, kissed dad on the cheek
Which isn't, you know, that's fine
I mean, yeah, it's all fine
And then when Obama came out there
And they were hugging
And there was a one point
They repeated it this morning
Just to make sure in case anybody missed it the first time
When Obama kissed Biden on the cheek
Everybody is kissing Biden on the cheek
Cheeks
What do you think about that?
Well, he's a, he's a kissable kind of a guy, you know
Is he
Now, guess
And of course, old mama with the 8 million wrinkles
She came out there and she was waddling around on the stage
Mom
And it was, it was good
It was schmaltzy
That part
Because Biden was like blowing the speech anyway
And he was like
You know, and so it was really good
That it kind of reverted back to the whole thing about mom and family
And about the
The tragedy with losing his wife and his daughter
And the whole thing, the car accident now
And then it got to be schmaltzy
Which is what the American people can relate to
Because obviously they can't relate to the issues
And what's going on in the world
Otherwise Obama would be ahead by 85 points
I mean, you got your president Bush
Who's got like a 28% approval rating
You got your vice president Cheney
Who's got a minus
He's got a number like we got at night
Oh, point
Oh, point
He always points
Uncris and repellent
Unacceptable
And these neocons
These neo-Nazis
Including Jew Lieberman by the way
Oh, I sure hope that McCain picks him
Oh, yeah
In fact, guess who told McCain
That he'd have to be crazy to pick Jew Lieberman
Guess who told him that
He's got Carl Rowe, Carl Rowe also told him
Bush
No, Jew Lieberman
Oh
How about that
Oh, I'll find the story here
The McCain camp is currently running an ad campaign through Google which suggests that Senator
Jew Lieberman is a strong contender for the vice presidential slot
The Connecticut Center told the Hartford
Karant Monday that he hasn't ruled out joining his Republican colleague on the ticket
The rest of us, particularly those of us who are privileged to be his friends
Autotake a temporary viral silence leave him and says so there's not much I could say about this
This isn't the right story, I don't think
Oh, well
Novak claims Lieberman warned McCain picking him could yeah, it's the right story
And Lie, Novak claims Lieberman warned McCain that picking him could be a disaster
Influential McCain backer's plus McCain himself would be would pick the
Portrait's liberal from Connecticut if they thought they could get away with it
However, Novak continues they can't get away with it
And this has been made clear to McCain by none of the then Jew Lieberman himself
Novak claims a Republican friend prevailed on Lieberman to tell McCain
that a McCain Lieberman ticket would be a disaster for all concern and especially for the GOP because aside from the war
Lieberman votes the straight liberal line including pro-choice on abortion and gay rights and all these things
Lieberman's Republican friend told him that Republicans would leave Minnesota in a state of disarray with a McCain Lieberman ticket
Alienating social conservatives who now make up the core of Republican voters
How do you like that? So Lieberman himself said don't do it bad mistake
But I'll take it if you want on I'll take it and then we can make Israel a 51st state
Real far bison WDQ way in hello
Hi, I was wondering are you guys um do you guys have any tickets for tonight's game that you're giving away?
That we're giving away when did I say we're giving away tickets?
Well, I don't know as wondering if you are
No, we are not
No
No
Okay, thank you
You're welcome, Miriam and I'm not welcome
What do I always say about the free tickets remember the free ticket?
Yeah, oh yeah, we do we go I could go for a month and not have one real female collar on there except that sweat hog and then all of a sudden like this
And you get in the way tickets to the game and then some of those tickets that you give away we don't have any we're not giving them away
Okay
Freeloting fools
I don't think she's even listening no she just calls the radio station. I know the hell he was given some
Morning, so she probably heard oh QA was give it to the way to the game tonight and of course which game is that
She should call the ticket for which game. Yeah, call the tickets tickets at the ticket. Okay. They're probably giving away 80 million tickets
Even though we got both games
We got the keens the keens and Georgia Charleston Southern a
Little blind girl school
Within a room of about 60 students maybe it's not even maybe it's not 30 man half of that
And the doffins of course are playing a meaningless the saints the saints probably suck anyway. Don't think they usually do
Oh, actually, I think they're not too bad this year. They're not too bad. Yeah, they've been they have one not so good year last year before that they've been pretty good
The saints yeah, I remember the boy drew breeze
Rear breeze we the breeze we're the three trees right easy sucks
Overrated drew breeze
He's like another Joey Pendington now he's better than Joey
Is he oh yeah, he actually had a good year two years ago
Was that a shot of the doffins on your dolphin station does a shot of Joey uh Harrington
Chad Pendington I hope you find Chad Harrington
Joey Pendington and Chad Harrington
You got that straight
Chad Pendington Joey Harrington
Joey Pendington
Pat Harrington right Pat Harrington, Jr
I wonder if he's getting to Joe Mars Jr
That whole junior thing I don't know
It just leaves me I mean if you if you want to be parents you've got to at least be creative enough to come up with a name for your kid
The money junior. Yeah, see June
Remember during the movie kept calling them June
Yeah, I remember I remember June and leave it to be verve but not in fatso
You don't remember that of course I did
Don del oeze hey dumb you're fair. There's another one for you big fat fairy. I can relate
You
Yeah, and what happened to these sports leader this sports leader
Come on fat Chris. Hey, this is their new rejoins. I didn't do anything with it
This time. Thanks
Me
Alone
buddy
Do my think up really then put on aahhh!
And I thought I got rid of my daddy and heeee!
PRAP! PRAP! PRAP!
Wooo!
Look! The hot deadline is ringing!
Overtown morning facility halos!
This is all I have!
Yeah! Now, I go over here!
And you, everyone, go to the best of your own business!
Baaaahhh!
You're gonna have everybody.
Thank you, a panic!
So I am bin mo!
Yeah, I haven't had much luck with the ladies lately.
Why?
Well, what I do is I pull down my pants and take a picture of my thing, you know.
How do you expect to get a date like that?
Well, I see other guys do it!
But maybe they're just as stupid as you are!
Oh, a wise guy, ha!
Why, I order food here, nose open, show it back to you with my fist and another date!
I don't believe I have another job, see?
You can hit me on the side!
I never wanted to get that hens vehicle back!
And that joke, that joke!
A ho!
A ho!
A joke bell here!
Yeah!
Oh yeah, I took from Mike from Gildy to tell you how highly we think of you here, and I hope there's no hard feelings.
Yeah!
No hard feelings at all, pal!
Good, good!
And just to show you the eight-no-hot feelings, Joe, I looked at President of the Front Desk, did you get it?
Oh yeah, I got the jacket up, thank you very much!
It's a kerosene jacket!
It comes in handy for a hurry, Kaden!
How does it work?
Well, if I skip with the jacket on, Kaden!
Oh, how's it fit?
It's nice and smooth!
What do I do now?
Now, you light it on fire!
I light it on fire?
Damn, like this!
What else could he say?
1119 at 560 WDQM, happy Thursday to you!
August is almost over, the summer schedule is almost over, damn!
And once the effort got to mention today,
Barricade, you blow!
Right!
And that Gustav is right on the way to it, Nalians, man!
Rob Marciano and CNN, he's got a...
He's drawn it right in there to Nalians!
Now, where's that game tonight, the Adolphin game?
It's at a...Norlax.
Well, it's an amg good thing they're playing it tonight before Gustav gets there.
Wouldn't it be something if like in the middle of the third quarter of the year,
when they get the big blow, they're in Norellines?
Because one thing about both those teams, they really...
B-N-O!
Not as much as Joyce, though!
That's the rumor I'm hearing around the building.
She blows, she blows.
Let's play that a few times.
Do it!
567-0560, pound 560, and the Verizon singular wireless line.
665 votes on our poll about these calls.
We seem to have something different happening here today.
Yeah?
Certainly different than Tuesday, isn't it?
Oh, major difference.
Thank God, thank the Lord for that.
Our hour already would be back in bed.
Maybe because of the one guy's at the doctor.
Maybe they're putting the electrodes on him right now as we speak.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
You too, fanquist.
I'm your friend.
Who's the QA and Hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
This got back from Washington, D.C.,
Arlington National Seminary for a funeral,
and they're running out of space up there to three months,
to schedule a funeral for the other guy.
An operation and during freedom is all over that cemetery,
so these people don't realize they're booked to cause.
It's disgusting whether the government is doing.
It's disgusting.
Get this scum out of the office.
Get them out.
Get them out.
Hey, man.
When did that toss them out?
That's right.
Put them in there.
That's where they need to be.
Okay.
Sounds a little bit porky to me.
A little bitter yet.
And then rightfully so.
That's right.
America ought to be bitter as hell about these last eight years.
And of course, who the hell are the people?
I mean, you know, at a grand day,
still both elections.
But enough people voted for them to make it close enough
where they can deal with.
Now, you would have thought after that disastrous first term,
right, and the Iraq attack,
you would have thought that in 2004,
Kerry would have won by about a billion votes.
Or, or, or, or, or,
oh, and speaking of Ohio,
and speaking of that crook,
the attorney, former attorney general of Ohio,
Jerry Brown gets tough on medical pot clubs.
I don't understand that story.
You understand that?
I thought he was a big potman.
You understand that?
I have no idea.
Jerry Brown?
Don't know him.
The former governor, California?
Never met him.
Hippy?
Get out of here.
What are you talking about?
You don't know downtown Jerry Brown.
I don't.
The Ohio Republican Party funder $495,000
into an account used to support the candidacy
of former Ohio, a Secretary of State Ken Blackwell
that should have only been used to support candidates
for national orifice,
according to a letter from Ohio's current Secretary of State
and a Republican spokesman.
The letter says Ohio is Republican Party collected nearly
half a million dollars from a federal GOP account
in October 2006.
They also took in $20,000 from a state GOP account
at the same month,
and another 25 grand in November 2007.
The letter doesn't indicate which candidates
received the party's largest,
but, according to a state GOP spokesman,
money supported just one candidate,
former Republican Secretary of State,
named notorious crook,
who helped fix the election in 2004 in Ohio.
Former Republican Secretary of State Ken Blackwell,
who ran for governor in 2006 and lost,
they couldn't fix enough votes to get him to win.
A serious, serious crook.
But then again, politician crook
don't they pretty much go gland in hand?
Yep.
W.Q.Y.M. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you, brother?
Okay, sir.
Hey, man, listen, you know what?
I'm, you know, unfortunately, a card carrying member
of the Republican Party, you know,
I haven't since I was 18, but in any event,
the problem is that what's embarrassing
is that Mr. McCain,
they use all their efforts and all their money
to basically use words that other people have said
against Obama,
and really don't even establish a platform out there
for anyone to get a true view in regards to
what, if anything, this guy can bring you the table.
Well, the only thing he can bring is the same thing
that his predecessors have brought,
and that was smear and smear.
That's the Republican Party's,
and that's the whole deal.
Smear right here.
It's very sad because, you know,
especially now when they have a younger audience
that they could actually take advantage of
in regards to trying to sell themselves,
they do a terrible job at it.
So in regard to when you have a younger audience,
you bring out a daughtering old 72-year-old fool
who doesn't even know what planet he's on,
and that's not going to really appeal to the younger audience.
It's a big mistake,
and you know, I think what the Democrats and what Obama's doing
is absolutely correct,
and you know what, more power to them.
Okay, vote early enough for Obama.
And you know, last night,
one of the 8,000 talking heads
made a very good point,
and that is,
and I forgot what it was,
but it was a very good point.
Okay, make one up when you got all those pundits on there,
all those analysts.
It was about McCain,
daughtering old fool.
Oh, no, the reason that it was the older man,
it's usual.
The reason that he won was because everybody else lost.
It was by default.
I mean, Giuliani,
it was, like Biden said,
a noun of urban 9-11.
I mean, he didn't go anywhere
after the second Delhi sandwich in Hollywood,
he was out.
I mean, Westley Clark,
at least, got through, you know,
several meals.
But Giuliani,
he tried the old,
let's go eat some Delhi in Hollywood
and appeal to the old Jews routine.
He didn't even realize
the old Jews all moved to Boka.
Am I right?
You bet.
Well, except for the ones
they're in Emerald Hills, I guess.
Right.
Let's far from you.
No, it isn't.
It's fairly far from you.
I mean, it's two blocks.
Two blocks?
Right on the other side of the highway.
It's not two blocks.
That's all right, maybe four.
Several blocks.
You have no idea where I live.
I know exactly where you live.
You live near that shell station in Hollywood.
Okay.
You know?
No?
The other four blocks from Emerald Hills,
right on the other side of the highway,
from Emerald Hills.
You live near all those old Jews in Emerald Hills?
Yeah, I know.
Well, there's some Canadian money in those places.
Mayn you better go in there panhandly.
Am I?
I just going there.
Going there with a tin cup.
Spare some change.
How's it going, eh?
I don't believe in begging.
Happy Shavuas.
I'm not a beggar.
I hate beggars.
Yeah.
Do you?
I do.
Uh-huh.
You're just using this as an excuse not to...
not to give out some of your largeests to your best friend.
Oh, yeah.
I can do some cash too, as a matter of fact.
I could you know?
Yeah, because if I had like a big stash of cash,
I could start going back to Whipvine.
Well, start begging.
Losing my ass.
I'm going to get a cup.
I got another couple of four-day weekends.
Right.
The weekend and next weekend is the last one for this summer.
Now you realize you got to wait another nine months
before this wonderful schedule starts again?
Before this horrible idea.
Yeah.
Before this magnificent, fantastic thing.
You'll be very pleased to know that even the next five years
of my salary cut by 90% and with your big 3% pay increase,
we still have the same summer deal, Slimil.
Yeah.
What a scam.
Yeah.
Well, thank God for that.
Get named the best talent.
The real largest sportsman of 5.60 km.
The fourth leader.
A bitch.
I saw Jesus.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
I saw Him.
Oh, my pop-up ghost.
They're in to see the heat of my cow.
Oh, my friends.
Think of us.
Now let the redneck bar.
Oh, my soul takes us.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
I saw Him in my shaving cream.
So I left Him on my face.
When I went to work, I looked like a jerk and I was fired into strings.
Driving home, I was all alone.
Thinking someone's playing tricks on me.
But in the rearview mirror, I could see Jesus staring back at me.
Yes, I saw Jesus.
Oh, right.
The stink of hollow God.
You're fairing.
I saw Him on my pop-up ghost.
They're in to see the heat of my cow.
Oh, my friends.
Think of us.
Now the redneck bar.
Oh, I saw Jesus.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
The stink of hollow God.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
No.
I saw Him on the side of the top,
the window, that on my car.
Oh, I saw Him in a bowl of stink-giddy in the side of the spuckers car.
Yes, I saw Jesus.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
I saw Jesus.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
I saw Him on my pop-up ghost.
They're in to see the heat of my cow.
Oh, my friends.
Think of us.
Now the redneck bar.
Because I saw Jesus.
Oh, I want to see.
Oh, the stink of hollow God.
Oh, Lord, there he is again.
Jesus Christ, are you back again?
Oh, 1133.
That's what they were saying to Yaldi.
Oh, he ain't one of the Jesus Christers.
Aren't you surprised they brought Him back with the Jew thing and all?
No.
Clarence is.
Clarence is one.
Jewish?
So what does that have to do with anything?
He's already grandfathered in.
Just like me.
Grandpa.
Here's the poll, 676 vote.
What's your take on the callers on you'll show the all time worst 177, 176.
They're okay, 163.
They're funny as hell, 141.
Oh, yeah.
Joe Bell is the antichrist, 122.
And no more call, 74.
They don't want me going back to those bedtime stories.
Under any circumstances, they don't want that.
And you know what, need to do why?
It's a lot of work.
Too much like work.
Although right now, there's no calls on the board.
So take a roll.
Okay, let's run right down through them.
Here's line one.
567, 0560, 0560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
You wouldn't think of this as student audience after last night's tremendous.
And I watched every minute of it last night.
I watched the rule call.
I watched Mayor Daley of Chicago toss it over to New York.
He tossed it.
And Hillary, they had like 8 million security.
Did you see that?
Slept in her through the crowd.
Nope.
And there was Chuck Schumer with still that same Schmidt eating grin on his face.
Like, God.
Somebody ought to wipe that grin off his face already.
I mean, I like him just fine, but good God.
He's always got that same goofy grin on his face.
You know Chuck Schumer?
Nope.
The hell you don't know?
Oh, you start with this anti-Somantic crap again or what?
No.
Anyway, so you didn't see Swirley or make the call for acclamation for Obama and Baba-Bahn all that?
No.
Why not?
I was eating pie.
Oh, yeah, I eat and pie my ass.
No.
Yeah.
No.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Today we're not getting the chronic, so we're getting fake chronic today.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I want you guys George, who he's been looking for this year.
You get American fish and yet?
No.
I know you now.
You two ladies, go down and take care of that.
He doesn't give a crap.
How do you like that?
Why don't you mind your own business?
I don't want to know what's going on with George.
I want to know why you can't mind your own business.
I want to know what's going on with George.
Let me say that again.
The whole world wants to know why you won't mind your own business.
I don't give a crap with George votes or not.
That's up to him.
And George has got better things to do with his spare time, like eat pie.
That's why I like eating peach pie.
Peach pie.
6803 vote on that poll.
But they continue being obsessed with you, man.
They want to give you a big son of dance, tell you how to live your life, what to do, where to go.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, when you don't have a life of your own, you know, you got to...
All of these things.
One of our public service.
I have a life.
Providing lies for the lifeless.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir.
Hey, Neil.
You got to watch the dolphins kick some button out of what?
It's an exhibition game, sir.
What differences are made?
They're going to go to Super Bowl this year, Neil.
Yes, Super Bowl.
You must be on bad drugs.
Ah, man, they're doing it in the Marlins, too.
Yeah, then the Marlins are going to the Super Bowl, too, right?
I mean, I hope they all got tickets.
The Marlins are going to the Super Bowl and the Adoffans, too.
Do the Marlins play last night?
Yes, and they won.
They won.
The Marlins won.
Oh!
And what about the Phillies?
Phillies are back in first place, right?
I think the Mets won last night, I think.
Wow.
And the Marlins still have no chance.
I mean, they got the mathematical chance, but they're...
What are they, like, five and a half out, something like that?
I can't tell you that's what they are.
No chance.
The Marlins.
But everybody's just waiting to jump on that bad wagon.
Just in case, that's one thing about self-awareness, man.
They never found a bad wagon.
They weren't willing to jump on.
Whether it was the Panther bad wagon years and years ago.
We love the Panthers.
We got those rats.
And then the Heat Bad Wraith, a couple years ago,
before they stunk the joint out.
And then, of course, last year, when you go one in 15,
it's going to be a big improvement for the Doffin's this season,
when they win two or three games, right?
Even George knows that.
That's right.
You ready for some Smash-Mouth football?
Yeah, ready to come on.
Well, we got two o'clock.
You and football are extravagant today.
Oh!
Let's hear it.
We got the Keynes game, the Doffin game.
We got a whole bunch of videos sitting around the pontificating.
And hopefully get a lot of spots in there, too.
W and Q and A.
And my friends.
Fake.
Not.
I'm your friend.
Fake.
No, I'm not.
It's me.
Q and A.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm.
Q and A.
Hello.
Yeah, why?
Yeah, why?
Yeah, why?
Q and A.
Hello.
Hey, George.
How you doing?
Not George.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What?
Hey.
I listen to you two, three, and Thursday.
And he only gives us crack calls on Tuesday and Thursday.
I think George, he has something to do with it.
Yeah, George is behind it.
Yeah, I'll set him up.
Yeah, I'll set him up.
And I'll set him up, man.
I'll set him up.
I'll set him up.
I'll set him up.
Guess what?
He don't care.
You care?
I mean potato soup right now.
Oh, but I care about it.
Oh, so the food is there already.
I almost forgot.
We got it coming up at noon in 20 minutes.
We got the field.
Are you eating fat, Chris?
I got some water.
Oh.
Potato soup.
I love potato soup.
Mmm.
And what else you got?
Shepherds pie.
Some kind of sausage thingy over there.
Some kind of sausage paste where you pick an obliter.
Sausage rolls?
That's there.
Oh.
Sausage is
It's probably not so bad taste, road-over-seen and likewise, it's like a paris.
Son so bad, just like that.
How you doing, Jean?
I heard less deaths.
I'll count to stock.
I was talking to a 50Qam.
eight ports later.
Chateurth-ditty-cockut.
What?
You guys ready?
All right?!
B-  uso-l 71yy seriously aren't you?
sitzen Burface obama.
middle name Hussein. If you're nominated you'll lose to McCain. You have a message.
It is filled with hope. Didn't I read in your book you used a smoke doll just
you wait until the big convention? All the sober delegates will be mine. Then all of your
supporters will be angry. Hear how they whine. Barack Obama know you cannot win. I'm the only one who can be
Republican. This campaign feels like it's never ending. People think that I'm out of my mind.
I'll tell the pundits when I'm nominated. Kiss my behind.
Welcome. Barack Obama middle name Hussein. I'm the only one who can be John McCain.
I am the walrus. You could choose me. I didn't know the walrus were
pansooths. Did you? No. Especially.
Orange pansooths. She did good though the other night. She was just fine. I wrote it. She said what she had to say.
I think that was my vote too. She said what she had to say got the job done. She got her done.
13 that probably men were recruited and held against their will for 13 months in a human trafficking scheme
and she was perpetrated by Haliburton and its Jordanian contractor according to the lawsuit filed yesterday in California
Federal Court. Haliburton sued for human trafficking as that loud in this story. Isn't that your good friend, the
Dick Cheney's former company Haliburton? Yes, my buddy. That crooked vice president we got.
Darth Vader. Slime ball. Crook. How come they're not talking about him? I don't hear them mentioning his name at all.
Because you know, right. He has.
Right. Man found hiding in ceiling over women's restroom.
Viral beach. A man found in the ceiling of the women's restroom at a local restaurant was charged with disorderly
contract by police over this past weekend. Patrons and staff at Mulligan's bar in restaurant, 1025 Beachline Boulevard
Viral Beach. So they saw David Michael Cantwell 27. Heading in the ceiling above the women's toilets with some of the ceiling
towels removed the arrest of the affidavit set. Staff at the bar determined Cantwell have gone into a storage room and climbed to the ceiling to reach the women's restroom.
Well, maybe he had to go. When you got to go. In 2004, Arthur Anderson was elected Palm Beach County Elections Supervisor,
writing in anyone but Theresa LaFour groundswell. Four years later, the thing was similar only to target changed.
Facing in anybody but Arthur Anderson in direction, the incumbent didn't even manage to make the runoff in a three person field,
which leaves us with the other nightmare scenario for Palm Beach County. The county's the country's favorite dysfunctional election family.
We're on the verge of a squeaky tight presidential election, which the state of Florida's critical of the outcome again.
And we're going to do it with a lame duck collection supervisor, a lame duck who has a record of stumbling and even smaller,
less dramatic elections. Moreover, this time he'll be supervising the election of his successor.
Two years ago, ballots from Pawoki were counted for another town. Last year, wrong election results were posted on the election supervisor's website.
The other got to be in the Pohokie and Pawoki, man. They got that really good cherry pie.
It's been frozen for like 50 years, you know. I've told you that story too many times.
And then the January presidential primary, which in all likelihood had reduced turnout because of the Democratic candidate's vote counter Florida,
Palm Beach County was ours behind the state's other counties. It was enough to make groups such as the Palm Beach County voters coalition and the Democratic level of Boka and Delray Beach come out against Anderson.
I'm enough to make two of the political is most responsible for elections, Anderson's election when drop him like a hot potato.
US representative Bobby Wexler campaigned for friendly for Anderson in 2004 refused to give an endorsement this time.
The bloom has fallen so far over Anderson's rows that the other person is strongly advocated for him in 2004.
Representative Susan Buker ran against him in this election.
Tuesday, we had a new optical scan system that required voters to draw a straight line from the tip of one arrow to another.
Sounds like something for a sobriety checkpoint, not the way for 70 or 80 year olds to cast a vote.
So we've got a guy who voters and supporters have lost confidence in will be implementing a raw voting system for the first time.
A new voting system, it's new and it's raw.
Have you ever seen anything that's new and raw just this morning?
Yes, sure it was actually on valed Tuesday, but Tuesday's elections had a dismal 17% turnout.
So it doesn't really tell us anything. It says you can be certain that turnout for the historic November elections will be at the extreme opposite.
Probably four times the number on Tuesday starting in the even straining even the most reliable time testant system, which for this one is not.
A county that's reached celebrity status is a symbol of flood elections. Palm Beach counties become to voting, but Paris Hilton has become the family values.
This convergence of ironies and deficiencies can't make those of us who are past who are tired of jokes and the recon movies feel very uncomfortable.
Well, there you go. It may not be good and Florida, but at least we're consistent.
We're very uncomfortable, aren't you?
Oh, yeah. Start squirming around in your seat. I am now.
WDQ, I am. Hello.
Get that update on the hurricane and board nothing ahead in the big of things.
What?
Okay. Thank you.
What?
Just kind of upstate on the hurricane. I'm boarding off and I'm heading to Binghamton.
What hurricane?
All the hurricane.
Oh, okay. Good place for you Binghamton. Losers go to Binghamton.
I have no life.
692 votes on the pull. We're going to over 700 by the top of the hour. I think I can feel it. I can smell it.
Can't you smell it?
Let's smell potatoes.
So what are you guys eating? Potato soup and what else?
Separate by...
There's corn beef and cabbage in the kitchen.
Corn beef and cabbage, oh man.
And I'm having a... what are the sausage and the...
Sausage pastry thing?
Sausage.
Sausage rolls in a puff pastry.
Oh, did they give this tropical storm a name now?
Bill.
No, seriously, they don't have a name, but it's too small. I couldn't read it on the screen. It was like teeny tiny print.
So if I was you, I'd pack everything up and head to Binghamton. You can hear that guy.
On my way.
Yeah, on that guy that just called. He sounded like one of your people.
You know what I mean?
No. What do you mean?
Think about it.
Somebody to you way in, hello?
Yeah.
Meal.
Yes.
There's another hurricane that had to be right for us.
Hurricane Panda.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are you excited?
I'm not there, so what do I care?
Uh, Georgia's here, though.
Well, that's a good problem. Okay, I can't handle it.
I can't take Georgia by the hand and lead him through life.
He's gotten...
He's gotten this far without my help so far, so I'm sure we can do it.
By were you, I'd like moving in one of those places in Emerald Hills.
Oh, yeah.
Till they are.
Till Hurricane season is over.
Nice interior room, please.
Till the big blow blows on by.
Nobody to QAM, hello?
Panda's gonna turn north. Don't worry. We don't need to go to Binghamton.
Oh, there's a voice of expertise.
Here's the guy all the...
He was doing a phony accent today. Yeah.
Go away.
Annoying.
He's whisperer number two.
Remember the original whisperer?
Oh, yeah.
Well, this is whisperer number two.
Only the original one, at least, you know, was mildly using from time to time.
This one is just annoying.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
Hey, Neil, how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
Neil, I've dug a hole under my house because the hurricane's coming in the sky as falling.
What should I do, Neil?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, you've been named the name of Santa, the tropical storm Santa?
Yeah, we just had 400 calls about that.
Who killed that?
Oh, okay.
And what's going on with the company's dieboard?
You know that boarding machine deal?
That's something...
Yeah.
Remember dieboard?
Yeah.
What's going on with that?
What's going on with what?
The company.
You know the company...
Yeah, but it's going on if they need to fix the election this time, they'll do it again.
That's what's going on.
You have to ask?
What's going on with dieboard?
They're...
I'm dying out of here.
Yeah.
56670560, I'll tell you one thing, it's sure a change of pace today, isn't it?
Yeah.
It is from the subhuman race.
So it's Hannah.
It's tropical storm Hannah.
And it's out there.
It's already way north of Florida, but then they keep making the arc on there like it's coming back.
Oh, it's coming back.
And if we could just unretair Brian Norcross the hurricane hysteria specialist for a couple of days,
he could get everybody whipped up into a frenzy so that they go out there and buy up all the bottled water and the plywood and the viscuine, etc.
All of these...
All of these things.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
I'd like everybody to board up their homes for the impending storms, you big M-F.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, hey, this is a storm cat.
What time is the football coverage out?
Two o'clock, sir.
Thank you, Neil.
No storm cat, my ass.
You ain't no storm cat.
Yes, storm cat.
I know storm cat.
Is he still calling on the Joe Roe show by the way?
Yep.
He is?
Everyday.
Oh, no, one of those numbers are dropping like a gigantic boulder.
Good, God.
Everyday.
First, we got people to call everyday, too, but we don't invite them.
Right.
695, like I said, we're inching towards 700.
Well, people are busy aborting up their homes now.
They don't have time to be voting on our stupid poll.
Mrs. Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
Do you know how I can get around the office from pure networks like Max says to be good at that point?
He says that he has a porn and sex addition.
Disprayful changing.
I went online.
I emailed the dumb and nitricks.
Now everything is fine.
I make it in a dungeon made for slaves.
I get whipped when I had this we hate.
Just a proof that she is a master.
I'm hanging by my testicles for her.
You need the kick in the net.
I deserve your opinion with having only one testicle.
Why do you screw up the pollinicle?
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I don't really know that much about any kinky stuff.
How about I fit on your kinky face?
Why, why, why, why?
You think about that?
Okay, 12 note at 560 WQM.
So we started with a hundred certificates for the field and now we only got 98 left.
Wow.
Well, aren't you impressed?
Well, not yet.
Oh, 38.
See?
See? Well, now you're impressed.
Yes, I'm impressed now.
34.
62, and what?
24.
22.
Woo!
You better hurry, because once they're gone, they're gone.
Right, that means we sold 78 in about a minute.
Mm-hmm.
Well, they know the field.
They know the food is outstanding.
Right, he's a wild.
19, like I said.
18.
Oh, 18, like I said.
Okay, well, you keep an eye on it, okay?
Okay.
I got to go back and man your pool.
Nothing.
Not the first time I was sure.
Seven hundred and four votes on the pool.
About the colors.
And the colors today have made this kind of a turnaround.
Maybe Jolly Jo is actually doing something, you think?
No.
No.
What do you mean by that?
16.
Yeah.
WDQYM, hello.
15.
Yep.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
Just called because I gave up watching the network news.
I want to cable TV news.
I want to the regular TV news.
I want to keep up on it entirely.
Yeah.
Three news because those people have absolutely got their income with me.
What people are those?
People that read the news.
They have nothing in common with you?
Not a thing.
They don't put their pants on one leg at a time.
That would be about where we parked companies.
I mean, that's about the only similarity.
Yep.
They're not going to experience any of the things that normal persons can have in their lives.
You know, when they look at retirement, those security health care benefits, that's all they can care for those people.
They're never going to relate to us.
So this will be the elections are just a big gain to them.
How about a big money maker to them?
Big money maker too.
Yeah, let me show you.
Okay, see you.
He's not going to watch the news anymore.
He's done with them.
Six.
We got six certificates left.
Yep.
Four.
Seven, I read four votes on the poll.
All the numbers all the time.
Just throw a lot of numbers out there at them.
It keeps them off balance.
One.
One, Solomon Teuno.
See, that's going to go like faster than heart attack.
Faster than Dick Cheney's heart.
We can only hope.
Gone.
And?
They're gone.
What's they're gone?
Of course it's not official yet, right?
Right.
WDQA M, hello.
Bill, good morning.
Good morning, good afternoon.
Hey, the Jim's a feedie get canned on the other station.
Do you hear anything?
Yes, he's finito, yes.
Oh boy, that's a big shock or numbers are bad or?
Well, what do you mean is that a big shock?
He's not a broadcaster in the first place.
No, he's the writer.
No, he's the writer.
And he sucks for me.
I'd never heard him on the air, but from everything that I read,
he was pathetic.
Well, I know it's other stations we know how many bad people they have, so.
Yeah, we got enough on this station.
We don't have to worry about that.
That's true.
Thanks, Neil.
Okay, see you.
Oh, Jim DeFeta sees off the air.
And of course Tom Jicker wrote that in his blog,
or Riverdale, hell, I was the other day,
to breathlessly about 8.50,
and they did this, and they did that.
They don't have any audience, Tommy.
Maybe Steve Lapa took Tom to lunch or something like that.
Who knows?
8.50, they're expanding the billows show,
and what was the other deal they're putting on?
I don't know.
I miss on INZ, which that's not the same company.
That's Steve's channel.
Anybody listening to I miss on INZ any morning?
The I'mando.
Come on now, why not?
Come on, I give him a shot.
In fact, now that he's on in this market,
maybe Steve the Yid would stick his nose in there.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
He can stick his nose and I miss his back bone again.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
If I was going there, that's...
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I was listening this morning about Neil's ice cream.
I was trying to find out where he got that Hershey turtle...
Hershey squirts?
Is that what it is?
Yeah, Hershey squirts.
What do you get it at?
It's a store.
Yeah, it's quite public that couldn't find it there.
It's called Hershey, what?
It's not Hershey's, first of all, it's Briars.
Briars.
No, it's not Briars, it's Nestle.
No, I'm kidding, it's Nestle.
It's Nestle, Nestle's Turtle Ice Cream.
Turtle Ice Cream, all right.
I'm going to try and take it.
Turtle, Turtle, I'm going to murder the turtle.
I'm going to give it a try.
Okay.
God.
What is he trying to tell us?
I have no life.
Neil found Nestle's turtle so I'm...
Well, that's good, I'm glad.
Let's see what David Gurgon has to say.
And Carl Bernstein and Gloria Borgher
and all the other 6,000 talking heads on CNN and MSNBC.
We have to analyze and analyze.
And of course, when they can't do it for us,
there's always so they dare to fall back on.
Oh, once David came back.
One came back?
Uh-huh.
So we do still have one for the moment.
I'll wait.
It should go faster than you can then like...
Just like that.
Shouldn't it?
Should.
Yes, it should.
For the field?
Great place.
And after you had that bangers and mashers,
whatever you guys have read in the man,
you'll be starting up a storm.
You can go to the house of somebody that you despise
and just hang around and just keep farting and farting and farting.
Well, I had to start.
I just keep seeping you did?
I had to fart.
Seeping like crazy all over their furniture and like that.
Somebody, get away and hello.
Good afternoon.
I once thought you were probably the one that changed.
Hello?
Yeah, go ahead.
I had to put it in a rough to you.
That was rude.
Yes.
I'm sorry.
I was probably the one who changed.
It's come 198.
I had my finger on the button when it turned to zero.
I called it yesterday to give them an endorsement also.
The food is great.
The people are great.
The service is great.
Right.
Okay, I'll just...
That's all.
Thanks.
Have a good day.
Now you two have a great day.
It's great.
It's great to be alive better than the alternative,
although in some cases maybe not.
Don't you just love when somebody croaks and they say,
oh, he or she is in a better place now.
In some cases they're right.
Like, because in the ground is a better place for some people.
For some people like some of our callers.
I'm your friend.
712 votes.
I think you can make 900 today if you really put your ass to it.
I'm gonna ask as big as yours, I think you should.
You know what they say about the squeaky wheel or grease wheel.
The squeaky wheel.
So we are officially sold out or unofficial still.
You're officially sold out.
Okay.
But I was pretty quick.
You'd almost think we got an audience out there.
And of course George has been doing such a fantastic job all summer long.
I don't know if he wants any credit for it.
They'll just, you know, oh, he's throwing us out of the bus.
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
He's...
That's the thanks you got, the gratitude from keeping our number one standing and the highest ratings on the station in the summertime.
And that's the gratitude you got from that nebish-grig read.
And of course from that cheap skate, fat ass jolly joe bill, you get a 3% pay raise.
Two came back.
We got two...
Oh, that's chicken neck again.
With his monkey-word and Jefferson credit cards trying to buy certificates on our website.
Cut it out, chicken neck.
Or I won't send that check out.
Did you tell him I'm not going to send it out?
No.
Just tell him that to freak him out.
No, it was called Bernstein again when those freaky glasses on.
He's got almost like many wrinkles as Biden's mama.
WDQ way in, hello.
Sir, there's a hurricane coming down here.
There is.
Yeah, there he is and there he went.
I think what you ought to do is take that fact.
You still have it, that's right facts with the skull and crossbones on it.
It's not I've got it and I'll take it back to you.
I didn't save it.
And take it to clearance and let's have some action ejection from Mario Morrini.
Some of these people think it's a big joke.
You know, oh, I'm part of the show.
No, you're not.
You're a stalker.
You're a lunatic.
You're an evil person and we're not invited to participate or be a part of the show.
Go listen to Futsi, okay?
Go listen to Rush.
Go listen to the sound of your own ass making gurgling sounds.
Do something exciting for once in your life.
I have no life.
Obvious.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, good afternoon.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Look, I want to ask you, I know you've got a weather call here, but with respect to the weather,
I'm the middle-aged person and you're a little bit older than me, but we were young.
I mean, did they just catch when there was a storm coming in when you lived in New York as a young child and you woke up?
Well, there could be snow.
Was it a plus or minus or 10 or 30 inches?
Now with all this technology looking back, did they really, what did they do?
Call a city and ask them what was happening over there?
I mean, it's just amazing.
I mean, we got eye, maybe because there's this face-liss of now with all the networks and CNN news and the weather channel.
There was always storms.
There was always big rain storms and ice-creamy.
And snow storms and ice storms, yeah.
But we got eye.
Now, I mean, it's a sensationalism.
I mean, did you ever wake up one day and it was just like, you couldn't open your front door and they missed it?
I mean, that's the missingness, but you know, they're at this state that always had...
No, they've already been predicting the weather for a long, long time.
But what did they do before they had satellites?
I mean, did they call ahead of time?
No, they didn't.
They didn't used to look out the window.
Okay, big window. Thank you.
Okay.
I mean, I'm old enough I can remember a time before there was television.
I don't remember it well, but I remember I had a big Philco radio, a big white Philco, like a table model.
Not a table model. What would you call it? Like a four model.
Okay. You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
And it had AM and two short-wave bands.
You could hear a Europe on it?
Yeah.
You could hear radio in Moscow?
That's where I got my communist leanings.
Communist, communist, communist, communist.
What's called Bernstein Plentiful Getting About?
It's the hardest assignment.
Remember, he's got a...
Oh, and David Gergen.
David Gergen is like, burnt into your TV set.
He's on incessantly.
Now, you know that these people are going to be getting paid a pretty penny.
Because nobody's ego is that big.
That they just keep surfacing over and over and over and over.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
The same talking heads.
Who's that dark guy from Washington Post, Eugene Robinson on MSNBC?
He sleeps there in the studio.
He sleeps there with Chris Matthews.
In the same bed.
In the same space.
On the same place.
On the same place.
He's got his new largest 4.8.
With 5.62 AM.
The fourth leader.
On a lollipop little boy.
Yo, Tony the Tigers off his veto speaking.
What?
Yeah, man, speak to Mr. Tiger, please.
Hold down, one minute.
Hey, what?
Phone call, boy.
No. Hello?
Yeah.
Is this Tony the Tiger?
Speaking.
Doesn't sound like Tony the Tiger.
I'm Tony the Tiger.
What do you want from me?
What the whole...
They're great thing.
That sound like Tony the Tiger.
Can I do that on the TV?
You know, I'm a businessman.
Who's this?
This is General Mills.
Who?
General Mills?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Your main competitor?
I'm really, huh?
Well, yes.
What?
I've got some concerns.
You've got concerns?
Yes.
What's that got to do with me?
Well, it has a lot to do with you, Mr. Tiger.
You can call me Tony.
Okay.
Call me Mr. Tiger.
I like the sound that I have better.
All right, Mr. Tiger.
Maybe you don't want the table.
Sorry, boys.
As you know, over the years, the biggest Olympic champion has appeared on the cover of the
Weedy's Box.
Over the years.
Yep.
And it seems this year, the great champion Michael Phelps will not be appearing on the Weedy's Box.
No, because he's on a frosted Blake's Box.
Right.
I got him.
You don't.
Right.
What's the problem?
That's the problem.
That's not a problem for me.
Well, don't you think children are expecting to see Michael Phelps?
Oh, no, no.
You've got to get with the changing times here.
You push fiber and health.
I push yoga.
Kids like yoga.
Phelps is on my back.
No problem.
Is this really Tony the Tiger?
Where?
Right.
Hey, how's that?
Oh, I don't need to prove who I am to you.
I'm a businessman over here.
You know how long I've been wooing Michael Phelps with them biggest.
I'm the low-wain CD.
I send them all kinds of people over there to make nice dooms.
I got him a car.
I'm into this kid.
P.O. is me.
Well, sir, I just think it'd be better for this country if he appeared on the weedies.
Wait, wait a minute.
Hey, Rito.
What?
I got general mills out here, right?
He says he thinks it'd be better for the country.
If Michael Phelps was on the weedies box instead of Mike for us to flake.
What's he for?
What, he was smoking over there?
Listen, I tried to handle this amicable.
What are you going to do?
You going to threaten me?
I'm one phone call away from sending down Aweepercon and a silly rabbit down your
office.
and ascend the leper con and silly rabbit to knock some sense in to us.
I think then take good effort.
You won't even make it past veto, let alone get to the tiger.
You send down your little freak butts.
Don't you feel in fiber over there like you got that fiber one cereal?
Why don't you have a big mole at that and poop out your problems?
Because I got no interest in talking to you anymore.
We got belts.
You don't.
Listen Mr. Tiger, I don't like your toes.
Well I don't like your toes, General Mills.
What do I have to do to get self-summit box?
We're too far into this, for me to do anything to help you out.
I won't you then, sounds like solid grapes to me.
Unless of course you want to massage my tiger sack.
What?
You heard me.
No, no, I'm not.
You heard me.
No, I'm not doing anything with the tiger sack.
You heard me.
No, I'm not doing anything with the tiger sack.
Well then I guess it's true.
Yours, true.
Eat it Mills.
From 19 to 560 WQM, that was not that funny but it's yours how was long, you know.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking.
Were you?
Yeah.
21 is a matter of fact.
Wow, let's start again.
There might have been something really funny in there and maybe we missed the deferred
I don't think so.
I lack a lot of the calls.
Maybe there was something really.
I really wanted to play it but I didn't.
You didn't play it?
No.
Well thank God for that.
I don't want to be playing stuff after you played it.
Right.
Like that jerk thing.
Mm-hmm.
Kobodaku.
Jack's finale.
Kobodaku.
Come on that jerk.
Yeah, that's coming up again.
720 votes on the pool so Chris is sitting back fat and sassy.
We got the certificate sold out.
Is that official?
Yeah, it was.
Yep.
We sold out in nine minutes.
On the 28th of Augusto, how do you like that?
WQM, hello.
Yeah.
That was him.
Yes.
That was the real Eddie.
Mm-hmm.
Not the fake Eddie that we had earlier today.
That was the real Eddie.
How sad.
WQM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you see who we're to ugly head today?
Ralph Nader.
Yeah.
Boyle, we're again.
Anyway, he was doing an interview with Dan Abram.
He's been running for months now.
Is that like a bulletin or something?
Well, no, I hadn't seen him during the convention.
He just popped up on the Meta Mecee.
But he kept calling Dan Abram's Adam.
At the end of the interview, Abram turns to him and says,
you know, maybe the problem with your campaigns
are you should at least know who the hell you're going
on the air with.
Yeah.
Look, don't you?
I love the way these people, even the people who
think that they really have something to say.
I love the way they finish the call.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And I said, yeah.
I like it.
So what's the point?
And click on it because that's it.
He ran out of material.
I pushed him too far.
Two o'clock we got the big QM footballer, Stravagans,
the folks, you know, all the kids gathered around the radio.
For some, those games both on TV.
Chris, the dolphins is the Keynes is on ESPN 360, which
is the internet.
It's on the internet?
Uh-huh.
What kind of crap is that?
It wants to watch a football game on the internet.
Do you want to watch a football game on the internet?
I'm a little tiny little monitor?
No.
Not a lot.
When you probably have a big humongous 46 or 52 inch TV, don't you?
It's a 48, I think.
48 inch.
And they want you to watch it on a dicky little monitor,
just because the ESPN is it gobbles up everything.
Well, I'll be here anyways for the game.
So you'll be here for what?
I'm one of the producers for the game.
What kind of hours are those?
10 to 2 and what?
Uh, let's see.
I got here at about 838 40.
I'll leave anywhere.
850.
I'll leave it.
No, I was here before that.
I'll leave anywhere between midnight and one in the morning, home 40 minutes later,
sleep after a shower, and then get up again to about 715.
Just remember, you're one of the lucky ones.
Oh, yeah.
Look at all the big bucks you're making here.
Andy had a free lunch today for crying out loud.
What are you probably thinking about?
I'm not thinking about my family.
I'll tell you what my family is.
I've seen that growth.
You've got that gigantic fat ass.
You have to get an occasional free meal.
Like on Thursdays, you better hope that they keep selling these neildeels every Thursday
because we had a few down Thursdays there during the summertime.
That's because they leave it all in the hands of bluff.
And why is that?
That's because you're close personal friend, PD Lenny.
He sent another damn mass email the other day.
I don't know what it was all about, but I sure, I sure spanned that baby out of there real fast.
Stop getting on my email thing, PD Lenny, you idiot.
Oh, I remember what it was.
It was a picture of him like with some kind of a sack around him.
Did you see that?
No.
Dressed up in a sack like some kind of a lunatic, like somebody who belongs in an insane asylum.
There he is.
And for PD Lenny, one of the power 96 salespeople, formerly QAM, twice.
Not once.
Once wasn't the lucky charm, but twice.
That was a good line last night.
Who used that in the speech?
Clinton.
Baba.
About three times is not the charm or something like that.
Remember that?
Thanks, but no thanks.
And three times is definitely not the charm.
WQAM, hello.
I love you, Gemba.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes sir.
I was curious to ask you why?
Oh, not this phony accent again.
No, this is not the phony.
Oh, get out of here.
This is your real voice.
My God, you could go without a BM for 20 years and not sound as constipated as that.
Can you tell me something?
Yeah, I can tell you something.
Right.
Why do you call the program director Clarence?
Is it so that when he approves something, you can say we have clearance from Clarence?
No, it is not.
It's because that's the name that Hank the Humpergiver.
Dero, his name is Josh Dero.
And because there was Clarence Dero, the famous attorney, American by the way, not a
facility as Brit.
That's why he's called Clarence.
You shouldn't be so down on the bridge.
We got Clarence.
The Brits, you guys suck.
We've got Clarence.
We're civilized people.
We're not like that.
You're in there?
Civilized.
Oh my God.
We had a fight award just to get emancipated ourselves from your ass.
And what about Las Melvinas?
About time we took you back to Las Melvinas.
Civilized people, my ass, with rotting teeth and the silly queen with her little purse
civilized.
Can you believe that?
Yeah.
Constipated man.
Look what you did all around the world in South Africa and India.
India.
They took the ninja and stuck them into India.
The pasties face Brits.
You think he's for real?
I don't know.
I mean, he might be a for real Brit.
Yeah, that's not a for real person.
Oh.
Well, isn't that redundant?
724 on Fat Chris's pool.
This is a banner day today.
Don't ask me if I have a...
It's on the back.
Get off the wheel, Roger.
It's 4.50 pm.
I think.
Fourth lead.
Come and say cheese.
Come and act you.
For the last time.
For the final.
The edition of the Jack Show.
Let me hear that a part.
Well, that ain't no applause.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
I need some facial.
A lot of people are bailing out today.
Right?
for a long weekend.
And if they're smart, they won't come back.
Yeah.
5.670560,
Pound 560
Uneverized and Singular Wireless Line.
Somebody cue weigh-in.
Hello.
Oh, geez.
Here's our last call.
QAM. Hello.
Nail God.
Nail God.
Nail God.
Nail God.
Nail God.
I'm just south of Cocoa 95 Neil and I feel like the party will fun today.
Why is that?
Well, I couldn't wait to get out of South Florida and now I can't wait to get back Neil.
Really?
Yeah.
I can wait.
Definitely.
I can't get laid up here.
Oh.
And?
It was terrible.
I've got to get back to South Florida where the girls can tolerate me.
Oh, okay.
Well, I must be good for something, South Florida.
Okay, yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm your friend.
732 votes on the pool.
Hey!
Hey!
And we got a million open lines.
Well, this is bad.
I may have to be worked a whole bunch of bedtime stories here.
The other thing I made some up.
Good.
I pro-foundly disagree with the direction John wants to take this country from asking.
And why do they have to keep doing these disclaimers about how?
Oh, he's their friend.
I'm your friend.
He's my friend.
And he's a wonderful guy and his wonderful service to his country and he was a POW and
he was so courageous and brave and yadi-adi-adi and then knucklehead and the big, a puffy cheek
and all of that.
Why can't they just come out?
That's a Democrats for it.
Meanwhile, they're still swift-voting on the other side and coming up with all the crap.
It won't be too long before the inward probably surfaces in some McCain spots.
But the Democrats, it's always that melee mouth approach.
You know what I mean?
Meal-y mouth.
I don't like melee food.
I don't like Canadian bacon, for example.
I don't like it because it's melee.
If it was melee, that would be okay.
But melee, I don't like.
You know what I mean by melee?
Oh, yeah.
And there's nothing worse than a melee mouth.
In other words, open up a mouth and say something for crying out loud.
Instead of tip-toeing around the edges all the time.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
Great.
Hey, is it true that if one of the talking heads calls a preseason football game and exhibition
game, he can get his walking papers?
Hello.
You're asking me like I would know that?
Oh, okay.
I thought there was, I don't know about the guys in your place, but like on CBS and NBC,
it's stuff like that.
Let me say it again.
It's an exhibition game that I did often in the Saints.
It's an action season.
Hey, and one thing about the convention last night, one of the great lines by Clinton was
that we used to lead by power of example instead of example of power.
Yeah, that brought down the house.
That was a very good life.
And Tommy, did Jill Biden have a few nips before he stepped on stage?
He was really stumbling on a lot of lines.
Oh, and speaking of that, guess who they showed on their last night when they were talking
with John Kerry was his wife.
She is perpetually stone.
I thought that was only during the campaign in 2004.
Yeah, you see how locked the lipper cabinet when she's around.
That's for sure.
Good.
God, she is always just three sheets to the wing.
I know.
Think it back to 2004 when she spoke, but I was pretty painful.
The watch, that's for sure.
Wow.
All right, Neil.
You have a good day, buddy.
You too.
Well, at least he got all that the hinds money out of that bitch anyway.
Maybe that's why he looks so dopey and dumpy all the time, Kerry.
Mary, do that bizarre bitch.
She is.
Did you see her at all last night?
No, I did not.
She was just, I mean, I'm not saying that she was plastered for a fact, but she sure acts, you know, acts the part.
Stoned.
Yeah.
Incoherent.
Maybe that's how she can handle him.
Yeah, that's a good point.
I'm here, she does it 57 ways though.
Really?
Nobody can cue me.
Hello.
No, I'm dead.
Well, I wonder if we'll be trying with manslaughter for killing that federal agent.
Can you imagine that?
Only manslaughter?
It's crazy, I tell you.
He killed a federal agent.
And this is always on the get.
Man's water.
What kind of, what kind of a war do we have in this county?
What a man can kill a federal agent and only get charged with manslaughter.
It's only, yeah.
We cannot have this happening in this county.
I bet you're Robby Young is alive.
Wow.
Is that Robby?
It's only.
Robby are resurfaced.
I can tell you a lot of interesting stories about Robby Young.
One in particular, but nevertheless.
735 on the pole.
What's our goal for the pole?
I think 740.
Let's go to 840.
736 would be nice.
Oh, there's Candy Cowley.
That's why they're coming.
That's why they've got this big set.
I like her.
I don't know why.
I'm most of the talking heads I can't stand, but I like her.
She's okay.
You know what I mean?
I mean, she actually says something once in a while.
Which most of them, it's just, but it would mean, of course, that, uh, solely that.
Oh my God.
Bubblehead.
Mm-hmm.
She is the poster child for the term bubblehead.
And guess who vanished?
Maybe she wound up on Fox, because I don't watch Fox.
Who is the blonde that was on a morning show and then the head that she had her own.
A flash.
No, no, no, not Dan.
A flash.
She's never going to disappear as long as she's got that little senior wences mouth.
No, the, uh, Paula.
Paula Zahns.
No, she ain't on.
Oh, but we'll check this TV.
Paula Zahns.
And who was the one that was always well-pulled?
The former UN ambassador, uh, the former Ryan, uh, weapons inspector.
Remember him?
They sure, they sure, they sure, say it begged his ass quick.
He didn't even have any.
They just got together.
Who?
Hans Brooks.
That's right.
Hans Brooks.
Hans Brooks very good.
And the only reason you know that is because it's from the movie.
Right.
That is a great movie, by the way.
I watched it several times this week.
Yeah, I know how busy I am.
Hans Wicks.
And Matt Damon.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Daniel, how are you?
Good.
Bon, thank you.
Like a few years, man.
I had a question.
I heard the truck says going off the air.
No, it's not going off the air.
It is off the air.
It's finished.
It's history.
Okay.
Listen, I don't understand.
I don't understand what kind of shows are.
But he talks about it.
It's all just like they're all doing.
I talk about the same craft.
And I don't understand what makes this show worse than the other guy that talks about
men's balls.
He's still in a mean like, what?
He wasn't connected inside the building.
That's right.
He wasn't on a clearances boyfriend.
Oh, okay.
And I was watching the Democrat convention.
And I just had this amazing feeling that I was watching a bunch of rump rich, head-to-head
specialists bags and I had to turn it off.
Uh-huh.
You'd only want to like that.
See, as soon as you said Democrat, I knew that where you were coming from.
See anybody else would say the Democratic convention.
But as soon as you said Democrat convention, you knew he was a Nazi.
And maybe that's why he liked the jerk so much.
But I don't know.
The best talent he is in the world is the only 5.60 quam.
The fourth leader.
See now, some of them they do and some they don't.
Grab my junior party.
Obscure moments in Olympic history.
Greece 300 BC.
Sparta and Athens face up on the track and field.
Both sides cheer each other with cruel tongues like Sparta, Sparta, Sparta make you fart
a fart a fart a fart a.
And Athens, Athens, Athens make sure dumb dumb dumb dumb.
Frustrated and confused Sparta not known for its strength with rhyming.
Heads home determined to return four years later with a really nasty quip.
And a page in the Olympic record book.
All right.
25, I didn't watch one second of the Olympics and I'm very proud of it.
Okay.
I keep reading up here about all I had the record the viewing on CBC and blah blah blah blah.
But you know what they watch curling here too.
Yeah.
So what does that tell you?
Hey, that can be exciting.
I have no life.
Huh?
They got that one slick shoe and that one, you know, not so slick shoe.
What are you talking about?
Curly mint.
They got the sweepers and the shoulders.
Oh, I see.
I got the wrong.
I hate when I do that.
I got the wrong disc.
In the wrong sleeve.
I was trying to play jacks fellows.
Oh, well.
But it's coming.
It's coming up for those people learning more jacks mashing.
You're the one I got him off the air.
I know that when you started with that jerk stuff.
Yeah, five minutes after he was in the building.
704, just like you did with mold.
That's right, pants and his bad hair piece and all that stuff.
That's all powerful.
If I don't like them, they won't last long.
And of course the doctor that worked on most to pay.
The doctor that performed the surgery on J. Feetless Thump.
Didn't need the same doctor that performed the procedure on your Q.K.
The doctor who performed the surgery.
What's his name?
Flying.
He was doctor.
Oh, as Gildy Blurts, that was the one redeeming moment.
All years he's been on this station.
Eight all 15 times for Gildy.
The blur.
WQYM Hello.
New?
Yes, sir.
That is all my week to American sprayers.
Yeah, good.
WQYM Hello.
Now.
Yeah.
Didn't know if you knew you made because you're such a radio insider.
But across the street over magic about Hamilton.
There's no longer a program or I can't.
Yeah, he got canned, yeah.
And I just didn't know if you knew that thought.
I know.
I just want to guess what?
Guess what?
What's that?
I don't care.
See ya.
And either of us anybody else, although I'm sure Ricky Tiki's probably pretty happy about it.
When you think?
I imagine.
Although Ricky Tiki being the gentle kind of gentle guy that you guys see.
Remember I gave him a chance to rip Bob Hamilton and Anthony?
He just just sucked up, you know.
But that's back when he was working I guess.
742 votes on the pull our goal of 743.
Once we get to 743, I'm bailing out.
Because I want to make way for that football.
We got a big gigantic wall of football.
I don't want to get caught in the bricks, you know.
No.
Are they plastering the bricks together right now?
Are they cementing it or?
We're surrounded as we speak.
Big wall of football.
Baby, we got the canes on kiss and we got the fins on 560 and we got this and we got that.
What about the Marlins?
So that's right there across the street.
Across the street.
And what was this guy talking about Bob Hamilton across the street?
Is magic across the street?
I don't know.
What was he talking about?
It might be.
Magic?
I don't know where they are.
Well you better do your homework when you're supposed to even.
You're supposed to be our last contact with like real radio stations.
You know magic might be across the street.
They might.
There's in the same building that 790s and there's one of those old music stations over there.
Might be them.
Wow.
Well if that's the case then Rick Shaw was working there right across the street all those years.
How come he never came by and said hi to you?
I don't know maybe he doesn't like us.
He came by at the ball stream.
Maybe he wanted to come in the building.
Maybe he was afraid that he would run into jolly joe bell.
That could be.
That would keep me out.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, he or Roger.
No, he's sitting in any good sports bike crazy.
You can tell us about.
Anyone?
Any good sports bikes.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, how you doing?
Okay.
I apologize if I'm late with this but I haven't turned the radio on in a while.
Is it possible that I heard a Geldys voice on the station this morning?
Yeah, he was on 7 to 10.
He's all over the place.
Click.
That was it.
That was it.
He's all over the place.
The squeakmice turn.
He's back.
Another good conversationalist.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Should we wait for the radio to be on the radio?
Yeah, we can't wait.
It's going to have to be worth it.
Only if it's a really good call.
You'll see.
Hello.
That was Geldys.
Yeah.
You're better.
This one.
I told you it was going to be good.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
And our houses are off as a Nick Saber going to do this year.
56670566
He was going to continue.
That's the funny part about that call.
What did you expect?
You expect a little on-court performance.
It was like click.
You know, this guy, he was going to go on.
He was going to continue with the grade Z material.
Well, I don't think you're going to make 800 votes today.
They're all gone now.
Uh-oh.
They're all gone.
748.
Once we got to a certificate sold,
which was nine minutes they sold out.
And you know something that makes it even more remarkable about that?
What?
Is the fact they had to do the extra work to click the second time to get past these sports,
the ball game banner on the QM.com?
You're right.
So it makes it a miracle.
It makes it truly...
Uncrewable.
Right.
749 on the pool.
What happened?
I thought Chris said we were going for like 20,000 today.
Wouldn't that be something if one day we all...
Just just out of the blue.
You know how like sometimes on the stats page,
we get a wild day.
Like on the weekends, I'll know this.
Especially on a Saturday.
We'll get like 80-zillion requests for pages and a whole bunch of hits.
Just out of nowhere on a weekend.
Not for any particular reason, not because they're reading them in bedtime stories,
but for whatever reason.
Maybe they're just line checkers.
On a website?
Yeah, Internet checkers.
We haven't had a line checkers on the phone at a long time.
And you want to know why it's because they've been working.
Which today is not so bad.
What do you think the reason is for that?
I have no idea.
Don't you find it a breath of somewhat...
I think people might be of the doctor, like the one said.
What?
Yeah.
Eh?
It wasn't him.
No.
That was the bitch.
Oh yeah.
I love you, dude.
I love you, dude.
I love you, dude.
Drulling, hairy, nasty, a hog.
Slidhog.
Ha, hate.
Oh, ripping.
Pasty, nasty.
Drulling.
Slut.
Oh yeah.
5.670560.560 on the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
WDQA M, hello.
Just the line checker.
Thank you.
Okay.
See, there's a good material.
Just mention it in passing, but the line checker thing are right away right off the bed.
Oh, that's something I can call off and say just the line checker thing.
Oh, he's almost as funny as Jolly Joe.
Almost.
WDQA M, hello.
And he's calling.
Gilded.
I'll bet those Edward Gilded.
Come on now.
I bet you, what kind of a way is that to welcome Steve Goldstein back to WDQA M, okay?
Yes, Steve Gildedstein.
The Gilded One.
I bet there's somebody out there who likes his work.
You think?
You mean besides our management?
Well, I'm talking about on the outside, not on the inside.
Oh, I don't know.
They like him because he's the one who cleans his boyhood for the survey.
Well, we're taking a survey right now.
Let's hear from some Gilded fans.
Come on.
He put the squeak into QAM.
He put the squeak into M2 with his icy sleeve.
How many QAM, hello?
Any idea what's today?
Good.
Hey, I have a question for you.
Any chance to claim that car to that dude ripping the birds from my 20 years ago?
Oh, that thing is so old and still.
Are you kidding me?
That you peaked.
You show peak at that moment.
Yeah, peak this.
Go climb Pike's Peak.
My show peak at that moment.
That must be the guy that made the call.
Must be.
He's the one that put me on the mat.
Just like PD Lenny.
He was responsible for my great success with those little burgers, you know.
Don't you think?
Imagine.
Now do you see him now that he's on the other side of the building?
Yeah, so I'm just this morning as he was bringing in those little burgers.
He was bringing in those little burgers?
That's what he was doing.
For who?
For the people of power?
I guess for the people here.
Well certainly not for the people on QAM.
Not for me.
Nist from here?
No.
But me some work.
Because you can't give him a plug on here.
Probably my own platter full of wings.
From there.
Did he really?
He did.
In other words, he had a double dip today.
Yeah, well I only had a couple of the wings.
If you keep screwing around, you're going to have a double drip and not a double dip.
Anyway, so in other words, you had the wings and then you had the free food.
You only had a couple of the wings.
Yes.
Yeah, the free goodies from the field.
Correct.
I wanted a save room for that.
And it would seem to me since it's coming up on one o'clock that this one or two hours,
this is the hour when Chris is going to start farting up his storm.
No, I'm good, thank you.
Only 752, the votes on the poll have slowed to a crawl.
753 there.
They're pouring in by the ones.
What's your take on the callers on the Eelshow?
The all-time worst 195.
They're okay.
184.
They're funny as hell.
150.
Joe Bell is the anti-Christ 138, which goes without saying.
No more calls, please.
86.
No more.
The best challenge.
501.
401.
406.
60QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
I went everybody's head about to bed.
Bed, bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
The best of when a weather bed, bed.
That's because he's in all-eans.
Am I right, Chris?
Correct.
He's in all-eans with...
I enjoy roses in all-eans.
That's why Gildi was on this morning.
A lot of a conversation about Gildi.
A lot of a conversation about Gildi.
He didn't... he wasn't really on it.
He didn't... he wasn't really on it.
He didn't... he wasn't really on it.
He didn't... he wasn't really on it.
He was just a chicken neck doing his voice.
He was just a chicken neck doing his voice.
Right?
He was just a chicken neck doing his voice.
How are David music?
All day.
How are David music?
The music for Gildi's ears.
I'm telling you that.
He sure enjoyed working with that old fart.
Somebody cue away with that cranky old fart.
Q-I-M.
Neil, but after an embossed week.
Yes, sir.
Hey, man.
Have you ever wanted these candidates
to address fixing the levees in Louisiana?
The levees?
The levees, man.
I mean...
The levees.
Let me tell you.
Julie Roman will take care of the levees.
Let's wait until this Gustave goes through there
and blows norweens to pieces before we start worrying about that.
The levees.
They got Ray Nogginhead to take care of them.
And you know something?
I think that the people who voted for him, they deserved to get whatever it's service they get.
I mean, it was horrible Katrina.
And a lot of people were displaced and they lost their homes and yada yada yada.
And it was a lot of tourists.
But when you go and re-elect Ray Nogginhead,
who's dumber than sawdust as your mayor,
you deserve whatever wrath the Lord waxes upon your ass.
Isn't that what he said?
My wrath show wax hot?
Roo hot wax.
Because the Lord, thy God, is a selfish God.
He doesn't want any other gods before him.
Even.
Damn God!
That's right.
762, we're marching toward 800.
If we get 800, it'll be a miracle.
I'll be happy.
Won't you be happy, Mr. Paul Meister?
I'll be extremely happy.
800.
Well, they're all gone now, man.
They're all on the way out of town.
They're going to do their Labor Day crap.
They're going to go out and barbecue and get drunk and drive drunk and stuff like that.
Got to steal some gas.
Now, you remember the old days?
I don't know if you're old enough.
I'm sure George does.
When he used to be able to siphon gas out of other people's cars?
Yes.
I remember that.
Do you?
Yep.
Well, what did they do those second proof of things, gas things?
I heard of relatively recently.
They used to have the locking gas caps, remember?
Right.
So as soon as those disappeared, that's why they disappeared is because you didn't need them anymore.
So whatever that was.
See, the longer thing about when you have a car like a vet and any other like primo car,
you can't open your gas thing without the, from the outside.
You have to open with the button inside.
Okay.
Right?
You asking me?
I don't know how to say that.
Well, I'm just telling you, I got a button in the inside of my glove box.
Yeah.
I heard you had a button mushroom.
I do.
Line 9 is ringing.
QAM.
Hi, hi.
Hi, I'm here.
WQAM, hello.
WI-M, hello.
WI-M, hello.
WI-M, hello.
I'm a gentleman.
Man, town, man, state, essential, lighten, lover.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, I'm here.
Yeah.
Okay.
Watch with enough, more than enough.
Don't come and drag your ass away soon.
Trust me.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I got a question for you, Neil.
Yeah, I come down from the tree.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Good to hear you on the radio, please.
This isn't the quarter-slot guy, is it?
Yeah, how are you doing?
Yeah, uh-huh.
Good, tell you, called.
Isn't it amazing?
Uh, although I guess when you have no life at all,
and somebody actually pays attention to you?
Uh-huh.
Who's that?
Well, I mean, you know, he called it first time
about the quarter-slots.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh, and from that point on, he became like a celebrity in his own mind.
Like, like, sick-demented Muriel, you know.
I'm part of his show, I'm part of his show.
Oh, ho-ho-ho.
Won't somebody please buy my crappy insurance, please?
I guess not.
Will we ever understand what it is?
No.
What do these people are about?
Oh, no.
If you did, you'd be crazy, too.
Really?
That's how it works.
One thing about this show, we don't like crazy people.
We don't like crazy people.
We don't like stalkers.
Remember Jack and a Beanstalk?
Yeah.
Remember Kerry Beanstalk at the IOD.
Remember him?
Uh-huh.
Corporate attorney?
What was the, uh, corporate attorney at QAIM in the beginning,
before Joyce, that Jewish guy,
Howard Fertel.
Alan Fertel.
What a memory.
Oh, my God.
George, all of a sudden, made a comeback.
We're paying Neil a lot of money.
If he has to do the show in a phone booth,
so there.
Remember that?
Yeah, in a broom closet.
In a broom closet, in a telephone booth,
in that old crappy building that they used to be in,
even the cockroaches ran out.
Even the rats were moving out of there.
The trailer.
What was that place?
What, the swamp, the trailer out in the swamp?
That's the place.
What does Hank use to call this gas?
The rat infested, bug infested, uh, crap hole.
Whatever it was.
Yeah, except he didn't say crap.
Schmidt hole?
Yeah.
Hank, listen, who knew he'd Schmidt?
That was funny.
WQAIM.
Hello.
QAIM.
Hello.
Uh, Goneal.
Yes, sir.
Oh, I didn't, sir.
Great.
Excellent day.
Still alive.
I heard you talk about a swamp machine over a hardware
I call Quakekit.
Yeah.
And I can't win a thing on that machine at all.
I mean, listen, any game,
the machines at different casinos are programmed differently.
Now, maybe the ones there are tighter than the snare drum,
but the ones that would buy it, I've had a lot of luck on it, Quakekit.
Yeah, I can't, I put a couple hundred dollars of machine I can't hit.
So, uh, you know, I, uh, other than life's good.
How you doing, Uncle?
Everything all right?
WQAIM.
Hello.
Neil and George.
Yes.
And, can't win a thing on that.
Turn it up loud, okay?
Turn it up really loud so you can hear the own sound of your ass on that.
And, you can hear it on the air, okay?
You can see and smell it right through your radio.
Rack them, that's it.
WQAIM, hello.
You're my friend.
QAIM, hello.
Fade in.
I got a little bit of a...
WQAIM, hello.
I just got a window on my phone.
QAIM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hello.
Hello.
How much did you win?
What are you calling?
Neil Rogers.
Speaking.
Neil.
Oh, the first time caller, longtime listener.
Okay.
You're, you're, uh, I'm the singer's, you're sure right now.
Yeah.
And you're getting a backdrop.
There's shows we beat it itself.
Every, like, a five-second delay.
And you hear the background again.
Oh, it's still doing that.
How was doing that on the Tuesday?
Same crap.
Yeah.
I mean, it's just really annoying.
You hear over and over again.
Well, that's part of the sabotage of our engineering department.
Okay.
Thanks for the warning.
It's, uh, one, one or nine.
It's probably been doing that all day.
But why should we care about that, right?
Right.
Here's the facts.
Oh, look at that.
It's, it's a, uh, bad facts.
I thought it was coming from you.
Maybe it did.
To the sales team.
Ray, business case study.
Warm leads.
I bet you're showing the machine.
Notice where the warm leads are.
He stole the leads and he sold them.
Then Gary Glen Ross.
I bet you that's one of the best movies that almost nobody has seen.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
And you think where the cast they had with Pacino and Jack Limon and, um, my god,
there were so many, uh, Malik Baldwin,
howick Baldwin?
I Rick Baldwin.
Ands Blix.
Who else was in that?
Um, thinking at Harris.
At Harris was in it.
Alan Arkin.
Alan Arkin.
He was barking.
770 on the floor.
Who?
Kevin Spacey.
Kevin Spacey.
Space, uh, Space Goodidge.
He was in it.
He already said Jack Limon, right?
Yeah.
Okay then.
Get the chop.
Hey, get the chop.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Shelly the machine.
Oh my god.
I'm off east for clothes as long as.
Have you made your decision for Christ?
Oh, by the way, this very dialogue,
because I did watch it again here a few days ago.
Yeah.
That's spliced together.
That's definitely not what he said.
Or it is.
We'll combine spliced together.
You have a tone so that we can play it.
What's your hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to help us,
to help men who are going out there,
to try to earn a living,
you company man, you ferry.
Go to lunch, George.
Go to lunch.
Will you go to lunch?
Because you sell for salesmen,
you sell them a bitch.
You want to work here?
Close.
Close.
As in, close your mouth.
It's a great movie.
I could watch that like there once a week.
Sure.
You bet.
I mean, it's known there will be blood,
but then again, what is it?
Oh, I tricked out milk tank.
That's it from a basket.
WDQYM, hello.
He was kind of like our management man, like all hard.
What's your biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't get me on the audience.
Forty-two, five, fifty-two, a.m.
I think.
Forty-fourth, leader.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, huh?
You want to get mixed up in the family business?
And now you want to go down a police cap?
Come on, because you slapped your face a little bit.
What do you think?
This is the army where you shoot him a mile away.
You're going to get him close like this.
The thing your brother brings will over your nice cyber league suit.
Come in.
You're thinking of smerry first.
Coming all over you.
With another zero.
Oh, we get sports, you.
Ain't got to talk about air and the boys and boys.
More of an Anakin drop alive.
The reason we got zero is that we're not doing enough sports.
Yeah, baby, we got to do it somewhere in the get a license.
How about that?
You got to do the do.
We're a little bit of doodah, doodah.
We'll get raised, grab your legs around another long show open
with a front row seat to a thing that is not long.
What does that mean?
What do you want, Larry?
What does that mean, front row seat?
What are you talking about?
Mommy, take my hand and I'll show you.
I felt so special.
He took me in the theater of my mind, friends.
Soak me the rear entrance.
I could have moisted as we walked through the kitchen.
I got your ever friend.
The natured carried special table back to the front of the stage
with Bobby Fittin with crew name.
I was like, I don't know, Bobby.
You'll be singing like a cog.
Time for the long.
I cannot understand the beautiful time of 2020, you're saying?
He can run.
He cannot run.
He cannot run.
It's 117 at 560.
That's a great line about other sports zero rated sports show.
772.
So many zero rated sports shows and so little time.
Although we got lots of time, we got 12 hours of the wall of football
starting at two in just 43 minutes to lose counting.
772, in fact, Chris's pool.
They are bailing out.
I think right around noon.
They all got in their automobiles.
Or maybe they ran into bus.
They made their automobiles.
What?
And their automobiles unveiled.
773, now they're coming in by the ones.
There's Ed McMahon.
He brings freedom and stuff.
He's five years old stuff.
Whatever he's peddling, he needs the money.
Although he sold that house.
Don't you feel real bad for Ed McMahon?
I cry and cry.
Not.
566, 705, 60, pound, 560 under Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hello, Leo.
I want to come in for information on some home orders insurance
that I heard advertised on your radio.
What?
Yes, you have a company.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
There's a hurricane going to New Orleans, sir.
Sir.
Yeah, gross sell some crappy insurance, okay, Muriel?
Loser.
Loser.
Knucklehead.
How did you find that the Faction on?
No.
You want me to fax it to you?
Sure.
You're going to break out with Faction back to you
and turn it over to the proper idiot in that building.
Yeah, okay.
Well, there's so many to choose from.
I'll turn it into an improper idiot.
And I think that they blew up Maddie Bell.
Oh, my God.
At least he occasionally was helpful with some ratings information for us.
Remember those days?
It's a trip.
Little Maddie Bell.
Of course, I think he hated you like poison.
I think he did.
Wasn't he in that meeting where they tried to throw you into the bus?
He was.
Fat boy.
But everybody was.
Really?
Sure.
No, that was quite a day.
And they kept dragging you out of the studio.
Sure, I was on here.
And they kept dragging you out.
And to test that boy.
I tried to throw you into the bus.
What was that account?
Treasure Island.
Treasure Island.
That's right.
That don't exist anymore, son.
You know what?
No.
Why do you sell the place they turned it into a pure platinum or something like that?
I'll be there.
Those are the days, man.
The great days.
The the the the the the shallad days.
And you know something is as horrendous as that was.
And then of course there was the condolese.
Oh, that's another rumor by the way that McCain is going to pick condom
Liza to be his running mate.
Oh, please.
Please.
Choose condoliza.
Because you talk about tying yourself with a new straight to the bus chainy years, man.
Wow.
Condoliza my ass.
How do you do that?
Somebody Q.A.M. Hello.
I have a burn with my shoulder.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Tell about you.
Hold me.
How about that?
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Proze that.
I'm sick.
I'm sick.
I need proze that.
Proze that.
Proze that.
I need a mental case.
Don't build my best friend.
And I've got some here.
Oh no.
Where is our track?
WQ.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
You hear somebody squeaking the head here?
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, I want to speak for Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, can you tell me why Ramon Mahia's is not in the Hall of Fame?
For the same reason that Gene Alley is not in the Hall of Fame.
Oh, he had 999 hits.
Yeah, that's it.
Check it out.
Check it out.
Go get a baseball bat and stick it deep inside your...
Back down.
Get out of here.
Ramon Mahia's.
Gene Alley ought to be in the Hall of Fame.
He was hot.
Oh.
Houston.
Don't focus on the world right now.
Look at that.
Don't focus on the world right now.
But they got an AINN and right at it, baby.
Gustavo.
Gustavo.
Whatever the hell it is.
Some Rusky guy.
775.
I have to pull.
If you don't get any hatred, don't bother coming in tomorrow, Chris.
Okay.
Chris's entire future is hanging in the balance.
WDQA M, hello.
Any other choices, Mellon at N.
It's almost un-listenable.
Yeah.
And?
Yeah.
You're the best, though, number one.
Yeah.
Go choose somebody else's ass.
It lost.
Sound like a real...
You found it.
You've got her own to me.
Maybe that's why he was kissing my ass.
Maybe he's an ass man.
Maybe.
56670560.560 on the vaporized insincular wireless line.
That ass is dirty, man.
It's dirty.
Every ass is dirty.
776 on your pole.
You're creeping in 24 votes in 38 minutes.
Now, ordinarily, I'd say, piece of cake, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Cake?
It was so stupid.
I mean, he was like a type one diabetic in that movie.
Always going into these diabetic colmas and seizures and fits...
Every scene he's like eating cake.
Like me with my ice cream.
Really?
Where can you get that turtle ice cream, Neil?
I wanted that...
And then when I told him it was Hershey Squirtzy, he actually believed it.
WDQA M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, listen, I'm looking at your website.
Yeah.
You know, what do you think?
Maybe 90, 95% of men in this country are straight.
Yeah.
And I don't know.
What do you think?
More or less.
What does that have to do with my website?
Well, it's just that most of my friends would look at your website
and they wouldn't reach the part where there's the story.
I think it's critical of you, but...
I mean, you got some guy in the same picture as some guy grabbing somebody else's ball.
It's Brady Quinn, yes.
So it's a joke.
Do you have a sense of humor?
Yeah, but I mean, how many years...
Brady Quinn is a macho football player, a quarterback for the Cleveland Browns, Mr.
and you call him some kind of a limperist and fag?
Yeah.
How about some babes?
I mean, you know, let's put some on there.
Just a little interest going on.
Well, guess what, sir.
We used to have babes on there.
We can't put it on there anymore.
How do you like that?
What is your such a worst?
Let me say it again.
No babes.
Why not?
And what do you...
What's some babes in there?
Go look at some porn and location, Mark.
He's upset because we got Brady Quinn in there grabbing some guy's crotch.
No head of a sexual guard.
What are we going to do?
I've got news for you.
We've got to help a lot more hits on that website every single day than most any other radio show that I know of.
You know, Mickey Mouse market like this.
We're doing just fine.
So if you don't want to look at it, don't because it probably scares you.
He probably gets turgid when he sees Brady Quinn.
I know I sure do.
Well, at least I think I do.
I can't tell anymore.
Where?
783 on the pool.
We're just 17 away from that magical 800 mark.
Another chronic complainer.
Where?
Where?
Nobody QAM.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Are you going to go to the university of Miami football games today?
No, I am not.
Why, you don't like you?
I'm not going to watch it.
I'm not going to listen to it.
I certainly wouldn't come down there to go to it.
I couldn't care less about it.
That's because they are too far away from the university.
I went to school at Michigan State.
Why should I care about university of Miami?
You can't stay sucks, Neil.
That's right.
So who cares?
I didn't go there whether they had a good football team or not.
You moron?
Yeah.
Typical hurricane fan, an idiot.
A simpleton.
Oh, but we're the best.
We're the Hurricanes.
The Hurricanes.
And by the way, Chris, you said they were five and six last year was five and seven.
I know they didn't have at least five and seven.
And Michigan State sucks, huh?
Well, I mean, Michigan State's got like 50,000 students now.
Well, let's see enrollment at UM.
But third, man.
They don't even have like a campus.
Yeah, they have like a, what?
Yeah, they have a campus kind of.
Get out of here, Meg.
They don't have a real campus.
They got a couple of dorms, you know, and that's it.
And they got Mark White's stadium over there.
And then they got that basketball arena, which they needed like a whole name.
The biggest name.
The 70-year-old.
The biggest name.
The 70-year-old.
The biggest.
The 40-year-old.
The 50-year-old.
The 40-year-old.
Go customer.
Not a paid celebrity.
So to help us tell his story, we hired an actual celebrity.
Boracobamas pastor, Jeremiah Wright.
I was in my car, headed out on a date, when I had my accident.
Accident!
It was no accident!
Not a bureau black man in this contract!
I called Geico, and right from the start, I couldn't believe how helpful they were.
Oh yes, they wanted to believe, but I never believed the white man or no!
Geico got me a loner car, and actually called ahead to the restaurant and explained why I was late.
I was still waiting on an explanation, an explanation of how come racism in this contrast and adjust.
An explanation of how a black man has never been the president!
Cannot get it even!
Geico, real service, real savings, real insane celebrities.
131.
And let me ask you this, because Brandon asked a very interesting question.
We have on our cell phone calls, we always say, a pound five sixty, on the Verizon and Singular wireless lines?
No, AT&T and Verizon, for one of them.
Why would anybody tell me that?
Oh, I did.
I've been saying it, what?
Yeah.
And how you did?
It's very public knowledge that Singular doesn't exist anymore, it hasn't gone viral.
For two or three years now?
Yeah.
You didn't tell me squat.
Of course.
I saw Aslight.
Pops.
AT&T wireless.
Correct.
Well, Jesus, God Almighty.
Thanks, Brandon.
And what are they doing about that five second repeat under the lay in the background?
I don't know, savoring it, and doing it?
Roasting marshmallows, having a party, ignoring it?
Our engineering department ignoring any technical problem?
That does it.
7090 probably on our full.
7090 Chris, we better get off of that real quick.
I'm sure we will.
If for anybody sees that crap, 7090 my ass.
Is that how much of a person?
There's Nancy Pelosi.
There's nothing in nine and three.
She leaves me a limp man.
A cold fish, spineless, like a jellyfish.
5670560 pound, 5660 in the Verizon and AT&T wireless line.
See, I got it right there the first time.
And if Brandon wouldn't have sent me that message and chewed me out for doing the singular thing since they've been out of business for two or three years, I still would be saying it.
That's part of Georgia's sabotage.
You should probably be saying it again now on Tuesday or whenever.
Sure.
Mommy says I should be in a room.
QAM, Mommy's right.
QAM, hello.
That thing's got a mommy.
Hey, me.
Yes, sir.
Why is it that if you go online to the main page, it still shows Jason Jackson?
The main page of what?
On 560.
It still shows jerks?
I still shows jerks, baby.
Well, let me check that out too.
Geez, we're just getting the singular AT&T thing straight now.
Now we've got to work on jerks.
Okay.
WQAM.com.
Let's take a peek at it.
Is that possible?
Of course it is.
It's possible, but I don't see anything about it right now.
Our hosts.
Click on where it says our hosts.
Now there's nothing on there about jerks.
He's vanished.
Our host has got Orlando, Jerose Neil, Mandage, Damon Amendelara and Kimba Bullcampo.
There's no jerks on there.
The only jerk that guy was looking at was the one in the mirror.
Jerks, my ass.
Who does?
Who's in South, though?
Oh my God.
792, under full.
I don't think we're going to make 800.
We're going to hear everybody is van moost for the long holiday weekend.
We're going to do it.
WQAM, hello.
Near my only friend.
QAM, hello.
Jerkty van.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
A ass George, if he begs for the pie, he aes last night.
And if he what?
If he was begging for the pie.
No.
I heard.
I heard.
I heard.
I was delivered.
I said it.
That guy sure tickled himself, didn't he?
He had that feather deep in his ass.
That's a long arms.
God.
That's the best part about these idiots is that they really think that they're funny.
That's the thing.
Oh, did you hear what I said to Neil today?
Oh, oh, oh.
They're about as funny as Joe Bell.
A lot of sandy claws people out there.
Oh.
Almost as funny as the hurricanes playing a deaf dumb and blind girl school.
How many more of those they got on the schedule this year?
Maybe one of the ones, not really sure.
Like a fan you were one of those schools?
Actually, I don't even know if they have one of those after this one this year.
Oh, yeah.
You're so full of crap.
You give me five and six, five and seven, five and seven.
How many people are they expecting for this game tonight in like 50,000?
Yeah.
That's what they're expecting.
And the stadium holds like 80,000, while 70,000 some thousand.
A fewer less than the, or than the bowl.
All of the, at least, have toilets in the Adolphin stadium.
Correct.
The old, the orange bowl was a toilet and in this stadium they actually have toilets.
What was the end of what?
They'll say they have toilets in southern and then Florida and then Texas A&M North Carolina.
They're playing the Gators.
Yep.
Second, the Gators, the dreaded hated Gators.
Oh.
Who cares?
And who else?
Then they're at Florida at Texas A&M, home versus North Carolina, home versus Florida State, home versus UCF, at Duke.
UCF.
Yeah.
University of Central Florida.
Correct.
How many kids go there?
About third man.
They're at Duke.
Duke.
Duke, that's another little girl school.
That's part of it.
Number one.
That was funny.
They're in the ACC so they have to play them.
At home versus Wake Forest, at Virginia, home versus Virginia Tech, at Georgia Tech, at North Carolina State.
Sounds to me like at least 6 or 7 definitely lost is again this year.
What are you talking about?
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, if you need Mr. Bell, so about it, can we still working there?
Because I get paid, that's why.
Well, that's not good.
I mean, to dream of this fact.
Yeah, respect my ass.
Show him some respect.
I show him the respect that he deserves, which is none.
Mr. Bell.
This guy must be from the phone company, huh?
795 on the pool.
We got 23 minutes for five votes.
I told him they're just down trickling him now.
And that's because we got all those fag pictures of Brady Quinn on our website.
What real man would look beyond that?
Even George came handle that.
It doesn't look like they need me to handle it.
No, I'm busy.
He looks handled.
Yeah, one picture.
Very well handled.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is it me or does Jim Colcan from a district in the Muppet Bay?
Do you have 23 minutes for five?
W.A.M.
You're my best friend.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, probably ain't done, but.
OK.
You've been doing them the sugar consumption, even.
I ain't off a little bit.
Yeah, I had a whole bunch of ice cream yesterday.
Tons of it.
Come on.
Have you ever got a blueberry slurpee?
No.
Blueberry.
Blueberry.
Blueberry.
Pretty funny.
Stop beating all that candy when the Mexican thing out of the buckles party.
You'll be off.
All right.
Oh, he's an expert on tacos party now.
And they had all the nasty Mexican food.
Greasy, legend.
Greasy, nasty, awful.
And all curbs.
Curbs.
Everything has got like tortillas and enchilada.
And you know, like wrapped in curbs.
And it tasted like caca.
Caca.
Although the sangria was good.
The last time I drank sangria was 1973.
We had a trade out at WSPB.
We had a trade out at the Columbia restaurant in Sarasona.
A Spanish restaurant.
See?
And every time I would go there, I would get a picture of sangria with my meal.
Oh, man.
I love good sangria.
Don't you like sangria?
Yes, it is.
It's fruity.
Yeah.
I like red wines as opposed to the white ones.
Do you?
Yeah.
Yeah, white wine is like for a picture of the head.
Yeah.
Oh, and you speak out of Joe Pesche.
You know who is really irritating his head?
A little guy who looks like Joe Payne and tries to imitate him.
What the hell is his name?
I was in the movie.
Oh, what the hell movie was he in?
I'll forgive it.
He kind of looks like him.
And he talks with that same kind of like goofy, yeah.
Oh, geez.
It'll come to me.
I'll forgive it if he was in.
796, Chris.
Boy, you better not fall short.
Well, though, you need four votes that he crisis Joe.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
He's a real politics.
He's a 40-year-five, 60-qam.
The fourth leader.
I'm dying out there by any hazard.
I'm dying out there by any hazard.
I'm dying out there by any hazard.
I'm dying out there by any hazard.
I'm dying out there by any hazard.
The same old story nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the fairy start.
I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the whimpy wave?
It's saving through that flag.
Standing on the sidelines.
He looked just like a fag in there.
You fear I am, he's dolphin.
I am, he's dolphin.
I am, he's dolphin's number.
How many jeans in the way?
Thirty-two.
I am, he's dolphin.
I am, he's dolphin.
They're problems stick to them like glue.
The dolphins lost a buffalo and then he Tennessee.
It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out a victory.
And then they played the Texans in almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That fumbling onsite kick in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the way?
Thirty-two.
I am, he's dolphin.
Miami Dolphins.
Oh, and oh, Maureen needs to shoot.
The dolphins can't control the fall.
They're running.
The game is flat as for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone up low.
A lead of that can be sure.
And when they lead the field so has a stench of common-door.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the way?
Thirty-two.
I am, he's dolphin.
I am, he's dolphin.
Give them another shot of blue and orange.
Yeah!
You'll stop.
But dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the fingering of singets.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
F-tasting tailor and zectomist.
Which theme is the worst?
And they'll say, I am, he's dolphin.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell, thirty-two?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're true.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying.
Hey!
Stance of power manure.
Puppers over this performance by the Dolphins.
I take a look at that pull, Chris.
We did it 800 votes, you did it.
All right.
I'm big deal.
147 at a QAM on the Thursday before Labor Day.
You're gonna have some show tomorrow, let me tell you.
You better have a whole bunch of stuff.
Yeah.
Spin some wax.
Here's the facts.
Rhymes with wax and jacks.
If Iraq doesn't win the election, there is no hope.
KNOW.
No hope for the America as we, as we once knew it.
Not as we once knew it, but as we once knew it.
Who the hell sent this?
I don't know.
Criminals like the crooked housing lenders, oil companies raping the public, and the war mongers in the White House will be our continued downfall.
Granted, he might not be the total answer but at least let's stop the bleeding that the Bush administration spelled with a CH and has created.
The U.S. CH like Bush Gardens.
Talk about illiterate.
I'm a lighter note George mentioned about doing a poll on places in the mouth that don't exist anymore.
How about Orange Julius as one?
I don't remember that one.
Or NGE, J-U-L-I-O-S.
Orange Julius as one.
Orange Julius is still around.
At least they're here.
They are?
Yeah.
We got a big one here in the Eton Center.
They'll go get me a slushie.
It says Go Pads, Joe.
Dave from Cooper City.
Well Dave, go back to school sweetheart.
You're spelling in your grammar is a trocious.
And the Pads are going to be I think really bad.
I hope that.
I hope I'm wrong but I think they're going to be really bad.
I know Brady didn't play in the preseason games but I don't have no pictures of Tom Brady on there either because I was straight guys.
We don't want to see those jocks.
That was one of the most amusing in a pathetic kind of a way.
You should probably put those pictures on the bottom.
You know so that guys like that can find the stories?
No, that haven't had their sexuality.
No.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Joe, what are you doing here, deal?
What are you doing here?
What are you doing here?
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
We're at this rating guy.
I call it your cut point skill.
The rating guy?
I heard George had another train was coming out.
Yeah.
He was doing his detainees time around.
What?
Let me ask you a question.
Have you got like 40 pounds of mush in your mouth or the quarter slot guy?
No.
Yeah, you sound just like the quarter slot guy to me.
No.
I called you three months ago, Mr. Roger.
No, let me tell you this.
Call us in about three years, okay?
If I'm still alive.
And there's an orange Julius in the Pembroke Lakes Mall, says Brandon.
It says usually they're combined with a very queen.
That's right.
This one, the neat and center is combined with a dairy queen.
And an orange Julius right connected to it.
So you can get your OJ.
You can get your orange Julius.
I can't though because it's so.
It's like drinking pure sugar, you know?
Yep.
So I'll leave it like eating Nestle's turkey, a turtle turkey ice cream.
QAM, hello.
Neil, how's it going?
Okay.
You hear my election in the Bako on Tuesday?
Yeah.
You're still counting the votes.
I mean, it's okay.
Let us know when they're finished.
WDQAM, hello.
You're my friend.
QAM, hello.
Brandon, don't say that.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Love that top and so, man.
It was great.
You know, a couple of years ago, I got satellite radio.
And I just recently got rid of it thinking I wouldn't find anybody else to listen to.
And I just want to tell you you keep me sane in a strange way.
Really?
Yeah, I tried to listen to George a few times, but I still don't know what he's talking about.
Well, maybe get some help.
Get on the cycle, Pete.
Read up on whatever George talks about.
Then you're going to relate to it.
They haven't turpers.
Why?
They haven't turpers.
We have SAP programming with Translators for them.
No speaking English, I keep.
See?
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
I have a WDQAM, hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
I'm good.
I haven't had a chance to listen the last couple of days.
I just wanted to call and see if you guys had talked about swillery and that decent job she did throw in Barack a bone there.
Yeah, we did.
She did a friend job.
Good.
I was quite pleased, actually.
I think we're going in the right direction here.
I love it.
I wasn't even better job last night.
He was simply leading.
He was good.
Yeah, you know what?
I built through it into, so I just, I loved it.
I just wanted to eat it.
You finally threw her a bone after all the ripping on her.
Okay.
All right.
And just find a rip on South Florida.
Watch with all these giant curbs around here.
I got to drive three miles into a U-turn just to get back to where I'm trying to go.
Well, I'll teach you to go to South Florida, man.
It'll teach you to be in a horrendous place.
Just one more reason not to be there.
Now, they just showed here on the city pulse news.
But change.
But at the moment, it does look like it could be a category three hurricane as it moves towards Louisiana.
Oh, no.
That Gustav, man.
Look out.
And then we got what's the other one?
Helena?
Her, her, her, her.
Reminding, Engle?
What's the other one?
You got me.
Bill, wouldn't they keep trying to point back to Florida?
Okay.
No, not Faye.
I wouldn't get out of here.
You are.
The hottest tower here.
There's no rush.
Forty-two, five sixty-two.
I am.
I think.
Forty-two.
It's day two for that Wall of Football, baby.
At five sixty-two.
Do you know what you have to do?
Wall of football.
There's no telling how high gas prices will go.
There's nobody wants to tell big-boyle no.
One way to tell them that we've had enough is to spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
To spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
Show what you think of those royal rich pumps.
We're dead and tired of them gouging us.
So spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
Your gas station holder will plead with you.
He has the same kind of trouble too.
Leave his pumps all covered and go.
And spend.
To spend.
To spend on his pumps.
To spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
Show them your gratitude when you fill up.
In the sorries of kickin' their jump.
To spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
Taking advantage as they gouging rain.
Just how much of this could you tolerate?
Throw up big carrots, spend the rain.
And spend.
To spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
To spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
Our leaders don't have the balls to step up.
Throw a step further and take a big dump and then spend.
To spend.
To spend on the pump.
To spend.
To spend.
To spend.
on the path show them your angry and really fed up no one will help us
it's time to get tough so spare spare spare on the path
bye bye bye
the biggest names of death
Alex
and your full Miami Dozens
on the path show them your full Miami Dozens
on the path show them your full Miami Dozens
