New person, this is Patrick.
Great live, Joe.
Must listen to Radio.
Alright.
The older means better.
What a clown.
What a sense of who?
Listening to sports Radio 560 WQAM.
My M.A. Ford Lutterdale.
Must listen to Radio come up.
Sometime.
Why do you wear a stain?
Oh!
What?
What's you?
Blah!
Loot.
What you want?
Loot.
People I got it, loot.
Sometimes my name.
Loot.
So you can spend it, loot.
Check your mail for a little rebate.
Or when you get home.
Spend out of it.
Hey people.
Spend out of it.
Buy and I have phones.
Spend out of it.
Buy two.
Spend out of it.
Hey what?
This recession.
Loot.
Don't worry about it honey.
Loot.
I'm giving you loot.
Some spending money.
Loot.
All I want you to do for me.
It's a spend.
Never last down but it.
Yeah.
People.
A big shopping spree.
Spend out of it.
Stackable water and dry.
And out of it.
R.E.B.A.G.E.
Pump up this economy.
R.E.B.A.G.E.
Low by Plays for TV.
Hey.
A little rebate.
A little rebate.
Yeah.
Play home.
Out of your tech rebate.
Spend out of it.
Don't get tired out of it.
Keep on home by and spend out of it.
Just don't put it in the bank.
Out of it.
Keep on home by and spend out of it.
We will.
Well it's 10.02 it's Friday and Georgia's out of
the Gulf Stream right now.
Right now it's the way to speak.
Yo.
The fans line for you know sounding very tinny again.
I don't want to depress you right away but the quarter
slots guys sit right in front of me and I tried to get lead
and not give them anything and he did anyway.
And he's still here.
So I thought giving them something would get rid of them.
Why is he there?
Did we have the stocker discussion last week?
You know what stockers did?
No I don't mean that.
I'm not understanding that.
But why is he allowed to be there?
What a lot I don't think we have a hose.
Do we have a hose that we can squirt them with?
A bottle of seltzer water?
How do you know he's the quarter slot guy?
What do you think the first thing he said was when he walked?
I'm quarter slot guy.
I'm a quarter slot guy.
Actually he said the 25 cent slot guy.
It takes longer to say that.
I don't know why he uses that.
Oh well, Tom I had a good night of wood buying last night.
I made him.
Let's come back on one on Instagram.
Tell him that.
Just do a piss him off.
And tell him get lost.
Get lost quarter slot guy.
Call a police.
So now where are you located?
You're in the finishing line.
You know right?
Got a little of his wear.
You're in the track?
Yeah.
Not like a huge view.
If I walked over towards the glass wall over there around the corner, then I'd have a perfect view of it.
You can see what's going on out there.
Yeah, good.
And it's kind of right in the middle of the place.
There's a bar in the middle and we're right off of that.
It's very close to any slots?
Yeah, the same ones that we were close to before.
But I'm not going to go over there.
I'm going to go to the second floor if I go in.
What do you mean you're going to go to the second floor while I'm on the show?
No, no.
I'm on my own time.
Well, because we don't have that.
Why are you going to go over there?
You go up there and then when you get a spin, we can hear.
Oh, culture.
One of these days, as a matter of fact, one of the moffers came by right before the show.
One of the big moffers?
Yeah, really.
He was wearing an expensive suit.
It was amazing.
He must have been a really important guy.
And he says this is great.
What we're doing is he's going to be doing this regularly as long as we're able.
Great.
Excellent.
Keep pumping us that money, man.
That's what we're here for.
We want your money.
Everybody has got some money.
That's what we want.
We want the money.
That's what BBG are all about.
And that's what this business is all about.
We're a whore business.
Just give us a bunch of money and we'll do whatever you want.
Right.
Or speaking of a Gulf Stream and speaking of race cars, I already told you this.
Right, the dead guy.
Ross Morton is dead.
Ross Morton?
Ross Morton.
Raw.
Raw.
I'm sorry.
Mushmouth.
Yeah.
A little mumblesmouth.
And of course, this little bit.
Every old time somebody dies, who is fairly well known, they have to have a glowing obituary.
It's opposed to saying one of the most obnoxious and egotistical and arrogant idiots that ever sat in a race carer's booth.
Nevertheless, Ross Morton, the only track announcer in Finger Lakes' 46-year history, how is their opening day by the way?
In Farmington, right outside of Canondag, in New York.
It's really got to be a hell of a place when it's a suburb of Canondag, when it's like 10,000 people.
Do you know what I mean by that?
No.
It's in the sticks and under the dicey.
Ross Morton died Wednesday near his mother home in Hollywood, 40, who was 74.
Now, I just saw him a couple weeks ago on the racing network calling the races of Finger Lakes.
Ross, I couldn't understand a damn thing you said.
Is that like, do you pop that up in the morning if I heard this guy?
No, you're overheard of.
But you won't know.
We're going to be working on it.
Morton Highland is an Austin Career Finger Lakes in 1962 on the track open, called more than 60,000 Thurver races at the Farmington, New York track.
Nicknamed the Voice, just like that idiot at the middle is Roger, whatever his name is.
What is his name?
Houston, Roger Houston.
I thought the word lever.
That means, uh, ego.
Morton also spent 23 seasons calling races at Gulfstein Park, 23.
Wow.
And five seasons announced at the now closed, highly a park.
Ross was synonymous with Finger Lakes and we were deeply sent by a sudden passing Finger Lakes President and General Manager Chris Regal said,
five day race days at Finger Lakes will not be the same without his distinctive Marshmoth voice welcoming visitors and viewers alike on a daily basis as he did for the past 46 years.
Did it really say that?
What?
Does it really say Marshmoth voice?
No, I so, okay.
Of course it doesn't say that.
All right.
Our thoughts are with this family at this difficult time.
I said it because people won't tell you the truth.
I know.
He was horrible.
Well, terrible.
And he had a gigantic ego.
I told you before the show, and this is a true story.
Back in the day, when W.I.V. was more sports intensive before we worked there, they used to carry the feature races of the day from Gulfstream or Highly or whatever.
And when he was calling the races, he's one day he just decided he was going to charge them for playing his call of the race on the air.
How much?
I don't know how much, but they said, well, here's how much we're going to give you.
Oh!
My offer is this, Senator.
Nothing.
Right.
Morton began his career in radio in Syracuse, New York, prior to landing his job at Finger Lakes, his most memorable calls included some racing zaletime,
greats including Seattle, Sloo John Henry, Spectacular midforgot, and Holy Bull, Schmidt.
Morton was announcing at Finger Lakes when 2003 champion field male and dual classic winner Funnyside won the 2007 Wadsworth Memorial Handicapetus Verstart.
Morton also spent 25 years producing and hosting the winner circle, the Daily Mead Camp of Finger Lakes Racing Scene on Local TV.
He's dead, lost more than 74.
If you would have heard him, maybe there may have been one day, because the races start like a 115, I guess. I may have potted him up once.
Okay.
Oh!
Or are you just...
I just...
Just much more.
Tell him a word, he said, what?
Tell him a word?
He didn't make any difference if he made a mistake because you couldn't understand him anyway.
Oh, like jazz music.
Yeah, that's right.
If you make a mistake on a few notes, who's gonna note the difference?
He's gonna note the difference.
So Georgian out there, Gulsing invites all the same people if there are any...
Yeah, both of them.
As opposed to the quarter-shot guy and the Agawa Di Eyes, no other misfits, all those chronic fives.
Oh, boy.
And especially the two that came by last time.
Oh, check out the people they were.
Oh, that's right. It was the war on our favorites.
Okay, right.
The most few misfits.
Well, you attract a man, you're like a...
I get magnet.
I know.
I know.
I know we're like a faggot magnet, but you're like a maggot magnet.
Oh, love.
Here's what we got on our pool today.
Oh, I don't like this pool.
But you know, something will leave it up there.
And I'll put a new one on over the weekend.
I don't know what yet.
I'll come up with something, little something, something.
9007 votes, Chris knows he's gonna get a thousand today and he's all whipped up about it.
But you know it.
What?
You know it.
I'm sleeping.
I'm sleeping.
You know, I just...
You have to have a good sense of human essence.
Yes, you do.
You survive, you do.
Yes, you have a great sense of human essence, you do.
Oh.
And I've always recommended this to everyone.
What's that?
A miseryless company.
You should all have kids.
Yeah.
Well, now I've got one.
So you can kind of sort of...
Yeah.
Well, you get the taste of it.
What restaurant?
No, I'm not.
What restaurant chain has the best desserts?
9007 votes.
I don't eat dessert.
Wins hands down your pants.
340...
Yeah, right.
345.
As I don't eat desserts.
I don't believe that.
There's smell.
I can never have...
I can never...
They've never eaten dessert.
Well, no.
It just means, or regularly, down around...
Well, that's not the question.
If they've ever eaten dessert somewhere, then that's the thing.
Oh, I couldn't say if you've ever eaten dessert, where did you eat it?
Yeah, but it's not the poll you ate it out.
I know that it's dessert 345.
Cheesecake Factory 309.
That's just...
I don't know.
I guess that's a commentary on how many bad dessert places are.
You know what?
I also should have been on here.
We could put it on now.
What?
What's the name of that place?
There's one on the...
The D.B. Road extension.
Where they have a great strawberry pie.
We talk about them all the time.
It's a chain.
The Detroit.
It's a chain out of Detroit.
What kind of food do they have?
Because, like, it's in these kind of a place when they're a little slightly more upscale.
Like that.
Not Apple Bees.
No, not Apple Bees.
It's already up there.
It's something that's not on there.
Huh.
I was wondering.
The D.B. Road extension right after by the Hestation, it's got the Godfather's.
Right here, 595.
Maybe somebody will call it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Cheesecake Factory 309, Melting Pot 50.
That was a late addition and they're doing very well.
And rightfully so.
They got those great fondue desserts.
You dip it and you dunk it.
Look at you do it.
Mmm.
Denny's 39.
Steak and Shake 30.
That's because they got those great shakes.
Friday's 27.
Grandlox Cafe 29, which certainly ought to be way above Cheesecake Factory.
It's owned by the same people with much, much better food.
But that's okay.
Because next time I'm down there, I think we'll go there again and I don't want it all crowded and stuff like that.
Apple Bees 21, Ruby Tuesday 17, Longhorn Steakhouse 16, Chili's 14, Roadhouse 11 and Benignan's Salamenta D's.
Only 10 for Benignans.
I don't know.
Benignan's to me is more like a, um, not a dessert place.
Soup in the sandwich kind of place.
They're all right.
They got to give bread steaks, which don't interest you.
Was that dessert?
No.
I can't believe it.
I can't think of the name of this, um, oh my God.
That's bad.
They have the Slim Jim sandwich and the, um, the place I'm trying to go.
You don't know?
No.
I'm going to look up Slim Jim.
You're going to look up Slim Jim.
That's Slim Jim is like those pepperoni sticks.
Yeah.
Really greasy fat for you.
Oh, man.
They, I love those.
But sure.
They're your kishki's.
That's right.
That's right.
Wow.
I've prayed a few of those.
You can't eat only like a dozen.
You know, right?
Those in the, uh, that's good road food.
You know, too.
You open those red tubes when you're road tripping.
You grab a handful of those.
Oh, big boy.
You'll be tripping our, what?
Is it big boy?
That's it.
Elias brother's big boy.
I play the prize ball, but you know, you know, how about the, uh, the evening?
Yeah.
Oh, don't do that.
Tweet will hit the, uh, you know, the open show.
Show me that's it.
Maybe the blind show show me these big boys showing off.
They were show needs.
That branded man.
He is the best.
That great.
I'll aim screen popped up right there in front of me.
Show me.
I don't know whether the one that, uh, cousin Detroit was like Elias brothers.
Big boy is a franchise.
There's like different, um, different kinds of them.
Your Elias brothers, big boy and show needs big boy.
And they got the best damn strawberry pie.
At least they always did.
And it has good food, no matter, Frank.
You never had a slim gym?
I don't think so.
Not that bad.
Not that bad gym.
Not.
Neither.
Well.
So anyway, Georgia's out there.
I'm sure the crowd is going to be coming in.
Now, when does the, uh, action start there?
What time do the, uh, the place opens at 10.
So they're open now and people are starting to, uh, amble.
And they're in.
Let's go.
We'll take the quarter-slot guy and go.
He's gone.
He's gone.
Although I bet you.
A wager.
He's lurking.
He'll be back.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, he's lurking, man.
Uh-huh.
Skulking.
You're lurking.
Uh-huh.
He's lurking.
He's lurking.
He's lurking.
He's lurking.
He's lurking.
He's lurking.
He's lurking.
Talkers.
What are we gonna do?
I say talkers.
We are all being screwed.
I say slip them.
Wife is happening to us.
We want the empty seats to get, uh, our fun talkers.
There's no place for us now.
Even Georgia's.
Are all down in the mouth.
You can't listen.
But now you will find any word that will tear up your mind.
No fun to beat.
Send your body up to see see.
No fun to beat.
Send your body up to see.
There'll be nothing left.
For us to enjoy.
We'll soon be playing with children's toys.
No fun to beat.
Send your body up to see see.
No, no fun to beat.
Send your body up to see.
There's no place for us to be clean.
They think they know what we should feel.
They try to dictate to us what is real.
Young and old.
Leaves listen to us.
I think it's young and old.
Please don't put up a bus or a bus petition.
The empty seats let you know.
Power bus with one female Roger.
Can't do it all by yourself.
Let's all help him.
Don't put it up on the shelf.
Let the empty seats.
Know just how you feel.
And maybe we'll get the fun just while we feel.
A safety what are you doing to us?
A safety what are you doing to us?
I'm not in the way.
All rating for slide.
In fact, they might die.
Because of the FCC.
You want to find what we can do.
FPP you then what we can say.
You've even tried to find the records.
That the teachers lay.
People are important to you.
I said you.
Let's stand and fight for what's true.
And you're a nerd.
Into so far so we can tell you.
CC was the end of all day.
Are you a Roger?
And so far are on your side.
People we have nothing to hide.
Young and old.
Get your opinions out and maybe the MC will stay out.
FPP.
FPP.
In the phone and now.
FPP.
In the evening now.
No one knows what words drive them insane.
We all have the FCC to play.
FPP.
Go away.
FPP.
Get off our backs.
FPP.
FPP.
Let us live our lives.
FPP.
FPP.
FPP.
Go away.
It's 10 something.
10 20.
Boy, for just a second, my cable went out.
In fact, CNN went out.
I wonder if it's CNN or if everybody's out.
Now the cable's out.
Oh no.
Now the MC is there.
Sorry, if CNN got the error.
The power's gotten knocked down.
Wouldn't that be a wonderful thing?
Have you chosen to bait last night?
Of course not.
I thought he'd just fine.
I thought she was her usual shrew up.
Not just a bit so.
Some highlights this morning.
The thing with her that cracks me up is the fact that she's...
The way she holds herself is so embarrassing.
Like, she sits there like a puffed up boofo toe at all the time.
Every time he would say something, she'd like puff up like a peacock or something.
They showed the highlight of her getting booed because she brought up that thing.
Yeah, the thing about the Xeroxing that somebody else has been speaking.
That's what a stupid lie.
And then when they were analyzing it afterward, they said, well, even she acted like she was sorry she said it.
Yeah, too bad.
I guess it's interesting story on her, by the way, that she may pull the plug on her campaign.
How do you like that?
She may pull the plug.
Anyway, Georgia's a Gulf Stream.
Isn't it appropriate that you're there today, two days after Ross Morton croaked?
I think that's very appropriate.
Let's see what's going on in the Gulf Stream.
Right, to commemorate, I guess that's why we're here.
That's why we're commemorating the great Ross Morton.
Oh, by the way, I'll talk to the black man that you can't talk to the black man.
That's horrible.
It's a great time to be a third by racing fan as Gulf Stream Park Racing in Casino presents one of the greatest performers in the sport today, War Pass.
No one has yet caught the undefeated champion War Pass in Gulf Stream,
while having been the starting gate this Sunday, February 24th.
Your chance to see the Kentucky Brewer be favored in person as he launches his 2008 campaign at Gulf Stream,
the place where legends are born.
And by the way, Sunday also is the $350,000 fountain of youth stakes.
This test of the nation's top three roles will sort out the contenders from the pretenders and help determine who will
want to become champion in the classic races later this winter in spring.
Plus, this Sunday, Gulf Stream Park unveils the brand new handicap in contest,
where you could win 250 grand by choosing the winners in the first eight races.
It's the pick 8A, the contest is open to all GP advantage card members 18 years and older.
And, if that isn't enough on Sunday, they give it away free Gulf Stream Park Jotter Patent Pencet,
with the purchase of a Sunday handicap while supplies last.
It caps a weekend of great stakes racing following the Saturday grade 1,350,000 out of Gulf Stream Park turf stakes.
Free admission over 5,000 feet parking spaces and the new South Parking Lot of Gulf Stream is open now.
And of course, don't forget, two world class casinos,
South Florida's best poker room, Highland and Penny Slots,
and a brand new video poker lounge with the hottest games in industry.
And great dining options to include in Christine Leez-Asian cuisine and sushi bar,
as well as the buffet to top all the phase 10 palms.
Hey, that was a deal.
Pretty good. Penny Slots, so you, that's about your league, I would say.
Mm-hmm. I saw that Penny Slots here.
That was a pretty good region, was they could do this for a living?
You'd call yourself the Penny Slot Guy. What are you talking about?
The, uh, the, the, the, the read there.
You did a pretty good job reading that you could, uh,
you could, uh, you could, uh,
I might have a future in radio.
By the way, the guy corrected me.
He, he was kidding when he said he was the 25 cents Slot Guy.
Oh, see, well, first of all, like I would never say that anyway.
He was like a quarter-slot guy.
Right.
So he was all offended, because we took him seriously.
It's like, how long are we supposed to do that?
Oh, another comedian, like my good friend, David's around the Amais Bay,
which I wrote a scathing.
He wrote me back and I wrote him another scathing,
and he finally got a tensed beginning.
Just, just, I'm, I'm just going to delete him next time he even bothers me.
He's just an idiot.
A pseudo-electual idiot.
Well, he'd been listening for 15 years, and he thought that, yeah,
he thought that he could tell me how to run my life, and that he knows me, uh,
it's a radio show, K-Shmok, Puts, go back to Penelope Park, and, uh, yo,
go to a stake and shake and shake it.
Shake your stake.
I wait to speak into that. Wait till you hear this.
This is a great story, and his ready MP has blamed Parliament's tolerance of gays
for earthquakes that have rocked the Holy Land recently.
What else?
MP blames Quakes on Gays.
Speak shakin' and Quaking.
Shlomo Benzri.
Shlomo.
No, but really?
Of the ultra-orthogs Jewish Shost Party said the tremors have been caused by a law making
that gave legitimacy to Sotami.
Rrr.
Israel decriminalized homosexuality in 1988, and since past several laws recognizing gay rights,
two earthquakes shook the regionally, and we can further forward struck in November, December.
They're shaking it and Quaking it in the Holy Land.
Mr. Benzri made his comments while addressing committee of the Israeli Parliament the
quencent about the country's readiness for earthquakes.
He called on lawmakers to stop passing legislation on how to encourage homosexual activity
in the state of Israel, which anyway brings about earthquakes.
Israeli court rulings in recent years have granted inheritance rights to gay couples
who recognize same-sex marriages performed abroad.
Last week, Israel's Attorney General ruled same-sex couples could adopt.
Oi!
Why?
Shlomo is going to be really pissed off about that.
Earthquakes, if anything bad happens, like pet robberies and farts, like son of a devorant
is in the fires, wildfires and fordots, the fags done it.
Orlando is right.
All those fagots and those lander done it.
I don't know, he was gay.
No.
What would ever happen to him?
What do you mean?
Just why I said, whatever everything.
Is he still doing the five to seven thing?
No, not that Orlando.
Oh, that Orlando.
Oh, the hot-looking one, not the good one.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know either.
And we'll never find out.
I mean, he was moving in with his boyfriend or something and then they were saying he was
going to get married, but I think to his boyfriend.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That's another one of those strange deals.
Of course, he was Hispanic.
He was Latino.
Mm-hmm.
Okay, how are we doing on Chris's pole?
We got 944 on it, the dessert pole, and they don't like the zards.
346.
What?
I just don't buy that still.
Well, they don't eat the zards when they go into restaurants.
They pick out on the steak and the soup or their lobster and whatever, and they don't
have the lobster and the rolls and all of the stuff, you know.
They don't have room for dessert.
That's in the lead.
Right.
Well, other than cheesecake factory, nobody's doing a squat on this pole.
They're beating the crap out of everybody, so that's a commentary.
I think they do.
They vote for that because it says cheesecake and that's a dessert.
They like that place.
Do you know what reminds me of what?
It's like the Rascal House for Goiom.
Okay.
Not that only Goiom eat there because they're in the sawgrass.
I'm sure there's plenty of Jews eating there.
In fact, the day that I was there, it looked like a Jew Jan.
But I'm serious.
I don't know who the hell they are, but if it's in Proud, there's about to be a lot of
Jews eating there.
Right.
But they have one here.
They have one.
Jewels.
Jewels.
Have you?
In Halendale?
Rose Figger.
Yeah.
I wonder if my good close personal friend, what's his name?
It's still a lot.
Sonny.
Sonny Rosenberg.
Hey Sonny, when are you going to croak already?
The biggest name to the best out of the world.
And that's a big name.
That's a big name.
6.
2.
2.
3.
4.
4.
4.
Guardian.
Baron.
I told you.
Nell.
I told you.
6.
7.
11.
12.
Okay 1031 by the way, I'm sure you're very excited to hear my latest update on what's going on with my contract negotiations with Norma Kent George
You want to know what you want to know the latest news nothing?
You're up today. Well take your time telling me oh wait. You're done
956 votes on a poll Georgia's out there regal stream waiting to see some
Oh, yeah, I got a racing form Steve Sloan brought me a racing for me. I have no idea. We do it
I've got no idea how to read it. No, none at all. It's got you know, it's got red and black and you know white
No, that's on the front page. It's got right like where it's his racing for me
That's it. It's talking about when you open enough to let as far as I've gotten. Oh, boy. Well can't you open enough?
I did leaderboard says Godstream Park today's post-tire in school. I don't care about what to ask post-time
Bayers
fact I can tell you I can turn on the racing network right now and tell you what the whole deal is. Oh, no, they got the not
Al Shiba which is always a racing from doobie doobie doobie doobie right now
I'm the erasing now graded handicraft selection
To five chocolate first race it by let's let's bet on all the races if you buy great. What do you say?
You buy in Arabs all those damn Arabs buy an awful lot of expensive horses
You know, that's what's going on in the bin as well. They kind of started it anyway, so
The chic of Arabie with the Arabian horses
Federal agents are investigating with a former Senate Majority Leader Trent lot knowingly speaking of Queens
Trent lot knowingly played a role in an alleged conspiracy in 2006 to influence a Mississippi judge presiding over a
Multimillion dollar lawsuit against a plane of attorney Richard Dickey Scroggs
According to people familiar with the situation Dickey Scroggs. I wonder if he's can do Dickey greenly for maybe lester flat neural Scroggs
Remember let them you bet
Earl Scroggs big fans if I was at the station a place of their music for you, but you're not
I'm there. Thank God. They are they're Mr. Scroggs and several associates of scathe of the San Traumarch 31 on charges
They offered $40,000 in drives to state court judge Henry L. Lackie and return for a favorable ruling in lawsuit against Mr. Scroggs
Over 26 and a half million dollars in legal fees. Well Trent lot's got his ass in a ringer again
Maybe you can free himself of those pom-poms and of course the big news and I heard Joe going on and on this morning
Oh my god all the sports in the original oh
We're so lucky we got the Marlins are gonna get their stadium and we're gonna keep the Marlins and we're gonna keep the Panthers
Nice game about a Panthers last night again nobody anywhere can blow a lead like they can in the third period
It's just shocking three in a row now three games in a row blowing a two-wheel lead in the third period
That was just unreal nasty it was shag nasty
You watch it did you say shag?
Shag nasty. That's what I said nasty. Yeah, I watched it
Miami will get a new ballpark tomorrow's will get a new name and made the details of it worked out later
The big County Commissioner and I thought Denise Poffan last night was in all-time low just frantic and hysterical more idiotic than ever
I never thought that dumb frog could do it man. He outdone himself Denise
They have Denise under to make you look good
The big County Commission approved the six hundred nineteen million dollar deal with a nine to three vote last night
hours after the City Commission approved it four to one as we told you here on QIM because I read the internet
Not because we're on top of these things since we're supposed to be a sports station. Oh no
But Joe made a good point that is you know they sports nerds are selfish because if they don't have all these sports teams in town
What are they gonna write and talk about right they can't live?
Well, that's right. They're living there comes a time in history where vision and courage come together to create destiny
said Miami City Commission chairman Joe Sanchez who's district of course includes the Orange Bull site where that new baseball stadium would rise
Sanchez compared yesterday's binding stadium vote which puts a new home for the team closer to reality than that ever has been before
After numerous previous failed attempts to a ninth inning bases wrote it loaded the rally bases wrote it
We have a great opportunity to hit this ball out of the ballpark
He said
Fans were boisterous that the team which will change its name to the Miami marlins instead of Florida marlins
But finally have a home of its own and a promise to stay mommy for 35 years. Oh, I'll be long dead after that
I didn't sleep last night hoping this is the last time in front of a mic to ask for a stadium said
You'll burp though a Lazardo a highly a fan wearing a bright orange Marlin shirt
Thursday's an egg Gilbert
Thursday's votes came over the objection
Objections this I'm surprised he hasn't shown up there Gulfstream. Hey, you're the plan. I'm sure his coke bottle glasses. Come on Gilbert
You can do it
Thursday's vote came over the objection to some residents who said hundreds of millions of dollars a year in taxpayer money
Should not finance this force complex without the issue of going to a public referendum chief among them auto maggot Norman Bremen
Who is challenged in Eland Court you go in norm
Norma
Mr. Bremen would drop this lawsuit in a heartbeat if you're allowed it to be voted in a public referendum said Harley Trapin one of the
Bremen turnies
Kamasrake a lot of was the lone no vote on the city commission saying objective to stay and being tied into a larger
$2.9 billion mega plan. Oh, you ought to pay the mega bucks mega bucks. It would buy me a jackpots up to almost eight million now
Oh
But it's like paying the lottery. I mean you can sit there keep feeding it and feeding it and feeding it dead machine mine
Nothing worse than feeding a dead machine so told
The no votes of county hall came from Carlos Jimenez Sally Heyman and Javier Swoto
Commissioner Katie Swanson was home recuperating from surgery
My heart would love to vote for this but my head just can't sit him and as who was worried about the impact of Bremen's lawsuit
Profituring with the team in other terms of the deal. We're rushing into something where we don't have all the facts
But support is carried today. We love the Marlins. Let's build another stadium. Everybody's gonna go there and nobody wants to go there but nevertheless
Just like museums, parks and beaches, professional sports are an important part of our communities fabrics at County Mayor Carlos Alvarez
A stadium will not really contribute to our economy but to our quality of life. Oh my God. What a lunatic
The Marlins hope to be in their new home by opening day 2011
Those city County and T-Permors that is must still negotiate the fine points of some issues such as
Stadium maintenance and construction. Thursday's written agreement represents a huge milestone in the ballcups quest for modern baseball specific facility
There were a few tens hours however as the counties police and firefighters unions demanded that their workers rather than the city of Miami's departments
Get the exclusive right to work the 30 odd off-duty jobs within the ballpark
I job remember I job sure
The departments are still smart enough to city holds almost all those jobs into other county owned facilities
The American Airlines Yanta Arena and ABN arched Center for Performing Arts. I never heard of that in my life
ABN arch Center for the Performing Arts. What's that? I don't know and who's ABN arched?
I don't know
Your men and women who have been slaughtered recently have been cut out said John Rivera president
They've released benevolent association but if the county had amended the contract to clarify the jurisdiction
These city commissions early what would have been nullified and then it would have had to have another vote
Moreover city police wouldn't have likely given up access to those jobs
I think the city of Miami should work it
It's going to be called the Miami Marlins at Armando Aguiar President of Miami's FOP
Rather than suffer delay and resting the entire deal on the turf fight the county decided to spend the next month inside the
negotiations with the city we should be ashamed if we can't resolve that issue in 30 days county manager George
Don't call me smoky virgin say
After that was resolved concerns about these smart business set-asides and the construction nearly forced a similar delay those
Details too will be resolved in more detail agreements this summer
Well, I run out all the details all the fine-frient later on but let's rush into it now make everybody all excited
We love the Marlins. They're gonna stay. Oh, yeah
With the two governments approval third day pre-construction design and site preparation will likely begin in the coming months ground should be broken in November
It's been quite a road to this day Marlin prison David Sancentole city commissioners and it's true sometimes what they say in the movies that
Dreams can come to you for families and friends
Fairy tales can come to you when it happens to you
We did it. Yeah, we're gonna fairy tales you fair. So anyway, there you go. Marlin's gonna get their stadium probably
Not necessarily. I mean, it's still you know will somebody might throw a monkey in the range
A monkey wrench in the work. So did anybody there plunging their guts out of what everybody's sipping their coffee
There's an old guy sitting off in front of me over there. He was just checking his pulse
I wanted to go over and tell him it's okay pops. You're still alive. Oh, you must be in hell and
With the median ages debt plus 10
970 votes on that Poland by the way, I don't eat dessert is winning
363 although the cheesecake factories got 328. I mean when one one place has got 328
The next one's got 57. I guess that's it. It's hands-day. What does that tell you? I mean it's just no content right they can't compete
Now there were four of us that time on Monday one experience in the two now
I didn't eat near a long time ago and I don't remember what it was good or bad but this last time a couple months ago
Four of us had a meal in that place the food was
marginal at best and very best for all four of us by the way
Four out of four was just one person you can I ordered the wrong thing or they screwed it up or you like that
You know and the dessert gigantic portion but like
delicious, but no taste you know, I mean great your size so all you all you size queens out there head for the a cheesecake
560 quam the sports leader. Oh good
My mind was now a client it's time to change his nation turn it off and turn on your right heart
Some stupid sport host lives don't care about their jobs
Feeling on the audience of ratings
Eve
Hey
Shouting
You
They don't care if they miss yet they programmed for their sisters with their nose and bed bending meataly in jobs traps
They kiss each other's thighs while hogging sport hold eyes
They've heard or rated the audience for only what they like
And hardly face fall
They race they call our numbers hardly face fall
They can't get any dumber
The management here don't give a crap what you think
They're busy feeling fountains at least
Think, speak, and face fall
All the sports crap
You'd be a face fall back
He's mad for sport hold eyes
Well, we don't have the marlins too much to get around here anymore because they won't be under supervision
And of course what's going to happen if seven-nine-day process reaches us
If Hungarian maserkers are something like that
Those are high ratings
The marlins then want?
They're going to enjoy those high ratings
They're going to put us out of business
Yeah
How's Joe Feinberg doing by the way?
Anybody heard from him?
No
No
Won't hear from him no more
At least not in a radio biz
He never was in a radio biz
It was in the I want to be like my daddy biz with lots of money
Let me spend a lot of daddy's money and show all those guys across the street
What a hot shot I am
And then when the go-and-go-tuff man he ran off like some kind of a like a limbing like a quizzling
Not in 79 and at the dessert pool
Well I'm starving now I don't know what I'm going to do
These are him I bacon already what?
I am too
Maybe what I'll do all the way have a centimeter of snow overnight
It's not not a lot
Seven meter
Seven meter
Right
How's that
Like a dusting
Like maybe like a seven meter
Like a set of peat is that something that's what the waterline
Measure things
How the world
Meeters and saiders
Mades like
We're at America
My ass and the world
Okay and that's right
That's it hard
Yeah
We are the world
Right
Do things our way
Can I get into the story?
All right
You know you've had a lot of important stuff going on
First post time there's until like what
115 are looking at the line
Is that what it's called?
I'm trying to learn the right words for things here
You're looking at what?
The
Toad board
Okay is that what it's called?
Well because I got the racing form in front of me
So
What's that kind of do with the
Toad board of the
I don't know I don't know what do you
What do you call it the line the morning line
Or what is this they're looking at over here
The horses that are going to be racing
That's the morning line for the first race
Okay great
That's what I'm looking at
And once you're surprised me if the one is 12 to 1 in the morning line
The two is 8 to 1 the three is 6 to 1 right
More or less
What would it mean more or less I mean their numbers up there are the numbers right
Then 10 to 1 on the four 12 to 1 on the five
I'm reading it right off the entries here
Right well then yeah then you're right
Jesus Christ you are
Slough just impossible
This is an important story
Okay let me get to it that's all right
I mean nobody cares about this crap
I'll be care about is oh the marlin
The marlin's gonna stay all right
You're like that you know
Joe going on
See nobody wants to go there I mean when they had this stadium built right there at the county line
Right there by dating broword right off the turn puck you drive right in why are you pushing with a microphone
Oh it's my headset it's a felt man
Got when you have a stadium in a perfect location like that and people still don't want to come
Oh but it's not a domed stadium kneel and some more time it gets awfully hot and humid in there and then it rains and but it beeps in the boop
And yeah that's right
People want to go all the way down there by where the orange bull is and you know going to be demolished
And and go to there who now wants to go there nobody wants to go there hey attendances and as important as we can spend a lot of money building
Speaking is spending a lot of money and flushing it down the toilet
Specialization is minding that sorority may be ready to pull a plug under faltering presidential campaign
Oh
Sources within the beleaguered campaigns say fund racing has dried up and
Monting deaths may force a cutback and adds direct mail and staff
At last nights to bid an Austin Texas Clinton period of time's resound to the fact that her campaign is coming to an end
Her closing sounded to some more like a velodic read rest in the words of a candidate who fights to the end
In the past she's always sent you with stay in the race through the convention no matter what an NBC
Today show Meredith Viera as clinton and by the way they had a our wreck there in the emoticade and Dallas
Yeah, we're watching it you see that yeah, but motorcycle broad she went flying 30 feet or so good thing she wasn't an Indian man
Maybe her turbine would have fallen off
An NBC today show Meredith Viera as clinton if she planned to stay in the campaign to the convention in Denver
Clinton responded she doesn't predict the future
She's not psychic although she does look a little bloated
But supporters and donors said the future does not look that good even never say die
Bubba admits that if Hillary loses at least one of the big state primaries in Texas or Ohio next week
It's all over finito that finito, but ito baby bye-bye honey of this field. It's already over
Political insider say clinton's only option at this point is to pull the plug and save face and what a face to save man save it for a rainy day
Once you put a bag over her head
Yeah, every time last night that he would say anything she got like all swelled up and puffed up and sit there with that kind of like self-indulgent
Totally the malachar face. Yeah, smug
bitch
See that that's if nothing else
Forgetting about issues because nobody seems to be talking much about issues
It's whether somebody stole some lines from a speech or some stupid crap like Obama said. It's the silly season in politics
But for getting about that you look at her and you listen to her and you see this you see the reason why she so polarizing
Because he's not likeable
Not likeable. How can you be a leader when people don't like you before they even know what you're gonna do? They don't stop this guy
What guy our current L president?
Senator swillery bottom clinton's latest campaign finance report published last night appeared even to where her Wednesday night
Appeared even to where most stalwart supporters don't have to be a road map of her political and management failings
Several of them echoing political a realistic stress concerns that Mrs. Clinton spending priorities amounted to costly errors in judgment
The hamster and her competitiveness against Barack Obama. We didn't raise all this money to keep paying consultants to a pursuit basically the wrong strategy for a year now
Said a prominent New York donor so much about her campaign needs to change, but it may be too late
A high-priced senior consultants to Mrs. Clinton have emerged as particular targets of complaints given that they conceived and executed a political strategy
It has proved so far on
unsuccessful
The firm that includes Mark Pan Mrs. Clinton's chief strategist and Pulster and his team collected three point eight million dollars for fees
And expenses in January alone
In total including what the campaigns to lose the firm is billed more than ten million dollars for consulting direct mail onto services and amount of the democratic
Sted just not affiliated with either campaign called stunning stunning
Howard Wilson the communication director senior member of the ad team earned nearly 267 grand in January
His total included campaigns debt to him top 730,000
Where else does swolory spend her money?
According to the FEC Commission reports and the times nearly nearly where did he hear this? Okay
Party platters, baby nearly a hundred thousand dollars went for party platters and groceries before the Iowa caucuses
Even though the party moved evaporated fast
Let's get those party platters man see if it's platters or if they got lots of script
Room's if he belongs your luxury hotel in Vegas consume more than 25 grand the four seasons another five grand and
Tom consultants collected about five million dollars in January a month of crucial expenses and tough fundraising
Campaign sources say Clinton's claims are raising a million dollars a day on the internet during the first 15 days of February
We were inflated and add that fundraising all but dried up after her big loss earlier this week in Wisconsin
dried up just like her. I'm sure
We're broke and in debt said one worried campaign staff member supporters and staff also worry about her pasted performance in Thursday's debate
With Senator Obama rolling like a freight train to 11 straight primary winds swolory
Tripial North Senator on a keenly anticipated debate through the net the University of Texas in Austin said Forbes
He made out of done enough to stop his momentum
Her attempts to score points with a prepared line about claims of plagiarism fell flat the New York Daily News says
Hillary's best shot at Barack Obama was a dud
So see switch gears try to win voters back by connecting on a warmer personal level in Thursday's critical debate
She came to Austin Thursday and I tried to play Texas hold him with Obama eating away at her lead
In the Lone Star State and a rather March 4th firewall, Ohio
She looks to score with a canned put down of Obama and a question of Rosa whether Obama had too liberally borrowed
Others words for his arena packing speeches lifting whole passages from someone else's speeches is not change
You can believe in it's change you can zero oxing Clinton and the Crotic University of Texas brood
Dude
Like that
The San Francisco Chronicle agreed
After 11 straight winds by Obama Clinton went into the debate needing a knockdown punch went her attack lines failed
She pounded on on policy
Obama more than held his own if anything the debate was a draw that probably didn't shift any votes
Clinton waited to go on offense even backing away from a great invitation by Pamela's John King who asked her about her
All-hat no cattle line that she's repeated in her stumps speeches
Clinton responded that her comment was directed at President Bush
Clearly her campaign decided the attack strategy Clinton took the Wisconsin contributed to her defeat on Tuesday
It was Obama who lead left that a chance to blast her. Let's get real argument saying it implies
And supporters are delusional Clinton quickly struck back when Obama called her accusation that he committed plagiarism silly
She replied that if a campaign is about words, they should be one zone
Then she let loose her attack line. That's not change you can believe in it's change you can zero ox
It got booze
She must have had some more of such lines up for sleeve, but she didn't use any more after that
Was re-royter says was it a pivotal moment that could change the campaign or the swan song of a candidate who may be nearing the end of her
US presidential bid
Hillary's concluding statement and devised and televised debate last night through a standing ovation from the audience and
Plotts from aineless but some said her words which touched on her personal frows while complimenting her rival Barack Obama came too late and a contest
It is largely turned in his direction
She's done stick a fork in her baby. She's done
Stick a folk in her. So how the folk doing a ghost room? Oh, they're fine. Steve a page is here with a giant tank of poison
He heard that we were gonna have some pests
Shown up and he's going to spray them with harsh chemicals that he doesn't normally use
We saved them just for us. Well, see if you can show him up
Good thing he can't hear you oh they do a great work. They do a great way. Yeah, that's a good set of word. He's waiting
He's waiting for us. Oh look at it right on cue here the past and we're gonna watch them spray them with
Well, it's the quarter shot guy comes back
The Neil Roger show
must kill
Kim
seals
He's Hillary for love, he's all
Where that little girl feels on his whole
I've been feeling his up naughty boy
When you leave the house, he'll just enjoy white wine
And now just a little bit of recovery
And a wiener doesn't ever do that
He would feel lost on damn stubbornly
And a wiener for love, he's all
Oh, I'm like he should have a wiener
Well, here he is, I do
I'm like he should have a wiener time to
And I'll just live, well, say how he knows
I'll play a care of things
I'll play a care of things
I'll play a care of things
I'll play a real, ha ha
This Hillary for love, he's all
Where that little girl feels on his whole
Your husband's got a little girl
He's all I'm running in and I know I ever is
We don't believe that you're a hanky fan
No, sir, it's no faking bad Democrats
Hillary for love, he's all
H-I-I-L-A-O-Y
Hillary, Hillary
Love it 0-2 at 560
I was thinking about that Rob Marciano on CNN
And whether you're going to do it, who sometimes is a news do
Who sometimes is a regular do
From a long way to a way, he looks pretty good
You know, from like about a mile away
Yeah, but what does that have to do with who finally figured this thing out here
Oh, they finally got the 360 working there, good
And they're doing our bitch
And I got my drops
Well, they've got me
They've got me, put them in a FedEx envelope
All right
Comptrops
Jesus Christ
And just released, watched in post-ABC news poll, Swellry is deadlocked with Barack Obama in Texas
48 to 47% even Stephen
And in O- let's see, in Ohio she leads only by 50 to 43%
And that poll carries a margin of muscle-minus 4%
It's tight, baby
A recent CNN poll out of Texas also showed the two candidates statistically deadlocked
And the CNN opinion research corporation poll released Monday Clinton had 50 and Obama 48%
And that poll had muscle-minus 4 and a half points
The demographics of both states would seem to favor Swellry
Latino voters, a group that's tended to break for a flint over Obama and past primary states
Our expected to make up a significant portion of the Democratic electorate in Texas
And in Ohio, working with vast voters that have long been discussed through the core of her base
expected to play a dominant role
But, Obama's begun to make major inroads with both groups in recent primary contests
Wouldn't that be something?
Let's see, the fourth
So we got to wait another week, a week from Tuesday, man
I don't know if I can wait, can you?
I can't handle it
998 and a poll there, Chris, you're going to go over 1000 before we do the next break
Wow, that's here for Chris
Oh, and that dessert poll, and you know something to show what a luck hit is
We went through that whole agonizing thing about big boy
We never put it on there
Oh, I apologize
What an idiot
What a luck hit, what a lump
Not like Tweet, Twerp, whatever his name is, nobody's that bad
But you're starting to catch up though
998 and a poll, I bet if I refresh it, how are we doing on yesterday's Neil deal?
Not too good
No, it was great
It was
Both of you guys
The people were nice
Huh? The people were nice?
The help was hot
The location is excellent, the help was hotter than a fried tamale
46 left
46 to go, wow
We had 100, we got 4, we sold 54
But we have almost half of them left, we don't usually do that on this show
We leave that to Tutsi and Futsi and people like that
He don't even do them anymore because he couldn't sell anything to his grandma for a dime
By the way, the sun is starting to shine, isn't that pleasant?
Yeah, that is
It's a beautiful thing, now what is it?
About 86, 87, going to be this afternoon there?
I'm not sure
Great day for racing at Gulfstream boys and girls, come on out, I wonder if they still got Dubai, that crap on there?
Where was it Dubai? I mean, it's a Thal Shiba racetrack in Dubai
It was a ferry call, my God
Tutsi will, he's been surrounded for a while, he was trying to negotiate his way out, and eventually got platinum
Didn't move that well afterwards, but please
I'm going to tell you, how I always talk about the concentrated brits
Do you think anybody who's had a bomb moving in the last 20 years would speak like that?
They would step up for that one as well
Sorry, well that's a look at Shmuk
Shmuk, see there it goes, Shmuk, not Shmuk, Shmuk
Shmuk
Oh my God, those brits, they are just, they're responsible for all the, in fact Saudi Arabia, weren't the brits in Saudi Arabia once upon a time?
Yeah, they were
And what was that, Shik, what was that famous, so what was his name?
You're not taking it to Lawrence of Arabia, Lawrence of Arabia, that's exactly what I'm thinking of
He wasn't a machine, he was just a...
He was just a...
Yeah, he wasn't worldly, but he was a queen
I saw that thing on Bography, and they said he was gay
I saw the movie, Peter O'Toole
Peter's one?
Tool
What restaurant chain has the best desserts, we got a thousand votes boys and girls, Halle and Luya
YEEEY!
Oh representative Renzi of Arizona and Dated in connection with Arizona Land deals, another Republican crook
I don't eat dessert 275, cheesecake, factory, 338
Melting 559, Denny's 45, Stake and Shaken Quake 34, they got the best damn Shakes man, wow
Am I right?
Yep
Although I will tell you, I do like Arby's Jamokashake
I every time we talk about Shakes, I get it, I forget all about the Jamokashakes
It should be the law that every place that serves milkshake serves a Jamokashake
Those are really good, now the rest of Arby's well
I like those potato cakes, just fine
Now the roast beef sandwiches, the roast beef...
Yeah
It's 416, 15834, Friday's 28, Grand Lux Cafe which is excellent, outstanding 27
See people have crappy taste man, it's owned by the same company that owns the cheesecake factory
They got like 338 votes and Grand Lux Cafe's only got 27
That's because they don't give you that big family-sized portion for each individual person
The big, LC the Borden Cow-sized portions that Americans love to eat
And you wonder why everybody looks like LC the Borden Cow?
Why?
Because they eat way too much, because in the restaurants they eat the portions are way too big
Yeah, way too big with butter
Like the red lobster, and by the way you know something as much as I do like that place and I've gone back several times
They do use too much butter, I get a cholesterol headache when I leave there
I always wonder, I always felt sick when I left there, now I know why
Because they use it like in the chowda, but it's just loaded with butter
They were had their clam chowda?
Have been there in ever
Well, try it again, maybe I'm right
I haven't gotten exactly a million facts out of this thing
By the way, you know your white red lobster is really cold
We have race
So many nice restaurants that come in every Thursday and they give us those certificates, you know?
Apple B's 22 Longhorn Steakhouse 17, Ruby Tuesday 17
Maybe red lobster, lucky to eat free there, you'd like to invite you to come on by
Okay, that's what it would take
With your family and your girlfriends and a whole bunch of strangers
All together, sure
Chilies 14 and the X-Chorter Schlock guy
Roadhouse, Grill 13, Benagons 11, and big boys we put on there
And there's no apostrophe in big boys, why would there be an apostrophe you idiot?
Big boys, whatever
You are
Like I said, lung kid
Well it's too bad that post-19 was until 115 because if the races started like at 10
We could be handicrapping all morning and all early afternoon long
I know, we're gonna have to work on that
Yeah
What do you mean by that?
My first race is at 10, 15, you know, just a little comedy
It sounds good, gives a little time to build up
What's a month, the year or whatever, the occasional Friday when we're here
Security details at Barack Obama's rally
Wednesday stops screening people for weapons at the front gates more than an hour before
The Democratic presidential candidate took his day to reunion in Arena Dallas
I guess the Dallas cops are probably thinking of a proof
Good enough for JFK, good enough for O of this guy too
The order to put down the military detectors and stop checking persons and laptop bags came as a surprise to several
Dallas police officers who said they believed it was a laxon security
Dallas deputy police chief T.W. Lawrence said they policed the permits, Homeland Security and Special Operations Division said the order
Apparently made by the U.S. Secret Service was meant to speed up long lines outside and fill your windows they can see before Obama came on
Don't ever give an order like that again
Understood?
Okay
I won't
Connie's like
Yes!
Don't even
Yes! They're like ripped and sells off
She sure was one nasty bitch, you know
Not early in the movie but later on she had a really hostile bitter and nasty
It didn't have to be bad movie
I know it was you!
I knew it when...
Sure I said over there and they used that line twice for our first one with Frado
Right
Yeah
And then when he had Carlo kill
Is it true Michael? Is it true?
Sure I said Lawrence when I asked if he was concerned about the great number of people who had gotten into the building without being checked
They added to turn out more than 17,000 people seemed to be a friendly crowd
Oh that's security they seem to be friendly
Boy who wouldn't want to have secret service protection like that?
Secret service by the way didn't return a call from the start telegrams seeking comment
Door is open to the public at 10 a.m. and for the first hour security officers scanned
Each person who came in and checked their belongings in a process that kept moving it along lines at a crawl
Then about 11 a.m. the order came down to allow the people in without being checked
Several Dallas police officers said it worried them that the unit was packed with people who got in without even a cursory inspection
A cursory inspection
They spoke on condition about an enemy because they said they were made by federal officials who were charged a security at the event
How can you not be concerned in this day and age said one police man?
How can you not be concerned in this day and age when everybody is running around especially in schools these days
Shooting up people and running around with shotguns and stuff like that
I don't have the story but you see that one guy had a he was a rotsie student ROTC
Right rotsie people are evil and he you know he didn't kill anybody but he was just practicing in the middle
I just didn't
Too bad they didn't shoot him
Rotsie guys stole my girlfriend once so I'm still good
They really?
Yeah
20 years ago I was in rotsie and as you can see I never went to class but I'm never having a weapon
I don't remember what kind of a...
Did you have a shiv?
Did you have a shank?
No
I had a shanker though
I was a dad
I had a shanker much later on
Really?
10-5 oh yeah that was a West Palm Beach anchor
Oh boy, shanker and a big canker
Did you think or wait sorry
I think I got it at Freddy's anchor bar
And that's not there anymore is it Freddy's anchor bar didn't we discover a long time ago that's gone
That was one of the most famous landmarks in Fort Lauderdale
All the great old places are vanishing man right before your eyes
Rascal house, Puffernix is all gone
All the great restaurants are vanishing like crazy
And these people are all whipped up about the freaking cheesecake factory
Oh
The best dude
There is no projects
I can't remember I told you I am
And the sports leader
Let's get some party fighters from Georgian Golf School
Come on
See
Finger foods
All of these things
That's right
About 100 grains worth some rice
So hot and the more
So hot and the more
There's a lot of stuff that's all
So I'm pushing it out of the UI
Lizzie, no hands, brand new gig
You've been the room with that party
Let's hope this job doesn't drive things into change
Lizzie used to be moving the top
But she didn't turn for the worst
Now when she just left Christ
She'll be doing it in her purse
She replied and the more
So hot and the more
Lizzie, what are you?
That's the more
Because she got none for you
I
She replied and the more
I was just trying to get the charts, the racing form charts for a Velcro
And I can't get it
I probably could have I
Poshky to run long enough online
But then again you can always read the form
I could and I have already started
You have?
Well I got the little bit line that we were talking about
And the morning line
So what does that mean?
What's that got to do with the racing form?
You can look at the top and see the morning
Nothing, nothing
But you know about racing
You can stick in the table
I have room for fat boys ass left over
There's no question
That's why I need you
And Steve Sloan
Eventually after about a couple of years of this I might know something
Well good, let's make you into a real degenerate cam
You actually haven't tried any of the slot machines
You're in the same spot that you were last time
Yeah, yeah
Where you played that machine with the cards
See I'm not a card buff
I know, that's the right one
I know that's supposed to be the best thing
Texas Hold-um and all that
You know me and I'm not big into the machines anyway
So this is fine, I want to bet the POTS
Oh yeah, Wangs!
What's that got to do with Anthem?
They had great desserts but they're full of...
Yeah, a lot of stuff with them
I love Wangs, they've been closed for 100 years
That was a great 24 hours join, man
It was like an upscale Denny's
You're right, am I right?
Yeah, they had a regular up for it
The ranch house was very good
Wow, are they still around?
No, okay
I'm just coming up
Oh, why do we always do that?
Cut it off, Brandon!
Damn it!
I'm not bad enough, I'm already chosen for like a banana splurge
I don't have any crappiest in the world
It's quite sound better today
I wonder about that at all that dessert talk
He's going to go out and just binge
I didn't have time for it because what I did was I ran...
I didn't have a candy bar, I had a Snickers
Uh-huh
Not the real big one, not the King's Sides
It was more like the Queen's Sides
Okay, good
And I hopped in the car and I ran up for the FedEx
And I sum up a FedEx and I run my next deposit for my check
Which maybe even showed up there today
I don't even know as you never know
And I zipped over to Gulfstream
And I was there for many hours
Losing my ass and then made a phenomenal comeback and then one of a few hundred bucks
Oh right!
When I left there I felt like I wanted to make it
Alright
When I got in that little, um...
Puddle jumper, that's not a bad little car
No, I see him around
You like it?
They're pretty, they're really nice looking cars
Yes, Swenson's, get out of here, Brandon!
Swenson's, I am the only thing thing is I never liked Swenson's
I liked Swenson a lot, we used to go a lot of time
We used to go there, they had the best malted shakes with the trunks
Oh, big old choux chunks of malt at the bottom
Oh yeah
And people with the dual order of the bananas splitzer, everything is like
I want the biggest, fastest malted shake you can get
You know, they give you the tin too, you know, so that...
Oh, of course
Yeah, so then you can lick it
Oh yeah, you can get this tongue in your finger inside the...
Here stick your thing in the tin
You like it?
Oh baby, then you can do a painting with it
That was quite a story, the penis painter in Australia
Yeah, if you missed that story yesterday, you missed about 30 seconds worth of it
What an art piece
Not the hysteria, but you know, mildly amusing like that one Jack said
That they mildly amusing the... yeah, amused this
Quarter-slot guy, yeah, do you think the quarter-slot guy had the balls to show up there and show his face to you?
I hate, I don't put a real one as these people
He knows you carry a face
Yeah
They would probably not invite us back if we did that
What if he's there shooting people?
Yeah, I think we have permission, it says here on that bullet point on that thing
It says a bullet point, that's point of bullet
It says, by the way, use a few bullets
If you have to and it will look the other way, we'll pretend we didn't know nothing
We didn't know nothing
$350,000 font of view stakes at Gulfstream on Sunday
And tomorrow, or yeah, tomorrow is Saturday, last time I checked
What's the big race tomorrow?
It's the grade one, $350,000 Gulfstream Park Tour Stakes tomorrow
And by the way, Ross Morton died and some people are mourning that
We're celebrating it here on WQAM
He was a jackass
I mean, you know, usually when somebody dies, he tried to have a little bit of class
And said, oh, well, he was a wonderful man, he did a great job, he did not do a great job, and he was a jerk
And I never met him, but I mean, I know a lot of people who didn't know him, and everybody told me, oh my god, this guy with ego
Why is it that guys with the least talent, especially that race-calling business, have the biggest ego like that Roger Houston?
The Mettles, AT THE Mettles!
As they go around the DURN, the DURN, how can you, how can you, how can you, you are in B DURN?
I know, a Bruce DURN, yeah, Laura DURN, and Packard DURN
What a jerk Roger, he's the voice, the voice picks the three
It's one thing, I gotta admit, well there are many things in my life, you know, kind of people I can't stand
But people with big egos, I can't deal with it, I can't stand it
You know what I mean? Yeah, I know, it's one thing if they deserve it
And usually the people with the biggest egos have at least talent, like Joey Reynolds for example, there's another one
No boy
Oh my god, what an ego, he used to be on WKBW
I am that hemorrhoid, yeah
I have my nose up nails, I ask
Absolutely
Joey, Hillary Rodham Clinton in the January with $7.6 million in debt, not including the F-
$5 million dollar personal, and she gave it her campaign
And then run up to the critical super two-day elections, according to financial reports, at least on Wednesday
And contrast, Democratic Raffle Barack Obama's campaign finances continued to be robust
He's robust and she's just bust, not that she's got much of a bust but nevertheless, she looked so puffed up and so pretty
Last night, pretty much, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty, pretty
No
He reported raising nearly $37 million dollars spending nearly $31, his cash balance was $25 million dollars of which roughly 20 million can be spent on the primary
He reported a comparatively small $1 million in debt, owed largely to just three vendors
The January monthly financial disclosure reports to them say behind the scenes in balance, that it's had a significant impact on the primary contest
When it continues in the days leading up to the critical March 4th primaries in Ohio and Texas
As the Clinton campaign scrambles for cash, Obama appears on track to raise more than 30 million in February
About 30 million?
It's like he didn't January
Phil Singer, or Clinton's spokesman, downplayed the disparity
Thanks to an enormous hot pouring of support, we will raise more money this month than any other so far he said
We have all the resources we need to compete in when he said
And of course, everybody else said
Yeah, sure
But the Clinton report paints a picture of a one-time frontrunner under an enormous pressure after this calculate
And she would wrap up the nomination before February 5th
You know, a lot of those deli places used to have great desserts too
All those places are out of business now
Like Compranix and Wolfies and all those joints they had great impact
Probably the Raskha Loss has good desserts too, but I'll let you figure it out before they close
They probably have a Google
Yeah, Luxian Coral has not used it
It is not a dessert
It is?
No, it is not
Is it a Luxian Coral? Is it a dessert?
I don't know, a lot of dessert
People are the Luxian Coral for dessert, not that I know of
For dessert?
Would you eat newtled pie for dessert?
If it's sweet, why not?
Yeah
Like bread pudding?
Bread pudding
You talk about something that is strictly for goyem
You know, something that's a great pull, I don't think we've ever done that
Bread pudding is good
Which of these strictly for goyem?
That's what I'm thinking of biscuits
This biscuits engraved
I have the perfect choice that's going to win
Yeah, Jesus
I like that
Yeah
But then again we don't have to put any other choices on the pole, see
Jesus?
Oh Jesus
Jesus of Nazareth, I played that yesterday, what a shame
No, I like that pull, don't you think that's a good idea?
I would say that's strictly for goyem
I use that all the time
Pork and beans?
Sure
Lentil soup?
Mm-hmm
Bologna cheese sandwich?
No, well, that's not for, you know, Orthodox Jews' bologna, that's because it's trife
But like anybody else on it, they're the bolognaians
What's wrong with bologna?
A lot of Jews in bologna, man
Really?
And some are even full of bologna like Jew Lieberman
Well, so much for bragging about good taste if you eat bologna
Swellery reported a cash balance of $29 million, but more than $20 million, that's my dedicated to general election
Her personal loan accounts for more than half their remaining approximately $9 million
Leaving just about four million in cash rates from donors, but even that money is illusionary when measured against the reported
$7.6 million in debts, more than two million in the red aches owed to Chief Consolid Advisor Mark Penn
I wonder if he's kin to Sean Penn?
Or Penn and Teller
But the lengthy laundry list of IOUs is also in food's unpaid bills ranging from insurance coverage, phone banking, printing and catering events in I1 New Hampshire and California
Clinton strapped financial situation in late January when she couldn't invest in all of these super Tuesday states
Especially the expensive ground operations required in the caucus states
Well, goody goody gum drop too bad. They're trying to send you a message, Hillary
Just like Joey Zaza was going to send Vincent a message, remember that?
Joey Zaza's going to send me a message. Oh yeah!
Got a message for Joey Zaza
That movie's not as bad as you. It's worth watching if you've never seen it
When you'll be a guest and when you look at Mary's nose
Every time I see that, I think to myself, boy, nepotism is sure worked on it
Sure do. He wasn't related if she wasn't Francis Ford Coppola's daughter
The chances of her getting that rule in that movie on a scale of minus infinity are
My biggest name is the best out of two. It's no Rajas, it's 4.256 QAM
I think. Fourth, later.
Why do you breast, dude?
Once there was a salature
Who was caught indulging a habit
A boo-go-roam, not much different like
A typical meocom back in
Hands up to that beast
We are back in new
Forgive me, writer, something funny to do
You're looking for guys who make you go by
I hope that you're very cracked like you
Or tapping your shoe
New stories last a few days
But you refuse to go away
Republicans are crying I really get it again
Hands up to that beast
We are back in new
We are back in new
Forgive me, writer, something funny to do
You're looking for guys who make you go by
I hope that you're very cracked like you
Or tapping your shoe
Game, game, game, I never happened again
Game, game, game, I never happened again
Hands up to that beast
He wants to stay in
But he's on party watching
You go away
Republicans are crying I want you to stay
Cry, cry, cry, cry
Very cracked, very cracked, as they told you
Oh, rock
He wants to stay in
Oh
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
He wants to stay in
Save there
The free wheat
he'd bet on would win. Yep. And if it didn't win they'd give him his money back. I like to
be like that. I'd like to go to a woodbine and have a machine where I could play for a few hours
and plunge my guts out and if I wanted jackpot or something good, great. Here's the winnings.
They're never good day and if I lost they'd give me my money back. Kind of like a free ride.
Kind of like mailing it in, you know. Who would do that? That's 23 on Chris's polarity
restaurants. Big boys didn't have any. They got an apostrophe and there it doesn't belong there but
maybe it's not even there anymore that big boys because I don't know if there are any other
ones. I don't know how you know it doesn't require an apostrophe.
Why would there be an apostrophe in big boys? Because it's big boys restaurant, maybe it's possessive.
All right, let me google it. All right, let's find out. This is important.
Well, I asked Eric to remove it and he hasn't replied yet so. Oh, there's no way I say
it's this big boy. I see. So wow, nobody was right. Big boy restaurants, LLC.
This big one makes you say, oh boy. Does it? Yeah. There's the new crab cake dinner at big boy.
Why? Nothing. It's what's going on here. I didn't take it after it's gone.
What do you mean by that? What do the guy leaves that'll make fun of you? Keep walking. Keep walking.
Guy. How complicated is it? It's a free pen. Take it man. It ain't complicated. Just take it. Okay, he took it.
God. We actually had to explain that it was a pen. What are you talking about? What are you,
but it was bringing bad luck. The guy came up to the price. Like a guy. Some guy. Some guy. And we
couldn't convince him that a it was a pen and that he could take in a pen like to write with. Yeah.
What do you think it was? I don't want to know. I don't want to know considering the shape of it.
These are very fat pens you understand. Yeah. A very fat around the middle.
You know, big boy throws my computer up. Yeah, it works. Yeah. Okay. You couldn't convince him it was a pen.
I don't know what the communication was all about. The word headphones over here, but yeah,
apparently there was this big issue about it had to be explained to him. And it really it does look
like a pen. I mean, what are you talking about? I'm trying to explain to you. I don't know and I ain't going to ask.
So once that first restart, what's the biggest thing? That's good enough.
The best challenge he doesn't know about it.
4.3560 QAM. Big sports leader.
Is that the trickiest thing I've ever seen?
Yes.
I'm gonna vote for Obama.
That's that Hillary Obama. I think that's like that. Can't win it no better.
I blow his glass.
He's me from being the fortress by next December. I'll read the.
Come on.
It is too little too late.
Spray on.
Are you a registered voter?
Oh, yeah, it's 11.45. Well, that's exciting news, man.
And you wouldn't think it's exciting. I just had a call from Montreal.
That's exciting. Yeah, at least you don't sleep till 10 o'clock this morning.
Now, that's a kind of school I would like to go on to.
I'm going to the road trip and sleep until 10 and you have a good time.
Well, that's good. That's excellent.
Anyways, 11.45 at 5.60. So people have no idea what I'm talking about.
And when I certainly have no idea what you're talking about with that pen,
you know what I mean? Chris and I missing something or what?
A guy came up there and he could not figure out that it's a pen.
Take it. It's free. Good luck.
Right. Oh, you were giving it away?
Yeah. We have never said, man.
We have the prize table here. I thought that was very clear.
We have the prize table teacher.
It was it was clear as mud because you never say anything about any prize table
or giving a guy or anything.
You just said he couldn't figure out it was a pen.
That's how we're sticking back down.
Maybe that's the standard deal.
And we're here. We have T-shirts and chotches and hats and some best of
nail CDs that are left over.
Yeah. Prices for the people.
You know, and we're not even making them do anything special to win them.
Just got to come up and ask.
And it was complicated.
I didn't think it was complicated.
How old was this guy? About a hundred?
Not even.
No excuse.
In other words, a living and breathing person?
Well, one of those two.
He was living, but I don't know if he's breathing.
Yeah.
So how's things going to go if you enjoy the pain?
Wait, it's the place that's filled up.
Let me.
That's good. What do you eat?
Fresh fries, chicken fingers, onion rings?
Oh, onion rings. I do love onion rings.
Now that would be a good poll question, although it's too specific yet.
But how seriously?
And don't tell me Burger King,
I've got the worst damn onion rings in history.
Okay, I don't want to pick on them more than I have to,
but they got the worst crappy onion rings ever invented.
They're like onion meal rings.
They're the melee man.
One thing to be melee mouth is nothing.
They have like melee onion rings.
They're nasty.
You know what?
Great onion rings was, well, they're not in business anymore.
Wolves.
I keep talking about that.
Right.
That was a place that was open for like 10 minutes.
Uh-huh.
Hamburger chain.
It was a great chain.
WUV.
Wolves.
And they had great burgers and even better,
big, battered onion rings.
Oh my god, they were good.
And the problem with wolves is they tried to expand too fast
to them and branch out and they went bust.
Wolves.
Let me, uh, Google wolves,
while we're eating.
Mm-hmm.
Maybe they're still around somewhere.
No.
Maybe I'll do a road trip.
No.
Uh-oh.
What happened?
Wolves chain files chapter 11.
How long ago was that?
That's the top New York Times.
Before Launderdale based hamburger chain is found for protection
and blah, blah, blah, blah.
Let me, uh, Google it.
February 20.
Oh, look at that.
That only a short time ago,
this story is from February 22th this year.
And what's today?
February 22th.
It's from today.
Really?
You know something?
Your site is?
Couldn't happen again.
You should go to the track.
And they got some sky food and then you're rings too.
That's right.
Yeah, they do.
Oh, yeah, they do.
Forget about that.
Um,
Wolves International Lafore Launderdale based hamburger chain
is found for protection under chapter 11 of the
federal bankruptcy and laid off more than half its office staff
in the past year.
We got ourselves in a hole,
but can't get out of it.
Sejack Penrod.
Remember Penrods?
Yeah, I do.
Who found Wolves six years ago?
Six years ago.
What does that mean?
Oh, wait a minute.
It had the wrong date on it.
It's the first that said
February 22nd and that's just today's date.
Published December 22nd, 1981.
81.
Sejack Penrod who founded Wolves six years ago at the time he
predicted we 500 outlets by this year.
Wolves now has 70 with 14 in Detroit.
Mr. Penrod estimated that Wolves lost a million dollars this year.
I'm revenues of
five million to six million.
It's laid off 30 with 50 office employees.
So 81.
They started going under.
How do you like that?
They had the best burgers and the best ending rings.
And like I said, they were bad business people.
Let's all
get out there to expand too fast.
What?
That happens.
I'll be damned.
This is a very exciting day.
I think I might lose you some money today with the races.
I don't know.
I brought extra money so that you could lose it.
You did?
How much you got?
Well, a lot.
You did?
Come 100?
Sure.
George is betting 100 to win in the first race.
I can remember once upon a time and I have no idea where I got the money from back in those days.
I was in college.
Procetician?
No, maybe I wasn't in college.
Maybe I was working, I don't know.
But it was in the early, it was in the 60s.
And it was at Hazel Park in Detroit.
I had bet $100 before on horses and one.
And I've been 100 to win a 100-place on a horse
called Carolis Joe driven by Joe Mars Jr.
Wow.
Favorite.
That's back in the day when I used to bet chalk, you know, 65, 75.
He was like even money, whatever.
So if he won, I would have made about 140 bucks.
Profit.
And as they came around the last turn, he went to the outside,
he was sitting about 2nd or 30, went to the outside to make his move to take the lead.
And he stepped on a stone, which I found out later on while he made it.
And he made a break.
You know how harness racing the horses make a break?
Right.
There's nothing to do.
There's nothing to do.
There's nothing to do.
No, they're not supposed to do that.
And they lose all chance.
They're going to hip-hop, clippity-clop, and that's the end of that.
And there went my money.
Here comes the money and there went my money.
Let me ask you something, I'd be curious.
And the horse that won the race was will-bell driven by frog red.
Now that, you know, this is like 47 years ago.
And I remember the name of the horse I bet on.
The name of the horse that won the race, the drivers.
This is an illness baby.
This is sick, sick!
But that's the way it is with horse people.
Remember all these things, man?
Sure.
The biggest bets we made, the biggest bets we cashed.
So let me ask you, why trotting?
Why not full on running?
You know, since my race, that trotters better in my heart.
No, no, no, no.
Why do they decide to trot and not let the horses run, full out, pulling the little buggy?
Because that's the sport.
The way it's happened, what was it?
What sport?
Let's start it that, in other words, who did it occur to you?
Like the history of it?
I don't know.
Why did somebody say no, no, no, don't run, just trot.
If I say an event or who invented going to the toilet, I don't know.
I mean, it doesn't make a lot of sense to me.
It's like why won't they let the horse, you know, let's see who goes.
Because they're not supposed to.
They're a specific gate.
There's trotters or it got a trot.
Right.
There are Pacers who have to pace.
The Pacers, the, I'm not going to go into it.
They're going to put the audience in a coma.
See, now you know what you want to do, a racing thing.
And I don't want to.
You might want to, but I don't want to.
I just don't want to.
I'm watching it.
You're watching what?
Oh, you see it?
Oh, the race is in.
Still tagging for more rain as HZM moves.
The Rift are only outside.
They all want to be covered in the sea.
The Elysium Mankarages, too.
Followed by Dynastia.
The West have a dolphin championship point.
With the field, it is they traveled out the side of the course.
900 feet.
They're going to the other well.
Paco by the way.
They're the agripeado.
Two legs away.
E-A, one and one and HZM.
I like that.
They're going to have safety investments and victory, Elysium.
One and a half courageous.
Because you do know that in Britain, they run the other way around.
They run clockwise.
Right.
How I didn't know that.
Well, now you know that.
See how you're learning all the time.
George is becoming a real race expert.
They figure out why they try to set a run.
I'll feel satisfied.
They teach them the gate.
That's the gate, OK?
Yeah.
Why?
It sounds like a game.
Well, listen, it's like in swimming.
Why do they do the backstroke when you're watching it?
Yeah.
Well, because that's the specific race, OK?
No.
Freeze down.
They can do whatever they want, especially
with those type bathing suits.
It just said, you know, if the question is,
Guy, I would dig her baby.
I know.
That's what I'm here.
That's what Greg Luce-Anne is telling me.
Speaking of that, the elusive G-Spot really
doesn't just say researchers.
I love that.
Dr. S. Cain will have found the first compelling evidence
that the G-Spot exists.
It would say, can I do this story or not?
All right.
It's from the Guardian UK, first compelling evidence.
But say not all women appear to have one.
That's what Joyce says.
Joyce says a P-Spot, because nobody started yet.
That doesn't mean they don't have one.
After some, Scans reveal clear,
astronomical differences between women
who said they experienced vaginal orgasms
and a group of women who did not.
Scans identified a region of thicker tissue
where the G-Spot was rumored to be lurking,
rumored to be lurking, which was not visible in the women
who had never had a vaginal orgasm.
It's rumored to be lurking.
It's like Pregno Espagetti sauce.
It's in there.
Doctors at the University of Laquilla in Italy
where the study was conducted say the fighting's
naked possible women have rapid test to confirm
whether or not they have a G-Spot.
And if they don't, they're sure.
What is that noise in the background?
They play music?
They're announcing things.
Let's be an answer.
Saying stuff.
It's not Ross Morton.
It's Ross Martin.
The location needed existence of the G-Spot
has been hotly contested in medical circles.
Brackum.
While doctors know that female sexual anatomy
varies substantially, until now there's been no
solid evidence to link those differences.
Rock solid.
To a woman's sexual responses.
In other words, I can't figure out
who the best actresses are.
Please.
For the first time, it's possible to determine
by a simple, rapid and inexpensive method
if woman has a G-Spot or not said,
Dr. Immanuel Genini.
Well, this was in Italy, man.
Dr. Immanuel Genini.
The G-Spot is only thought that's like Panini.
Ever had Panini?
But Genini.
The G-Spot is only thought to affect a woman's ability
to have vaginal orgasm.
So women do not have one.
They can still have a normal orgasm through stimulation
of the clitoris, Genini.
So, as per the ultrasound to scan nine women
who had experienced vaginal orgasm and 11 women
who said they had not.
In the first group of women, they tissue
between the vagina and the urethra was found
to be substantially thicker than the urethra.
Genini, who study appears in the Journal of Sexual Medicine,
said the scan suggests that women
without any visible evidence of a G-Spot
cannot have a vaginal orgasm.
The research supports a previous study
by the team which reported differences
in the chemical makeup of the G-Spot tissues.
Women will appear to have a G-Spot
produced specific chemicals, including an enzyme
that produces nitric oxide.
There's substance that triggers male erections.
Other researchers welcomed the findings
that said it was unclear whether the team had identified
a distinct G-Spot structure
or an internal part of the clitoris.
This may be related to the presence
of a controversial G-Spot, said 10 spectre,
a consultant rheumatologist
that's saying Thomas Hospital in London.
However, many other explanations are possible
such as the actual size of the clitoris,
which although not measured in this study
appears highly variable.
Part of these things.
Right.
Elizabeth Lloyd, Professor of Indiana University,
and the author of the Case of the Female Organism,
said scan should now be conducted on a larger group.
Is that a Sherlock Holmes movie?
Yes.
Sherlock Holmes in the Case.
No Sherlock Holmes was busy with Dr. Watson
after staying in that and the needle.
There's been controversy
over which parts of the female anatomy
might be the G-Spot and what the role of it might be,
she said.
Lloyd said only 20 to 25% of women
had vaginal orgasms during sex, 20 to 25%.
Really?
They're the wrong guys.
A lot of them are good actresses.
It never has been explained why that's the case.
It's a mystery, Lloyd said.
This paper doesn't totally explain it,
but it might do it partially,
and that could help us understand
what those numbers are about.
Adletors.
In other words, just lay their shut up and enjoy it
and pretend it.
Whatever.
All right.
Let me do my thing.
You don't have to pretend.
You know, you could do what somebody does at the door.
Yeah, well, you can be.
Not everybody is though, and not everybody wants to be.
Hey, come with me.
Come on, come on.
Some guys don't want.
Well, some guys don't care.
They're selfish.
I know.
All they want to do is do their own thing.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, all you know, that'd be great to think.
Oh, for me.
That's right.
Causes.
Speaking of dessert.
I don't know.
This pool is OK.
We got a thousand and forty one votes.
Chris is sure to have a hundred a day.
Easy, right?
Oh, yeah.
Of course.
Don't call me nine o'clock in the morning again.
Don't call me a nine o'clock.
Hey, I'm not the one that said that.
That don't call me a nine o'clock.
It was very fun.
I've had.
You know, something I've had yesterday and today to it.
And it's just coming up on noon now.
Two of the best days I've had in years.
I've worked.
Years.
Absence makes the heart grow fond of you know what I'm saying?
Absence.
Let's let abstence makes the heart.
I've had a lot of that.
That's not fond of trust me.
No.
I ponder whether it makes something grow longer.
It can announce you in the back.
It sounds like music.
It's an announcement.
I must admit.
Oh, it's a track announcement.
It's calling a race.
You got all that song.
Oh, can't sing crap going on.
Right out.
Well, what is it?
Those replays from yesterday from Gulf Stream.
Is that it?
Yes, exactly.
That's exactly what it is.
See how do you like that, Mr. Smarty?
Are you psychic or what?
I've been bothered to eat.
I've been in the show for 15 minutes.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
It's the first race I've ever seen.
Oh, great.
Really, young and flawless.
Why the hell don't you go home?
Yes.
And stop all of that or whine it.
From all the crazy who's the old.
Go back to fuel with your pop-up.
Where you feel like in my mud.
You're fair with it.
Go back to beans and there's a lot of us.
Just go away where all bad up.
And the young and flawless.
Why the hell don't you go home?
Why the hell don't you go home?
And the young and flawless.
Go home and leave us all alone.
If you're lazy, I don't want to go back.
I like shopping for free toys better.
You've got your Pokemon t-shirt.
And your Mickey Mouse here.
You've had your fun now, start packing.
So they can get you out of here.
It's at the point where we can't stand it.
Everybody's had enough.
For above all the holy young crackers.
The roof of the dust is far enough.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, young and flawless.
Why don't you go home?
Yeah, they young and flawless.
Go home and leave us all alone.
They're giving away free as in age green cards.
Can I have one?
Oh, yeah, let's get Kelly on back.
If you can get over, you can get all worked up about hotel resigning.
So let's bring Kelly on back.
Now we'll have another big sum of stuff about that.
And maybe we can reopen walls and get Kelly on some really good onion rings before it goes back to Cuba again.
Well, let us roll over here.
And among the...
What?
They're not here right now.
Who's not?
George.
George is not here right now?
Yeah, correct.
The...
Oh, I see Endrop for something so they're trying to reconnect right now.
Oh my God, are you kidding me?
Look at them, baby.
Wow, before the race is starting an hour and ten minutes, Mike, we only got like 70 minutes to get the thing hooked back up again.
So anyway, like I said, they're showing us some of the clips from the debate last night.
And Richard.
And Todd made sure.
Yeah, and when I look at it, I look at Obama.
And he sits there and he looks very cool and very confident and very, you know, very scholarly.
And I look at her and I think...
You're big, you're slut, you're war.
That's what I think of.
I just... I don't like her.
You know, I...
Forgetting about any of the substance.
Forget about the verbiage, you know what I mean?
I just don't like her.
You're not likeable.
I notice one that's...
He's not.
I guess they're doing like the introductions.
And she's just saying like all, you know, peacock and everything and he's like writing stuff down.
Yeah, she...
And that's what she's doing.
She's puffed up like a bufo toad.
Yeah.
Yeah.
She sits there like...
Like she's...
Somebody's got like a got a thing under her boobies, you know?
Like they're blowing air under her boobies.
Thank for my TV's not that well so I can't see that.
Oh, okay.
We got a thousand and fifty-one votes on your dessert poll.
Oh, right.
But that would be a good one.
What's your favorite dessert?
Banana split, milkshake, banana swaster.
Mmm.
Strawberry pie.
And I punky pie.
Chocolate bread.
It's not that crazy about pumpkin pie.
Chocolate cake.
Really?
Oh, I love chocolate cake.
What are we going to do about this George business?
I mean, he probably just started the walk away and I forget it.
So, and just then, how did you...
Where did you come up with that story about how the line went down or something?
So, he said he had text message and said, we are down.
We're trying to fix it.
And what if they don't fix it?
Well, then I guess he gets the rest down.
And then what do we do about the races?
Okay, I mean, what's the point of going to the whole thing with the Gulf Stream and the races?
If George, if we can't talk to him, you know what I'm saying?
What that does?
It's what was up on my range, when...
That's right.
It's what?
I'm sure they'll get it back up.
Oh, okay, yeah.
I have a line for that, but I better not use it.
Uh-huh.
The nation stopped federal election official to Senator John McAinius today that he cannot immediately withdraw from the presidential public financing system as he had requested.
A decision that threatens to dramatically restrict his spending until the general election campaign begins in the fall, you all.
The prospect of being financially... by the way, that story shouldn't have a lot of legs, you know, in a New York Times story, at least not yet.
About him flandering and the special interest in about getting to all those deals and what, etc.
Let's make a deal, honey.
I think they're back.
We're back, learned.
Oh, there you go, George, look back.
And he's eating.
They didn't have the line.
They didn't drop out.
He's eating again.
Both of those think that.
Yeah, well, what do you eat now?
Chicken crackers.
Now, who's bringing to the food?
Steve?
Physically, Steve, yes, but the, um, the track people.
The track people are feeding.
They have a job.
They have a job.
You know it.
Everywhere you go, you've got to be fed.
Of course, with the money they're paying in a station, you, that, it's important.
This is all part of the value.
You can't afford to pass up any free meals.
That's what you know there.
That's called, keep George alive.
And you never know when you're lost, what it's going to be.
That's for sure.
That's what I'm thinking.
The prospect of being financially hand-strung by the very fundraising system you help create is the latest in the series of bitters.
There's a lot of challenges for the presumed European nominee who still faces a fractured conservative coalition as he assumes the mantle of party leadership.
Yesterday, McCain blasted New York Times for an article out of the list that he had an inappropriate, romantic relationship with the female lobbyist eight years ago with his wife Cindy, pasty-faced, standing next to him at a boy-dare good match.
All of what is she about, 80 years younger than him?
I have no problem with that though, more power to him.
Right on his wife Cindy, saying next to him at a Toledo campaign stock, he called the report Untwool and assailed a newspaper saying it was Wajino Schmier campaign against the New York Times.
It's the old Schmier and Schmier, baby.
It gets three hours of sleep a night because she has to work the night shift even if she's going to school full time and still can't afford to provide the health care.
He just sits there very calmly and very reasonably and very relaxed and very ashamed of what he's talking about.
And she sits there like, yeah, yeah, you still some lies, yeah.
Look at her puffed up, am I right? Puffed up like a boofo toe.
They're definitely pumping air under her boobies, said air.
McCain's AIDS went on the offensive blaming the time.
Obviously we were very angry, said senior advisor Steve Schmitt, which I think he's full of, speaking to reporters as McCain flew to Michigan from Ohio.
When we read the story, my initial reaction was that this is what something you would see in the National Enquirer, not the New York Times.
Cindy McCain told reporters that she trust her husband, saying he would never do anything to disappoint our family or the American people.
He's a man of great character, she said.
That was just before he said, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, Canada.
John McCain disputed almost every part of the time, started to go sing.
He didn't have a romantic affair with lobbyist Vicki Eisman.
They never done inappropriate favors for her or other lobbyists.
He denied that part of the story, also reporting the Washington Post, that his staffers had confronted him about his ties to Eisman.
McCain said that if staffers had had such concerns, they didn't communicate them to me.
He noted that as many as 150 people worked on the staff at the time and said he had no idea who could have spoken to the newspapers.
But when he finds out, man, look out, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, their house, that's right.
Bomb, bomb, their ass.
But I think we both recognize that these problems have to be dealt with.
That's for the insurer.
One of those former staffers, John Weaver, was quoted on the record in both papers, saying he had a confrontation with Eisman about her claims of closeness to McCain.
And McCain said he didn't know the conversation until he read about it.
He read about it in the funny papers.
Yeah, the front number that's seen.
Sure.
Marlon was thinking more wine, man.
He drinks more. He liked his wine better.
It's good for your pop.
Good for you.
Have another pop pop.
And that's what Soloto said, too.
How about a few more pop?
He hit him five times, and he still alive.
He was good too, Virgil Soloto.
He has that actor.
He's damn sure he's dead.
I don't know. I can't Google the...
No, that's right.
You got no computer.
But he's dead.
He's got your 360.
You've got Carlos the film buff over here.
He knows the dead are alive with everybody.
Does he really?
Well, the guy that played Soloto with the teeth with the jaw there.
The teeth and the jaw.
Let me worry about Luca.
Oh yeah, like this.
Even Sonny won't be able to call up Luca Brasi.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, let me worry about Luca.
Yeah.
Let me worry about Luca.
I like when Luca's eyes start to bolt out of the sky.
Oh, his tongue comes out.
He's dead.
Brandon, who's the godfather, expert of all time, said he's dead.
Soloto.
And so is McCluskey, by the way.
Sure.
He was a great actor.
He was a good actor.
He was a character actor.
Real character.
First a thousand punks.
He's clean.
It's like a disease.
It's like an illness.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
I love this boss.
It was not the tenth.
discussing this again in his story.
dinner.
the dinner.
What do I do for dinner?
Dublin ordered another piece.
Benjamin trying to make it absolute.
 avira Zac-1
Esto es proto c'est simple enomination.
criteria de kidding.
And he said, get out the stage, bitch. It lost your done. You're out.
Yeah, this is your tonight bitch!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Six minutes, supposed time for Tampa Baydowns.
For the first race. This is the one that's the one that screams and pukes and yells and carries on.
It's happened. Now you can just imagine the kind of class of horse racing they have in Tampa.
I don't know anything about the horse racing.
I don't know about the class of the character. It's not like the big leagues, you know what I'm saying?
No one does like finger lakes. It was morten by the way it's still dead.
Hope.
The legendary finger lakes track announcer, see when you've been an announcer for a track announcer for like 25 years,
or when you've done anything for 25 years, when you're still working in Farmington, New York,
which is a suburb of a city of 10,000 people.
That has a lot, that has a lot about your talent.
Sorry, no, I'm just kidding.
He says,
1066, you know something before you know it will be May, we'll be talking to Dave Johnson again,
even though he's in retirement, he'll still speak to us. He'll always speak to us.
Even though I'm not working anymore.
I try to just come in here on the fifth of May or whatever, Drew B. Day's,
and I'll pot it up and you'll put him on the phone and, hey Dave, how you doing?
He speaks to us, and he'll say, retire!
And I'll say, I can't afford to, you know?
I got a lot of people on the line now. I got like a, like an a cafeteria.
That'd be a good name for my book, Niels cafeteria. I got all these people online,
like Morrison's.
Now, did you ever eat at Morrison?
What's it?
I'm gonna be honest with you. I mean, you know, it wasn't like Dubs where you could gum all the food.
It was three of those adequate.
I didn't order the right thing, go back.
We had a sandwich, you know, corn beef, something like that.
You had a sandwich and more at the Morrison's, sure.
And what happened all our customers died out or something that happened?
I have no idea.
There's no, there's no more Morrison's. I know that. I'm pretty sure.
Oh, worse.
And what's the Anubofet place?
I don't know, but I have a sizzler.
What happened to a Sadie's buffet?
Remember Sadie's used to be in the pizza lot plaza there in Davie?
I never heard of it.
You're not even close to being old enough to go to Sadie's.
I'd go, I'd go, yeah.
Hello, Sadie! What's on the menu, Sadie?
Sorry, I missed you.
Oh my god. No, you're not.
You're right.
I ate a Morrison several times. It was okay.
As I recall, I could be wrong, but I think they had really good macaroni and cheese.
Oh, yeah.
Now, you'll be proud of me because last night at Woodvine, I went upstairs to the track level
through where they had the cafeteria.
And I could have had that macaroni and cheese, which they have some of the best I've ever had in my life.
I mean, and what they do is they have like a big pan of it and they cut a big square chunk cut.
Yeah.
That doesn't sound like it.
Yeah, that's like a good.
It's supposed to be creamy.
No.
Yeah.
That's not.
It's supposed to be a little varsity.
No, it's not. No, it's not.
No, it's not.
That's not a good macaroni and cheese.
The best macaroni and cheese is like, almost like a lasagna kind of texture.
Oh, yeah.
Boss of Market is thick and creamy.
They look at the lowest end.
And here on the hill is a home buffet for all the old Jews.
So, it's, it's Brandon.
That's what he said.
Well, there's gotta be, although most of the old Jews are both devolk.
Well, you look at the changing demographic in years that I've been on here.
By the way, do you realize?
And I bet you they got a gigantic party plan too.
What's, what's the, what's March 1st?
Because this is 29.
I don't know.
Chris has the calendar.
Saturday, Saturday.
Oh, so on the next Friday we're gonna have to have my 32nd anniversary show.
All right.
Now to say, we don't you realize that March 1?
You're gonna come down to that, we'll have parties and strippers.
No.
Good.
How about some macaroni and cheese?
A good time for London to be on lunch.
That's talent.
You're gonna hold me on projects.
4.5.6.2 AM.
And the sports leader.
Everybody sing second item.
Match now settles into straight.
Third.
Two makes clear of capture the beauty now for it.
Then it's a gap of three.
Along the rail speed dance.
Up on the outside is the odd zone.
Now you have to pay the racist head of the...
You have to pay the racist head of the...
See, he's not even there.
I wonder where he went.
He's gone.
What's the love I hear about it?
No, you're not.
See, you thought I faked you out, man.
I caught you with you right now.
I like my...
When you're chickening out.
Because otherwise you...
Now to be second.
Like that.
By the back speed dance.
We know this, you gotta...
Just now I've heard about it.
I'm like a kid.
And from the outside,
Tyler's treasure...
The meaning I can have.
Just now being seen and for done.
And on the move,
with three foot on the run.
Midnight, C's still in front,
but now a stripping strike.
If you can speed dance,
going after a bit or a second.
You're right.
Cashmere, dance of his third.
Item after along the rail for.
Are you watching it?
Tyler.
I am.
Treasure on the outside of...
Frederick O'Mata,
now set shirt down for the drive
as they turned into the stretch.
Three-sixteenths of a mile to run.
Up on the far outside,
Tyler's treasure.
And Midnight's C's is now dropping out of it.
With a foot on,
still to run.
Speed dance, Tyler's treasure.
Midnight's C's,
and along the rail,
is capture the beauty.
But, down to the where,
It's speed, dance, holding on.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Here's my story said but true.
Oi, about a girl called Sifalisu.
Had a bug and ran it around.
Gave it to every guy in town.
Hey, hey, so I don't know.
Oi, hey, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug, bug.
I shouldn't've known it's on the spot on the list.
I didn't know where the urine and the drip
I bought a roll, I'll always be with you
So stay away from a symphony suit
And the turban clothes I should've seen on my side
She's no different from a friend of mine
He got infected now, I've got you too
So keep away from a symphony suit, yeah
Keep away from that girl
A brand new symphony, we'll do now
Give away from suit
She like to sleep around
Yeah, you didn't win my back in house
Oh my god
We didn't get it, now it's a car
Now I'm afraid of falling off his tomorrow
I'm just throwing it from a guy who knows
Use to have a hose where this fungus flows
And scanning through that she ever knew
I keep away from a symphony suit, yeah
I'm not that infected, that cool
What's the easy strict week we're going?
We already did that, that's why you came up with Jesus
Really? Yeah, Jesus didn't realize
But you were a miracle Jesus on there?
Yeah, oh man, strictly for good
Well, that was my idea the first time that
Oh, now you're starting to sound a little bit tinny
Sorry, and that's because the races are coming up soon
You realize the 26 and 15s only 40 moments to post time
And they're doing all the windows
The second race at the meadow is...
I cannot have, for right sake
I can't listen to him, I can't stand it
It just, it offends me as a human being
So that guy...
Roger Houston, 1235 at 560 WQAN
And...
We're public in it now, you watching that?
You can see the meadows or not?
Horse on the lead just took a bad step
There's a 40 to 1 shot
That's going to puke his guts out
No, we don't see the meadows
You've got two same before
You saw the meadows but it's a...
Well, a fairground, but you know since at all
Well, then I was watching something else
I still have to think this has fairgrounds
But it doesn't look like a meadows
Because it looks like a...
Just people talking
Yeah, we're just talking, they're handicrapping
That's the guy when a talkster was nose
The first guy had said on it some chicken red...
Yeah, and we're feeing and he's strange
I think with a red dog bomb
But it is 40 to 1 shot, I'm a lead man
How could he possibly win this race?
He's puke in his guts baby
He's stopping to a wall
Coming to the wall!
Paradise!
U.S!
A!
A!
I thought he's a crazy person
Republican representative Rick Renzi has been indicted for extortion and wire fraud
Money lottery and other charges related to a land deal and a razonah
A 26-page federal indictment on sale in Arizona accuses Renzi and two former business partners
Of conspiring to promote the sale of land that buyers could swap for property owned by the federal government
The sale later won a Renzi's former partners for-and-a-half million dollars
Nearly a year ago as Ross Story reported
The empatel congressman denied newspaper reports and rumors that he planned out of resigning as the FBI probe that it did
The congressman did relinquish all three of his house committee assignments including his seat on the House Intelligence Committee
He has since decided not to run for re-election
Good decision Rick!
Renzi's also co-chairman of Republican presidential candidate John McCain's Arizona leadership team
All right!
And the Arizona Senator aided Renzi's re-election bid
Renzi was under FBI investigation before the 2006 midterm elections
But the Justice Department laid a proving necessary investigation tools for federal investigators in Arizona before November
In April 2007 federal agents raided a sonor-de-arrasone a business owned by Renzi's wife Roberta
Remember Roberta Quinlan?
No
Especially for you
No, I'm not there
You wouldn't have it
Trust me, it's from a hundred years ago
All right
At the time speculation matter that former attorney general Alberto Gonzalez may have intervened to slow down the probe before Renzi was re-elected
How do you like that? Alberto V. A. Five, not another crook
Yesterday CNN reported indictment stems from Renzi's efforts to use his position in Congress to promote land deals in Arizona by former business partner
The Arizona Republican has been under an ethical cloud ever since the family business was raided earlier this year by the FBI
Which is investigating whether he uses federal orifice for personal gain
Renzi has never been the wrongdoing
He's a three-term member of the House Intelligence Committee who would not seek re-election
Citizens for responsible and ethics in Washington independent ethics watchdog listed Renzi and its annual Beyond the Lay report on corruption in Congress
Beyond Tom DeLay
I like that, not another Republican crook
Not that we don't have a lot of democratic crooks, we have lots of political crooks, you know
And of course that deal they crooked up, I mean crooked up in David County
Now maybe the mayor's kid can print up enough money so they wouldn't be afraid of cost of building the stadium
It's nice to share
It's right
It's a farm
It's creative, come on son, start pumping out some, forget about those tens and twenties, pump out some thousands baby
Gonna take a lot of hand deals to pay for that stadium
I bet your Chris is gonna go to some ball games, the new stadium
Who knows
What does that mean?
If he gets free tickets
I get free tickets
No, well that's 2011, you think you're still gonna be doing this job in 2011?
We shall see
And that's a good idea, if you're gonna take it, leave the door open
And then let them kick in the ass on the way out, that's what they eventually did
1976 votes on the pool, big boy finally got won
Oh my god, and you have something that's only because of, now the food is really good
At least it was a hundred years ago, I don't know about now, maybe still
But the strawberry pie, you couldn't beat it with your stick
You ever have that, a big boy?
I can't remember ever going to a big boy, if I did it was one of those very little
Hey big boy, maybe the other state
Yeah, I bet you say that a lot
What do you mean another no, I do not say that
But they have another state
I don't remember ever seeing one down here, let's go with one now
I'm telling you there's one on Davy Road Extension, if you'll just listen to me but you won't
What?
You know Davy Road Extension, we're at $5.95
Right?
And there's a head gas station with the godfathers in them
Remember the whole busier, and they started bringing back godfathers in the head gas station
And you need some of them to give a lot of gas
Yes
And right, Kitty Corner next to that on its same side on the, um,
Now which way does that go Davy Road Extension is at East and West?
No, it's North and South
Correct, that goes to Agil for a while
And on the North-Ans, end of it right by $5.95 is where you'll find big boys
At least it was there, there used to be Shoney's big boy
And Lice's big boy
And Shona
And man, the best strawberry, I don't know about their punky, but they have the best strawberry pie
What the fuck is that?
Nothing that is down
What?
What?
Give it a try
Thanks, sports leader
Are you well, Steve?
All right
When I'm on the campaign trail, it's my time to talk smack
I tell some wild stories to cut down the rack
And I won't let up
Until Hilloriz won
So hammer away
Cause I'm a bad bill cleaner
Bad bill cleaning
Bad bill cleaner
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-paang
Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-apa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-paagh
Bad bill cleaner
And when I make a speech
He was eyes open wide and up on the streets
Cause he thinks that I've lied
Then I'm mess with him, baby
Slicking my disuch fun
To go vote for my lady
Cause I'm bad built clean turn
Bad built clean turn
Bad built clean turn
Bum bum bum bum bum
But I'm bad
Bum bum bum bum bum bum
Bad built clean turn
Bad built clean turn
Club 46 is 560 WQM
We're getting a lot of tension building in the year now
Oh yeah, I can smell it, it's so thick
Or maybe some of the cut one there at Gulf Stream
Already above
Oh my god
Anyway, let me take a look now
That rambling that's going on
That's simulcasting, it just never stops
Look at that, it's placed in a Dubai
Right
Tomatoes, stamp of A and Gulf Stream
And look at that
29 minutes to post time
You will first raise
The 5 is scrap, see it's helpful for me to see that
Cause if you're going to hand you crap or raise
If you're going to try to help you lose some money
I got to know who's the apple you're
Red, if you're not in it, it's kind of hard to win it
You know what I mean?
Right out
So the 5 is out, I was at the horse you liked?
No, good job
No, Georgie Chavez, but red humor
Was 12 in the morning line, outside or?
No no, contender
No, I like Bella Bella
Bella Legosi?
Yes
What do you mean you went to Bella Bella?
No, no, no, I like that
That's just, you know, just picking names
Oh
That's just Bella
Bella is 9 to 2, how the hell is that possible?
I don't know
I don't know what I'm doing
It's easy onsen, they're all ready
Look at that, there's already a money in a pool
Who's getting the early money?
The 2, look at that, Georgie's on to something
You're with Edgar Prado, great jobie
And who's the trainer?
The trainer is Larry Pilotti, never heard of me
Love his exercises
I like to 6, BDBT with John Velasquez
Hey, Barcois on the 8th, what's the 8th horse?
And the 9 is taking some money
The 8th 3, 1, the more in the 9th, 2 to 1
Luann Z with Eduardo Nunez
So you should go get some tips
Because you speak all these jockeys language
Or should it, like, where do I go to get those tips
Hang around, where the jockeys hang out, like at the stables
Going to the jocs room, huh?
I'm also about their height
I could wear a jockeys outfit and infiltrate
That's right, you go in there and like, you get some good inside information
And maybe take a few showers with the guys
I would say
Oh yeah
Now let's see ET beer, he speaks English
Edgar Prado, Corningo Velasquez
Elvis Trujillo, John Velasquez
Josue Archie, Archie, I don't know what that is
JOSU, how do you say that?
Josue?
Oh sure
Stada's way
Ibarcoa, he used to be Ibar now, he's Ibarcoa
Eduardo Nunez, manual crews and Remundo Fuentes
So almost every year, like, water two jockeys in there aren't Hispanic
And yet it's all our
I'm gonna go there and say, can't buy our gunnar
You think that's all?
Steve Shapiro died his hair, that's the Spire Report, I just got my monitor there
Steve Shapiro died his hair
Who?
I'm dying out of the way
Steve Shapiro, Shappy, the sports guy there on channel
Oh yeah, like I know
Shappy
You know who he is, is Chris Shapy?
Yep
Not on one Steve Shapiro, real
Not much of anything
I don't wanna say
Puts
Oh
Still what I thought you were gonna say
What do you think I was gonna say?
No
No, no, get out of here, is you think the whole world is dead?
No, I don't
You do, radio and TV
No, I do not
I don't care, say I don't care
Alright
Hillary Clinton, here's quite a story
Who's a campaign that spent this past several days pointing to instances of borrowed language
And the speeches of Ravel Barack Obama
Is being accused of lifting words from one very familiar politician
Who has been former President Bill Clinton
During last night's CNN Democratic debate
Clinton looked to highlight occasions when lines used by Obama
And resemble those used delivered by his friend and adviser Massachusetts Governor-Deval Patrick
Clinton's closing answer which brought the audience to its feet
Highlighted or personal struggles and the difficulties facing ordinary Americans
You know the hits I've taken in life are nothing compared to what goes on every single day in the lives of people across our country
She said
Shortly after she delivered a closing remark
A reader of Joshua Micah Marshall's Talking Points memo website
noted that the line seemed to bear resemblance to what her husband was coded as delivering during his 92 campaign
25 minutes to post time by the way
The hits that I took in this election are nothing compared to the hits of the people of the state in this country been taking for a long time
For us, the husband was coded as saying an article by Anna Quinlan in New York Times in November of that year
Last night, Hillary also said
You know, whatever happens if we're going to be fine
You know we have strong support from our families and our friends
I just hope we'll be able to say the same thing about the American people
And that's what this election should be about
The Obama campaign immediately began circulating a similar comment delivered by former presidential candidate John Edwards
What's not at stake are any of us all of us are going to be just fine no matter what happens in this election
What's at stake is whether America is going to be fine Edward said during a December debate in Iowa
And not only that but I think Obama said
The and and and and no
He's ripping off the big tree
Got the crap already
This is the problem and with American with the whole juvenile mentality of most Americans in the world
What a little guy campaign what a cheap enough
He's got that puffed up chest
They got that bicycle right that kicked dirt up in the air
Oh not and not gay but gray
Gay Steve Shapiro said they died his hair gray
You died your hair in shape
Shap up, Shapi
That's what he said
Look at that the nine's taking some serious money nine to five
I was seeing the morning line
Three to one well he was the favorite in the morning line but he's getting he's getting a wallet
But the two there took some early money bellabella now how did you pick that?
Bellabella goes in
What's yours now? How did you pick that?
It's my daughter's name
It is? Yeah
How do I know what I know?
You know they unwanted what?
I am the one and one
I'm the hunter and he said I wanted the hunter and I'm the hunter and I'm the hunter
When I was the Luxor again he's dead
Oh wait no the hair was gray and now it's brown
Well maybe got some oregano too polished left over maybe they found it
But you can go with bellabella he's five to one
I think I will
You got a ten horse field here so maybe you want to bet him across the board
What does that mean instead of just following instructions this time?
Like when place show is up with that means?
Yes
Wow
I heard it's up there
Wow now you're almost old enough to go to the track regularly
I got the white hair
I don't hear any slots going off I don't hear any bells
There are there's people at the slots there just there's a partition
When you said they're off
They're off at a distance the slots
But they're like on the other side of a partition so there are people
You know closing their guts and hearing bells ringing
I'm sure that there's probably way more activity going on the second floor in the main nox
The people that really bugged me are people that like maybe hit
You know 500 on the other side of the board
You don't hear that? You don't hear the portions
No I can't hear that
The year the silence go on here like crazy
No, there aren't any
Which is unusual
So I'll look at that the two second more money again 9 to 2
The two is definitely taking money the two is alive as they say
As opposed to dead as a door now
So I think you made a good pick good jockey at your Prado
Alright
And of course we don't want to go with the truck
We could bet the daily double you could like um
How do you want to do this?
I don't know what there is to do
I don't have any idea how much you want to bet there's whatever
It's a freaking post-time man
I got it
There's 11 horses in the second race
You could bet a dollar double wheel 11 bucks
Two all
Okay right this does Steve Steve here
Is he improving in this or not
He's not he's not up and down
He's different your expertise
What expertise I don't have any information
He doesn't claim to know anything either he does how to do it but he doesn't claim to do it
Not saying if I have the race handle on my mind
I might not pick a good winner I might
But it's worked out and I was in the second time we did this in both times
Third I've got three winners in four races
This is the third time
This is our third time
That's what I said we had two previous times
This one I just got through
Don't pay any attention to George
He's surely because you've got no drums there
That doubt
George
Like I said he's got his little sack
His sack is 1087 on Christmas pool by the way
Which one I think a good bet would be five bucks across on the two
Which it becomes in second you'll make a couple of bucks
And if he wins then you've got your double going in the second race you don't have to bet
So that's 11 and 15 is 26 bucks
Can you handle it if you want to bet that my
I got it
I mean you've got it
Why don't you throw money away on an unknown quantity here
Whatever
And unknown a host of a different feather we still got 21 minutes to go
You're going to send him to bet
Yeah
Now you know what we're betting
He's listening
He's right on the start
Two offer a dollar and five across on the two in the first race
All right
So 26 bucks
Well I sure hope that Edgar Prado knows that George bet on the two horse
Bella Bella
That's your daughter's name
It's a nickname
Isabella
Close
Belly dancer
You got it
What was the name?
Aire Bella
She's an Arab
That's right that's the church made the first time
I'm sure it was this is fun the first time as it is now
Well she's not listening to show she's a little girl in school for
Everybody else does
Just like my little boys in road trip
Oh my god
Yeah something if you ever would have predicted this I would have said yeah you're a crazy person
You're crazy person
Oh you know made a great parent you're really good at having and having a good time
That's all part of it just because you have a nervous breakdown that's it's see it's the ones that don't care that don't have nervous breakdown
Those are the bad guys
A good parent
If I'm going back up to five to one now you do realize that you're going to make a few bucks if this baby comes in and if maybe one of the long shots comes in the second race you could have a nice double there
I'm a whole lot breath
Yeah hope that your favorite doesn't fall down but like stumbles out of the gate and comes out about 20 lengths behind
And then like the longest shot in the board wins the second race
I don't know how many horses are in a second race because they're supposed to be 11 I believe
But if there's a scratch I don't know about you are there 11
There are no that I'm looking at the four
You're looking at the four but that doesn't tell you whether any of them are scratched
It does not yet no I just start up there anyway
So you don't start giving me instructions just because you touched a couple of tickets with my assistance
That's right start playing Mr. Hodge I'll play the note nothing
I've lost a lot of races in my life
I believe you I've thrown a lot of tickets on the ground
I wonder how Julio Pazua is doing
I wonder who is still alive
Julio Pazua he was one of our favorite trackies that caught her back in the day
Mike and Zalos Julio Pazua
Jose Valer's Jr. who's riding in Tampa now
Wow that's scary
Now what are we showing are we showing the O2 minutes to post time at Tampa
We're not going to catch the call of that screamer
Yeah, unless we hurry up
Get names of the best talent
This is Neil Rogers
4.5.62 am
Thanks for this leader
A lot of the two hours
Oh
I'm dying on the air
I am he has the top and the top
I'm dying on the air
I know the worst football team
That's the good one
The way they played this season
Made everybody scream
It seems to me that losing
Has always been their goal
And every game they play
And should be called the stumer bowl
In their life
I am he's dolphin
Oh
I am he's dolphin's number
How many teams in the league that are two
I am he's dolphin
I am he's dolphin's
If you're their fendil single blues
The dolphins had them tamper
And one thing that I learned
He had the fand all wishing
That next day then would return
If you think he's a winner
Then you have lost your mind
The next thing he'll be coaching
Is beyond employment
Blind and there
I am he's dolphin
You're buried
I am he's dolphin's number
How many teams in the league
Good, he killed it
I am he's dolphin
I am he's dolphin's
There's something you scrape off your shoes
The dolphins have gone back
A ripped-eater back
If you think he's the answer
You must be smoking crack
You know they could have gotten
Someone good like Brady Quinn
The way they waste their draft
It's nothing for the syndrome
They're the
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Number How many teams in the league
I am he's dolphin's
Miami Dolphins
Their talents
Scouts don't have a clue
The dolphin games are boring when they're on the radio
And everyone was put to sleep by Jimmy Submolo
When he is calling play by play
It's the same old tune
And just so managed
Had a job on Sunday
I've heard tunes in there
I am he dolphin
I am he's dolphin's
I am he's dolphin's number
How many teams in the league
I am he's dolphin's
I am he's dolphin's
I hear the fans begin to snooze
I sing the songs of dolphins
He's hired Bill Parsel's
And I don't have to tell you
The way that drew the smells
They say he'll solve the problems
I wish him lots of luck
No matter what he tries to do
The two will always suck in there
Look, Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number
How many teams in the league
I am he's dolphin's
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Now they're through
104-560 WQ
I never gave the schedule for it
I'm sure the audience is on the edge of their seats
We got the jerk show from 2 to 4
Wow
And we have Mad Dog 4-7
You and the bass ball
Bass ball
The umpshis
Joseph Gacken
And the DH show after the bass ball game
Wow
Here's an email on my myspace
About you
It's a jerk sound stone today
Today
That's what the email is
Not yet, we've got the schedule
It's not a matter of fact
Sam says he's bringing a package by for you
Sweet
But he'll make it out there on 3 o'clock
He's going to stick around waiting for this guy
No, Sam
Now he'll be gone
Long gone Sam
So uh, just a secret
This is a fridge
Here's the fact that it's more interesting
They look at that 5-1 on the 2-I like that
When it takes a hit of a road and that goes back up
It gives you good price
It means it could pay about 13 bucks to win
Deer Neil, they never was a big boy on baby road extension
There's Shownies Waffle House
Has gas on that side of the street
Maybe somebody said that to you
Hey boy on the road
I see
Don't they usually say hey Taylor
No, what they said was
Hey boy, what's that in your mouth
I see
But anyway, no, it was as see
They don't people don't understand
Shownies was part of the big boy chain
Shownies big boy
And all those other ones I said before which I forgot
And then that's it
So maybe it's not there anymore
Lies brothers or Shownies
They're showing off what was
And maybe now it's the Waffle House
Maybe a big boy out of beddin'
I don't doubt you
I just don't remember ever seeing one and I know I have a winner
They didn't even there many times
I love actually operate pie men
And the swim jib is the other funky sandwiches
They don't remember every easy got a big boy
But you missed out let me tell you right now
You missed out if you missed out wugs and big boy
That's me
I'd go and jump right from the roof of Gulfstream
I didn't miss out on wugs
You didn't? Did not
Hey, you hear that?
Yeah, 9 minutes to post photo
A fast old ricker
Fast old
Yeah easy
He's okay
Why are you saying?
Don't tell me we got Roger Houston again on the race
Oh yeah, there's Dave Polar
We...
Well, you know, our beer
I don't want to hear that. Anyway the two is five to one
And they're coming out. How does the two look?
Bella, Bella. How do you see him?
I didn't take note. Why not?
They're showered then but I wasn't looking
Did Steve go and place your bet?
Yes he did. Now I will say this
I looked up at Google during the break
I googled a thing
with the handicapping picks
And they picked the four horses in the first race
in order that they liked the best
And the two was not included. They didn't like the two at all
And the one they picked on top was the six
Which is why I said
I don't want to say after the race
Because I told you that thing about the kid I went to college with
Right. Well, I had to win every race after the race was over
Oh, I told you so I tell you like that
I like the seven. I like the mom
I won't blame you
What? VDVG
If I lose, the great John Velasquez, the six horse, he's four to one in the morning line, he's seven to two now
And the brand and say, Shownies is still there
But now the guy says that Shownies is waffle house, so maybe it's not Shownies big boy
I don't know, maybe I'll Google entering the next break
A lot of Googling going on here
Seven minutes to post time for the first race
So we better do the break a little bit
You know, I want to make sure we don't
Right off all over
I'm going to run to the bathroom now, it's sad to us
Are you getting excited? You know it
And then of course we're at double, I mean when you see that's the nice thing to wheel a horse in the double and then if your horse wins in the first race you don't have to make another bet
Because you're live in the second race and if anybody wins no matter who it is you're going to cash the double
Right, one of these days all the time you just said
Oh, you're doing another hit nine to two, that looks good baby
See that's always a good sign when it goes down, it goes up and down, up and down
Like that
You know what I mean? No
The six is taking some money too, he's seven to two
Yes, he's doing other words when he was he was took early money, he was what was he? I don't remember what he was
Early favorite I believe in the six, yeah, four to one
No, no, the two I'm talking, oh, oh, eight to one
And he went back up to five to one and I was back down and I did two again which means he's taking money
Now maybe it's because all of our people out there are punching their guns
That's right, everybody's got their heads shut on the listen to that
Everything that we're saying now, we're right
I doubt that Muccio, not that crowded Gulf Stream and they're too old to be listening to me
We're turning it into our crowds, see our crowds showing up a little by little
We had a lot of people come up to the table
You did? Well, I didn't tell us things like that
I did, no, you did not
The guy with the pen, the other end
And? Oh, no, there were other people but I'm not going to mention them and bear us then they'll go running out of here
You had the phony quarter-schlock guy
Right? That's pretty sad commentary when you got pretenders
You have your A-holes and then you have the A-hole pretenders
That's what I always wanted in my life is to pretend to be an A-hole
And of course now if they don't have to pretend anymore
Maybe with a lot of practice you'll become a real
Right, oh I'm, oh look at that 4-1
The two is taking late money baby, look out now
Woo!
I know spare life now
This is no longer the only one
The box needs 20 cigars
4th leader
In your sleaze and they can still kick butt
They'll need a rambo round mobility chair
Dad just love the freedom he gets from his rambo round
And I love it built in rocket launcher
And inspired by the new rambo movement
This mobility chair is everything the elderly could ask for
People used to kind and further me at the grocery store
Not anymore thanks to my rambo round
Excuse me, excuse me I was here first
Yeah, whatever granny
Rabbit this part
Who's got an Intimus back there?
Hydro first blood, not me
Look at your love one
Rambo round mobility chair today
Rambo round
Seniors never die
We just need a
Oh
Oh
114 at 560 WQM
Now they got the fairgrounds odds on there
They were just showing us some changes the third round
So I don't have, oh there it is
There's Dubai
Wonder who in here I sure hope they don't show me this undelayed
Wouldn't it be bad?
Till it's still a poster for some other guy
One minute Dubai
What about a costume?
Are they at the gate yet?
No they're going there but we're one in a half
Yeah, they're one in a half
They're indigated to buy and really pisses me off
I might not have the racer on them
They make tape
They make tape it and play it on what they have on them
Where do you watch the other channel?
The racing channel
It's called HR and I don't know what it stands for
I have no idea
I used to be the racing model
I'll turn my microphone way up
So that it feeds back and you'll be able to get the announcer over here
But who that wants to do that?
What I could see it live, man
I know
Now what's the story there?
Because they're loading into the gate if the Dubai is a 10 horse field
And they're like about six of them in there
Now hurry up and get this damn thing over with already
Wait, you silly ass brits, eras, whoever the hell you are
I'm one of those brits still doing over there working with the eras
I think that goes way back when
We're just talking about Lawrence of Arabia
That's right
Hey Lawrence, you're fair
Larry, so that happens with Mary and Fury
Oh look at this, they got one way back there behind the gate
The race is in Dubai and this horse is in Tel Aviv for Christ
What the hell is going on here?
They're at the gate over here
Oh there they are, there's the first at Gulfstream
Thank God that the horse is way down to Roheys and Hallamdale
My grading spirit
The two is five to one, nice price if he wins
Right
Nothing's a nice price if you do the thing
VDVG coming forward
VDVG looking for the city
I don't want to say it, let's see if the two breaks
Say Abrocha, rub your rosary beads folks for George
I'll rub something
They're at the gate
They're at the gate
They're at the gate
They're at the gate
They're at the gate
They're at the gate
Oh second
The round Z popped out of the gate goes up to the front
Leave the other two to the inside
Leave the other two to take over
But it's she's acting good, Dubai Grace VDVG
And right between horses, Mary Foxes, they run up the back stretch
On the far outside, Guilded Death
He picks this one way
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
For me, the turn, Mary Foxes link the top five behind them
On the right side, look at that, look at that
Which talk about, would it be three, gonna have to make up?
Then she's acting good at the rail
Guilded Death
On the left side, they run up the back
And in the back, they run to the outside
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
And in the back in the back
45 and three to half
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
And in the back it's Warham in the sun
The blue and Z takes the lead.
The blue and Z takes the lead.
It's a photo for a second.
I think you got third, but you might have got second.
If you get second, you'll be alright.
You get some of your money back.
I'll be happy with second.
That was exciting.
Sure it was.
Not exciting enough because it's been a lot more exciting than you want.
Then I looked like he was just staggering there in the stretch.
I don't know.
So what do you think?
Well, and then you'll tell me because they'll put it up on there because we got the vinyl.
This was very slow to move.
Slow to move.
Oh, that British sound, man.
It just makes me, you know, how come he didn't say...
At a wedding.
Yeah.
I mean, he's ain't no Trevor Devon.
But then again, who is?
So the shoulder replay was still at no.
But you still not going to see it.
It was close.
I think he got beat on it.
So you should have said that.
Yeah.
Not good.
So you get a new track show money there.
So maybe you pay like...
It won't pay squat because the favorite one.
And who was the other horse who was the horse that was second?
Oh, I'm not sure.
No, I don't know.
Why don't they show him the stretch replay now for crying out loud?
Can you figure this out?
I can't.
I mean, they show him the stretch.
Maybe he bucks to show.
See, that's for the 750.
From the 26th box.
So why would that wheel thing or is that the...
No, of course not.
He didn't have the race.
I don't know what that means.
Are you alive with the wheel?
He's got a win the race.
And you're alive in the double.
I don't want to do this means.
All right, no, I know.
I'll tell you what it means.
It means you lost about 20 bucks.
Oh, well.
I'm going to lose some more on this next one, too.
You're going to plunge on the second race, too?
No way.
Why would I not get about double or nothing?
I thought I made it because I'll leave it after this.
There's no more double.
I don't know what that means.
The double is on the first two races.
Okay.
I mean, they may have a late double on the last two,
but you won't be there because they are the same thing.
I'm not saying they come back.
We're not the package of drugs.
Now the second race.
Now, are there any scratches in the second race?
I don't know.
I don't know yet.
There's 11 horses in the second race.
And let me see.
I'll take a look at it during the break.
Now, who is the jockey on that nine?
That was Abar Koa, I believe.
No, it was Abar D'Aunus.
It's just one jiggy jogger.
He was just toying with a field there.
He was even money.
That's why he was just kind of walled seeing there in the stretch.
He could have probably won by 10.
Easy.
They don't like to do that because then it cuts the price down next 10.
They run.
So they got a facial up there yet or what?
They got the photo, knee photoed on the toad board?
Wait, he's pointing.
Steve.
Here's the official.
Wait, eight and two, yeah.
I told you.
Well, you got third.
That's not good.
See if you're going to held on for a second there.
You had a good price price.
You had been okay.
Oh, lot.
But if...
Well, third gets me something back, right?
Yeah, you got to show money.
Like I said, I'm going to get about $7.58 back.
Whatever.
For 26, that's not very good.
Now we have to start working on the next one.
And the good part of it is you had the lead through most of the race there.
In the mid stretch, he still had the lead.
It looked like the nine was hanging on the outside,
puking and gasping for oxygen.
And then the last sixteenth, it was like the two was puking.
And after the puking, man.
We're going to put the prices up on your element.
You're going to be really depressed.
What do they...
What did they take you off at?
I can probably tell you,
I must have already changed my odds here.
Well, you'll have to because I don't know what I'm looking at.
No, they don't have it up on them for you.
Well, you'll tell me.
Steve will tell you how much you got for sure.
Let's see.
Oh.
460.
460 to show?
Yes.
That's not bad.
That's 1150.
So that means you lost the 1550.
That's not too bad at all.
I thought you lost the close to 20 bucks.
460 is a good show price.
The aid must have been a price.
What do the aid paid us a place?
Uh, I don't know.
Come on Steve.
I don't know how to read that board.
He's up.
He went to the window to get my money.
Well, you'll see.
You're going to get 1150.
I'll see.
I need a touch of this later.
I need a touch of this later.
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
I need a consult about my...
It's fun.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman is on to five.
Airman has about five
Airman has about five
When you do, there are just easy to tell,
Cause your head's no longer ready for you,
You can't get your own distincties or treats,
But your being's right to decide that you please.
Roger Sessy's innocent,
For his trainer, Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
Friday and Saturday,
He gave Roger's white to stop,
For his twins, who lay up so she'd look for,
But the playlist family says it's a lie,
He should shove his new engines in his eye.
Roger Sessy's innocent,
For his trainer, Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
When he spent five hours telling him,
Said it has been quite with many screens.
And he tried to convince him that it's the people's shelter,
Maybe it's reason for greed.
The rocket's green.
The rocket doesn't understand all the fuss.
Work out hard and you can bench press it for.
Take your fire and it'll mend just like Jack the lane.
Then maybe you can outrun a train.
Roger Sessy's innocent,
For his trainer, Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
All right.
Before Roger met his trainer,
He had a party like Connie Jones.
Now his legs are freaking massive,
But unfortunately like us,
Well, he is home.
And like us for her,
Well, he's home.
When he started out and got his first win,
His next challenge was the same as Lake Error.
Did he have a former seat in his pants?
Did he give a stop to any pets?
Roger Sessy's innocent,
For his trainer,
Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
Ho Chi Co Chi,
Mac the meat,
Says he's got needles in you.
Where's the way Paluchi?
Okay, that's the wrong sport.
That's harness racing.
133 at 560 W.
I got you the horse.
So I know it's down to 3.
So I want to see what you got.
The one.
The one?
Okay, so that's what we're looking at.
The one was 12 to 1 in the morning line.
He opened it 4.
He went up to 9.
He went back down to 4 to 1.
And the one,
You know where the one is from,
Where he raises from Ontario.
All right, making a horse.
And now he went to 7 to 2.
How do you like that?
And he's red.
Well, that doesn't mean he won the race yet.
No, no, no, no, I just thought like that.
I would train her Danny, her tank.
They're so good.
So the one in the morning line was 7 to 2.
He's taking some,
Now 4 to 1 again.
You ain't get decent price.
It's a 11 horse feel.
So this would be another good race to bet 5 across.
Okay, so if you lose that means you're going to win a blues in about 25 bucks.
That's not so bad.
Ain't worried about it.
30 bucks.
What do you mean you ain't worried about it?
Whatever, I've heard how to have a great time.
That's always crying.
Like that.
That's so as you can hear me anyway.
I cry a lot too.
I cry a lot in the closet by myself.
I've got to get positive long time ago.
Thank you.
So there we go.
The one horse in the Shepherd street with Georgie Chavez.
Right.
Iceland jockey with trainer.
That's what we're doing.
That's a lot.
Oh, look at that.
The owner is the trainer.
Dan Hertack is the owner.
Wow.
How do you like that?
I don't know where that means.
Does that mean something?
Well, of course it means something when you see a lot of people like that.
That means something.
But I don't want to like knock their price down.
Now I want to get these people all bent out of shape.
Because we've got probably at least three or four of our people.
You know, they're the trend.
A couple.
Do you think?
No, you said a lot of people came up.
Seven or two, he's getting hit again.
Look at that.
My, my, my.
Look out now.
And how much we got in my minutes to post them.
We had a long way to go.
So make that thing.
Play the song.
You should play a song.
Spits of wax.
Why?
It's a kill time.
Come on.
Let's get this race going.
Come on, excited.
What do you mean to kill time?
So in other words, the show isn't going on today.
Just because you're there losing your ass at the Gulf Streams after this.
Well, he's got the fever, baby.
He's got the fever, folks.
I knew it.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
He's got the fever.
For the rest of the world.
By the way, do you like it?
Maybe I do.
Oh, it just started too loud.
Sorry here.
How about it?
Yeah, that's better.
Well, you know, we're at a track.
Here's even better.
Like that.
1115 votes on Chris's point.
You made your 1100, Mr. Haunt.
You're not sure how much to do today.
Did you?
You're talking to Chris, right?
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Oh, man.
The long, man.
The human, the six is taken money.
Here he's seven to two.
He's five to one and a more in line.
Cornelio Velasquez.
Dixie finds.
Now, let's see.
This is for four-year-olds and up.
There are, let's see, the 11 is a five-year-old.
The 10 is a favorite.
And the three and the six and seven are five-year-olds.
I didn't make that much difference, I guess.
So five across the board are our claimers.
One.
Five across the board are the number one.
And the one.
All right.
In fact, let's see these doubles.
What does that mean?
One.
And what does that mean?
One and one.
How can the double be one and one?
Didn't the nine win the first race?
Yes.
What does that mean?
Is there a double on A race?
I can't tell you what anything means.
I'm beginning to think that there's a daily double.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't know what kind of bets they have a Gulf Stream.
But there's a double on every two races.
I mean, like the rolling pick three, I don't know.
Must be.
I don't know.
It's gotta be.
It says on the form here, daily double, exacta and pick three,
pick four, weight-winged, I don't know what that means.
Doesn't make any sense to me.
Daily double three and one is 999 bucks.
Well, whatever.
Okay, forget about that.
Okay.
Well, no, because we're not gonna be on the air for the third race.
Oh, yeah.
And there's no excitement.
There's no possess.
That's another thing.
You know, I can plunge on these two races, and then I'm not here.
I'm not gonna stay here all day.
That's right.
I'm gonna stay there all day.
No money.
Who's the baby's no money?
Who's the baby's no money?
Who's the mortgage money?
Who's the mortgage money?
Yeah.
Well, there's some other people probably do that for you.
Who's who?
They're dad's.
They're dad's.
They're dad's.
They're dad's.
Four hundred and five sixty two AM.
The sports leader.
The boy is a boy.
The boy is a boy.
It's a moment.
I didn't want you to enjoy.
I was always easy.
Oh, dad, the way you're doing.
Hey, then, Dan Moan.
You take me to the boy's.
You're going to die.
Oh, no.
The boy's at the door.
The boy's at the door.
The boy's at the door.
It's a moment.
I think you're guessing with it.
When you don't enjoy the ride.
And it's better than that.
Hey, then, Dan Moan.
Let's try it one two three.
To defend it to dad.
You'll be in the back of the door.
The boy's at the door.
Hey, then, Dan Moan.
When I choose my own toy.
I'll go ride with I don't.
I'll share one one one.
Hey, then, Dan Moan.
Please take me out of here.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a hot toy.
It's a hot toy.
It's a dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty, dirty.
Hey, then, Dan Moan.
Just do anything you can't say.
It's a trick.
So it comes.
No, record it once.
Just pretend that everyone would misunderstand.
an, pace me elbow.
It's a video of this Pilot Three in Thread try to apologize.
Yeah
Okay 143. I heard you's our on the track, baby
Of course, that's got to be on tape. It is the post-array. I'm watching on tape and
One is down to seven or two again
He went up to four to one right to back to four to one and out out of seven to two
He's taking some money on it. Of course that doesn't mean he won't erase right
I'm playing the board is one thing but you know running the race and this is a short race the first race with six four long
It's the quarters of a mile. This is only five four longs. I see
Got it. I got it there short race
So that means if he like gets left in the gate or something like that or if he's busy taking a dump
I was in the gate when he opened the gate up if he's gonna hit by a bolt of lightning. That's right
On the first season reach the starting gate. It's post-time
Well will begin for the second race
Shepard Street the first to 1-M
That's our here's Dixie fine becoming forward with Mizzou Tiger and
There's still some more than I see that I'm fun. I don't need to see him. Okay. It's too late everybody
I don't need to be followed by jump. Oh jump. Oh my god. Where are they doing this to me?
Well, which three had you narrowed it down to
Here's all this cat we're asked are some kind of magic number eight and
Kind of a mess and who number 10 the 10 the charm
Tenses but he like hope I'm gonna be the one but three to one is all the one is three to one though back up
The board. Yeah, yeah, wow the tenders took a big hit three to two. We took a plunge there at the end
Late money on the 10 man a plunge and if he wins you're gonna say see we kind of have the 10 and
We have a committee here at the table here the
Depper cap that I saw I went with an unwiggy
Is that big ass on to you there were a lot of the fronds in my way or
Are you watching the same picture that I am?
Ponging the way up. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. Yep. You can go in the
Express and you see the track. Yep and a royal star. I mean
All in line here we go. They're all right. Those are not here. They are there are a little bit right and a one got away
Good. You got his away going right to the front and it's shepherd street on the inside
I'll quickly for the lack is right on the side some
Some guys because the or that means as well royal star on the far outside
That southern formality in fifth is they move into the turn
Catalina expresses next on the far outside Zeppercat after that comes Mizu
Tiger
He's been a win-win right to the back quarter around the far turn shepherd street on the inside
Some kind of magic royal star outside of them to the expected tricky lack of him Catalina express
Zeppercat on the outside must see this cast west along the rail into the stretch shepherd street
Star second
It's not a little bit of stress on the far outside of Zeppercat
Oh
Yeah, I express and tricky last now. It's tricky like in Catalina express tricky. Like over Catalina express then Zeppercat and jump oh
When you raise not us
Someone else my phone's ringing. Oh, go get that. I don't have any film music here. You got any Chris? Yep, okay, oxen
That's the kind of off beat beatbox
For your update wasn't bad enough. It's it's an automated call from the card
The back to this told me that Pontiac that riff me off I
Don't even know if it was third no, it was not third. It wasn't even this for me for you was author maybe more
Don't do that. What about a face in a spotification man? All right. I won't tear it up
That's one thing you got a little
Man, I'm in a direction the inquiry goes up on the more I didn't want I didn't turn all the way up
Oh, it tore happening. I'm not objecting because he puked his guts out. I've just to that you could I told you a staggering in the stretch
He gave it a good shot any pup
Am I right? That's too much is in a row you led throughout you let's you're out the race and they came to the mid stretch and
Like that oh George, but I mean I'm gonna peep my guys that was Georgie Shavans there
I thought was giving them a serious ride like he was really serious and then I know
That's the end of that
So you lost about 40 bucks there today no no twang about 30 yeah, whatever
Well, you had a great time and the best part of it is it's not like your horse got left in the gate
Neither race and like you know was a hundred and I wouldn't have picked any of these anyway
Or I mean the ten that probably not
The ten one ten was second, but I probably wouldn't have picked it. Well who won the race?
tricky like five the five never would have touched him wouldn't have touched him with the ten to nine
So the chalk was second three to two who'd help one say right who wants chalk man?
You know the texture and feel of chalk
Even this is not what it is. Yeah, we'll even snug it. There's Dubai
The goal is coming
So is Glen Nevis King Charles
I'm trying Glen Nevis is all of the crumb well
Let's get us to win
Glen Nevis first
Yes, yes
Here it up
Here comes the bunny and there goes George's money. Well, this was profitable last day. Whatever
Well, I give you a good chocolate. I had a horse and I was trying to wait just wait for next time
I'll get it out back a walk in the mid-stretch man
You stopped to a crawl hands and knees
Georgie Shaw has needed an oxygen tank out there and needed to lose about ten pounds of weights to on the way
I thought you had it there at the top of the street
We too, but you know that's how good the horses on the outside look like we were puking see if I have gone back there like what like dressed like a
Jackie like we discussed and I wouldn't know yeah, after you do next time go in here and infiltrate the Jackson room
That's right. Oh, it's some good tips. Hey, who's sticking this race and who's gonna give it a shot can va are gonna are
1121 votes on Chris's pool what restaurant chains got the best desserts. I don't eat dessert for him at 18
That's been leading all day. They don't they don't they might like dessert, but you know what they don't want they don't have
Cheesecake factory wins overwhelmingly which goes to show you man
Why there are so many people who just love vanilla ice cream just you know plain hey, you know what in the times that I went there
I don't think we had the dessert. Maybe that's what's good there. No, maybe that's the only thing that's good. No
Did you have dessert there? Yes, okay then how was she's man that's that was I from how was she's I mean you know your sweet
I know my sweet. It's a treat to beat your to read beat your suites on the Mississippi mud
Cheesecake factory 376 melt and look at that they win by over 300 votes melding pot is
66 so 310 vote margin. It's like a they got it early
But even so Denny's 52 and now that's how the commentary went Denny's number four must be those mother humber pot. That's it
God stake in shake 39
Now I'm not one of those people that goes inside the fact I think in Tampa
I've actually gone inside and sat down eaten inside and maybe got like a hot fight Sunday or something for dessert
But I remember where there was good, but they got to be talking about those shakes, right? I'd add it
Staking shake it'll make you inside's quake. Baby. It's good stuff 39
Grand Lux Cafe moved up with 32 if if if cheesecake factories got 376 Grand Lux Cafe out of have 3000 but it doesn't only 32
There's no accounting for taste
Friday's 32 Applebee's 25 Ruby Tuesday's 19
Or it's been a long time since I eat Ruby Tuesdays
Yep long-horn steakhouse 18 Chili's 18 Roadhouse Grill 14 Venegans 12 and big boys only got a pair
That's probably because I don't know whether that one is still a big boy. Now. Maybe it's maybe it's shown these waffle house now
Showing up. I don't know
No, nobody seems to know these things
So there'll be a couple of people remember that great strawberry pie from big boy and those slim gyms and stuff like that
Mmm, and good stuff. It's from just was a sandwich. You're saying yeah, it was a sandwich
Like a roast thing for something like what like what what is it?
Hands oh cheese melted. You know, it was really good
But that's how many years ago man. That was the last brothers big boy. They were all over Detroit. It's a Michigan
Chieng Michigan. Let's go to Michigan. What are you saying? No, let's not
Can't live in the past baby. You can't live in the past live in the present. That's what I always tell you
So I guess you had a good time out there. I always have a good time here
Have a good shot at it. There are two races in a row and you realize that if if it would have been a two-month double
Air might have been okay might have been about 50 bucks
I guess it was always a sure thing that what would the excitement be wouldn't call it gambling that would they?
Oh
Boy oh boy already he's starting to rational right okay, just wait. I'll make it up next time. I'll just bring more money right then that's it
And instead of losing 30 bucks into the last day that's right I can do better than that you could have by 20 across
They're on the one and you would have gotten back the same thing you're getting back now
Nothing Zipini Duda Zipini a wow oh wow
It's sound and so gay hey the good time is priceless. That's true. I think you could be you're one of those people could get into it
Yeah, I am have to have Steve there teach you how to read the racing forum. That's right
You come out there bring your own special red pan or whatever the circle the highlight of yes, oh boy. I'm a highlighter kind of guy
Real degenerates instead of all wasting all that time you know smoking dope and getting laid and stuff like that
Later
My amie tell
Anybody
Nobody here, pounded sandstone in its veins.
Meanwhile, the sun which szlkes covers thether,
compliment fixes the surrounding surrounding areas.
Peas after 60 years have already 3000 miles into the Galaxy.
in New York.
Can anybody hear?
Sing good, fresh and doubtful
through the moral, louder time?
He's not the sick that you'd ever should be
for he's done, taking a shower with his soul
Aversions eyes with what the White House is being for
for it is Christian to know what's best
for you and me, a member of all that we
He was in some people, in other words,
do we have anybody here?
Please sing, child, to lay with me
for the skeleton, to talk to a whore
These kind of silent, they longed and can't pay
for what?
Abraham of doubt, too, and come
Bye, bye, bye!
The biggest name of this calendar
for Miami Dovens, football
sports radio 560 WQAM
You have first a company of men
Oh, Dyson!
