The need of Ryzeah hasroadsed down to the U-Dyre of Pines.
64OO said, five
₱ 4.5x, the U-N-N-D-N T-N-T
and Ryzeah Wilder balls
border upgraded to vaccines,
But by now we have long-knocked news.
The U-N-M apostle is now Корstvanschus,
and Winglouche Radoore Studsman
and Ryzeah Wilder Patriots,
So...
20 years ago yesterday, Bobby couldn't be the same thing.
And not by his own hands, he needed whatever he wanted to have.
People even remember him from the start.
So...
When running on too much fire and catching desire,
Makes some dumb ending, couple,you know.
So we knew that that would be
When we got used to believing that
4 Oops
Every
The
word
Maybe this is something
A miracle here
Reaching out the way
This was called a home
King Alexides and Cheers
April 1, 2000.
Hello to the 560CWM.
Happy Friday to you.
Happy Friday, Chris and George.
Yeah, well thank you.
Well thank you.
And Justin said, Justin in New Yorker has been bitching and moaning and complaining about
the archives.
Yeah.
Thank you Neil and Eric for getting the archives back to normal.
There are no more chipmunks.
I'm a loyal fan from New York City who listens to the archives every single day.
In other words, I have no life.
Thanks again for getting them fixed.
My life is now complete.
In other words, I have no life.
That's a boy Justin.
Good.
You happy about that?
Exstatic.
And kind of find out that there was a bad card in the building.
Right.
So they had 18 and teens until midnight last night.
Now there's no dropouts.
No, at least they were here.
Yeah, it was where their cards unfold.
You know something?
I don't give a deal.
Of course the ancient spades.
Okay.
The fact of the matter is this has been going on intermittently for months now and only when you go ballistic.
Oh, well, do you maybe we better get 18 and two here and do something?
These are the most clocked.
It's just, I'm not going to get started again.
All right.
Well, that's all 12.
How's that?
That you can get started again.
What do you mean by that?
Well, whatever you do.
What's the other you want to do?
Do you mean the two?
No, no, thanks.
Well, it's not going to get me started.
I don't want to pay.
Yesterday when I put you on there at one o'clock when you agreed to do it, which I appreciate
Muteo, the back of my head felt like I was going to have another shot.
That's what him was going to do.
That didn't tie to think because they took me here what you were here.
Well, no, that's why I kept playing little right.
I kept recording it and playing verbs on the ear because nobody would understand what a
word it has to say to you.
It'll make you airstakeless.
It's just a combination of all.
I mean, this has been going on for a long time, too long.
And your fat astralural manager, you know, oh, gee, the economy is so bad and we can't
still let you pause.
Yeah, everybody's all a bit.
It also something that's your problem.
I didn't tell a beastlies to lose millions of dollars overpaying for the dolphin rights back
the first time they had him.
I didn't tell him to pay, lose a million dollars a year for the stupid ass marlin rights
that nobody cares about.
That's their evidence.
That's their problem.
But in the meantime, they still have a responsibility to give us a technical look.
And I can't promote this, but we're going to have the kind of numbers we had yesterday,
which is a disgrace to the entire radio station.
In fact, if you put us and the ticket together, it still sucks.
I do like that.
We put them together and it still blows.
In other words, oh, still equal.
Oh, last time I checked, it could be wrong.
It was pretty good math.
So you're going to kill the show what you've done.
That's one thing.
That's bad enough.
But don't kill me.
I'm not going to sacrifice my life because Joe Bell is a jerk, okay?
Because he's a jackass who doesn't seem to give a damn.
Have you heard anything from him about the technical situation?
No, I don't.
I haven't either.
Talked much to him.
I know last Friday, a week ago, he gave out my email address.
I told him, I told him, I told him, he almost fell off the pole, but he was still in the middle.
Nobody can believe that.
It's a general manager of a business, the boss.
He gives out somebody's private email address to some anonymous jerk.
I shouldn't drink.
No, maybe he's a nice guy that though.
Obviously he is a good guy because otherwise he would have given it out.
Right.
It's just the idea that nobody is that stupid.
Even a child knows better than that.
But not Joe Bell.
Oh no.
It's a big joke, beautiful.
I thought you'd want to hear from your fans.
So Dave Japhson is going to be calling at 11 a.m.
I noticed that they were poxicking along that phone thing again.
You don't have the phone box.
But he'll be calling.
I need you to tell him which line to be calling on or what?
Just to stay blind and all the way according to Chris, that's all taken care of.
Is it?
The police are you and you believe Chris?
Who else?
Why not?
He's never lied to me.
Did I know of?
It's not a question whether he would lie to you.
It's just a question whether he is getting the right info.
Well you know what we could tell him that?
We did.
Okay, that.
I was sitting here about half an hour ago.
I was sitting here at the center.
Like the hat.
I said to Chris, what's all this?
Oh, there were checking out line 12.
We're checking it out.
A shout out to you, Ben.
Now, when you want to punch it up now, how are you capable of doing it or what?
Oh, it's going to be a little late for the next.
A lot of two.
Okay.
So Dave will be calling in 11 with his losers.
I mean winning tricks.
Can't believe you want to get a big round of prickingness.
I'm going to really let him have it about that.
That was his.
An active, it was just non-acceptable.
Unpergivable.
And George is out of the classroom right now and we're going to have George bet on the first two races
from Woodbind today.
I've already handicrafted.
I've already just been, Stein is in the first race with a horse that has no chance.
I'm like, I told him, I'm not going to have your bet on just an slime.
This goes, I think, he's pretty.
You know, I mean, I'm super, or I mean, I'm pretty excited.
I mean, if he's pretty and he had a chance, I love just an slime.
I think he's a good rider, but never less.
Time of Pizzoa was pretty damn good rider too.
Who do I like in that first race?
The one in the five.
Well, the five is called C.C.
And if anybody knows about C.C. on the one.
Here's the poll from yesterday on.
I had that big meeting last night, you know, and the CNN was hyperventilating.
They were all around Hillary's house and come to fight out.
They weren't there.
That candy cow.
He was out there cowering out in the, uh, in the woods.
I think he was taking the lead out in the woods, actually.
They had a flood.
But they weren't there.
Just amazing, watching the media run in a mile like a bunch of chickens with their heads cut off.
Of all the public places to contract germs, which are you most phobic about?
Man, there's 43 votes.
I want to end it.
I got the other one on there for the weekend.
The presidential poll.
9.52 we got.
When we get to a thousand switches, that sounds kosher or what.
So that's how it is.
9.52.
Toilets, foods, toilet and 703.
Don't be looking at any toilet seats.
It's my best advice.
Public toilets, fleshly, verse 164.
Well, a lot of fear about public toilets.
There are some people who can't even go on a public toilet and know that it's this trip.
They're so uptight about it.
They have such a phobia that they're just scared and upset.
Somebody drops some gigantic germ on the seat or some horrible disease is waiting for them inside the bowl.
Maybe there's a big serpent inside when you sit down and read it and write you in the ass.
Back up.
Who knows?
I don't know.
I mean, when you got to go, you got to drop any comments.
No, that is me.
None.
No phobia is 126.
Door knobs and handles, 88.
Medical office waiting room's 51.
Hand shakes 43.
I wonder if that includes fisting.
I mean, what do they call it?
Fist pumping?
Fist pumping.
Yeah.
I like to have a racquet in his wife's head together.
Fisting.
Hotel bed in 38.
Payphones 29.
Handling money 20.
Space 0.
Fluy.
Nothing worse than dirty money.
I'll take it though.
How much you got?
Water fountain's 22.
Daycare centers and elementary schools 20.
Restaurant glassware and utensils 10.
Foceted handles 9.
Salad theme room 8.
Stratnischine lever is lever is 7.
Espoir to ribbons 6.
Handling gas pump nozzles 6.
I like handling gas pump nozzles.
I like when you are school a little bit gas.
Really?
Oh yeah, that's the thing.
You don't like to smell?
No.
No particularly.
You don't like to smell gas?
From off-ball to the end.
Definitely not.
Of course you can't afford to waste it now.
You drop like that.
You know, a little bit on the ground.
That's like five bucks worth.
Gotta get your storage out and soak it up.
Or just bush it up.
Scalant bar tongs 5.
AT&Touch pads 4.
I never really thought about that.
Maybe I can give me some plastic gloves.
There you go.
Computer keyboards at Internet cafes 4.
Elevator Touch Tads 3.
Hand Wires and Paper Towel Dispenser is 1.
That's at 9.52 on the floor.
Or 2.000.
That's not a good pull.
It blows.
Although I mean the one for the weekend about who do you think will be the next president.
It's not who you like or you're going to vote for.
It's who do you think?
And I even put Bobby Bar on there.
You know, he's the Lurichan candidate or will be.
Bobby Bar with the mustache a little nasty.
See, Lurichan's like a pretend that they're like, oh, they're really open-minded.
And they're against big government.
And all of them are much of fascist is what they are.
Remember when they used to call in all the time Lurichan?
Mm-hmm.
Back in the day.
He's the conact that he's tested lately.
Oh yeah.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil.
Lurichan's stuck, okay?
So it's an Bob Bar.
The fact that they got this Hitler looking guy with little mustache.
That's gonna tell you a lot.
We've already got fascists running the country.
So I guess what difference is in me?
So we'll switch that when we get to 1000.
We're gonna like handy crappies, races, upside down, forward, backward.
I mean, the Belmont tomorrow.
Anybody that thinks big browns gonna lose that race?
There's only 10 in the race.
And the only horse that everybody's looking at is that the Japanese horse?
What's the name of it?
The Hyrule.
Well, come on.
You're supposed to be the racing guy now.
Oh, it's called the casino drive, okay?
With a good product.
That's the Japanese unbeaten horse.
It was only one tour if you race it, I guess.
Not that big browns run that many, but there's always some Japanese horse who runs across the track on a slant.
Oh, that was bad.
Sorry, sorry to write Asian listings, okay?
We apologize for previously not.
Lighten up a little bit.
12 minutes after 10.5, 60 WDQM after our extravaganza today, we got the jerk show at 2.
Mad Dog 4 to 6.50.
Because it's 5.50, we got the Marlins in action again.
Well, we don't have the game.
We got first pitch for just the agrar.
The pregame report with a whole bunch of spots, change spots.
And that's 10 minutes that you'll definitely want to catch for sure.
Because the Marlins lose not just most of the time now, but all the time.
And we lose every day.
Aren't they falling faster than a boulder into the grand canyon?
First half by the soul, second place though.
What, by last 3.5, 4.5 games?
I think they're in second by 1.5 games ahead of the advantage.
No, I'm talking about how much behind the sleeves.
Oh, yeah, they're like 2.5 games ahead of the advantage.
No, no, I think it's 4.5.
You're not catching up.
It's a little off your one last night and they lost.
At least 3.5.
No, it's not 3.5.
What?
Not that far.
Wrong.
I'm going to look at the national extend during the break, okay?
I think you're so full of it, it's coming out of every corner of your body.
The offensive tonight was Kimbabou camp, where 7.8 must miss radio.
And then Curtis from 8.9.
Curtis?
Marlins is 2.5 back, like I told you.
Where is Lutz's name?
Where's DA?
This is his first week to be with 8.9 and he was a beast at one night,
and now Curtis is runnin' on the line.
I don't know.
Whatever we got, we got.
Take it or leave it.
It's that 12th Friday you destined.
Marlins to this purple flag.
You're one, four, five.
Good luck, one last.
Our body goes.
You want to make the world complete?
I know.
And I can't wait for you for your team in the home.
For the youth.
Here for me, 27.3 years.
Now hold on, hold on.
Let me give you a quick, you all alone.
Hold on, hold on.
You're not good for a part of a puddle with mommy.
Now hold on, hold on, hold on.
Tonight too, last year we had horse racing, but we got.
So there was porn.
You like it?
No.
What happened in George?
You get kicked in?
I was a little off the beat.
All right, I must not have been potted up.
Maybe I cut out.
Here's George.
You better not be a smart ass.
I'm sorry because you were cut out.
I was covered yesterday.
I'm serious.
If I wouldn't have bailed out at one o'clock, I'd be dead right now.
I think.
It did this how good.
My hand was going to explode.
I just, you just can't do that.
You can't sit here with everything.
There's a little grain technically around you.
And listen to, up.
Five by ten.
Yeah, for four hours.
Oh, well, they're on the phone right now screaming at bitching at AT&T.
They're all upset.
Oh, great.
And of course, it wouldn't, it wouldn't you know that it was just some piece of equipment,
some card inside the building.
Am I right?
About that.
I made that up.
Am I right?
You're right.
Not this building, that building.
That evil, festering, rat-infested piece of turd man with the roaches and the bugs.
I remember I had the Humphrey's talk about that when he read that thing.
You do feel the swamp land and the other place road.
You can pass it with air.
And I call it the swamp, because it was in the middle of a big swampy field.
And everything smelled like spell for inside and out in the water.
Didn't come out of the space.
And it smelled like a spell for it.
I hate you.
Oh no.
I'm just telling you right now.
And then he really threw his smell in that which he started hanging out with.
Oh my god.
The stench of Kalmano was all over that pair.
Scurran.
And what about the scurran and...
Roll!
Is he still across the street or what, Chris?
Do we know?
We're just here on one of those new flangels stations that has a...
Oh!
Yeah, I think it's all one of the new stations.
Is he really?
He leaped up.
Of course, who would know they don't have any audience?
I mean, we're searching for an audience now.
The only silver lining I will give you from yesterday's book.
It's a number of road test numbers.
And of course, the current is too stupid to know this.
But if you extrapolate, at least if his number is around you at 2554, man.
Yeah.
Are you listening to me?
You're right here.
It sounds to me like you've got the microphone and you're sticking it in your...
I've got it, but no.
Well, that's what sound like.
That's what it's about, too.
Anyway, if my extrapolations are right and if we did have around a four,
number we had a three-five in the month.
Right.
But then if you take away that two to three hour,
oh, and we had roughly a four,
that means we had a six in 2554 in the month of your month.
What about that?
No, that again, it was a accurate month.
That's not the right one.
I mean, when you're dealing with Terence, who knows what he's talking about?
I mean, you turn on.
Oh, the word of promotion, meaning we don't have time with you and you.
All you want to do is bellyache and make trouble.
Oh, oh.
The animal was worse being saddened with, well, we got the three of them.
We got Joyce and Joe and the jock, Lyra.
The triple J range.
It seemed worse than the triple K range where we had the Christmas part with Bob Green at that.
It was saying a lot.
Oh, yeah.
That was bad.
Everybody was silly and bitching each other out.
Bob Green's wife, his ex-wife, was getting into a big thing with Cheryl.
Wow.
And the food.
I mean, now I'm going to take a little bit of a red and a little bit of a true and tobacco.
That was the worst.
It was the dog who was the world.
And the dogs were turning around and putting that food.
The wife's heels were taken into the mud.
She was screeching at me about it.
Really?
She was there?
My wife?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't go to Christmas parties without her.
She don't let me.
I don't remember that.
Well, the last time I saw her was at the sun's dining weekend, probably.
I was thinking of a very upset because I was finishing talking to some listening or something
or some other stupid cars or whatever.
She got upset.
I mean, as she wasn't a busy guest, but I could tell she felt I was shining or something.
No.
No.
She loves me.
Yes.
Why is that?
Because you put food there, Rob.
Oh.
Strawberry Rotten could in the late last night.
Boy, the media was all buzzed about this.
Oh, there's a secret media.
It was a dying fine-stand house by the way.
It was not a Hillary's house.
They kept showing his Hillary's house.
And there was nothing going on.
And then there were a whole bunch of FUG's pulling up and there was just a stunt thing they were doing.
There was nobody there.
Maybe they were bringing in the hockers for Bubba.
I don't know.
He's probably hanging out there.
We need to think.
Probably.
So that's the thing about them.
If there was a real marriage, if anybody believed that they were actually like
reading Mary and Mary in the North Cuffer just convenience, then a might be a different story about his hysteria and his
obstinatutin and his obnoxious behavior these last several months.
But to the fact that it matters that everybody knows it's just a marriage of convenience.
So it's just a power trip.
That's what it's all about.
The partners.
Yeah.
The partners in crime.
Similarly, Matt Late last night with Barack Obama, they have to say she would end her quest to be Democratic nomination and endorse the almost under.
They have to people who are practically screaming, screeching, and you'll lost coming alive.
Hang up the pants suit and get out of our face already.
Go away, bitch.
I see a Obama campaign official confirmed that Obama delayed his departure from Washington yesterday to meet with him at her home here.
It says, this is wrong.
It was a dying fine science home.
So even the Associated Press, even this morning, they're still right in crap.
Earlier, Clinton had disavowed efforts by some supporters of urge to Obama to choose her as his running mate.
She is not speaking to Vice President.
He and no one speaks for her about her.
Communication director Howard Wilson said.
The choice to her as Senator Obama and his alone.
Clinton was playing in the federal Washington Saturday to thank supporters and urged him to back Obama's candidacy.
But as she was bowing out of the race, supporters in Congress and elsewhere were ramping up a campaign to pressure him to put him around her on the ticket in the number two spot.
No way. No freaking way.
I'm a green with you.
Sometimes I think, well, you know, she's got all those women all wild and whipped up whatever credibility gap close to Lloyd.
Yeah.
So close to supporters, nearly two thousand house Democrats from the home state of New York switched their endorsements to Obama yesterday.
A public announcement from the 23 New Yorkers followed two days of private phone calls weighing her up.
She was justice.
Bucky is never as good representative Charlie Wrangel of Clinton's mood on the call.
She was justice. Bucky is never.
In other words, he speaks Charlie Wrangel.
I mean, I can't make up my mind about him.
I don't know whether I like him or I find him obnoxious.
I don't know.
Although he's no else trapped in.
I'll say that for no.
And who is, right?
Then again, who is?
10-20 states will be got the day Johnson going to be calling his love and a talk this morning.
Hopefully giving us some better pics they did in the pre语ness.
Otherwise, he'll have to retire.
Now the biggest name of the next challenge.
If you love it, you're fine.
I'm being a fourth leader.
Now it's time for medical moments brought to you by Broward Health.
Hi, Kim Bocaver here. We're talking with Dr. Andrew Ellowitz and orthopedic surgeon with Br-
and Dr. Andrew Ellowitz.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
Welcome to the show.
We got a station where some of the hosts can't even pronounce their names well.
Can't even pronounce their names well.
Do you know we are going to pronounce their names?
It is impossible.
We have to pronounce the names well.
We have to pronounce their names.
wages. Their idea of a contractual relationship is they send you a check and then you show
up for a read-day. Right, give you nothing. Nothing makes sense or do nothing. Yeah, that's
right. They give you nothing, no ass distance, no promotion, no anything. They give you a
technical toilet and you're supposed to make a goal out of a, you're supposed to spin
gold out of dog poop, you know, it's just, I don't know how you do that. Yeah, that's
right. That's what we're supposed to be doing here. Spin gold out of dog dropping dog
up of the system. Right. Is that who did it? That's the one. He's fun gold out of straw.
See, that's the way we, that's the long-done. All those scary tales. You're better. I did
have a nice interlude though yesterday afternoon, I said if you were a little bit better,
so I called my cat guy. I didn't want to drive because I felt a little bit woozy, you know,
woo, but I'm never too strict to go to Woodbuy. And I was fat there and I wasted my time
on that wheel of fortune and waste and, and that was even after an hour, 40 minutes. That's
not too bad when I'm not paying much. And I talked to myself, boy, this is really boring.
And so I got up and I went back to that quick, quick, quick, so my favorite machine and I
won two grand in about 10 minutes. Not bad, huh? Nope. 2016 fixed bucks. That's the fun
game. It's expensive if you're going to play the, uh, max, the nickel machine, but if you
play the max, it's 10 bucks a hit. Wow. 200 credits. Yeah, that's the new deal now, man.
All these, um, nickel and dime and two cent machines with all the multiples, you know, and
people think, oh, it's only two cents a player or a nickel to play. And then you wind up
if you play in the maximum or even a whole bunch, you run up $3 or $6 or $10 machine.
So how's the machines they're at Ghosting right now? Am fear was there anybody there? No,
they yet. Well, why not? Well, because it's early yet. Here's the new poll. Who do you think
will be our next president? Not the who do you want? Who you going to vote for? Who you
rooting on? But who do you think? Rock Obama 14, John McCain five, Bobby Bar one, I don't
care one. I was the first 21 votes. There's the first snapshot. 22 votes. 15 for Barack
Obama. The only thing I'm really worried because 40 years ago yesterday, Bobby Kennedy was
assassinated and not by some crazy loan gunmen. There were 12 bullet case things in the pantry
at the ambassador hotel in Los Angeles. How did your hand, sir, hand fire, 12 shots from
one gun? I don't know. He loaded quickly. Security guard. I mean, they know who it was.
Well, the security guards just got a little jolted. Well, he was a plant. He was a plant.
And that's what Bobby, you're dead, you know. So I'm pretty worried about that because
the, you know, if you want to rock the vote in this country, if you want to be anti-establishment,
sooner or later they could like JFK and like Bob, well, the Kennedy's in general. Of course,
the mob also had a thing, you know, pop up and the mob leaders. There's certain powers
that you don't cross. Otherwise, you wind up in a box or in a, but the case may be, I
thought that was still a idea I had a couple days ago. I agree with you. I mean, at a time when
the earth is in peril and we're trying to like do the best we can for the environment.
Instead of wasting all this land for these giant lightest cemeteries and bearing people in these
big caskets that take up so much room, right? How about just bearing people straight down the,
you right? I believe there's that people there. So the horizontal are bearing people's vertical
and they are stacking people? Yes, they are. I saw it like to see that, all depending on who's the
people. Who would you like to be stacked with? That's a big good whole point. I'd like to be stacked
between them. Steven Stray would be one of them all standing there. Yeah. Just bearing you straight
alive. Wow. You still won't watch that movie, don't you? Wow. The cover look, the cover look,
the cover look, I don't know. The cover look, I don't know. The why? The cover look.
Let us start coming down a little bit, Mr. Eurick, golf team park right now with a bunch of
horses. There are no horses raised in there though. We got sandal cans. Right. That's why we're
picking woodbind. Not because I'm here in Toronto because woodbinds right up the road because I go
there many times a week. I don't pay any attention to horse racing. There is not sand. Why is it
well I mean you're supposed to because for years I was a horse guy but yeah I just don't really
care. I wouldn't mind going out there. I never really thought of going out to the walking ring and
watching the post parade when Justin Stein is riding in the race you know get up close and
push him. Yeah. Yeah. That's a very good song. Those little jockeys man they're really surprising
though. Can you imagine how strong those guys must be? Why are you? Strong is going to act
like this. Because the horse weighs between a thousand pounds and a ton. Yeah. And we
real skinny horse weighs a thousand pounds. And these little guys are sitting on there holding
another deer right? Right. And a horse wants to run you know he's to and they're riding back
there. I don't know I'll let you know. It's easy. He got a new ghost. He ate a dangerous sport man.
The jockeys the little jockeys the underrated little man. This that's true or it's hell
saying. Don't you? I'm going to write the little man. Don't so be short. I was sorry. They
already did. My love. Who do you think would be the next president? We got 54 votes then they're
already in just a matter. Oh there's my hammered octah. They're talking about these
bookshed from 9-11 you know. I think the best thing is if they would tell the truth to be good.
Somebody would tell the truth. Right.
54 votes. Who do you think would be the next president Barack Obama 39? 72.2% of this audience
of course. John McCain 10. Bobby Bar too and I don't care if it's true. I should care but you
know what I don't want it. It's what they're saying. I told my god. I told my god.
How dare they drag the good name of the United States of America through the mud of
the dog. We're saying. How dare they drag the good name of the dog. How dare they drag the good name of the dog.
He is really middle and over and over and over and over again. That is right.
Has the breakfast of Madden Thruck's gun.
I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm here. I've reached thousands people to
our Napaard doc. Let's explore the next death. Hey, there's royal groupie goddess.
Going after the dumb two. Lake Edo's thama. There's no longer Madden out. The name is Lodin.
Let's know a stupid learn of me and complacent. Little even every word of this hard-killing
administration. That control is by bare for me. I'm a declaration.
I'm a right wing. It's really little or it over and over and over.
Our head. Yeah, I ragged.
So we're in the massive Thruck's gun.
The last civil right is the Rice that we're taking. We're all the facts now. Not saying I drop this thing.
I have nothing to hide. Trables, fuckers, dollars, I have. I know being an adult don't have any
reservations. Out of provoked battle and word of annihilation. Over a sea of small and
out of burden and dope. With no objection at all. Just like crackdown out the fall candle.
Like wing and drilling it over and over and over and over again.
Oh my god, I ragged as dumb. We're in the massive Thruck's gun.
Only a ragged as dumb. We're in the massive Thruck's gun.
But your faceь pain that building with only the membersd on a bottle of lead lead leading lead.
Elaine, Robert climbing the building at that�ppy开 climbing building, yeah.
Why? Right along. True.
I love the headline in this story, The New York Times.
Senate panel accuses Bush of a wreck exaggeration.
It wasn't exaggerating, it was lies.
Why are they so afraid to say lies?
Because the Vice President and the National Security
Advisor at that time, time to unleash a liars and colon
powe liers.
Because they're all together.
Along the way, Senate reported endorsed by Democrats
and some Republicans has concluded that President Bush
and his age built a public case for against the wreck
by exaggerating available intelligence by lying
to their teeth.
And by ignoring disagreements amongst the by-agency
of the Iraq weapons programs, and Saddam Hussein's
alleged links to Al-Qaeda, which of course were not
resistant.
There wasn't Al-Qaeda in Iraq before, and now there is.
The report was released yesterday
after years of partisan squablin, and it
marks the close of five years of investigation.
And you know something?
Well, the media all looked up about all other SUVs
in front of Hillary's house.
And we know he thinks he's in there or he wasn't there.
There was nobody in there.
Maybe the maid was in there.
Maybe Monica is back in there with Buello.
Who knows what's going on in there?
Maybe Monica's our niece again.
That's some of what you're going to see
about the Iraqi threat turned out to be false and hardly new.
But the report based on a detailed review of public statements
by Mr. Bush and other officials is the most comprehensive
evidence to date to assess whether the policy makers
systematically painted a more dire picture
about a record was justified by available intelligence.
Richard Carc was not with Keith Overtman last night.
Yeah, he told us his way back in the beginning.
Way back at the beginning after the record time.
Oh, well, we don't want to look into him.
What does he know?
He's an old young provocative.
Yeah, let's let's character.
It's not the data.
Right.
And now that Scott McCombs spill in the beans too.
Oh, well, he's a jerk.
Oh, that's just great.
He's just loyal.
Right.
And the meat doesn't, they don't care.
This just could be one of the, I mean, they could be screaming.
They should be bluffing.
People should be splitting their wrist
and news media on camera.
Well, they're at all the two.
They're bought in paper.
Oh, that's true.
I forgot about that.
84 votes on the pool.
Now, how are we going to do the thing with the day
or how am I going to know when he calls?
I will let you know.
You'll let me know.
Speak.
Now, maybe you'd like to, for my benefit,
I'm going to say very calm.
Let's see if the back of my head is still there.
It's still there.
Oh, yeah.
Remember, there's a prudence film,
since we're talking about assassinations.
Right.
A case assassination when the back of his head blew off.
Yeah.
And that's how I feel.
Like, although it's much better a day
than it was yesterday.
Yesterday, by the time I got out of here, man,
I thought, oh, a murder.
I really did.
I thought it was the end.
This night, my friend, like that.
Was I just saying before that?
Oh, that was the first day.
No, we must be calm.
Right.
But Chris is going to share with us
whatever that song in advance was about the phone system
that you gave me before the show today.
Which song in dance was that?
Well, whatever they told you.
I also was.
Whatever song in dance you want to do.
You want to do tap dance, like Hillary Craig.
You want to do the Charleston.
You want to do the nice potato.
I don't know.
What do we want to do?
Do we get to get the line 12 to work?
No, no, no.
No, not about line 12 about what is going to happen
about something.
What they're doing.
What we have to do is I didn't know we hadn't
do news this morning.
We don't have any news.
No, there's nothing to do this morning.
So in other words, what I'm being told by Beasley Broadcasting
indirectly through you is that there is no piece of equipment
that will operate that phone system, other than the one
they're containing back that is older than the Doomsday.
That I have no idea.
I was going to tell you that the system that we have
to take phone calls right now and George will
recall that way back in the beginning when they installed
that system.
We said, oh, this is a piece of crap.
There's much better one that we used as I would.
Oh, no, this one's great.
It's good enough for Stern.
It's good enough for I was.
Remember those days, Joe?
We, you know, piece of crap.
That's what I'm telling this.
It's Stern and I just have dedicated phone answering people
that have nothing right or to do than to fit there in tight.
There's a system that we had before could do.
You could enter everything and do everything which is one hand
off to the side that was very simple and it was very easy.
You know, they get in the order.
Yeah, it worked.
It worked.
It worked.
Right.
The test back when we had Bob, what's his name?
The end to the corporate chief engineer.
Bob the loop.
Bob the loop.
Yeah.
Oh, no, we know what we're doing here.
Bob, Bob, Bob.
Pretty much no matter what we said from the time we go,
especially if I if it came out of mind off you're an idiot.
You don't know what you're talking about.
Now, you're recall back when Buddy,
but passion bought I.O.D.
And I can't say too much for him because he was just a lunatic.
But I will say this, like, technically,
whatever right you did, right.
Right.
You need the DCS.
Right.
Right.
In fact, they had, remember I had too much equipment.
They actually had as this we knew what we were doing.
And as if we were like in broadcast, you know,
as if it was like a real radio station right,
we're going to put it together the way we wanted
and we're going to actually have stuff that worked.
And as I recall, most of the time it did.
There was some issues, but that's because there's some
of the local engineers were idiots who always were among them.
I made this people with all the car that.
Oh, Roy Trashman was the genius.
Oh, my God.
Take it.
Always beware.
Let me just say to this,
that anyone in the world,
be very nervous about how to discover that.
Be afraid.
Even Roy Rogers.
How's that chain he's coming?
Which, somebody bought it out, didn't he?
Maybe it's part of the Hardies chain.
Maybe.
I'm going to open me up a Hardies restaurant just for me.
I'll show you.
I'm going to enjoy those mushroom and Swiss burgers.
Man, those things are awesome.
I'll show you on the Belmont space with Gilles St. Camarol
as big ground works for the Triple Crown.
Dave Johnson will become just a couple of minutes.
And today Gilles St. Camarol is offering advanced weight training
at the Belmont State starting at noon.
Tomorrow, the Belmont will offer 13 races starting at noon
and the Belmont State will be run at 6.25 in the PM.
Have a good DM in the PM.
A big ground.
Tomorrow, the doors will open
and about 10 AM in the windows will be opening at 11.30 in the morning.
Phil Kramelke has center staff for his most comfortable fan friendly place
to watch and plan on racing all year round.
Plus, there are two great Christina's with Vegas Las Video poker games
and no limit Texas Hold'em.
And mission's self-parking free too.
From one information called 954-4547-1000 of visitgilles St. Camarol.com online.
So go and punch under the bell, Mount Tomorrow.
Thank you, beautiful Gilles St.
So what's happening there right now?
Anything is a kind of quiet, scuttacquired.
But people show it up.
I guess it was a regular that we didn't have it gotten and it knows that.
But people show up around 11 o'clock.
You had a long line of comfort.
Do you like we did that this Saturday?
No.
And they always jolly jolly.
Oh, this is really good.
They're full.
I should have said yes.
America, we got to as many people left after what you've done.
The main has come along and not just all by himself,
but he's been more responsible than anyone since he's got the title.
He has the mantle on his head.
Just destroyed what it took me 32 years to build up.
This droid is broochered it.
Like I said, I can handle that as long as they want to keep paying for this
for whatever this is.
But at least give us a workable studio.
And when I ask you a question about the phone thing and I don't know.
Oh, there's no news about...
How's that possible?
It's very possible.
What is that?
A category of no news is good news?
That's the new launcher shell.
I'll go grab it.
Where did this tutorial end?
Who's fairly?
Any questions?
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food.
Vigories never felt so good.
To that, I didn't know my credit with waxed or security.
It was breached in the database.
I had asked me, RAD, that spells me.
I credit it and passed that com, baby.
I'm asked to read and I can be.
Not about telling myself, maybe now instead of even putting it in fact.
My identity was going in and now my life is just scratched me.
RAD, that spells me.
I credit it and passed that com, baby.
There's 11 o'clock and 5th, 50 WQM.
Happy Friday to his Dave on a phone yet or what?
Not yet.
To what I mean, I can't see.
I can't see the dots because I don't know what.
Well, I beg your pardon?
He can't see nothing.
I can't see nothing.
To what level of clock and 30 seconds, girl, sure he'll be a...
He'll be calling in over there.
Just relax.
He'll be on there.
He's definitely taken a drink or something to build up the courage after his rather bizarre performance during the pre-pregnance.
When he gave us this song of dance about big browns, got bad feet about him.
He was looking for a reason to meet the chalk, which is fine as always, but I didn't get a George.
Okay.
Look for a reason to meet the chalk.
Why?
You got one.
A good reason to meet the chalk.
Right.
Who wants one to five?
Who wants two dollars and 40 cents for two bucks?
Yeah.
So what's the story, Chris?
The line ring.
I don't think it's the right line though.
You want to try it?
Yeah, go ahead.
Hello?
Oh!
Oh!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
Chabby!
I'm not even really sure that was him.
Oh, yeah.
Was that the real one?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, except those substitutes.
Poor baby.
Oh, yeah.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
I was happy with that.
You PS.
I guess something I saw maybe you would chicken out today
because your performance before the pretense.
Well, be all bet because I won't bet any even money
or less than even money, Chab.
Well, no, it's not a question of betting.
I mean, you can bet whoever you like,
but at least when we're touting here on the year,
how can you go against this super-hoc?
It's easy.
It's easy.
It's easy for you.
You money up.
You know, but you don't bet.
I guess you win.
I get to win.
By the way, the coin is what it is.
The coin is what it is.
When you're not, when you're sure,
you bet a little money, when you're not sure.
Yeah.
You know, I give everyone the exact equals,
7 one for 2660, which isn't bad with it.
You know, by start on on top.
That is, how could you come up with that second horse?
I bet the jockey.
Oh.
That's a log.
You bet the moon.
So what are you going to do in the, in the bellmont?
You're going to bet jockeys or horses or combinations?
Well, for a second I won't try it.
I didn't pick the winner for the jockey, but I mean, big brand.
I must be falls down or something.
He's got a demolished that field.
Yeah, he can, the only thing that will be him is himself.
Yeah.
I would have the words you're sold now, right?
Well, yeah, but I'm still not going to bet him.
You know, I don't have to, I don't have to.
I don't know if that's something that you, that's what.
I'll eat one to nine.
Maybe even if these two to five, he's never been a mile in a half.
I'd rather go with some value.
I'm going to bet $12.
Here's what I'm going to bet.
I'm going to bet.
You got us of course, Casino Drive and Dale of a Coddy,
in a $2 jacked buck cut.
You know what I'm going to bet.
It's one big joke to you, isn't it?
Oh my, your pitch, your pitch might have even become pretty funny.
I'll say to that.
So you're throwing them out all together.
Well, I can't bet.
I mean, you know, people are going to bet him for,
they're going to keep the tickets.
They're not even going to cash the tickets.
Come on.
I knew it.
I did that.
Brett Hanover, raced at Wolverine, the Harness Race Queen,
Detroit a hundred years ago and I was there.
I had a $2 ticket and he paid $210 or whatever the minimum, $220.
Yeah.
Save the ticket for a long time.
And what, then you sold it on eBay?
Yeah, sure.
For a two bucks, for a buck in a half.
No, people do things like that.
You know, it's like a souvenir.
Oh, is that what it is?
Unless you need the $220.
I don't know.
If you need the $220, what'd you bet the $2 for?
Exactly.
Yeah.
I'm picking Loan's free.
I'm picking a matcher again with Derek Gomez only because I like the name.
You don't get much more matcher than me.
So I'm picking Derek Guile, the Jockey and I like Loan's free.
I picked it.
I looked at his sheet numbers the other night and this horse could easily be seconded.
He could easily bet.
I mean, if Big Brown falters, he could easily win if he could.
Why do you keep saying if Big Brown falters?
You don't understand what the ex-canor forces.
After the pre-knus, who wouldn't have thought that one of those horses would have won the triple crown?
I mean, you know, from Spectacular bit, this Marty Jones.
I mean, my God, those are incredible names that didn't.
Yeah, but Spectacular bit had a problem and it wasn't a safety pin either.
It was Ronnie Franklin.
That's right.
There was no safety pin.
No.
But we ran this ride and Buddy Delted in a month or a minute.
Yeah.
Buddy was too loyal to that kid and then two maker takes over and the horses are better than he was in the triple crown.
Yeah.
Can you believe though it's 40 years ago this year that firm won the triple crown at the last one we've had 40 years?
It's 30 years, I'm sorry.
That's all right.
It goes fast, so you know.
You're telling me you have to tell me about that.
But years like you talk about your ratings.
Oh, please.
Don't start.
What ratings?
When you're planning about the ratings on this date, we don't have any anymore.
That's what we're trying to present more.
Hey, I'll start with it.
Anyway, the stories that I'm reading here that just amazes me having lived in Boston in the early 60s,
is they're talking about this offer that they're making to the owners of Big Brown and Cam.
They want a $5 million purse for the Massachusetts handicap if they can get Big Brown and Curl into one of the race and the stuff like downs.
Now, I haven't been here in a zillion years, but if it's like it used to be last time I was there for one of the W's tracks you'd ever want to see.
Well, but isn't that a great...
I think it's a great idea on their part and they got a lot of anchor.
I mean, we'd be talking about Suffolk down this morning if it wasn't for the publicity push.
When I lived in Boston, they had...
It was one of those tracks where they had both.
They had Harness racing at night with Eddie Cobb and Alex Winger and they had Thermal Racing at daytime.
Like Hazel Park used to years ago.
How did they do that? They used the same track?
No.
Oh, they had something inside of the dirt track?
Correct.
Oh, what about them? They do the same thing.
That's interesting.
What about woodbine?
Yeah, they...well, that's neat up there.
I love that.
Of course, that woodbine is the outermost and biggest oval boy.
That's some grass course up there.
You like Danieloy's Hill?
They're high.
Isn't that a nice hill off?
Is he a nice guy?
I think it's a good collar.
Yeah, he's a good collar.
Just so you've got a strange way of calling the start of the race.
They're all...
Er, every race sounds exactly the same at the beginning.
No.
Like somebody just jabbed him in the back or something.
Mike Vitaglia might be a nice guy too, but oh my God.
I'm not going to get you a discussion of race collars because that would be inappropriate.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
Although I do like the kid that filled in the kid, he's probably his 40th.
The guy that filled in for Tom, when Tom went to do the...
Derby and the Prickness, a Kirk Becker.
Did you like Kirk?
Any cup, eh?
Yeah.
I thought he was very good.
He was no longer listening.
Who was the guy in New York who they had the nepotism that was there for years?
Oh, gee, I can't.
I'm a martial camp.
You think it was nepotism?
That's what I heard.
Oh.
That's what they always said.
It certainly wasn't talent.
He really was a nice guy though.
He is a nice guy.
He is a nice guy.
Oh, he is.
He lives up in Saratova.
He's a self-pageling.
And he was...
I never had a crossword with Marshall and I worked very close with him for like seven years.
Yeah.
Very nice man.
He was a Russ St. V.
and a Spencer Ross though.
Oh, a Stanburg.
He isn't either great.
He is.
I just love talking with Stan.
He has such an incredible view of the big picture of racing and gambling.
He was so ahead of the game.
He knew what was going to happen with the Internet and the Internet.
You know, that it was going to be the delivery system for the future.
He knew that 15, 20 years ago nobody would listen to him.
You know, the sad part of it is, for example, because I go to Woodbine and play the sponsor lot
like several days a week.
And you go upstairs to the track level and they have all this time of casting like most of the tracks you've got.
And there's almost nobody there.
There's a smattering of the usual crowd.
But anyone that had the live racing going on, you go on to the stands and it's...
nobody there.
But they have huge purses, right?
Right.
Huge purses and gigantic handle, that's all because it's coming in off track.
Uh-huh.
Well, I don't get it.
But I don't get... how can you pull a slot machine?
I mean, is that any fun to just sit in front of a machine and keep pressing a button or pulling a lever?
When you win two grand like I did yesterday, it's kind of fun.
Where'd you do this?
At Double Mine.
Where?
Where can you win two grand?
What'd you put in?
Uh-100?
No, I put in 60 bucks.
No kidding.
And you got great brain.
And the end of the game is Quick Hit.
Oh, well, I'm almost stuck with that Wheel of Fortune crap.
That's garbage.
But the end of this game is Quick Hit.
And it's kind of fun.
Well, that's great.
I'm delighted that you do want it.
And you're going to use all that money done on Big Brown and Macho again.
Yeah, I'm going to bet a $2,000 exact rate.
And hold, you're not going to go the other way, right?
I haven't made a bet.
I know horse racing about two years.
I just, I don't know.
Hey, you know, I'm running on my nose.
I know I'm older than you.
But you know that there was a really good horse several decades ago named Guadal canal.
I can remember Cappy calling that horse.
Really?
Yeah.
And now in whole time.
So how can they allow Guadal canal to be used again?
I mean, that'd be like somebody putting in secretariat and they'd be allowed to use it.
Yeah, how do they do that?
Well, I don't know.
You know, they're just, they're going to only be with a big book at the job.
I heard what the original name is dead.
They can use the name again.
Is that it?
You know, I don't, it can't be that.
But you know, it should be, I guess, if they're running out of names, which is a may,
how can they run out of names?
But Guadal canal.
Somebody knew that this was a stake winner from probably the 50s or 60s.
Right now, long ago.
Well, most of the people, you know, they're not that many of all folks like us around anymore.
All the old railbirds are pushing up these.
Nobody knows what a railbird is.
He's the guy that stands down by the rail and keeps kicking up tickets.
Ticking the tickets over, hoping somebody who lost the winner.
And yelling at nobody, most people think he's on a cell phone, but he doesn't have a cell phone.
Right.
He's trying to force a cell phone.
We're just yelling at the judges they go by.
They're a lot of that crowd.
Oh, yeah.
So there are some real characters at the race.
I remember when I was at Aquaduct.
There used to be a guy and I'm not kidding.
And he used to wear a toilet brush hanging out the back of his pants like a tail.
I'm making this up.
And he would yell and scream and dance around the track.
Yeah.
He didn't go to Belmont.
And now he's managing every QAM.
I'm unbelievable.
Wow.
Yeah.
You just explained a lot to me.
So you're giving those horses again now, because I can't believe it.
4.5.6.
It's 4.5.7.
That was at the court, who was third in the Kentucky Derby and came from the last.
And he's got a new jockey now.
Hey, instead of the Alvaro rally, he's got Robbie Alvarado.
I eat 12 to 1.
And of course, at the products riding, the support is better because of the...
That is an amazing thing with the day.
I'm the mother of the last two Belmont winners being the same mayor.
And now she has this horse because he no drive.
That would make it free in a row from the same mother.
I mean, that's incredible.
And then Tale of a Coddy, which is Barclay Caghorse.
And you know, Barclay was going for the triple crown with the funny side.
And he got his streaks stopped.
So he probably loved to stop this streak.
And Abar Kolo, who's a damn good jockey.
You remember?
And now, he has big ground race from the top of the streaks until about the 16th pull.
And that was all the reasoning he had to do.
He could have won by 30 lines.
Yeah, he could have.
But what about his foot?
I mean, you know, you have a finger nail and like, you don't want to go out and play ball or...
I know, quarterbacks.
When I had my harness horse back in the early 60s, I had one horse had all four quarterbacks.
And he's still, you know.
Real?
He's still ran.
He's thinking if they can stand up, though, on.
Well, I'm sure that they've got ways to maybe...
Oh, yes, in the paint or something.
I don't know, but...
But if the horse is hurt and he's not going to go a mile and a half, is he?
You're reading Reach.
And I thought in the pregnancy of the Magnificent job of searching for reasons to beat him.
He'll win by 20 lines.
So it won't be quite like Secretary to win by 20.
Do you think they want to win by 31?
Do you think they told the kept the swirmo, you know, if he's in front, you know, just let him roll and...
But you know, something I think that's what buddy Delta was spectacular bit.
I think it was as much his fault as Ronnie Franklin.
Because he was talking so much, he had a big mouth and he wanted to prove that spectacular bit was better than circuit turret.
I think they thought that they could run away and win by, you know, 35 lines.
Wow.
And they do.
Well, of course, kept the swirmo lost on real quiet.
Yeah.
I can't lose to him.
Real quiet.
I mean, you know, I look bad, but...
I see, I called Secretary when I called him in front by 25 at the 60th ball.
And then I called Real Quiet and I didn't know whether it was Real Quiet or Victory Gallup at one of the rates.
It really was too close to call.
Yeah.
That was...
I mean, what if real quiet would have won it by a nose and then they would have disqualified him?
Which I think would have happened because he really did bother the horse to the stretch.
Living in the past, Dave.
I'm going to come into the 21st century and get on the big,
get on the big, down bandwagon. Trust me, who win by, who win by open lines.
Okay.
Alright.
So I'll revel in it.
I really will.
It'll be great if we have a triple-quiet winner.
I think if that's two to five or one to nine.
I'll watch.
Okay.
Thanks, Dave.
Take care of yourself.
Neil, it's always great to talk to you.
Have a wonderful Saturday and a bell month stage.
Only two.
Thanks, Dave.
Alright.
Dave Johnson, they're one of the great race callers of all time who just refused us.
He's in his system and I'm picking against big ground.
That's okay.
Yeah, he's in the title.
I mean, well, anybody can come on here and give you a big ground.
I know what's worse, right?
What does it take for that?
Even George can do that.
Yeah, big bro.
Give you a big...
Give you a big rest.
I'll pass it.
Give me a big round up.
I'll pass it.
What are you at five?
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 14.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 15.
I'm 20.
I'm 18.
I'm 24.
I just slightly play music.
I'm 16.
I'm 15.
I'm 14.
I'm 18.
I'm 14.
You know what I'm saying?
Joy, wait to give you the love to you.
O, do you think I have a love to you?
In the air, the air's run, the air's run.
Absolutely.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
Joy's run, let's see.
Well, I was annoyed.
I was troubled with the moon and I wasn't waiting.
I was worried about silly things.
One of the dealings that disturb the family
It's only because he will be strong.
ButSE as a true friend of Oof,
If it's better standing, if it's amusing, if it's interesting, if it's his barricot,
then he has that leather piece, leather, and it looks like a crumpled, brown paper bag.
But you didn't do it.
Why don't you want?
By the way, say hi.
He's gloating.
He takes credit for all this stuff.
What's out here?
You have to do with him.
You know, we have lots of letters to make.
That's right.
Other people too.
We've got some shocking news up here, right?
People are up at arms.
Yeah.
What is that like?
Where are you like rambling with a microphone?
Sounds like an all the time.
All the time.
All the time.
It's a large fidget.
It's a large fidget.
It looks too lighten off my head.
Oh, you got that head set on.
Right.
I have a port he had to keep smiling.
It's a decent day to go from there.
Doesn't sound like you're in a bureau.
So what's your job on that phone, Chris?
Oh.
Yeah, sit here.
No, spiritually.
They really believe that this is just going to go on and on.
And this is some kind of acceptable love.
This is not acceptable.
This is not, you know, we keep talking about how these people aren't into broadcasting.
They're not going to wait anything that needs them.
I mean, I don't know.
They open up like a shoe-chime shop.
I don't know what they're doing there.
And obviously, they don't either.
Talking fans called a major penalty against the CBT yesterday
as a national broadcast is being prepared to do away with the hockey night in Canada theme star.
A beloved 40-year-old musical institution has committed to Canadians as the country's national anthem.
More open hockey-diving Canada.
That's not anymore.
That's mostly bad.
But on CBT, CBT won't get away with that.
So Mary couldn't be a Cape Breton ANOVA SCOTHA.
Is that Cape Breton or Cape Breton?
I don't know.
Outside the hockey hall of fame in Toronto,
what do you buy more for that sport?
Canadian people won't let them get away with that,
she said.
She is pissed off and fired up for Mary.
Websites carrying new operations of the hockey anthem from hockey night in Canada broadcast.
Quickly got emails from people passionate about the theme.
Next, set go.
Online predictions were launched some of fans of the song shared anecdotes.
In 1990, my son stood up in a credit restaurant in Tokyo,
Jip hockey night in Canada theme,
commented a reader on the CBST website during the story.
Before he completed four bars, he was joined by various other Canadians.
He didn't even know.
I voted.
Bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
Good one.
Here's the workday.
I am very loyal that we're stopping people on the newscast here yesterday
and they were making them all sing.
Bad, ah, I'll hum it.
You can't sing it cause there is no words.
Bad, ah, bad, bad, bad, you know what I mean?
Bop, bop, bop, bop.
Yeah, like that, that's right.
Bop, bop, bop, bop.
The important step to think presents the song's composer.
It said yesterday that the CBST will no longer use the familiar hockey anthem.
But the head of CBST sports as the song hasn't been shelved yet.
Our negotiations continue if we can do a deal for the scene that's reasonable
for both sides will do it. So it's TBC Sports Executive Director Scott Moore
and an interview, it's a great thing. If we can't then we have an alternate
direction that we're excited about, I think it will create controversy and create
excitement amongst Canadians. Oh yeah. But certainly our first choice would be to
keep the themes it is. This is the kind of stuff they worry about here, okay? Not
who's gonna win the Canadian Idol. Although they do have that crap too. The
life disagreements we've been seeing had to compose a Dolores claimant ended this
year with the outstanding couple elsewhere. It's wrapped up once and that would
be true. I wouldn't even get a lot of boring. John McCollum was company
copyright music and visuals controls used to the songs that he was given a
deadline of Newspaper Wednesday to reach a new agreement.
McCollum said the TBC said an email later in the afternoon telling him they
would not renew the contract. They're getting like jolly jollman.
Cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep, cheep. Well you know they call him a cheep. Oh boy.
We looked at every different way we could. He said whatever it takes us
to try to come up with something. We were steady with cageel to stick with
your home later in the day today. It didn't take long for a public
outcry to gather steam over the possibility of a theme change.
A story immediately became a hot topic at the water coolers on radio foam and
chose some politicians who didn't wait in with their reaction.
A hockey nut in Canada. The theme you hear at every words that Alberta premieres
stem like even during the summer you get to Barbecue and Rural Alberta and
somebody strikes it up after a good version of old Canada. And it's gonna
disappear. It's been with us for years and years. It just brings back memories
of Ward Cornell and the other guys who brought hockey nut in Canada to us.
A very fearing who's sitting around the storm. I'm watching hockey in the 70s
and 80s that are National Anthem. How do you like that? All right.
Kind of world we live in today. We want you to go away. We're gonna play it forever.
That's right. I'll play it. I'll open up the window. Everybody can do that outside.
My window. I'll open up. I'll open up.
What a speaker out there.
What? What a speaker out there. You're balcony.
I'm gonna put a big loud speaker on the balcony.
I couldn't ever crack if they played enough. The fact is the elite suffer.
It's Friday. You first get...
It is so great. I can't buy the race. We got the story to check it.
Oh right.
Glad I knew who he is from May.
We got the story to check it.
I got my little rat.
We got the story to check it.
We got you heard of both.
We got the story to check it.
How long does it take to work more often?
I was really two or five, 60, WQ and...
When I mentioned this today, I'm sure I did not. WQ and Bruce Rossmire and Harley Davidson and South-Aid Dodge
possessed 105 days of Harley.
You could be 156 winners of a 2008 Harley Davidson motorcycle to register with any Bruce Rossmire or South-Aid Dodge
who are in many hooters location or just log out at WQM.com on the right hand side.
Scroll along. You'll find it. When in doubt, scroll it out.
175 oats on the pole of Barack Obama's kicking McCain's ass in this crowd of course.
He's got like two turd, yeah, two turds at about 166.4%.
Cain's only got 24%.
I sure like to know who the evil people are who would vote for John McCain.
Evil to evil.
Crazy.
Crazy.
It's something that I take very seriously.
We're good.
Most of the time, I can't just to kiss.
I can't just to kiss.
What's that sound you must remember?
I was talking about the right thing.
There you go.
Quiet, tell.
Yeah, I want to hold it.
I want to hold it.
And what's his name?
That little strange guy.
Peter Loh.
I think that was what he had going for.
He was straying.
Like, ring-peel.
Strangely.
What are a lot of people in movies who, you know, that was about to ring-peel.
That was very straying.
Kissing just to kiss and stand as a Seattle Mariners game.
But, you can't have a move.
Then last week, a lesbian complained that an archer was taking a few laps
in the stop kiss from your date because it was making another fan uncomfortable.
Poor baby.
You know.
The incident is there's floated on local TV.
I'm talking radio in the blogosphere.
I'm stuck up in a beta with a couple of displays of affection and generally gay-friendly Seattle.
It's good help you.
They offer children individuals who haven't caught up yet.
Those people see a gay-relive being couple-missed.
They're a space-something.
So, just read this from equal rights to law.
This is one of the challenges of being gay.
Every day things can become sources of trauma.
To find out more, call a nightmare.
Like your mom.
As the murderers tied the rest box on May 26th,
subriding the railroad under a date with a person on the third and unbiased business,
we're totally murdering the rest of the event.
And I'm talking to the other girls.
That's the answer to the way we see it.
To convince them a woman will revise it.
Once they've heard the truth, they've got a nearly 36,000.
And they're very much delighted with this,
saying that the two women want this with big, wall savings.
They talk about a real, two-talk about a black-up.
I'm not a hair-head.
That's a pretty good story.
That really is.
The whole way out.
The white-eyed-tower.
The white-figure-small business.
I was just really surprised.
And they were like, since the year I was four in the 80s, they say.
There was a couple of seminars ahead making out.
We were just offering each other everything you need from one company.
Just girls.
On Monday, Maron was supposed to live in the Rebecca Hills
for the cutters from the rest of the event.
But that the afterwards, these crimes were continuing to be making out
and broken in the stadium.
Joining us from the Miami-Dog.
We have a strict round of emanation policy at the Maron
and they say, to a few of them, they're doing the way they have it.
It's based on being hated.
And the money that was put under the old and the wilds,
they can expose the block.
Yes, quote a crime that can not be operated in the rest.
It's been out in the night.
How many of the places were set in the right public generally?
There were a lot of public generally according.
He also, those centers are based on what a reasonable person would find inappropriate.
The roads in the other community were groping each other,
saying along with eating garlic fries,
they were giving each other big kisses.
Of course, they didn't say where they were giving the kisses in public.
On Tuesday, Guerrero said, a Maron is director of guest services
that apologized to where the team spoke to them and couldn't immediately confirm that.
After the story broke, the Maron is re-blasted by a sexy,
vice-common-stanned savage who wrote about the incident in the blog of the Stranger
and they'll turn it into a weekly paper.
It's a stranger.
I constantly see people making a statement that my son has noticed that
they feel the ball game on women's foreheads.
The stab is called for a kiss into protest against the murder.
Websites have been swamped for blog posting a story against Guerrero on her date.
The story has people talking in Seattle.
I would be uncomfortable seeing public displays of affection between lesbians or gay men
that said, Jim, it's something rather a 54-year-old taxi driver.
I don't think it's right seeing women kissing in public.
I have my family there and after a sprain was going on.
Family is that dumb, Jim.
And that says a lot about you.
It's dumb, before.
Yeah.
And it's like a lot of people won't vote for Obama and they come up with some of the rescues.
Oh, he's a Muslim. He's this, that, because he's black.
Okay? Don't give me a shot and dance about.
He's this, he's that. That's what it's all about.
If you're a racist, at least have the balls to stand up and stare.
It all depends on the degree getting back to these vikes.
Mark Akram instead of waiting for a hot dog outside his head profile.
Before the game, even for a head of a special couple.
Since the incident, Gerello's job in her past has come under scrutiny.
She works at a bar known for scantily-clied women.
And she was a contestant on the MTV reality show,
A Shot of Love with Tito Tinkila.
Oh, I've seen that show many times, too many.
Really? And what?
Huh?
I said, really?
Not Paco always likes high-stay.
In which women and men compete for the affection of a bisexual international celebrity.
People are saying it's 15 more minutes from my career, Gerello said, of the ballpark fewer.
But this isn't making me look very good.
In 2007, an Oregon Transvidation Institute apologized.
After Lesbian teenage, it was picked up,
a bus on a passenger complaint about her kissing another girl.
What's the Tullio?
Well, what is the Tullio?
What case in mind you were all effing the 2007 Gerello rights group to a state.
At a Kansas City Missouri restaurant, they stayed in a joke for women because two of them kissed.
An attachment state trooper was placed on probation in 2004.
For telling two gay men who were kissing at the state capitol,
a homosexual counter who was illegal in Texas.
There's a double standard that's the bottom line said Paco different director of the It Takes the Team Education Campaign.
And initially, different women's sports foundation to eliminate homophobia and sports.
Homophobia and sports, I can't imagine that, can you?
Look, like all these nerds on the earth, sports nerds on the earth.
Talking about guys that were a little light and a little low-first stuff like that.
Oh, right!
Can you even begin to imagine the kind of factory that goes on in locker rooms?
I'm not saying this to a reprofessional sports, all the one can never be sure.
Right, so what happens in the locker room?
Stays in the locker room.
What? I heard a conversation here.
Oh, did you hear that?
Who's got that?
I don't know, it's really the big orange bowl, like the last event at the orange bowl play.
We had three people there talking.
Joseph Gacken is whatever, but I don't think it was him that said that.
It was one of the other guys that was on there with him.
I see.
What happens in the locker room?
Stays in the locker room?
Oh my god.
Yeah.
192 votes on this pool, man.
Not too heavy, Chris, you really are on fire.
Well, thank you very much.
In other words, I think one of the highlights of the conversation with David was he was so astonished
by the fact that I actually played the swancer woodbine.
You know what I mean?
Or do you mean?
And that I won two grand yesterday.
I've been on a real world-wise couple of ways.
Well, about the last month, I don't know what's going on, but I've been...
I'm a good fortune.
And a guy like Dave, he's not going to play Floss.
You know, a guy like George, he's not going to go whaddling around your playing slot machines.
Well, if I had a man like George, I was a little bit more liquid.
And then...
192 votes.
Barack Obama's got 128, 66.6% two-thirds.
John McCain's 46th.
I don't care if they're a team in Bob Bar-Five.
I make sure we count all the votes, by the way.
The rest of McCain get a hat to vote.
And the ones for Bob Bar get a tentative vote.
I got the erasing form.
Here's thanks to a Steve Sloan.
Here's the first race of the woodbine, here's the second race.
And I printed out the...
The program to make sure I had the other information with the morning light-outs and the jockeys.
I want to be really prepared today instead of just picking names off a sheet of paper, you know?
As Sarah with the great telepazar, he's a good jockey in the first race.
I might have to go with a one.
Now, what do you got after yet?
Because it's way early, the first race of woodbine is...
I got the woodbine.
One pen.
You got the woodbine key, whatever I'm watching, the woodbine TV right now.
How is that possible?
No, it's amazing.
The story we play is...
What were you in the tournament?
I'm watching H-Track and in the upper left-hand corner says woodbine race 2, due 5, 2008.
Oh, they're showing a replay?
Yes.
Wow!
Even I'm not getting that right now.
We got bigger lakes up here.
What else?
Valmart?
Yeah.
Monmouth?
Yeah, just a little bounce.
That's it.
Oh, well that's because Valmart doesn't start.
Valmart is up.
Wait, I already said that.
George is the racing expert man.
Yeah, he's a little...
I'm just really good left to right.
I'm sure.
As Sarah with talent-pazar,
M&J and Wilson's in the first race.
He's a good rider, but a horse fox.
And Justin Stein is on the Screven-Rosey region.
A-Jepton.
12-1 in the morning line.
No chance.
Although I will say, way back from him,
and Justin rode his horse before in 1 at 10-1.
Back on the October 20th, just the last year.
I'm too impressed.
Immediately.
Never know.
Don't overlook my boy Justin.
No chance.
Well, Frankie Dittoy is on the forward's
F-S-M down in England.
A very Frankie Dittoy.
Let's bet on the brits, what do you say?
Were you fudge back him?
I'm equal here at the end of the...
And it's made.
And it's made.
Did I say those words?
Critics are coming fast.
Americans can't stand his craft.
Wake me up.
When the bus years end.
I don't know which over I'm over.
No, it's not over.
Like his father, but with no class.
Seven years of hell I've passed.
You'll be anywhere you may have.
When the bus years end.
The drama is far from over.
I'm a crack.
When the bus runs again.
Calling for war.
I will never surrender.
I cannot make any death.
When God's sake of my God.
See, Mr. Tom.
I'm sad we did best.
We cannot wait till heaven rest.
Wake me up.
When the bus years end.
It's about time.
Oh, I can't wait waiting.
Wake me up.
When the bus years end.
And you're the moment you two get the f*** out of here.
13th of November 5, 60.
I would appear on the jerk show today in spite of it.
I'm a tremendous outpouring of hostility by the audience.
Anyway, it'll be real interesting.
Well, it won't be interesting.
I think we're giving up on the numbers.
Or maybe we're just giving up.
By the way, I'm supposed to tell you thank you on behalf of some guy here that actually listened to you.
And the one guy that listened to you.
About your pick for the...
For the fitness, at the federal one, about 100 out of the federal one.
All right.
And you got 1330 bucks back.
Exactly what he got.
Very happy with your advice there.
You dropped your couple hundred to a pass along the man?
No, it didn't bring me anything except some good wishes.
That's okay.
You did.
At least he had the decency to come by and say thank you.
I took out the deco to push shoes on when he came by.
He didn't?
No.
He's barefoot.
That was very fun.
Well, maybe guys you got to 1330 bucks going along by the nice person.
Who's close to which shoes?
But it is cool.
Well, at some point, Papa, we only got about 600 pairs.
She was even in the middle of the markers.
I'm curious.
Oh, yeah.
I don't know what that's all about.
I might be gay.
Yeah, I would just go all you people for the funny day.
Too bad.
All right.
Yeah.
Yeah, he goes on the pole.
Our goal is eight million.
So the guy came by.
He got a hundred dollars back to boy.
That's a wow.
Uh-huh.
Did what you said last day.
Why?
I just picked a lot out of my arse, man.
Like, whatever.
I don't know what the hell I was going to do.
I was good enough for him.
Well, you don't know what he did.
He left a room with the friends in the hockey.
Because when you got, you know, a heavy favorite in a race like that.
Just about anybody could finish second.
And like, I noticed that David proved to my pick with direct Gomez
with the horse back in horse in the, uh, Dama, tonight.
One, three, thirteen.
Ramsh was sunding.
Okay, let's take a look.
Now, it's only a sight of a new year.
Are they still showing the replays from goodbye yesterday?
Yes.
Race six though.
Wow.
But you don't hear the audio though, right?
No, no.
There are.
You're going to hear some microphone noise here.
Oh, there we go.
There are.
I got to get the mic out of my way.
So, what?
I'll tell you what.
Oh.
And what are they bringing?
Well, I've said that Ruben.
I've decided to do a flip-through.
Well, him and Squish sounds really good.
You know, the Fabian.
I skipped the Ruben.
I didn't get that when I was there.
A costume that really, I crossed my ass a little bit.
The Ruben is good, but as you know, you know, it's like buttery.
It's sloppy.
Yeah, and you can actually get butter dripping down your head.
And you're going to be doing like noons of a day.
You better not be sloppy.
Oh, yeah.
What?
I'm very calm today.
Good.
Good.
I can see it.
Come back on my head.
I'm going to go to the rug yesterday.
Good.
I just want to put it on the public record again.
If I should quote any time soon, if I should have like a massive stroke or a heart attack,
or even not quote, just have one of those things.
But Joe, they'll want to be on the public record that Joe Bell and Beasley Broadcasting are directly responsible.
These people are doing their damnedest to destroy me.
If they just destroyed the show, they're trying to destroy me.
They don't want to pay these big bucks for another seven months.
Joe will too much.
Yeah, punch this.
233 votes on our poll and Barack Obama's taken John McCain's ass.
Yeah, even though you don't think he can win, I'm talking about you.
You don't think Obama can win the elections, or even the election.
No, I have a duck, that guy.
They can win it.
Amazing.
You haven't? No! You must be thinking about this picture, probably, too.
I don't talk to many of them. Well, yeah, I do talk to them.
Some of them, I've never felt that I'd ever even thought that. Really? Really?
I mean, there are a lot of closet racings out there.
Make no mistakes about that. Yeah, closet it. Or not on the closet.
An M.A. police service for the New York Reds. And a victory here
by none other than the re-writes, by-go-mirror, by-editors, no-sales, by-creestoffs, along.
Here at Gomez. Here at Gomez, what I tell you, man, great writer. I guarantee it.
So, now as far as the people are now, I can't just do this thing.
Yeah, I can't just do this thing. And you can go here to the better.
Yeah, a little fancy break, but I can't afford to. But he's got fancy, fancy people.
And you don't know me more than about other people's time.
You don't know me more than about such crap. It's the race track.
You want to think about your learn about the track. But if they're all diled up to go to the track,
if you have some of the plastic people in the clubhouse, you know, like they used to do a high re-up back in the 40s and 50s,
the women with the big hats, you know, and all that crap. I'd like to have an England.
The queen shows up with a big hat and a little purse, you know, and they're all diled up. All the plastic a-holes.
The real race track people, they come just like that guy, like a real flop.
Like I did that day that I was there. I wish I wouldn't have that long-sleeved shirt on. God.
Had to be 150 degrees in the shade that day. I was shripping big time.
Should have worked you a gringo, quite early.
I don't need those anymore. I'm not that fat. Only real fat people are trying to cover up their fat.
Where's that crap? I mean, he used to go to Florida.
You could wear Hawaii shirts, all those other tubs shirts.
Like I think Simon used to wear and he's a skinny guy.
Till they screwed him over bad at poppin' a parking went back to the Sacramento.
Good guy, they're a great job with that, the fots thing and in the stoon as they got it in there,
they screwed him over and blew him out, screwed all the horsemen over there. What a joke. What a tragedy.
Everybody else, like here, like even Dave said, about wood buying.
If you had any idea of the amount of money that's flowing through there every day in the amount of money,
it's a not-for-profit corporation, by the way.
So the money all goes back to the province, the profits.
Yeah. If you had any idea of the amount of money between the harness racing and the third-bird racing and the splice,
that goes through there every day, you and I could afford to live on that for at least five minutes.
All right. Oh yeah.
Patrick Coburn in the independent UK says,
a secret deal being negotiated in Baghdad will perpetuate the American military operation of Iraq indefinitely,
regardless of the outcome of the US presidential election in November.
In terms of the independent, the impending deal deals over, let me try to get in Tung Kai.
Take two. In terms of the impending deal details of which have been leaked to the independent,
are likely to have an explosive political effect in Iraq.
Iraq is this whole spirit that the accord under which US troops will occupy permanent bases,
conduct military operations, arrest your Iraqi's and enjoy immunity from Iraqi law,
will be stabilized by the rest position in the Middle East and lead the bases for unending conflicts in their country.
Now the catcher nod.
But the accord also threatens to provoke a political crisis in the US president of Bush wants to push it through by the end of next month
so we can declare a military victory and claim that his 2003 invasion has been vindicated.
But by perpetuating US presence in Iraq for long term,
still remember, the cover pledges by Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama to withdraw US troops
if he's elected in November.
The timing of the agreement was also boosted by Republican candidate John McCain to claim the US is on the verge of victory in Iraq,
a victory that he says Mr. Obama will withdraw away by a premature military withdrawal.
Of course, what is victory? That's the obvious question in the nobody can answer.
What is victory in Iraq? What does that mean?
When I would elect people are dead?
I think that would do it, wouldn't it? Sure.
Well, there's a lot more to it. Read along our website. Okay, read it in the week.
Go to www.arages.com, read all those bedtime stories.
Do stuff our stats a little bit under. Look at those pictures from Gulf Stream Park,
which they're still not looking at them. A lot of people are going to the pictures, but they don't seem to have any interest in those.
Maybe once they see us, they're like, oh yeah, you know, who wants to see any more than that? I think that's possible. Could be.
Big ground and cool in our regard as the best to the third birds in the world and racing fans will like to see nothing more than go to head.
Five million dollars at Suffolk Downs, baby. I don't care what this is. That place that has been really done a lot of refurbishing.
That place is a dump. Suffolk Downs in Boston.
It's like on US one. This is a city like in Revere, up by the airport.
By Logan Airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
The airport is right behind the Aton, all those other going. This is far business going.
What a better place than at Suffolk Downs in the city of Boston.
Look at that. Look at this.
What a nice book in Horus.
Connections of a colon.
What a nice book in Jockey.
It's hot.
It's a Mac as of late.
And I picked up from a story.
You know what I've seen.
Colum get beat by a fillet.
And there's no fillet that can actually even fill the match to Big Brown.
And then kind of asking some kind of douse back without one saying that.
That's right.
Colum in my ass.
Okay.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
I'm going to go to the airport.
And then you can play like Spina McHugh.
You know, the thing I like.
Yeah.
And then you hear that sound.
What means, you know, you lose.
Oh, that's not what it means.
It's an exact...
Oh, that's not what it means.
And I feel like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you.
It's the 12-Dorn Hour or whatever it is.
Well take the train, you won't carpool, you see a home, and you start to drool.
You won't walk for twenty feet.
You'd rather take your SUV.
You can't drive, you can't hate without food.
You're indeed needed for your plastic withdrawal symptoms.
Like me saying, whoa, you like to think there's lots more food to this floor.
Oh yeah, I have to say, I need to do so.
Closer to the truth is to say your total is fall.
You know, you're gonna have to face it.
You're addicted to all my diswell place with you.
I've addicted to all my diswell place with you.
Come on, Laura, my diswell place with you.
I've addicted to you.
Yeah, this was a girl.
My diswell place with you.
You're addicted to all my diswell place.
So, those who are at 5.50, WDQAM, all the spots ahead of all the time.
Baby, those Saudis, they're just a little brother.
There's something I can't say on here.
2121 post on our presidential poll.
And the Barack Obama still getting two turds.
So, what's going on over there, Kostya?
And George, you getting ready?
The big race is getting us over.
What?
What?
Oh, eating?
I'm done now.
There we go.
I think.
Who's that with you, Nes?
I guess free is there, right?
Because he thinks we're as deep as gold.
And what is it to do now?
What are we doing?
They're eating too.
Oh, they're eating.
Okay, I'm done.
Hey, well, we're talking about eating now.
Thank you, how is it?
There you have it.
How's that tall thing coming in the Chris?
Coming great.
Man, hey.
Ask me if I care.
You good?
No, not anymore.
I don't care about anything, Joe Bell does.
He says he is.
Joe Bell rams with hell.
He wasn't actually swell.
What?
I mean, we all have to eat you like a workout.
And broke his neck like Ed McMahon.
You see Ed McMahon, I'm Larry last night for about two seconds.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't eat it, but I was eating it.
I was just joking.
I was tell, sir, and Ed McMahon was on there with a brace around his neck.
Really?
And there were four closing on his house and was supposed to be healed.
Sorry for him, and he hasn't been able to work because of his broken neck.
And his nice people looking wife was on there with him.
Wow.
Here's.
I mean, I don't understand.
I mean, everybody in the business and outside the business, and so does Ed McMahon, right?
Right?
Why can't some of his good buddies in the business who are like multi-millionaires, why can't they help them out?
There you go, he just passed the hat road.
Yeah, why is he got to keep going on, oh, we don't call him out of the thing.
Oh, gee, they're going to close them by.
You gotta see the house by the way.
But you know, for a skeleton, you get yourself some meat to your fort.
Yeah, that's right, moving to a pub tent for final, our rear-skipper neck brace.
Moving with Dick Clark.
There you go.
Now you see, it would be great to both like vegetableized at this point, I think it would be great to go open up her food farm.
We don't hear any more about Dick doing.
No.
Good.
Barack Obama met private as with Hillary Rodham Clinton, the likely best presidential candidate as the Democratic nominee in waiting for the United
Democratic Party against John McCain.
One of our top supporters, probably our Senator Chuck Schumer, said Friday that Clinton would accept the number two spot.
No way, Jose, no way, an act of lunacy.
And you're talking with that monkey again, because like, you're eating, but you're trying to shovel the sandwich in over and around that mic.
Sorry, and a little while, I don't keep the people away.
What do we expect, Senator Obama should wonder to be Vice President, thinks it would be best to take it to Bill Sir if Hillary stepped that humor, said.
But on the other hand, if he chooses someone else to work just as hard as for the party in November.
Caller when the party starts.
Maybe more green will take to this party too.
What do you think?
Okay.
It's not about your racist come out.
It's about my racist.
Your racist.
Yes, it's a racist.
It's just a woodbind.
And by the way, the only reason you're betting woodbind is because the caller, I don't get it here anymore.
They're still having that problem.
Right.
Listen, it don't matter to me, it's one TV screen or the other.
It's either the one here or the one right here.
It's the same window and it's the same money you have.
And I already have a favorite racist officer who's David O'Least.
Dan Moisell.
Dan Moisell?
Noisell, with an L.
Noisell?
Yeah, like that.
Well, they Johnson spoke very hard, Em.
He's good.
The Dan Moisell.
He's good race caller, he's accurate.
Well, a lot of them out there, they're like Trevor Demen.
And the way they go.
He's great.
Trevor Deadman.
Only 31 minutes to post time at the mama.
We could bet them all, man.
Let me just place some music for us and I'll print out the racing poem for mom.
Oh, yeah.
Let's turn into a horse racing show.
Not just today, here.
What do you laugh at?
I just go for a track to track.
That's right.
I think I'll pick up the caller.
They'll sketch you up in a higher league in the middle of the league.
Maybe that maybe you can feed the flamingo.
I'll bring my old hated oldie out there.
I'll save the kid though.
It's probably real lonely out there in higher league.
I remember foolish me trying to save higher league.
Remember that I would either campaign I had going?
No.
Everybody come out.
Oh, yeah, because higher league and colder.
Oh, yeah.
They went out.
They went out.
The same dates.
And of course, higher league went down in flames because, oh, what a dump that place turned into my god.
It was a political place turned into a, even a, the wings were green.
Yeah.
I'm talking about the green weenie Bob Prince used to talk about the green weenie on the pirate jeans years ago,
100 years ago, but they had real green weenies as a higher league.
Ooh, nasty stuff.
I wonder what was in them.
Maybe they were Irish weenies.
I just mean some of those.
Have you?
I think.
I haven't recalled.
It didn't check.
No, it looked like a camera.
I don't check for Heritage in doll on that one.
I don't know.
222 votes.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Barack Obama 169, 67%.
John McCain 58, 23%.
I don't care.
18.
And Bob Barr, the independent candidate with the Hitler-like mustache, seven, ticked Bob Barr.
I mean, what kind of a moron would vote for that in the first place?
How many votes would Bob Barr's going to get?
About 30, man.
Although maybe we've got 70 libertarians out there.
Maybe it's wishful thinking, you know, like, Christina Stan that was there before.
How those justinos coming by the way Stan we got raceinos now,
which some of them being mismanaged very badly like at Pompeo Park,
but nevertheless, how's these justinos coming to focus?
And what are the Indians going to get there?
I better not talk about that.
You're a gossips right now.
I don't know.
I'm not going to promote somebody else.
What's going to be the right-by-my-house?
What?
Gold screen.
Then how can we get there so late every time we get in?
I think take my sweet turn.
Try.
I spent at Chris Winnhill's George Gray.
All about the 10?
Yeah, right.
I try to get here at 9.30, but then it depends on how many spots I have to have.
Yeah, so we get a problem.
Not a problem.
You're a performance chance today.
How do that hour go by the way we want to through?
I don't know.
I don't have to tell you when you only have to do an hour.
It's easy.
I think maybe we'll start doing a lot of that.
No.
I hope they sure will hopefully know those are conditions.
Oh, man.
I honestly thought that the back of my head was going to just blow off.
I don't get paid anymore, but I can.
So it was a show better if I was on the host.
No, that's true.
I never thought of that.
Well, we can't do a light.
I'm really limited what I can do for George.
Salary-y.
So we just wanted to make this lipstick.
The picture's about a pretty boy.
We're going to turn you out.
So let's put some lipstick on that pig.
Hit out.
I'm not a poker guy.
I'm not a poker guy.
I'm not a poker guy.
I'm not a poker guy.
I'm not a poker guy.
I'm not a poker guy.
That's your boy Dan Loiselle from Woodbuy.
Aren't you in front?
Yeah.
He's pretty good.
In fact, the whole operation out there is pretty good
when you win, you know.
They just need to be dazzled there by the whole thing with slots.
How can you do that?
He was right about the first part, like real fortune, man.
He just didn't earn your money and then he won't turn my gifts.
Oh, 25.
Big money, you know.
30.
40.
Luckily, I had like 400 on the line once and 300 twice.
I managed to state even what a real fortune.
Was it born?
Wasn't born that 84 then when I won the grand in five minutes.
Yeah, that's lazy.
It's not born.
It is amazing.
How excited it was not born again.
I did horse player interactive dot hall.
H-D-I-T-D.
Well, players get it.
To win daily and get in on the action with your own photograph there.
Present as a horse shoe production.
Yeah, I think we're changing the format.
If you ever run all horse racing all the time, we're bringing back any K and Hank.
I was thinking this new one.
Oh, right.
I was sitting on the throne and I was thinking about Joe Bell in the way he's created so many good people in this place.
And just absolutely stabbed them through the heart.
And my right?
Yeah, but he's still at it with his horse paternity.
That's the old tax.
That's all it matters here.
There is nothing going on now.
The Marlins lose every day now.
Well, that's a little bit of a failure stuff.
We'll talk about the year of the game.
There's no war going on now.
There's no heat.
The heat lost 99% of their games.
The panthers for the 80th year in the road did not make the playoffs.
They're done and nobody clears anyhow.
When we get the Lipton, the Lipton and the Marlins, when we get that crap, huh?
They're every at the same old...
Oh, God.
And Joe Rosen's obsession with Tiger Woods.
What is that all about?
I don't know. Maybe he thinks he's cute.
I'm yet so.
He really is obsessed.
If I never heard of Tiger Woods again, I would be so pleased.
He plays golf.
It's like admiring or idolizing somebody who is like a part-teasing champion.
Okay.
Well, here's the one of my strong champions, the lowest metric.
I just... I don't get it.
I need to do it.
I have to ride my bicycle.
I have to ride my bicycle.
I have to ride my bicycle.
I need to ride my bicycle.
I have to ride his only way to life.
If he rides, there's no way.
I'll ride his bike every day.
He drives and he man.
I'm about ready to scream because I care about my car.
I need gas.
But I'm broke.
I need gas.
I can jump.
Now I ride.
I can't believe he's pressing man.
Can't I want my caravan?
Also, I can do it.
I have to ride.
I have to ride.
I have to ride my bicycle.
I have to ride my bicycle.
I have to ride my bicycle.
I need to ride my bicycle.
I just don't get my way to life.
It's probably 2.5, 6.0.
Let's get it all away from joy.
It's better than we're buying.
All right.
I'm not expecting the front.
I'm ready.
Now how much do we bring about $4,500 today?
Yes, I did.
I brought a stack.
I've already brought a stack and crashed like P-Rose.
Here's the way you do it.
You get down a whole bunch of $100 bills.
You find them up on this table and make sure everybody's looking at it.
That's right.
And everybody knows who you are and over it over it over it.
You can impress everybody.
Oh, look at all P-Rose.
I've got a whole bunch of hundreds up here.
Now look at them now because about an hour they'll all be gone.
That's all right.
They're gone.
They're gone.
Don't get me started about those certificates by the way.
I'm not discussing this.
I'm not discussing this.
But then he didn't impressively into the Lounge test that's called Spring Park.
The daughter of Red Bullet returned to Woodbine with a conditioning yet.
The jeep are laid in with the same score at Woodbine at a mile in the 16th.
Ginger brew unwavering at the inside and it's going to be ginger brew the first timer to
win it by three quarters of a length.
Look at you.
That was exciting, wasn't it?
Yeah.
No.
271 votes.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Not who you've got a vote for.
Not who you would like to see.
Who do you think?
Hey, they'll answer what they want.
In your part of hearts.
The lack of by 184 is 67.20%.
John McCain's 50.22% month percent for that daughtering little tool.
I don't care at 20.
And Bob Barr that will not see without Goofy Mustache 7.
For Bob Barr.
He used to be a full-fledged Nazi.
Now all of a sudden he's that.
I don't know.
But maybe he's all over the place.
Speaking of bastards.
Senator Jew Lieberman's recent antics on behalf of Republican John McCain's presidential
campaign.
Haven't helped this popularity in the Democratic caucus in recent days.
What a surprise.
As usual, Democrats are a little slow to catch on.
First, Democratic nominee Barack Obama gave it an independent,
dependent, experienced talking to him on the Senate for Wednesday after Lieberman's
claimed Obama's speech on Israel.
Now Lieberman's position is tempered at the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental
Affairs Committee.
Maybe in danger, according to the subscription only cap of a newspaper, will call reports.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid on Thursday left open the possibility that Lieberman's
status as an influential chairman of the Democratic Conference may not be solid.
A rock solid.
Put a long term.
Even as he reiterated the independent Democrats' importance on two party priorities.
Reid's mixed messages on Lieberman come a day after the Connecticut Senator launched
public attacks on the Democrats' new United Presidential, hopefully Barack Obama.
Lieberman is long-backed.
Presumptive GOP presidential candidate John McCain took that support to a different level
of attacking Obama this week.
I've had a conversation with Julie.
Lieberman is some length and not from discussed the conversations here, Reid, told reporters.
It was quick to add that it will let the future decide Lieberman's long-term role as Pete
Party chairman and member of the conference.
The majority of leaders' posture yesterday mirrored the fine line he's walked on the
delicatessen Lieberman's role in the party for months, role in the party my ass.
Reid has been reluctant to criticize Lieberman a long-time friend ever since he switched
from Democrats to independent nearly two years ago.
Lieberman's stature among Democrats has fallen precipitously since the 2000 White House
campaign as Al Gore's running mate.
Most of the animosity toward Lieberman is based on his vocal support for the 2000s
re-invasion of Iraq as he continued his defense of President Bush's role policies.
He's also a fat-away of the Bush administration as he was like warmless wiretapping in the
papy-dack.
He's becoming a whole-fledged, self-hating, jugh-nasty bastard.
After losing a primary campaign in Connecticut in 2006, Lieberman left the Democratic party
to become an independent and have under resendancy the general election.
Reid is then redefinited Lieberman because he continues to vote with Democrats on
some issues.
Well, excuse me, okay?
Postatic.
Cragic.
By the way, guess who's in the first, the one that we're trying to see on the second
race to the would buy?
Chantel Sutherland's he's riding the one.
Ma Peche.
Okay.
You're not impressed by Chantel Sutherland?
I don't think so.
I don't think so.
Who's the Jackie F. L. Sutherland?
I think he did.
Right, I don't know.
If there's a guy named Chantel, believe me, he's the one who's the one who's the
one who's about to respect me.
Crazy person or what?
Now, yeah, yes.
Yeah, you've got that.
You know that?
Yeah, I do not.
You're Reid Corridor in this silver.
Now second race two on a seven, your worry?
Corridor in this silver, don't show his name.
What made that name...
Where am I supposed to go?
I mean, if I was 60 W.F.A.M. and seems very acquired there today for whatever reason.
I mean, we got to Malvay, a Belmont coming up.
But there's people a little about.
People showed up taking their positions.
Got people here for toys, waiting for your picks.
They're going to go back what I bet.
Oh, no.
Why?
They're going to do the money for a whole lot of people.
Why are you going to go to the petrol?
Why?
Why do they get under?
No, why are they doing it?
You're doing it because it's part of the show.
What?
You want him to hold a bunch of money.
You want him to hold a bunch?
Anybody could have picked a big ground.
Yeah, but he did.
He was too big.
He could have picked a big ground.
Okay, I'll give you these.
I'll pull that out of my ass.
Okay?
They're betting their rent money.
Yeah.
They're there.
Good.
Good.
This is what we need.
They're betting the milk money.
They've got starving children at home.
They're betting the milk money.
Probably are.
Like that.
Women have three or four years ago in Christmas time.
Oh, I left the house with $3,000 and I stopped here last all the money from the kids Christmas
presents.
And I thought to myself, why is she telling you this?
I mean, it's like coming by and saying, God, am I stupid?
You know, I really have that.
I'm ragged about it.
That's my good lady that you worked at this place.
She had $3,000 cash in her pocket.
She left the house a few days before Christmas to run by all the kids Christmas presents,
but she made a pitch-stop that would buy it.
To play the spot, to find a good machine, Mom.
And you know what?
The way she didn't.
Inside and it's going to be gingerbread.
So when it might break up through steam, and they keep chewing the same crap over and over again here.
They're just killing time until it first breaks.
When's the first race at Mom?
Let's have you bet 100 bucks on that.
I don't know what it is.
I'll bet you.
It's relaxed.
Oh, 31 minutes.
No, 25 minutes.
Woodbine is only 46 minutes away.
Are you ready?
Oh, I'm ready.
I already got Steve here.
It's the second-ewarding money.
Eight to five.
Six to one in the morning line.
And that's Chantel Stubborn.
There she is.
Paradise cat.
Oh my God.
Are these people crazy or what?
What do they like about that piece?
I don't know.
The name?
The stick.
Oh, second time in 10,000 climber.
Dropping down.
Off for a much better.
And second time Chantel Stubborn.
The most few, she wrote that she wrote her once before.
Ooh.
I don't get it.
Oh, the race was a little bit longer, too.
She was in five and a half for long.
There's a six for longs.
And last time she was in a six for long race,
she had to leave and poop like a dog.
Chipped her guts out.
That was the better class though.
Well, almost six is taken.
Somebody would better put that one in there, too.
What do you think?
I don't know.
And the five is five, too.
I got the one five.
I guess the one five is six.
Okay.
Is that okay?
Oh, I think.
They're too early, man.
It's going to go one day.
Oh, the low Russian.
Why?
I'm not Russian.
Good.
These guys, they're like, I know something.
Okay, I do have the racing form here in front of me.
And these are two tough racers, man.
Even when you have all this information,
you'll look at the inconsistency here.
Like the two-horse, Christina, 17-1.
This horse is old for the last 17.
Hasn't won a race since the last 17 stars.
Has won two races lifetime.
Well, you got a bet on that one?
Well, maybe.
Yeah.
Are you?
It's not safe.
He's flown.
Pong's is blessed.
You're blessed, dude.
Well, you can tell by the way I won two-day,
I'm in this race, I'm here to stay.
Swing and beer, and down in booze, I got the voters out.
Now, I can't lose, and now here I come.
Look out for that.
You didn't base that I could come back.
Don't you try to claim the win.
Only I can be Republican.
Whether you like it or whether you believe
it might campaign as a lie.
Campaign as a lie.
But you can beat me now.
Everyone can eat me my campaign as a lie.
Campaign as a lie.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
My campaign as a lie.
Campaign as a lie.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
My campaign as a lie.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
No.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
1232 and 560, I mean, 2AM, happy Friday to you.
Got the matured show at 2, and then after you take a mat,
a mat dollar beyond 4 to 6.50.
Then we have to have first big, a pitch.
Big, a Marlon, the Marlon show.
The children will be tuned to that.
Oh yeah.
They'll be glued to the radio for that.
Yep.
Well, there's one horse that's true and Ise overlay there.
Maybe there's something wrong with him.
He's 7 to 1.
He's 7 to 2 in the morning line.
He's 7 to 1.
The Tyler Pizarra.
Asterra.
I might not even get the bell.
Maybe it was just about the one horse.
Whatever you said.
Oh, I'm not sure.
We could do a couple things.
Meaning what?
We could bet the one horse did, bet the, uh, the perfecto like the Tyler.
I'm not talking about the perfect.
I'm talking about the baby, no.
Oh yeah, that.
Oh yeah, that.
What is that?
The equity Americans have in their most important asset,
their homes, has dropped to its lowest level since the end of WW2.
Some others, some others, portions of equity,
but to 46.2% in the first quarter,
from a revised 40-7.5% in the previous quarter.
That was the fifth quarter in the world below the 50% market federal reserve study yesterday.
The total dollar value of equity also fell for the fourth-grade quarter to 9.5 trillion dollars
from 9.50 trillion in the fourth quarter,
while Americans totaled mortgage debt rose to 10.6 trillion from 10.53 trillion.
All along is the market value of a property minus the mortgage debt.
A homeowner's percentage of equity is declined steadily,
even as homebide was served during the housing boom,
due to a jump in cash out refinancing, home equity loans
and increased 100% financing.
Come on, Senator, advance the money.
Come on.
Experts expect that equity is declined further,
as falling home prices,
he wrote the value of Americans' large assets,
asking more homeowners upside down on their mortgages.
At the end of March, nearly 8.5 million homeowners had negative or no equity in their homes,
representing more than 16% of all homeowners with the mortgage,
according to Moody's economy.com,
chief economist Mark Zandy.
By June 2009, the estimated debt will increase to 12.2 million,
almost one out of every four homeowners with a mortgage.
Well, there you go.
The report also shows that Americans told them that was dropped to 55.97 trillion
from the first quarter from 57.67 trillion.
Well, what's the capital trillion?
Right.
When you're killing people in the wild.
291 votes on the poll,
while you're having a tough time getting even to 300 days,
probably because of all the horse racing stuff.
That's all right.
That's part what it is.
You know that.
Now, how's that phone thing coming?
It's coming in great.
And, uh,
Jesse, what did you know there's no, uh, first picture?
What?
Jesse, what did you know there's no first picture?
Well, why is it on the schedule?
Is our program director's company had a bum long?
Why is it on the schedule?
It says right here, I'm doing my best to try to promote whatever the hell we got on the air,
a lot of which believe me.
I'm not all I praise him about promoting,
but nevertheless,
well, because there is no footage.
There's no plot.
Because we have the King's Game Today.
There's no first picture.
The King's?
See.
And where is that going to be on?
On your pop-up poster?
On your iPod?
I think it's on.
Oh, our regular programming, I think.
Text the King's on your attendable on your old TV antenna.
I don't have any idea.
Any brutally.
It's just,
like we said, it's called Kaka.
291 votes on the poll.
You better get to 300.
We've only got 35 minutes to post on the web, right?
Sure.
I want to give pressure to get to you.
No, it's fine.
Robert Scheer says, what makes the King's tick?
Well, the real John McKeens stand up extra-adonted expecting to.
Now that he's a Republican presidential candidate,
pandering to the rationalities that drive his party.
And what is it likely that the funding mass media will pressure him to the point of purity
that it will remain genuinely confused as to what makes him tick?
The King is the most confounding of candidates,
varying as he does in the stance of provincial reaction,
to sophisticated and lightning within an almost instantaneous timeframe.
He did the last week when he blasted Barack Obama for ringing soft
in a pressing emergency address theories,
while the same moment comes for a special Rob Porch-Mobler's itemer Putin's Russia
under the arms control.
While sports unpredictability can be appealing in a standard,
it's unnerving and a possible president.
Unpredictability is welcome as evidence of first-picking,
but now when it seems that it's inconsistent,
things that may be born of cramped opportunism than of insight.
There are major contradictions in the McCain-America's witnessed over the years that are truly troubling.
One is squaring the mixture of a clean of a cent of McCain
who teamed up with the remarkably principal Democrat Roth Fine Gold,
the sponsor of historic campaign finance for legislation,
where the McCain has brought big money lobbyists
into the center of a cent of office campaign and his operation.
Those connections with the Beltway vanditch and mine won the McCain was previously
one of the peeping five senators who supported deregulation
and code worked for undermining legitimate government oversight of business and arrogance
facilitated the SNL questions of 80s and 90s.
Not a happy association at the time of the consequences of bank deregulation surfaces
as the subprime mortgage lending scandal that's wrecking the U.S. economy.
Then there's the heroic warrior McCain who laws above his own wounds
to team up with color Vietnam War Hero Democrat John Kerry
to pave the way for normalization of relations with Vietnam.
McCain had the courage to reach out to a haggleoid as quite a very strong domestic opposition
that accused him of betraying the MIE's left behind in Vietnam
by negotiating with the former enemy.
The subsequent progress on the issue
where U.S. teams to more freely investigate plane crash sites in Vietnam
vindicated McCain who's favored other diplomatical virtues,
including controversial suggestion meeting with Hamas.
And now he attached the bottle for saying he would meet with leaders of Iran.
On a related point, it's difficult to square the SPOW's unapproval combination of torture
and the combination of President Bush and torture policy.
Holding standard hearings on torture, McCain brought the weight of his own experiences
against the administration, cleansing rationalization.
He even held about principal position during the early primaries
but then ended up voting for legislation that helped make torture legal
at least in the eyes of the president.
The third major gap between the principal standard of McCain
and the presidential candidate McCain
concerns his stance to the military industrial complex
that is seized upon the fear-mongering post-NMLA of America
to justify the biggest peace-time military budget in any nation's history.
As expected, McCain was a rare and forced boy against enormous
waste in the military budget for programs designed to fight an enemy
who no longer existed and which couldn't be justified in the name of fighting terrorism.
Thanks in part to McCain's vigilance,
a defense contractings family exposed he's not an pentagon procurement officer
and the CFO of Boeing being sentenced to federal prison.
When it was revealed that the Air Force was releasing the needed air tankers
at an initial cost of $30 billion.
It wasn't the first time the McCain had risen on the spread of Florida
which used the pentagon of being encodes for the defense industry lobbyist.
It does deserve high marks for being one of the few members of Congress
willing to hold the military industrial complex accountable.
But we hear a little from that McCain these days as he goes on and on
praising a pointless war on Iraq that's become the main excuse for wasting
trillions in so-called defense dollars.
This last is the deal breaker.
It's simply not possible to be a genuine small government
give taxpayers a break present while fighting to pour trillions more
down the rattle of failed imperial adventures.
John McCain, insane.
No doubt about it.
$2.92 on your poll are coming by the ones now, Chris.
All right, President Trump,
probably should have won at least what, $40,000, $50,000 on there?
That's what Putin says.
Well, that's his horse is the really favorite in your race.
And that's the first race.
Yup.
Sean Tells Subbell and Gmail Zaki.
Maybe she's all right.
All right.
Many times maybe she'll be lucky.
Maybe I'll get lucky with her.
Get it?
On my phone.
That's what I'll find a you best in your opinion.
You took some stone vitamins to make sure you grow up.
It is strong.
But today, big and strong is good enough,
and that's why you need to give New York kids
some stone-truable steroids.
The non-vitamin would be extra powerful.
A bad beer cell.
What do my kids need most?
Healthy, balanced, nutritious, or aloevo muscle mass
that makes them feel like they can't block anything in their pan?
Some stone-truable steroids coming more kicking flavors,
like red-slipped iron,
and banjole, and oxygen-dead-o-dreams.
With stones-truable steroids,
your kids will love their new volcano-sp fainted muscle tissue,
and it'll be years before they even care about their ever-stricken genitalia.
And what little girl wouldn't want to be there first and her brownie troupe
to have her own GO-P?
Bloody-eak!
Make New York and have good stone-truable steroids,
please!
10 million Penny темbs!!!
Volker!
It's 12.45 at 5.5.
So, it's either the QAM.
Only 25 minutes to a post-amp or where it's going to live by.
Woo!
Can you smell that pressure?
I can feel it.
Maybe somebody's starting their girlfriend.
No, hold on.
Can you just think about me?
I just want to talk to the doctor that'll cut me a big one.
You can't roast on your poker.
How's that phone coming by the way?
Ticking butt.
Hahaha.
It's low.
Oh yeah, listen to that.
Woo!
A dial tone.
God only knows we're starting to make some real movement in the 21st century.
Very well.
The 1st of dial tone and maybe some day actually a call, but not soon.
3!
Yeah.
Jamba!
Jamba!
24 minutes till the first.
It's too early to make a better minute.
I mean, it's not really, but what do you want to do?
Uh, whatever.
Whatever you say.
It doesn't start at 110.
Right.
Well, we can bet during the, uh, the, the, what a clockbreak or the up to what a clockbreak.
That's what I said.
You might not change my mind.
Okay, what?
Steve has had these listenings that his pen is ready to write it down.
How about if he met the last three $3 doubles?
$1.5 and $6 over the 2 and 9.
Okay.
That's 18 bucks.
Okay, and he handled it.
Yeah, that's beautiful.
No, I was going to bet $20 per race if you want to.
For a race?
Yeah.
You know, you know, you've got something there.
If you've been on here talking about throwing away money like that when you're begging for
money, this is an investment.
I'm going to get it back.
It's investment.
Crazy person.
I know what business is all about you.
You've got to tell me the money you make for a bunch of gold.
A fool on his money or something.
I love it.
I said, I'm here for a good time.
Yeah.
Let's find it.
You are right.
I said, I'm not here for a good time.
It's for a good time.
Right.
So $3 doubles.
$1, 5, and 6 over the 2.9.
And then of course the mile will be 8 over the 4.
Whatever the deal will be.
Oh, it's 10.7 on by the way as a model.
Really?
And a jockey, yeah.
Well then, I got the right time.
Name down.
Remember that Google heard.
Once you just bet all your money to win on her because she needs to be high.
Okay.
And then I'll bet all my money on just one sign because he's down on this 70's and 91.
Now just stick with what I told you.
Okay.
Don't start getting it out.
You want betting jockeys because they're cute or you know.
This is especially the horse too.
Okay.
Bending jockeys is silly.
Horse.
Horse.
We don't have the jockeys running around the track.
Now that will be kind of interesting though I think.
Yeah.
That would be.
Yeah.
I'd like to reflect that.
That's what raised.
It's per...
So is Steve going to go make your bet for you or what?
Yes, yes he is.
Is he got it?
He's got it.
$3 doubles, $156 over the 2 and 9.
Got it.
Sounds like 18 bucks to me.
Beautiful.
John Falker and Spurkin Chim says,
Is he completely out of mind?
Watching her pretend she had a shot at the nomination, we defined ambition as cyclist, dangerously reckless,
and a harbinger of doom for anyone who came near her.
Now she has the omitted gated gold and fighter's puff into the weak spot.
Imagine her and Bill in the White House.
Obama would have to be completely and utterly mad to even consider hers the running mate.
She would be interjecting yourself before every camera within sight.
She'd babble in every microphone no matter who'd been invited to speak.
She would behave as if she were in the top spot.
But unlike change, she'd never be quite uptrucid.
Unobtrusive.
Obama's hair would be snow white within months to take an orifice.
Hillary was very useful for those paying attention to the enominating process.
She demonstrated every hour of every day the fixated obsessed compulsion to win, win, win at any cost,
and to help with the party the nation in the office itself.
In her defense, he hasn't been the only candidate who's been completely blind before their own terrible need.
Her obsession was everything, the only thing that mattered to her.
Finally, when her most ardent support was beginning abandoning her telling her it was over, she would do kind of.
She kept her delegates locked up as a unified force that she could use to bargain for a future position.
Her lock of grace bordered on vulgarity is she damaged her party against the mathematical certainty that she couldn't win.
So far, she hasn't asked that her campaign dead be afraid, but Hillary is counting every tip she has or magic she has.
Gracelessly as if there were not a moment to lose, she concluded the loss that she only seemed unaware of then.
Strecking while the iron was ice cold, she allowed us to how it's asked to express the vice presidency's autonomy of bomb at ticket.
Even though only minister passed into her confessions, she screamed at the earth and stars that she was ready to enable the junior that tickets of the party could unite and take back the nation from the Republicans.
Classic Hillary.
So whatever is required in traditional popular vernacular and believe it's efficient to mitigate the damage she caused.
The fact that Obama hadn't remotely indicated she'd be considered as a think didn't slow it out at all.
Hillary's handbitch is a polite youth fromism that fails to describe her unbelievable narcissism for obsessive compulsive fixation on winning elected office.
Many admired her for having courage to seek and win the political arena, but that was before it became known that her congressional record reflected her fixation on winning the nation's highest office.
She voted for us to help with the increased returns of winning the presidency, she became Hillary the Hawk and one part of her admirers wondered if she joined up with teen Bush.
There's one thing to say in her favor, if she won the nomination of the election she wouldn't bow out like groded, she'd fight tooth and nail and to the end no matter how bitter and the hell with anyone who tried to stop her.
Constitutions or crisis indeed, such as England pale and comparison to a Hillary crisis.
Hillary never wanted to demand the nations she wanted to be president first and foremost, then she'd get a round of thinking about her second term and whose she needed to place and ensure that she won it.
Watching Hillary disintegrate, Washington Pratt and Pratt are waiting to watch her believe was a favorable position, was the true lesson in self-imulation that they're invadible to the body of the country.
Bush had no idea why he was running for the nation's highest office, whose unbounded arrogance combined with his ignorance had taken the country to a low point it'll be difficult to ever recover from.
If Americans won't live in a great nation, they must learn that in tells and stuffless people are the most desirable of leaders, they must learn to listen carefully to the men and women who would lead them and they must learn to difference between fear honesty and selfish ambition.
As soon as the candidate begins personally attacking his opponent, all Americans should take heed. It almost always means two things.
The candidate who's attacking is behind in the polls and he can't discuss the issues because his party is largely responsible for causing the problems from which the issue is arose.
If he can successfully swift load his opponent, he stands in excellent chance of winning. If voters can't learn to be more discerning of their leaders, the nations can then be more of George Bush's will and yesterday Hillary attacks too.
When she stands by Bush and Simplibert can try to avoid and obitually pounce the wardrobe for a starting another one, this one with a ran, even going so far as to face you obliterate that entire nation, voters should have their political winners even to come and sense them all. They're being asked to be like someone who always prioritizes their ambitions over the nation's health.
They're all so-so if John Faulkner. How do you like that? Slowly. Yeah. But I am fine-spinced, they've got a long way in our house. No fist fights, no cat fights, no whatever. No beast things.
He had a 12 votes on your poll, but you'd be hard pressed to make 400 out of saying that. Well, it's Friday, you know. It's Friday, we got that UN Super Regional maybe or whatever's going on. What is that? It's not even that- No, I believe it's on our station.
It's on our station? I believe so. At what time? It's not on schedule. I think it's 7 o'clock in.
Hey George, F-step, he's engineering. What? F-step. What's going on? What's going on? What time?
7? F-step, that's 7. Yeah. Yeah, I know it's schedule here. It does take possible UN Super Regional's at the top, but about to ask to risk...
It's 7 o'clock, we got teens. We got the teens. And if there's one thing all you kids out there should never forget, I'll find it.
Oh, that's not it. That's not it. Here it is. Barricade, ink blow! Well, I'm getting little old. We got it. We just got them out. And when I'm up in Belkettinca, slap an old woman with painted lips on my poll. I listen to the new Rogers one or two.
I mean, I listen to the new Rogers one. And that one's one to two hours.
I think the thing with someone dumb is wrong. We didn't take their crap.
In Pearl Harbor, where the gyms drop their bombs, we bomb them bad. And now this party is fake in a tie. And on our charts are little flags waiting.
As that's all the love and reach I force the bombers to the wrong way. And on a barricade, we see in America where they pile over the dice.
The United States of America, and by force, it's finally free big at the time of freedom.
I'm happily told to Barricade and I disagree. I don't want to be a master mariners in a US-A.
What's a few thousand innocent lives? Truth is not living in the past. If you want that SUV to drive, you're going to need more gas.
It's the greatest country in the world. They dream of food and anyone who's as bad obviously. And so forth to the end of the barricade, where we take reality.
And we, the flagrant one, have to do with our head and look at this lively follow-up of ours. That we never, ever say.
I thought it was a perfect dog.
I think all you want is to see five and bring pressure. Five and everything's okay.
I'm happy Friday to have any idea how happy I am with Friday.
There's a lot of other people out there, both of us playing live.
George, George's got fingers first to fry. He's got to worry about the double. There's a whole bunch of us made that same bat, though.
Why? Because you said it.
Oh, Jesus, I'm not going to think about this. I mean, I know a little bit. I know more than you do.
Yeah, I think we got another four is taking some money here. Peach Tee Tee with Eureka Rosa de Silva.
We didn't bet him. We'd also been bet the eights by C.D. We didn't bet the seven. Rosy Regia with the lovely Justin Stein. No chance.
I don't think. Although, you know, when you go in the racing form, you can look at not every horse.
There's some that are just no change. But you can look like at that seven and do way back in October just in time.
One with that horse. I love it. One. Yeah.
What do you say?
I don't know. I'm not going to bet him.
So anyway, you got your tickets now. I do.
And look at the money that the five is taking out. That, of course, is the morning line favorite.
Sissy. S-I-S-I-Sissy. Sissy. Sissy. Sissy. Where's F-C-C? Sissy. Maybe it's a Hispanic horse. Maybe.
Let's be the breeding on this tire. This can dark Elka bar. No, I don't think so.
And the damn was Chardans. This is a chic of a dou. This is a terrorist horse. Yeah, I would never do.
This is a sputus guy. Bob. Maybe the fire is going to blow up right in the middle of the stretch.
Who's riding the fire? Oh, Amy O'Ran's standing. Good ride it.
So you got to one five and six and then the two of them and I'm looking for the second race one.
And if you have a live in the second race, you'll punch out a gut side and something. Right.
What do you think? That was great. You only got eight minutes. Have you got a line you're monitoring there?
Yep. Look at it in there. Let's see what's in the light.
Mr. Park Avenue was second by another six. And why not?
The hurricane in May, the town of Durkans, Durkans. So look how close Durkans are.
The one one when you're first race at Belmont. No, in the second.
You got it. One guy. Oh, I talked 65. I wanted to go 65.
One star in I, two and a half length lead. What do you think? Mr. Park Avenue was second by one.
I'll take an AC heart. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing.
I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I'm playing. I
I could get a no count online on this. It's next time on day and night. and bet all these tracks. All over the country. All over North America. And by the end of the summer. I would be at the food kitchen. I saved you a speech. I can go back and eat.
right at the mountain. What is that? Oh man I almost felt the weight from this guy.
I don't know what he is. He's a Chinese. He's a real handsome and obviously he has a bad
arm. The finger legs straight right now. Yeah. But he's like ten feet away from me watching
the monitors from the other side. Yeah. Oh yeah. You gotta see this guy. Oh God. I love those
people. The ones that are realist and are watching the real world. Come on. Get him in there.
Get him out there. Yeah. And of course they're always turning up their tickets and turning them
away. Oh God. He's like five feet tall. Really? Yeah. We're just given the changes that we're
buying now. I pick up the house. I don't think it worth doing. We don't have any changes in the first
two. Do we have one paying any attention? No. We don't have any scratches. Do we? I mean you?
Yeah. They look all up there. What? They're all up there. Okay. First place. So this one you
can be sure is a belt room. This is a problem. All the one that you got hit tonight and
it's a well he ought to be. He's always right there. He always is on the board of clothes. The
one. With the great telepazar. He's a really good jockey. And I don't know what he will spot.
So don't give me that crap. Oh Neil's all hurting on that. The seven Justin's size is 12.
The one he just in. What? Nothing told the one. You can't just like the six was hands
out seven. It's given you the hottest piece that ever came down the pike already. That's not
to be the better. I'll go ahead. The horse looks so young. The first start after a long
layoff last time she led the two out of the way and then took to third with Chan's hell riding.
In his name class and this is a longer race. This is the six for longs that was five and a
little bit. He's got pretty decent speed rate. You know the fire speed ratings. You know
those? No. Why not? Of course you got a little bit. He's got a lot of these things. I need a
plan. Now it'd be good for you if she won though. I think. Yeah. If you have like a six
nine. That's right. I was 59 double. That's not too bad. $3 double. My pay was 60 bucks. That'll be 90 bucks. Wow.
Wouldn't that be great for George? That means the money bad because they're using and treating
like drama. We can. Why? That's how you go. Don't be starting with that drug talking.
Okay. Drugs. I think it's such a big. I got all these things. It's a family time. Let's take
it to the children's state. 238 votes on Christmas. Paul's pretty weak. I'm really just
appointed. I'm bitterly disappointed. You believe me? No. I'm very calm today. You notice that?
I mean, how's that phoning coming? Chris? Call what? I didn't hear you. At two or
two. I'm getting in my business. It's a beautiful, it's hotter in hell by the way. Yeah.
Let me tell you what's a temperature. Oh, the one just got hit down before the one in the
five is seven to five. Talk. 31. What is 31? I don't have my anger. It's a chart here. Yeah.
They're about their boots and the same tomorrow and the same Sunday. No waiting. First day
where stay was going to win. And now it's just hot and steamy. Steamy. I like it. I like
it. Not not too human. It's going to be. They said the human X is going to be 43. What is
that? A hundred and something? Yeah. A lot of it. Like in the desert. 115. Well, there's
a lot of Obama, Obama and Olympic Washington rally. Tokyo, Madrid. Olympic Rose. The other
tiny cities there. Spago, Tokyo, Rio de Janeiro and Madrid. All in the running for the
50. That's the mayor daily, near daily junior. Okay, let's get back to your races. Okay,
because it's only a couple minutes away from the real side that we don't want to miss that.
Three minutes to post time for the first race. This is eight horse race in Georgia's
last three of them. Okay. One is nine to two. The five is seven to five favorite. And
the six is quarter one with the lovely. That's pretty interesting. It was a model. I couldn't
find any pictures in the road. I'm sure if I would have scoured. I would have found it. Or if you
just spelled it right. I didn't spell a right. What if I would have spelled it right?
4UAT. ANTAL. How does the LCS spell San Tau? I don't know. Do you know what it says? Oh,
you're an expert now. Georgia's the expert. You know what? All the jockeys. The five just got
hit to even money. Seaspe. The terrorist horse. He's got those Arab
connections, man. Let's see who the owner is on that horse. Owner is an uphill
horse. That's not very innocuous, isn't it? And the trainer is the great Kevin
of Tard. Kevin of what? But the fire is it's tender. Elect bar. Oh, that's some real,
real terrorist down the connections there. Of course, you know, all the cheeks now. They've got
the all the big race horses in Dubai. All the big racers there. All the expensive
hostments, all those cheeks in Newark are getting the money. Us and your gas tank. That's
right. That's right. They've been getting the money for a long time. They're just
raping us so they can go out and buy these great race horses. And we know a lot of races.
Now, if they would just tell us who the winner was, yeah, then maybe we'll get some of our money back.
Sure. I sure like that one horse that 9 to 2, I'll send it out. If I was there, I'd be
betting like 20 bucks across the board on the one. I know that's not a great bet.
And that's what I would do. Yeah, we still still won. Still but no. Yeah, we got a minute to
post. They're going to the gate. Now I'll wait it. For that. I guess that's what he always does when they
get in there. He's very predictable and always ill. Your favorite track announcement.
Now that Dave Johnson retired. Right. Although I can't say that I ever heard Dave call a race.
You never heard and down the straight. They come. The horse is a star race. The starting
boy. There's Daniel. Who we rooting for the one of the six. The five I mean is OK,
but he's even more. Six with a girl. Yeah, then let's go. Can tell that way from you to
the party. It's Devon Justin's time. Come on, baby. They yozy. What is it?
It was great. How about it? How about one? He's along with seven.
Seven. Seven. One. There he is. And spicy fish. Take your food off this in
your pants. Here we go. There are the poles. Here we go. Yeah.
Yeah. What are you talking about? You don't have that part of the legs.
There goes the fish. Second. That's the first and the last.
Up in the air like that. In the five. It's the top. Look at that. We're first one, five
six. That way out. Get us to the end behind that first. That was the one in the
three T. Time of the season. And the outside was starting one for freedom.
Much better. And then that quarter mile was in 20 to three. And they had to
work the farthest. Get off. Get off. We've got money across.
I don't want to do that. On the outside. Paradise. It's a chicken. You're
good. Yeah. Get us to getting what old. Now I see this. From far away.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That
That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That
And then Nicole. That's it. That's it. That's it. And then go Belly. and then go Belly. And then go Belly. and then go Belly. And then go Belly. And then go Belly. and then go Belly. And then go Belly. And then go Belly. and then go Belly. and then go Belly. and then go Belly. And then go Belly. And then go Belly. and then go Belly. and then go Belly. Only. And then go Belly. And then go Belly. And then go Belly. Give me back for too little. and then go Belly. in the low enl right there. and then go Belly. In the low enl right there and go Belly. And then go Clo I'm in the low enl right there. and then go Belly. And then go Belly. in the low enl right there and then go Belly. And then go Belly. In the low enl
I was drinking flu, out of four, not that essentially,
long, short, all radio, the GM,
old, five, six, old, Jolly, Rale Joe.
Once that had been in the five, 60-�,
70-kms, George is going to make up
a pop-ball money in the room.
You know what I should have done,
and I thought about this earlier,
was to have you wheeled a lot of the devil on top,
and you'd be alive.
You have maybe room for the longest time in the board.
Right?
So how the hell we got there,
the five chimps is just out the chalk, right?
The stuff that got there.
Justin's dying?
Justin!
Well, I tell you, good luck.
With a bad horse.
So it was 167.
Mm-hmm.
And what are the doubles?
Did you see what those were for you?
I was at the moment, scratched by the way,
in the second race.
Which can't tell with your grill.
Oh, well.
You weren't betting that one anywhere.
You got the two in the ninth,
so that means there's only eight horses now,
instead of nine.
And you got two of them.
What are the doubles for you?
Come on, let's go.
Did I get it?
They're not up here?
No.
Here's Mama.
She's been running third by in the third two.
After that, it's marvelous.
Chester, true values, work low on her.
And I tell you about the chalk, man.
That's fine.
A fool who was in the horse blew up in the stretch.
I told you, man.
Yep.
Suicide by my horse.
Maybe it was a chiming line.
167.
Maybe it was a Punjab line.
151 votes at our pool.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Not who do you want to win?
Not who you've got to vote for.
You know.
What I tell you about Chath's,
but his business even money to it, Mama.
Are you watching Mama?
Yep.
Or half mile.
Yep.
Can you see it?
Yep.
The two on the rail is even money.
He's going to get beat.
At the rail enterprise.
I don't even know who's going to beat it.
I'll be right back.
Work low on her.
That is seven.
I'm going to draw.
Look at his seven.
White iris.
He's down his back.
Blow by the iron.
He's going to be somewhere real.
He's got that.
He's got that even money.
He's got his money.
He's going to get beat.
He's going to get beat.
He's going to get beat.
He's going to get beat.
He's going to get beat.
Back to third along the rail.
Two values in marvelous checker and S.
Two is going to be one and one.
13 and two.
At the top of the stretch.
Chris P. prints on the inside and with all honors.
And there are nose to nose.
And here's marvelous checker.
We like flying them and closing in.
With each and every slide in the far outside.
Here's Mama, my first checker.
He's got them on and goes by the top two.
marvelous.
When I say about that truck, you gasp and get that oxygen out.
And my 222 votes on the pool.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Barack Obama 235, 65.
7.
Two tears of the votes.
John McKean, 81, only 23% of this crowd.
I don't care 22 and Bob Barr, the libertarian Nazi, 1214.
14 silly people.
Just being silly, huh?
There's nothing wrong with being silly.
Our management does that all the time.
We got that change game.
I guess, I guess, I guess, Tars can be bothered to remake the schedule, right?
I guess.
That would have been a little bit too much like work.
Trusting is on respect to the rest after yesterday's when those numbers came out.
Right?
Right.
And maybe I've got the wrong schedule.
Because I see there's more pages here that you retrace me.
Maybe it's not time to say, oh, maybe it's my bad.
Yeah, it's my bad.
Here it is.
The updated.
There's the updated schedule.
You never even collected me on that.
Well, I don't have anything to credit.
Your man is 40645, and you have posted Arizona in the Super Regional Festival 55.
What is that Super Regional's crap?
We never used to have that.
Sorry, a couple years ago.
You can need a regional's and then who want to regional's and what's the college world's
curious number out.
I'll tell you one thing, boy, there's some really hot people in Omaha,
of all five sectors, man.
It just wow.
There are some beautiful, those corn-fed Midwestern beef and people.
Midwestern meat.
And those great steakhouse in Omaha.
It's just easy.
We had some really great meals in that time.
Never been to Omaha?
No.
A lot of people ate food.
You know, that's the Bible, though.
You know, that's the Bible, though.
You know, it won't care.
Because I was thinking when I was there, oh, God, look at that.
It's 16 minutes for the second race.
You're two horses, five to one and you're nine horses.
That's the one you want.
He's 10 to one.
He's the longest shot on the board right now.
And I don't see why.
In Yine?
What is the top level where a pair of ice with amulets stand me?
Boy, you're going to have a nice couple of fat items.
So what's the double speed?
Yeah, that's the double speed.
How's that phone thing coming?
Chris, it's still going to answer a lot of questions.
Yeah, it was really funny.
There's the phone line.
A dial tone.
So we don't have the double possibilities up here?
No, come on, come on, come on.
Are they coming up?
One, two, 80 bucks.
80 bucks, you got a three dollar number.
It's 120 bucks.
Well, that is 157.
Woo!
So we're moving forward, George.
Right.
That's what he's saying.
157 and 78 would be 235 bucks.
My God, it's more than George makes an amulet for me.
Right.
Wow.
I don't know.
Confidence is a marginal.
That nine, 10 to one.
Now, let me take a look in the former game.
I know the audience is in here.
What is it I like about him?
He's dropping down.
Oh, he's just coming back after a layoff.
I just realized that.
First time after a layoff.
The last race from December.
Well, that's not always bad.
The last time is first time after a layoff.
He finished seventh as a favorite.
And not just that, not good.
But he had a great race with Amulet Ram Sammy on October 11th
with a 98 speed rating and one by four and a half
at this distance, my honest.
There's a fist along the way, by the way.
Say, I have a chance to like get all excited and aggravated.
And the two, who's the two?
Classics choose.
Ooh.
With a great title of his role.
Who just won the first race.
It could be an all-time-a-puzzle adult.
It happens often, what?
I said, really?
Well, I wouldn't be bad.
What is it?
80 bucks, 120 would be nice.
I'll tell you.
How much did you bet 18?
18, yeah.
Winning 100 and 2 bucks, man.
Chris is pretty jealous about that.
And Chris, who don't want to start going out to these
Augusto and remotes?
So he got free to it today.
That's where he got how he's really bitching about.
And I think I always very much.
So does Josh Quartus.
Thank you very much, how he's really happy.
They're so good to the people at this place out there.
Which is a good thing because the management is showing.
They ain't.
The man's 11 of ones.
I guess I picked a bad one.
Because I didn't realize he was first start after a layoff.
Which is always a bad thing.
You know, he has a chance to refresh him up.
Seven out of 11 first or second this the last year.
That's pretty good, eh?
I guess.
And made 67,000 bucks.
That's a nice horse.
We're a paradise.
Maybe Moe was riding a mere paradise.
When he said,
Oh, totally.
Maybe this came doctor that did Moe's two plays working on this horse.
Oh, you've had Moe too much, Neil.
You've had him too much.
See, yeah.
And what's the story on the two horse?
Oh, he's moving back up again.
But he's been all over the place as far as the class.
He went in a 40,000 claimer.
But that's way back November two years ago.
And last time up in 16 claimer, he was second to race after a layoff.
Yeah, he's coming on.
He's going to be right there as a two.
The time of his row.
In other words, I don't know.
Good luck.
That's all I can tell you is good luck.
I made a good news be yours.
Thank you.
His king film, it looks very good night in good luck.
And it was really nice thing, you know, to the window.
He did a great job, by the way.
He told them they're not good, but great.
And, and mention this today, he announced last night that three out of the last four nights,
up until the last night, I don't know about that, they beat the hell out of Fox.
They beat O'Reilly and the Aradins.
And it's handy because they replay him three times.
It's handy to crack out of Greta, Van Sauer's room.
And he beats me in and too.
So people finally are starting to realize that if you want the truth about what's going on,
and what we really care about stuff, and you want to watch one of those talking,
he had chose, it's free for them in an MSNBC campground, eight to nine, 10 to 11,
and one to two in the morning, whenever they show it again.
Do you like it?
Yeah, doing a phenomenal job.
And to publicly, that's why I had all these millions of people turn out in these primaries,
not because people are happy.
And if you think they want happy, bring the primaries, wait until November,
when you're paying 75 bucks to fill up a, a, a, a gallon to fill up your tank.
Thanks a lot, Mr. President.
I forgot to say that today we try to thank him every day from the bottom of our parts.
For the phenomenal job of invading another country, the nine got hit to 10 to one.
He's close to, he's co-longed his shot in the bull.
What's that double again, 1927?
Yes, 235 bucks would be so sweet, wouldn't that be nice?
George could take the whole family out for a really nice restaurant this weekend.
I got certificate for that.
Like I said, don't waste your money on food.
Time to eat, you bastard.
The rock dead, you're not in return.
Looks like he's from up in land.
Hardly yet, it gives life to us.
I'm a dumbass, getting away from all the needs and the trouble in faith.
Hardly yet, it gives life to us.
I'm a dumbass, getting away from all the needs and the trouble in faith.
George, you're trapped, you're too much.
How about it, if you were dead, we'd be able to build a better world.
Yeah, and now I'm dead in the bull.
Now give him his co-longed, in the perfect zone.
You're not dead.
I'm a dumbass, getting away from all the needs and the trouble in faith.
I'm a dumbass, getting away from all the needs and the trouble in faith.
I'm a dumbass, getting away from all the needs and the trouble in faith.
I'm a dumbass, getting away from all the needs and the trouble in faith.
The whole life is in the perfect zone, the trouble in faith.
Can I get a picture of this giant black-and-white fox?
I am by the way, take you back to Robin's in Hollywood.
Is that the name of the shop?
Alright, they brought us ice cream for everybody.
Really?
I got an Oreo's Sunday and it is an awful Oreo and Fudge or Oreo.
You've banished your new one.
I'm watching it that was here.
Here's race 2 of Dullmont coming up.
I sure hope that second winter fear with how long we got.
A formidable second.
Let's see up here.
They're sure that I can winter fear with a word by an L-Cum.
That will precede everything.
It does say no minutes to post race 2 at Dullmont, but the tour is just standing there.
He's not interested in going anywhere.
Get him in the gate, you idiot.
Get him in there.
Get that way.
Lifted his tail just dropped the gigantic load.
2 all, no.
This tour is just trying to send a message.
Like what?
Like Joey Zanzo?
Right, send a message.
The tour is blocking, man.
He don't want any part.
They're going to be searching for delay in this second race at Dullmont.
See, that's one of the things about Thurber Racing.
I've quoted this a million times, drives me nuts.
This horse has probably raised 55,000 times, but he don't want in there.
They've got 65 guys trying to shove his ass in there.
He don't want any part of it.
In the meantime, you're a second race.
You've got three minutes to two, a six to one, and the nine is the longest.
No, it's second the longest.
It's on the board, 13 to one.
And it's for the six is getting bet.
He's the favorite eight to five, but it's like a kind of an open race.
You got a seven to two and a four to one.
You don't have those.
I think you're going to lose.
But I mean, I'm hoping.
What?
I don't have a lot of confidence on this race.
The first one did I say I love that one?
That's right.
That's a big one.
Should have make it another better this race.
No, why do you want to do that?
You've already got 18 bucks invested there.
Did they get that tour?
It's in a Dullmont or what for Christakes?
Come on, Durkins, start working.
The horse was in a row on the track for the second race.
You're not going to look around with those.
There's a marriage.
There was an argument.
There won a mile and a 16th on Polytrack.
A number one mob has just been scratched.
Two is classic shoes on my windhaven.
So I can talk to a Pizzero.
Three is Dana's fair retail.
Dana's fair retail is owned by the B. Hempel.
You fair, riders.
That's order.
Stephen Chesley owns horse on his ferry.
I cost them a pailier.
Can's them a pailier.
Number five, Joyful Juno owned by Rainbow Stables.
Cafferter Brian.
Can's got a Brian Evertick.
We got M&D Wilson's second Zaryl Gowell owned by KK St. Gerrard Jim Baccoeany.
And Justin Stan who looks like a Jerome.
But never mind.
Christopher Fowler, the owner of Seven Day Meliza,
Urico Rosa, the silver.
Eight is six jiggles.
All by box Cerel Farm, Donald Jones.
And the nine.
And number nine, Rare Pellardy owned by three Stums racing stable limited.
And they'll ramshab it.
Four minutes until post-stop.
See that was on tape to post-parade.
Mm-hmm.
That's a pressure.
I mean, by God, if the nine wins,
you get 235 bucks back.
That's more than Chris makes in six months.
All in the nine just got hit to eight to one.
He was probably just got hit to eight to one.
You know what that means?
No.
What if you're true?
Uh-huh.
He's taking some late money here.
When you get hit from 12 to eight, late, it's great.
Well, that means you got a shot.
I would say my confidence in you winning this double is, uh...
I should have had you just bet 100 bucks across on the one.
Yeah, first round is good.
What did he pay by the way?
Pay about 1160.
He did?
Yes.
And what he paid of placement show?
We don't know.
You don't know?
We don't have that.
Well, what's funny bucks to win was 1160.
I was not too bad.
And we can sure use it the way this plays the L on my God.
But those ratings that came out yesterday, I wouldn't wish those on Heinrich Kimmer.
I wouldn't wish them on Mike Didney.
Anybody?
Or they're going in a gate for the second race?
My loans, please, please, don't pay us the long ways.
Okay.
And the two got hit to five to one.
You got a shot.
You got two shots.
There's only eight who's on the lead.
No, no, no.
Maybe the other six will fall down.
And how do you like it in that first race?
I was in front all the way.
Am I right?
Yes, I'm a loser.
I was five, two or six jiggles.
And where are pellet A?
Over pellet A.
I thought it was going to be a paradise.
What was he?
Bayer up the pole.
There are.
Come on, Danny.
Come on.
So there are.
A guy.
Mind the real good news.
A guy.
I think he's always supposed to do a replace as his where are pellet A.
And that was two.
Two under the last race.
That's right.
And where are pellet A?
As the lead R2's gal's ankle to the other side now.
I'm sorry, I'm third position.
Joyful, Jim has taken and handed forth.
You got about a five length lead.
He's out there.
He's out there.
Come on.
Pull those to the jiggles.
And the last of them all would be him.
I'm out there.
And the most he could lead.
Yeah.
As the meal ran, he's happy.
And where are pellet A?
That's what's making all that dream of one.
And the regular's one behind back scratch.
And the rare pellet A.
We've got the vice-7.
The nigga lot like that.
So you're right.
He's a betta.
And the last of them.
Second place.
And there's a four more lines.
There's this thing.
Story and truth.
And Joyful, Jim has managed to have three tails.
Six jiggles and dandelisers.
Risk classic shoes.
Right back there.
Trailing still has classic shoes.
Oh, and then the last section four.
That's a touching pace.
Yeah.
And the pace of 30 is good.
And the last thing I heard was they had to build three A's.
But the last thing I heard was they had to build a game ground now in second.
So I mean, as Archeez Gal.
Well, you're wrong.
Within a three four four.
What is the point?
I've rare pellet A.
So coming with a good now.
His danus fairy tale and rare pellet A has collapsed on the lead.
Over taken by Archeez Gal as they turn for home.
So you've got to watch this.
And then much less than that.
And now Archeez comes on.
They malize us.
And on the far side, six jiggles with one eighth remaining.
And then the two never got a damn call from Archeez Gal with an answer mountable lead with one sixteenths to go.
Six jiggles.
Classic shoes has come from way, way back into that quick pace.
Classic shoes will go to the finish.
That can be a lot of cash.
Yeah, it should be easier.
So what do you lose?
Oh well.
But it was an hell of a shot there, huh?
There was a lot of fun.
Like what?
Like what?
Who's an 18 bucks?
Yeah.
Who's an 18 bucks free code?
I've had less fun losing 18 bucks.
Like at that spot, we can play the couple of times.
There you go.
You got nothing.
Not even a tickle.
I got free ice cream.
What are you talking about?
That's right.
I got free ice cream or free sandwich?
Yeah.
I got some beans.
You know, we have a shot there.
When that horse went out there like that, I knew it's just a...
Yeah, that's right.
You're right.
Just a little...
A little exercise.
We have a 78 votes on our pool.
Who do you think will be the next president?
Barack Obama, 251.
Two thirds.
John McQueen, 87, 23%.
I don't care 25.
And Little Bobbar with a real nasty,
Tertlerian mustache, 15 bucks.
I do a U.
Bear, two.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Get in on my way back here.
I'm going to lose my peace of mind.
The last time I was a Titanir after a layoff and how he just died.
Too bad that wasn't the nine to just kept on going.
And all the two bads as the two got left in the gate and got such a bad start was a million
lights behind and then came real eight for a distance second.
He might have been a factor.
I doubt it.
If they went around two more times and fixed was still going away.
Got it?
Got it.
At least you got a little bit of a statement anyway if you're reaching above.
Not as exciting as the hurricane being right.
What is it that's the one I'm using?
The Adelso for Marlott.
Oh Marlott?
Marlott is on right now and you didn't bet it?
An race is over.
Yeah.
I would have.
You would have won.
Bet it.
Why?
Why?
I picked a six.
Even more.
Seven to one.
Seven to one baby.
15 dollar horse.
I told it a six and mom that's man.
When's it easy?
Come fly in there.
When the race is over, it's everybody's next for it.
That's one thing you'll know about horse racing and the more you go there and the more we do
be shows them real sweet.
When the race is over, everybody will tell you why the horse won, why the other one lost,
etc. and so on.
Maybe they'll take that six diamonds second race.
We're going too fast.
Yeah.
It's worth a lot.
It's 190 votes on the poll.
When it be next, we've got to need 400 just for the weekend here.
That would be a real feather in your ass.
I don't think you're going to do it though.
It's a presidential poll.
391.
You got 13 minutes to get nine more votes.
You think you can do it?
Did he leave us or what?
What?
Chris.
Oh, what's that called?
I was talking down the line before and I forgot to put it down the line for what?
Well, in break, I was talking to stuff to make sure you know when everything was all right.
How's that phone coming?
I just, you know what?
I refused to care because if I have to go through again yesterday with the back of my
head pounding and feeling like I wouldn't have been dead on the floor here, I'm not doing
that for the beastlies.
Okay, for these red necked nose pictures.
I ain't doing it.
Sorry, Jolly Joe.
Find somebody else to kill.
The unemployment rate took its biggest jump in more than two decades in the month of
May.
I spent four years once again, cut jobs from the USP.
Wasn't going to government report today showing you job market weekly than expected.
Oh my God.
So I better go to Woodline and make a bunch of money to scrap me.
I'm going to have a real talk into it with that jockey out there.
Who was that on the line?
Oh, Emil Ram's family.
Yeah.
But I don't have the rail on this thing.
Emil, I was a pretty crappy.
It was just out for a tightener.
That's after a layoff.
See, you know, you can get spelled tall, spelled before the wood.
I'm going to get Justin's phone over his wife.
My my not being too happy.
But you've been a true for what?
Get her as his.
I think that you heard.
I guarantee he's pretty in she is.
Well, we will not spite about that.
We don't know what would be.
You know, I'm telling Ray sure to five and a half percent from only five percent
in the April economist surveyed by briefing dot com and only forecast that closely
watched Ray would rise to five point one in the month.
Not good.
Five point five percent rate is the highest level.
It seems to be October in 2004.
A drop of this magnitude to even over a period of several months has considered a warning
sign of a recession.
Oh my God.
The unemployment rate is now full percent is poor.
Hard any year ago.
Thank you Mr. President for that too for the high gas prices and for the unemployment
and for the big people in Iraq for the destruction of our economy for the fact that nobody can
afford food anymore.
Thank you for all of these.
The labor department also reported there was a net loss of 49,000 jobs in May compared
with a revised loss of 28,000 jobs in April.
That was actually a touch better than economist forecast the loss of 15,000 jobs.
The history of the economy has lost jobs.
It was a touch better as in touch with this.
Thirty one degrees baby it is steamy.
It is hot.
Sunny.
Not a cloud in this guy.
What was a little puppy went over there in a cloud too.
What a perfect day for a ride to Woodbon.
Maybe I'll just keep on riding.
You know.
I'll ride off into sunset.
Sunsight.
Sunrise.
I'm just going to get on the highway.
Go to Hardee.
I'm going to keep driving till I find a hardy.
Have you ever stopped to think I'm sure not.
But has anybody ever stopped to figure out because when you're driving on the interstate
just like any of these that I was on coming up here.
Almost every exit.
There are a bunch of fast food joints.
You know I mean see all the signs McDonald's and Burger King and Wendy's and by dessert.
Kentucky fry.
I understand that but can you imagine how many of those must be.
How many of those joints do you have to be?
Boogeys.
Trillion.
Because billions.
My God.
A celebrity photographer chooses to stop in Jamie Lin's spears and are free on stainless
small Mississippi town has been arrested.
Everyone W.
Marino, authority of L.A. posted bond last week.
He scheduled a peer court next week.
Authorities in Liberty a small town in Southwest Mississippi near the Louisiana border.
Spend Marino wouldn't leave the pregnant spears in their fiends.
They case the average loan.
Marino denied the accusations in a phone interview with the Associated Press Wednesday.
He said he was about 200 feet away from the couple using a long lens when he was arrested
against the.
The other spheres in all the rich have been the subject of intense attention since the
announcement of pregnancy in December.
I don't tell my how old is she like six and she's going to bring out to runs in the
family man.
She said then she was 12 weeks along which would make the 17 you will do it any time.
17.
Old only with the era.
Marino said he had little luck taking pictures of the couple is preparing to leave
the area.
I've seen the young man in case you in pictures Marino said I have a work done in myself.
This is the first time I got to look at him was in court.
Maybe he's stuck in him.
I don't know what he looks like.
He's seen the young man in court.
Marino has worked his celebrity photographer for five years.
He was one of the paparazzi who's near pictures of Jamie Lin's.
He was older sister Britney without underwear.
Oh no.
Marino said he was the only photographer following the footage in most of his four days in
the liberty area.
I just think I since I was really one there was easy for them to sing on the obviously.
Paparazzi in my ass.
Leave people alone.
Okay.
There are a bunch of trailer trash.
There's crew on their brains.
They're popping out babies like a bunch of Muslims in heat.
Just leave them alone.
Cut the crap.
And I'll look at that.
400 votes.
Justice who are about to say goodbye.
Chris pulled a big surprise on the whole world.
400 votes.
That's right.
Hold it.
I'm going to rest my hand.
I'm going to rest the back of my hand.
I'm going to soak it.
We're going to go off to Woodbine.
We're going to have me a hot date with Justin Starr.
We're just.
I hit me.
Long back.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
Long back.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
I hit you.
Why did get my head in that box?
った Man I lool.
Nora ML похож inorenki
You know?
of D.
You're gonna fight?
You got it!
Try the hell!
Salon tosser!
Powerlant!
Pool smoker!
Go-go ass rangers!
You must be joking ass rangers!
Your powers have no effect on D.
Oh no!
We're gonna use plan B!
Let's do it!
Back door penetration!
Wait, ass rangers, what do you want to?
That's right, D.
Your days of play with your ainus are finished!
Stay your prayers and say hello to the meat rocket!
Looming up, ass rangers!
No!
No ass rangers!
Not the meat rocket!
Hold still, D.
As the penetrating begins!
Go-go ass rangers!
You must be joking ass rangers!
That's right, D.
Why letting your ainus will get you nothing?
But the meat rocket in the end!
Go-go ass rangers!
Go-go ass rangers!
Welcome!
Go-go ass rangers!
You might even fit ass rangers!
Bye-bye-bye!
