The music expressed on the pre-season.
Oh, we did just hear Stormpads, didn't we?
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Hey Stormy.
And he was racing.
Look how he was racing.
You're listening to Spokes out like you over at 16 W.
You're gonna blow, Jake.
Oh yeah.
I am a Ford Lutter.
There is a god.
Neo-God.
Now it's our almost 300 points.
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil,
dial 567-0560 and day and broard in other counties.
A style is down on the 8775 Neil or 757-780 and Verizon Wireless phones.
The opinion has been set to 74 points for his college and the NNPN-13A WQAM management staff.
Ford is hired soon for the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
Hey money penny, put me to the laser beam out of my wristwatch.
Ooh, put the dead roll watch.
Please lock him away.
For I recall the day on the side of Brunko Rye and he won't confess.
Oh, I don't care what they say cause oh, Jake.
Murderer where we love.
Absolutely.
It happened so soon on the 12th of June and no Jake ran away from that bloody mess.
I don't care what they say cause oh, Jake.
Murderer where we love.
Yes.
I have waited quite a while but I see he's still on trial.
It goes on and never ends.
As it does I know that Oh, Jake murdered them.
Lock him up please and throw away the keys.
It's a game of the crames of his innocence.
I'm dying on the air.
I don't care what they say cause oh, Jake.
Murderer where we love.
Murderer where we love.
Better late than that world.
Justice will be served.
When I great that was the best thing to have it over the weekend.
Yeah.
Besides my having dinner with Hank had woodbying on Saturday.
And beside the Patriots winning yesterday at Matt Castleboy he is sure pretty.
I'll tell you that.
He's not very good but he's pretty.
And he played okay yesterday.
And the dolphins were smelling super bowl cause where my amy dolphin.
Oh, I just had to come down over there.
What?
Come down over there.
They're not going to the Super Bowl.
Oh yeah.
I mean, well, I'm smelling it.
The stench, the aroma of elephant dung.
They won a game.
Baby, they beat those very inconsistent San Diego charges.
They looked really, I didn't want any of it.
I didn't want a second of it.
I bet you were glued to it.
Chris, Chris, by the way, has been chewed out by the beast.
The beast who is the most overgrown, no, and I take that back.
He's the second most overgrown child of QAM.
The most overgrown child is our program director, Clarence Deer.
I love eating nuts.
Yeah.
You are nuts.
You're an idiot.
You and your UM's crap.
Hey, by the way, how about the hurricane?
Oh, yeah.
What did I tell you that Friday?
You went there a Thursday.
You wouldn't listen to me.
Chris, uh-huh.
What are they now?
One, three.
Two and three.
They played two girls teams.
Well, they played Texas Day and A.
They had an earlier girl team.
They had like a grown-up girls team.
And then the little girls team, they started the season with.
Two and three.
Three losses, man.
It's not good.
That smells bad.
Smells.
I'm smelling super bowl, because we're the Miami Doth.
All these front-running phonies, man.
You're a joke.
And speaking of front-running phonies, how about those cubs?
Yeah.
I wonder how that guy feels.
That's schmuck.
Oh, you're getting on the bad wagon, Neil.
Oh, boy.
Where's the thing where Harry says the cubs suck?
I think it's just under the cubs suck.
No, it's not.
The cubs suck.
Trust me when I tell you.
It's under the cubs suck.
Trust me.
The cubs suck.
The cubs suck.
No wonder I can never find it.
I never knew where it was.
The cubs suck.
The cubs suck.
They got swept by the Dodgers.
The cubs suck.
The season is over.
Yeah, it's over.
So that schmuck.
Oh, you got to be watching WGN tonight.
Yeah, all right.
Blow it out your ass.
OK, silly loser.
When are you going to wake up and stiff the daffodils already?
It's a choke franchise.
Choking and gagging.
And the Dow is down.
Three and 32 points.
Speaking of choking and gagging.
Oh, boy, not good.
Didn't you think that the bailout was going to get them in Asia?
We've seen European central banks and...
You have a screen.
You talk like a screenwriter.
You have their financial institutions.
That doesn't instill confidence over here.
Plus, you have the added recognition that there's really virtually no doubt at all
that we are now in a recession.
Right.
And the question is...
Thank you, Mr. President, for the recession.
And for all the dead people in Iraq and all the low gas prices.
And Sarah, by the way, she says,
blow it isn't qualified to be president.
Here's the poll from Friday from George, who didn't even watch the debate.
I did eventually.
I had the wife take it for me.
I watched about how.
Oh, did you?
Can I call you Joe?
Can I call you Joe?
You got to admit she memorized your lines really well.
And of course, the Republicans did a great job of deballing when I fold before the debate,
which was their whole purpose.
And as a result, there was no follow-up.
And when Sarah said, oh, I'm not going to answer your questions.
I'm going to talk to the American people.
When I just sat there with that stupid, dushman, Aiden grin on her face like, oh, well, okay.
Whatever you say.
I'm not going to answer your questions.
What kind of a debate is that?
Shut up, Connie.
In many cases, she couldn't answer the questions.
And there was something in spite of her home spun, winking and then thinking and whatever else she was doing and not.
The public still didn't buy it.
Everybody in their brother said, wouldn't Joe Biden want the debate and believe me, he was no ball of fire.
He was, he looked like a dead man on doggy donors.
Yep.
What's your take on the Vice Presidential debate was Georgia's poll question on Friday.
Sarah Palin is a blathering idiot 318.
I thought we already knew that.
That's what I voted.
Joe Biden won 302.
That's what I voted.
Sarah didn't choke like I thought she would, 215.
She didn't gag.
And although I bet she she has,
I'm more scared of Sarah than ever 183.
I didn't watch it, 121.
8% of this is two audience didn't watch it.
By the way, Neil at Nearoges.com, I know it's a tough email address.
Very disappointing over the weekend, very little.
Although I have another, waaah, email a long one from Gary in the New Orleans.
Who doesn't understand that he's chronic?
Chronic question, Markie.
I'm going to rip you an ass, Gary.
You simple did.
Didn't watch it, 121.
Who cares?
I just want to do Sarah Palin 94.
94 we desperate guys with bad taste.
I mean, if she's something to get all excited about, I just,
I don't get it.
Who added that?
Who added that option?
You're asking me, you were on the air.
I know.
Who cares?
I just wanted to do Sarah Palin.
I'm sure you did.
Not me.
Who did it, Chris?
Must have been Lee.
He didn't show it to us on Friday.
He must have had it.
Oh, that's right, Chris.
Well, Chris wasn't here on Friday and he allegedly is going to be here again on Friday
because Clarence keeps taking him off of our show and sticking him elsewhere.
Because our show takes it up the...
Back down.
Clarence and Beast sitting in a tree.
F you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Sarah Palin 168.
I like Sarah more now, 32.
And Joe Biden is a blathering at you, only 14.
14 right-wing elunatics like Edward Sniske or whatever's name is that keeps eating,
emailing me.
I sent him a couple of emails back.
Don't ask me why.
I guess I was bored at the time.
Must have been.
Just scathing.
Do us all a favor and retire and get off the air.
And obviously, listen every minute of every day whether I'm on or you're on you.
Hey, Ed, get yourself a hobby.
Clarence is on now and you can listen to Rush and Sean Hannity and Tom,
the Schmidt-Mistor and all the other right-wing propaganda.
I've just never understood people who'd listen to somebody that they hate like poison
and just want to bat, bat, bat, like that.
Because they're mean, mean-spirited right-wing A-holes.
Speaking of idiots, G. Goldbard in New Orleans again,
chronic question mark?
I listen every day for over 20 years and call the show twice and all that time.
And none in the last five or six years.
Thanks.
You switched the email for three weeks and seemed to be a little short on them.
So I send you a few over these several weeks.
A few dozen.
A few my ass.
Mainly to support your choice.
What do you do?
You curse me out and salt me, call me a chronic.
Use my last name on here, which you never do for anybody else.
And totally put me down.
Does this make any sense?
Let me tell you.
Absolutely.
Yes.
His last series of emails were all whining about the archives.
Man, man, the last hour's net, man, and you're totally incompetent.
Yeah, why don't you guys do something like, man, anyway, even emailing Eric whining about it.
Remember that?
Yep.
I guess what set you off was the request to get the archives back up to speed, which is the only way I get to listen anyway after all these years.
I understand your weird brain pretty well and read it off to entertainment.
At least you usually will realize when you've made mistakes in the past and are picking up to apologize.
The true rear quality.
The best or worst example is with Keith Oberman.
But what am I going to apologize for?
I'm going to apologize to this chronic idiot.
He's been listening for over 20 years.
Congratulations.
We'll send you a medal.
Okay, to New Orleans.
And by the way, a perfect place for you to be.
Keith Oberman, I stopped listening to him when you wrote him off and insulted him after the I'm a severe.
He stopped because I had some criticisms of him.
Therefore, he stopped listening to him.
I mean, you talk about a guy with no brain in his own.
If I told you to go to the Bayou right now and jump into the water and drown, would you do it?
Oh, please.
That was a shame because I missed so many of his great shows.
I believed you when you called him an A-hole, etc.
After you reversed yourself, 100% of him also started to watch again.
He is amazing and wonderful.
Neil, you owe me an apology.
I'm not chronic and we'll never write you another email.
Oh, please.
Oh, hallelujah.
Oh, happy day.
You an Edward Snisky.
I'm always remain a devoted fan no matter what.
I just hope you see the light.
There's no light to see.
You're chronic.
You're out of control.
You're a whiner.
As if Georgia, I have some ability to do something with it.
I'm streaming for the archives.
There you go.
We have nothing to do with it.
You can just hope you're streaming.
I understand.
I was only trying to be supportive sending emails these last few weeks.
You might not read this on the air and I really don't care.
Keep up the good work.
Happy New Year.
Gigi's still alive in New Orleans.
Oh, go away already.
You see what a bastard you are, man?
Yeah.
Ask these people to email.
Say something.
Don't keep complaining and whining.
They'll understand.
Let's take a lot of people that is saying something.
There's nothing in there.
There is nothing in the email.
No items in this view.
How do you like that?
Here I've been sitting, ranting and raving for 11 minutes.
We've got 541 votes on the new poll.
The 553.
What's Chris's goal today?
The Dow is down 315, by the way.
It's not good.
Especially if it's 650.
Well, don't let me forget to tell about my dinner with Hank Saturday.
650.
What are you talking about?
I wish to get it.
No wonder the beast hates you like poison.
It wants to get your fat ass fired.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know?
That's what I hear.
That beast.
You know what this station loves the best?
Little troublemakers who waddle around.
A little Robert Gieber.
There's another one.
Little backstabbing troublemakers like the beast.
Don't you mess with our boardop beast?
You little turd.
You fat little waddling turd.
God.
Oh, there's Hank is on CNN.
553 votes.
What's your take on the OJ Simpson conviction?
Well, I can sum it up with a sound.
Oh, yeah.
Great.
Better late than never 399.
I don't care 103.
OJ got screwed 40.
I've actually that screw-and, voted 40 times.
And who's OJ?
11.
Oh, I got to do a stunt.
Oop.
What?
Well, I caught a third midstream.
You ever catch it midstream?
Just this morning.
I'll bet.
1013 at 560 WQM Happy Monday to you.
A week after week, more and more people are taking advantage of meals half-priced deals on WQM.com.
And this week is no exception.
Starting Thursday, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates for $50 to an Oka Indian restaurant on the Peacock Lounge.
They're boasting about a new larger location in the heart of the grove, a modern atmosphere with a bally wood theme.
Tri-opticizers like shrimp and lobster nests or Mumbai nachos, feast on a fabulous entree that are an Indian spin on American classics,
like their famous butter chicken called mukni murji, spice-crusted hanger steak and Marsella meatloaf.
They also feature a full bar and bottomless glass of wine daily.
An Oka Indian restaurant on the heart of the grove, called 786-552-1030 for reservations.
And thanks to me, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates at half price.
Starting this Thursday at noon on WQM.com.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
The best talent is in the market.
And the brand of the soap is in the power of ice.
And the brand of the soap is in the electricity stop.
like a butter is in the power of ice.
And the brand of the soap is in the power of ice.
It gets stuck in the shirt and stepped too small.
in bus
bullet
blue
in
in
in
There's some emails on here now.
There's a malfunction at the junk in my outer looker's press.
Really though.
Yeah, there was something screwed up on there, but bull.
You visited?
There are a few.
There's a couple.
Did you visit?
Nothing good though.
Oh.
Here's one from Sam, who's all been out of shape.
Your football knowledge is slipping.
Another lucky one for us, huh?
If you're so knowledgeable about football, then tell us who will win the Super Bowl as opposed to the 30 other teams who won't win.
Wrong again.
You're getting senile, it's the same.
I'm senile.
What did I say?
I said the dolphins won yesterday and we're talking Super Bowl, man.
We can smell it.
Hmm.
We're talking Super Bowl, because where the...
Yeah, I remember that one year, a hundred years ago when Tony Cigarette was on there.
Pretending to be the news guy.
There's nothing worse than a sports guy.
Pretending to be a news guy, you know what I mean?
I think that's back when he was still a sports nerd.
And it was one of those years when he started.
They won the first three or four games and, oh, we're talking Super Bowl.
That was the segment, the special segment.
We're talking Super Bowl.
Yeah, you're smelling Super Bowl is what you're smelling, Tony.
You're smelling it.
Hey, Neil, I thought you might like this.
You're tied.
I'm writing to say you would tell you about an excellent product.
Oh, hefty bag, people still.
Jim and Kendall, thanks Jim, but no thanks.
Here's somebody having a Monday...
Yesterday, my grandmother got the right wing propaganda.
DVD obsession.
I got it and broke it in half.
I'm in a Howard Field mood.
Can't wait for November 4th.
PS, family, a guy, episode of Surfing Bird, is really funny.
Reminded me of your show since you updated this.
Since you played it live.
Oh, blah, blah, blah, whatever.
Okay?
And here's the Manhattan Institute Daily Update.
That piece of crap.
We get so much swill on that email.
But you know what?
Delete, delete, no problem.
I'll see if this one was worth reading.
Oh, yes, same again.
It printed out twice.
Your football knowledge is slipping your scene up.
And that's the important parameter of what your mind is sharp.
Is what you have great football knowledge, right?
That's the important stuff.
Witting a ball game.
How about those hurricanes, huh?
Those hurricanes.
Sorry, Donna Shalaley.
Hey, Donna.
You're fairing.
Oh, now this is cute.
It's a joke, but it's cute.
I pre-read it.
I screamed it.
Good.
A teacher in Elmire, New York, who's a McCain supporter, asked her fourth grade class,
how many of you are McCain fans?
Not really knowing what a McCain fan is, but wanting to be liked by the teacher.
All the kids raised their hands except for Little Johnny.
The teacher asked Little Johnny why he decided to be different.
Little Johnny said because I'm not a McCain fan.
The teacher asked, why aren't you a McCain fan?
Johnny said because I'm a Democrat.
The teacher asked him why he's a Democrat.
Little Johnny answered, well, my mom's a Democrat.
My dad's a Democrat.
So I'm a Democrat.
Anointed by this, the teacher asked, if your mom was a moron and your dad was an idiot,
what would that make you?
With a big smile, Little Johnny replied, that would make me a McCain fan.
Oh!
Not cute?
Very cute.
Not, you know, not like, oh, not like that, you know, but cute.
So Saturday, well, let's see.
Let's go back to the origin of this.
On Thursday, the Humper was in the building, remember?
Yep.
And I said, the give my, oh, and you told me that he told you that the beast was an idiot
and that clearance was an overgrown child.
Oh, you know, something about he was going to be a woodbine on Saturday to cover the two big races.
Yes.
For ESPN, which he was.
And so I said, well, give my cell number and have him call me and we'll have dinner or something.
Two bothers, not a good restaurant in that place.
Oh, that willows.
Oh!
Fets!
SFG, you know what that means?
No.
Strictly for going.
Ah!
Are them?
Oh, what a horrible place.
But that's it.
That's the fine dining at woodbine.
So anyway, I got there around 430 and I got lucky too.
I have one, a few bucks.
I'm not going to say how much.
Oh, you're going to pay tax on that.
My told Hank that he just laughed his fat ass off.
Pay tax on it, my ass.
I'll tell you what, I'd like to get a deduction from my gambling losses last four years of woodbine.
How would that be?
How does that sound?
Okay.
It's delicious to me.
Oh, delightful.
So anyway, I got there 430.
We were having dinner with six and I want a few bucks.
Got lucky then at 530.
I kept the money in my wallet and I went upstairs and watched a couple of races on the TV.
And at six, I went down and just like promised to 10 past six, my cell phone rang and there was another humper.
Unfortunately, it took him like 35 minutes to find the willows.
I guess he got sidetracked.
He said that one of the gates wasn't open.
I was supposed to be in...
There he was.
And we gave each other a big hug which for two big fat guys was, oh my god, you could probably feel the earth shake right where you are.
Could you feel it?
I'm feeling something.
Yeah.
The thunder down under.
And so we had the ebba feather at the willows which really is crap.
Hank didn't have the dessert, by the way.
My tip, my hat to him.
Which I don't think there's any room in there and I'd put it for dessert but nevertheless.
I did though. I had my dessert and my blood sugar as a result is sky high plus I found yesterday that Nestle's makes a really awesome heavily hash.
Oh my god.
Wow.
That was down 325.
360.
360, one.
Let's just... I'll tell you the rest of the show why don't we just do that.
I'll just keep giving the number.
360, two point and a quarter.
We just keep saying lots of numbers.
Yeah, we'll just make some up.
Big O on 2 to 4 and by the way, the hopper, Humphers not sold on that.
He said once a day is one time too many for the big O but twice a day.
He said that's when he knew that this place was really in the tank when the big O was on twice a day.
I bet you the beast likes that though because he's an idiot.
What Chris told me this morning, we're going to have a bloodlating here on a year today.
I can just smell it.
Can't you smell it?
It must be that dolphin victory yesterday too.
You're getting a senile.
I'll tell us who will win the Super Bowl.
I'll tell you who won't be.
It won't be the Patriots.
Well, the dolphins.
Or the dolphins.
That's right.
Probably the stinkin' giants again.
I don't know what the hell lit a fire under their ass.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Dolphins tonight, one of the worst shows in the history of radio is 7 to 8 o'clock with the wooden Kimba Bo camper.
And then 8 o'clock we got the playoff game, the Angels of the Red Sox.
Followed by ESPN radio.
So D.A. gets the night off because we got the playoff baseball.
Oh, dodges it.
It comes if necessary tomorrow.
I don't think so.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ain't neil ya on the Cubby Bad Wagging yet?
You better hop aboard.
Yeah.
Better hop aboard now because it wasn't gonna last for a long.
What a joke.
Sick joke.
Let's see.
Here's Jonathan about yesterday.
I couldn't believe that I was traveling south on university drive, starting around sunrise Boulevard.
On every other corner was this much of religious retards standing out in the rain holding up anti-abortion and Jesus' safe signs.
That's funny because they were here too doing the same thing.
So what else could I do?
I exercised my first amendment right, promptly rolled on my window and called them all crazy people.
And you know what else?
George Carlmer was right.
All the women standing there were those who are against abortion.
I won't want to do them in the first place.
Says Jonathan and Boka.
Nice thinking Jonathan.
Speaking of abortion.
And here's a long one here from somebody.
Oh, how are you again?
Just a word of those out there with think Barack Obama doesn't have enough experience to be president.
There's no job experience for being president of the U.S.
Not years in the Senate.
Not being dog catcher of wasilla or governor of a trading post.
You can't practice for that job.
That being said with experience off the table, you have to look at other factors like temperament, wisdom knowledge, vision of the future.
Those of you who've aligned yourself with the past and the recent choices you've made.
John McCain has proven himself to be quick tempered, lacking knowledge of facts, content with the way things are in Iraq,
in bed with lobbyists and most frightening of all, looking at a choose non-qualified running mate.
It's not experience that makes a good president.
It's one who's able to see what needs to be done to bring back to the light.
Bring back into the light.
Thanks, Holly.
The guiding light.
That's what we need.
Am I right?
Yep.
So you actually did want to debate?
Yeah, most of it.
And?
And he was articulate, though boring, and wouldn't like you said.
And she was creating her notes and she was shaking like a leaf and she was stammering, but she didn't throw up.
And I think that Saturday night life sketched pretty much summed it up.
Mm-hmm.
Did you see that?
Yes.
All right.
Can I call you Joe?
Yeah, I can tell a couple of winners.
Take that.
You know, there's no logic.
I'm not answering your questions, Clay.
I'm making up my own.
Bitch.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
Weekday morning, 7 a.m.
Sports radio 5-6-Q-A-M.
The Sports radio.
Oh, God.
Don't use today.
Guguito has his day.
The Terry's gone away.
On a busman's holiday.
Don't use today.
So find another way.
To get you through the day.
Cause you won't see O'Gy.
Why don't they know?
How long it's gonna take?
Now they all know.
And take another break.
They waste our time.
With something to defend.
Just try to die.
And bring it to an end.
No use today.
That's too bad, O'Gy.
He can't defend his rage.
He's locked up in his cage.
Good.
Not too soon.
Maybe they'll fry his ass in there, okay?
Maybe, and they've got him isolated too.
Cause they were afraid, I guess,
that some nasty, nasty inmates who don't like murderers
might do some to them.
Hmm.
When that be a shame.
So I just get an email from somebody saying,
oh, check out this op-ed piece of New York Times
and it's a link to Marine Douds' call.
That's on our website today.
Yeah, it's on our website.
Well, check it out.
It's just, you know, something, what's the use?
What is the use?
Other than the 10th and the 25th of the month
when those checks come in, what's the use?
You're talking to dodo birds.
Oh, did you see this?
Did you see there was a baton thurse, Daniel?
And you better check your football knowledge,
Mr. Because you're slipping.
You're senile.
Oh, to let you know, Mrs. Sarah Palin
will be in bokeh today says some jackball on here.
Another email.
That's it.
The emails are just as bad as the calls now.
There's a dearth of them and their crap.
Although Jerry in New Orleans though, he's right there.
And I owe him an apology.
Pull your breath, Gary.
Take a deep breath.
Wait for that apology.
Head out into the bayou
and take a deep breath and just stand there and wait.
Hang on tight.
I will activate it.
That's right.
OJ is being isolated from other prisoners
for his own safety and focusing on emotion for a new trial
and a strong bit for a pellet reversal
of his conviction for kidnapping and robbery.
His attorney, Yale Yanta Galentis, said yesterday.
Yanta Galentis.
Oh, I knew that they would judge him based on
the two people he murdered or something like that.
Yanta Galentis told the AP he'll continue to pursue request
for Simpson to be released on bond pending appeal.
Oh, yeah.
He's got such a good track record.
Wouldn't you think that if you murdered two people
and you got acquitted based on a whole bunch of crap
and a bunch of hot shot attorneys got you off?
Wouldn't you think that from that point on,
you'd mind your peas and cues.
Anyone with good sense would.
Anyone with any sense would think they died
to bullet the first time
and they're not going to go do an armed robbery or,
you know, some other slime ball.
But once the slime ball, always a slime ball.
Even though, of course, he's revered within the halls of QAM.
I don't know so much about the present regime reversal.
But I would think so because he wants to wear a jock strap.
Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball.
You know, anybody like that.
Meanwhile, Galanter said Simpson will be living a lonely life
advised by his lawyers to do no media interviews
and allowed to see only family members
and a few friends placed on a special list at the jail.
He's being held in Clark County Detention Center
to close December 5th sentencing
and then is expected to be transferred to state prison
because of the seriousness of the charges.
It's likely Simpson would remain in jail during his appeal.
He has an isolated custody being protected
from other inmates.
Yantra Galanter said a border plane as he prepared to return
to his Miami office.
Jail has taken very special precautions to make sure
that he is safe.
Yantra Galanter said this will make for a difficult incarceration
for the Grigari Simpson because it limits his contacts
with other humans.
But you know what?
Nicole and Ron, they're not having any contact
with other humans these days and having for 13 years either.
Wasn't it ironic that it was unlucky 13 for OJ?
13 years to the day.
Yantra Galanter said Simpson was okay during a jail
because it's Saturday where they discussed future plans
for the case.
He's disappointed in a bit melancholy.
He said, he's a little bit melancholy.
Yeah.
When a doubt don't ever let him out.
That's my take.
Don't let him out.
Slime ball.
Scumbucket.
But nevertheless, the doubt is down 421 points
and it's only 1035.
The market's only been open a little over an hour.
Aren't you a fear?
Nothing in the email thing by the way.
Nothing in there.
Neal at Neorodges.com.
They've got nothing to say.
Four weeks from tomorrow is the presidential election.
OJ finally gets convicted.
Goes to the slammer.
The dolphins won a game yesterday.
They've won two in a row.
They're two and two.
And we're smelling super bowl.
We had that big debate on Thursday.
We got the next presidential debate tomorrow night.
Obama and M. Insane McCain.
The doubt is down 421 points
and dropping like a rock from the top of the Empire State Building.
And their mum.
Oh, here's a link to the Syrah to the Marine Dow column
from yesterday's New York Times, the op-ed comp.
What are we going to do?
What are we going to do about life?
So anyway, the Humphor had some interesting stories to tell me about Joe Bell.
And what a piece of turd Joe Bell is, which I already knew that.
And about that incident in the hallway
when Hank was sitting there at that desk
and bitching and moaning and ripping Joe Bell and assing
to come to find out Joe was standing only a few feet behind him,
which we knew that part.
But then evidently Joe approached him
and kind of a hostile,
oh, you want to say that again in my face?
Ho-ho-ho!
And Hank said, well, and what if I do?
What are we going to do about it?
Maybe I do.
Yeah.
And evidently nothing, well, you saw what they did about it.
Because one thing about temperamental Joe Bell
when he get on his bad side and your Jewish, oh my God,
that's 14 strikes against you right there.
That was down 439.
Oh my God!
627 votes on the OJ pool.
What's your take on the OJ conviction?
Great, better late than never, 458.
Say it's great.
Don't care, 112.
How could you not care?
How could you be so indifferent and callous?
And I want to see Justice Dunn.
Who in their right mind wouldn't want to see him in a slimmer
forever and ever and ever and ever?
Well, those people that think he's innocent, you know?
And who are those, who might those people be?
All the people who are on the building here?
In the building here.
OJ got screwed, 45.
Oh, those are the ones in the building.
45 lung kids.
Oh, but he wore a juxtap.
He was a great running back.
Oh, and he was a great actor too.
And who's OJ 12?
12 comedians.
Who's OJ Myass?
630 votes.
So now, what are you going for?
900?
Fatso?
Yes, that sounds good.
Well, we got a lot of fat producers.
You know, we got the beast.
We got Zach.
We got Chris, at least temporarily, until beast gets him fired.
If we had a couple more producers, I wouldn't have to work Sunday.
If we had a couple more, if we had one more producer,
you could do this show every day instead of having to take off Friday
so that you can work on Sunday to fill in that wall of football.
Swill?
That's where we stand on the Totem Pull in this radio station on the bottom.
On the bottom.
Even our fat producer has to go do some crap on Friday so that they can't be attending the show.
Of course, if you had a pair, when you have that meeting after the show today,
you should put your foot down.
Put your pants down.
Take a big smelly dump right on clearance's desk.
And say, you want a lot more of that because that's what you're going to get if I have to work on Sunday.
And can't work on Friday on the world famous Neo-Rodger show.
That's what you should do.
Get any balls.
But you don't.
So you'll go in there.
Yes, or yes, or yes, master.
Yes, sir.
That's what you'll do.
No, you're going to get the beast fired.
I don't plan to get on fired.
I'm just going to tell you.
You couldn't get the beast fired if you held a gun to clearance's head.
If you stuck your foot up his ass and put a gun to his head, you couldn't get the beast fired.
Those two are tighter than a sneered drum.
I'm just going to recount.
I don't know if the beast wide-houses.
Those two are still doing hanky, spanky, man.
You can bet your life on that.
Even George knows that.
Yeah.
No items in this view.
I told you that this thing would run its course, and that would be the end of it.
And I was right.
Oh, well.
I get nothing back to the phones.
Oh, what a sense of humor.
What biggest name?
The best house.
You don't have Neo-Rodger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Mandage.
After you.
Sport A7.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You're God.
Can't you wipe any run?
Yes.
Let the mayor in bits and pieces.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
The trial is moving on.
Now the evidence you can hide.
Traces of blood everywhere.
That match your DNA.
Traces of blood.
That's yours, oh, Joe.
Well, take a few of that market, man.
And that was down 542 points.
The Toronto Stock Exchange is down 1185 points.
Do you have a hair-searcher thing in your life?
Not lately.
Woo!
I'm going to just sit here and sit and do in the show.
I'm going to sit here and watch the tops of the buildings outside.
And start waiting for people to jump.
I don't think it's going to be too long.
You're going to be jumping.
And I'll enjoy either.
That's my advice to all the losers out there.
Go to the tallest building you find, go to the roof, and just take a leap.
Take a dump.
Oh, here's an email.
Wow.
From Jim, it says, well, the Brentwood slasher has just had justice served.
I have a suspicion that Fred Goldman set the whole thing up, including the recordings of the robbery.
Now, Fred Goldman can come out with a book titled, If I Did Said, OJ Up, This Is How I Did It.
I'm putting the over-under on prison time Simpson has it 42 months.
Neil, where are you putting your money?
I'm putting my money on woodbind, baby.
And you know something?
See, I've told you for years that I learned the hard way.
The stock market is gambling without the entertainment.
You can go to the racetrack, you go to the casino.
At least, you're probably going to lose your ass, but at least you have a little entertainment.
You have a little something.
Something, something.
But with the market, you just give it to some broker, some con artist, some phony baloney.
And, oh, this stuff comes back so fast, just as tight, and they've got all the cliches, you know.
The old economy against the new economy and yada yada yada, all this other garbage.
And you watch your sit back and you helplessly and hopelessly watch your money disappear.
You watch it vanish.
Am I right?
Yeah.
Yes. I've told you.
Absolutely.
That guy, that S&P guy, I wonder how he's doing that one I used to call everybody.
Oh, the S&P is up near.
You're wrong. The markets where it's at near the S&P.
The S&P is in the toilet, sir.
Let me tell you right now, sir.
I hope you lose every dime that you ever stole.
You low life slimeball you.
You're talking about that guy, that guy.
Oh, that was making a little bit of a comeback.
Now it's down only 507.
507, and it's under 10,000 for the first time in four years.
513, 509, as panic is setting in.
All around the world, people are like, oh, it's all be scared.
That guy is falling.
Did you see 60 minutes last night?
No.
That guy talking about a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep about all these toxic mortgages, all his toxic swill.
Yeah.
The whole thing is toxic if you ask me.
Just like the food at Willow's at the food line.
I'm sorry, Hank. I apologize.
I told him I wish, you know, if I had a little bit more notice, or if he would have had more time,
I'd have brought him, you know, we'd have taken a cab, come and do a roof crisp.
Or I could have driven him into town.
I had my beautiful Corvette there, and I couldn't drive into his hotel because I don't know that area out by the airport.
I know two things here.
I know downtown pretty good.
And I know how to get from my place to Woodbine and from Woodbine to my place.
And that's it.
What else do you need?
That's right.
Unfortunately, you know how to go to the store where the ice cream is.
Oh, yeah.
No speaking English there, though.
No speaking English.
That's right, he's lady.
No speaking English to that.
Huh?
I'm sure you're used to that.
Oh, I don't care.
Oh, yeah, being from South Florida.
No speaking English.
654 votes on the pool.
I don't know.
I mean, I feel sorry for people who are going to lose a lot of money in this whole scam here.
But to what it goes, I've told you for a long time, nobody will listen to me.
I learned the hard way.
Believe me.
Here's an email.
Stop being so negative and be a little more happier.
It says, stopping so negative and be a little more happier.
How about being less illiterate?
Vasty is the name VSTY.
What kind of a name is that?
Don't know.
Never stop being so negative and be a little more happier.
What am I being negative about?
The fact that the dollar's down 500.
Oh, it's only down 4.95 now.
Thank God.
It's making a little bit of a comeback.
You believe it?
No.
Stop being so negative.
I'm just making it up.
Vasty.
You idiot.
You simple to knew.
I'm pleased as punch Patriots won yesterday.
The dolphins as squeak by a girls team.
Now Sandi, it was supposedly pretty good.
They were in the playoffs last year.
Let's give credit where credit is due.
They got a good looking quarterback.
But I'm running back.
What?
Good running back.
Yeah, oh, one of the greatest.
Yep.
Dolphins stuffed him and they shut him down.
Or smell and super bull.
No.
Yeah, it's really funny that they had a scramble around at the last minute to get those tickets sold.
And they were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
They were in the playoffs.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
No? Can I call you Joe? And it went over like a pregnant pole vibrates at the equator in the middle of July There's a couple of emails look at this stock market.
High-neil stock investments do not vanish, countless thousands of people will be happy
to know that a select group of individuals have new mansions, yachts, private jets, luxury
sky boxes, etc. because of these, because of their tireless sacrifices as Greg and Melbourne.
What does that mean?
I don't know, I sense a note of sarcasm there.
Yeah.
Well, this is a guy who's stuck in Melbourne, what do you expect?
He's sour.
Went to Ard Rock, Casino Saturday, Blackjack table started at 15 bucks, played a few hands,
made my contribution, leading next to me was hitting on 17 and went to Wheel of Fortune
when I ate 100.
Great Joe Neal, Cistoni, when 800 at Wheel of Fortune.
I had 400 on the line at Wheel of Fortune on Saturday while waiting for the Humper.
I just got the right machine, man.
Played about five minutes, there was 400 on the line.
I got the ticket out of there and ran to the upstairs to watch the race.
To watch Frankie Dittourig get lost in the big $2 million race.
He won the other race.
Frankie got lost.
They got to send a search party out there still looking for him now.
Oh, and here's one with a billboard from a long time listener who's got nothing to say,
but sends me a cutesy couple of pictures here.
Oh, and now there's a bunch of emails just came in there.
Aren't you excited?
It's thrilled.
Maybe some of them might be worth reading after they have race.
What the fuck?
Don't be too sure.
You don't have Neal Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Name.
Fourth.
League.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Right.
You're listening to Sport Radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lauder day.
Yes, I'm Neal Rogers.
I'm
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
Fourth.
I'm statementいうことe cornerers.
Of course.
I'm cutting commands because I'm a big dog Hitler.
I'm obsessed on buying from this count of stores
And I don't know if I'll get through it
Oh no, I've spent too much
I bounced by check this month
There goes my credit rating
I thought I had more in my savings
I'm dying on the hair
I'll take you out to lunch
And you buy
It's the softy kind of me
It's the softy kind of me
I'm saving nickels and corners
I'm cutting coupons because I'm a victim of recession
Wow, you're something you were right
You were absolutely correct
I hate to say that because you're very seldom right
You were right, the emails are the same bunch of
Or maybe just a different bunch of losers
It's the phone, it's the same people
Over and over and over again
You're right
Because the masses wouldn't make the effort
You know, the average is your win gene
If they were going to call, they're not going to write
And vice versa, you know, it's same principle applies
It requires a little bit of effort, not a lot
Correct
Unctions quizzling, just go the hell away already
Okay, just go away
Unctions quizzling
Who says, by the way, I'll read one of them
And this will be the last one
I drove by the new Epic here in Sydney
I was it looks pretty nice, it's about ready to open
They already have some food on the shelves, it looks pretty nice
You think we should boycott them for destroying all those dillies
They bought wolfies, corkies, etc
No, I don't think you ought to boycott anybody
Schmuck, all in your case do them a favor and you have boycott them
Stay the hell away
Also, you think we should be concerned that often is offense
We shut out in the second half yesterday
Oh my god, is this a puss or a what?
Absolutely
Jesus
We won the game but we got shut out in the second half
Waaaaah, waaaaah, waaaaah, waaaaah
The sound is outlawed a baby
Waaaaah
People driving north on this game boulevard near the Adrienne Arched Center
Were forced to turn around this morning
Because of a collision on northeast 14th street involving a police car
A woman driving a white Nissan center was rushed to Jackson soon after 9 o'clock this morning
The entire front of her car was crushed
The Miami Police Officer who heard her right leg in the crash was transported by a data fire rescue cedars
The cedars medical center soon thereafter
Although her police car received minimal damage on the front of its right side
The officer was visibly hurt and needed help from fellow officers to sit down
Maybe she heard her ass
Let them or something
And a driver was injured this morning when a car side swept the copper kettle restaurant in Fort Lauderdale
Hmm
I wonder how old this bag must have been
Doesn't say
Police said a woman was driving a green Nissan south in the 1600 block of south and resamino about 930 this morning
When she went over the curb and took out several parking meters and two newspaper racks before plowing into a brick wall around the restaurant
The driver was injured in the crash, thank god
Charles Kirkhiles owner of Copper Kettle City was inside the Adrienne time of the crash and heard a big boom
She must have been going fast, he said
And guess who wrote this article in the herald Adam H. Beasley
Hmm
So Hank said that he had a meeting a sit down lunch with the Joe Bell recently
Okay
And you know what Joe said?
Um, but a boot, but a beep?
That's it, exactly, boy, you're hot today
But a beep, but a boot, but about like that nothing
He didn't say anything, well I'm sorry things ended the way they did, but a boot, but a beep, you fagged you or something like that
You know
Hank seemed pretty happy though
He's traveling all over the country, he's got tough assignments, he's going out into Vegas and out to the Delmar racetrack all over the place
He looked a little chubby, but never left
I mean, what are you gonna say? You know?
Hi, how you doing?
No, we had a good time, you know, it was great to see him
We said that and good to see you
I did say that, but I'm talking about the weight situation, what are you gonna say to something?
We've been through this
You can't, yeah, you can't, there's nothing you can say
He didn't have the dessert, I did, I had the dessert
He said I'm gonna miss you
And he said, don't those Xavier Locke and Cop, I said yeah
Oh, he didn't say that, he was probably thinking that
No, I guess it was kind of tacking me to any dessert in front of him
I said, I said, is it okay if I get the, because it's the only edible part of the meal at Willow's
The buffet is the dessert dessert
The dessert dessert is great
The Dow is down 444, it settled down to a nice, even number there
444 as opposed to like almost 600 earlier
It's making a little bit of a comeback, anybody believe that?
No
Come on
Like that one, an email said, come on, be positive, don't be so negative, need to be positive
We're smelling super bowl cause we're the, yeah, like that, like that means something
Like ball games are that important
See, this is the thing that the National Football League is done much, much better than any other sport
They've made it seem that what goes on with their games is like really life and death really important
Not just, you know, fairly important but really, really important
You mean it is
With the dramatic music, you mean it's not?
No
It doesn't amount to a pile of swill
See, I'm saying that in any year when I know the Patriots are gonna suck so it's easy to say that
But I'll tell you one thing
That match, you're looking pretty good to me yesterday
Hey, they've got a chance in the AFC East
Cause it sucks, yup, the jet suck
The bills, boy, we thought the bills were going off to, they got pounded yesterday by Arizona
And they didn't have their, uh, and Juan Bolton has the other receiver
What?
Arizona only had one of their main receivers, dude
There we go, there we go, I wanna hear it
I didn't think I had it
Oh yeah, I think I did
The gladiator music baby, it's important, it's like the end of the world
Market is crashing the election four weeks away but who cares?
It's the national football league baby radiator
You bet he was
Now why didn't you put that on me?
What?
Whatever he just said
Gladiator?
Yeah
Cause you said gladiator
You can't say that
Gladiator
No
Choice, call up Joyce and see if you can say that
Oh hey, call up Joyce and Mel Gibson
She only knows what word
No, no
No
Shrewd bitch
And by the way, Hank hates it too Joyce, although yeah, I guess she didn't really interfere with his show
423 and there's that bald-headed queen Ali Veltching, felching there on CNN
In your salary
Half of the world, probably plays it
Now who now's gonna listen to him for financial advice?
My God, could anybody take that thing seriously?
Egghead
Anybody needing egg time or just turned on CNN and they got that Ali Veltching on it
And they were probably a rookie tiki sances on there too to make everybody calm down
But you know doing his melodramatic swill
Here's one from Cliff and Kendall who's also chronic but at least usually says something
I'm you're right though about the emails, I'm a fool
I thought this was an open up for different reasons, yeah, huh?
For different reasons but yeah
I'm telling you I'm smelling you right now man
You, you, oh here's a couple on there
Lenny about the Humper
It says you're the best I'm here in plantation
Tell how you almost took a job here
Oh and fill it off here I thought it said plantation
Tell how you almost took a job
That's a old story I did take the job and I never went there
Because Dick Casper talked me out of going to Philly
That was a life changing moment it was bad
That would be a good poll to take
That's 100 years ago that was in 1980
When I left Miami to go to WLAC in Nashville, Tennessee to join my GM Dick Casper
I was on at nights and we all brother
What a signal they got at night WLAC
And I was ready to come back to Miami to WS News
And Dali Banks called me from Philly
She had tried to hire me a couple of other times I'd gone to lunch with that crazy old bitch
And she owned WWDB, the wonderful world of Dali Banks
FM talking Philadelphia
Ooh and she hired me
And so I called the moving company
I had all my stuff getting ready to move to Philadelphia
In fact I think it did go to Philadelphia
And then I had a colon and bring it back to Miami
And I went into say goodbye to Dick Casper
That was the turning point of my career and my life that day
When I tried to be in I Scott
Because Dick Casper was great to me he was like you know
The best GM I ever worked for
A real manch
You mentioned
Yeah he was great guy
And a big fan of mine
And he talked me into he's oh no you don't want to go to Philly
You want to go back to you know your king of the hill in Miami
When you rather work with Jerry Williams and Alice Rantell and Mr. Ego
And that's one of the missions
And he talked me into it he was a great salesman
Next poll it says
McCain or Obama
Oh yeah
Next poll my ass
I'll go get the law
Even though I'm consecutive weeks
I'll be separated by the buy they have beaten the participants in last year's AFC championship
Somebody nobody expected them to do they are still in the last place in their division
The bills are
Four and one the Patriots are three and one
The jets are two and two and the dolphins are two and two and having lost to the jets
That means they're in last place in the division
And it says when Sarah asked can I call you Joe Biden should have said
You can call me Mr. Vice President
That's excellent I told you these emails are good
Rodney says McCain must be ready to kill himself
A hockey mom this morning why see his desperately trying to take our eyes off the ball with ears right and resco
But thanks to good old thou industrials he's farting like an into a windstorm
Thank God I lost all my money on hookers and hallucinogens and not the market
Go bomb us is Rodney nice gone Rodney good choice at least he had a good time
Right right screw the Dow screw the NASDAQ
Oh look at that less than 400 now it's not only 397 387 it's making a big comeback
Anybody believe it?
It is 46.
4th leader
So are you late?
Just that talent
Are you sure Joe?
Wake night for me to I'm a hero
4th dog
5.62 am
The sports leader
You and me white as you see me
I love you yeah yeah yeah yeah
We love you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
We love you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
You failed
Thank you lost your gloves
And here's what we have to say yeah
We analyze some blood
And it matches your DNA
And so we love you
With the pair we thought you had
Yes we love you
But the fit was really bad
It makes you difficult
But we never found the nine eyes
We need more proof to show
That you murdered your ex-wife
And so we'll love you
Because we brought up brand new friends
Yes we'll love you
Take your fingers right in there
Let them go
We love you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
We love you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
And when some gloves like that
We know you did something bad
And with some gloves like that
We know you did something bad
And when some gloves like that
We know you did something bad
Then bye
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
You failed
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, oh, thank God. Thank the Lord that did the TS X is down
667 hours down almost 1200 points before and the Dow is down only a 401, 40 something.
Aren't you relieved? What? The one that I like that bottom was falling out there, the
first that first hour man. Looks like a whole bottom of the market was just collapsing.
You got any stock? How about you, Chris, with the money you're making, I bet you're
heavily invested. Oh, totally invested. I am? No, but I do have some stock. I got a 401,
can you do you really? Yes, stock. The 401K funds are fully protected. Don't worry about
that. It's separate investments. It's got nothing to do with this. Okay, your 401K is
okay. That's what this bitch on CNN is just saying. He said, don't worry. 403B. Now that's
another story. Don't have that backup. So that's the differences between the two. That's
what you need to know. A lot of fear out there about 403B is very similar to 401K is you
really don't have to worry, but there is that one critical difference. Okay, the last
thing, let's go back to 401Ks for a second. People, I like we talked about, you know,
they're safe that money is yours but still you can incur some losses here. So how do
you, I guess, make it less vulnerable to some of those losses? Well, you know, the Dow's
down dramatically this year. Similarly, people's 401K assets have been devastated and sadly,
there's no insurance against this investment loss as I was saying. That's what makes diversity,
asset allocation more important than ever. Look at Morningstarth.com to get a sense of
where you're portfolio. Yeah, we're spread it around and take it out on the street corner
and smear it around with a, what do they call a troll? And now what they call that thing
that you, you smear a cement with? A troll. What I call a troll? A troll. A troll. A
troll. You better start learning to speak trailer trash if Sarah gets in there. You don't
throw it. It's going to be man. What in trailer trash? Yep. 714 votes. We got the quail
loot number on there again. 714. We seem to get that a lot. Do you? Now, wait till you
hear this email. I turned on your show on Friday and heard George and thought not this
dollared again, but I gave George the normal five minutes before being bored to death
and turn on Pandora. But this may be hard to believe. The show was good. And I listened
to him for the whole show for the first time ever. Oh my God. How do you like that?
Wow. Thank you. Good show on Friday. That's right. The Chris would know. Maybe that's
because Chris wasn't there for a minute. I see you worked with flea. How did flea
do? Was you a good foil? He's fine. We had some technical glitches, but that's
better. He's a better loyal than he is a foil, but nevertheless. Yeah. So maybe if
you've got to be a boy like dragging us down, you got to go up and not down like a
wet bag of sand, man. But before you get to a set about this email, it says, yeah, I
don't think I'll ever have a good show again. But from now on, I'm going to give him
six minutes before I turn the channel. Oh, blow it out his ass. Blow it out his ass.
What kind of a communist comment is that? Let me go to where he works and see how he
does. Yeah. All these people judging, judging you like Jesse Helmsman. Look what happened
to him. You start judging George and me and you're going to wind up dead someday. I
guarantee that. Cliff and Candles as I purchased my dream hominies, Candle October of 95. Imagine
when my dismay when OJ moved in a few months later, just two streets away. When I heard he
was coming, I thought it was one of your comedy bits. The first couple of months after he
moved in, there was a nonstop parade of news and police helicopters hovering over our
neighborhood at all times of day and night. A few times I ran into women in Pinecrest, my
blood turned to ice. So long, OJ, don't let the jail door hitches as Cliff and Candle.
And bad news, he says, my grandfather and barefoot Bay has been hospitalized with terminal
cancer. Good news. That's one less vote for McCain. All right. All right.
Cork quick, grandpa. Cork fast. When it doubt. Of course, I wonder if you voted absentee
already. Now, that's a good question. If you vote absentee and then you die before
the election, does your vote count? That's a damn good question. And they count each
house twice. Well, I'm sure that if they didn't count it the first time, Javier Suarez will
come in his bathroom, but he'll he'll double dip it for you. He'll dip it. He'll dip it.
He'll dip it. He do it. Right. Boxes. I moved to Tennessee and I missed your show. I
listened to every chance I got. I'm glad I found his website. Now I can hear your show.
Where can I get that best of Neil? I used to hear. Please let me know. Sorry, but can't
get a no such thing. Thanks to WQM. There is no best of Neil. There's no best of anything.
There's no nothing. There's no bumper stickers. There's no accoutrements. There's no there's
no nothing. That's what we got. We got plenty of nothing. And hey, dolphins going to go
to the Super Bowl. Gotta gotta move up and not down. That's Zach, man, between him and
the beast. Watch out for those fat producers, Chris. Never trust him. Kill him. Hello.
Neil. Yes. There's a great talking. I'm calling you from LA. I'm from Miami. But I just
came out. He looked for a place to live. I'm about 30 minutes from Nathan Owles. I hear Larry
King is going to be there. I call the woman up. There's answers a phone there. Did he really?
Did he ever pay the people back to check that I was going to be able to? No, he didn't ever.
He did, right? No. So if I go into my little camera and ask him Larry, I'm from Miami. It's
nice to see you. But I was just talking to Neil and he said that you never paid the people back
to check that I would be that you wrote. You think what do you think you want to do for me out of
there? Give it a shot. Let us know. No, I'm going to do it. I have a little camera, small,
little video camera. When it, how do you know he's going to be in Nate and Owles? I just
talked to this woman that answers the phone there. And I told her the whole story. She goes,
you know what? He's so freaking cheap. She goes, he never gets a phone. No, that doesn't
answer my question. How do you know he's going to be there? I think you're making the story up.
No, no, no. She said, she said, we'll be there. Let me tell you what. Do you want me to call it
and give the phone to him when I say I got Neil Rogers on the phone? I really doubt that's going
to happen because the time difference in three hours. Neil, he's going to be there. He gets
there 845 and 20 minutes with traffic. I'm in traffic right now. I'm the 405. I'm hope I'm there
in 20. But she said, it'll be there for 45 minutes to an hour. But don't worry. You'll be
there. How does she know he's going to be there? Because when he's in town, he's there every day.
I see. I see. She thinks he's in town. That's why I'm calling him. I'm not good. I'm not
doing it. Okay. Write it in your diary and your memoirs. Dear diary, today I embarrassed Larry King.
You know what that guy was trying to tell us? I have no life. Right. That's right. I have no life.
I mean, why is he picking on poor Larry? Why not? Oh, I agree with that. I think it's hysterical if
he doesn't. But I don't want to hear any more about it. You know, it's terminal. It's
ponderous. Boring. But I guess he thought it was a real hoot. Something I'd be all whipped up
about. 721 votes on the pool. What's your take on the OJ conviction? Great. Better late than never.
526. 73%. Don't care. 129. OJ got screwed. 50, which has got to be the same five people
voting ten times each. And who's the OJ 16? 16 isn't that mad castle's number last time I check?
Sure. He sure is pretty. I'll play that. Hey man. The big ol' boy.
He don't listen to the little Rogers. 4805. 60 QAM.
Think. 4th lead. The biggest name. The best talent. It's the big ol' or land who
else would get it. 4th radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader. Nice.
Your pair. OJ. OJ. OJ. You killed the cold. You killed the cold.
You killed.
I killed you cold.
You killed the cold.
You killed.
That night when she turned off all the lights.
There's no place where she could hide. Oh no. OJ was gonna get her.
OJ went out to kill her. OJ went out to kill her. OJ went out to kill her.
That night. One day the jury's gonna bet 3.080.
For all we know we're gonna head your way.
Hey. Oh yeah. And OJ's gonna get ya.
It's true. OJ is gonna come back to you.
And that who get away with that want to move.
Oh yeah. OJ is gonna get ya.
OJ is gonna get you. OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you.
OJ is gonna get you. One night.
OJ is gonna get ya.
OJ is gonna get her.
You killed.
Oh
27-0-0 and fry in a hell, oh Jay that's my thoughts. Yeah, and thanks your thoughts
Journey had you miserable mind-tracking a crap
Oh, but he was a great running back. Oh Jay we want a long time coming yeah
All those years that he had off that's right a bottle around and steal a satellite signals and do all the other crap that he did finally got his come up and
speed up that bitch
See I have no sympathy for her because anybody coming up to stay with him deserves to get the crap be round
Christie Chris, so she ought to she ought to kiss the ground. She ought to crisp the ground that she's still alive. That's right
Then in New Orleans says oh speaks from Longwood I
Don't I don't know I see his last name is Spiegel speaks from Longwood florida says
I wanted to let you know that I to him in New Orleans listen to you this morning from the intercontinental hotel close to the French Quarter a
toilet a sewer New Orleans I
Will also want to let you know I'll soon be listening to you at Cafe Dumont for bin yet and coffee. What are bin yet? Got me
B.I.D. Any T.S. Is it like a Scotty is that like for sounds is it like a biscuit if it and then walking down the river walk
What if it's the one if it's like the New Orleans thing? It's I think it's kind of a a puffy pastry
with powdered sugar on it God
Man sounds good although I'll be returned to the hell that is Florida this afternoon
I wanted to let you know that you are loved here in the big easy
Well, I love sure a mutual I'll take that I hate that place. It's a festering toilet
Just watch the movie Southern comfort. You'll see all you need know about Louisiana who put the lose in Louisiana as in house by you
Ha ha
And since this is another email with no kinder or sorry or content or substance
I figured you'd love it just as well go fins, canes, cubs and panthers Stanley Cup here we come
Oh Stanley Cup my ass
God
How those Toronto mate believes doing huh well least the exhibition games are over
If you think they lost bad enough is it's gonna be really really nasty 423 points on the downside for the down. It's down
Gotta gotta move up and not down. That's what the fans said before he got fired
He's getting fired soon. I hear and I hear the beast is gonna be out by the end of the day after after Chris goes in there and the skills the beans
You should demand it. I'm not one of those people that tries to get people fired
But I'll make a I'm making a septum in his case after what you told me the
Freakin beast. I think Moe had a point trouble making little modeling turd
Am I right Chris? Oh, yeah seems to be
Try to get you fired. Yep, so that was a
You he was gonna get you fired because you wouldn't put Don Bailey Jr. on here as if you had anything to do with it
Correct, but you have to do with it. You're bored offing the damn show, right?
I did my job. I told the guys are on air. Okay, Don's ready whenever you're gonna want to go to him
So and they didn't want to go to him. They probably had somebody important on like jerk jerk street
Oh, I said to Hank. I said what's the big deal with this guy? I called jerk jerk street
I forgot that he's on ESPN and
Hank kind of like Louis the oh he mumbled it down. They like him
Is what he said why forgot because everybody's on ESPN, you know, you know how that is
I wouldn't be surprised if George's got his own show one day on ESPN me. Oh, yeah, George is picks
All right, that's enough
Chop it up before he says gladiator again
gladiator
Here's George
Or the sun is shining it looks a little toasty. I bet it's colder now
The Dow is down 414. I'm just gonna keep you folks appraised so you can decide when to pull the trigger
Oh, it's 10 degrees. It's sunny and 50. Oh
Has been too toasty here the last few days Hank came at just the wrong time
Tomorrow it's gonna warm up for 58 Wednesday 63 and 65 on Thursday all right low tonight is gonna be three
You know what that is in Fahrenheit 38 degrees. Oh my god. Oh my gosh. I'm it in me 38 degrees. They're such a temperature really
All the release it's plus three and not minus three
Hank was asking me how I handle the winners here
You just get used to it. You don't like it you get used to it
And then you think of the alternative like being in Florida and think oh, I like the cold weather nice and it keeps you alert and alive and crisp and awake
It's supposed to heat in humidity where you feel real loggy
You know, I mean by a loggy I sure do I don't say loggy. I mean loggy Kenny Gramer another chronic former IOD er chronic
Should your votes still count if you're dead if you vote by mail but die before election date as you vote count
This is from the associate of press
If you vote by mail but die before election date as your vote counted depends on where you lived or a gun counts ballots no matter
What happens to the voter so does Florida
But in South Dakota if you die before the election so does your vote
Your vote says I'm dying over here
Laws and at least it doesn't states are evenly split between telling and dumping the votes
No one keeps records and how often such deaths occur but in Florida
ballots counting no matter what happens so vote early if you're for Obama and if you're croaked by election day or vote still counts
On last Friday's Florida I got a wrong if you vote for Obama even after election day your vote doesn't count
Am I right? Yes, yes, oh
The guy the knob guy is out there again. I think you know the guy who the knob are yet
Go get you a polish
Hmm he's a real ugly guy. Oh well
Put a bag of money. West Kendall says last week I was listening to Sid Rosenberg
I do like those in the sports talk shows but not all day
He blasted you saying that every time he comes up with something I eat Roy you steal it from him. Yeah, he came up with that
Uh-huh
Roy! Yeah, that's a Sid original
Please you have him a thousand of one of all these kinds of things
I think it's right that you take emails and some calls
Obama's looking stronger and stronger every day
I hope the Republicans continue to put people to avoid answering questions that were all interested in having answered
You may think it's because they have no answers or maybe because the answers they have are the same we've had last eight years
Neal you're not giving the quarter schlots guy see this is a guy that starts out like he's got something to say
Yeah, are you listening I'm listening already? Neal you are not giving the quarter schlots guy time to express himself or give input
And I disagree with you when you say the quarter schlots guys the most annoying please pros act Ron has to be hands down
Enjoy your show very much and when you please play the skit Mr. Red talking to the hardware store great job Neal
You are the best soludos to George Tony West Kendall
Who probably is the quarter schlock guy
When you think who else would done the executive that's my point who also condone such a crap
The fourth leader
It's a big dog Joe Rose
Ford is always matter
Sport radio 560 QAM
And the sports leader I would love to keep you all to myself
You've seen him on Channel 7 news first as a two-bit reported now as a two-bit anchor that wears more makeup than Tamife Baker and Mary Kay combined
Rick Sanchez
Oh
Hear the dosent tones of the men who brought you crime check Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Rick Sanchez
Don't miss Rick Sanchez it is Pacey face for over highly. It's one show you all want to miss thank for a good one
Rick Sanchez he loves his audience. I've stuck you as a precious gift from God. Oh God. Amen
It's so love 45 a QAM well I tell you this morning is sure flying right by in it showed up not
Kathy and Miami says I'm the the Amy emails are starting to trickle in now
Started real if we fear they're they're dribbling. Yeah
Kathy and Miami says I'm starting to think Obama can actually win Florida and therefore the election my cleaning lady and her husband
Were both Hillary supporters, but nothing I said seemed to convince them to back Obama until a debate on Thursday
They both thought Sarah Palin was so stupid. It scared them to death and they were very impressed with Joe Biden
I wonder how many votes of Bob will pick up because this sick old man put a crazy person on the ticket
Is she picking up enough lunatic evangelicals to justify the choice ask Kathy and Miami the answer is no their numbers are dropping like a rock
Can I call you Joe? Oh?
That was so just
That's at the tone for the whole deal. Can I call you Joe?
Bob and Miami says those baguette things at K. Feade Cafe, Dumond and morning call have a special name in New Orleans
They're called donuts. Okay French donuts and they're delicious great with a hot cup of coffee and chiquiri
I lived in New Orleans for 10 months and 67 68 I have to disagree with your assessment of that city
It's a lot worse than you make it out to be a real Schmidt hole strange and hostile people freaky since Bob and Miami
How do you like that a lot worse than I make it out to be how could it be?
That's like saying it's as bad as Detroit the question for you Ashville
Isn't how we can afford to focus on health care the question is how can we afford not to?
Yeah
The McCain campaign is accusing Obama of deceitful attacks on McCain's health care plan right
If McCain says it it's the truth if Obama says it it's a lie
That's the McCain campaign. It's a lie. He hangs out with terrorists and he's an evil door and he's a Muslim is right
Joe says whatever happened to the guy Rick sent his random word is car after drinking of that dolphin game
I'd love to hear him singing with that while just play before you
You're welcome Joe
See I'm not such a bad guy. Not such a hard-ass
Like people say like dumb
That was out 424, but it seems to have like you know kind of even out not good
Boy, and who was it that was saying once they passed the bailout package those the numbers are gonna go zooming up again
I wallspeed who was it who said that oh, which is right with the ball head. Yeah
So what do you think about what sir Pellet life about lunch?
Yeah, what do you say what are you thinking about a dessert? Yeah, remember that think about some mango cheesecake some movie was that again
Oh god, what are your feelings about dessert or something like that?
Pin pin that's it. Oh, I'm a lot sharper than you are mr.
Oh boy, well, you're a pin head
Ten it's good movie
And you like to chicken I like to the weird guy something for me. Oh, you know me. I like weird guys. It's what I heard
763 votes in fact Chris's pool Chris is gonna have a meeting with
Clarence they you better clear out of the building George
I always do anyway because the building might just cave in there's gonna be such stomping and carrying on and
screaming and yelling and
Lunacy and my right Chris or what are you gonna like finally let let it all hang out like I said
I'm going to tell them everything that happened that on my side and let him know what I know so right that the beast is a trouble making idiot
Something trying to try to get your ass can correct well, but you're talking to his boyfriend. Don't you understand man?
You're talking to the boyfriend
His partner in crime
Who didn't even go to you and but is still a you and apologist
They lost again. Oh, no, not the Kings the Kings lost the game again. Oh, no. Are we cursed down here?
I guess where it's like a mixed bag now half cursed half blessed
Because the dolphins man. We're smelling super bowl. Can you smell it? Hmm
Smells like elephant Schmidt to me
All of us is Neil. Thanks for all the entertainment. I go back to W. I. N. Z years when you occasionally will work a
Saturday shift all before the bird
Have never called email is great
Mr. Good calls like the bridge tender or pp from Pemberpines. Whatever happened to him. I don't know
Don't ask and we won't tell recent calls have been frustrating to listen to a sabotage your show shame that things change
At least now you live in a civilized nation absolutely correct Oliver. Thank you so much
I live with civilized people
Although my building here man. This is the future terrorist future suicide bombers of the world of the building
And I will confess a couple of days ago. I got on the elevator and the elevator opened and there was this bitch
With the fool what what do you call that the burka the whole headgear the nothing covering the face and of course
She had the baby carriage with a little baby. She had a little baby and she was also head one in the oven
All the Muslim women man are screwing their brains up because they got more kids than the cart is got pills
screwing up a storm
Lou from the gable says this is right up your alley. It's a link to something see. I don't like the links
Say something don't keep sending me links say that I'm gonna click on the link which is probably a bad mistake
Am I right you never done
Why not arrest CEOs behind the money mess. Oh, yeah, it's right up my alley go away Lou have a nice day
Here's one. Oh, this has got to be great
I'm surprised you had him actually had a meal with fat Hank
Okay, let me print this out and that sound sound like a worthwhile like a keeper. Well, no, we'll see
Geepers creepers house mr. Peepers
You know that Marlon Brando is very next to walley cocks
You mentioned
For no, I think it had something with his ashes his asses
Yeah, they're buried asked to ask
Oh, and I love the ones that start defensively please don't get pissed off and all fired up when guys like me
Email to show with our crap says
Teabick
Teabick cubic no, not cubic not cubic flick baby
Okay, let me put it out that box comes up mighty slow
Oh, and here's somebody bobbin mimie says oh, it's the same thing again. He decided to send it again
Just in case you missed it just in case I just got you reading it on the air he sends it again about New Orleans and how it sucks
Neil you like binyees. They're like Italian zippoli's fried dough with powdered sugar and of course best when they're hot so's Larry
Zippoli's I never heard of zippoli. Did you know?
Italian I don't get to Italy as much as you do
Hmm, not sure
Okay, let's see. I'm surprised you actually had a meal with fat Hank
I assume that you have no real friends no one can stand you everyone despises you and the only people who can actually tolerate you
Even talked to you are those who need to get any money from you or hope to do so in the future fat Hank must have been looking for a handout
He probably made some bad vets
Isn't that sweet yeah, you're right. That was gonna be a killer. That's a keeper in a killer. Yeah, you have no real friends
No, of course not why would anybody associate with me?
I
Did buy a dinner by the way
Well, it was it was not a memorable meal. It was crap. It was typical caca woodbine
Will I yeah, even a horses wouldn't eat that swill
Tbis says please don't get all pissed off and part up when guys like me email the show with our crap
You see in my case like most of us all bet. I'm unemployed. It doesn't look like I'm gonna get a job anytime soon
I wish I had funds to drive somewhere so that I could pursue other avenues of enrichment
But I'm dealing with depression and anxiety because I have no idea where I'm gonna get money to pay fp and L
So the little pleasure sign dulls in like emailing your show and hoping to contribute something worthwhile
Could serve in some small capacity to validate my beaten-down existence
Mostly thanks to the fascist in power and the financial whizkids or nothing more than used car salesmen
Enable as used to bankrupt the gentry
You think they're appailing is hot. I do. No, I don't I don't think she's even look warm
And I think that you guys who think that she's hot desperately need to get laid
Just like someone would think a snake eating a rat is cute. Oh, I see
The governor was speaking to her base over in clear water this morning
I can't think of a better place for nose pickers eight exclamation points is Tbic
No one you can't get a job Tbic. You got a really crappy attitude
You think Sarah's hot. Oh, she's so hot. She's a hockey mob. Oh, hockey with a little baby. Oh, she's got such a cute little baby
The way they were tossing at baby around the convention like a prop was just just enough to make you vomit
What are you doing to that poor little kid
That was down 4803 again. Oh, it's gonna be a it's gonna be an ugly day before it's over. Let me tell you right now
It's gonna be ugly like that little baby
Linda says while listening to a past show September 25 you mentioned the phrase whistling past the graveyard wondering what that mean
Well, the question made me wonder as well. So I looked it up and here's the answer
If someone is whistling past the graveyard
They're trying to remain cheerful and difficult circumstances whistling past as cemetery is also used
So everybody whistle while you work that I like Pat Boone and love letters in the sand. That's it
I can't I can't whistle real good only certain times. You got to put your lips together and and pucker up. I know. Oh, yeah
It's not easy to do in front of a microphone. I can whistle like in a shower
Or like in woodbine I can whistle whistle past the graveyard
Or could he sing or what had you not know if you're looking back then before we knew he's gonna turn into a fashion
You know a carcoring board again Bible thumping hippocriton. No, you got to get to the middle part where he does the whistle
Can you move it ahead? Yep
Would a boat have a view of you can't see the debris
You say
Here we go
And a little piece of trivia there was actually Pat Whistling on the song bill on die records is in hey Pat what's done
Have a deal boon in the box whistle moor and sing less. Yeah, have a good boon in the box. Hey, Piss
Oh, yeah
Yeah, okay
What is it that's how's it going a pastry in New Orleans they got wonderful pastries just a city such and the people
There are dumber than sawdust but I think
The biggest
The best
You're listening to sports radio 560 wqa
Miami for the other day
This is bridge quit whatever I shape my balls. I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour
I am guilty. What the hell I got angry I kill the cold
Here I am
On the stand I will tell it all
About a man who no longer can be playing pro football
Everywhere people stare
Be gentle every day
Hey see me on TV and I hear them say
Hey
You didn't hide that glove oh
Hey
You didn't hide that
glove oh
You failed
Just defy
I won't lie
I can't oh
Chalien
His defense
Makes no sense
Led by Johnny
Cochrane
I'm tied up here now. I see the jury
Look at
Gather around all the browns that means give them say
Hey
You didn't hide that glove oh
Hey
You didn't hide that glove oh
Was that Zimfar there at the end?
Sometimes what the cold was thinking at the end what was that Zimfar in the pan flute Zimfar here
Zimfar yes he is bill Zimper well bill Zimper was really good Jimmy Syphilis on the other hand just absolutely oh my god
Where's that thing about the big oh here it is
I've got some leftovers one because I wasn't on a Friday George was on a Friday. Did I have a job? Yeah, that's a good job, Georgie
Let's see where's the one about oh yeah Hank said the big oh shouldn't be on the year at all period
I would agree on that but nevertheless
Rock solid is that
And got a mammoth ego oh my god
He's the only sportscaster in town who speaks in spanglish baby talk. You know what I mean? Oh, no, he's not the only one
Are there other ones who are the I don't know but I I hear it
You're listening to all sports radio. I just uh go from you know from one station to the other back and forth trying to get as much sports information as I can
I think you ought to go into meeting there with Chris yeah Chris and
um
Limp wrist
Clarence you ought to go into meeting and hold Chris's hand
In fact, you ought to go in the other room right now and just for practice hold his hand not school
I think that would be so sweet. Uh-huh
Steve says just listen to the opening of the big oh show and couldn't help but laughing out loud
out loud
He has a competition to win tickets to a playboy party on south beach. Can you imagine the losers who listen to his show chatting to playboy models?
Hey lady you think ladenian will run for 150 yards this week or wow you have two brecks just like the hurricanes
Have two quarterbacks or even I know I'm not gonna get you but you think the dolphins could get the kid from Clemson if they trade up
Hey Steve gotta gotta move up and out down
Not gonna big oh how do you like that?
I'm just gonna only lose his listen to his show
We ought to get some emails about the big oh show maybe they likes it. He's on it too by the way
He was on this morning. He'll be on again this afternoon. Whether you like it or not
Thank you thinks he's just got awful
Probably shouldn't have said that on the ear huh?
Okay, but why not?
I don't care
Thanks. They've got a big mouth. He's like me fat and with a big mouth only a lot of fat or an I am wow
Wow come on Hank lose announce
But I know you're you're right. There's nothing you can do
Nope just say I'm gonna miss you like fat rich now there is a great guy you you might wish I loved him dearly great guy
Good friend very nice a lot of fun great since very nice to me we we would talk software and stuff because that was his thing
That wasn't like a software writer if I have much and about something he was always very up-to-date very healthy. Yeah
And then yeah when we least expected it
Right right there at the track right at pump and oh poor. Oh, I guess he probably would have wanted that way sure
I imagine I mean when I croke it would be nice to decroke it would buy
Just fall off the chair at my machine and say I'm dying on the head and then just hit the floor just like that thing you just played
The down 444
Hey
That's which well that sneeze reminds me that I'm gonna Joyce and I'm the next break. I see so if I'm not back be prepared
Although you know, I'll be back
797 on fat Chris's pole. This is the day, baby
This is the day that fat Chris draws the line in the sand it goes in there and tells clearance what a jackass he is
And how he better cut the crap that it's not a radio station. It's not a business
It's a little fraternity of kindergarten kids who could be the most childish?
Oh, you didn't put down Bailey Jr. on the year. You didn't tell the guys to put him on it's you job. You're not doing your job
I'm gonna get you fired. I mean the beast is an overgrown infant and he's married and making babies. Oh
My goodness, so they have a little baby. Yes
Oh
The thought of that is just so grotesque
But nevertheless we don't want to talk about that. I would be in bad taste with it
probably
Well, then let's talk about it. Not
Here is one that says black. Oh look at that
Neil Rogers doesn't like black people any city that is too many people of color is automatically a sewer at New Orleans
Detroit, Atlanta
Never has anyone working on the show who might be as far as it you're like Nick Lawrence who is my producer for a long time in iod and did a heck of a job
No black friends. No, I don't have any black friends. That's right automatically hates any broadcasters who are too dark
Right like your Bernie Shaw who is one of my favorites. I'm CNN. Well, he does a dark. He's kind of like. It's kind of light
No, he was not Bernie Shaw was light. Yeah
Can't stand any black culture music comedians entertainers, etc. Right like Chris Rock. I can't stand him
Not you only black people he might even like are those like Obama who's even wider than most white men his thin skin color
Not with standing whatever whatever that means yeah, okay, everybody knows me. Everybody knows what's in my brain. All you geniuses
God
And here's one. Oh, this is from a speaks again. You're right New Orleans is a toilet
It
It is a toilet. It's got nothing to do with how many black people are there. It's a toilet
I don't even remember the ethnic composition of the city. I remember it was like a slum like a big slum
And if you watched the southern comfort item we call it name black people being in there. They were trailer trash
Like syrup halum last time I check. She's not black. She's just trailer trash
Georgia's right George Sedano from noon to two is pretty good
Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, yeah, but he also speaks spanglish is that I guess I guess that's the message there. I don't think that's the point you
No, just taking chief shots at me. That's what the emails are all about just like the colors. We hope you die
Like that, you know
Like that Ed Senniski you ought to read the crap that that jackass sends me
But you know what don't bother me because the one thing George knows and that this this is my motto in life
And it served me well for years and years. I don't live my life based on what other people think
I don't give a crap out of the people think I live my life and do the best I can every day
And that's it. That ain't good enough for you. Buh, you mama
you mama
Hey Neil it's time to send Sarah and her godson Ms. Bocha back to Juneau or Anchorage or the Russian border or wherever the hell they live
It says
Sarah's the most clueless nutcase I've ever seen. How could the people of Alaska?
Both of them vote for her to be governor
Is it that cool in Alaska that suffering from brain freeze or they just dumb as dirt both
Have to get back to work. I still have a job. She's ed
You go ed
Let's see Spanish sportscaster. Yeah, that's the horror he said. Oh, yeah, he's doing a hell of a job over there
809 on your poll fat Chris boy. It's probably gonna be Chris's last day with us
You've done a nice job for us. He's last one. Is it two years almost? Yeah, almost he is nice job
I'll get a thousand votes today. Why?
You bet guess bigger than a thousand votes today for me
We're gonna get a thousand votes for you today. Well, it's my last day. Yeah, it reminds me of that misfit that mario guy
Oh, I've been here. Oh, by the way sends emails that I don't read on here and sends them over and over
You can send it a hundred times missfin. I'm not gonna read them
I've been here for you for 18 or 20 years. I've been here for you
But what does that mean? He's been there for me
And that's basically the same thing you're saying now. Whatever you just said
Bob and Miami who sent that email second time
At least had the decency to apologize. I sent the second email by mistake. Do you believe?
Bob no, no, yeah, sure
Now he's a good guy as long as I'm emailing you again
If I ever sent anyone a link to a webpage I always include excerpts of the article in the email before insert the link
That way the recipient can choose to read the entire article if he she or it wants to read more nice go on Bob
Who's still in Miami? It's what he says
John and Lakeworth who I thought was a lot more articulate and educated than he is. Oh, I think he's been listening too long to
If that just the site s-i-t-e
Just the site of Sarah Pellan is nauseating her terrorist implications are way beyond the pale
But that's the Republican way. I see that Obama's running the heating five commercials
He needs to run commercials about Sarah and all those who are refusing to appear even after being subpoenaed
But guess what they're not. I got an article here in my pile. Seven of them are gonna testify
They're doing the parliament song. I want to testify seven state workers now read to testify and the Tubergate probe
And ask that please insert the smelly bitch drop how the investigation is going
She makes me ill and the SNL skits are the best. That's correct. How about playing Moan Will Chamberlain can't play that
It was one of the first and one of the best love your big guys is John and Lakeworth. Oh
site s-i-g-h-t John get it right get it right rhymes with site slight might bite
His name
I am the fourth leader the biggest name the best talent is the mad dog
Mandate Captain Irons for the seven sports radio five sixty Q am the
sports leader
The legendary athlete the extraordinary actor now he debuts at his new action series. Oh j-Sypton stuzon
Miami
The juices lose. Oh j-Sypton is a vast comp named Bruno Molly
From the meat streets of Bretwood California to the deadly street of Miami Florida
Listen to O.J. Sypton's ass kicking comp dialogue
Where were used last night at seven pm?
Answer me bitch bitch bitch
The bitch is going
You know
Miami slice starring O.J. Sypton as Sergeant Bruno Molly the hard rough tough comp on duty
But the loving dad off dad yes dear what happened to mom
You bitches dead
I'll get you room and do your homework
Miami slice I O.J. Sypton as such and Bruno Molly and NBC this Saturday the juice is blue
Not no more he ain't lose. He's behind bars and he's seeing stars ain't that great. Let's hear it. I made my weekend
Dinner with had the Humper at the Woodbine Saturday night. We didn't a few bucks any afternoon while I'm waiting to meet up with him
I would that was the best part. I don't want to lie Hank who was great to see again
We had a good time a good chat, but the winning the money was even more more pleasing especially the way things are these days, you know
Money is something you can never have too much of just ask Chris. I'll tell you
Oh
The Dow is down nearly 500 points down 484 57. Let me take a look at the Toronto Stock Exchange nothing anybody listening to me now cares about that
But it's a you know oil is down under 90 bucks a barrel. What a bargain go get some 89 78
The T.S. X is down 617 points. It was down nearly 1200 early this morning and people are getting ready to and the Canadian
Looney is down to 90 percent
All right, let me go out and spend some money
and that good 90 cent
When I first came up here was 62 cent and everything was a bargain and then it went to like a buck 10 as the American dollar win in the toilet
Thank you for the week American dollar Mr. President and those low gas prices and all the dead people in Iraq
Which for some reason nobody seems to be talking about
That's the one thing that really porked me off about what Obama said at that first debate that no American soldier ever dies in vain
How can you say such a thing
What do they die for over there for a war based on lies
But of course that's not the PC thing to say right. No, so rich people could get richer
What did I tell you way back in the beginning oh I L and M O any wide and I tell you that in the meantime
They got an 80 billion dollar budget surplus there in Iraq 80 billion dollars hanging around and we're spending 10 billion a month to like
Wind the war whatever that means there isn't any war
uh
Doesn't the war imply that they're like two countries fighting right
Last time I checked
Democrat Barack Obama responded was for trail by John McCain's campaign as a crony of terrorists
Fought fire with fire today by highlighting Republicans in brawlement and a devastating 80s financial scandal
A month from election day November 4
The rivals traded furious barbs as of a son of the senator McCain battle to arrest his Illinois opponents
Paul surge at a time of deep anxiety about the state of the US economy
Well, there's your president for confidence in the financial system. Oh, yeah, there's lots of confidence. That's why the market is tanking
Dropping like a gigantic boulder from the top of the grand canyon
Obama rolled out a new ad an email on slot recalling McCain's complicity in the scandal over jail tycoon Charles Keating
The collapse of whose savings and loan from wiped out the savings of many elderly retirees
Oi
McCain was part of a group of lawmakers that became known as the Keating five
Who received gifts and favors from the businessman and intervened with regulators to insist his company was in good health
The Republican escape of the formal censure by the Senate in 91
But spoke of the searing embarrassment caused by the scandal which cost the West government
$124 billion to bail out the entire SNL industry went on to become a crusader for ethics reform
Sound familiar Obama campaign manager David Plough said an email to supporters after Congress last week
Passed the $700 billion bailout for Wall Street
The McCain campaign is tried to avoid talking about the scandal
But with so many parallels to the current crisis
McCain's Keating history is relevant and voters deserve to know the facts and see for themselves the pattern of poor judgment by John McCain
He be saying
The war of words sparked by McCain's running mate Sarah Palin raised the stakes still higher as the presidential contenders prepared to face off at the second of three debates on Tuesday
Alaska governor Palin Saturday accused Obama of piling around with terrorists a reference to his title
Chicago to former militant William Ayers whose weatherman group bombed government buildings in the 60s and 70s
Palin told supporters that Democrat was thus not a good man who sees America as you and I do as the greatest force in the world for good
That remark appeared to wonder line that the Hawaiian Borno Obama the first African American with a serious shot at the president
He does not resemble the average white voter
But while the McCain campaign insisted won't play the race card against Obama
It does intend to portray him as a wild-eyed liberal who's not a step with hardland values and unfit to leave
McCain's spokesman Tucker bounds alleged that the University of Professor Ayers was part of a network of Chicago patrons including convicted fraudster Tony
Redskaw property tycoon used to be a top fundraiser for Obama
The last four weeks of this election will be about whether the American people are willing to turn our economy and national security over to Barack Obama
A man with a little record questionable judgment and ties to radical figures like unrepentant domestic terrorists William Ayers he said
Obama hit back at the terrorists jab with another TV spot that castigated the 70-year-old McCain's erratic behavior as Congress wore last week or the economic rescue package
The ad noted that top McCain advised a Greg Strympel and said the Republicans campaign was looking forward to turning a page on his financial crisis and instead attack Obama's aggressively liberal record
The Illinois Senator said he wouldn't fall prey to the kind of swiftball character assassination that helps think John Kerry's campaign once he
George W in 2004
They'd rather tear our campaign down than let this country up
That's what you do when you're out of touch out of ideas and running out of time Obama told a gigantic crowd of 28,000 people yesterday in Asville North Carolina
With crisis sweeping through Wall Street and Main Street polls not favor Obama both nationally and in battleground states as Florida
Ohio and Pennsylvania
Are you USA today MTV Gallup survey published today sure Obama now leads McCain 61 to 32 among registered voters under the age of 30
However McCain had a four-point lead among seniors 65 and older
Four-point lead among seniors. That's pretty weak
For a right wing old daughtering fool like same McCain, you know what?
You weak are you there? You're right? Well a little both you're dying over there
I'm not over here from what from a smell of the hollars from the go-mix
Farting up his storm nope
No, not really when fat people get really nervous. They start farting real bad
nervous one might have been nervous for because you got that big meeting with clearance coming up this afternoon. What you're gonna get fired?
Oh, well, you better mind your piece. You better say yes sir. Yes, mr. Yes, master. Yes, sir
I'm telling you right now, man. He's a hard-ass
He's a disciple of jolly joe a hard-ass bell fat ass
Yeah, oh here's the airs and emails this funny story
And I'm deleting it right now. I don't want funny stories. I don't want jokes
Okay
You got it. Okay, I got it. I don't want funny stories that somebody else told you
I want people on this email to say something
Neil at nearages.com even if they rip me an ass like a couple that I've read
Oh, you don't have any friends and nobody would go to dinner with you
Yeah, even George likes me a little bit not much. Yep
Chris likes me a lot. Oh, yeah, because if it weren't for me he wouldn't have this job correct
By the way, I forgot to send that check to your close personal buddy
cordis
I think I should send it today. Okay. Like you can send it to me and I'll give to him
No, you won't it's got his name on it. If I so you can send it to my name and I'll capture it
His name on it. If I ever make it out. I haven't made it out yet
Sorry, Josh, but the longer I take the send it, the longer he doesn't spend the money.
Does that a good way to look at it?
Sure.
So I do people that are losing your ass in the market.
Just imagine if you would have had all that money, you'd have blown it by now anyway.
So that's money you aren't losing.
It's only on paper.
Just sit tight, man.
This stuff comes back so fast.
That's what they all tell you.
As you get broker and broker.
That's why they call them a stock broker.
829 votes on your OJ pool.
Fry his ass, baby.
Sal says all weekend on TV I watched people complaining about the bailout package from
700 billion that was invested in our country.
This is a bargain compared to the 9 trillion we invested in Iraq.
Thanks Mr. President for those low gas prices as sale.
Atta boy's sale.
You know where the bodies are buried, baby.
Somewhere in Iraq.
And of course the American soldiers when they come back from Iraq in a box, they don't
want us to see that.
It's not good for business.
They don't want us to see those casket.
Atisket at casket, don't let the public see no casket.
Because they're reminding that there's somebody dead inside who used to be alive.
Living and breathing people with worthwhile lives and with husbands and wives and babies
and all these little babies.
Just like Sarah, they have a little baby only now they're dead because the president and
Dick Cheney decided to invade Iraq so we could get our hands on their oil for their
partners in crime.
Let me say it again if we should have invaded any place it should have been the freaking
Saudis.
And by the way, now that Ramadan is over, what are you going to do about that?
Eat.
Yeah, that's right.
Now they can eat.
Essin, Murghane, Essin, no messages in the email.
Look at that.
Oh, there's one.
One just came and you know who it's from?
I get up.
I'm just anxious and I'm deleting it right now.
Unconscious, you're out.
See, there are certain idiots out there.
They don't understand.
Want to do it?
I get tired enough of them.
I see it's from them and just delete, delete, delete.
Get the kids names for the next town.
Delete it for the new projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So, what's your name?
The best talent.
It's the TSO.
Wake nights for me to 11.
Here I come.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
For the flagship station.
Oh, Jason's the name got no soul and we all know he's alive.
We're in the hospital.
Biggest as we have learned.
He's still so he can retire.
Oh, Jason went in the hotel and we've been gone in the air.
With a great big knife or two to say.
Time to strap him in the electric chair.
Oh, Jay.
Rod Vegas.
Oh, Jay.
Rod Vegas.
Absolutely.
Oh, Jay.
Oh, Jay.
Rod Vegas.
Oh, Rod.
The first one.
560 WQ.
I'm happy Monday to it.
Next Monday is Canadian Thanksgiving, eh?
Okay.
I want to have offer then.
It's a major holiday Thanksgiving.
I don't know.
How can a Canadian be having Thanksgiving?
They stole that from us, right?
Okay.
I mean, there was no pilgrims in Canada.
Well, you're right.
They might have had a similar story though.
A similar story?
What's the non pilgrims?
You know, whatever.
A bunch of turkeys?
A bunch of turkeys running this guy.
I just think he's a coward.
I just even freaking Harper.
And that fraud step on the own.
Who stuff on the own while they move all the way?
Oh, my God.
If I ever wondered which I never did, I always knew why.
But if anybody ever wondered why they hate French Canadians in South Florida?
Just go to Quebec, eh?
Oh, my God.
Go to Montreal.
Frogs.
It's a frogfish.
It's like that scene in Magnolia.
Tom says, I'm giving a couple of emails here in Arizona.
See, let me just explain something to you, which I know you think I'm an idiot.
And you're right.
I'm slow. I'm naive.
I'm a fool.
I never learn.
Yeah.
But I thought that when I stumbled upon his email ID to replace most of the calls that we did take one call today from that goofball in LA that alleged story about lyric king,
which may or may not be true and quite frankly, who cares.
But I thought that, you know, with even if you have like a third the audience that we used to have or a fourth,
I thought the potential was there for like thousands of emails to be coming in.
The potential is that right?
Right.
I mean, like all these spam emails we get, I mean, Zillions of those.
Oh, I mean, I, Jerry, I just have eight billion dollars for you if you'll just respond to this and give me your social security number and et cetera, you know, we give lots of those.
Lots of crap.
But I'm talking about people who listen to the show, people who are in contact with us with something to say.
I thought the possibilities were like unlimited because everybody's going right now.
The possibilities are.
And I, I, and the first couple of days are the first three days.
It was phenomenal.
Phenomenal, not good, spectacular, sensational, phenomenal.
And now it's basically like I said, the same handful of misfits.
I mean, they're there.
There occasionally is something worthwhile on there and I read as many of them as I can on the air, but generally speaking.
Oh, Jane, I forgot to read James.
There's some stuff from over the weekend.
The weekend, it's just astonishing.
There is nothing that comes in.
I mean, virtually nothing.
When you think weekend would be time that people are sitting down, tapping out a few things on the Internet.
No, absolutely not.
Most of the emails that we get, I assume, are people on their work PC.
You know, screw it off instead of doing work.
That's our crowd.
So in other words, our audience doesn't have a PC at home.
Probably, but you know, on the weekend most people I would like to think are doing other things.
Or other people.
This crowd?
I have no life.
Anyway, Jane and Deerfield is trying to suck up.
Remember, she was giving me the crap about the body wash and the bottles?
Yes.
Oh, and I got the pomegranate one.
This is the, um, salsa.
I'm still using that pink grapefruit.
It's great.
I'm almost out of that.
It is great.
See, I told you.
Oh, that's a fag thing, Deer.
That's for fag, it's only.
Yeah, right.
It might be, but it still smells really good.
It's great.
It's, it's, it's sure is better than that nasty, smarmy soap.
These guys just like to have an excuse to drop the soap.
That's all.
Jane says the hell with body wash, the world is screwed anyway.
Now you got to write attitude, Jane.
I'm so depressed with everything she says.
When I see this pale in person, it makes me want to gag.
Then I realize these are the people that are going to hope for her.
According to the philosophy she follows, she should be home baking cookies.
Yeah, with that little baby.
It hears she is a governor and possibly a VP.
She can't name the newspaper she reads because obviously she doesn't read any.
Any woman who votes for her because she can't vote for a swelery should have the right to vote taken away.
The same goes for any man to vote for her because she's hot.
Write you again when I have more material, love you, Jane.
Thank you, Jane.
See?
Jane redeemed herself after I bitched her out about that body wash comment.
Oh, you're not recycling the bottles.
Oh, my God, you're destroying the planet now.
And finally, Jane came back to earth.
And like that, you know?
Yep.
Well, I'm looking at my palm, discovering out a bunch of emails here that I haven't used.
Isn't that bad?
That's good that you found them now.
Oh!
And this article here, did you see it?
It was on our website.
Florida teacher uses the N word against Obama.
Did you see this?
No.
No.
A Florida middle school teacher faced disciplinary action after using the word Nigger to describe democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama.
W.J.H. G's Christy Walsky reported.
The seventh grade teacher, Greg Howard asked his students what changed the form of relation to the Obama campaign
and proceeded to write out an acronym.
Acquit the acronym, come help get a Nigger elected.
And of course, we've had how many of those zillions on the email?
Oh, yeah.
Lots.
Which I do everyday.
Immediately.
The school suspended Howard without pay for ten days and removed him from his position at the school.
That shouldn't happen said Billy DeLaHonda no, Obama supporter because they're there to learn.
They're not there to discriminate.
Jackson County's deputy school so pretend and confirm that the teacher used the racial slurring class.
And that's saying, well, how can you find a...
How do you present something like that in a school?
No matter how much it will write in that query, huh?
I don't know.
Seventh grade teacher asked his students what changed it for.
But school officials said Howard had been transferred to Jackson County adult education program, or he will continue to teach.
Howard's also been removed from his position as football coach and any and may face further action from the FDF for Department of Education.
This isn't the first instance of racism in the presidential race.
A conservative convention in September included a vendor selling Obama waffles that featured a caricature of the candidate.
The candidate reminiscent of Angie Mime is Maple Syrup.
During the Democratic primaries earlier this year, MSNBC analyst Keith Overnman called an editorial by former Bush strategist Carl Roeva attacking Obama outright racist.
And here it shows the Blackboard he wrote it out.
CHANG come help a N word get elected.
Just unbelievable.
Just pathetic.
Yeah.
I'll tell you one thing.
And they can sure serve up a lot of soup in Florida. You know why?
Why?
Because they got lots of crackers to go with it.
Oh, whoa.
Endless to fly.
Markets down 500 points.
499.71.
501 like I said.
Oh, brother.
Oh, my God.
Now can you imagine if you got all your money, your life saving side up in that craft?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think that might make some more bacon today.
Good.
Yeah.
On the next break as opposed to going up before it as opposed to going across to the no speaking English store and buying me a big one of those Kings Eye Snickers bars before I drive off to Woodbott.
It's a good plan.
Is it?
I think so.
But you know me.
I'll do both.
Probably.
What do you think, Chris?
Bacon or Snickers?
Bacon.
Bacon.
You're making bacon.
Bring home the bacon, baby.
858 on Chris's pull.
He's diluting himself in it.
Believe him.
We're going to get a thousand votes.
So it's not going to happen.
Oh, well.
I mean, it should.
All I need 1.8.
Can't happen.
It could.
1.8 votes per minute.
Well, let's read the result.
Maybe that'll push people.
I mean, everybody should have opinion on OJ.
524 points the markets in the toilet.
And the NASDAQ's down 116.
And that's bad.
That is read.
And the S&P is down 62 and a half points for that jackass.
The S&P is up.
Neal.
Yeah.
Up your ass.
858 on the pull.
What's your take on the OJ conviction?
Great.
Better late than ever.
624.
72.7%.
Don't care.
151.
OJ got screwed.
67.
Yes.
Screw this.
Can only hope he gets screwed there on the answer.
That's why they got a micellaried man.
I bet there are a lot of guys that like to take a red hot poker and stick it where the
old cockamoon don't try.
And who's OJ 16?
Out of 800 and 60 vote.
You need 140 and we got 60 and 20 and 80 minutes.
Not going to happen, man.
Unless you really push it.
Push it.
Get's name.
The best talent.
You don't need to apologize.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
8.
4th leader.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
Are you sure?
Or land you well to Gary?
547.
Rock 4th.
Rock the college.
I'm QAM.
8.
Sport leader.
Welcome.
In ON.
D.A.
Y.
S.
U.D.
A.S.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
Rock.
I don't believe it's ever been a question
That the Jewish man is guilty of sin
Maybe when office men's money caught off those two people's heads shut up
Oh, hey shut up
You had a bad name and two people died
The cheer will let you go but you really shouldn't cry
You shouldn't prop it
Not one single sentence because nobody cares
You can't afford to pay rent
We all want to stay shut up the way
There's no way to spend
We're two to three again so I'll chase shut up
Shut up go away
I'm dying over here
For a long time, 15 years sounds good to me
530 points on the downside, downside for the dow
Not easy to say is it?
No
I'm making my bacon and when the thing goes off
I'm going to get up and run out and give them
Having some soup
Don't put a thing full of soup in your mouth
Till when?
Till I try to get my bacon because
I'm going to go to the market and then Chris will have to talk
Although I think he's going to crack all the time
He can tell a story about how the beast tried to get him fired over the weekend
Again?
Again?
I've only told the story like 15 times
Well tell them a couple more times, okay?
If George can't fill the page
And then you should post it on your blog
Oh, then I have to make one first
Yeah, I'm all in there, the audience would love that
I guarantee you you'd get a lot more response in your blog than I got it
Oh there's the beep beep beep beep beep beep, okay
See ya
Bye
I got my soup going
Damn
You can move things out of the way over here
It'll just play a bit then
We should
Or we could just play a chomping sound
You know, you can loop those things
And now, it won't have to press any button at all
I could do that all day long
He could loop anything in here in case you didn't know
That's cool
In case you were wondering
In case you really wanted to kill some time
Like the screams
Or the crickets
Or what else would be good this
It's not that successful, this is a pleasure
Okay, so I've been back a lot quicker except that it takes the extra 36 and it's to
You know, to tamp it down with the paper towel to get all the fat and the grease off
Got to tamp it
Mm-hmm
I'll put a tampon
I'll tamp it
Uh-huh
Mm-hmm
Nice and crispy
Too bad you can't get the Schneider as a nukeable, did you ever find any?
No, of course I haven't looked but
You can't find it unless you look for it
This is true
Try to tell you that
800 A's V-Vo's in fact Chris's pole
And the Dow is down 559
There is that Henry Waxman with that pig nose
You know the congressman from California
Yeah
He's got a pig nose, you ever see him?
No
Turn on, turn on and see him right away
Oh, er, eat
I might have to do it
Oh, yeah, yeah
You're right, it is a pig nose
He's a great congressman but he's got a pig nose
All right, can I go back to mine?
Soaps now
I beg your pardon?
Booby soap operas
And even go back to your booby soap operas
Thank you
Oh
Look at all the grease
From his bacon
Here's an email from Danny
It says listen to Georgia Show on Friday
He was talking about the documentary
Why we fight
And after bringing it up on you
Tube
And watching I have three words to describe it
Absolutely correct
Absolutely correct
Keep up the good fight
We're fighting
It's a radio show
That's all we're not going to change the world here
It's a radio show
Mosque 11
That's all we're making a living
Sub of us
Chris
Chris is making a good living
Till he gets fired
It's a good news
Yeah, till he opens up a big mouth of clearance
Just remember, clearance and the beast
Our tightest tightest can be
I wonder if I have a newborn baby
What?
I wonder if I go on unemployment if I get a raise
Probably
I would think so
What did I say?
I said we're going for 900 votes today
We got an EADD3
See, I know not to get carried away
You on the other hand
Didn't you say we don't get a thousand you're quitting?
I did
We doesn't get a thousand he's getting fired
That might be what it is
I think even if he gets 10,000 votes under
He's still getting fired
You got some nerve picking a spat with the beast
I didn't pick you with him
He picked it with me
Like I said, quit picking on the beast
Like that email, quit picking on Sarah
From that idiot Edward Sniskey
Moron, Simpleton
And like I said, nobody with any brains
He keeps listening here, we did somebody that they despise
Somebody they refine repulsive and obnoxious
Speak for itself
No messages in the earth view right now
Email, nealandnearodges.com
It's pretty weak, pretty disappointing
Here's one from us, some queen Jason
This is our apologies, I've only had the opportunity to listen to it for an hour
So if you mention this already please disregard
No, I have not
We saw an excellent film this weekend, Religilus
A satire commentary documentary
Which I've seen all the ads forward with Bill Mar
That's why I haven't seen it
I'm not a huge fan of Mar in general
But this film was terrific, you see in it George?
No, it's not the previous though
It looks interesting
I might have to choke down my hatred of him and give it a watch
Be cool
Maybe you can give me a bogus calming a compu
Let me get to work on that
The movie posts fun at all religions
But spends a great deal of time on fundamental Christians, Catholics, etc
And somebody once said, never underestimate this stupidity of the American public
I think both you and George would enjoy this film a great deal
We'll watch it
Currently it's playing out the gateway in Lauderdale
I'm sure it must be in Toronto as well
Yes it is, eh?
In any event fellow queer here, well in that case Jason, you're fairy
I'm in an LTR long term relationship for 15 years with someone 20 years older than me
I've always had a thing for older guys
Must confess, wait, now wait till you get to this part
I want you to strap yourself in otherwise you'll fall on the floor
Alright, I'll strap myself on
In laughter
Must confess, I always thought you were a very handsome guy with a quick wit and admire will elect
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
So I said I had dinner with a Humper on Saturday night. Yeah you did it. I would find no items in this view.
Can you imagine back in the day when we really had an audience? How does email thing would have been? How great that would have been? Wow.
WQ I am hello. That people definitely know their puppy pastry. Now let's stop talking to all those gay talkers. Talk about the deafens.
Yeah that's as gay as it gets. Love the dolphins. Gay. Well who cares? Who cares what you love? Drop dead. Schmuck. Love the dolphins. Well good. How much did you love him last year when he won one game? Well I won two games this year. So they got a big improvement already. Who cares what you love? Schmuck. WQ I am hello.
Yeah you blew it. I was with Larry. Can I show you the picture tomorrow? I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with Larry. I was with
Larry. I was with Larry. I was withView heel. You don't have to pull your feet. You don't have to pull your feet that hard. That's how so there's history in the world Japan. What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? What'd you get at that time? A time? How'd you get at that time? Oh? That's about the doctor? Oh! That's about the doctor? Oh? That's about the doctor? Oh! That's about the doctor? Oh! That's about the doctor? Oh! That happens to me. That? It's about a time for the doctor? What could you get at that time? Oh! That's about the doctor? This? It's about the doctor? Oh? That happens to me? Well, he's shooting passion out of Catherine gegenüber and how
But his bacon is pretty good.
Oh, and look at that.
Now the phone is lighting up like a Christmas tree.
I took a couple more calls.
Oh, yeah.
Just because there's a dearth of emails.
No, no items in this view.
You know what that means?
What?
It means email thing is dying.
Or wicked death.
And it means you're going to be...
Well, you're the one that started
by taking a lot of calls on Friday.
That's right.
Did you take a lot of calls?
I took some.
SUDs came in also, you know, so I didn't have to.
Oh, SUDs came in.
Now I see.
I know how to cheat.
And on the radio too.
WQAM, hello.
Emil, because we live in South Florida.
I think they give us four positive experiences.
We're next to Cuba.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I'm voting for fancri.
Uh-huh.
Easy, because he's a good boarder.
Keep you in there.
Okay.
Thank you.
And that's the poll on the phone.
Fancri, Chris, or the beast?
Who's going to get canned first?
So your nose is just his nothing right-ass.
That's your problem.
Oh, well.
If you'd be in there with clearance,
kissing his ass like the beast is in all these years.
Well, the next word he was letting.
Huh?
So it's been nice working with you.
So who are we going to have?
Flea?
No, he hasn't always got a real job.
I mean, he might do, you know, do some fill-in work
when we need somebody.
He's laying to fill in?
I'm sure he is.
He's one of yours.
He's gay.
Well, you're the one who said that.
Does his wife know that?
No, he's in the client.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Not quite.
What do you mean?
Good.
Deputy QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How's it going?
Okay.
Uh-huh.
We can, do you have a go-wikens?
Great.
Sensational.
What?
How about you?
You have a life?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, I got a life.
Neil.
Yeah.
Did you watch the doctor's birthday yesterday?
No, I did not.
The big tuna man, he's the same as the other.
Yeah, tuna, tuna stinks, man.
Tuna stinks like rotten, like holy mackerel.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
He don't live in your projects.
Sporting your 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Right.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a fourth-lother day.
It's not just the one to two-hour.
It's a phenomenon.
This is I with the stew.
Among the world leaders gathering at the UN General Assembly,
our Republican Vice President,
you can't answer a palan,
and the president of Afghanistan.
Listen to what he said.
I'm a Muslim.
Do you like hockey?
Do you live in Alaska?
Yes.
I'm a hockeyman from Alaska.
Do you see Russia from Alaska?
Yes.
You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
How does it look like?
What is your foreign policy experience?
I got involved in the PTA.
Quick photo-op with no questions from the media.
Very little chance.
She'll stumble.
What is the difference between you and President Bush?
Lipstick.
One o'clock at 560 WQAM is our gigantic 1-2 hour.
Anybody believe that?
No.
It is.
A rat.
I think what we ought to do is we ought to have like the hidden microphone.
Or we're going to hide it.
In Clarence's office so that when Chris goes in there after the show,
is that when your meeting is right after the show?
Correct.
In Clarence's office?
I guess.
Correct him.
If I was you, I'd stick my nose way up in there, man.
No, it's okay.
Until it comes up to his neck.
Butter your ears.
Not okay.
Butter boy.
Butter up.
Yeah.
Tell me you want a butter paycheck every two weeks.
Which I ain't saying much.
Matt says, fat rich, perfect.
I don't know what that means.
I know he was a good friend of yours and actually threw in a fat rich line during the lightning round when you were on IOD.
Something about changing the McDonald's million-served sign after rich went through the drive through with his caddy ordered a million burgers.
Well, Rich never had a caddy but nevertheless.
I used to go to the appearance and actually spoke to Rich once.
Unfortunately, it was right after speaking to Gilbert so my memory is a tad soiled, kind of like you're underpants occasionally.
Love you Uncle Neil, F. Joyce, F. Jolly Joe, F. Clarence, F. My Brother Robin Newport.
Is it just me or does Joe Rosalind like Kermit the Frog when he sings?
I can't reach the off button fast enough.
You'll feel like you bought from the factory!
Gobama says, um, Matt.
Thanks, Matt.
Yeah, he does sound like Kermit the Frog.
Like any literate Kermit the Frog.
When he starts talking about the electric bill, I just, it just sends me into orbit, you know.
You get a monthly electric bill?
Yeah.
Electric?
Electric.
A positive L.
MNFNOP.
Yeah.
What he's trying to mean is fine tobacco.
LSMFT.
Mike says, I'm an airline pilot for an international cargo company.
The emails by the way are coming in by the ones they're pouring in.
Not by the ones.
Thank you for the free list on the internet.
I've been a fan since 84 when I arrived here from Fully.
Remember Jerry Blavett, the greeter with the heater, no, I don't.
And then says he's dead.
Well, whatever.
I recall that he's following Hurricane Andrew.
I live near Tammy and me airport.
We got clobbered.
Listen to you on the transistor radio.
It brought a semblance of normalcy to my world turned upside down.
When I find myself in Europe, Asia or South America, the hour is correct.
I listen in and enjoy your familiar enjoyable style.
We also fly to the desert quite often in support of our troops.
And I find myself sitting in a hotel in Bahrain or Dubai for several days.
Your show may be a little bit racy for people in the Middle East.
So I keep the volume down, but I laugh out loud.
Yeah, those Middle East like the Saudis, man, kill them.
Get them over there before they get us over here at M Saudis.
And these nose packies, my God, they're fudge packing is what they're doing.
That was down 546, a nasty day on Wall Street, nasty.
Woo!
I watched the debate last week from Santiago Chilli.
They have CNN wherever we go.
And just because Pailin didn't step on her thing, she's declared to be the winner.
Question mark.
No, she wasn't declared by anybody to be the winner.
That was the thing that astonished me is that she didn't fall down and drool.
And that in spite of that, just about everybody, every poll I saw, by an overwhelming, was the winner.
Am I correct?
Yes.
And they pull numbers for over when we came, went down.
And the people rating for Pailin went down.
Yeah.
Gotta go down before I go on up.
Miami, Mike says the dumbing of America never ceases to amaze me.
Never underestimate this stupidity of the American people.
Keep up the good work, fan to this, you're wherever my may be.
That's another thing.
How come we don't get like Mike obviously gets around.
He's a world traveler, which is great.
I mean, we've got people who listen all over the world on the internet.
Right?
Yep.
How come we don't get a lot of emails from them?
Good point.
Like in Saudi Arabia, although if they're listening in Saudi Arabia, they probably have the radio real, real quiet.
Yeah.
Yes, he's in iPhones.
Tommy T's got a long, long, long, long thing here.
Oh, and it's from Dave Barry.
Well, the day that I read Dave Barry on here will be the last show I'll guarantee you that.
Dave Barry.
He's real funny.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Almost as funny as Bill Mar.
That movie might be pretty good though.
We got to get it and we got to see it.
Even though it is him.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
Oh, but you're wrong.
Bill Mar is a genius.
Yeah.
Okay, whatever.
Just like what's your name?
Rachel Maddow.
What's his name?
Mm-hmm.
Leaves me limp.
Awful.
Just awful.
You know, one thing about...
Wow, what?
You know, she at least had a little bit of stuccoca of her own as opposed to just trying to be a carbon copy of me.
But Rachel Maddow makes no bones about it.
I mean, she's just Keith Overman, Jr.
Just like the Prime Minister here, Steven Harper.
He's George Bush, Jr.
Name withheld on this...
What is that all about?
Name withheld.
They don't want you to know their name.
Well, why not?
Well, how about making up one?
Neil God, this town sucks the stock markets in the toilet again.
Thanks, President A.H. Bushmeister.
I hope he can sleep at night.
I hope he chokes on his money.
The drivers are, well, you know, you got to get out of this hole at the right time.
No one is emailing because they're all jumping out of tall buildings because their 401k is toilet paper.
He's a worth going on or should I join him?
Name withheld, join them.
Name withheld killed himself today.
It says, gotta go take a big joyous love you always.
Isn't this sad?
Oh, yeah.
Feed us some of your own material.
I know you don't have any, but feed us something.
I had my bacon.
It was pretty good.
Now, at the end of the show, I'm going to go running over to my...
No speaking English can be in store one.
Yeah.
Maybe I won't.
So you just don't talk to them at all.
You just buy what you want and put the money down and there's no question in English.
What I'm saying is that with people in New York, occasionally, they'll ask her for something
and she doesn't know what they're talking about.
And then she'll say, oh, no speaking English.
But they're Chinese, right?
Right.
Okay.
You say, Ni Hao.
At least.
Okay.
That's just fine.
I can get with them just fine over there.
They've got a few bucks and they're glad to take it.
And the husband always overcharges or tries to.
Oh, made a mistake.
Oh, sorry, made a mistake.
Oh, no.
Oh.
K-Posa.
And the whole pile fell through the slot.
Oh, no.
You're going to have to bend over.
That's real tough for you fat people with big fat.
You got to the slot.
You know what's the slot or cost?
No.
Quarter.
Oh.
I was hoping to win.
Quarter or slot.
Yeah.
Oh, and maybe there's something good in this pile.
Oh, seven state workers now would read a test if I
Intuburgate probe.
That's on top of my pile.
But much more important than that is Cornel says, oh, J's got to be the biggest idiot known to man.
Oh, he's no Joe Bell.
I'll tell you that.
Boy, you should have heard me and Hank ripen Joe Bell and ask it.
And then there's Saturday night it was great.
And like I told the Humper, I don't ripen behind his back.
I just do it right on the ear.
Or right to his face.
Hey, Joe, you fat ass.
When you look up that word in any language, this picture will appear idiot.
The average person who can get away with murder would lay low for the rest of their lives.
Not OJ.
If you ever see him in person, you would marvel at that big ass head he has and wonder why there aren't any brains in it.
When he dies, they must perform brain surgery on dumb ass so we can recognize stupidity and future generations before childbirth and maybe find a way to eliminate it with drugs.
Too bad those knees are gone because he's going to need them to get away from fellows in prison.
Someday we'll see videos of him dressed like Nicole and being used and abused by some six five three hundred pounder.
Go Obama now says Cornel.
Thanks Cornel.
909 on the pole, Chris.
You got a shot at 950.
If we don't get to 950, Chris is retiring.
Retire.
What do you say?
Um, I'm trying to remember if I can afford to retire.
I think that's a no.
525 on the downside for the down, not good.
Nish good, baby.
Nish good.
They passed that bailout bill and looks like they're not bailing them themselves out.
Looks like the people are peeing in their pantaloons.
Seven Alaska State employees have reversed course and agreed to testify and an investigation into whether Republican Vice Presidential nominee Sarah.
Can I call you Joe?
Palin.
Abused her powers by a family commissioner who refused to dismiss her former brother-in-law.
But she started doing the winking thing and starting to talk about Joe six pack.
At that point I felt like losing meals.
Upchukin for hours.
Joe six pack my ass and the hockey moms and America hockey moms.
Talk about cornpone.
Talk about redneck.
Talk about trailer trash.
There is no indication now over that Palin or her husband will not agree to testify about the case, which is dog to her for the past several months and could hurt John McCain in the final weeks of the race.
Palin is the focus of a legislative inquiry over her firing of public safety commissioner Walt Monaghan a year after she or husband and key advisors began questioning him about getting rid of a state trooper who had gone through an nasty divorce with her suicide.
She was a former sister.
Trailer trash.
It's like what was that like dynasty or a Dallas one of those old TV nighttime soaps.
Falcon Cris that was the one with Lorenzo Lamas.
Yes he does.
Who you hate and I like a lot or at least I used to.
I'm sure you know it looks so good anymore.
He was one of the prettiest guys.
He wasn't as pretty as Matt the castle.
Now I take that back. He was prettier.
I would mind seeing Matt castle naked.
Okay.
Well I mean why not let me in the locker room for quite a while Chris arrange that would you?
Yeah.
When's the Patriots game at Miami?
I can look it up.
Maybe by then we'll have our act together a little bit all the way down it.
Yeah look it up.
Look at that kid.
917 don't forget we need to get 950 or Chris ain't coming back ever again.
I would have talked about this as there a website too.
I'm making fun.
I wonder if Josh Cortes is there with a few.
Forget the website they have another one of those like things you have to watch.
I'm not sending that check.
No I got it.
I got it.
You know.
Here's one from Santa.
I want to thank you for mentioning Schneider's hot dogs and saying how good they are.
I haven't seen the dogs down here for but publics does have Schneider's Canadian bacon slices in the rexland.
How do you like that?
You might find my nukeable bacon in publics.
November 23rd 1pm.
Oh I'll be there.
I'll be in the locker room to greet Matt.
Greet and eat meat.
Meet and greet.
And eat.
Thank God for you and you.
The best thing is out for us to offer a level Bama and my mama.
This is Santo.
Yamama.
So socks and hell they are.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're a busy little object.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog.
Joros.
We dim morning 7 o'clock.
Where South Florida sports always Matt.
Are you sure?
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Kill the cold.
The ramblings went on.
They passed a lot of technical tests.
You know what?
Nobody believes it.
Mr. Bant.
You know, so if I'm not going to benefit,
I'm not going to be some bands and wonky for you guys.
OJ, Mr. Bant said.
I'm going to pass it to begin with.
What makes you think you could pass it now?
Simple.
Sign off.
Tell me I do keep somebody that makes me feel good.
What makes you think you could pass it now?
You murdered Nicole.
And you know you did it.
And you know, I mean, you're just amazing.
And you, what have you ever given me, OJ?
You've never given me a damn penny.
You've never given me a damn penny.
You've never given me a damn penny.
You've never given me a damn penny.
You're a pig.
You're a love line.
No good.
Why?
Son of a gun.
Oh, wait, you know, you're pathetic.
You guys, that's no.
You're pathetic.
No, you and Fred Goma.
I never go on TV.
I avoid the media as much as I can.
They chase me.
You guys, if it's a door opening, you guys are showing up.
OJ, you're the only person that's benefited from this Denise.
You never gave me a damn penny.
You are the only one.
You and I, we didn't get along.
We didn't get along because you couldn't control me.
That's why I wanted to get along.
Oh, no, I didn't get along because the court was afraid you were going to have sex with me.
That's why I didn't get along.
Oh, please.
It was the colonel who just filled with me.
I'm pleased your ego is just really riding a little bit too high, son of son.
Oh, his ego is bigger than his ****.
Yeah.
117.560 WQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
Just relax.
Okay, cheer up.
Thousand five thirty eight.
What, what, what difference does it make?
Okay.
So we're going to be in a gigantic depression.
Right?
Yeah.
Life goes on.
You still got things to look forward to like, you know, like death.
I got some bad news though.
I'm trying to keep it light.
Keep it light, Neil.
Keep it right.
Because people are, you know, they're bummed out, man.
We're going through some tough economic times.
And people are wondering if they're going to have two nickels to rub together.
Uh-huh.
Original carb, ice cream, shop and a heart still closes up for good.
Oh, no.
The original carb, ice cream, it's last cones yesterday.
More than seven decades after becoming the suburban New York birthplace of an ice cream empire.
And you're the one that's always sticking up for Carvelle.
Me?
I think.
I said it's real ice cream.
Yeah, right.
It's a push of dairy queen.
All right.
It blows.
I didn't say that.
