Bill Rogers is coming up next. Have a great day everybody. It's 10 o'clock.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts that
they beat a little girl's team, Joe, with a little girl's quarterback who handed the
13 points before anybody was in their seat.
The biggest name of the season.
The oldest name of the four 3DO 560 WQAM.
I stand for the Lutterdale.
What the hell is that?
560 WQAM presents the New York City to talk to new, dial 567-0 560 in day and
Howard. In other counties, call toll free 877-75-Nil, or count 560 on your
AT&T and Verizon Wireless Phone.
Leavens the opinions expressed by NIL, his guests, or his colleagues, do not
represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the NIL Rogers show on 560 WQAM.
This is CNN, breaking news. Several McCain aides suggest to CNN that they're increasingly
frustrated by what an aide described as Sarah Palin going rogue.
Do you agree with the Bush doctor?
I'm not trying to take any of your questions.
McCain defended Palin saying, we're both mammaries and we have to fight.
I'll tell you one thing, who is the most despicable, the most anxious of them all?
What the hell are they doing out there in a hallway?
Did you hear that?
I heard something.
I didn't hear that was your chair or something.
Keep it down out there, you maniacs.
Anyway, what's I'm just going to say, oh, the most despicable of them all is the anxious,
the subhuman scumball, Julie Bremen.
They showed McCain speaking in Tampa this morning and right behind him, as always, I think
he's joined at the hip.
I think he's got a certain body part attached to McCain's, who could be wrong about that,
but I don't think so.
The grotesque Julie Bremen.
John Kerry, this is one of the main reasons that John Kerry lost the election last time.
He said the fact they fixed Ohio is that he's a wimp.
He's on me the press yesterday with Broca and Broca asked him about Julie Bremen and, oh,
we're all friends and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And yes, I want him in the Democratic Party and yes, I want, oh, God, maybe you want
to caca, John Kerry.
You wonder why the hell he lost that election, why they were able to steal it?
God.
Beside that.
Anyway, election day tomorrow and I'm all whipped up about it.
The emails we got, oh, my God, you wouldn't believe it.
Nothing.
I mean, just a bunch of caca, a lot of caca going on.
In fact, I've got an email from Cecilia, which may or may not be a true story about the
zoo, a trip to the zoo, but nevertheless, it's worth a read.
But other than that, just some obnoxious racial hate, sick, twisted, disgusting grotesque garbage.
And then, yeah, some of the chronic, one chronic, said the same thing about eight times.
You know how long your taste did elite something that's on there eight times?
A few minutes.
About two seconds.
All right.
We got flee with us who's not speaking.
And of course, Fat Chris, who's with us because he wanted to be with us this week.
We know it.
He really put his best foot forward.
I went in there and I said, look, I don't care what you do.
I don't care what you do.
I don't ask.
You said what?
Said, I don't care what you do.
I'm going to be here Monday through Friday no matter what.
And so because of that, I'm working two straight weeks at the very least.
Don't come in and, you know, show up, put your best foot on the on crowd.
Please ask.
And then they'll go through a song and an answer.
We want sympathy.
Okay.
Why not?
I don't get paid.
So shouldn't I get some sympathy?
You don't get paid.
Well, I mean, not really.
I thought you're hourly.
Yeah.
I was making more hourly three years ago as a part-time stockman that I make as a full-time producer.
Yeah, but you didn't have the glorious stocking shelves.
True.
Okay.
You want a celebrity?
That's superstar.
I'm going to tell you this is a big week.
It's election day tomorrow, my birthday on Wednesday.
And I'm, I think I'm going to like clear the decks this week.
Clear the decks of all the DREC, including some of the people out there with this crap
between the micepace and between this email thing.
There's just too much garbage out there.
See, people think that when you're on a radio or on TV or whatever,
some sort of a celebrity, and I use the term very loosely, that you're like a human
battering ram.
We're here for the purpose of letting you just take all the cheap shots that you want
and just aggravate, agitate and use and abuse.
And generally speaking, I think, you know, I'm a pretty nice guy.
Maybe I'm not Mr.
Warmth.
That's the understatement of the century, but basically a pretty nice guy.
I think that all stops on my 66th birthday.
I think I'm going to start being selfish.
Is there something wrong with that?
It's a whole new meal.
That's right.
New deal with the new meal on Wednesday.
Okay, let's get the ball on the road.
Here's the pull from Friday.
What's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome?
1444 vote.
That's not too shabby, you know what?
Not too bad.
Not too good, but not too shabby, considering.
Oh, and by the way, since we got flee this week, what was this BS you were spreading
around a couple of months ago about how Jolly Joe said, oh, we've got some
promotion money to spend the last three months of the year.
Bapapaban.
See what Neal thinks would be a good idea.
Remember that?
Yeah, that never happened.
What another freaking lie by your good, close buddy, Jolly, Rolly Joe.
Fat ass Jolly Joe.
Since today's November turd, pretty obvious thing.
Could it be no promotion?
What happened all that money?
He go out and spend it.
Yeah, I think the budget's got cut.
That's what I was told.
If the budget's got cut anymore, instead of people getting paychecks on pay,
they're going to have like an empty envelope for us to fill up for them.
Don't say that too loud.
Yeah, please don't fill up the envelope.
Do we need a duty for the beesleaves?
Their stock is in the toilet.
Okay.
Anyway, here's the result of that pull.
So, so we're not going to have any promotions.
That what you're telling me?
I heard that we might be getting some trade with some buses.
Oh, I trade with some buses.
Broward County.
What's your prediction for Tuesday's election outcome?
Obama wins in a landslide 650.
That's what I'm thinking.
Although, you know, over the weekend, they keep making it sound.
I mean, they, the media types like, oh, it's going to be a lot closer than we
thought and he's a battleground state.
And I don't, I don't see it.
I'm looking for that.
I don't see it.
Obama wins a landslide 650.
Obama wins but close 425.
Republican steel and other election 181.
I'm going to be really p old if that happens again.
Right and broad daylight.
They did two, two elections in a row and the mainstream media is like, oh, but a beat,
but a loop, but about.
Can we get any makeup for Rachel?
McCain wins but close 101.
I don't give a Schmidt 41.
McCain wins in a landslide 26 crazy people and WTF 20.
We're starting to put WTF on a lot more of the polls.
That's my attitude about a lot of things and a lot of people.
I'm changing my whole altitude about some people.
People that stab you in the back.
People are supposed to be your friends.
You know, people that you take good care of and they stab you in the back.
Oi.
Okay.
Here's the current poll.
Let me see that out.
Look, express Neil at Neil Rogers dot com.
There are no items in this view.
Davey for election day.
There should be a thousand emails in there with people with something to say.
And by the way, William Schneider stopped sending me the same links to the same boring
craft over and over and over and over and over again.
I got one email over the weekend.
I'm not going to read it on the air because I don't want to get started again with the same
loser, the same neurotic nut job.
Okay.
I'll read it to you tomorrow morning before the show.
I forgot today because you came into very, very, very late.
Chris had car problems today.
I'm for again.
Chrome.
His Chrome dome light wouldn't go out.
How important is two days election to you?
Six hundred fifty five votes.
We're going to make a thousand today because we got free with us to put us over the top.
And if we don't like to see in his squeaky voice, what?
And if we don't, it's just all his fault.
That's right.
No, it's Gellie's fault.
He got a squeaky voice.
Boy, I saw him with Billy Lindsay between periods of the panther, which panther loss was it?
I guess it was last night.
The Saturday didn't televised.
I mean, you talk about just Gellie, you're just your unfit for the human race.
With that beak, that was up 40 cents.
And out and out.
It's down 48 cents.
How important is Tuesday's election to you?
Six hundred fifty five vote.
Life and death.
Four hundred one.
That's what I voted.
This is it.
Some of the important 179.
Don't give a Schmidt 34 WTF 25.
Not very important 16.
So life and death or someone important is like 88, almost 90%.
See a bit or a day and well get out and voted.
By the way, tomorrow all the polling places will be open.
And then there won't be lines where people are standing in line 468, 10 hours.
And I still say exactly what I said last week.
Anybody who should have who thinks that it makes sense to have to stand in line for hours and hours to vote is
you're the problem because you put up with this crap.
Here's this email from Cecilia, which is the only thing of any substance I received on there this morning.
That's pretty sad comment.
Wait a year what the substance is by the way.
High Neil, I've written you a few times before but try to limit my emails so as not to be labeled a chronic.
Last time I wrote to you, my poll suggestion ended up being you.
So that was cool.
Anyway, I wanted to share something with you that happened to me this weekend.
First of all, let me state that I'm a 25 year old female.
So I don't confuse anyone.
I was at the metro zoo with my little niece on Saturday.
And this older man who was apparently there alone came up and started talking to me while we were looking at the tigers who were just laying there doing nothing as usual.
God, the zoo is so boring.
But anyway, guy comes up and says, cute kid, you single parent.
And I simply respond with a very uninterested sounding no.
I tell my niece it's time to say bye, bye to the tigers.
And as I'm waving at the tigers, the guy grabs my hand and says, I don't see no ring.
I thought about correcting his usage of a double negative instead.
I said, please don't touch me.
Thank you.
And I walked away with my niece.
This guy started following us everywhere.
Every time I turned around, he was there drinking from this giant cup.
He seemed to hold an endless supply of whatever beverage he was drinking.
He started to really creep me out.
So I started looking for a security guard, but they weren't really not around.
So I grabbed the first zoo employee that walked by and told him this dirty old creep was following me and my niece around him that I was scared.
When the creepy old bastard saw me talking to the zoo employee, he turned around and disappeared.
I was hoping he'd left and things seemed normal for about 10 minutes until my niece had to go to the bathroom.
I went into the restroom with her when we came out.
The guy was standing there at the entrance with this cup.
I told him to leave me the hell alone.
What happened next is just about the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
The son of a bitch through the cup full of what was obviously human poop at me.
At some point, this crazy bastard decided to fill the cup with estimates so that he could show it at me.
He ran away, of course, and nobody chased him.
I had poop on my shorts and a bit on my thigh, which of course caused me to vomit right there.
And then as my niece did, they're crying.
I did file a police report about 15 minutes later and there were about nine witnesses to what happened.
But when I want to give a description of the guy, if you could read it to your audience,
he was about 5'11, probably about 210 to 220 pounds with an unmanicured goatee.
His hair was brown, but had streaks of reddish brown and gray.
He was wearing a dolphins t-shirt that was actually kind of new looking,
but the rest of his clothing, including jeans and black shoes, were erect.
He had a very nasal sounding voice and I heard his cell phone ring and it played the thing for Monday night football.
No lie, but I know it sounds ridiculous.
Email me if somebody calls in or sends you a message with any clue as to who this pig is, please.
The security of the zoo sucks by the way.
Says Cecilia, kind of a shmitty way to spend a weekend when you say that's crazy.
That's messed up there. Yeah.
Well, I sure hope that wasn't in there while he was drinking out of it.
Neil Rogers.
Good morning, Bob Iger's office.
Yeah, look at the Michael.
Sir, hello.
It says Bob Iger.
Yeah, Michael.
No, sir, Michael.
I don't know longer works for the company.
What is this?
Bob Iger, president CEO of the Walt Disney Corporation.
Oh, that's right.
I forgot.
What are you doing?
Answering your own phone?
The next.
Well, sir, there were cutbacks and I lost my assistant.
I know.
I was the one who cut him back.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Come on, give me a final number.
The final number, sir.
Don't have time to kick your eyes, Nick.
Iger, sir.
And I don't have time for all sorts of edgy pop culture references this call.
It's just a waste of time.
How much do high school musical three-way kids have a box office this weekend?
Well, sir, great news.
The final total is $42 million.
Holy flutter.
You hear that sound, guys?
Iger, sir.
And no, I don't.
That's the sound of a money truck.
Back it up into my mansion in Beverly Hills.
Ha, ha, ha.
Eat that, Rupert Murdoch.
Yes, congratulations, Mr. Mouse.
So, what's the next one coming out?
I'm sure a more ingenious like yourself.
Have already green lit a sequel.
Actually, sir, that's the last movie.
Well, you do know, sir, the movie was called High School Musical 3 Senior Year.
I don't know about titles.
What the hell that means?
Well, that means the kids all graduated.
Graduated?
Yes.
My father worked as he wasn't so frozen stiff in a cryogenic sleep.
He went, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait.
Sir.
The level of yours to pitty is...
But nothing.
But, sir, but it's none of your stupidity.
Sir.
First, we can make another picture.
Don't throw that shaggy hair kid a few extra green bats.
So, we'll put him in college.
Do you mean Zach Efron?
Who's that?
The male lead in High School Musical.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I can say no.
Whatever his character's name, go to college and put together another musical.
I doubt that he'd be up for it, sir.
He was pretty difficult to get signed up for the last one.
Yeah, I'll tell you what, I, sir.
I guess, sir.
Why don't you maybe only play golf for days this week and try to get that done?
It will, will that be all for...
I don't know, I don't know, to say, what do we pull about our bag off of dancing with the stars?
You mean, Clark's Leechman?
Inding the bag.
Wig the votes and get it off.
I'm tired of seeing a week we ask it and drag our other dance floor.
Sir, we can't quote, unquote, rig anything.
Hey, no, not, you just do air quotes over the phone.
Uh, yes.
Punch yourself in the face.
What?
Punch yourself in the face right now.
Do it, do it, do it.
Sir, I, I can't buy, I hate people who use air quotes.
Punch yourself in the face.
Sir, I've got a meeting in 15 minutes.
I, I can't punch myself in the face.
What was that?
Is someone knocking at your door?
Yes, there's someone.
What is your open mouth? That's Goofy.
Goofy?
He's got a little stuff inside.
Uh-oh.
Okay, uh-uh.
Do you hang on one second?
Uh-huh.
Hey, Goofy, come on in.
How are you?
Sorry to do this, Mr. Riger, but I've got something from the boss.
Yeah, what, what is Goofy?
Uh, here are those.
It's right here.
Oh!
Here you go, okay.
Oh!
Now this is from the boss.
Oh!
Oh.
Oh, hey!
Oh!
Mr. Malk
Mr. Malk
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
That's him. Wow. He says, was this you? Toronto man wins incredible $4.7 million jackpot on dollar slot machine at woodbine. No, it wasn't me. Yeah, I don't think he'd be working out. If it was, I think he'd have today off. And tomorrow and the rest of your life. We don't always name it says this is from the Toronto, oh from city news. And under the rules, he can keep it quiet. But somewhere out there is a very lucky and very wealthy, whenever an incredible prize that they would buy and racetrack casino on Thursday. Oh, I thought it was on Saturday.
They were all screaming about it out there on Saturday was on Thursday. Well, I wasn't there. I don't think on Thursday. It was the mega bucks and I know because of the scuttle, but there he put 40 bucks in. It got the three mega buck things. $4.7 million. Nice, 40 bucks. Not too bad. And unknown. The gamble and a Toronto resident began feeding loonies into the $1 mega bucks machine around 11.30 p.m. It says it's not clear how many put in but we know how many got out. I know how many of them are here.
We put in 40 bucks. Okay. I know my woodbind crap. He walked away from the one arm bandit with unbelievable $4,755,436.56. No tax. They read a check. The place went into a whirlwind of bells and alarms is the realization that something big happened. Dawn, on those nearby. It's clear to anyone who's sitting anywhere near there that a major jackpot has been one. Jim Cronin told city news. It became very clear to all our customers as well as our staff. And unlike the lottery, there was a lot of people who were in the city.
There's no way to cash in staff at the track road. A guy checked for the entire amount right on the spot. He was thrilled. Cronin relates to most must certainly be a grand understatement about the man. He calls a regular player. Well, I wonder if it's somebody I know. They're probably smelly. Huh? They're probably smelly. You know, you are just brutal. Where is that promotion coming for the show? It's on the way. So if that guy is somebody I know.
Don't be sure. Don't be sure. Don't be 50 a million. We all have that expertise. I can win the jackpot in this case. I guess he did Cronin said whoever he that guy is. The jackpot on the million starts at a million on a machine starts at a million bucks. He's climbing until somebody wins by getting a mega buck symbols. Three of them lined up on the center. Pay line. It's not clear what the odds are, but they're likely in the millions to one against. And in this case, it was the payout. It was the first such one on those kinds of machines that would buy. Since they were installed in 2001. And it's the largest.
It's a single price of any kind at the venue since they opened in March 2000. The lucky duck instantly became shy after his $4.7 million windfall. The rules for lottery winners are different than for those at casinos. Ticket holders have to agree to allow their names and photos to be released. Those lucky at the slots. Don't. The winner understandably refused any publicity choosing instead to take his money and run. Run. Get the bodyguard. Get security and run. If he decides to return and try his portion of wood buying again, at least next time I'll have.
A fortune to actually play with all it won't come back if you want 4.7 million would you go back for what? No way. Why would you go back Jack?
Election day tomorrow, man. And this audience is coming through big time. Tremendous response on the email. Let me let me click on it. Do you think it's going to be anything in there? Oh, there's three of them. All right.
I think I may block good morning. Love that Mickey bit. Yeah. And here's one from the fake Matt castle. Wasn't Matt castle lost the game last night. It was a bell. A check some of the worst coaching decisions in history, but nevertheless, I thought they played them pretty tough. They played the Colts, not the Broncos. Oh my God. To hear these people talk. Oh, we're sniffing the playoffs. Even the Harold's got a big thing. Playoffs. Why not? Yeah. Well, I don't believe the Colts are now 4 and 4.
So the Colts suck. Yeah. And at least I admitted and you played them tough. Yeah. I think I said, who do you think is better right now? Which is the better. I think I think I just a minute fat. So who's the better quarterback Sandy Payton, man, even with his injury or that girly a quarterback in Denver? Payton man. J Cutler. Yeah. So is there any? I mean, J Cutler handed you guys 13 points before people even sat down. And I said, thank you. Yeah. There you go.
Don't don't start with this delusionary stuff. And then all of a sudden you notice it's 1917 with just three, four minutes left in the game.
And your blue that damn game. Correct. Give it a hell of a shot at blowing a game against the little girls team. Oh, we're talking. It's the same neurotic repetition every year.
They beat some horse ball team and just barely squeak on by by the way and right away. Oh, this is the greatest team since. Oh my God.
Yeah. What do you say? Just keep the eluding yourself. Matt says, I'm really sorry for the loss. I tried my best sore from the pounding I took the night before. Yeah, but you did.
It's just just a bunch of crap. That's it. That's all we got.
They before election day. That's what we have in these emails. Oh, am I a fool or what? I'm going to go to the balcony and jump because I didn't win that lot. Oh, I didn't win that jackpot.
Certain didn't win a lot of some one guy one 40 million on the lot over the weekend to a certain night. 40 million. And again, they write to check no tax. You know how much I got? Is it? 40? Nice. Dollars.
I spent 200 got 40 back and you say that's nice. He was trying to make you feel better. I don't. And don't get yourself until after your birthday because then you miss out on your presence. Correct. What present?
What present? What kind of present do you get when you're 66 years old? I'm sure George is going to say depends. I got all I got all my own depends. Well, I could probably use some of those.
You get a lot of.
The Rogers on sports. All radio.
I'm John McCain.
I am a proof.
I'm sure.
Don't plan on me living my friends. I'm not a bad dog. My chipmunk. He's a bigger and I don't feel that well my friends.
But you're much easier. Bigger and longer. I feel like that well. When I'm all done living, I want you to go to hell. You're going to be living in hell.
George, when I die, and what I'm God. You're going to have a dumb bitch out mom who's the most powerful leader in the world to carry on my friends.
I'm ready to go straight to work, children. Spread this. Don't spread the load. No. Just give it to me.
I'm riddled with deadly cancer. I'm suffering from Alzheimer's, but I'm all the redness got to keep the white house white.
And when I die, my friends. When I'm dead dead in hell, my friends.
You're going to have a dumb bitch out, you're going to have a dumb bitch out. You're going to have a dumb bitch out.
Spread the wealth. Spread the wealth. Socialist communist.
That's been the whole McCain campaign last two weeks. Just name calling. They've dropped any pretense of talking about any issues at all. And it's just name calling.
And then of course, don't forget about his illegal alien aunt. Anything else? Well, he did get the channy endorsement.
Well, you seriously, you are the chic, I guarantee you positive two bad George's on vacation this week. He would back me up. I'll disagree with you. No, you're the chic. Okay. Hear that? That's flea. That's you.
Finally, all you need to better net. Of course, you fit right in a QA because we got a lot of that on the air. We specialize in that. Yep.
Okay, I'm not going to wait for any emails today because it's obvious there aren't going to be any. In fact, there are a couple of people who keep repeating sending me the same stuff two or three times.
If I didn't read it the first time you said it was because it was a piece of crap the first time. Jason and a couple of others.
Send the same old trite garbage that somebody else wrote that I've received a billion times. Bill says happy birthday on Wednesday. You're not going to like this.
But if Obama is elected president tomorrow, the US will never be the same. People are so confused with change. They're not looking at the big picture. I have a 357 Magnum pointed to my temple if he wins. It's all over.
And you'll never have to worry about me emailing you anymore. Good. Go ahead. Bill. Don't wait till tomorrow. Do it now. That's that's what I'm getting.
That's the really good stuff and some just unbelievable racist hate. Oh, I got one to start off my morning today that you wouldn't even believe.
But I did get a good email on my my space from the professor at a really funny story. He said in the apartment complex where he lives on Halloween, no trick or treaters.
No, not one. He said he was so disappointed. He felt like, you know, this is his first year living in that joint. And he felt like going outside and yelling free candy over here. Any takers like that, but nobody came by.
What about you guys? Are you giving out candy? Nope. No. Why not? I live in a condo with a bunch of old people. Oh, you may. You weren't handing out candy to them. No. You should have just yelled free. Free something. They'd have been knocking on your door down. Oh, yeah.
One last poll shows Florida too close to call in the presidential race. Although the CNN pull up poll shows Obama four points ahead in Florida. The last poll of polls. I'm not all I pick on that. Poll of polls because they're just averaging.
Sticking a whole bunch of polls and averaging, which I don't know. Obama's got 47 McCain 45 in the Quinnipiac poll that was out this morning.
Among Florida voters have already cast their ballot. The early voters. Obama leads 51 to 38%. Oh, that's not anybody vote tomorrow. That sounds like a plan to me. The results come from a survey of 1773 Florida likely voters from October 27th,
which is the first to be in the polls. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're
going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not. I'm not sure if you're going to vote now. I'm not sure whether you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I feel like I'm going to vote or not. I'm wa unveiled. No wait. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not sure if you're going to vote now. I'm not whether you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm not whether you're going to vote tomorrow. I'm up to Beto Nilehola. I love all the polls. I'm proud of You noch get up. I'm your選 tu Doctor's JO
is what's keeping Obama slightly ahead in Florida.
He's winning women by barely more than McCain is winning men.
One potentially favorable omen for McCain's potential to pull ahead
is that Florida voters viewed him
a tad more favorably, a little bit less unfavorably
than the new Senator Obama said.
Peter Brown, Associate Director of the Quinnipiac
Polling Institute.
Peter Brown.
What a name that is.
Can you believe this email, Dirt that we've
got today, that they before the election?
Can you believe this?
Very sad.
Not just sad, it's an indictment of you people out there
and indictment of the entire South Florida audience.
See, the reason that the phone thing degenerated
into what it did, on your friend, to that,
to the same four idiots is because nobody else had anything to say.
And that was getting worse and worse every month,
every week for two or three years, especially since
you're good buddy, fat ass, jolly, joke came to town.
What a loser.
And now this thing started out pretty good,
and then it degenerated into a bunch of chronics
that I had to block and delete and get rid of.
And now there's nothing left.
Rob says, now this isn't chronic, Rob.
This is a different Rob, I believe.
As usual, your way ahead of everyone.
You've probably already talked about some of the voting
scams going on.
I found it interesting reading about some of the scams
on AOL and it's got a link.
I should expect these things to happen, but for some reason
I'm always surprised about how far some people
will stoop to steal an election.
I'm not just talking about an election.
We're talking about big, big money is what we're talking about.
Oh, here's a bad news circuit city closing 155 stores.
Wow.
Circuit city stores said Monday it's closing about 20% of its
US stores, cutting thousands of jobs in
effort to return the nation's number two consumer
electronics retailer to profitability.
Oh, and here you go.
Paula sends me the same thing that everybody else is sending.
If you haven't seen it yet, yeah, Paula, I've seen it 50
million times dear red states we decided we're leaving
yada yada yada the same crap.
Oh my god, say something original.
Use your brain.
Say something instead of just sending me either a link
or some stale horse ball piece of turd like that.
Oh my god.
Can you believe that?
Nope.
I must have had 20 of those this morning, the same.
Dear Rob Blue states, dear red states here and it's just the same
thing that we have here.
I'm going to have a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
white corporate America.
I'm well off and white.
Aren't you?
Well, talk more about the benefits of trickle down food and
economics in just a moment.
But first, won't you join me as I trickle some of my delicious
wine and my golden chowel?
Yes, every now and then I enjoy an occasional bibble.
You know my children, those of you who plan to be a professional
athlete will be well advised to register Republican, especially if
you're white.
As Robert Wuerquist once said, we must shrink
government and drown it in the bathtub and let the free market
cover itself.
We did just that and look how well everything worked out.
Black waving jobs, memories at all that America is about.
Jews and blacks have no place in a pasty white dance world.
I'll be right winged back after these words from eight
offs all night lampshades door.
It's 10.45 a.k.a.
Let's take it out of the schedule for it.
Do we have any ball games?
No.
Come on, let's mix them up.
You're forgetting about the canes and the fish.
Neil, that's what everybody's all excited about.
Well, good.
Good luck to you.
Are you excited about it?
No.
Why not?
What about you, Fatso?
I'm so excited.
We got the big O from two to four.
People are protesting all the way to an arranger.
They're wrapped around a building and all the way down 4.41.
Big O two to four.
Four to seven.
We got mad dog at Finnegan's seven away.
Dolphin tonight the worst hour of radio in history.
And then eight to 11.
We got D.A. who's got a one point something.
How's the pool coming?
Well, I'm just I am flabbergasted.
768.
Aren't you flabbergasted with these emails?
The day before election day and all I'm getting basically
is linked to articles.
Now there's one that's worth while that I'll read here a second about
how they found all kinds of pages of voter registration documents
on the streets near Tampa and on I4.
Strewed on the street.
Well, here's one from Larry.
My wife and I student line for a couple hours voted for Obama.
I would say that if the people in front and behind us in line
the overwhelming majority were saying they were voting for Obama,
I only hope they didn't weren't just talking.
Here's the question I can't get an answer to.
Well, the Tuesday exit polls be skewed because of all the early voters.
Will we not will we get an accurate picture or have there been early voting exit polls going on?
Here are two examples of how some people think it's that.
Well, of course they've been early voting exit polls going on.
Otherwise, how could they give you the percentage of what people have voted?
They sure haven't counted them.
Where I live with Jewish woman in early 60s says she's voting for McCain
because she's concerned about who Obama's been associating with.
When I asked her who that was, she couldn't say or didn't know.
I told her that if it's the professor of university of Chicago,
she should know the McCain gave me half a million bucks 15 years earlier.
She didn't know that either.
My wife said if she's so concerned about Israel,
she should move there and vote there.
This is a woman my neighbor who while Jewish is about as religious as you are, Neil.
She cares about Israel.
At the same extent she cares about Papua New Guinea.
Knowing her as we do, I really believe she doesn't want to vote for a black man
but is using any excuse other than that not to vote for him.
She's voting for McCain.
Then she said she's afraid to make sure he stays alive.
I don't think she really meant she's going to go and pray.
I think she was just hoping that.
My wife told her that Palin is a lot more adept at praying
and is praying for the exact opposite.
I suggested that she can't vote for Obama,
then she should either stay home or vote for Nader or a bar.
The other example, another woman, Republican.
Why I don't know she's from Panama and used to be a housekeeper in the embassy there.
But in the USA she married a wealthy guy and I guess that made her what she is only more so.
Anyway, she said that Obama was raised as a white man and now he's saying that he's black.
I asked her to repeat that statement because I wasn't sure that I heard it right.
She said it again.
She said she's concerned that he'd married a black woman when he could have married a white woman.
Yeah, that wouldn't have been criticized by everyone.
Yeah, right.
The fact that he looks like a black man regardless of the color of his mother's skin
would make most people assume he's black just by looking at him.
I'm not going to be bound from the bounding medical group.
And I've got some.
What is that?
You're struggling with that.
What is that?
I've got it in.
Did you hear it?
Yeah, I heard it.
Yeah, I don't know where that came from.
What the hell is that?
I wish I could tell you.
Somebody is poaching around in a control room is what it is.
I'll go check it.
Go in there and see who it isn't smash him into mouth.
Kick him into nuts if they have any.
Get him, Chris.
Anyways, is there a lot of people like these two women,
closet races to release, closet, and willing to let the country grow and go to the next level?
People.
Thanks, Larry.
Thanks for the bad news.
Here's one from Jay, Carolyn Ian.
I don't know why, oh, Ian, I'm sorry.
Who pulled, we know who pulls W strings, oil.
We have no idea who pulls McCain strings.
We have an idea.
Big banks, oil and arms.
Who's pulling a Baroque strings?
Is it the same old gang, oil banks, carol and Ian and Hamilton?
Oh, thank God they're in Hamilton, they can't vote.
What is that supposed to mean?
Can you tell me?
No idea.
Nope.
And there's nobody in there.
There's nobody in there?
Nope.
Well, somebody opened up a pond and they must have run out.
Hey, say, do you know a William B. Carter?
What about him?
He sent something.
Email?
No, a big old envelope.
Well, open it up, see what's in it.
It says, the new Roger says not a false profit.
Oh, I'm going to sit in the corner and cry.
I thought this was going to be a good week.
We got Obama's going to win by a big margin tomorrow.
I got my birthday on Wednesday.
Just flooded by the way with happy birthday greetings.
Not.
They're waiting for my birthday.
I bet that's what this is.
It's too hard.
Yeah.
Open it up.
I am.
God, are you slow?
Friendship multiplies the goodness of life.
Neil, you're other left to love Bill Carter.
Happy birthday to a good friend.
Yeah, okay.
Thanks, Bill.
Hold on.
Stop.
Be alarmed.
Dear Neil, to love Bill Carter.
Lots of people get horny on their birthday.
Okay, throw it all away.
Thanks, Bill.
Here is one from Sergio.
Did you get a chance to see McKeen on SNL Saturday?
No.
He did an okay job trying to entertain his last living souls out
through whom I vote for him for his humor.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
Happy birthday.
And I'll make sure to smoke a fatty for you on your special day.
It says from Sergio.
Okay, Sergio.
Great.
Good morning, Neil.
I think you should place your appela being duped by the Canadian radio host.
About 500 times today.
It's sick and it's very, very, very, very, very.
I'm not going to play it even once.
How do you like that, Vicki?
What does it say about her?
She's so gullible.
She believes the president of France forgot to say what color
and touch that ridiculous crap.
Unbelievable.
If Dumb and Dumber win tomorrow, I'm out of here.
Says Vicki, happy pre-birthday.
Thanks, Vicki, but we're not going to play it.
I mean, Flea went to a lot of trouble to, like, bleep it and clean it up for us and all that, didn't you?
Yeah, just in case you wanted to play it.
No.
It's long and ponderous.
And it's not that funny.
I've said it's been on eight million times already.
Anybody who hasn't seen it or heard it or are getting involved with it is like living in a cocoon somewhere.
774 votes on Fat Chris' pool on Flea's pool.
I don't know who's it is today.
How important is tomorrow's election to you?
Life and death 476.
Somewhat important, 214.
Don't give a Schmidt 39.
WTF28.
And not very important, 17.
And I'm clicking on the Outlook Express.
No items in this view.
Wow.
Unfri-can-believeable.
Scary.
But you go and tell your good buddy, Jolly Jobelle, he's doing a hell of a job.
Flea.
He's in Denver right now.
Doing what?
He went to the game yesterday.
He's in Denver right now.
You okay over there?
I think he jumped.
He's supposed to ring the mic if he does.
Oh, okay.
We got a wireless mic for that.
I don't want to talk to him.
Anyway, here's that story.
About the only one I've gotten this morning that's worthwhile.
Tampa, hundreds of thousands of pages of what appeared to be in Denver.
The documents were found strewn along a section of Interstate 4 early this morning.
How do you like that?
Oh, my God.
The documents were discovered along the quarter mile stretch of the highway near I-275
and contained names, addresses, phone numbers, and party affiliations of Hillsborough County voters.
Several empty cardboard boxes were found nearby.
The papers also listed voter registration numbers, precincts were the registered to vote,
and a checkbox neck to each voters named indicated their choice of Obama or McCain in the presidential election.
And whether they needed to write on election day.
Chris Carson, a spokeswoman for the Florida Department of Transportation,
said highway workers were set out early this morning to pick up the documents.
She said DOT workers were holding the papers till the county's election officials contacted them.
Oh, God.
We've got nine plastic bags full of papers, she said.
A spokeswoman for Hillsborough County Supervisor of Elections, Buddy Johnson, said election officials
hadn't yet seen the papers, but doubted they belonged to them.
It doesn't sound like there are papers, spokeswoman Mia McCormick said.
Sometimes candidates request this information for campaigns.
At this point, we don't know who's they are.
A spokesman for the FHP called the discovery a civil matter.
It's a civil matter.
Right, we ain't got nothing to do with it.
Oh, and here's an email from Flea.
If you want it, I dump the pale and getting punked by Montfoyle radio station in the audio box.
Okay, whatever.
If we get really desperate, and I think we probably will play it.
What do you think, Frank?
Chris, you want to play it?
Sure. Why not?
Not now.
No, we're going to break soon.
Not only that, but I'm sure the emails are going to start pouring in here.
You'll see.
Here's one.
It says, hey, hey, Neil from J.
Should I print it out and read it?
Yeah, when I.
It's like more than like one sentence, you know.
That's it.
The day before election day, two days before my 66th freaking birthday,
and becoming certifiably a senile and older than Mathuzla.
And these people are like, we don't want to talk to you.
We don't want you.
We don't like you.
And we're just George this week.
We wanted to talk to George about roller skating.
And sign language.
Oh, my God.
Must be you guys.
Can't be me.
We'll take the blame.
Yeah.
No, it's me.
They hate me like poison now.
Let's see.
J says, I'm an ex-South Western Floridian Fort Myers long time,
Lister watching McCain's rally in Miami and Tampa and Palin's and Fort Myers,
with that Yahoo share of doing your interrom.
So glad Obama doesn't need Florida or for that matter Ohio.
But they would be nice to have just to run up the score at Rubbin Joe Scarborough's PUS.
But I have the feeling the fix is already in both of those joints never less.
I've since relocated in Northeast Connecticut to be exact.
What a difference.
I don't miss that survey excuse for a state one I owe to every time I see a new story out of Florida on the national news,
or that limperist governor, I can't believe I stayed there that long.
You said it beautifully other day when you referred to Florida as a Yahoo Bible Thump and redneck the Interthought State.
You had your finger on it way too many red necks.
Happy birthday.
Keep up the good work and go Obama.
By the way, I still have my center one key chain.
Well, hang on to it because there's sure ain't going to be no promotional stuff from this radio station with Johnny Joe Bellathum.
In fact, I have an email asking me how come there aren't any best of Neil CD since 99 or so I really miss those as Jason and 10 year listener.
That's because we work for Joe Bell.
Jason, we don't do any promotion.
This is the Neoroncher's show.
This is your brain.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
The night when stars help the Jour.
It was divination and vulc dancing with the stars starring Barack Obama, John McCain, Joe Biden, and Steve.
Sarah B. Lee, but I'm convinced I'm a better dancer than John McKay. There's no doubt about that my friend. I screwed up
Then I have this virus to prove it
Dancing with the stars. I love him like anybody else
I'm not one of those movers and takers can't shake that feeling I
And I think it's gonna be safe
He's in spies quit your season. I'm in there worse life. Hey, Mike. No, what is this a joke?
I don't want to say John McCain is old, but he's the only guy who fantasizes about forest leashable dancing with the stars
level 02 at 560 wqm happy and Monday wake up wake up get out of your slumber. Okay, you ludicates you Jesus God
I just don't know what's going on here today. Do you? No, not really
I'll cut tharses
This is what we need I just know it's happy for a second and I realized that the clock was wrong
Oh, they haven't changed the clock. Yeah, I gotta change the clock on the board. Yeah, so maybe
Now that couldn't be it because they'd be ahead what
I gotta go and change it because it says 12, but I was like oh wow already halfway through the Olympic great all right
It's 12.02 everybody all right. Let's go back on daylight time. I wonder how many
Simple things out there forgot to turn the clock's back
Oh
I can't wake up two o'clock in the morning to change it
Peter the guy who made me a beautiful bench several years ago since being email says I was wondering if you're still smoking cigars
And the answer Peter is no, I would like to but I can't they just tear my throat up and I'd like to live to least 67
I want to make you a nice humidor for your birthday if you still are thanks anyway Peter, but then oh
And thanks again for the beautiful bench that's sitting in my bedroom down there in plantation
Guess how many emails there came in during the break zero
What do you think fat? So what's your guess I'll go with one none oh in a way
Well, this wasn't doing a break this one just came in here now. Oh, it's another link. I know you're gonna add link and an attachment all right
Frankie says I know you're gonna rag on me for going to church, but I do and I enjoy it
Unfortunately last Sunday they handed out a comparison pamphlet McCain versus Obama
Looking further into the Christian coalition found they have tax exemption again no kidding
How is it such a partisan group involved so closely with churches and so closely with promoting Republicans can be tax exempt
And then he's got a link Christian coalition. Let's get all these churches in the Christian coalition to lose their tax exemption
Hey, let's do it. Let's do it Frankie
I believe this voter guide will put McCain over the top and will direct everyone who is looking for it as a sign from God
I attached the voter guide. It's just cherry-picked issues and just plain lies
They don't even mention the more in Iraq God speed was all Neil and happy birthday smoke a big fat one for me in a cigar too
Oh, let's get all these churches to lose their to okay
Do you have that magic wand that George plays I don't have that
800 four and you're pulled by the way fatso all right you have that magic wand somewhere try to look for you
I don't know what it's under
And I don't know where the hell George gets some of this stuff. Then of course he never sends it to me
No, that's not it. Does that's not like a magic wand to you good God
Jesus
Anyway, you'll find it. Yeah, there you go excellent. We just waved our magic wand. We're gonna get all these
Tax exempt organizations to pay tax Frankie you idiot
And of course the fact that you still go into church that tells me a lot anyway
Oh, how can you say that you atheist heathen bastard real easy
First of all if there was a god we there would be no such thing as hemorrhoids
or zits
Think of all the different things that there wouldn't be if there was really a god
flim
Puss pimples
Not to mention of course, um, excrement
Yeah, of course, it's seated that had a cup thrown in her face. How do you know can you imagine you go to the zoo and some guy through the cup of crap in your face?
Yeah, some smarm you'll with a dolphin
Jack it on and that makes sense to me
sounds perfect
Voters across the nation hit by dirty tricks
Here come the sirens again. They're coming to get you folks good gully
But you know something that's always been this way all the hundred years. I've been on the Uranus market every time
You think there's gonna be the only time we get him youngest responses when there's something involved with hate like alien
Oh
God if you guys could have been around during those days during the alien days mm-hmm
The phone was just jumping off the counter that was so hot
Ring like like the end of the world was on the horizon
Elion
People who we never heard from before people who will never hear from again
Just spewing insane
Psychotic hate
In the hours before election day as inevitable as winter comes an onslaught of dirty tricks confusing emails disturbing phone calls
And insinuating flyers left on doorsteps during the night
The intent almost always is to keep folks from voting or confuse them usually through intimidation or misinformation
But in this presidential race in which a black man leads most polls
Some of the deceit has decidedly racist bent like the first email. I got this morning when I came in here
I wouldn't even dream of reading it on here just the most grotesque swill
Complaints of surfaced in predominantly African-American neighborhoods of Philadelphia where
Flyers have circulated warning voters. They could be arrested at the polls if they had unpaid parking tickets or if they had criminal convictions
Over the weekend in Virginia bogus flyers with an authentic looking commonwealth seal said fears of high voter turnout
Promoted election election officials told two elections one on Tuesday for Republicans another one on Wednesday for Democrats
In New Mexico to Hispanic women filed a lawsuit last week claiming they were harassed by private investigator
Working for a Republican lawyer who came to their homes and threatened to call immigration authorities
Even though they are US citizens
He was questioning her status saying that he needed to see her papers and documents to show that the he was a US citizen
And was a legitimate voter said Guadalupe Bohorquez
Speaking on behalf of the mother Dora Escobedo a 67 year old albacrarchy resident who speaks only English no speak as speaks only Spanish
No speaking English he totally totally scared the heck out of her
And Pennsylvania emails appeared linking Democrat Barack Obama to the Holocaust Jewish Americans can't afford to make the wrong decision
On Tuesday November 4th said the electronic message paid for by an entity calling itself the Republican federal committee
Many of our ancestors ignored the warning size in the 30s and 40s and made a tragic mistake
Law clean MacDonald who leads the ACLU's voting rights projects in she has he has never seen an election where there was more interest and more voter turnout
And more efforts to suppress registration turnout and that has a real impact on minorities. He said thanks robin law to deal for semi-mathe
See rob came through he sent me something worthwhile as opposed to just another link to another stupid article
Or the thing about dear red states dear. Oh my god
George and Miami Jorge as usual you and your democratic friends continued to wind about elections being fixed
Although I didn't vote for him I agree with you that Obama will most likely win the election
You didn't vote for him Jorge. What a surprise
I will accept whatever the voters decide without whining or calling election fixed
I hope you have the same dignity if Obama were to lose you know that we would probably see the dark folks
Hmm
Riding as usual in the streets if that happens. Oh very nice
I tried to send you the link to a trailer obsession the movie. Please consider no, I will not add it
Please consider adding it to your website that right wing propaganda lunacy. Oh Jorge get some help
Please before it's too late. Go see a shrink. Go shrink it
God
Oh
Why am I sitting here asking people for emails when the stuff that comes in some of it is like that lots of it is like that
Thierry Neil happy birthday and hope you enjoy many more tomorrow. I will walk walk to my voting
Location and vote for the only real candidate running Obama
When his long drawn out election is finally over
Grandpa should be required to disappear from the public view forever meaning McCain grandpa McCain. He's uh
Called Obama every negative name that other than the N word
And it's obvious he could never work with administration
Suggestion to all 72-year-old multi-millionaires retire
PSI wouldn't the f-paling from practice says Gary and homestead
Where it wears flea like in the back in in the back of the room or something? Yeah, I guess the how come you're chuckling off Mike
Because my mic was off. Well, why is that
See it's a good idea to leave your mic on when except during the breaks because you might actually want to say something
Well, I was sending you a fact. They don't want the facts. No, it's a good idea. Oh the facts is coming over right now
Yeah, it's nothing important a listener with no name says between you and the audience the email is now as bad as the calls
Mostly your fault though. I'm sure you don't think so. Yeah, that's it. I must congratulations
It says between you and the audience the email is now as bad as the calls
Gotta be my fault
God
Everything is my fault if it rains. It's my fault yep
If pigeons fart on you and take a dump on your windshield. It's my fault. Yes, that a zoo episode. That was your fault
Yeah
Now what is this piece of copy you sent me here dog if you're a dollar mattress coming up
Mm-hmm. Oh a new piece of copy
Heavy duty and look who it's from it's from Barney Miller
Now, which is the guy that's so crazy you're then a bed bug that George is always bitching about Andrew
Andrew
Hey Andrew
Yeah
When we get in that scrap iron spot on here. That's what I like to know. That's a tough deal right? Yeah
Well, you sure you sure have your testicles and tentacles and everything in co-sign in that place. I try
Boy, you are a real first class yenta
It's your fault that the email suck. Yeah, that's right. I'm the one who's sending him you got it
Here's one that says from fill in the gym. Oh, this is from the same people again
That dumbass Sarah panel was campaigning and Ohio this morning reduced her moron husband ton already got this before
You know, this is the second time you sent it if I didn't read it the first time there must have been a reason because it sucked
It blew
It was crap. Are you serious jolly Joe went to the game in Denver yesterday? He's not even there today. Yeah, Henry Perry
Oh
Wow the more things change the more they stay the same
Ray Perry whose brilliant programming
Quote years ago was if we had more sports talk stations more people would come to sports talk
Yeah, now we got 80 sports talk stations and each one has got a point something including us
You know
Real American A whole real American A holds we salute you
Mr
I bitch about the government constantly, but still won't vote guy
Mr
I bitch about the government constantly, but still one vote guy
You can't say enough bad things about this country
But there's no voting booths at Dave and busters
So it looks like you'll be sitting this election out
Taxes are too high the economies in the toilet the war is a joke
But election day is a Tuesday and your ex has the kids
Nobody's gonna take away your Tuesday
Tuesday's gonna come with wind
Sure Sarah Palin is a babe, but why go to the voting booth for someone you'll never meet
If you can just hit the peep show booth for a genuine red blooded all American gal
How can one vote make a difference anyway?
You voted for gore three times in two thousand and look what happened to him
So we salute you
Mr
I bitch about the government constantly, but still won't vote guy
You're Barack the vote boop a sticker your hanging chat and your apathy
You are a real American A whole
That's absolutely absolutely
1118 at 560 WQM happy day before election day
Maybe everybody's just on edge you think that could be it that's a good excuse for them
They're on edge yeah, that works. They didn't have anything to say last week either
Doug whose real chronic says please remind everyone to vote no on number two
So many people I talked to are confused by the wording and think that the yes vote means yes to choice
Tell your listeners over and over again
says Doug
And an imperative email tell your listeners over and over again. Okay vote no on amendment two
Because no means yes and yes means no
Yes
Yes means
Marriage is only between one man and one woman no means no bigotry
Got it I've got you I vote no on number two
I'm gonna put it over here so I don't forget to tell him over and over again
Also, I want to tell him over and over again that julie bremen is the anti-Christ
Here's the most repulsive subhuman creature crawler wound on the face of the globe
My goal in life is to outlive julie bremen as long as I live even one minute more than he does
I'll be have I'll feel like accomplish something on his planet
julie bremen
coxel hoist you idiot you he's a walking efferantis hematism ever ever there was one and everywhere is
McCain there's julie bremen on his shoulder on his a hip on his ass
everywhere just glued to him
And John Kerry says oh yeah, we want him to be a Democrat and we's a good friend of mine
Too many wimpy democrats brocco bomba leases got a pair
back then Jackson believes in
Back then we didn't have much money
We didn't have
Let's sell that
Back then
We didn't have much money we didn't have many endorsements
We weren't given much of a chance by the polls or the punish
We knew how steep the crime would be he's up there in duval county
Maybe in jacksonville and you want to know why he's campaigning in duval county
Why you're looking at that crowd behind him you're probably not watching see you know
Yeah, I got it on a lot of shfarts is there in duval county
And each one of them is going to vote 50 times for obama tomorrow you'll see
I you see you see any white people there's one I think I'm not really sure behind him there in jacksonville
Because you got it's an interesting city I wasn't interesting that you want to be there
But you've had a lot of dark folks you got a lot of red necks that's a horrible city
Yeah, it is
Red necks Jackson the lot of smoke stacks reminds me a little bit of Hamilton Ontario although they don't have any dark folks there
Hamilton
You can sniff the pollution in the year as far ways Niagara falls from Hamilton and did not get a stupid email from somebody in Hamilton earlier
Yes, I did at least I think it was handled maybe it was handled no higher
In the final USA today gallop hole if it's any indication no Barack Obama's achieved is widely
In the presidential race to date
In addition Obama's favorable rating is 62% the highest of any presidential candidate tracking galps final pre-election polls dating back to
Bubba in 92
Obama holds an 11 point lead in the final poll of likely voters taken by the polling organization up a point from the previous day
Just today before the polls open Obama leads McCain 53 to 42% in the gallop hole
The numbers are based on interviews conducted by phone on Friday, Saturday and Sunday
The group surveyed is based on gallop's model of those most likely to show up at the polls
No candidate behind in the gallop hole at the end of October as ever won the presidency insane McCain ever
Obama's also heading to Washington Post ABC poll 11 points the CBS New York Times poll 13 points which I have the story on that and the CNN pull by seven points
Obama leads in six states that went for Bush in 2004 real clear politics average
Jose Obama had in Colorado by five and a half points
New Mexico 7.3 points Nevada 5.8 Virginia 3.8 Pennsylvania 7 Florida 4.2 Ohio 4.2 in North Carolina 3.10 of a point
Kind of like what D.A. gets at night 0.3
McCain leads the swing states of Arizona 3.5 points Georgia 3 Montana 3.8 Missouri 7.10 of a point in Arizona only half a point
Also gallop says that when an allocates the 4% of likely voters who either had no opinion or wouldn't choose between Obama and McCain
It eliminates the candidates candidates current support levels are most likely be 55% for Obama 44% for McCain
Sarah Palin's popularity is hemorrhaging the poll says 45% now its rate McCain's choices poor a worse than total reversal from a poll directly following the RNC when 60% deemed her selection excellent or good before she opened up her mouth for the first time
With that little baby the little baby
And then started doing the winking blink in a knob routine
Senator Joe Biden meanwhile retained similar numbers of the paired
Following his selection 60% say choice was excellent or pretty good whereas the same figure was 63% early September
We start before we started putting his foot in his mouth, but he's he's used to that
Joe Biden that's why he's been pretty quiet. They've been keeping him on the periphery
Just like W your president ever seen a presidential campaign where the sitting president was like in the closet somewhere
He's in the broom closet. Yeah, I can't eat too. They went nothing had no training came out over the weekend
It is official endorsement of John McCain and Sarah Palin
The nail in the coffin that's right
Bob says I like you put little faith in the local or national polls, but here's one I think you can trust
For the past four elections my wife's third and fifth grade students of plantation key school in Alamorada have accurately actually picked the winner
This year to my surprise they picked Obama
This is kind of strange since most of the residents of the keys are not the laid-back liberal types who live and let live
But Richard elitist part-time residents who only care about their pocketbooks the students usually voting their parents would have a would so what?
Oh, the students usually vote as their parents would so I have some confidence that our man will prevail
Also, man this is a resident of Alamorada and you know his leanings his restaurant is excellent though very overpriced
haha
I'm your friends his bobby thanks bob that's funny excellent food overpriced
Also sent me a elissa whatever her name is sending email card e-card from care to click on the following link
And it's probably a birthday card
click to open
Carc, care cards. Oh my God. Happy birthday, Uncle Leo. And then there's the thing you have to click on here to play.
And I'll have to listen to it later. Thanks, Alyssa, and that cute. Yep.
Oh, Johnny Dark says the Humper is going nuts. Dolphins are foreign. Four looks like they have a shot. Jimmy Cifilus, big dog and mad dog actually sounded great.
Can't say the same for the hurricanes, broadcast. Josie was breathless and Don Bailey Jr sounded like a fool. I hear Mo
Lost his show late hits on serious NFL radio. Says Johnny Dark. I wonder if it's the real Johnny Dark. He turns out to be a real A hole.
Go away. I have a spot. Sorry, that I pick you out. No. You're used to it by now. Yeah, it happens when I'm old and seen. I start.
I just wait for it to end and then I'm like, OK, we'll go. Johnny Dork. It's probably the real one. OK. Go away, Johnny. You make me nauseous. You bigoted redneck goofball. You idiot.
Man, what a, let me say it again. I'm embarrassed that I ever worked with that guy that I ever knew him that wherever invited him for lunch and the old studio down there. Oh my God.
What a simple and who gives a crap about the name broadcast anyway? One dimensional. Oh, I was on the radio. It was on the radio.
It was a radio talk. Well, good. Go go right your radio newspaper. Johnny, go do something constructive.
Yeah, the sports leader leader. All right. All right. All right. Hi, guys and gals. I'm Alaska governor. Sarah P. L. Ann. When I'm not shooting caribou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground.
I'm a 44 year old wife, mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock. But I'm also an endorser and I'm here today to tell you folks about me.
Exciting you perfume for you. Gals out there. It's called Pianocostal perfume.
I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive.
I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive.
I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive. I'm not going to be a little bit more expensive.
This is a fragrance for all you gals. Other perfumes just pale in comparison. I'm Sarah P. L. Ann. I approve this fragrance.
And back at you. Let me thirty two at five sixty WQM. In other words, what she's really trying to tell us is like that.
We got a free birthday greetings on here. Not another one very exciting, but nevertheless it's better than nothing. You know what I mean?
I have a birthday card here at two forty with a weird letter in it. What is it saying? Well, the card is basically blah, blah, blah. Happy birthday. Thirty years of great entertainment.
I voted two hours and then there's a letter that's in here that says, dear Uncle Neil God. Happy birthday once again Neil. I wanted to let you guys know that I had a cancerous tumor removed from my rectal canal on September 8, 2008.
I'll be okay. The cancer didn't spread and the reconnect surgery was successful. I'll have to wear a temporary colostomy bag until I finish my second round of chemo and late February. What are you laughing about?
It's just a weird letter to send to somebody. It's just a, you know, in March, they'll reverse the surgery, colostomy bag. And then I should be back to normal.
You may ask you something. Now, who's this from? Richard Mollinary. Oh, the Miami fanatic. And he sends his business card in here and it says the Miami fanatic Richard Mollinary and his title is crowd motivator.
It's just kind of weird. So he's got a little problem with his. Why is he sending me all the gross, graphic details? I don't know. I thought it was a little strange, but he says happy birthday.
No, it's not a little strange. It's very strange. Dick. Anyway, let's take a look at the poor result. I don't think to say about that. Thanks, Richard. And the good luck. Yeah. Hope your ass heals up real fast.
Oh, wait a minute. Here's one. Oh, I thought it was about Don Bailey, Jr. It says John Bailey, Jr. Came across the hurricane broadcast by accident. And the first thing I heard this guy say was the Miami linebacker pistol with the other team center.
You've got to be kidding me with that guy. Is this what you want your kids to hear? No, that's why you make sure they don't listen to the game.
God, James. It's Don Bailey, Jr. Not John Bailey, Jr. You better get it.
Play it. It'll kill five minutes. The panel in the crank call. Yadi, yadi, yadi says a day.
He has posted some picks of the fat Fc worked with so we can compare them to you. No, play it. Post it. Do this. Do that. No, you better do it now. No, yes. No.
No, race is just curious. If a presidential candidate croaks before the election, does the running made automatically become the candidate? Never really a thought about that. I don't know.
Tony sends a long wow. You are by far the biggest hypocrites misspelled on earth. Well, good. Let me read about it.
Hypocrite spelled like by some illiterate moron. Here's a poll question. Will the Republicans have the co-honies to try to steal us? Then we just do that.
What's your take on the election outcome? One of the choices the Republicans will steal it again. Right? Yeah. Johnny Dork, you must have lost your sense of humor. You know, you will lay old fart. I knew Glenn was right about you misspelled.
You treated him like Schmidt. And that's on your conscience. If you had one, go to hell, Johnny Dork. It's the real one. All right. You old fart redneck. You silly old Yahoo. Do not.
God, just their hostile man. It's the South Florida. See in the beginning when this thing started with emails, it was like a new toy, you know, and it was all this tremendous response and all these different people. And now basically it's boiled down to.
The nasty hostile of people make us off Florida what it is and outdoor toilet. Tony East is wow. I think you're the biggest hypocrite ever to walk this earth spelled like an illiterate moron with spell it.
H. I. P. O. H. O. H. O. Krat. That last bit on real American a holes that don't vote for sure talk a lot of crap with me just for you. You must be the lazy itself itself absorb fat, lifeless piece of crap to talk so much about BS about something you don't even stand for.
Well, at least you couldn't stand in line for a chance to vote all the crap you give people and you're the worst who cares if you admitted it so have many murderers admitted they didn't commit a crime. It's just funny how fake you are.
No wonder you were never able to get up out of the market. You hate so much everyone knew you didn't have anything to say what you could back up. All you are is comedy and nothing else. Nothing else can even motivate your fan base to go and vote since you're the worst example for them.
Neil, go to hell with your stupid little radio show about what you yell and yell the ratings aren't your fault but everybody else's you have no backbone. You even criticized other radio talk shows for going satellite just because the FCC rules had changed and now use that excuse and management for your downturn.
Don't look for excuses all the greats eventually lose it and you're no exception. You were once great and now you're just a good pretender.
I listen on and off of more than more off than off these days. I guess you just not real enough. No wonder you have no one in your life. I mean a meaningful person who would dare says Tony.
Wow. Yeah. He knows an expert on my life. Who would dare to be in my life.
Paxel Hoystone and thanks for listening. Maybe he wanted to be in your life and you said no. Yeah, probably by the way I have the answer to that question about the president dying. Yeah. Nothing as far as the government is concerned is up to the party to promote the VP nominee or find a new nominee.
So it means nothing I guess. Oh, Neil enough of the bedtime stories already. Why don't you play nobody doesn't better by Anna Maria says Tom of fake time jica because I can't play it. Tom. That's why.
Oh God the stuff that's on here today. I know it's my fault though. 872 votes. How important is Tuesday's election to you life and death. 534. Some of the important 237 don't give a Schmitt 51 WTF 31 not very important 19 out of 872.
Yeah, Tony. I'm a miserable no good son of a bitch. And nobody wants nothing to do with me. I'm just a miserable old fart. A turd. And have a nice day. Tony forgot to mention happy birthday by the way on Wednesday. That was rude. Yeah.
You don't get the feeling Tony. You don't like me. I used to be great. But now I'm it's on my fault. Jerry says every time I have a radio accident listen to any other show on QA my thank Neil God for your limitation. I like this spots. I know it's written into your contract in addition. The sales hole sucks so bad. I hear more PSAs more and more often. And the internet streaming is just big old promos all so many days. It's enough to make you anyone tune out. Well, see the idea of the streaming jury. I hate to break the news for you. It's like a it's like a free service.
If you're like an albacurkey or on the moon or Uranus or somewhere like that, you can hear the show in the extra charge. And you know, the idea isn't for the response to be entertaining anyway. Okay.
Schmuck. They're all they all just full of complaints today. I won't even mention that that the jackass that was bugging me last weekend. All of a sudden me to come back under a similar but not the same name.
And gives me a whole song to dance about all the tragedies in his life. Me. Like what am I going to do about it? So take it out on me. That a boy Danny take it out on me. You loser.
Speaks says happy birthday. I had my 37th on Friday. Could hardly believe when doing the math. I've now been listening to you for 22 years. Thanks so much for what you provide such a layman crappy region of the US. You're too good for it.
Now I heard that I heard recently that I suck and I used to be okay. But now I suck big time as I voted for Obama last week. I couldn't help but profile those I saw in there with me who had blindly uneducated look on their services. And I think to myself how sad our society is.
These like the McCain voters are everything that's wrong with this country. And in the eye for a quarter in which I live the majority seem to have zero sense. I believe the eye for a quarter still remains a Republican stronghold. I was wondering what your thoughts are.
Why this region can't reason like mature adults probably because the people who live there most there a bunch of dumb red necks speaks anyway go Obama go and good luck tomorrow with common sense say speaks.
I'm going to go soak my head during the break. I'm so strong.
I'm sure you guys are strong.
Thank you.
I'm the fourth leader.
You and me.
D.A. Y.
Yeah.
As you see.
Yes.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, she's not going to be my congresswoman for life. She cares about me.
She is not a company.
And has been chosen to lead us by alien the people she is.
It is said to have an open season is to have a strong season and may your first child be a masculine child.
I mean I'll make me a little today.
It makes me proud to be in a come room. I see a people who pop in the big.
Like when we record cars during Russia.
Hey.
Go.
My gun.
Where was the girl?
I like home.
I like home.
I'm going to follow Vasya mentioned to us it that he walked a bank he traveled over to Tromboviphe.
Oh, thank you, Debbie. Well, she's all over that grateful man. I was sure I
was talking sports with Chris.
Are you hearing that somehow? Yeah, because his mic's off. Yeah, but I'm hearing him through your mic. My mic was off too.
Okay, that's weird. Well somebody's mic was on. Oh,
huh, huh?
You're talking a lot of talking today, but most of it is off off mic.
It's okay. Yeah, no, not really very interesting. No, although more interesting than this email.
Here's what I just got during the break.
Happy birthday, Neil. What race track did ring-eyed Pete race at harness quiz? It says, come on, Neil. Let's see if you get this one.
And here's my answer. Don't know. Don't care.
Ring-eyed Pete. Oh my god. Can you believe that?
They before the election presidential election tomorrow boys and girls.
The election of a lifetime. We got 80 billion people out there on our pool say it's like life and death.
And I get an email about harness quiz. What race track? Hey, what race track did Bucky Dale race at? Huh? You Shmendrick, you idiot.
Carp down trivia. What? Is Tampa Bay Downs? No.
Tampa Bay Downs is not a harness track, Shmuck. Yeah. Mr. Mr. Racing expert. I know nothing about racing.
In general. Oh, yeah, we know that. And now they're they're evidently doing some work in the unit next door to mine here. All day.
Hammering, banging, clanging. You heard?
Mm-hmm.
And as soon as I said that, they stopped. Stop.
Bob in plantation says long time, listening to second time emailer. Happy birthday. May you return. Thanks, Bob.
I voted yesterday. I spent a whopping five hours waiting to vote for Obama along with my wife at the
breast, well, well, breast, Westbrower Library in plantation.
I had no choice but to wait because my wife and I will be in Mexico City to service a client.
And I'll return until after the general elections are already over.
They'll be in Mexico City. Oh my God. Sure. I'll be come back alive, Bob. Yeah, that place is a pit.
You've been there? Yeah. And it's horrible, but you came back alive. Well, what's so bad about it?
Uh, inside the water and the food and the people other than it's great.
Well, what's wrong with the people? Uh, yeah, you can get kidnapped or mugged and there's a lot of people living in like
shanties. It's pretty nasty. Yeah. I thought up a new jingle that Volka, but I may want to pursue a
assistance. A note by Carly Simon that I renamed renamed I have a God time for McCain. Best regards
from Bob in plantation. Thanks, Bob, but it's a little, uh, but the same you would make that would be a
little bit late. Have a God time for McCain. I can hear it now. Can't you? Well, there is a chance
that he wins and then you can play it all, you know, for four years. God, you're such a no, no,
wonder you and Jolly Jor are so tight. Well, he does win. I'm moving the Vancouver. Yeah.
900 votes even on the pool. Our goal is a thousand today.
For fleas, pool or fat boys, pool, whoever's pool it is, whoever wants to take credit responsibility.
I'll give it to Chris. Oh, you two kind of. Oh, I got an email here with Peter Peter from Volka,
I think we already heard from earlier. That's okay. Send 10 emails if you have something to say,
because nobody else does. God, it's just it's downright terrifying. It's terrifying. How important is
to today's election to you 900 votes life and death 549? So many important 244. Don't give
it. Shmit 53 WTF 33 not very important 21. Out of 900 vote on fat Chris's pool.
Okay, let's see what this very important Peter from Volka says. Biggest in hiding is the
subject. It says this election more than any other elections would be a more about people's racist
side than I apparently ever knew. Many of my friends or an underwear acquaintances have showed me
a side of their persona. I didn't know existed until now. I thought that all these people were
rational intelligent, articulate folks that isn't till Obama decided to run for the presidency.
Like you have never received so many emails filled with hate and racist crap is I have since Obama
began his run for the White House. I get numerous emails daily from these people and they think
that they're funny and I might find humor in them too. I don't think they're funny at all. Neither
do I Peter. The one I got this morning I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler. Just sick twisted hate.
What scares me most is these people appear to be very normal and generally do not show this
side of their bigoted personality to me. I'm sure you've heard this hidden undercurrent from
many people over the past few months. I hope that the numbers are small and they don't become
an upsetting factor in tomorrow's election. If most of America really feels like this behind closed
doors we are doomed at a designation. We'll never achieve the equality we claim to possess
as a nation. We'll just continue to slip forward toward a future that offers only white,
Anglo-rich men a place at the top. Everyone else is just a pipe a dream. It's going to get really
ugly in the US if the GOPO steals this one tomorrow. Hell they might not have to steal anything if the
bigots come out and record numbers. I hope I'm wrong. Well I hope you are Peter. There are plenty
of math there though. Plenty of hate. Vinnie says thanks for all the free entertainment throughout
the years no matter what you say I like it. Well I used to be pretty good Vinnie but now all I do
is comedy and of course I don't think we can do any comedy anymore so I ain't got nothing left but
it's my fault. I'm old and feeble. Just thinking two days the worst present in history will be
replaced by possibly the best ever. I voted for Obama but they wouldn't let me vote more than once
but I try. Thanks for taking my email and having other 66 years of greatness. Love,
bokeh of any. Thank you Vinnie. See there actually are some people out there who want to like you know
I stand the hand of the the gland of friendship just a little something you know a pad on the back of
my old head. A little something good boy. Oh here we go from Hazel Park very good. Hazel Park,
Jackson Raceway Northfield down. Buckydale with the great Francis J. O'Hare great. Who cares?
Harnas trivia. I know who that's from too by the way that loser.
Neil you really need to read this. I check this out with snopes and it's true. Snopes
actually goes in a more detailed. McCain surely is a piece of garbage. Oh this is all the stuff about
his first wife and about how she got wrecked up in that auto wreck and about how he got the
came home and saw her in that condition. We already know a million times we've been into that right?
McCain in the first wife. Yep. Oh God. The candidates answers to the top 14 science questions facing
America. Here's a link. Delete. Delete. What what do you what do you and the thing with you is you
keep chuckling off Mike in the background. My mic is on I think. I know you're like chuckling
it like you look on another planet. Hey man I'm sorry. I'm sorry that I think some of the things
you say are funny. Yeah. What's that going to start? Even though you said my email sucks I want to
wish you a happy birthday. You still love. Thanks Phil. Okay. Thanks Phil. Go away. Go away. Enough.
Enough sucking around. Okay. See they feel sorry for me because there's so little response
here today on these damn emails which I thought was going to be bigger it was going to go over bigger
than Mary Tyler Moore but it isn't. 903 on your survey. You'll make the thousand easy just
just relax or maybe not. I don't know. We'll do it. Senator Barack Obama is trouncing John McCain
and the latest CBS New York Times pull by margin of 13%. Oh my God. That's 3% more than the Gallup
pull released Saturday in which Obama took the biggest Gallup lead ever over McCain that was 10 on
Saturday 11 points yesterday. With two days left until a presidential election meaning yesterday
Barack Obama continuously became by 13 points among likely voters 54 to 41% CBS rights. The
margin in the new pull released Sunday is identical to that in a CBS news pull release Saturday.
The number of undecideds are dwindling with more than nine in 10 of each candidate's voters now
saying they've made up their minds about who to vote for and out likely to change just 7% of Obama
voters and 8% of McCain voters say they still might change their minds and only 8% of likely voters
are uncommitted. The uncommitted voters are mostly white more than half our age 45 or older
just over half our men and most live in the Midwest and South. Half describes themselves as moderate
many are not partisan for intended independence. How could you not have made up your mind by this
point? So they before election day? Yeah, it's impossible. I mean all I can say to that is
absolutely oh my god that's the one well absolutely correct sir oh my god both of them no extra
charge the final Ohio pull conducted by the Institute for Policy Research at the University of
Cincinnati predicts Barack Obama will likely win Ohio's 20 electoral votes I'll believe that
one when I see it when allocating undecided voters to the candidates they're most likely the
support of Obama leads with 51 and a half percent of voters to 45.7% for McCain that's a margin of
about 5.8 points 5.8 the poll mirrors that of other recent Ohio polls would show a slim margin for
Obama an average of the latest Rogers Quinnipiac and Mason sticks and polls give Obama an average
lead of 3.6% in Ohio with 48.3% of McCain's 44.7 the real clear politics average of the polls
has shown Obama ahead in Ohio every day since October 1 the results are dramatic turnaround for
Obama since September when McCain held a four-point lead and nearly a quarter voters made undecided
another poll also shows Obama head this time by six points the final Columbus Dispatch poll
released yesterday shows Obama head of McCain by six points 52 to 46 but a bit a bit a bit a bit
about so what do you think is it in the bag El Sacco hopefully I don't know it's in the sack I
mean we are in Florida who the hell's talking about Florida this is a chainy Alex relaxed by
having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the New York Rogers 12-1 hour movie hey
message dual and friends from Ringo Stahl I'm so tired of being the least important people
I don't want to sign your autographs anymore I've been signing your bloody autographs eight days
a week the last 40 years so don't bother me you'll get no reply well if I've had enough of this
misery it's getting me nowhere man I was a marginal drummer anyway he was best the bull-ass kid
I simply no longer have any time at all the bloody autographs because I'm a very busy man so let it be
I must tend to my octopuses guard so if you'll excuse me as I grab me cook and have to make
the bus in seconds flat I'm sorry sorry for all this but it's all too much I'm just called to get
you out of my life and you get off the load Bravo to at 560 WDQ and boy he's here some talent any
no Ringo Stern sucks who'd ever want his autograph anyway you want his autograph nope what about you
fan so he's on the phone I'm on the phone with a stuff about squats we ran a 4th of July firework spot
earlier yeah and who's fault is that that's what we're trying to find out
not yours not mine oh no it must be my fault yeah probably some other ice holes
oh and so that Tony who wrote me that scathing email see this isn't what cracks me up about
these people the fact that they can email us now just just it's just an opportunity to spue venom
thanks Neil I really just wanted to piss you off I still love the show sorry bud what a freaking moron
I meant most of that we can agree to disagree well Greg a Georgie is good with you but not alone
please never die because I can't stand George by himself he really sounds effeminate and you are
more butch than ever he's so easy to piss off the guy proclaims to be an expert on everything
and really knows crap he has the biggest identity crisis come on a Cuban from Montana struggling
with homosexual tendencies he's first of all he's not from Montana he lived there once upon a time
and believe you me he ain't struggling with homosexual tendencies no yeah he lets me out all the time
and to portray this macho persona about how sex hungry he is he sounds real stupid when he
refers to his wife as the wife or daughters as teen daughter he works with you and hasn't learned a thing
and a stupid stick is to say all blank film blank radio all the timeline about whatever they're talking
leave him some money so it doesn't torture us on the radio forever trying to make a living please see
first he starts out ripping me and George who isn't here was on vacation in world reserve this week
now he's got a rip him and ask how about ripping you Tony you jackass you sour you're what's wrong with
South Florida sour negative hostile a holes like you am I right you bet yes got him I'd
tear to those people sick of it if I would have still had to live down there man that's the one
thing our kiss Greg reads kneecaps for man in fact you let me do the show from out of town from
anywhere anywhere but South Florida a bsf you know you love this place I hate it loves buys it
captain sings is happy birthday thank you captain may god give you a long life so keep entertaining us
till you're a hundred yeah god one more day for this god for second election yeah why don't you
tell you about this really good restaurant Montreal we're staying in Gavino on crescent and
St. Catharines food is out of this world if you haven't tried it a must thanks captain sing but I'm
not going back to Montreal any time soon too many frogs there too many Frenchmen
they are really just everything that people in South Florida said for years disgusting when you
can come down to South Florida be more disgusting than the natives it's really and it's like that
in a lot of the New Yorkers oh by the way for that guy that call last week how about the ranges
huh how about the ranges center denied in Toronto right here at the air Canada center huh ranges
ranges oh god what is it about so many New Yorkers that makes them well you know when you
even with like 15 million people there's bound to be a whole bunch of obnoxious ones right
oh yeah how about the ranges yeah ranges blew a two nothing lead with seven minutes to go
and leave scored five goals in five minutes and beat their sorry as five to two the make beliefs
here's one from Simpson happy birthday to you oh it's Steve well I don't know I don't know
about these names you look at their email address and it's one thing and then their name on the
bottom I don't know what it is happy birthday to you isn't it depressing these hateful messages
and sentiments are circulated by people who talk endlessly about freedom and compassion what
recent events have shown is that America's got a lot of Hutzpah to lecture any country about how
to organize an election or how to have a free and objective media good luck to us go Barack thank
you Steve yeah we're talking about spreading democracy when are we going to get some back
it's got the stuff it's corruption my friends my friends you're my friend oh god I hate it too
I hate him and there's his pasty a horror-looking wife Cindy the drug addict always she always
looks like she just swallowed a hummingbird let's see here's one from Johnny Rotten in today's
Palm Beach post-local section is a picture of the early voting line to my dismay the average age
is not death plus two eighty five percent seem to be thirty somethings at least half our black got
a love it so what does he say to my dismay I don't I don't does that make any sense to you no not
really please oh please get out and vote everybody he says today's my 44th birthday happy happy
you on Wednesday love your loss sign the phony Johnny Rotten well let's have a big happy birthday for
everybody if I can find it there you go there's a picture of the early voting to my dismay the
average age is not death plus two and it doesn't make any sense to my dismay no maybe he means to my
shock happy birthday Neil in many more years to come from Richard thank you dick thank you for all
the years of having the balls to tell the truth about the bum my bum my shoes of all religion and
the lady the lazy citizenship of those who just given the fear of greed and prejudice and vote for
those who have no interest in them at all and use their vote to fill their pockets while the rest
of us pay and go further into death and further into the real danger the world by putting us to the
mercy of foreign governments like the freaking Saudis okay I noticed that Obama talked about the
Saudi oil I haven't heard John McCain mentioned the freaking Saudis once all he does is say well we
send a lot of money to go for governments that don't like us very much yeah your mama you and
bush in the Saudis man should rot and hill you're a breath of fresh air I wish you many years of
good health continuing on here for a long time we are in German go pan turds go leaves ha ha says rich
in Hollywood it leaves a nice game in Carolina last night not but that's okay they beat the ranges
on Saturday and a rousing come from behind five to two win here's a picture of bush with no head
and here's evidently the same picture again now it's a different one just sick really sick
just amazing it that the the right wingers they have no issues all they've got is hate
it's all they got spread the wealth socialist communist terrorists you know that's what they
got not working too well either here's what it says from Adam my theory on underside of
voters is that they're on the fence whether or not to vote for a uh... darky yeah that must be it
that can't quite bring themselves over the edge to vote for a black guy or even a guy that's half black
maybe if he was one shade wetter you know that brown paper thing I keep talking about
the litmus test brown paper bag yep
maybe that might push him I don't think he's gonna need those people I think we're gonna do just fine
and we damn well better to just fine because otherwise if if McCain by some miracle steals the election
tomorrow that's obviously the only way they could win it Wednesday i'm taking off for my birthday
and what's going to happen then who's going to do the show guys you guys yes sir okay
we'll do best off tapes no we're not doing any best off tapes now you're sounded like jolly joe bell
again oh the audience wants to hear niels voice i like those tapes yes screw you in the tapes jolly joe
that right there scared the living crap out of me that must be pillow talk between christian joe
yeah that would be lean dojo he said their best friends so you know yeah that's right they're tight
he said we're awful tight me and jolly joe how come he didn't take you with Denver in the ball game
this weekend i guess i'm not a state with him is ray parry yeah oh boy can you see that that's
something talk about an earthquake in the Rocky Mountains doctor al says though all
though you call me an idiot when you read my last email i'm gonna email again despite my thin skin
i remember listening to you in jorge at the end of last April as i recovered from three horny repair
surgeries at that time you've done very poorly in last ratings book i just don't believe that
ratings can change so much from one rating experience to the next i also don't believe that you could
even come in come in behind the ticket with syndicate etc we don't come in behind the ticket we
just suck but it also got me weathering whether we can trust the political polls if they can get
the ratings the radio show is so wrong how can we trust the polls that see obama's leading i don't
press those polls and i'm voting for obama's off and as i can sneak back into the booth
you go doctor al early and often baby over and over and over again
because these people have already decided that my absentee ballot won't count so go ahead
if obama loses by one vote it's gonna be neo-rodgers fall and if it rains it's neo-rodgers fall
and if it's a boring day it's neo-rodgers fall yes and if the dog has wild diarrhea on the carpet
it's neo-rodgers fall yes i'm telling you i'm not joking i'm this i'm gonna sit down with myself and
i have a meeting you know you know people who seek advice from other people
i think they make a bad mistake there's only one person who can decide how you want your life
well you know the direction and that's you so i'm gonna sit right down with myself sometime
this week probably on Wednesday my birthday i'm gonna decide and then maybe one of these days
you'll come in there in the morning and there'll be just silence from here this sounds a
and neo will be off in like Berlin or you know some some place i'm sitting on with all that money
that i've accumulated over all these years and believe me there's a pretty firm out of it there too
hey i could do pretty damn good i could tell joe bell to stick this damn radio station and
they show right up his fat old pimpley ass in my fit yeah that's right according to what you've
been telling me about what a fat ass he is and if anybody knows right though you know joe's ass
because you've had your head in there so long when when you're gonna get your head out of joe's ass
that's what that's what Chris was asking me before you came in this morning once clearance is done
oh it's clearance god boy it must be getting pretty crowded there huh
luckily it's kind of roomy yeah clearences he's got his whole body up joe's ass
wait now if clearences there and beast is there for clearence that's a party that's a day's each
day yeah like a pyramid ass to ass
rectum even Jennifer Conley be impressed leader
leader
me oh god
this is cnn breaking news several McCain aides suggest to see an end that they're increasingly
frustrated by what an aide described as sarapel and going rogue you agree with the bush doctor
ask you one more time not to belabor the point what is your views on that um i'm not
going to take any of your questions
McCain defended palan saying we're both mammoths and we have to fight
1217 at 560 wbtqm happy amundi to it day before election day two days before my birthday
one a week huh and the audience is gushlofen don't bother us near yesel uh no genuji deke
whatever that means you know what that means no come on clear a jubo i what does it mean
i have no idea well he's kind of a fake jude though yeah is he well yeah he's not you know he
doesn't take off all the juholades like uh the other pictures here i can't comment on that
why not um because people complain that i made fun of the fake juz to jubo when i got yelled at
are you serious yeah wow so i love all of god's creatures
you fairy 942 votes on the pool let's take a puke at it how important is two days election to you
life and death 576 somewhat important 254 don't give a shmit 58 wtf 33 not very important 22
943 votes you got your thousand licked man yep you got it licked in the shade
and that's that's if i were you that's where i lick it in the shade not out in the sunlight
a record shattering 4.2 million fluridians already voted by casting absentee ballots are going
to the polls early including thousands who stood in lines for hours across our 40s today
yesterday was the end of early voting 14 days of early voting finished with spectacular
displays of patients by voters and poll workers alike what was to be a few hours of last minute
early voting splurged into a day long drama especially in borrowed Palm Beach and Dave counties
where voters endured rain showers heat and hunger in lines that snaked around parking lots and city
blocks county election workers who had planned for a big day were surprised by the turnout
dozens of people lined up at voting sites before dawn and hundreds more state passed dusk
hours after the polls closed except to in trepid voters already standing in line
some waited five hours or more the statewide result two and a half million early voters over two
weeks which half of them half of them democrats nearly a third republicans meanwhile almost
1.7 million absentee ballots have been returned with republicans independence making up about two thirds
and there's still a main event to come florida's the biggest battleground state in the
presidential fight between obama and mccain and though a third of voters in the sunshine state
cast balance there could be seven million more people voting the old-fashioned way that all
precincts open 70 and the 7 p.m. tomorrow on sunday sylvia rose in thirty five a mirror mar walked
out in mirror mar city hall looking as if she'd finished a marathon i'm glad i brought a chair
otherwise that had been standing for seven hours she said at least it's over for me i finally voted
rose was part of what one-broward county election official called a record event by
saturday the office counted three hundred fourteen thousand plus votes including absentee ballots
the early voting number already exceeded our expectations before the end of the weekend said
merry kuni director public services in the broward a supervisor elections orifice a total of
eight hundred thousand registered broward voters are expected to participate through tomorrow
voters came to pomeach counties main election headquarters west of west pome armed with umbrellas
folding chairs coffee mugs and newspapers among them lewis valentine fifty seven of west pome beach
people died for the right to vote he said i don't mind standing in line one bit
in florida the number of new registered voters about a million this year is so high
and the expected total turnout eighty percent more of the eleven point two million registered
voters is so great that election analyst say Tuesday's voting traffic will still be heavy
early voting proved considerably more popular in south florida's time than in 2004
this year's response could revolutionize voting analysts say going forward more people may not
think of voting is on multi-day process rather than just election day surge national election experts
also say south florida's embrace of early voting is stronger than it is elsewhere one possible
reason its experience is ground zero in the two thousand presidential election warranted or not
florida voters are acutely aware of past problems with votes not being counted and are concerned
that something can go wrong on election day said danselexan editor of election line dot org
and election information project of the pew center on the states while election officials have
taken a cheerful view of the high turnout others are less optimistic said judeph brown
the janis the anus co-directed the advancement project a voter advocacy group we're not prepared for
this kind of engagement in our democracy these weights and lines are serious because some voters
don't have the opportunity to wait yeah i mean is it rocket science to say that you know people
shouldn't have to wait in line for seven ten hours to vote no that they're all in all the
precincts ought to be open all the time oh well it would take so many more workers well big deal if
it's that important and let's get all the precincts open all the time for white right
make problems what why you trying to make problems that's me problem maker yet the long line to
your fault that's right my for god's my fault oh my god what is this from the fake Sergio
Pereira okay i'm just printing some of these out i don't i don't like reading them off the thing
yeah oh and here's another one wow small type teeny tiny type i'll print about
not a lot of no just a couple a couple here a couple there they're a mum they're all sitting
back waiting i guess i don't know is that a good excuse yeah it's the calm before the storm i
forgot that was my fault yeah pretty much tomorrow during the show we can get spy reports we can
get people giving us reports they're where they voted how many people were online and etc so i'll
get it won't happen but i mean we could here's one from mark these are all chopped off on the right
hand margin by the way and George is still never effectively told me how to get rid of that the
stories have print out i have no problem with the right hand margin just fine but the emails forget
about it i think it's your fault yeah of course it's my fault because i'm computer illiterate i'm
moron mark says need i've been working the phones are going door to door for obama for a month or
so because my financial situation wouldn't allow me to donate money to his campaign in the last
eight years i've become a member of the working poor try to make ends meet and i'm in danger losing
my home after raising my kids here for almost 20 years i just couldn't sit and watch from the
sidelines while the republicans stole another election i've been surprised by some of the people
i've met who are supporting obama like some old Cubans i've always considered as who always
considered democrat socialist or russia communist now even my 85 year old mother-in-law who's a
widow of bay of pigs veteran is voting democratic for the first time every time she sees
McCain on TV she says hi ho de puta i've also i've also noticed that even the ones who are still
hard hard-ass republicans have children who are voting for obama i don't know if you've heard
but even the Cuban-American national foundation the organization that was founded by Jorge
mascanosa is backing obama maybe there's reason for hope after all keep your fingers crossed
i couldn't resist the temptation to put a sticker this as i voted for change i want to
the McCain signs i passed while i was out canvassing then put a little bounce back in my step to
ease my aching feet have a happy birthday i'll be hopefully celebrating tomorrow night made to
mark through a good job good luck to mark you'll need it
9.57 on the pool maybe this hour we go over thousand wouldn't that be something
wouldn't that be a real feather in josephad-ass huh something like that here's one from the fake
Sergio oh i see and that's i got the wrong name i thought was Sergio Pereira
Sergio on the road back yesterday from we can trip to Orlando i listened to the dolphins radio broadcast
Jimmy syphilis isn't just a clown he redefines the word horrible i can't stand this man
i listened to the game broadcast while in the stadium for home games i'm glad the crowd noise
and radio static drown him out most of the time mad dog in jubo is a great but jimmy has to be
stoned at their worst lousy play by play guys in this town have we decent color guys such as
Tommy Hutton and the aforementioned mad dog in jose play by play guy Eric read from the heat is
okay not the best but the something in the rest it's puke he talks to his teeth he's affected
i hate that p.s the other day i saw the marlin's guy richeah whoever on son that worked
doing her girls college volleyball game prove positive yet that voting for obama says Sergio
it's where richeah waltz belongs on the girls volleyball badminton would be good
he's another one sucks watermelons man rich waltz horrible awful sucks gigantic cantalopes
neon god
i'm dying out of here i joined the night's it party
they used to call it the gop and i strongly agree with right wing policy so it won't be coming for me
so i went to the night's it party convention held in the empire state for 9-11 thank the sodden
give their hands a shake and dance on the great i'm reading mine comes now
the bush stock trinets will you see you believe anyone if you can't thank for yourself
yes
what
dog
dog
dog
dog
dog
dog
dog
dog
dog
the entertainment that the night's it party was appropriately Christian and white
there was nameless you can clear channel the brookley greenwood and to be green tea's
i'm watching
oh right now
and and culture as well
if you don't believe what she's the only one that you should dive out to hell
absolutely
pro 32 pop a couple more rush that's it pill popping phony
at any rate maybe we ought to take some calls here today i've got a few emails
nothing expect i can know what you don't want to do that okay
well you sure put the kabasha in that real fed you just quick on how you notice how accordion
is good buddy jolly joe now he's running the show that's that's why flea's here all this week
oh he's fine on you and me okay fat boy i got it i remember that that's what he's doing there
i'll stop telling him all the cool secrets
yes start telling me the ones uh wilder here's a stupid email
fair is fair and ill i fully expect you to throw away all your arosmiths
CDs and never say anything good about them ever again
says arosmith's joe perry walks this way with john mccain
perry says national security economic woes have prompted him to split from the rest of the
entertainment world and throw a support behind john mccain who gives a flying crap about joe perry
okay and i still love arosmith and i'm not throwing anything away how do you like that
you've got to do this and you got to do that see i didn't know when i started with the emails
that was going to be like an instruction uh
vehicle um where everybody can tell me how to live my life what to do what i got to do this and you
got to do that got to got to move up and out down exactly etc and that's something that fad
sack destroyed the joe roacher was we used to know it or we're going to send you that as your
birthday present now what's what's with that danny boy my god is he ever going to have enough
money or what never he he's like a disease he's everywhere he's like a creeping spreading disease
but nevertheless and what's with those lips danny huh he's getting to look more and more like
sees a romero and batman the joker and do we care that the joe and danie are going to have lunch
again on friday those two take showers together still do you know that do you know that do you
wonder where they're going to have lunch at these joe roes yeah that's right joe roes and dan marino
still take showers together after the game not that they're planning it but you know
it's a way to celebrate can you imagine yesterday after that big dolphin went out there
against that little girls team with that quarterback j cutler he you you just look at him
you look at him and the word loser is written all over his face you know i mean he looks like
about a 10-year-old kid yes he does but that i made that comment yesterday who made the comment
i did really yep and he plays like a 10-year-old kid but we won the ball game we're really great oh my
god why can't they be honest and admit that they they beat a little girls team hey what you
were a little girls team last year you'll take it what what's with this schedule that all the
the afl east of god what what is what is with the games that these teams in the division are playing
we're going to patriots who went undefeated last year in a regular season even the fricking
patriots are playing a lot of little girls teams just the way the schedule goes Kansas city and
Denver oh my god the jets now let's see the jet speed buffalo yesterday right yep yeah come to
fight out that the bills who started out so they're not so good any after all the bills that's
your team isn't no it is not yeah it used to be once upon a time when i worked in the batavia
are you going to go in a play in Toronto no i'm not but let now again for the eight minute time
let me ask you this question why would i go to that game what what would be the reason because
that i felt yeah no i'm asking flea who i just asked me a stupid question am i going to go in the
december seven but why would i go maybe like going to football games no i don't okay and no
so i can sit in the middle of a bunch of drunks although i would imagine a crowd here is probably
a little bit more refined than soft Florida fans drunk loud rowdy obnoxious fist fights there are a
lot of people go to the game just to watch the fist fights like when the jets fans come in you know
to watch the brawl in the stands which is usually a lot more action than there is on the field
listen to west poms as i have to concur with the person who wrote about the commercials
i've sat through eight minute breaks the show comes back for five minutes and then right back in
another eight minute break not an issue they're talking about the sports shows i liked your
rose made this guilty and cursed spot i hate interviews with coaches and athletes in general
why does bigo interview some unknown athlete from another team that the dolphins are playing what
are they going to say some of the media people and bloggers are all right because they say something
but in general athletes are uninteresting drew rozen afs is okay uh but this joe have to spend three
minutes every week asking about the ladies when drew ones who when drew won't say anything who cares
that's right that's what it says here who cares about drew and the ladies tank had to write when
he said management turned out station upside down for the talentless mo zimfer was far better with
manage i like him on sunday mornings with kirtis zimper is on sunday mornings with the kirtis
yep on the sunday morning sports page yeah they do a segment together
well i'll come nobody ever told us about that we have to get it from an emailer i would have
told you about that if i need you want to know well zimper was damn good yes and with
manage he was outstanding a is a very nice guy too how do you like that
and no luck yet champ
now he's still locked in the closet down there
yeah let's hear jimmy syphilis laugh like that one time
hey jimmy you fairy here's one from us somebody which just and this again
negative am i ever going to get anything positive out of these emails
no never Neil i'm surprised you're still like overman he's such an a-hole
have you seen how he talks down to other broadcasters on the set of Sunday night football
no i have not because i don't pay any attention to the uh that crap
as if they're not even worthy of sitting next to him he's just a conceited ego maniac jerk
at one point Chris Collinsworth tried to help him when he made a mistake
Chris Collinsworth by the way couldn't help himself he's pathetic he's be viled and despised by
everyone i hate that guy oh god do i hate Chris Collinsworth such an arrogant little puss
overman snapback so sharply looks like Collinsworth who's gonna start crying oh i would have
paid to watch that also i wonder why you're not promoting a net today who's running against
iliana rosanna danna she's great and actually has a shot of being iliana yeah likely story
likely story she's gonna beat iliana rosanna down so there we go again hostility negativity and
do this do that how come you're not doing this do it you're wrong you're bad you're evil
you suck mike says i thought you'd get a kick out of this son it's said in my wife went out
and for a lot of the local bar to watch the texas texas tech game i found myself sitting next to
an obnoxious person he was going on and on about how herb street is doing great job announcing the
game and this is herb streets break out season i actually started talking to the guy about the game
and he asked me if he listened if i listened to your show he goes on to inform me he's the herb
street guy who emails me all the time and even he or actually friends no we're not i said name i
listened to you and every time you email him about herb street he goes crazy he told me it's just a
bit you guys are tight right i know the guys nothing was pulling my chain but i figured to get a
kick out of this keep up the great show and go obama says mike thank you mike yeah we're tight
we're very tight indiana mccain 47 obama 46 one point margin for mccain and indiana within the
maso main is within the margin of error how do you an indiana one of the reddest of the red even
in montana obama's in striking distance well if mccain would run the table oh yeah run this
pennsylvania eight point lead for obama and you see an end pull of polls wow
oh and there's a bunch of here what are these symbols it's not chinese
do you get some ever get some of these emails with all these strange symbols that are like
i don't know how to describe them they look like chinese it might be a mac easier setting you
something yeah i was going to say yeah oh is that what it is yeah sometimes yeah
mac well mac on this okay beast uses a mac and he'll send me like stuff for the hurricanes i'll
have all these weird symbols on it sometimes yeah figures he's such a punts just remember these two
words when you go to votes in his holy prison palin brok the vote tomorrow people and beat that
over there and say i said all right say that yvg's gonna tell
for the robbery and that is the bird i got him
let me be in the bart который behind the bars for life
I'm going to get you.
Yeah.
Hey, OJ.
Well, that's one of the highlights of the year.
You know what?
Hey, we're getting arrested.
You going to jail?
Yes.
How come Flee's got none to say about that?
Oh, that's right.
Flee's got a defending jock aqua's here at QAM.
Huh?
Actually, no, not at all.
All the jock sniffers.
Oh, we love OJ.
We love OJ.
Even if he killed a couple people and did not robbery.
We love OJ.
And that's not me.
Yeah, definitely not me.
Well, that's your counterparts there.
That's your cohorts.
In fact, I got to wondered about the best of kneel disc
while we don't do them anymore.
I got talked into doing a golf tournament
to raise money for charity.
When years ago with those radio stations several years ago,
my scruan, the evil, the anxious, the smelly scruan.
And she started mumbling something about,
oh, we can even get OJ to come and ask that if you get OJ involved.
I don't want any part of it.
And she promised she swore she crossed her ugly nasty saggy breasts
and promised no chance.
He wouldn't be in it.
Okay.
She talked me into it.
So he walked up while you were there?
I wasn't there.
I mean, you know, it was going on.
And we get a call on the bat line from Anxious Sam
who used to work in the nephew, whatever the hell he was.
Greg Reed's unofficial nephew.
Oh, OJ is here.
You want to talk to him?
I'll put him on the phone.
How do you like that?
Hang up on him?
Yes.
That was off the air he called George on the bat line.
They licked OJ's testicles in that place,
scruan and the water Nazi and Greg Reed, all of these people.
And the worst part of it is they spent money to fly him in.
They flew him in from LA at our expense to attend a Yagaltramar war
and he was specifically instructed that he shouldn't be there.
How you like that?
That's crazy.
It's not acceptable.
If I had a real agent, he would have sued their ass right then and there.
If I had a real agent, instead of someone first at Bansy,
got some bad news for all your rappers,
the executive who succeeded J.Z.
His head of hip-hop music label, Deaf Jam recordings,
died from a self-inflicted gunshot.
New Atlanta police said yesterday, do you know this?
No.
Executive Vice President Shakirah Stewart, 34. on Saturday,
his New York-based label said in the statement.
Shakir, what kind of a name is that?
That's hip-hop.
I mean Shakirah, we love Shakirah, but Shakirah?
Stewart was found Saturday afternoon in a bathroom in Bessoma,
Atlanta, suburb of Marriotta, Marietta.
He was pronounced dead at nearby hospital,
police described the shooting of self-inflicted
and wouldn't say who discovered Stewart's body.
The record label issued to Stamina,
stayed on behalf of Stewart's fiance, Michelle Rivers,
and his family.
Over the past several weeks, Shakirah's behavior was inconsistent
with the man we all know and love, the statement said.
As much as we all try to help Shakirah was in deep pain
and largely suffering in silence.
Stahlwurt, her Stewart, rather,
signed such artists as Rick Ross and Young G.Z.
to the label before being named in June of the Post-Once
Phil by Jay Z. Young G.Z.
G.Z. Christ, are you kidding me?
The Oakland native California?
The Oakland, California native.
Well, I'm so shocked from this, you know?
Yeah, you're reading wrong, I thought good.
The Oakland, California native came to Atlanta to attend
Morehouse College, where he graduated 1996.
He previously worked with a hit co-publishing company
where he signed R&B star Beyonce and Irish to records
where he signed R&B star Chiara.
Chiara, what is her name?
Chiara.
Chiara?
Chiara, my ass.
No, thank you.
Dev Jam called Stewart a truly incredible friend and father
who was inspiration not only to our artist and employees,
but to his family and the many people who had the privilege
of counting him as a friend.
And now he's dead.
How many of you are alive in the next minute?
You're dead. That proves there's a God.
Why couldn't God make us like Superman?
Make us invulnerable, huh?
If Clark Kent can do it, why not us?
And that's because the God that the Jews and the Goyem created
was like an incompetent, like a bumbling fumbling God.
A bumbling fumbling God.
A bumbling fumbling.
Okay, yesterday says a somebody, who was this from?
Some guy.
Some somebody.
Yesterday I was having what I thought was a fairly decent conversation
with a woman.
And suddenly she started telling me about her view of the election.
She went on to say that if Obama won, she would not go anywhere
near Pompano Beach or any other hood with a good population
of black folks because they would be going crazy in the streets.
How in the world can some people be so effing stupid?
You have to ask.
It says also I was stuck out of the house and listened to the dolphin game
on the radio.
Joe Rose is fine.
Mad Dog is fantastic on every broadcast.
His timing, his content was very, very good.
But Jimmy Cifilis is so unbelievably bad and phony sounding.
When there's a big play, he tries to butcher up and makes his voice sound deeper and gravely.
Oh my God.
How in the world can the powers that be let him stay on that broadcast?
It's a Sam.
Anyhow, I wish you an excellent something that's 66th.
It's a Sam.
Thanks, Sam.
You know, Jimmy Cifilis is strictly a caca, but you know, we like caca.
We like Joe Zagaki.
We like Gildi.
Remember Gildi and the games on the radio?
It's a goal for the Panthers.
The Panthers.
How can he be alive, you know, when you come right down to it?
How can that feature, the squeak, my sir?
Well, and here's the guy who's confused.
Well, I'll get to it.
Yeah, you already sent me this.
I'll be emailing from my phone holding Obama's on.
Somebody told me that.
I'll send you a, yeah, you already told me that once.
Don't send it again.
If at first I don't read it, they send it again and again and again.
Great.
Thank you in advance.
Send tomorrow.
Tomorrow after exercising your right to vote says Steve, go to your local Starbucks, show
them your I voted sticker for some or some other proof that you voted and you'll get a
free coffee.
I believe it's just a regular coffee.
No double half cap, cap of Frappuccino with soy or some such unless you're very friendly
with your barista.
Just a nice little promotional deal from Starbucks.
Isn't that nice?
Mm hmm.
And look a lot today for all you plastic a holes out there.
996 on the pull of fact, Chris, you're going to make a thousand before the top of the
air.
I believe.
All right.
Flea is with us today in fact, Chris and Georgia's on vacation all week.
Boy, he sure picked a hell of a week.
Election day tomorrow.
I know what to make sure you can get there next and early.
Now Edward says is yes, no or is no yes.
On constitutional amendment number two, the Florida marriage protection amendment.
Yes means no gay marriage, no means no bigotry vote no amendment number two unless you're
a bigot.
Well, it is Florida.
This amendment protects marriage as the legal union of only one man.
And by the way, they got to get 60% because it's a constitutional amendment.
They got to get 60% of yes to approve this.
No way it happens.
The amendment protects marriage as the legal union of only one man and one woman and
one husband and wife provides no other legal union is treated as a marriage or the substantial
equivalent thereof.
She'll be something recognized.
It's chopped off on the right hand.
The direct financial impact of this amendment will have on state and local government revenues
and expenditures cannot be determined, but it's expected to be minor.
Yes means no gay marriage and no means.
Yes.
Yes means no and no means yes.
Vote no on number two.
Okay.
Ed vote no on constitutional amendment two.
I still don't understand why in the world doesn't make any difference to heterosexuals
of other gay people can get married.
Oh, well, they're going to be promoting their agenda, you know?
Yeah, sure.
Adam, who has no life at all, picking up or you guys are trying to like a smear me, says,
if you do change your mind and you want to go to the Bill's Dolphins and Toronto, have
an extra ticket with your name on it.
Get a life at him.
Go find a friend.
Go find some homeless slimeball on the street corner somewhere.
Thousand votes.
We got a thousand already so we can go home.
Thousand one.
I'm just exhausted.
They from trying to prod and poke these people.
I mean, I just I don't understand it.
This is just out of the blue.
Must be because George ain't here today, huh?
Probably.
All over the day he was out sick last time.
We had a phenomenal response, phenomenal.
Conned by surprise, caught him off guard, I guess off balance.
And look at it with the countdown.
One day, five hours, five minutes and 26 seconds before the polls close.
One day, five hours, they're counting like, you know, for the polls that close at six.
Where the hell are the polls closed at six?
You got any idea?
No, I'm trying to think.
I don't know.
In Florida, they close at seven.
We know that somewhere the polls must close at six.
Well, that'll be good.
From around I get a big tub of popcorn about, you know, Joe six pack, get a couple of
six packs for Joe six pack.
And maybe you know what's his name over the house too, Joe the plumber.
So who's coverage you got to watch?
MSNBC.
As far to the left as the law allows.
I'm going to be very honest with you.
I totally this last week.
I'm embarrassed for them.
I mean, because they're so blatantly biased, you know, give me some straight news.
You don't have to like, uh, giri to try to be like Fox left.
You got Fox right MSNBC left and CNN like wandering in the middle with that damn obnoxious
wool blitzkrieg.
Oh, if it's good for Israel, it's good for CNN.
Yes, sure.
Cox, a hoist wolf.
Neil, I feel because the economy is in the tank.
The real reasons you and I many of our listeners support across the board change in power has
been greatly obscured.
Obama never had to put the spotlight on the Republican support for abolishing our civil
rights.
Our rights to privacy are protects from illegal illegal intrusions of wiretapping and
eavesdropping.
The practice of attacking or imprisoning first asking questions later, all of these things
all of these things.
I feel I'm about to make a tremendous cleansing shower wash away years of bush chaining
McCain, filth and mong.
I know Obama feels that his low key respectful campaign has worked and be good for the
Democrats given his apparently heading in tomorrow's monumental vote.
But hopefully soon after the election, maybe in his acceptance speech, hey, Hillary knowledge
why this had to be a democratic election, that yes, we're voting for him.
And yes, we finally would have a black president if he wins, no small feet for this country,
but that the seeds that were of change were planted long before we had a choose between
him and Hillary.
Our first woman president, first black president, resurrecting the middle class, are
laudable ideals and goals, of course, but small potatoes this year specifically because
it last eight years and the men around this country into the ground, elections far more
important.
I was only a toddler during the Watergate scandal, but I can imagine the similar need for
nation-wide cleansing after that era as well.
So in the words of President Ford, I hope Senator Obama should he win resurrects the following
tone.
My fellow Americans are long national nightmares over our Constitution works, our great Republican
government of laws and out of men.
Here's the here's the people rule.
Shopped off there.
Our great republic is a government of laws and out of men.
Gerald Ford.
Yeah, there was such a cleansing after that the only reason Ford lost is because he
pardoned Nixon.
I like to shave my legs, arms and buns while listening to the Neil Rogers one or two
hours.
I'm dying out.
I'm just about broke.
I put cold heels at joke.
This is a losing game.
I'm pleased.
He spoke.
He spoke.
So down to my left thumb.
So much for the subprime is more than interest that I'm paid.
Soon will come the day.
My savings will pass away.
What does that say about me?
With my bottom feeding stocks living in a cardboard box is where you can find me.
Cause I ain't got no money.
No money to my name.
Ain't funny.
Who's to blame?
I'm so mad at Congress.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Ain't funny.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody.
Nobody is bailin' out me.
Don't be suspicious.
Don't be afraid, bro.
I'm a kid.
Oh, boy.
102 at 560 WMV.
Hostile emails continue coming in.
Uh oh.
Like what?
Uh oh.
What happened to fluid?
Do you leave us?
Nice learn.
No, I try to find out which poles closed the earliest for voting.
It's Indiana and Kentucky.
Yeah, but Indiana is not on Eastern time.
Right.
In fact, Indiana, part of Indiana is in part of it.
It's in the beginning of the day.
And when we go on daylight time, which we just went off of this weekend,
part of the state is in part of it.
Ain't.
It's going to be very strange.
Let's hope that we have a gigantic turnout in Gary, Indiana.
Boy, ever driven through Gary, Indiana?
No.
On the highway.
No.
It's like Hamilton, Ontario again.
I like Jacksonville.
All the smoke stacks.
You know, all the schmutz in the year.
Oh my God.
You're choking and gagging.
Ah.
Ah.
Anyway, here's one, no name, subject calls.
To be honest, you show it's terminally boring without the callers getting you all worked up.
But you know what?
If you don't like it, bye bye.
Bye bye.
It's terminally boring, but they're still listening.
And of course, taking the trouble to write me a hostile email.
Here are the sirens.
They're coming to take that a hole away right now.
Uh oh.
They're coming in this direction.
Mike and four Myers who says.
I'm dying over here.
Neil, do you think that in your lifetime or in mine in my mid 30s that we will ever see a viable third party in this messed up system?
No.
As a young voter, I feel as if neither of these candidates will be able to truly get us in the right direction within the first four years of their time in orifice.
Uh, with most of the presidents of the past spending their efforts in the first term setting the table he had reelected and concerned that whoever wins or steals a selection will give us only four years of reelection efforts.
Do you understand what that just said?
Uh, in my off face, are we in serious need of a true third party?
Well, we're in need of it, but are we going to have it?
No.
I remember how excited I was about John Anderson.
What you was at, Eddie.
I don't know.
You're probably Reagan.
What?
We're not that old.
I am.
Uh oh.
Speaker of that, Mike says happy 66 birthday this week.
Let's go running on a beach naked together that frat call is still the most disturbed caller of all time.
You can also go swimming naked together.
Yeah, at the Y.
Swimming together naked at the.
Yeah.
It's like when you were a kid, thousand and thirteen votes.
I never went swimming at the Y.
I'm whatever in high school.
I want to say J.Y.M.A.
The Jewish young men's or whatever was.
You ever go to the J.Y.
Flea.
No.
You never even heard of the J.Y.
Didn't you?
Nope.
The J.Y. is the Y.M.C.A. for Jews.
Why do you have to have a special one?
Well, because Jews are special.
Uh.
We don't want to get those Jewish kids all confused with that forskin.
Oh, I got you.
Get them all paranoid and neurotic.
Oh, I'm missing something.
I'm missing something.
Yeah.
Phil.
It's just amazing how many people have sent emails now would know.
I mean, just make up a fake name would be nice.
Gay couples should be able to get married.
It says they too should have the experience of how miserable marriage really is.
Have a great day.
Well, I have a great day too to you, anonymous.
Nick in Miramar says, love you Uncle Neil.
I'm glad somebody still does.
Most of them are.
It's boring.
We want the colors.
You know, please said if we put the colors on today, he won't show up the rest of the week.
Uh-oh.
Now what you said?
Yeah, pretty much.
They just get you angry.
So why?
They do what?
They get you angry.
Oh, they don't get me.
You know, I don't think I really care.
Yeah.
You're the one that sent that email about getting the colors, getting me whipped up into a frenzy.
You're the one.
You figured it out.
I don't get whipped up into a frenzy, but I think it's a radio show.
Okay.
If you think that this show affects my life other than the big check, I get twice a month.
You're dreaming.
Then let's take some calls.
Why not?
You know something?
Yes.
See, Chris doesn't have the balls to go into clearance's office and take his pants down and do a big diarrhea dump on his desk, but he certainly has no qualms about doing it to you.
What did I do?
No, I'm talking about getting him with what he just said about taking calls.
I would do it to him.
Why not?
He might be my boss one day.
You never know in this place.
Flea is going to be your boss one day.
It's because he's in tight with the jolly Joe.
I tried.
I forgot about that.
He's an insider, the flea master.
How does he start kissing everybody's butt that walks by?
Nick says Neil, I'm a 28 year old half-holy oborn and raised in sunrise.
When I was young, my father was a truck driver.
I would write along and listen to some great talk radio on 610.
The best of course being you, of course.
No film was sure funny for a while.
Are you sure?
I've never called.
Unfortunately, I rarely have anything to add to the show, but at least I'm aware of this.
But today I find myself enjoying a rare mid-day joist and took my laptop in the send-eliter.
So no jokes, no programming instructions.
We'll say that Flea is a thousand times better on the radio than that nervous fast-talking Chris.
Settle down Chris.
You don't need to talk so much and George is effing great, isn't it?
I didn't think that Chris talked all that much, does he?
I don't think so.
Shut up.
Okay.
You talk as much as you want.
Why thank you.
Well, they just have to, they feel obliged to take a shot at somebody, you know.
Usually me and very often George.
Oh, Dave the cop is here now.
Nobody, you see, this is the problem with George being on vacation.
Either one of you guys member Dave the cop?
No.
And his obnoxious, St. Louis Cardinals.
In fact, he closes by saying,
P.S., how about those Cardinals?
Hey Dave, how about that?
Hi Neil, how are you?
Happy birthday.
In any case, I listened to some bubble-headed beach blonde interviewing Rudy Giuliani yesterday.
She asked this, she marked very leading questions.
Then she chimes in after Rudy, baby says that Democratic presidents get tested all the time.
He went on to say that Eisenhower, nor Reagan got tested.
He claims he's afraid for the country with Obama.
The media dimwit, staying on the terrorist topic, then agreed with Rudy and said that Kennedy was also tested with Rudy.
And the Bay of Pigs.
Does this fluency realize that Kennedy prompted the action by which the wave was a flaw?
A flawed plan prepared by Ike?
The Bay of Pigs was not thrust upon him.
When everyone seems to talk about Obama's lack of experience and leading us during trying times,
which hasn't any Democratic spin master shown at Lincoln, a Republican was inaugurated March 1861.
The Civil War started in April 17, 1861, the following month.
Rising to the occasions, what great leaders do?
Kennedy, though he screwed up in Bay of Pigs, certainly proved his medal 18 months later with the Cuba Missile Crisis.
In fact, he did just the opposite of W. Bush almost seemed leader like right after 9-11,
when he soon screwed that up.
Poor leaders will look for a bit and then turn to crap.
They'll look good for a bit.
Maybe Volkabrino will find him a bit.
Do you understand what he just said?
Not real.
Here's one.
Oh, this is a, this is a stirrupal.
It's obviously from the guys across the street.
Neil, please tell Jolly Jobelle to get rid of the mad dog who truly blows and replace him with Dad La Bastille,
and his great interviewer and has a great show on the competitive station.
Also, no more George when you're sick.
He's very intelligent, but his voice is ultra-coma-inducing.
Simply put, he doesn't belong on the ear.
See what I mean about these emails?
People are angry.
Boy, they're just wild.
Wild!
Thank God I'm calm, cool and collected.
Just two days before my 66th frickin' birthday.
God am I old.
Thank, and you know something, thank goodness I haven't become what I always hated about old people and suffer.
I haven't become that, which is nasty and bitter and a hostile and hateful and like that.
Do you drive with your blinker on?
No, I don't. That's good.
And lastly, the Republicans will win Florenta, henceforth, will win the White House as this in Basil,
even though the liberal media is inundated in the general public about how Obama leads intellectual votes up to this point.
It's a guarantee.
Just remember how the right when you stole the last election.
It's Deja Vu Allo, or this is Dave from Aventure. He's got a name.
Deja Vu Allo, or again. Democrats will lose by 12,000 votes. Mark my words.
America ain't ready for no black man to be present.
You know it. Any whether or not you're greater than their member size knows it.
The most racist country on earth, the good old USA, says sour day from Aventure.
Oh my God. A big Dan LaVastard fan. That figures.
Hey, Danny, you LaVastard you. Oh, there's Sarah.
So those are a couple of the missions that we will be on. Can't wait to succeed for all of you.
In Jefferson City, Missouri. Well, she, she, I look at her, I think, Missouri.
There's another mission too that's especially close to my heart.
And that is to help our families who have children with special needs.
Oh, yeah, like that little baby. That's right. That little baby.
The one that they were tossing around like a freaking football.
And the baby. The best time.
You don't have no Rajas.
It's 4.30 o'clock. 60 QAM.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Ever since this presidential race began Live often wondered who was going to win Some palm beach people went to do their voting chore So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more Those folks seem to have one thing in common Looks like lots of them just keep their votes too Patrick you can end
Oh my god, so I declared t own election Yes, I'd like to know who won the election Councillor books, l ч
Count the vote, count the vote, vote, vote, count the vote,
count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote, vote, vote, count the vote.
The final tabulation started coming in.
Then I saw a new splash on Channel 10.
Some angry people altogether were in a bunch.
They said they were confused and didn't know which hold a punch.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes soup.
Patrick Buchanan.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Said I'd like to know who won the election.
Oh, I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote,
all the votes, count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote,
count the vote, count the vote, all the votes, count the vote.
Amen if we push count the vote.
Amen if we're turning man.
Amen if we push count the vote.
I'll be hearing it more.
Count the vote, down cette valve, down cette valve.
All that count the vote.
The man stepped up.
Alan, baby.
