Speaking of Neil Rogers, he's coming up next at 10 o'clock.
Have a great day everybody.
Don't treat!
I'm really surprised by the previous programs.
I think they both get a chance.
Oh, not jerk street again.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Nafth advertisers for age.
Oh my god.
Jerk Jerk.
He's the best.
How about these on the table?
That's why you guys make a great-
You're the sports radio five.
Your favorite.
Double up.
Let's go to the gym.
My M.A. for the Lutterdale.
It's in the ruptured three hours of commercials though.
Is your eyes too much here?
No, no, no.
It's not so much here.
Oh, for some of you.
To talk to Neil.
Dial 5 6 7 0 5 60 in date and run.
Let's hear it in other counties.
No.
Full, full, full, free.
877 885 Neil.
Or pound 5 60 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil.
Oh, sure.
By the way, as you went and endured,
Represent those about the Julian Magies.
He's doing some now.
The Neil Rogers show.
He runs 5 60 W Q AM.
Can be that Gator meets.
Maybe you hear what they say.
It's all next on Mary King's live.
Our next guest was born a boy,
But learned at a very young age
The things weren't as they seemed.
Clayick and his are special guests.
Even generally the gay life is more accepted.
Yeah.
And I'm pretty good at hiding it, I think.
What?
Come on.
Well, I don't really have too much control over that.
I'm kind of a...
You give them a moral and not care about the two?
I get it every time.
Now, let's take a call.
Independence, Missouri.
Hello.
Clay, I've been a fan for a long time.
Can I see your package?
Yeah.
Oh, on the big one.
It is.
It looks like...
That's ET.
I have no idea how big it was.
Look at this.
Go take a picture.
Can we get a closer?
Yeah.
Whoa.
What's his name?
It's IDT.
It's Joseph Gackie.
Idiot.
Joseph Gackie.
Stuck, so okay.
As long with yous.
10-0-1 at 5 60 WQ AM.
It's really ashamed that George is out pretending to be sick today
because I've got a scratchy throat all night long.
I couldn't breathe.
How it is when you're getting...
I'm diverging in your cold.
Yep.
And if I would have called in sick today,
that is said,
Well, you took Friday off.
See, Friday was my Jew holiday day off.
That was set up days ahead of time.
Am I right?
Sure.
You know, I don't take off on Yom Kipper,
which is tomorrow night at Sundan.
I don't take off on Russia Shona or any of the other Jew holidays.
So every year I take one day and that's my Yom Kipper.
So that was Friday.
That wasn't the pretending to be sick.
George, on the other hand,
that calls other people.
He didn't send me any message.
Now he just called me.
He called me like 20 minutes,
but like after eight o'clock,
he called up free,
who sounds like he's on helium.
Well, not that much helium.
And then he sent the fatso of my message,
fat Chris.
Correct.
I call you or send you a message.
No, just send me a message.
Oh, I'm going to send you old man.
I mean, he never sent me no message.
And that's because I know he's screwing off today.
Probably too much drugs again.
Too much drugs and too much just screwing around.
Too much strange.
Too much drugs and too much strange.
Here's the key.
Why did you go see Lieberman speak today?
Now you're going to be talking like this the whole show.
I hope not.
You sound like many miles on acid.
I just don't know what your story is.
I mean, I met you when I came down to Gulfstream
and it seemed like a real guy,
but on the area you sound, I don't know.
Doesn't he sound a little strange, Chris?
I mean, sounds normal to me,
but I mean, I talked to him every day.
Normal.
I'll try to put you up.
OK.
What's your take on the OJ conviction
that was our poll for yesterday, such as it was?
220 votes, not bad.
Great.
Better late than never, 877.
Fry that son of a bitch.
72% said great.
Don't care.
226.
They have OJ burn out.
OJ got screwed.
93, which you can be sure that most of those votes
came from inside this building and across the street.
Maybe screw-and voted about 50 times.
And who's OJ 24?
Who's OJ?
Maybe it was OJ McDuffie, do you think?
Would be well deserved in his case.
Talk about a lung kid.
Oh, nevertheless.
I heard Joe Rose sucking up to him.
Was it today or I heard a whole 45 minutes of that crap,
because there was nobody there.
And I'm waiting and waiting for George to show up
from finally 9 o'clock.
Here's Fat Chris.
And I said, well, what's the big story
with your big meeting with Clarence Estadam?
Sure, the world is waiting on the edge of their seats
to hear what it was.
Well, it wasn't really any meeting.
Nothing.
Well, what does that mean?
Nothing.
I walked in and he said, all right,
we'll be starting to fest up.
He admitted he was an idiot.
And there's a lot of kids.
You know how childish all of this is?
How juvenile it is?
How?
It's like the kind of stuff that goes on in a kindergarten
with a bunch of kids sitting in a sandbox
with a pale on a shovel.
Only in this case, there's a pale on a shovel,
but it's not sand.
It begins with an S.
Yeah, and so.
And that was it.
I just walked in there and he's like, well,
I need to hear anything from you.
Beast already admitted to everything.
He said he's going to apologize.
And I said, yeah, I got an email.
He said, okay, well, he's like, you know,
then I guess what we got out of this?
We have to communicate better.
And that was pretty much it.
Oh.
And you believe that?
Did I say that from the beast and his boyfriend, Clarence?
Oh, I haven't actually talked to the beast.
I mean, I had someone overgrown child, Darro.
I was here all day yesterday and Beast was here too,
but he never actually came over and said anything to me.
Now, Flea was telling me before the show
that he worked for Johnny Joe Bell.
And where was it in Fort Myers?
Yeah, Fort Myers.
And was it the same circus, the same kindergarten there?
Was it more like a radio station?
No, it was more like a radio station.
Oh.
As opposed to this.
Okay, here's today's poll.
See, he's not going to say anything because he didn't want to
give himself in the, he knows what happens to people
that get out of Joe's bad side.
Like the Humper was telling me on Saturday.
Indiana.
Oh, McCain's got a five-point lead in Indiana.
Well, that figure is North Carolina's flat foot tie.
And one poll shows Obama eight points ahead and no Ohio.
Whoo, eight points.
They'll fix that.
Yeah, they'll, well, they know how to do it.
No, Ohio, they got a lot of practice.
They'll get a little Kenny Blackwell out there with the
bad machine on New Hampshire.
Obama 53 McCain 45 eight point lead in New Hampshire,
which was thought to be up for grabs.
They're grabbing it big debate tonight.
You guys going to be watching the debate?
Not North Carolina flat footed tie 49 of peace
in a real red necky right wing state.
Boy, I'll tell you all insane McCain's got real tourists.
I wish they would hold the election like today.
It's Tuesday.
It's four weeks from today.
A month from today is election day and the day before my
birthday.
November five Wisconsin Obama 51 McCain 46.
490 votes on our poll.
What are you shooting for today, fatso?
Five hundred seven.
He's learned his lesson well.
Well, we got no George today.
We got fleece in and talking like a munchkin.
490 votes beside the near Rogers show and I didn't
to make this pull up by the way some imagined of
listener who sent this L.D.
Good old L.D.
Thanks L.D.
Learning disabled.
He's side the near Rogers show what current South Florida
institution will you miss most when it finally
disappears.
Public's is just destroying the competition.
I don't think public's is going to disappear.
In any way, I don't want anywhere anytime.
Public's is great 160 for public's.
Public's is great and it's clean.
I don't want to mention any other stories, but you know what
I mean?
Public's was 60 the Florida Panthers NHL team 41.
What a joke that is I voted for that just because I thought
I'd be the only vote.
Not that I really care.
It's such it's so out of place.
It would be like selling a halva in no Alaska.
Maybe that's what Sarah can do after the election.
She can open up a halva stand in Alaska.
You see with science and planetarium and coconut grow 40.
Is Miss Horkheimer still with the planetarium?
Thank you.
I started up 30 now it's down 56.
I sure hope we don't have another blood bath like yesterday.
I want to preside over that.
God.
Pizza law 33 C Query M 30 Joe Stone Crab's 26 Wind Dixie 20 the
bird bowl 17.
Base side marketplace 16.
Dania and Miami Highlight 16.
Why they're lumped together.
I have no idea, but L.D.
That's what he done called a racetrack 13.
Love 94 13.
What what what does that mean?
That's the only radio station that's on his list.
Why love 94?
I know, but I heard that was going away.
Is it that's the rumor?
Well, start some rumors.
You you got your antennae out all over the market.
Start some rumors.
Yep, they said that one might be going away.
Oh and Brian Schmutz is no longer with us is what the fleet
told me to Brian Schmutz.
A sales hole from hell when he was here the first time.
He actually sold my show.
Then he got married and he disappeared and he went off somewhere
else.
I remember where the hell he went was a cheap channel somewhere.
And he came back and turned into a real a hole and now he's gone.
And once they're gone.
Hey, this place.
What?
I mean, we have to cross out his eyes again on that big picture.
Yeah, that's right.
Cross out his picture on that big thing on a wall.
Who's left on there?
Todd Dreck.
I'm trying to remember it.
You have fat boy on there long gone.
Thank God.
You got Todd.
You got Georgia Beasley.
Georgia Beasley is on that picture.
I don't know.
Not on the picture now.
What is wrong with you, man?
Maybe now I know why you talk like a lunch.
What?
He might actually be about the only one left on that picture.
His time.
Dreck.
Yeah, who lives up to his name.
Oh, PD.
PD Lenny.
He ain't with us no more.
He's across the hall.
Oh, yeah.
And stay out of our studio.
PD Lenny, you maniac.
You lunatic.
Go dovon and show.
Do something constructive.
Love 94 13 and then flea.
Rua starts a rumor that they're on a way out.
Iliana Rosanna, Dan Attain, books in books.
Ten the parachungal 10 the festival flea market nine Tony
cigarette oh nine.
Oh, yeah, he belongs in institution and Bob Mears got eight.
Alan's drugstore in South Miami where they have those great
bananas splits and other fountain goodies.
Seven.
That's a great place.
It's red.
What is it?
Red and bird.
No idea.
Would you live in Dave County?
What kind of what are you?
Some kind of a communist?
Yeah, that's red and bird.
Yeah, red and bird.
Monkey jungle five and faguer dog track has got a pair out of the first 500 votes.
See we made 500 now we can go home.
I see.
But you're missing a big one about the Marlins.
When I don't get there's a deal of added on there the Florida Marlins.
The Marlins.
You got to say it right like Joe says the Marlins.
And the Daphns the Daphns and the Marlins.
By the way in case you're missing out on the sports stuff right now there's a hundred
other stations doing sports in South Florida.
So don't get start throwing stuff at the radio.
Oh, we thought this was sports radio.
It's I heard Joe talking to all sports all sports all sports.
You hear that?
No, I heard way too much of that show this morning because you came in at nine o'clock
and because George is screwing off today.
I mean, I don't be regiment occasional day off because Scott only knows he, you know,
he fills the void for me like last Friday.
But last Friday was my anti-religion day.
What's his excuse today?
He didn't even have an excuse.
Did he?
Please said he thinks George is screwing off today.
Is that what you said?
Yeah, pretty much.
Oh, what a slacker.
He's always called me.
Oh, you slacker.
Slacker.
What's his excuse to be said?
All the drugs and all the strange ass.
Strange ass.
That's it.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
There are no portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission
of WQAM, the broadcast group, incorporated.
Sports radio is what the Q4UAM.
That's a good one.
Excuse me, sir.
I'm with 560 WQAM.
I'd like to know, are you a sport hole?
Yeah, damn, Radda.
What's your opinion?
I mean, what's your take?
On the recent changes at WQAM.
Well, I'm glad that old Fag has gone because I want to hear sports all day.
You know, just real men talking all day about men.
Now, I know they got that Cuban filler.
He's filling in, but he talks too much about women, you know.
He's a straight guy.
But I want to hear other men, old, go-other men's firm butts and tight lines.
Well, that's what sports is all about, buddy.
Oh, there's Sarah and Jacksonville a perfect place.
Some idiots sends me an email this morning.
By the way, it's neilitnearodges.com for all your persprications emails.
Oh, oh, quick picking on Sarah.
You hate women, obviously.
You fag, you hate women.
Yeah, that must be the reason, huh?
That's why most women with a brain larger than their pinky, they hate her too.
But beside that,
they love her in Jacksonville, though.
Optimistic vision.
Oh, yeah, she's doing it.
Sarah, Sarah the Nazi lady, she'd make Abe a brown, very proud.
I'll give her into you that.
Here's the fact it says, is Matt Roth or the Miami Dolphins related in any way to
Hyman Roth of Godfather fame?
What do you think?
I would say no.
I think if Matt goes like that every now and then, he probably inherited from Hyman.
Myrlandski, well, I tell you one thing, Miami sure makes the same since myrlandski croaked.
That's long before your time, flea.
We used to have myrlandski in the beach.
Myrlandski, the Mafia, you don't know myrlandski?
Nope.
What kind of a Jew are you anyway?
Very bad.
You don't know your Jewish mobsters?
I don't know my Jewish holidays.
I don't know anything.
How about tomorrow night at sundown?
You're going to be a fasting for your own keeper?
If I fasting, you mean eating a lot?
Yes.
Several bacon cheeseburgers.
Exactly.
Maybe some of the other ones.
Mickey D's Ainessburgers with bacon and cheddar.
Boy, two bad you guys can't have those.
They're great.
I don't want to make you feel bad about it, but too bad.
Uh-huh.
They're great.
I'm telling you that.
I'm not saying it.
You know, you're just rubbing it in your eyes.
They're out standing.
It's by far and away the best thing that they've ever offered to pubic.
Ainessburger with bacon and cheddar.
Man, I'm at pastry bun.
Is that what they call it?
A pastry?
Some funky kind of bun.
It's good.
Now for the list, I'm sure we're going to be a lot of additions to this poll today,
which institution in South Florida will you miss most once it's gone?
Because once it's gone, it don't come back.
How about shorties barbecues and Frankie's pizza?
Hey, I would go.
Huh?
Shorties is good.
Yeah, shorties barbecues are good.
When Frankie's pizza, I don't even know what that is.
You don't know where that is?
Nope.
Never heard of it.
You're here, roughly?
No, I've never heard of that.
No, so then forget that.
But shorties barbecues, of course.
They built the whole metro rail so people could go to shorties.
Exactly.
They spend a billion dollars of taxpayer money so that everybody could go to shorties,
or to Hialeah, which nobody wants to go to Hialeah.
Oh, and also, Hank and I were discussing that thing.
Remember last week I had the article about the casino gambling.
They want the full casino when they're starting the campaign again in the ADIA.
And the fountain blue is one of the places that have enough hotel rooms on the beach.
And also they're talking Hialeah racetrack
as a site for a casino.
Anybody want to go to Hialeah?
No, no.
Oh my god.
I wonder if three years I was enough.
Thank you, by the way, John Brunetti, for what you did to Hialeah racetrack.
Oh my god.
Even the flamingos flew away.
They couldn't stand him no more.
Once they put in the green weenies, you know, it was one thing when Bob Prince had the green weenies
and Pittsburgh, or for the Pirates, you know, it was a gimmick.
It was great.
But green weenies at the hot dollar stands.
Sorry, sorry, mister.
I don't want to think if I see a green weenie, I scream and run the other way.
Got a new radio station coming in South Florida.
And how come you're not on top of this flee?
I missed that one.
Salem Media, which I never heard of them.
Did you ever hear them?
No, I have not.
Gets its newest radio station, WZAB 880,
the Biz and all business station.
The baby does.
What?
It should be us.
Do you hear what he just said?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is our promotions guy.
This is John Lee Joe Bell's close personal asset.
A rass wife.
What would it mean it should be us?
Why is that?
Are you knocking QAM?
We could get better.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, woo!
The Biz adds to Salem's Mime roster of stations that includes WMCU 1080A,
which I never heard of, and WKAT 1360A,
all of them can be public melodies all day long.
Joe D. Davis, president of Salem's radio division states,
encouraged by the success of our business formatted KDOW and San Francisco,
identified Mime is another market where we expect this increasingly popular
format to be successful.
Everyone is concerned about their jobs, their money and their future.
What job and what money?
Schools for children in Afghanistan.
This dynamic body of time, the content speaks to those concerns and provides huge opportunity
for advertisers and for Mime Metro.
Oh, what a lunatic.
Tony Katel, I could never say this guy's name.
Kalatayud.
Is that his name?
Sure.
No, we've heard his name before.
He's a radio drifter.
General manager adds we are thrilled on commencing the only business station in South Florida.
In this day and age, financial news affects all people of all walks in a direct fashion.
Information in these challenging times is key, and nobody else on the radio dial will be able to keep
South Florida veteran formed in the biz.
They're going to give us the business 880 AM doesn't say when they start.
Just as Salem media starts a new radio station.
Just what we need is about another 15-20 radio station.
Wouldn't that be good on the AM dial?
So that every five kilocycles, there's another station.
770, 775, 780, 780 like that.
So that they all bleed over onto each other.
Of course, when they're all east like 250 wants like the light bulb.
Here's one from Oya and I neglected to mention this yesterday.
Sorry, I just couldn't let this pass, but if you heard that clip that CNN, MSNBC, Fox, keep playing where McCain's
commenting on his running mate, hey, what about Sarah last night?
Have you seen that clip?
Or you keep still having it?
No.
If you play the sound back with McCain's voice and then play a soundtrack from Mars attacks,
I swear you can't tell McCain's voice from the Martians it says.
PS, FYI, I'm in Hollywood east side where all the frogs migrate in the winter time.
Yeah, that's quite a clip.
How about Sarah last night?
Look at a crazy person which of course, he is.
Rhymes with insane McCain.
How are we doing on Fat Chris's pole here?
531.
Could you give me a look a second to get on there?
There wasn't asking you.
Oh, I only got 530.
You're behind the times brother.
531, like I said.
Shorty's got a vote.
Marlins got 4 vote.
The Marlins.
See, the Panthers are in second place on here because they know that it won't be too long
and they'll be long gone.
But will they really be missed though?
Can't complain about the interest in the Panthers because there is none.
Look at these Yehoo's standing behind Sarah.
They're in Jacksonville.
She's on a rally in Jacksonville.
All them good old red necks are.
Look at that trailer trash bitch standing behind Sarah.
And like I said, look at that trailer trash bitch standing behind the trailer trash.
God.
What are these?
Oh, it just nauseating.
Oh, that's right.
You hate women.
That must be it.
You hate women.
Give Sarah a chance.
Quit picking on poor Sarah.
That's right.
She's a hockey mom from Alaska.
She is dangerous as what she is.
And they're going to use her to do the old smear and smear.
What?
The last act of desperation is when they pull out the smear and smear heavy duty.
And that's what they're doing now.
Oh, that's the biggest subject.
We don't want to talk about the economy because we don't have a machine.
Don't even understand that.
He doesn't know what it's all about.
And by the way, here's the earliest poll stuff.
You want to hear our poll stuff?
Sure.
You don't care.
All you care about is that the beast is an A-hole.
Huh?
That's all you care about is you want to get his fat ass fired.
Not on.
Yeah, you do.
Not on.
If Claret's came to you right now and said, which of course it's silly, you know, he wouldn't do it.
Should I fire the beast over what he did to you this weekend with the Don Bailey Jr.?
You'd say you bet.
Fire his fat ass right now.
Of course I say, well, do I get the money he makes?
That's right.
I'm sure he's making more than you are.
Oh, I'm sure.
Because his fat head is up to right ass.
So yours is not my bet.
Just have to hold your breath and stick your head all the way in there all the way up to your neck.
Right up Clarence's ass, all the way up to your neck.
No, thank you.
Here's the schedule for today.
By the way, the big O who hangs this shouldn't be.
And also Flea was ripping her out of Bogo before the show today.
Two to four this afternoon, the big O.
Rock solid.
Flea said just an abortion.
No, no, no, would you say?
Yes.
Jim Manage had circuit city four to seven.
With Dan Marino.
What?
With Dan Marino.
Haven't we had enough of Danny Boy already?
Never can.
You can never get enough Marino.
Take a couple of years off, Danny.
Okay, just go away.
Go in a broom closet for a couple of years.
Give us a rest.
It's offence tonight, 708.
The D.A. show, eight to nine.
No, that's eight to eleven.
That was when we were going to have the Dodgers and Cubs.
How about those Cubbies, huh?
Roll up that bandwagon.
Get with you, Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Bink.
Fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
Weekly morning, seven to ten.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Bink.
Sport.
Leader.
New.
Good.
George Michael screwed up again.
You're fairly.
A arrested, four-pot and cocaine.
The bearded freak is lost in brains.
He's always on the bloody train.
If my truck's in it is men.
Who he pays to do dirty things.
In bathrooms, dolls with dingolings.
That's the way that he swings.
You're fairly.
He can't help himself.
Customs find his wealth.
He acts like a tug out on the streets.
He wants us to forgive.
He's self-destructive.
He's from the role they role one of.
And I'll hold their name.
He's pleased.
And it happened once again.
He could find up in the pen.
He'll be surrounded by men.
He could go away for five to ten.
George, your pop and your clenias are banned.
Followed by two dyes of pain.
Just like when you were in wind.
George, he just keeps firing up his form.
Even though he knows it is wrong.
Just like a spoke of God of Thong.
Always in trouble.
The guy with double.
If he's not careful, he'll wind up dead.
He needs a brother.
Oh, one good lover.
He keeps him up the joke.
He is not a big co-head.
Nobody fires up his form.
Even though he knows it is wrong.
Just like a spoke of God of Thong.
That's the end of our song.
Good.
It's a 1032 at 560 WQAM.
So the big O is taking a lot of heat from everybody.
Hank said that he's in a board of just horrendous and doesn't belong to your once.
Flea went way beyond that.
I can't even repeat the things on your flea said about that show.
What?
No, nothing.
You said it, right?
Absolutely.
Well, there you go.
See, one thing about Flea, man, he doesn't pull his punches.
He doesn't rip somebody and ask off the ear.
And then when I out, you know, out the comments on ear, like back away from her,
like George does all the time.
Now, Chris is aware that George does that all the time, right?
Occasionally.
Then I claim that I put words in his mouth.
Oh, you did do that.
Well, I enjoy that because he, you know,
he gets very defensive and psychotic about it.
It brings me great pleasure and joy.
Brian asks, dead or alive in an email here that's worthy of wiping my ass with.
Ernie Sochin.
Ernie is still alive and looking for a sock.
I believe.
Craig Worthing is still alive.
That rich very much still dead.
Lee Fowler, very, very dead.
Not even Luke Warm.
Greg Budell alive, but might as well be dead.
Don Cox is still dead.
Bill Tanner alive.
Ron St. John alive, I believe, and Greg Fede alive.
He's still alive.
I mean, what kind of a list of people is that?
You know, I don't know how did fat rich make that list?
I guess what Brian is trying to say is,
I have no lie.
Yeah, that's obvious.
542 votes.
In fact, Chris's poll, he's pretty pumped about it.
Beside the near Roger show, what current South Florida institution where you miss most
when it finally disappears, public's 172.
Florida Panthers 43.
The Panthers.
Museum of Science and Planetarium in the Grove 42.
The Pizza Law 34.
Sequoia M32.
Joe Stone Crab's 29.
Windixi 21.
Highly, Dania and Miami 18.
Bird Bowl 17.
Beside Marketplace 17.
Called a racetrack 14.
Love 94.
14 and please said it's on the way out.
What's going to replace it?
I haven't heard that much yet.
Well, who do you hear that from?
People within the Clear Channel Building.
Oh, and the Chief Channel Building.
Oh, it's going to be something of some really cheap format then.
Yeah, I used to work there.
Did you really?
Yeah, I worked for Zeta for like three years.
Oh, I worked for Zeta for one year.
And it's glory day.
And it's glory year.
And then he brought Tim Williams in there.
I have an email here from the fake.
Timmy, I'd rather be a safe number three Williams.
It's cute.
You ever meet Tim Williams?
No, I have not.
More on.
Invisal.
Iliana Rosanna, Dania, late in in 11.
Books in books 11.
The festival flea market 10.
Bob Mayer 10.
Little Bobby.
They ran out of phone books to channels six, four, whatever it is now.
And Bobby disappeared.
You do realize that they used to prop him up on phone books?
Did not know that.
He's about two feet tall.
I mean, here's a munchkin like flea.
Parachute on rule 10.
Tony cigarette oh nine.
A sports a silly sports nerd tried to be a newsman.
Well, I'll tell you Tony, you have just made such an ass out of yourself all these years.
And talk about aging badly.
I don't know how old Tony is, but I look better than he does.
You know what I mean by that?
My face isn't like all wrinkled in my head falling apart.
Like Tony looks like.
Hey, it looks like his head has been through a wood chipper.
Alan's drugstore in South Miami, legendary seven.
And I would need they brought us in banana splits.
They made banana splits while we were on the year at IOD.
See if George were here today, we could reminisce about that.
But George is screwing off today.
Too many bad drugs.
Monkey general seven, maybe his kid is sick or something like that.
Or maybe the wife, you know, the wife, the kid, the dog, the house, the dope.
Florida, Marlins, who got five.
They got that new stadium coming at your expense, folks.
I bet you I hope you're all real happy.
Every day is young kipper when you're playing for the Marlins.
Flagler dog track three and shorties barbecues got appear.
Do you do a better than that when they build a billion dollar metro rail
just to keep people going to shorties?
Why do you think they've been business all this time?
The metro fail.
Last time I was in town, I checked out the metro rail.
There was nobody riding the trains.
It just kept zipping back and forth.
There was nobody on it though.
But very envelopes his clothes according to Brandon and,
well bring him on.
There's a few things he didn't know was close.
Lums.
The last remaining lums on baby road extension is also gone.
He says now that's a shame.
So we can't put that on there because it's already gone.
And once it's gone, it's not coming back.
Lums.
See, George isn't here today so we can reminisce about some of these.
Because he gets all bent out of shape when I do that kind of a show.
Am I right, Chris?
Yep.
Oh, living in the past.
These things are before most of our listeners were born.
Well that's back when we had younger demos, George.
Now it's perfect.
Our demos are death plus ten.
Now that they took the show away and we can't even, you know,
we can't even do a little chuckle on here.
Oh no, Joyce won't like that.
Well since you worked over on the West Coast,
did you ever have any deepings with Joyce?
I guess that was you were there before her time, right?
Yeah, I don't know Joyce.
I actually worked at the station before Beasley bought it and then Beasley bought it.
Oh, now I understand.
So how did Jolly to a Belgaet involved with Beasley?
Well he came in from, I guess, North Carolina after Beasley bought the station.
Oh, nothing could have been finer than to keep him in Carolina.
And is that when it started going in the toilet when they brought him in?
No, actually we were number one, eighteen and thirty-four.
Wow.
But like you said before, he didn't know a squad about the format so he kept his nose out of it.
Oh that's right, I shouldn't have repeated that on the ear.
Oh that's okay.
It was alternative rock which he didn't really know about and I did so it worked.
Well then why did they bring him in?
Because it's the Beasley, it's the Beasley F and why is that it?
He's a good money man.
Aha.
A good money man, that's right.
Cut everybody's salary by ninety percent, fire half the staff.
And look at that, we're making money.
We got no numbers left.
We got no audience but boy, look at that.
Looky, looky, looky, here comes cookie.
Renewer used to say that and I still don't know why.
Timmy Williams, a fake Timmy Williams says I will miss green two tulleos lying down in the middle of the road every time a cube can get some speeding ticket and every time a black person isn't sent back to Haiti even if they're not Haitian.
And it's signed, Timmy, I'd rather be a safe number three Williams.
Can you imagine a general manager of a radio station who just happened to be the son of the son-in-law of the owner at INZ sitting me down and saying I'd rather be a safe number three meal than being number one.
It's too risky being number one.
Can you imagine that?
No, that's crazy talking.
That's Tim Williams, man.
And then on IOD when I started when I went over there and I stood ripping him on the air he would call up Disney.
Oh, call him off, tell him to stop ripping me.
My kids listen to the show and they go to school and kid other kids are ripping them and ask too bad.
You're on moron Tim and imbicill.
Rather be a safe number three.
How about a safe number thirty five?
That sounds really good.
And when's the last time by the way that Zeta was number three?
Well, in fact Zeta didn't even, what is it now?
Now it's a mega.
What is it?
Mega 94.9.
Mega, oh yes, mega moratio.
Yeah, smell the wrong way up here.
Like what was it?
The best talent.
You know what this means?
All right.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Mandish.
Afternoons, four to seven.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
You're a bastard.
On the streets of heavily Jewish Miami Beach,
Lansky became an elder statesman, a living legend.
The most proudest Jews in the world in Miami Beach are the holiest people to whom God is everything.
Even God wasn't close to my Lansky.
So are they so my Lansky forget about God?
Disch was God.
He used to worship him, follow him, look.
If you walked on the street, they would talk about how slow he walked how fast.
Then he'd have a dog, a cow, a horse, and he'd say, down, get up, but tied once.
And we're in this little deli down in Miami Beach.
And these two young boys came up with Yamagazana and they were kind of looking at my graph.
And I was kind of standing on the background.
And they came up and said, Mr. Lansky, we'd like to get your autograph.
And he kind of looks out and says, I'm serious, laying down my graph.
And he goes, what did I do when I came to the award?
And he said, well, we figured it would be worth some money some day, Mr. Lansky.
And he said, no, son, I don't say a lot of graphs.
Oh, excuse me.
I played that for a flea's benefit because he doesn't know who my Lansky was.
Now it's come back to me.
Yeah, you're full of crap.
How could anybody over the age of 10 not know who my Lansky was?
And I even interviewed Mario Puzo.
Yeah.
Then you watched Godfather too?
Absolutely.
And who do you think Hymn Roth was patterned after?
Who is that character supposed to be?
I'm guessing him.
Who is there in the casino business in Havana?
The hotel's here.
Yeah, the, the, but nevertheless, see, he learns something every day.
Hymn Roth, my ass.
Here's somebody who doesn't understand the poll.
I guess now the ground round is long gone.
I'm assuming, right?
I have no idea.
And I Googled it.
It's in somewhere, Toledo or someplace like that.
And it's a franchise, but the chain.
But the ground round in Miami, I believe, is long gone.
It says, good morning.
I remember this place as a kid.
Rob and Logan.
Rob, the question isn't what, you know, we've done that a million times.
What restaurant that's long gone?
Did you miss the question is what current institution will you miss when it disappears?
You got it, Rob?
Now I could be wrong about that.
The ground round, I think, is long gone.
The ground round.
A couple of, oh yeah.
They all want to know that I see Keith over my last night.
It was great.
Yes, I did see it.
And it was great.
And his comment about Sarah Pellan at the end was great too.
It was sensational.
Nice going, Keith.
Eddie in Miami.
Eddie says.
Frankie's piece has been around.
Who was that on the bat line?
You didn't grab it in time?
No, I went to pick it up.
And I think it was Pete the law guy.
Jeff Cohen.
What does he want?
To say hello, he called the other thing.
I'm like, dude, you're calling one line.
He's like, oh yeah, that's right.
Oh, I'm bringing it again.
Oh, grab it.
You don't want it?
I'll grab it.
That line. Hello.
They're right.
You're right.
It's the way that I'm.
Why?
At WIOC, when you used to make a calling,
can you hear me?
Why do you keep talking when I start saying something?
I didn't hear you talking.
No, because you don't shut up.
You gave rumor too many free meals.
That's your problem.
I was just excited to talk to you again.
I couldn't stop.
Do you remember the guy who's out of the Thai place?
Yeah.
Okay.
Why would be on the other side of town and you would call
and they need to go there, get it and bring it to you?
I didn't make you do anything.
No, giving this so on and it has made you go there.
You went and got it because you were busy sucking around
to promote your business, which worked out very well.
Exactly.
That's good.
So you let's do that.
I sounded that other the other way.
Yeah.
So how's the ends?
Pretty good.
Working hard.
I've got to work a lot more hours than I used to to make up
for the economy.
We still do our business and all that.
But you know, I'm working a lot more hours to make it happen.
I bet you're since the members moved to Columbus,
you're making a lot more profit.
That's true.
That's true.
He used to call once in a while when he was in town
and lately I have not heard of work.
Oh, kiss the ground, man.
Are you lucky?
You're the lucky one.
All right.
Well, how about those dolphins, man?
I mean, is this your name from the ponytail?
What's that?
I said, have a great day.
You too, dude.
Zag is on.
Happy New Year.
See you soon.
See you soon.
See you soon.
Fast my ass.
Okay.
Eddie and Miami says,
Frankie's pizza has been around since the 50s on bird road
and approximately Southwest 92nd Avenue.
Their pizza is made in small square slices and is very good.
It's a Miami original, very close to Arbiter's hot dogs.
Whoa.
I don't think I ever had an Arbiter hot dog.
Did you?
I think so, yeah.
You did?
Well, of course, if it's in the food line, as they say,
then you had it.
How much of a flea never had Arbiter?
It's probably never heard of it either.
Never heard of it.
And you've never heard of Meyer Lansky?
Sure is.
I'll never heard of Arbiter's.
Now, where are you from originally?
Tampa.
Oh!
Oh, my God.
Talk about a Goyish Apparitice.
Him and Cordis get together on Sundays and watch the Tampa Bay box holding it.
Oh, tell him I'm going to send this check out one of these days very soon.
I'll tell you not to send him the check out.
Okay.
No, I didn't say that.
It's just that I never think about it.
Like today at two o'clock, I had a run out of here because I'm going with my cabbie today.
Yesterday I drove to Woodbine, made a little profit yesterday.
I'm not going to tell you how much.
You're reading taxes right here.
Yeah.
Right.
What a joke.
These people with no lives out there really cracked me up.
I have no life.
And anyway, what was I about to say?
Oh, I got a busy schedule, man.
Busy, busy schedule.
So I don't have time to have a baby tonight when I get back with all those millions of dollars.
I'm going to win today.
Maybe I'll sit down and write a check.
Tell them when you see Cordis tell them get a check.
Get a check.
All right.
It's coming from Joe Dodgeola is going to sit into him.
Chronic Ralph says, did you happen to see the special commentary on Keith?
I mean, yes, I did.
I just got through saying that chronic Ralph.
But a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep.
Did you see that?
Yeah, it was great.
And then somebody suggested I should play it on the year.
No.
No, I don't have.
First of all, I didn't tape it.
And if you want Keith, Obermann's special commentary, you can find it online.
Number one, and number two, watch this show.
Countdown, eight to nine.
Ten to eleven.
One to two in the morning.
It's not about a hundred times a night.
And then that bitch is on with the pasty face.
Rachel.
I don't care.
All you people are trying to push her on me and on anybody else.
She's horrible.
She is a weak Keith Obermann wannabe.
She's like an appendage.
Somebody tell that dyke to put on just a little, I mean, is it a dyke thing that they have to look as grotesque as they can?
I mean, she's not an ugly person, whatever she is.
But she doesn't make her, she doesn't pray.
I wouldn't have people and make up look at her and say, boy, you look very pasty and plain.
Like plain Jane.
You look like a dyke.
I think the same with Fat Rosio Donald.
I guess there's no way to dial her ass up.
You know, she's no matter what they stick on her that she's going to look like.
Maybe a paper sack would be good.
I think she's getting a new show again, I think.
Who Rosie thinks of?
Oh my god.
Are you smitten me?
She's on a news gun in the other day and I couldn't flip fast enough before they start talking about it.
You know, she is.
She reminds me of Bill Mar.
Because most of what she says, I agree with 100%.
Most of it.
Same with Bill Mar.
And they both just make me sick to my stomach.
You know what I mean?
I wish that somebody like somewhat human would be saying those things as opposed to her.
And Bill Mar, he's just a twerp.
Who laughs at his own material.
He just, he is so full of himself, man, and full of something else too.
So, Clem says.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh, wait till you see Clem's phoney last name.
Can I spell it?
No, you can't.
You know what it is?
How do you know?
Because when it says it's on, he calls.
He's one of the old Rick and Suds people apparently.
Well, what does that mean?
So, how do you know what his last name is?
Because they've hinted at it on the air.
And then when I answer the phone, he's like, hey, this is Clem.
I'm like, okay, just make sure you don't tell that to him.
I was like, oh, no, no, I know, I know.
That's not his last name.
I know, but that's what he goes by.
Clem, T-Y-R-E-P-H-U.
Well, I'm not going to read the rest.
Yeah.
Anyway, he says pizza is the 91st avenue and the bird road,
Frankies, about two blocks east of bird bull.
Build as the world's finest Italian pizza.
Frankies have been serving freshly baked pizza
and thousands of oil customers for 50 years.
Frankies named after its founder, Frank B. Pascarella,
is by far Miami's oldest pizza shop.
Wow.
Uh-huh.
And what's the place they used to bring us to pizza
at IOD, George O.S., or I'd George A.N. here today?
In the Miami on 79th Street, which, uh...
I'm sure he's listening. He'll chime in on it.
No, he will not. He's not listening.
And he will not chime in. He's not getting late or something.
You're doing the drugs. He's crawling around on his hands
and he's on the floor puking his guts out again.
You know, he's a good one to make fun of, uh...
of what's his name?
Who is a friendly, uh...
Hispanic board op.
Hola.
Carlos?
Carlos, freaky, Carla. No, not freaky.
I'm freaky, Carlos. He's a good one to make fun of him.
Crawling around on the floor,
foaming at the mouth, puking their guts out.
All these drugies, man.
Throogs. Now, that's the one that, uh...
That's the one he found under the overpass.
What?
And for L is here for that one,
and he like started freaking out at some point,
trying to give him mouth to mouth or something.
I don't know.
Maybe he just liked him. I don't know.
584 votes on the poll.
And Fat Chris has set a goal, 750 for today.
587.
FatwareDogtracks got three.
The elbow room, which we didn't even mention at Scott's 6,
is the elbow room still there? I think it's gone.
Still there?
It is. Still there?
Yep.
In fart Lauderdale?
See.
The elbow room. Oh, I tell you another place that's like a legendary,
which a normal can't and all the other queens eat there all the time.
What's the restaurant there on Los Olas?
The breakfast place.
No idea.
Oh, come on. Are you crazy?
I don't live in the Fort Lauderdale area, so, you know.
Chris Flea, that leaves him out, because he's a newcomer.
He didn't even know Maira Lansky.
You know how embarrassing that is?
I feel ashamed.
That would be like saying, oh, Abe Lincoln, who's that?
And especially being Jewish.
He's not a total Jew, though.
Who's actually here that he's the only Jew in the building of the day.
Let me tell you this.
If he was a real Jew, Joe Bell sure as hell wouldn't have brought him in.
Oh, you got a point there.
Hank and I were talking about that Saturday.
About like the first 11 people that got tossed out of there when Joe Bell came in.
All Jews.
All Jews.
And then when he started bringing the cross on the front lawn,
I thought that was just a little bit over the top.
You know, I could be wrong, but.
Little carried away there, jolly, Joe, you fat ass, you fool.
Now what's the name of that place?
I'm thinking of the, um, oh, somebody will send me an email right away.
It's like a, like a diner.
It's a famous breakfast place where all the queens eat in Fort Lauderdale.
Long as solos.
You don't know?
I have no idea.
Norma can't can be seen there eating and greeting.
So watch this on my text and ask him.
And chasing runaways.
What?
Watch this on him.
Text and ask him.
Lehman brother CEO attacked a gym and knocked out cold.
Good.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Former Lehman CEO Richard Fould was attacked and knocked out while on the treadmill the day after announcing Lehman to go on bust.
That's a great story.
From two very senior sources, one incredibly senior source, then he went to the gym after Lehman was announced as going under.
He was on a treadmill with a heart monitor on.
Someone was in the corner pumping air and walked over and knocked him out cold.
And frankly, after having watched this, I'd have done the same too, says whoever wrote this.
It's about time these corporate thugs suffered some kind of punishment for running their companies into the ground at taxpayer expense, then walking away with millions.
Excellent.
Anybody tell me the name of the place?
Oh, Flores.
Thank you so much.
Flores, of course.
Oh, Klem again.
Tyra.
Tyra man.
Thank you, Klem.
He's okay.
My book. Klem.
He's got a funky name.
What's the name of the place in Fort Lauderdale?
I don't know.
I don't see it.
Well, here's something about gloves 94.
I wonder if the bird's favorite person Irene Richards is going to shed a tear about gloves 94 going away.
Since Greg butyl is still alive, maybe he'll give you a call to talk about the old days.
I hope not.
My favorite show the bird ever did was when he had Vudelle Doncox and Bill Tanner in the studio.
This was an IOD when you were on vacation.
I believe Johnny Dark said it in the show.
I love the stories they had to tell.
I'm sure Tanner held back a few.
I would imagine.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't hit me in your projects.
Fort regular five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Are you sure you're listening to sports radio five sixty WQAM.
My Miami Fort Lauderdale.
This is the neo-Rodger show.
Soep toep toep toep toep toep.
Soep toep toep toep toep toep toep toep.
Brane.
Soep toep toep toep toep toep.
Any questions.
Hang up on the Alive Bed Gimmel Network.
It's the end of the year's spectacular that everyone's stressing about.
Dick Clark's Hebrew New Year's rockin' eaves.
They could buy it a 5768 and help blow the show far off of 5769 with a cast of Jewish stars.
Featuring the Borscht Melt comedy-stylings of Jerry Seinfeld.
What is the deal with Rosasana?
What's the rush?
I host this chick, Rosana.
Sarah Silverman.
What?
Amy Winehouse is in Jewish?
Someone should tell her fate.
Look at my f***.
The Beastie Boy.
So rush, she'll rush, she'll rush, she'll rush.
Yeah.
Boss David Swimmer, Lenny Kravitz, Andy Sandberg, Winona Ryder, and Adam Sandler.
Not a Jewish which is here.
It's the Jewish New Year.
Dick Clark's Hebrew New Year's rockin' eaves.
It's gonna blow your tookus off.
Buddy, are you going to watch something else?
1101 at 560, it's gonna blow your tookus off, he said, tookus.
You can always tell the goyam when they say tookus.
Tookus, just like Jolly Jobelle tookus from the heights of glory to the depths of despair.
That's Jolly Jo.
That's what Flea said.
Well, no Flea said we could do better.
So 8,000 emails about, and half of them were wrong.
Half of them said I was thinking of a Lestus diner.
Okay.
Although that belongs on there.
Lestus diner sure belongs on there, but it was the Floridian.
You guys never heard of the Floridian?
No.
Flea?
No, never heard of it.
Legendary.
We'll get them both on there, please, on our world-fleaming pool.
Lestus diner.
And the people who said Lestus diner, it's Lestus diner, that's it.
No, it's not.
But nevertheless could have been.
But do you think that the queens hang out at Lestus diner?
No.
I don't know.
I haven't been there in a long time.
A long time.
Sal says got back from Asia a month ago.
This wanted to let you know, Sizzler and Shakey's pizza are very big there.
Also, can you get the tape where a student asked McCain?
No, I can't.
Then he's got a good chance of dying in office, and he got all upset as a whole.
He's a grouchy old man that he is.
He'll be dead soon, I would think.
He's got his 80, 80 cancers and all his other plus his grumpiness, you know.
Now this is from Cecilia.
She says, here's a poll suggestion which you can paraphrase any way you want, of course.
Well, thanks, Cecilia.
What is the most embarrassing thing that can happen to you?
A, pooping your pants and having no place to run and or hide while it runs down your leg.
B, audibly ripping a tremendous and stinky fart in a quiet room full of people.
Especially if Joyce is in there.
Can you imagine that?
That would be great.
C, peeing in your pants and having no place to run and or hide while it runs down your leg.
D, being caught masturbating by one or both of your parents.
E, being caught with weird porn, animal, gay, Japanese, fecal fetish, etc.
Fecal fetish.
F, getting your period and messing up your pants in someone's couch.
G, whatever else you come up with.
While I'm here, I would like to ask why a grown man who sounds like a seven-year-old boy is allowed on the radio to talk about ball games.
I feel embarrassed for that fool and I've seen him in person and what a grotesque individual he is.
He has no business being on the air in any market, let alone one more than 30 people.
Not 30 men.
Listening. I'm of course referring to the big...
Oh!
His baby talks spangles his absolutely ass and eye.
I showed him off as soon as I hear his ridiculous voice, but the fact that he's allowed to be on the air is enough to drive me bananas.
Thanks for your time if you want to make fun of my poll suggestion.
On the air, it's fine, I can take it.
Love you, Neal, to see that.
No, it's a good poll.
Don't you think that's a decent poll?
I like that one.
Yeah, what's not to like?
Especially the stinky fart in a room full of choices.
Let's see.
Lestures is great, it's his brain.
And that's true, lestures is great.
605 on your poll.
607.
607, boy, we are smoking it today, man.
George thinks he's doing it.
O Wisconsin, Obama 51, McCain 46, we already said that.
You know, at CNN, they just keep showing the same crap over.
The down was up seven points, by the way.
The Nasdaq's down six and a half.
For those of you who are in the panic.
The panic has subsided for the moment.
New Hampshire Obama with an eight point lead.
Come on, keep them running.
Keep them rolling.
Keep them rolling.
Keep them rolling.
You can do it.
You got the wrong idea about Englai.
After, 종a, a couple eighteen.
German one that was in in October one last year.
It was憶a Jakapska.
one point fifty to forty nine
rock of bomb and now ahead by eight points so widening that margin but this is
what's really significant take a look at this
state of north carolina two thousand and four
president bushby john carry by twelve points that's that's now
even up so that is a pretty dramatic change
two thousand and eight compared to what was happening in two thousand and four
so what is it all mean in terms of the electoral college now what's it all mean
you idiot are going to change from toss up now
to lean democrat first one is Wisconsin that will give Barack Obama 260
electoral votes to john McCain's one hundred and eighty nine we have also
because of current polling and historic trends now put new hamster in the
lean Barack Obama category which gives him two hundred and sixty four to
one hundred and eighty nine electoral votes and because things are so close
in the state of north carolina we're now going to take that from lean
republican lean john McCain to toss up status so that will give Barack
Obama two hundred and sixty four electoral votes to john McCain's one hundred
and seventy four if the election were to be held today now of course we're
let's hold it today and get it over with what do you say
four weeks to wait i don't think i can take four more weeks of this pressure
pressure all
because if if uh... McCain wins i'm leaving the country i'll tell you that right
now
here's a uh... all this is just so sad
good morning you know whenever you do the south photo pulls you really put a
choice on there for those of us who don't live there what gives
what gives
well how can you put a choice on there when it's about some foreign
institutions that you're going to miss if they disappear what what's the other
choice you can we we can always put on their i don't live there
right we could
or like uh... you know we've done that before
but what's the point that's like that's kind of like i hate this pool you know
it's a non-choice
so just sit back and look at it and watch it you know don't feel deprived you
not being left out we know a lot of people listening
or in fact i had an interesting email about that
which i happen to have right here i quite a few emails as matter fact in
that refreshing breath of fresh air that's because they do george was going to
be here today
the george read his emails on here not like on friday when i was out
last Friday he did not know
that's where Chris would know because he wasn't there or don't tell me you're
going to be out missing an action again on friday this week
um... as far as i know yeah
not by my choice
you didn't know when you jump up and down to take a dump on clearance desk
i don't know i made that clear that i would prefer that you know
and he said get out of here what he's why i thought i was just like when
he went to clearance and talked him about the a rejoins and he said you're in
promotions this has to do with programming but out my your own business
is that what he said
something along that line
but what did he say i don't want to miss quote i really don't remember
but i'll use so you're so full of crap
if i remember it and you're the one who said it how the hell could you not
remember i hang out with george too much
yeah too much bad drugs
he told you in essence to mind your own business
basically yes yes
don't worry about rejoins that's programming you're in promotions
so bug off
or f off
or screw off
anyway m says while listening to your show today i heard you request email from
your audience outside the um... state
outside the states
some of your fans might not be listening to show while you're on live so you
never really thought about that
i've heard you time and time again complain about your colors calling your
show going off topic i'd enjoy hearing what some people outside the states
will listen to your show
thought about the oj verdict one of yesterday's topics
but send you an email on our listing time on that topic wouldn't be timely
in other words if they're listening to the archives like later on in the
evening or the next day or like that
maybe this is one reason why you don't receive that much email from your
listeners outside the states
maybe it could could be
thank you neal for letting us download your program it's wonderful to be able
to listen to you and your opinions and keep up to the end events in the
states we might not be able to find reading listening to other news outlets
the only problem is that m
it's a good email but they they don't say where they are
right
well why not are they hiding or something
maybe they didn't think of it is the good stop open to come and
go to crap away if they find out they're listening outside of florida
maybe my or lansky families looking for them yeah maybe my or lansky might
have something to do with him and roth
what about bugs he's seagulled ever hear him yes i have
well how could you hear a bugsy seagull and not have heard of my or lansky
bugs he was in movies
my or lansky was him and roth
did you think that him and roth was just a fictional character not based on
any real person he's not real
is real
good to hear as what he offered them ten million dollars to let them let him
live in israel they said no no tanks he said no we get all the tanks from bush
and the bombs and all the other hussar i what did they want to live in israel
no no you know they didn't he was trying to evade uh... arrest in the states
oh he tried he tried to flee oh sorry he tried to flee to israel then he tried
to flee to uh... south america don't you remember it got father to
same thing with him and roth and michael says oh
nika raga won't take them they won't take them either wherever they were
talking about that was uh...
him and roth beside the near roger show which current south-floor institution
will you miss most when it finally disappears six hundred and twenty one votes
that are flaming pool that that was down twelve and a half points now
got a minus in front of it but it's not the no
ninety nine to go down fifteen points see if i just keep my mouth shut now down
sixteen and a half most overseas markets though gained today in that good news
we stopped the bleeding a little bit today oh thank god
what am i gonna do what am i gonna do my money is gone
see when i go to woodbine i get some entertainment i have a good time i don't
take any money that i can't afford to lose or don't want to lose you know what i
say what is that i'm saying a fool and his money are soon farted that's what i'm
saying the stock market and i've put it this for years is just like gambling
without the entertainment and there are the insiders they got all the they know
what's going to happen they got they got the clue and the rest of us were just
pawns and i'd just like to think with a gas prices the thing with the gas
publics is waiting to pull a hands down your pants
hundred ninety are gonna miss publics it's never gonna go yeah they're never
going anywhere panthers and hL team they'll be the first one to go forty seven
museum of uh science and uh planetarium in the grow 46 joe stone crabs which i never
ate there but many people tell me it's highly overrated thirty five and the pizza
law of Jeff Cohen who called in before for a little self-aggrandizement is up there in the top four
top five with thirty four votes and that's something
mm-hmm for a little Jewish boy that Jeff Cohen did pretty good
thanks to me
fourth leader the sports leader were you drudged back in
nice go on clearance you simple to you idiot you fairy in competent at best
i joined the night's it party they used to call it the gop and i strongly agree with right wing
palaces so this won't be coming for me so i went to the night's it party convention held in the
empire state for nine eleven thank the sodden get their hands of shade and dance on the great
i'm leaving mine come now the bush doctrine as well arrived you see you
feeling if anyone if you can't thank for yourself
what the dog
the entertainment that the night's it party was appropriately Christian and white
there was David Duke and clear channel the brutally green one and Toby green teeth keys
i'm watching oh right now and and culture as well if you don't believe
which is the only one that you should die go to hell
walk them all on your fairy eleven nineteen at five sixty w come we got a much
reviled big oak and over to a cloud why is everybody picking on him
flea think it's your fault no flea started at this morning
it's all me an unmerciful uh big old bashing it was brutal rock solid what his show flat out
hey it's your buddy and you've had tremendous success with those rejoins too
i love the way flea tells me this morning before the show how he he went over clearance his
head he went to his good buddy joe bell about the rejoins and the formatics and the
images see i don't care about the imaging because that's hopeless i mean all they know is from
their jox drabs that that's not the problem the imaging the problem is consistency on the
formatics so we know what the damn rejoin ends that's all i don't care if they say the horse ball
station the sports station uh the sports leader the uh daily leader the uh weekly reader i don't
care what they say just keep it consistent that's all like a real radio station
and the joe bell agreed with you right he did and did nothing
absolutely as we just heard agreed and did nothing that's his uh that's his uh style
where it takes time to get stuff done here so are you sticking up for fat ass jolly joe now just
because you think it's gonna do you some good down the road and maybe we'll get me a raise
yeah oh my god what a sense of humor you got i tried boy you you must be a hang it out with
george too much now besides going to those meals must be smoking some of the same good peyote
yeah jolly joe is going to give you a raise through the roof with the crane
here's an email that says nila here the tyrantonians are cutting the breaks of people who are
liberals that's great yeah that's true there's one neighborhood here where the people who
have got liberal uh party signs on their lawns are getting not only the signs turned turned
down but also their breaks cut wow well you know those right wingers man they tend to get a little
testies if the Canadians elect Harper and the morons here elect Obama i might move to Canada if uh
it wasn't hell on earth for nine months of the year of the morons here elect Obama what
does that mean what kind of nonsense is that and Harper is gonna win but he's not gonna win
majority thank god oh thanks god steven Harper george bush light another not see with a small
cross you know the small swastika he's got it hidden on his back dome of cheek now this don in
New York says and i have no idea what he's talking about subject ps do it do we know what restaurant
he's talking about he said i hadn't been there for seven years as i'm thrilled to say i finally
fled south Florida forever almost three and a half years ago on a dreaded trip back to paradise
we had the displeasure eating there recently and i don't know where there is
ps is that does that stand for some restaurant we know ps or pf ps s is in the schmitt no idea i must say
we both ought to food to take a nose die will not be back well chill down in New York why not tell me
where you're talking about we also have the displeasure to have eaten at one of the only other 24
hour only must be talking about the lester's diner at one of the only other 24 hour diners in
broward peter pan on oakland park boulevard we must add that we will not be back there as well as
the food sucks and the portions were crap let me say it again the food suck and the portions were
i guess they both replaced their kitchen stats with a good old cheap labor from mexico or famous
for doing the crap that the americans won't do well now these establish establishments can add me
as one of the americans who now won't be eating there they're formerly decent but now in an
understandable crap lawyer lester since the early eighties down in new york come on don't
tell us what that first one was i guess he was talking about lester's because then he follows it
up with another diner you think maybe i don't know i mean lester's is still legendary right
well you guys don't even know from lester's so what am i talking uh what do you live flea
aventura oh my god we got two day county yokels uh working here today aventura's like right there
on broward so kid i didn't hear are you kidding me and to me i'm sure like broward aventura is the
epitome of what south beach used to be old jews but i used to live off of griffin roads i lived in
broward for a little bit yeah off of griffin road near where near 95 near i 95 not too far from the
seminoles yeah right down the hood from the uh field actually across the street from the field
great yeah one of our fine restaurants on our neal deal love that please yeah this is awesome
643 votes on chris's marginal pool we're gonna make 800 a day if it's the last thing we do
in fact what we'll do is we'll pre-empt the big o-show and flea and uh fat chris will stay on until we
get 800 votes no that sounds good i won't because it's two o'clock i got i got to be on here i'll have
my shoes my pantalones and my shirt i already got my shirt on because you know what the low was
last night here if sunny it's beautiful it's like a picture postcard the low was just as predicted
plus three thirty eight degrees nice and in outlying areas uh they're predicting they were
predicting some frost last night kind of really frost my ass like hurry would say how those
comes doing huh oh let's jump on that band bag and have it heard from that bozo
oh tomorrow it's going to be all the way up to 59 and Wednesday 66 and Thursday 68
sunny baby it's plus 12 right now and it's just sitting inside here and looking out the window
it's just beautiful like a picture postcard you know what i mean
somebody says for the poll how about Lorenzo's Italian market in North Miami Beach love your show
says Amy thanks Amy what do you think is Lorenzo still there yeah it's still there i did a remote i
didn't appearance there Lorenzo's we didn't do a show there but we did a uh an appearance there
years ago years and years back in the iod days we used to do a lot of stuff back in those days
now of course it's a whole different ballgame thank god we had that big turn out of
Gulfstream you know what for Niels last appearance um that Chris was there you
helped up the free food going back over and over and over again i missed a dessert i had
dessert i like dessert i like the ice cream to me that's the best part of the meal
did you have dessert no i didn't oh he liked Hank in more ways than one not just gigantic but he was
he was so huge the other night at woodbine he was huge his poopic i i've seen condominium smaller
than his poopic and what am i gonna say i mean i was real happy to see him we had a good time we
had some laughs rip joebelly ass he richly deserves talked about boy gary and stuff from the past
gave a good time well what am i gonna say loosen out what would you say what would you say my
god you've gotten gigantic you're gonna die yes no seriously what would you say you're trying to
save his life you wouldn't say anything because us fat folks we don't look at it that way like you're
trying to save our life we look at it like you're taking a cheap shot like you fat pig like like
that you know nobody wants to be called a fat pig even those of us who are right Chris
sure you fat pig what'd you say 11 26 a qa i mean a week after week more and more people are
taking advantage of meals half price deals on wqa m dot com and this week no exception starting
this Thursday you can buy a hundred dollars to difference for just fifty bucks to a noca indian
restaurant and the peacock lounge they're boasting about a new larger location in the heart of
coconut grove a modern atmosphere with a bollywood theme try appetizers like shrimp and lobster nests
or mumbai nachos pieced on fabulous on trays that are an indian spin on american classics like
their famous butter chicken called muckney mergie spice crushed and hanger steak and masala meatloat
they also feature a full bar and bottomless glass of wine every day an oka indian restaurant
in the heart of coconut grove Georgia's eating there by the way said it was fabulous so did you
get to eat their crisps yes place is great there you go for reservations call 786 552 1030 and thanks
to me you'll be able to buy a hundred dollars certificates and have prices fifty bucks starting
at noon this Thursday on most prestigious wqa m dot com the biggest name the best talent
this is no projects 4th radio 560 qa m the fourth leader
the biggest name of best talent the big ol or land do alzogari mornings 5 to 7
rock solid 560 qa m the sports leader i know that the zord even loves neo-rodgers
barak obama middle name who say if you're nominated you'll lose to McCain you have a message
it is filled with hope didn't i read in your book you you'll just smoke dope just you wait until the
big convention all the sober delegates will be mine then all of your supporters will be angry
here how they wine barak obama no you cannot win i'm the only one who can be republicans this campaign feels
like it's never ending people think that i'm out of my mind i'll tell the pundits when i'm nominated
and
yes my behind
oh welcome barak obama middle name who say i'm the only one who can be john the king
i am the war as hukuka choose me
okay one moment please i'm printing a couple of things out okay okay i don't go for that
did air crap but then again it's a qa m and we don't mind did here yeah we do we hate that
air on qa m that's our special you know okay that's especially that was down 41 points no no big
uh timmis no big mtsia anyway done in new york response thank you don't see there's a guy who
actually is listening now now if he were listening on the archives later on he would respond
and then the tomorrow we'd have to say oh guess what he was talking about and people would be saying
huh huh sorry i thought you received my first email telling you the restaurant you're trying to
think i was the Floridian yeah but i received 800 other emails saying the same thing done the first
restaurant i was referring to in my ps that took a nose die was indeed the Floridian it now kind
of sucks along with Peter Pan it was not listers whose last trip recently was still pretty good
thanks don is done on the phone no let's see oh here's one from the fray fake roger magevin
who roger magevin renery's producer that jordinated like poison because he was trying to get
George fired and get George's job okay roger magevin and jerk okay the only problem with the
epicure bakeries that it's in south florida south florida doesn't deserve that place no wonder
all obese oh my neal god that plays as good because the fake roger magevin speaking of fake by the
way wait till you're this little shot little shot this is obviously from somebody across the street
fth fth is the name of the emailer alleged this email address
huh even at your last ever appearance at Gulfstream you didn't get nearly as many people turning out
that a labaster gets every week at his events huh i thought we did pretty good
i think so and as far as the bastard's concern how much cash is he pulling down and what kind
of numbers is he got pretty mediocre twos last time i checked twos in men in the target demo freaking
twos okay he's a state of mind just like some of the restaurants we were talking about state of mind
in addition to which when we got our afternoon guy all right following two hours of that air
rock solid including that jerk show my god you should have heard hanco and on about that
we had a good conversation we ripped some serious asses
is that what it's all about mm-hmm when old friends who used to work together meet and greet neat
six hundred sixty-three votes on your pool in the thousand down sixty five points there is the egg head
alley felching people are prepared to say guy getting out of the stock market give me whatever
well and then they put that crazy gym creamer on the today show yesterday on NBC and he tells
everybody oh if you're going to need any of your money in the next five years sell all your stocks
now this is a crazy person this is a guy who jumps up and down like rumpel stillskin with
ants in his pants and makes it a mockery every day out of the stock market and people's investments
like it's a big joke and he goes on there and tells everybody the seller stock and they wonder
why the market took a crap lunatic gym creamer he needs to be put in a rubber room somewhere he needs
to be taken out on a leave a walk one last one not sure is the name of this person the name of the
emailer not sure Versailles restaurant on coyoteo as much of a state of mind as Joe stone crabs don't
regrettably it belongs on a list yours truly not sure you want to put that on there the Versailles
sure how about the what you call it on Miami Beach the forage talking about state of mind see we
could have put the the rascal house on there but it's long gone and once it's gone it ain't coming
back the rascal house another state of mind even some of the old Jews from New York stop going
when they wouldn't let them steal a pickles anymore is there anything more disgusting than seen some
old bitch shoving a bunch of deal pickles in her purse which you know there's a bunch of hair and
lint and mung in there they don't care just wash it off you know and the pickle too good lesson
for all you kids out there wash off that pickle before you put it in your mouth
you ever eat at the rascal house either one of you no yeah I've eaten it a couple times we'll have
figures figures Tampa Jew do you know they had a deli in Tampa once upon a time it lasted about
six weeks now when were you in Tampa I mean when did you get out of there I left there to go to
Fort Myers in like 96 so you were there when Bob Lasseter was on here oh yeah you used to play
the Luis Miguel as his lead in for like an hour just because you hated him I remember that
because I hated Luis Miguel I love Luis Miguel no you hated Lasseter oh I didn't no
I'm the one to cut Lasseter on the air for crying out loud I'm the one to cut him in Tampa
so you made me for that WSUN right I was the one who suggested because
we were they were simulcasting me and Rick and Sudson Phil Henry from IOD and then they needed a
morning guy and Lasseter had retired from the business he had a big blow up at FLA and a big
argument with them and he told him to shove it and he got out of the business and went to live in
Iowa with his wife Iowa in the cornfields and somehow I got his number and they called him and
said we'd like you to do mornings on S.U. when we're starting a new talk station blah blah and he
came down so you can blame me for that and then he went after there he went back to FLA I believe
didn't he I don't remember but then who was on after you at S.U.N.
Who was on after me in the afternoon yeah Rick and Sudson Rick and Sudson maybe that's what it was
in and at night the goddess Randy rip off Randy you don't remember him oh yeah I remember her do
you well I was a bad experiment that was destined to fail W.S.U.N. that was a typical Cox
broadcasting bonehead move typical radio bonehead move Tampa oh my god are there any like real people
in Tampa I know there's some really great restaurants we've talked about that like Donna Tellos
yeah and Burns takeouts I would say people in Tampa are more real than they are down here in
Tampa get out of here oh my god if those are real people I'm I'm exiting the human the subhuman race
people with orange hair and purple eyes and they're they're nose where they're as is supposed to be
those are real people they're mugwamps they're like cartoon characters they've got orange hair and
purple hair they're more real and maybe what you're trying to say is they're more tolerable than
the people in South Florida that could be it but not more real they do speak of the English though
no speaking English that's the problem in South Florida and in some Chinese markets here in Toronto
no speaking English and better drivers up there as well oh not here better drivers up we're in
Tampa yeah and Tampa I don't agree with you oh better than South Florida yeah anywhere in South Florida
no not here the driving here is I keep telling you this and you'll never come here anyway so
the worst in the world we have 400,000 Chinese mon no speaking English lots of them they can't read
the signs they and and you know a lot of places the bad driving is because there are pumps going
too fast here 99% of the people are going too slow and the people are going too slow just like in
South Florida the old the Alta Cokers that are going way too slow they cause the wrecks because
they force the rest of us to like take dangerous moves to get around them to try to get from point
eight to point B so they may not be in the accidents but they cause the majority of them the Alta Cokers
but here it's like everybody wants to go so they just have no interest in going anywhere you
know actually I think I've been to Toronto once yeah and I was in high school so it's a while ago
but what were you doing here went on a family trip and we went up into Canada through Detroit
and uh to Detroit and you survived yeah well we'll be by the way the guy the idiot that sent me
the thing yesterday about I don't like black people because I'm ripping Detroit let me tell you
something Detroit is a sewer it's a toilet anyway you went through Detroit well yeah I know we
got it to Canada through Detroit and then we kind of went along the border camping and stuff
like that at different places and I remember going through a big city and looking about where we
went that was the only really big city we went through so well the first thing we on your
on your way to where would be Windsor right we went we ended up getting all the way up to
Niagara Falls stayed on the Canada side whenever we had to buy something went on the US side let me
say it again wouldn't go through Toronto to get to Niagara Falls unless you went a circuitous route
well no I'm looking at the map now and you kind of go along the road and then you make a turn back
on the QEW right who what hair and then you go to Niagara Falls and you say hey this is really
neat it's a great place to see once yes once definitely and then don't ever go back
the biggest name the best talent you know there's no projects sports radio 560 QAM the fourth leader
the biggest names the best talent it's the big dog Joe Rose weekday morning 7 at 10 sports radio
560 QAM the sports
this is the US Sarah I thought Christy and he was fairy tale
to to to to this really just thing was not for me
they held a big convention
let me in for free I don't idea what I was about to see
they were speaking in tongues that made me a believer
right right right which kind of fun just take it out of my mouth
speaking tongue they got me believe in my tongue if we didn't from side to side
well now embrace me right my tongue to the feet
now whatever I do ill forgive me because now I speak in tongues
but that makes me a believer and the maven fun
playing round with fine now now I speak in tongues
let me pointy 7 560 WQAM and of course that refers to the pastor there that crazy pastor in the
last year he's gonna give it all the witches baby he knows which witches which here's one of the
most important emails in the history of mankind from Dennis and Seminole Florida listening online
today alive at a boy Dennis Dennis might just save my life here you ready fatso this could
be for you to me oh we obviously share an addiction to ice cream I must have my ice cream where
there is no life I have no life being diagnosed as diabetic three years ago I consider that I
have a new clothes did it how depressing this was only another addict would know but then a ray
of light briars carb smart is there hope yes yes yes he says and of course I think it's significant
enough to take you know 10 seconds and find yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
it barely raised my glucose level and actually tastes good I've never heard of it I never seen it
that's the problem briars carb smart add to that a little whip cream and if you need more get her
she's up on sweet cocoa powder make a bissol syrup with a bit of milk and splendor the cocoa is
only about five carbs per teaspoon at least for me this works says Dennis and Seminole Florida
isn't Seminole where they used to have the dog track which used to be a harness track Seminole
downs up by Orlando no Seminole Florida is over by the St. Peter area oh Castlebury is where that
place used to be yeah Castlebury is near Orlando and Kissing me both the name of the place used
to be Seminole downs and they used to have flies the size of watermelons you know flies like
horse flies and shoe fly pie and fly like that they have big flies and they bit they would bite
yet that would be a horse fly what that's called a horse fly well that's because it was a
horse track back in the day that's the only reason that was there at Seminole downs
not getting much response in my harness racing driver pull who was a Dave Polone
a Brian Sears Tim Matietrick John Campbell come on now Ronnie Pierce Francis O'Hare you people can
do it Sandy Fisher Macy Fisher here's one from Brian about it says have you been to Bernstake
House in Tampa lately no how about you uh fleet uh I was there two years ago and the desire I
was never there after they built a dessert room oh it's amazing which is probably why I'm still alive
that that was up 40 cents by the way let's hear it oh it's down 10 points it just in one
flash went from up 40 cents to down 10 points a lot of spastic activity going on and how was it
it's excellent still yeah it's upstairs you got in closed little rooms where if you want to have
some time talking about in general everything the still a great onion soup the best the very best
French onion soup in the world is the Bernstake house the stakes the meat is so juicy you could cut it
with your finger if you cut it with your thing it is just tender and of course you pay by the
weight by the ounce I'm sure it's still like that right yes it is you're gonna get like a 16
ounce or a 24 ounce or whatever whatever you like yeah and if you like wine have a great wine list
and burn laxer the good news is he's dead oh he really pissed me off that time you know
because when I was at the WS news I sent 80 zillion people because because when I did you
em baseball we go over and play u s f all the time and every trip to Tampa it was a must to go to
Bernstake house at least once and so when I come back to Miami I'd go on the urn rave about
Bernstake house in Yadi Yadi and so I sent 80 zillion customers his way up there everybody from
South Florida would go to Tampa and go out for a good meal would go to Burns and so I go through
this one time in Bernlaxer gives me the tour the restaurant and thanks me profusely and then he says
but I never try to repay one good deed with another in other words I'm not picking up the tab
not that I was looking for him to pick up the tab but it was just that he went out of his way to say it
you know thanking me for sending all of my listeners up there and Yadi Yadi Yadi but I don't try to
repay you know in other words pay it how do you like that not so good I thought that was
chinsy and then he died that's one of my great accomplishments man I outlived Bernlaxer
not good it's pretty impressive what are you laughing about I just thought that was funny did you know
him I've met him a long time ago yeah cheap bastard great restaurant though Bernstake house in
Tampa bad neighborhood though it's on Howard Street right yeah it's actually a lot better now
from when there used to be a bad neighborhood man now it's nice now they cleaned it out as bad as
Detroit so so the good news for Chris is that he and his family wants to went to Detroit and he
survived it yep right now what year was that have been oh yeah graduated in 93 so probably like
uh 1990 about that and you're still alive all right what a turlid anybody that wants to defend
New Orleans and Detroit to me it doesn't know what they're they're asked from their elbow but then
again there are some people everything is a racial thing you know everything has to be turned into
racial no matter who's living there the fact is the places of toilet at least the Orleans has good
restaurants though yeah that's about it and so does Tampa would you ever consider going back and
living in Tampa in a heartbeat you would yep oh well I realize where you are now it's right and you
live in Dave County yeah oh oh my god Chris lives in Dave County and he thinks it's paradise I didn't
say that Bob B has an email here that I guess flea is gonna like George by the way if he tun it
latest out pretending to be sick today he's screwing off more power to him that's going George
he's probably got a hot date with a roller skate Bob B my good friend says you're so right about
the big zero he is unlistenable unlistenable how do you like that I was flipping channels the other day
and heard him crying about the dolphins kicking a get this a field gold he can't even speak
a field gold yeah that's the second email I've got about the fact he does he can't say field
gold he says field gold flea I don't remember hearing that but possible Bob B says he is unlistenable
I will not argue with Bob B he sounds like a good man oh you are a relentless bastard you know
you're the kind of guy we like not a meeklymouth like some of the people we got people who say all
kinds of crap off the air and then once they get on it oh I never said that but if you put a
loop but I like that you know scared of their own shadow 692 votes on the pool by the top of the
hour we're gonna have over 700 Chris how do you like them apples huh sounds good I bet you're
we can do 850 today at least he's side the near Roger show what current South Florida institution
will you miss the most when it finally disappears public's 198 don't worry it's not going anywhere
Florida Panthers NHL team 51 soon museum of science and planetary men to grow 48 Joe Stone crabs 41
pizza loft 36 Jeff Cohen called in for a little self-aggrandizement and a free plug see query m35 Florida
marlins 26 highlight Dania and Miami 25 Windixi 25 bird bowl 21 Bayside Marketplace 20
Colorado racetrack 18 love 94 15 and Iliana Rosanna then a 14 elbow room 13 shorties barbecue 13
and little Bob mayor also has got 13
the biggest names the best talent you're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
I am from Iliana Rosaladon and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from
jewels and listening to the near roe hamunista outer
admitted to taking steroids there's no better side on this earth
the football player trying to think are you completely off the drugs or you do talk to five
at this point your loving for crystal meth try to trail and next door talk to the fat chick on the
paris jelly in
Bro, players in the criminal name.
Oh my God, just keep me in the trucks.
From noon at 5.60 WQAM, happy Tuesday to you.
No, George, today he's a too many drugs
speaking to that and too much of a strange ass.
Maybe your zone.
Can block the guy with the eyes says,
with the Dateland Mall Count as an institution?
No, I mean, we could put all the shopping malls on, right?
Sure.
That's kind of silly.
The big tower with a de-on it, if nothing else.
A landmark, highest point of Florida,
except for the one landfill on the turnpike
between I-75 and Red Road.
I don't think so, Kenny.
Maybe David Cassidy's hanging out there today.
Go off the ceiling and dig him up.
Brian Byron, Brian, BRY-O-N.
That's an unusual spelling, ain't it?
Brian from Meridian, Ohio says,
high-neils and American citizen living in Canada.
You have to return to the USA after a certain amount of time.
180 days, Brian.
I have a pension.
Would I have to pay Canadian income tax
if I moved to Canada and kept my citizenship?
No.
If you have no Canadian income, you pay no Canadian taxes.
How's it going, Brian, A?
For the pool, what about being civil to each other?
Oops, I forgot that.
That's how 40 years ago.
Hope Obama kicks McCain's ass tonight.
Yeah, the big debates tonight.
Anybody going to be watching?
No. Come on now.
No football game on tonight.
How's that wall of football coming, by the way?
Flea.
Pretty good.
The wall of football?
Well, the dolphins have one.
They're two and two and a keens or two and three.
That's four and a five, if you ask me.
It doesn't sound too good.
I may have to do a choice here during the next break.
You guys prepared?
Sure.
Yeah, thanks for sharing.
I'll make sure I know.
I'll make sure I got a bit ready.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
No, I would, oh, I see what you're saying.
So in other words, you would play the bit
after if I don't come back.
Exactly.
Oh, maybe I'll go now.
If you need to, while the urge is still,
the urge to purge is still there.
Not overwhelming.
In other words, I'm not going to just get rough
and run out of here.
You're not going to have an accident.
Jim and Miami says, I've been listening to you
since 81.
My Nana was listening to you and she told me
to come here this misschuguna and I've been listening
ever since.
One of your funniest lines, when you were talking
about ponytails pizza loft, you said Wednesday.
Wednesday is bike night.
Come on your bike and Jeff will help clean it off.
Funniest vocal line, mode of gildey.
I don't even know how you have kids.
Doigoo.
Georgia's funniest line.
I'm still waiting.
He says, Jim and Miami.
Maybe that's why Georgia's out sick today.
He must have pre-read that facts, that email,
whatever that thing is.
You think?
Because you know how uptight Georgia's.
Well, Georgia's not funny.
Georgia's very educated.
Knows his crap.
He's very intelligent.
But he's not funny.
You know what I mean?
When you agree?
Yep.
That's not his strong suit is a comedy.
Justin said, did you see that hustler is making a porn video
with a Sarah Palin lookalike?
Apparently, there's also going to be a scene where
a Palin has a three way with a swallery and condolese
lookalike.
PS, the beast is an a-hole fat, christian punch him
in his fat ass.
Excellent email, Justin.
What do you say?
Sounds good?
Sounds like a plan.
But you don't have the cajon's because you know damn well,
you get fired so fast.
Correct.
They kick you out of there in a heartbeat.
Just look at the beast cross-eyed and you're out.
You're done.
Jay in Fort Lauderdale says, in the last year,
I've been back on the road listening to WQIM most of the day.
However, back around Kentucky, Derby time,
I was listening to a certain sports host on 4-7,
telling about being at a sports gathering
and while in the head ran into OJ.
He then said he got his voice to go over and get a picture
with OJ.
His wife, who evidently has the brains of the family,
was visibly upset.
I will say this guy who has a junk wrap tightly around his brain
cannot request to get on the butcher's visiting list.
I wonder if he would want his boys to have their picture taken
with another butcher like Charles Manson.
Oh, Schmidt forgot he didn't play football.
This guy is another of those people who profess
that conservative lifestyle except when it comes
to a killer football player.
I have to suffer through another station when he is on.
On another note, thanks that station for that two-to-four move also.
Wow, who's doing the programming?
A little shot there at the big rock saw.
Oh, another one.
Keep up your good work even when your station's limitations
says J and 4 Lauderdale.
Of course, you can verify this, he says,
but don't know the exact date.
Oh, no, it wouldn't surprise me
that anybody on the station is still sniffing the OJ's junk and ass.
Brackdom.
Right?
You never know here.
Doesn't surprise me.
It's been that way since the first time I walked in the door.
A normal can't.
Walk me into that building.
7-0-4 on your pool and ice going.
Why thank you very much.
You welcome.
Spud of what Clarence says about you.
You're too kind.
So who's going to be working on Friday?
I guess the Georgian fleet.
Please, going to be like a regular around the show now.
Oh, please not sure if he can do it.
I will have to arrange some things to make that happen.
I wasn't aware of it until this afternoon.
Until this afternoon.
Well, it's only five minutes into the afternoon.
Thank you.
Son of the woods, you just found out about it just this moment?
Well, a couple of segments ago he found out.
So in other words, we're as usual.
We're like left to our own resources.
Well, they never told him that he was scheduled again on Friday.
What do you mean he was scheduled again on Friday?
He was scheduled.
He's on the schedule for this Friday.
Let's see.
He has his Lee and George on Friday.
And they never actually told him that you had to do it again.
And sometimes you don't know because the schedule just cut and paste
with mistakes on it.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
You're not in Clarence again, huh?
Good.
Keep it up.
Good thinking.
What a nerd.
Obama widens Lee the National Pole.
By the way, the emails have come to a sudden halt.
Come to a screeching halt.
Although maybe I've got a rich factor sent me a thing.
Maybe everybody wants a lunch.
Yeah, that might be it.
Neil at Nearodgers.com for the emails, by the way.
Don't feel pressured.
I'm feeling some pressure right now.
In fact, I might do the break just a moment or two earlier.
Maybe it's the biggest name.
The best talent.
You're his new Roger.
Fortnight, you're 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Oh, yeah.
Man, the chapter news.
Forty-seven.
Fortnight, you're 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It was good.
Made it.
All right.
This year was something that I planned.
I hope you like her.
She has five kids and a husband.
A true pro-lifer.
Her teen girl is pregnant.
She can be a dress of moose.
And was in a beauty pageant.
Now, it's time to introduce.
I picked a girl from Alaska.
Governor Sarah Palin.
I picked a girl real conservative.
I hope I get to be president.
Love's guns and God and lean show right.
Rush them by screens with delight.
I picked a girl who's a hot chick.
Governor Sarah Palin.
Oh, there's a whole bunch of emails on here that I didn't see.
Now, let me just address this on.
And Flea was sent me an email yesterday that we're giving away a bunch of panther tickets.
Yes, we have four pair that you can give away all this week.
Against the Atlanta thrashers, which is their opener on Saturday.
Oh, the Atlanta thrashers?
Yes, that's the home opener for the panthers.
The Atlanta thrashers?
Well, that's because of that horrible division there.
And you know, with Washington Crapidels and the Atlanta thrashers and their Carolina,
Hurricanes, the Canes, that's that awful division.
Yes, they opened a season against the Hurricanes in Carolina.
Nothing would be finer than to beat up Carolina, even with my good buddy Ray Whitney.
I wonder if he's still there. Is he still on Carolina? I'm sure he is.
Got a whole bunch now. Anyway, let me ask you a technical thing, FATSO.
What's up?
I mean, I'll click on the Outlook Express.
And it looks like it'll say there's no yada yada in this view.
But then if I look over to where it says inbox on the left under folders,
it said 11.
And then you click on inbox and all of us on all these emails show up.
How do you like that?
It might be because, yeah, the, yeah, it'll, I don't know how long, how often it refreshes.
So it might just not be refreshed.
And then when you pull it up, it'll auto refresh maybe.
I don't really use Outlook.
Yeah, but it's really, it's great for this email thing.
Well, I'm sure it is, but I just can't, I mean, I use the other stuff.
You're sure as how wouldn't be using like a Yehu, Yehu by the way, blows.
I know George would take great umbrage with that, but yeah, Yehu sucks.
Yehu email.
Don't use it really.
I have a lot of stuff on here, man.
There's a lot of heavy duty.
Oh, Mr. Radio, which I printed this out yesterday and I must have lost it in my pile somewhere.
Sorry, Mr. Radio.
You loser you for a C ever.
Well, and George picked a good day to be off.
Says Iliana Ross Lighten has one more vote than the monkey jungle.
No punchline necessary.
Somebody says, how about tobacco road for the pool, the oldest bar and date County on South Miami Avenue tobacco road.
Get it on there.
I love that place.
James says, how about Roberta Flack?
All right.
Woo.
Maybe James is on to one week delay, you think?
Well, this is a breath of fresh air.
This go our close personal friend who's busy sitting in the car where his friends are listening to uh,
fascist radio or something.
You can always play a hundred years gone by the American Pyreumake.
I'm down to hear it and a good eight minutes long enough for you to drop a doucin' take a quick shower.
Well, already a shmat.
And I'm not going to be taking no more quick shower.
I shower this morning like I do every day.
At least once, usually twice a day.
Because I'm clean, fat, grotesque, but at least clean.
And I smell wonderful.
Mmm, I smell good.
To myself, you know.
Now, let me ask you this other question since you haven't saw the outlook or expressed thing.
What's up?
For both of you, people that smell really bad, can't they smell it?
I would hope they could, but I don't know.
Like, you know, some people they just, they might be still used to the smell.
They don't notice it anymore.
Or how about the spouse, or, you know, or the significant other of the person who stinks real bad.
They can't smell them.
You would think so.
Yeah.
And they don't say, God, honey, why not take a shower? You stink bad.
I offend some people at the station because if they come up and talk to me into breast-dinks,
I tell them, bro, have a mint or something.
Because I would want someone to tell me.
Oh, yeah.
I used to work with people with stunch breasts.
I used to work with two cousins when I was working in public.
And I think it was because of their background or whatever, the type of food and stuff they ate.
But they would just come in and you were like, oh my God, dude.
God, I don't want to work with you today, really.
Especially when you have the smoker coffee drinker combo and their breast-dunk somebody joist in the mouth.
I heard a smoker coffee drinker combo.
I heard they have an especially on it.
Walmart.
People who, well, what kind of people eat at Walmart?
You want to say trailer trash?
Now, that expression, I'm sure, is very offensive to a lot of people.
I don't really care.
Trailer trash.
I'm not saying that all people live in trailers are trash, but it'll have a lot of them are.
And Sarah don't live in a trailer, but they are trailer trash.
So you don't have to live in a trailer to be trailer trash.
Follow my thinking.
Correct.
That is absolutely...
I have no life.
Absolutely correct.
I hit the wrong button.
In fact, yeah.
Every now and then I just reach over.
What differences do I make?
Now these people are getting hostile.
I emailed you two weeks ago about Carb Smart.
I told you the chocolate was awesome, and I'm sure they have more flavors.
F.U. Dennis.
Somebody's jealous because, you know, because Dennis from wherever the hell Dennis was.
Seminole.
And I paid attention to it.
Well, his email was longer, and it was more...
You know, and he was looking for a little bit of empathy from a fellow diabetes guy.
James Lewis says, maybe some of your listeners can answer this question for me.
Is there an oil refinery plan in the DENU for a lot of daily area?
I remember driving the area back in the 90s, saw something looked like a refinery plant.
Nothing to be fina than to stay out of DENU, except for Jackson's ice cream.
That's the only reason I would ever go to DENU.
That should have made the list for the poll.
What's that?
Jackson's ice cream parlor.
Absolutely.
Good thinking, airflee.
I agree wholeheartedly.
It's been there for about 6,000 years before Jesus, before Yushki was a baby.
And that place is awesome.
Jackson's at now too bad they don't serve that low carb ice cream.
I'm going to have to check that out.
I'm going to have to Google that online, that Breyer's or whatever the hell of things is called.
And the reason being that there's low carb ice creams in the supermarkets here.
But when you look at the ingredients, they've got sorbetal and crap at all.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I can't handle that.
That just makes my stomach explode like the end of the world.
You don't enjoy some anal leakage after your ice cream?
No, I do not enjoy anal leakage at any time.
Ice cream, you scream.
We all scream when we have anal leakage.
Oh, here's another one.
Oh, Zizko also says FU Dennis from Schmuck's Pill.
Zizko is getting all worked up and whipped up to a frenzy, huh?
I emailed you two weeks ago about carb smart.
I told you the chocolate was awesome.
I'm sure they can work.
Oh, this is an extension of the previous one.
FU Dennis from Schmuck's Pill.
I know my last two emails have been strikes, but I still have one strike left before I'm out.
Try it and you know what's good, Schmitt says Zizko.
Well, where the hell am I going to find that?
Well, they have Breyer's makes it?
When another chronic regular emailer says,
I mentioned the ice cream two years ago.
It's very good.
Public sales it.
They carry chocolate vanilla and rocky road.
Oh, my God, what I would give for a low carb rocky road.
I'd give my left nut and half of the right one for that.
Hershey's also making sugar free chocolate and strawberry syrup sweetened with Splenda.
Well, I can handle Splenda.
Thanks, Win.
He wins, I lose.
Now, here's one about Bernstake House.
Oh, please not going to be happy with this.
It's going to be very upset.
Never again, they're living on their reputation, Neil.
Had eaten there for years whenever I was in Tampa, had my birthday.
And by the way, I'm getting a sore throat.
So if I'm not here tomorrow, Faso, tell George I'm not just trying to catch up with him on off days,
but I'm getting, you know, I'm fighting off the cold, changing weather.
We went from summertime here, like almost directly in a winter time without the snow yet.
I mean...
Hey, it's my show.
I don't ask you to listen.
I don't ask you to call.
Frankly, I don't think it's right to be rude to people, but I don't care.
I don't call them.
They call me.
You tell them, Bob and Gown, great broadcaster, but very weak material.
For the stuff they talk about, oh, makes your eyes hurt.
Anyway, had my birthday dinner a couple of years ago, it says Tim,
and couldn't believe how they'd gone downhill.
Or did a Delmonico, it was a poor quality and overcooked.
I make a better steak on my grill here at Home in Broward.
Service was indifferent at best.
My wife, who is far less critical than me, agreed.
The dessert was fine, but they bring them in from outside anyway.
Very disappointed.
Best dinners I've had lately were sublime and for a lot of dayl, a very good vegetarian place.
Not a veggie myself, but it was a nice change of pace.
And a couple of places I discovered from you, sushi, Yoshi and mocha, terrificory and food,
barbecue beef short ribs to die for, and Japan and Parkland.
The sushi was all right, but the duck and chicken and shrimp were awesome.
The duck.
They've done meals, the elastipango, I think it is.
Oh, well, it's chopped off on the right, to Pango and Parkland, right.
It's chopped off.
You ever chop it off?
But Burns Rest in Peace says Tim.
Rest in Peace.
Cheers, Tim V.
PSM is PP from Pember Fines, and that color from IMEshor is both great material,
but that was then, and this is now, I know.
Yeah, I know too, Tim.
Well, it gives a nice couple of plugs for two of our Neil Deal places.
That's good.
Is that good?
Yep.
So what are we going to do about those hockey tickets?
The aforementioned hockey to the Panthers and the Trashers?
We can give them away whenever you want.
I'm so out of touch with hockey.
I don't know why that is.
I shouldn't be being here, you know.
I know the Leafs suck.
I've got to break play my first holy argument with that fellow, the shit of us.
I believe it's ever free one way.
Oh, they'll blow that.
Whatever game this is, they'll blow it.
There's no lead, too big for the Leafs not to blow.
They suck.
They do.
When you put a player on waivers, it's a...
Oh, my God.
You talk about the NHL network.
And we watch these guys standing around talking about hockey.
You talk about Pandorus.
That is just...
Oh, and I'm so glad they're showing this.
I'm not asking for sage Rosenfell's.
So worst collapse and the worst performance in the history,
it's the ex-Dolphin factor.
Sage Rosenfell's crantstein.
Schwartz.
Did you either one of you see at the ending last quarter of that game?
I saw one or two of the highlights right in the end.
In the end, Houston, the Texans, they were clobbering them.
They had a gigantic lead.
And then this kid, he starts...
He starts trying to...
He's an idiot.
And he's not a kid.
He's an old rookie.
So, peace.
Yeah.
Rosenfell's roll of eight.
Roll of eight.
Roll of eight.
And this guy got a first touch.
Now, I'm surprised that this is his first touch now.
Alright, Houston up 17 to 10.
Fourth quarter, 20 to 10.
It's a slick.
This rookie running back class is impressive.
There's so many good running backs in this rookie class.
The bout, the bout, the bout, the bout.
93 yards on 16 theories.
Slick.
So it's eight minutes and 19 seconds left.
17-7 to 10.
They look like...
17-7 to 10.
Eight minutes left.
So the game's over, right?
Yeah, sure.
That would count the...
Sage Rosenfell, if anybody saw that game, he ought to be lynched.
I mean, I have never seen anybody.
He kept fumbling and...
Oh, just...
And then they had one last shot at the end of the game.
He throws the right in the defender's hands in the interception.
Right in his hands.
Oh well.
That's the exa...
Dolphin factor.
Isn't he exed dolphins?
Right.
Here's the backup.
Yeah, he was the backup when he had those real winners there, like...
Who the hell would they have?
Gus for Rot.
Gus for Rot.
Oh, and remember Gus for Rot was upset?
Brian Grease.
He was upset because the media was ripping him.
Brian Greasey, hey Brian.
Have another belt, Brian.
Don't take a silver pepper.
Oh, yeah, Don, it worked out well.
How those knees do in Donnie?
How about Donthay's in Fort Lauderdale?
Not long gone.
We're not putting places out here that are already shut down.
We do those too often.
George is right about that.
Jackson's ice cream parlors on there doesn't have any votes yet.
Shit, it should.
735 votes.
I think we can do a 900.
Nah.
What do you think?
Maybe we can do...
Think we can do Nyan?
I say 850.
This idiot on here with the jerk, jerk street obsession, this imbecile.
I just deleted it every time.
But there's something sick.
Sick.
Oh, he'll be on tomorrow by the way with Joe Rose.
So this person can get out his...
Get his weenie out.
Jerk, jerk street.
Oh my God.
What is the story with him?
Love.
So what it is?
I guess so.
Mark says, I heard you earlier talking about Hyman Roth and the Godfather being Myrlansky.
Not everyone is a Godfather fanatic like you and I.
I came on here late today to listen.
I wrote you yesterday about Dave Polone at the Meadows at the Meadows with the obnoxious Roger Houston screaming and puking his guts out.
When I lived in Pennsylvania, he used to the Meadows with Bruce Ranger as to pump in a harness.
Not much to say today just wanted to drop a note.
P.S. leave the gun and take the canole.
Thank you, Mark.
No, he isn't...
He isn't to the Meadows what Bruce Ranger is to pump it apart.
Bruce, he's great.
But Dave Polone is like 460 average.
Oh.
Can you imagine a baseball average of 460 like that?
That's what those percentages are like, batting averages.
460 something.
Not too bad.
Dave Polone, great.
And a good guy too.
And then it made pump it apart 100 years ago.
A good guy.
Dave Polone.
In front and gets over bed all the time.
3 to 5, 2 to 5.
Up in the air.
There he goes.
Hippity-hopping.
Clippity-clopping.
He's great.
Not nobody likes Brian Sears, I guess, out in my audience here on the email thing.
There is nobody in a big race.
Nobody in the last three or four years who drives like Brian Sears.
Good local boy from Fort Lauderdale and nevertheless, they still don't know who that is.
How about you guys don't know who that is?
You don't know Brian Sears from Sears Robock, do you?
Nope.
737 on the pool.
We got a real shot here today.
If we can make 900, if we don't make 900, then you're preempting the big O-shoda today.
You're going to stand until we get it.
Say what?
1226 at 560 WQAM.
Boy, you guys are brutalizing the big O today.
I always thought he was kind of rock solid.
Not.
Hey, I'm just thinking of having to work another hour or three.
Hey, listen, you better show up here on Friday because please said he can't do it.
Can't do it.
So how are we giving those hockey tickets away?
During the break, think about it.
Okay.
Now is that for a day, for a two-perre, how are we, how, total are we going?
No, you have a parade for the rest of the week.
So we are giving a parade today.
Absolutely.
See what happens when we get to the end of the week.
Yeah.
Week after week, more and more people are taking advantage of Niels Half Prize deals on WQAM.com.
And this week, no exception.
Starting Thursday at noon, you can buy $100 certificates for just $50 bucks to a Noko Indian restaurant in the peacock lounge.
They're boasting about a new larger location in the heart of coconut grove, a modern atmosphere with a Bollywood theme.
Try appetizers like shrimp and lobster nest or Mumbai nachos, feast on fabulous entrees that are an Indian spin on American classics,
like their famous butter chicken called muk-nim murji.
Very, very good.
Oh, that's what you had?
Yep.
Butter chicken.
I wouldn't be surprised if they slathered your fat ass up with some butter too.
Well, they suggested that I have that.
They said it's very good.
The curry was great because I was going to get a steak like George did.
And the owner was like, he's like, well, do you want to try something a little more Indian?
Like yes, or is that like your like, carry on, but yeah, it's fine.
He goes, all right, we're going to bring you this.
Yeah, George said it was great.
Yep.
Spice crushed and hanger steak and masala meatloaf.
They also feature a full bar and bottomless glass of wine every day.
Anoko Indian restaurant with a heart of coconut grove for reservations called 7865521030.
And thanks to me, you'll be able to buy $100 certificates at half price, just $50 bucks in the store opens at noon,
this Thursday at wqam.com.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The most beautiful Roger sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
I'm proud of him.
I'm proud of him.
挩
挩
挩
挩
挩
挩
挩
挩
挩
seven eight o'clock tonight and probably the bitch he'll be gone too whichever one he's
screwing today.
I mean don't you think that's a little bit over the top of being on the well I guess
you know honestly there's points for that.
The drug thing I can understand because everybody with the economy is going right now I think
most people are if they're not already on drugs they're going to be stealing them pretty
soon not buying them because they can't afford them.
In fact maybe George since he's got all the good connections maybe that's an avenue for
some more income.
You think?
Maybe.
We can market that.
Okay let's see the first person who calls in for those hockey tickets so you're going
to take it off the air and give them away.
I'm not doing it on the air.
Okay.
Perah hockey tickets to the Panthers and Atlanta trashers opening night Saturday at the
Macarooner right Saturday?
Right?
Absolutely.
Oh was that a trick question or what?
No.
First person who calls for those hockey tickets fat crystal pick it up and take your info.
I'm looking at the market and for some reason on CNBC on the gambling channel they don't
have the thing up there we go.
Dao is uh oh.
Dao is down 127 the Nasdaq down 33 in the S&P is down 15 and a half point.
Oh boy don't tell me we're starting on another rocky road again although I do like my rocky
road.
There's a couple of lines flashing in fact so pick one up.
And if it sounds like somebody you know human and given the tickets if it sounds like
some A hole then just slam that phone down on it.
So you think I'm giving you the tickets you like more Zach Ron?
Why did he call?
He was the first one that I picked up.
Oh I want the tickets I want the tickets I need help.
Prozac.
Prozac Ron.
Oh my god.
Let me ask you a few.
Was Joe Bell as effectual in 4 Meyers as he is in this market?
It was a whole different scene and he was new to Beasley down there so it was a little
bit different.
And what regard?
I don't know he's changed a little bit since he came down here.
And what regard?
His ass has gotten bigger so are you trying to say?
No he's about the same size.
I'm not talking about physically I'm talking about figuratively speaking.
It's different like we want to cut and stuff back there I guess because we were so to
the bone anyway there was nothing to cut.
Because I was like the program director or the afternoon dry person and the promotions
director at that station.
So I think he has more things to toy with down here.
More things to doy with.
Harry says Neil they have the Carb Smart Ice Cream in public for years.
Chocolate Rocky Road Butter Pican.
And then he list all the ingredients for the Rocky Road.
For a half a cup or is it a carves?
I don't care about all the rest of total carves 14 grams for a half a cup.
Well what's a half a cup?
That's not very much.
No that's pathetic.
How many ounces in a half a cup?
Wow I'd say maybe.
No trans fats.
How much?
Maybe four ounces and a half a cup?
So a pint which is 16 ounces that would be four times that so the carves would be 56 grams
of carbs.
What's the big stimulus with that?
What's the big bargain there?
I'll check it out.
Doesn't sound too promising.
Most of those low carb things.
Oh well it's only got five digestible grams of carbs and then you look at the thing
and it's got 150 grams but only five are digestible.
BS.
Strictly BS.
What happens to the other carbs?
You know what the BS stands for blood sugar.
Oh the other carbs they just they kind of like disappear you know.
They go down in the bowl.
They come out of your hole and they go down in the bowl.
All right tickets gone.
And then you got soul.
Give it to somebody like upstanding human being.
Seems like it.
I'm off the tickets.
I'm off the tickets.
I have the tickets.
I got a self-mon number.
You know that just verify everything and he said you can call him anytime if you want.
Well what do you mean by that?
I guess he wants to talk to you personally.
What in God's name are you talking about?
I took down his information.
I don't want his information.
That's strictly because the ticket's okay.
I'm not doing like George trolling on the air okay.
But when he gave his number.
You're for George too often.
That's the problem.
No he gave me a cell phone number so I can get all the information.
He was joking of course.
Well no I think he wanted to do the call.
For what?
Well that you can figure out later.
And you gave this idiot the tickets?
Yeah he sounds like a nice guy.
How old?
I don't know I didn't ask that.
Well how old did he sound?
Oh probably about late 20s or early 30s.
No two old.
I'm sorry.
New York City Dave says hey Neil I don't know if you ever did this pool.
How about a pool?
I mean if we ever did this pool how many times have we done this?
About 30 man.
About things that are gone from South Florida.
Oh my god.
Have we done that at least a hundred times?
He says I know George would say we're living in the past the way people who do not live
in South Florida can chime in.
My vote would be for the Hollywood sportatorium.
Yeah we've only they've done that pool about 6,000 times.
And in closing he says the Rangers are two in big deal.
No yoghurt, no straca, no or nothing.
No playoffs, no nothing.
The Rangers.
Oh my god.
How's that hockey coming here?
Let's see.
Sitting on the end of the leaf bench.
There's that uri to loosely put some clothes on uri.
And Mike for the third period is Curtis Joseph.
He'll be joining us as we get started here into the third day before one leaf lane over
Buffalo.
Oh I don't think they blew that game.
I don't recall.
Meaningless anyway.
Exhibition is talking games.
I mean cheese.
How about some football?
It's available only at NFL shop dot com.
All right.
Are you ready for some a smash mouth football?
Sure.
Here's the first race at the Delaware Park.
Ever five is RB mountain music.
Yes, he just keeps getting better.
Her first start.
Oh my god.
Talk about a coma inducing voice.
Is that a coma inducing or what?
Wow.
Coma.
Some people have got personality and some people are like a dead man on legs, you know?
And Kujo is still playing.
How old is that?
Yes.
He's only 122.
We're in Johnny Bauer back.
If Kujo falters, Kujo couldn't stop a bowling ball in the exhibition season from a
hundred.
A bowling ball ruled from a hundred yards away.
He can't stop anything.
The first his first start to give up six goals on 12 shots.
And then they said, okay, take a rest, Kujo.
Hit the bench.
Hit the beach.
Kujo, you're a hockey guy, huh?
I used to be a lighting fan when I lived.
I had season tickets.
That Brad Richards could play on my team.
He's not on the lighting no more.
Who did you play for now?
The track, the Tennessee Nashville, Nashville cats.
See, I'm just I'm just out of touch with hockey because it's been so long since the last season.
1967 Bobby Bond.
Let's go from the blue line and it bounces into the net at any rate.
Here's somebody who says and this is definitely not going on the pool.
So don't get carried away fat.
So how about Swenson's ice cream for your pool across from UM?
I had my second birthday party.
There are 31 years ago.
So it's been around for a while.
Great job.
Go Obama says, Mucky and Miami.
Thanks, Mucky, but no.
Swenson's, I mean, an ice cream place other than Jackson's.
I mean, you see the difference between Jackson's and Swenson's.
Mm-hmm.
I mean, that's simple.
That's easy.
A child could do that one.
Jim says, if duplicate, sorry, Andrews Diner, Oakland Park,
good food, good eye candy for the Gaya crowd,
tropics rest on and bar and Wilton Manners.
Yay.
The wine seller restaurant, Oakland Park.
Well, why don't understand?
Oh, in the Gateway Theater established 1951.
Do you want to put any of these on there?
The Gateway Theater is pretty cool.
Yeah, that's been there 100 years.
Put the Gateway Theater around there.
Add an...
Just what?
Adding...
Just for Jim and Wilton Manners.
Biggest name.
Hey, Jim.
You've heard his new projects.
430-560-QAM.
I think.
Fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the big O or Landu Elzigari.
Not solid.
A rock solid right here on Fox.
I'm a rock solid.
I am.
The sports leader.
Neil Rogers.
Ah.
This is Debbie.
Hi, Debbie.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Uh-huh.
And I was wondering if you get some tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation, cosmetic breast surgery, face lift,
all of these things.
Uh-huh.
You think I was wondering...
What would you like to start with?
Well, I need to get everything done
and probably the first thing I'd like to have removed
is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No.
Could you do breast implants, though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I don't know what they would do right away.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Uh-huh.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Uh-huh.
Laser surgery.
Uh-huh.
Have the lambs stop crying at, mommy?
Excuse me?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, we'll have to see you first,
and then upon looking at you, we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay.
Um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me give you a little information from you.
Mommy.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation for a life?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Or do you want to call me back?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I got my skin suit and it put like a...
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
I will talk to you in a time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Hello?
The dial is down almost 200 points.
Don't panic yet, though.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It makes a Zedoloc.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
It puts them all together.
It puts the lotion in the basket
When the eyeball falls out.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Then it has to horse it out.
It makes the lotion in the basket.
It's why I have to get.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Need to rub it on my front.
It puts the losher in the basket.
So after娶 me to clean the basket..
It오 can't court the lotion in the basket.
I saidMusic Nocturne eeess,
I switched my pp in my leg I said
in the bedroom
loved it
That was down 187.
No paddock yet, okay?
Still, I mean, if you have some stock, it's still worth a couple of cents.
And of course, if you had any cents, you wouldn't have it.
So somebody, Harry, emails me the picture of the container.
Breyer's Rocky Road, Carbs Smart, and they advertise it as four grams of net carbs for
serving.
Serving, those probably are the size of your thumb.
I mean, what is this serving?
Probably, the shes on there.
Well, but it's just got a picture of the carton.
A pint is usually four servings.
No, this is not a pint, this is a half gallon.
Ooh, there may be 16 servings?
Yeah.
So that wouldn't be so bad, so that would mean 64 grams of carbs for the whole half gallon.
Well, kind of a pig eats a half gallon of ice cream, besides I've done it.
I'm not doing it now, but wow.
What, you couldn't eat a half gallon of ice cream.
I never eat a half gallon of ice cream at once.
Why not?
That's because you don't look it.
You don't look it.
Maybe that's why.
If you get it soft and mooshy enough, you can almost put a stride in it.
That's right.
You shake it.
And look too.
And if you eat enough of it, then you'll have the shakes.
Believe me, then you'll hit the ground.
They'll say, oh gee, he sure enjoyed that last meal.
He died with a smile on his pus.
Rob says, did you ever do a poll on which South Florida or entire state of Florida politician
do you detest the most?
Rob and Lauderdale?
No, we did not do that.
We're maybe we did.
We won't.
Does that worth doing?
I mean, who cares about South Florida politicians, huh?
Not really.
Not really.
You're a failure.
And your governor, Limpurist, Christ.
Tampa guy.
Tampa guy.
Tampa guy.
Yeah, he's gay.
But I'm sure you knew that.
That was the word.
Now, whatever happened to that wedding that was supposed to take place, now he didn't get
the VP.
Oh, there's Henry Waxman with the Pignos on CNN.
That was down over 200 now, 205, 60, 200 back to even 200.
9760, but that's pretty weak.
I like to get a hold of that guy.
The S&P is up near that guy and everybody could struggle his ass.
Take us a cord, a sash and just wrap it around his neck as tight as possible and play
like a tractor pull.
Time went into it like another hitcher.
Went into a Mac truck and the other end to a tractor.
770 on fact, Chris is pulled.
You're not going to make no 900.
850 would be swell.
And that's what we were shooting for with 850.
Yeah, that's that's what I said.
And then you said, oh, how about nine or about 4,000?
What I said, how about 500?
So, you know, we hit mine.
I'm good to go.
Yeah, that's because you don't think anybody's listening to this show.
What are you talking about?
You want the callers.
I know you're not fooling me.
Everybody's listening to this show.
You want the damn callers.
No, I don't.
How much your fat ass, jolly, Joe is listening.
Doesn't he always tell you how much he listens to the show every day and loves it?
Well, it's usually all I want to walk by his room, though.
His office.
What's on this show?
The radio station.
Yes.
No, I'm not talking about the radio station.
I'm talking about this show.
Not the sports nerd.
When I walk by it and like, you know, while we're on the air, he's listening to the radio.
Wow.
Cut it up.
We allow, does he?
Is he impaling himself with sharp objects?
We can only hope and pray.
And at many times I've gone by that, I'm hurt and laughing, so.
You heard him laughing?
What are you going?
Oh, that's funny, Neil.
Was he doing like that?
Not quite that way now.
No.
Oh, Brad Richards, by the way, I made a mistake is with the Dallas stars.
I just find it in Congress that I don't know.
He just doesn't seem to fit with that team with the whole image of that team.
That's such a boring team.
I think Benny Hogue, Ben Wahogue, he was more like the Dallas stars.
I know they got Mike Madonna, but nevertheless the rest of them are like, it's a boring dull
team.
You know what I mean, the Chris?
I mean, yeah, and Madonna is getting old too.
Oh, yeah, he's got to be a hundred.
I forgot Flea's name there for just a second.
Well, we get so many guest fillers in here because Georgia's misses so much damn work.
Brad Richards is in Dallas playing with the stars.
Now that's Stoey Barnes retired.
Those are the days, baby.
Stoop Barnes and Billy Lindsay and those are the days.
The geezer, the racist bastard, the geezer.
Mark Fitzpatrick who used to beat his wife guys like that.
That was a good friend with Chris Gratton.
Oh, that's recent.
Yeah.
Talk about a bust.
Used to be good friends with Chris Gratton.
Yeah, we used to hang out when he played for the lightning.
You ever see him naked?
No, I can't say that I have.
Oh, what about Brad Richards?
Why sure like to see him naked?
He is one hell of a good looking kid, Brad Richards and a good player to a damn good player.
He's no Alexey Ponikarowski, but then again, who is?
Here's a long, long email.
Not too bad George is near because he would vomit from Mr. Radio.
I'll save it for after the day.
It's half of the hour.
Mr. Radio, oh, his middle name is.
I have no life.
I think he might be the original.
I have no life.
Eddie and Miami says here's a poll suggestion.
Oh, they're picking on the big O so bad today.
I'm almost feeling sorry for him.
No.
No.
Started with flea just ripping him a merciless ass this morning, even before the show.
Yes.
And then Hank Saturday night at dinner at Woodbine just ripped him an ass.
How could he be on?
How could they put him on twice a day and in the afternoon when people are awake?
Hank just ripped you an ass Orlando.
I'm sure he's oblivious though, you know, because he's got a gigantic ego.
Doesn't he, Chris?
Yes.
What I heard.
What?
What I've heard.
Are you not, are you jumping on the bandwagon now?
I'm just telling you then, then, then I'm going to get the blame if he shows fails.
You always get the blame.
Yeah.
First it was Mo.
Well, we know you and Mo and then Gildi.
Well, you know, you talk about that squeaky voice.
Yeah, I invented it.
That's right.
We all know the one.
I torpedoed the shows and then of course jerks.
I mean, that goes without saying very good enough.
The big O, he'll, he'll lay a gigantic egg and I'll get blame for it.
Eddie says here's a poll suggestion.
Who sucks the most?
Jason Jackson or the big O, they're both pathetic.
I listen to you religiously.
I'm a sports fan.
Love the mad dog, but immediately log off the internet when his voice comes on.
I guess Joe Bell hasn't realized, meaning the big O.
Hasn't realized that the, not just the content that's important, but the host needs to be
entertaining.
Right now, Joe Bell is four for four.
The Kenyan Blow morning show is an abortion.
The Jason Jackson show is unlistenable.
The big zero is a horrible replacement and D.A. is terminal and also has a share in the
book.
Now a week from tomorrow, the book is coming out.
A week from a Friday.
Can you handle it?
Are there going to be all gathered around and all whipped up and were the summer book?
Summer book is small potatoes, right?
Yes, not that big of a deal, but it's not bad, I think.
Seven seventy seven is what we have on our poll.
Seven seventy seven.
Seven.
There's working days.
No rejects.
Fort radio five sixty Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
Are you sure you're listening to sports radio five sixty WQ.
A.M.
I am my Miami for the other day.
I am born a Spadano.
Since fearless leader has won Natasha and I no longer have to look for motion squatter.
Instead we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hour.
It's a new are you Spudder than it's in Twitter.
Tonight on our new Spudder than a fifth greater.
The mother of all contestants.
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other.
The same challenges and the same joys.
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge.
The first ever Westbound Pony Express delivery started in Missouri and ended in what
U.S. state.
The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
Which of the following is a country in Africa?
Albania, Argentina, Algeria?
Canada, Mexico and then that trip was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
There are next door neighbors.
And you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
I am so sorry.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
One-one at five sixty W.D. C.M. at our gigantic one to two hours.
The big Galidan rock solid.
Four of the big O.
The big O.
Right?
And that what this hour is?
Uh-huh.
Georgia's out sick today.
We got flea sitting in.
Flea will be back on Friday whether he likes it or not.
Now what's the story?
You're going to show up Friday or not?
Yeah, I'll be here.
But why did you make such a big cynus about it before?
Oh, I don't know if I have to make some arrangements.
Like what?
What could you possibly be doing?
I mean, you're in promotions director.
We don't do any promotions.
Well, I had a lunch today that I moved to Friday so I could fill in today.
So I'll just have to cancel lunch on Friday and push it to the next week.
Yeah, lunch with whom?
Uh, these people from the Allison group which does our artwork.
Our work for what?
When we do ads and POP like when we do Budweiser, flyaways and stuff like that.
When are you going to do a fly away for Jolly Joe?
What do you want to get?
What do you want to send them?
Out the window.
Oh, and here's an email from Joe.
This is the fake Joe Bell.
Neil, this is Joe.
I'm over at the ticket having lunch with George.
He tells me he wants to do a sports show about roller skating.
Oh, we're getting started to get emails from him.
Oh, here's another one from the fake Jolly Joe.
Oh, I'm always listening.
Love your show.
Can you put a cloud pepper on your pool?
Oh, and my pool too.
Very good.
Very good.
The fake.
Oh, here's another one.
Neil, this is Joe Bell.
I don't see Sizzler on the list and also tell George we started drug testing Wednesday.
Oh, well, wouldn't that be something if they did drug testing at the station?
Yeah, that wouldn't be too good.
I don't think.
Not a cool move.
I'll tell you.
Also, David New York City, who's hockey obsessive, says they signed Sean Avery to make that team interesting.
Meaning Dallas.
They got Brad Richards and Sean Avery.
Sean Avery is one of the craziest people who ever put on a pair of skates.
He's a crazy person.
Out of control, lunatic.
He gets into fights before the game even starts.
When they come out for the pre-game skate, he's getting into fights already.
You know Sean Avery, Sean Flea, little bit in Forcer, right?
An idiot, not an enforcer, or a crazy person.
Not an enforcer.
They're a van rind.
We're going to look at Pawtica Ronski and Antropov.
Tiddle repairs at Pawtica Ronski.
That's a nut-co-lite.
Oh, that's that horrendous.
So what the hell's his name?
Bob.
I'm knocked down by Mike Van Rind.
Oh, from TSN.
Just the world's worst.
The world's worst.
That's what they were doing.
They were going there to get on a cruise from there to go see a lot of places.
Oh, my God.
The stuff, the swill that they have on the air, man.
NHL Network talking.
There's not even showing a game.
They're talking hockey.
Oh, it's just like a church sometimes.
The Eagles sword for much of the game.
Johnson for the Inzone.
Hudson!
Hudson!
Jimmy Cole!
And kept putting Joe Montana on ground.
Preji White in that game was terror.
He's fired.
Hudson, boy.
Not only were they right-sacks on Montana, but they were hitting him constantly after he'd throw the ball he got hit.
The big thing was, they were shutting our running game down.
They're running for testing to go with the running game.
So it's tough when they know we're going to throw the ball every time.
They've got their ears pinned back and they're coming to the rush.
Oh, there's jolly Joe Montana.
Oh, boy.
You don't look at day over 100.
You know what?
Do you want to hear the first race from Fort Erie?
Not really.
No.
What do you say, Flee?
Fort Erie racetrack.
I've been there about 100 years ago.
I have never been there.
Why not?
You're a racetrack kind of a guy.
You're a gall-stream guy.
Is it near Lake Erie?
Yeah.
It's near a closer lake on...
Well, yeah, it's kind of like between the two of them.
On straight wise, she's now the favorite, all set.
Got a big field of six here now.
At Fort Erie.
They're off.
They're off.
Perfect start.
That's a dormo with that stretcher.
Did you ever go to Tampa Bay Downs?
Now, there are some real horses ass racing for you.
And that announcer there, he calls every race
like it was the freaking Kentucky Derby.
Screaming and yelling and puking and dramatic and...
Oh, my God.
Talk about a drama queen.
You ever been there?
Yeah, a couple times.
It's not great.
What do you mean by that?
It's kind of a hole a little bit.
It's not that nice.
I've never been there.
Golf streams are a lot nicer.
I'm sure of that.
Well, what it compliments that is
golf stream is a lot nicer than Tampa Bay Downs.
That's like saying that golf stream is a lot nicer than that.
Showed off a betweenалоeromumbles and Dolantis.
And Suffle Downs in Boston too.
Talk about a dump.
God.
How does it compare to wood Jane?
Woodстранes fabulous.
I just asked the H denke.
We were impressed I don't know if it was his first time there.
I'll swing by the cheetah tonight.
Why is hang still hanging out wet Char서 next time
it has the cheetahs.
He looksoop.
You mean presence?
What's in my meeting yesterday?
What's his name? Josh got a call from Hank. Yeah, but he said he'll take it later because he was in a meeting.
But Hank was calling to talk to Josh for something. I don't know. Yeah, because he's got some Friday night football radio show.
It's not not what you think. See right away, you're assuming. Oh, the hopper wants to be assuming anything. I was just telling you. Yeah, he got a call.
Well, he told me about that. He's got some Friday night football show with some goofball that he works with and they want to get it on the CFQM wants to pick it up. That's all. It's with the guy from the Dolphin Digest. Yeah, Tom Curtis is everything. That's it.
Yeah, they're pretty tight. Humphor and Tom.
So, and wouldn't be surprised if what's his name gets in on the show too? Jerk Jerk Street. He's everywhere. I mean, if anybody's picking ball games, man, the jerk mixture's got to be there.
Maybe Jack's Maestro will be there too. Jackson Jerks. Anyway, Mr Radio says, how's it going? I've been listening to you since the late 80s last year on W.I. and Z and mornings on Zated with Captain Dave in the bird.
I really love the early W.I. O.D. days. Who would who would you say did you have the most fun working with? What do you remember about Rick Weaver, sonny Hersh, Hank Goldberg,
Mike Winnery, Henry Barrow, Scott Chape and Mitch Lewis, Steve Cain, Boy Geary, Paul Lyle. I never knew Paul Lyle. He was an IOD long before I was.
The Dean, Alan Burke, never worked with him either. But he turned out to be a really nice guy. Rick and SUDs and Phil Henry Days were a lot of fun as well.
The birds laughed track at a lot to the show, but it was a little annoying when he put his head down or read the paper when you were talking sports.
It always made me laugh when you lay into Joe Zagaki. But he seems like a nice guy. Never stole a freight train. You know something, Mr. Abram, Mr Radio.
There's a lot of nice guys that doesn't mean they belong on the air. In fact, the flea was riffing him and asked before the show today too, Joe Zagaki.
He said in his life, he has never heard anything so grotesque and so embarrassing is those hurricane games. And that what you said.
I don't think those were my exact words pretty close. I think you said, Joe Zagaki sucks. Okay. Isn't that what you said? I don't think there's a melody.
When you called him penis face, I just I just lost it. I have to say that you and Howard's during the best radio host ever listened to says Mr. Radio.
I still remember a lot of your old sponsors, Arnold's Royal Castle, roses. I have no idea what roses is. Char Hut, the Melding Pot, etc.
Whatever happened to E.J., Jim Scotter, Stan Major, etc. Was Davey Gravy line the voice of W.I.N.Z. then kicking ass with 50,000 watts, whatever.
I think I remember the tea lady as well over the W.I.N.Z. jingle. Anyway, thanks for the memories. I'd love to hear you end up on serious XM someday.
Not going to happen, Mr. Radio. Not going to happen. My agent is a dullard. Hey, you can buy their stock today for 50 cents a share. Really? I'll take $3 worth.
That maniac Scott for all gave you a shout out to you the night he was talking about the stations he's worked on mentioned you and Phil Henry is being some of the best how he's ever worked with.
Do you remember that talent coach that came in with Ron and Ron? Yeah, I can't think of his name with a white hair. George would remember it.
Real loser. After you called Ron and Diaz a wooden Indian, he got all been out of shape. That was right before we left and sunny Fox took over. Well, I'm becoming ponderous. So see you buddy.
A jazz McKay references Brian a K a Mr. Radio. I have no line. Right. We know that. Wow. What a suck job that was. A brand is got a couple. He doesn't understand that when we get to the one to two hour, I'm way too tired to be checking out links here.
You know what I mean? A Robi young a picture from 100 years ago. That was worth looking at former WCK RFA AM, which then became IOD and QAM AM this Jackie Robi young the big Kahuna.
The big tuna and also gay, but dead. And here's a picture of the WFU and mobile promotional car on flagrest week during the United Way benefit.
Well, what year was that? 1976. Oh no, it's not. Oh, I see there's a link to the last day of WFU and January 6, 1976 by reporter Bob mayor of WTVJ. There's a link to it. Wow. And this picture looks like it's from 100 years ago.
Do we have that WFU in jingle WF us.
WFU and.
And other hour of.
Here's a.
Wow.
The biggest name.
The best talent. He don't have no logic.
Fort like your five sixty QAM.
Thanks for it's leader.
Get man that I have to.
Oh, you'll be better said.
The event is not only you have to be brought up by that bandit tax.
But if I wanted to buy some time on your station, I couldn't. You don't have real people at seven.
For it. You don't have it on your regular number. I always asked to be a guest on one of your talk shows or I think it's your AM, the WIOD.
They won't even call me back to tell me what the name of the show is.
I worked on your station in nineteen sixty four.
I was sort of prominent guy in Miami.
I buy time and I influence people by time.
And if you people can't get it together to be a federal radio station.
And if you were at the Hull Red station or an EBS station.
I suggest that you take a damn frequency which my grandmother's friend Jesse J put on the air in nineteen twenty six.
And you turn the damn thing off and get out of the business.
You people ought to be ashamed of yourself.
My name is Ruby Young.
And the telephone number is a motel in Miami.
One fifteen.
You people ought to be ashamed.
You shouldn't even be running that facility.
I used to be the boss of the damn thing.
And I think I ran the damn thing and I was trying to ask you are terrible.
You have no credibility in radio.
Now, I've dammed all the piss before I get on the phone to pension.
You get on the phone to me.
You get me to take this back.
I'm a terrible one more.
If the sale goes through, but it will be because you're doomed anyhow.
We'll do what you'll do.
Yeah, good luck to you, Ruby. You're dead.
He's dead.
Hey, Ruby.
You're fairy.
I could tell you some wild stories about Ruby, but I won't.
One sixteen at five sixty. I never met him though.
Several emails.
I'll tell you one thing.
The emails today have been exactly what in, of course that's what George is in here.
When George is here, they're intimidated.
You think that's it?
The Dow is down one eighty eight.
That's kind of leveling off there.
The nice, even nasty number.
There's Ben Bernanke uses, but it moved.
Either case.
All the positives and creditors of Wacovia are fully protected.
Thank God.
And the positives and other customers will experience no interruption in banking services.
By potentially restricting future flows of credit to households and businesses,
the developments in financial markets pose a significant threat to economic growth.
The Treasury and the Fed have taken a range of actions to address the very tight funds.
Well, the Dow is now only down one fifty seven.
See, it's making a little comeback because Ben is going,
buh buh buh buh buh, beep beep beep, your little double talk, you know.
All these financial experts, that's basically what they give you.
You know, it's the new economy against the old economy.
Just sit tight.
This stuff comes back so fast.
Just sit tight.
Yeah.
Just sit tight on the bowl and empty your innards.
$7.99 on Fat Chris's pole.
Well, I sure I hate to think of him emptying his innards.
$801 now.
What's our goal, $850?
Yes, I'm like that.
You got a shot.
You got a shot, Mr. Hodge, shot to be special?
No.
That's Jimmy Johnson.
And of course, now they're all saying,
oh, the dolphins were talking super bowl because, yeah, they're special.
I heard Joe, who was it was it Joe this morning or somebody?
Raving and just going on and on about the great game plan and a running game
and the this and the that.
Oh, geez.
On and on and on.
Last time I checked it, we're two and two.
Am I right?
Correct.
What's the big stimulus with that?
Hey, that's one more win than they have asked here.
That's correct.
And they had all last season, right?
Remember, Carl King and good seasons?
No.
Michael says, Neil God, according to the in trade betting line,
Obama is a 69.6 favorite to win.
I'm beginning to think you are right that it's not close enough to steal anymore.
I sure hope not.
They're projecting a 353 to 185 landslide in the electoral college.
Oh, yeah.
