No portion of this program will be reproduced to help you express written permission of WQAM BP broadcast group incorporated.
The biggest names of Nest Cowell.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560W, you're watching WAM by M.
Wafs.
You're watching Wafs.
You're watching WAM by M.
Wafs.
Oh yeah.
We're gonna be real dangerous today.
560W, July 5th, the Neil Wenger show.
Oh!
WQAM.
You can kick my rear end.
It's the old new Leverto Beaver starring Barbara Gillingsley, Hugh Beaumont, Tony Dough, and Clint Eastwood as the Beaver.
Well, Beaver, you broke your brother's trophy, didn't you?
Yeah.
So what?
Well, Beaver, you've been told time and time again not to touch Wallace things, haven't you?
Oh, yeah, Dad.
But I was just target practicing in my bedroom.
Right out of your box, I need to use something.
Well, I think the first thing you should do is to tell your brother how sorry you are about this whole thing.
Oh, really?
Why is that?
Because you're a little snake, that's why.
Well, I think I can handle this.
Beaver?
No, I don't know.
You don't know if you're sorry?
I don't know if Wally wants me to say I'm sorry.
Well, Wally?
Yeah, that's okay, but just a trophy.
Anyway, it's not real gold.
Yeah, you're telling Wally.
Let me ask you a stupid question.
Did Beaver ever have a real name?
What was his name?
Oh, no, I can't remember.
Oh, yeah.
Hang on.
Sure, Beador.
Oh, that's right, very good.
Theodore?
Well, no, what are they called in Beaver?
What's the name of Beador?
Right, Theodore.
Right, 10, Ted is okay.
Teddy.
Hey, Teddy.
Yeah.
The Theodore.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, when Barbara Billingsley would get bent out of shape,
she'd start calling Theodore, and then she'd go into that
bubonising of hers.
That was...
Excuse me, I speak chive.
That was the best.
Oh, God, I was.
That is one of the best movies I've ever made.
By the way, in case you don't know when you probably already do.
Anything like that, any little clip from a movie like that that you want to see,
it's all on YouTube.
Like, if you just want to see that scene, it's on YouTube.
Anything you want.
It's already on YouTube.
Really?
I could go find it right now.
Barbara Billingsley talking chive?
Yeah.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
It's going to take till midnight to read the damn thing.
Oh, God.
Well, we'll get rid of this when we get to a thousand votes.
So vote a lot on it.
We got eight something.
What do we got?
Eight, 60.
Oh, yeah.
We'll get to a thousand this hour, I think.
Or whenever.
Take the wish-mix.
You can't.
What?
Takes two minutes just to scroll through it.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's going to take me till midnight just to read all the-
And of course, I got to do them all and do justice to all of them.
It's a tight game.
It's a shame.
I forgot we can't play that.
Anyway, there it is.
What a way to start a bit.
Yeah.
This is sheer-
Anyway, I'll email you the link.
He was trying to bring me-
He was trying to bring me-
I'll straighten down.
And by the way, John McCain is-
What I tell you-
Crazy, then a bed bug.
Oh, it's not important when they come back of the troupe.
He's-he's a lunatic.
He's a staggy old nut job.
Period.
Which is good.
That's exactly what we need.
What was the most depressing movie ever made?
Brian's song, 71.
It's been on top from the get-go, as they say.
And whoever says get-go, they ought to be shot.
Let's see, now what about when we did this to the other time?
I'm sure it was-
No, it was not.
Requiem for a dream, one by 25 vote.
Look at that.
What's this all about?
I don't think our audience now has seen Requiem for a dream.
You better do your homework, folks.
About 100 degrees in the shade.
It cost 80 bucks to fill up your gas tank.
So I would go out and get Requiem for a dream.
And then you'll realize, hey, you think you've got problems, right?
But you'll feel much better about your own life.
If you have one.
I have no lie now.
Brian's song, 71.
Old Yellow 57.
Requiem for a dream, only 55.
The deer 139.
Sophie's choice, 34.
Leave you Las Vegas, 30.
Elephant Man, 28th.
That was a late edition.
Up to.
Midnight Express, 25.
Oh, let's go take a shower.
That was a true story.
What was his name?
Who?
Den.
Oh.
Bread.
Pit.
No.
Midnight Cowboy 25.
Davis.
Bread Davis.
Oh, it's Jordan's.
I speak, John.
Oh, cool.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Well, she's not going to say a Shiite.
All right.
What we got for you, son?
He said that she's in great pain and he wants to know if you could help me.
All right.
Well, you tell him to just relax and I'll be back as soon as I can with some medicine.
Just hang this blood.
She could have said she'll probably read that out of me.
I'm not going to read his notes.
I'll write him.
All right.
I was going to say, uh, I know.
Terms of Endearment 23, Cuckoo's Nest 22, Saving Rhymes Privates 21, Love Story 19.
Oh, that was depressing.
Ray Milan was in that.
I was the heartless father, you know.
I never saw that movie.
Really?
Really?
Well, you didn't miss the thing.
I was like, don't you?
Thank God.
Ali McGraw.
That's Ray Milan.
Yeah.
Love.
Why do they make those kinds of movies?
Because they can.
I get people are too happy because there's a lot of people.
They're really people.
I want to go see that.
They're too many happy people in the world.
They need to be brought down.
American History X 17, 1984, 16.
Pay it forward 16.
Ordinary people, 15.
Mystic River, 14.
Bambey, 13.
Easy Rider, 12.
Ten for American Beauty and Boiling for Columbine and what dreams may come.
Nine for West Eden Gilbert Gravesisler running the Green Mile Titanic Philadelphia and looking for Mr. Goodbar.
Eight for City of God.
Seven, mask the Champ Glinger Eglund Ross cast away the last American version of Graves' Arat Deliverance.
What was depressing about Deliverance?
I guess they didn't like what happened.
Why not?
I don't know.
Not a happy ending?
Yeah, it was fine.
I couldn't sure what was special.
You?
Six for the Kilomockingbird Ghost Beaches JFK, the House of Sand and Faw, Kramer versus Kramer.
Five for Blade Runner, Bulley and Lenny.
Four for my life, Bridges of Madison County of Mice and Men.
I'll watch that someday.
You said O'Jacket born free on the beach.
Irreversible monsters, balls, El Norte.
Three, a whole bunch of mad trees.
Saddest music in the world, Charlie.
All mine to give, raging bull.
Dancer in the dark, the pianist.
Happiness, clockwork orange.
I don't think there was anything depressing about that.
No.
Thought it was one of the all-time greatest.
There's funny, funny ending.
Well, the people of these three people have voted maybe a little dim.
AT, the hour is death in Venice, breaker, marante, Romeo and Julietta.
Romeo and Julietta.
Ta-da-da-da.
Memento 3, casualties of war three.
Two for Chinatown Splinter in the grass.
Bar fly the sorrow on the pitty little match girl, bang the drum slowly.
City of Angels, family of the dolls, and the Grey Zone and Train Spotting.
And one for Sunday, bloody Sunday, the heart is lonely, Hunter, Cruisin,
Honky Talk Man, Sleeper.
Once upon a time in America, talk radio murdered in the first Captain Crowley's mandolin.
Happy on.
Kids, Jack the Bear, O'Reilly Joe.
Poor Robbie Benson, man.
He'd done it.
He jumped off the telehatchy bridge, Robbie.
Yes he did.
I did it with him.
Topped off the bridge?
No.
Citizen Kane won and Magnolia won.
Don't start with that fact stuff again.
You went over the top.
I think I had my fact quotient for the rest of the week yesterday.
With that limited whiteing stuff that you started in.
Yeah, yeah.
No votes.
None.
Out of 800 and almost 900 votes.
None.
For the sorrow and the pitty suddenly last summer, deep impact running on empty jungle fever.
Bloody Sunday under the volcano, the professional, a beautiful mind, the crossing guard,
the lovers and the cube.
Rhymes with...
Tube!
Rhyme.
And cube.
So there's that a lot of depressing movies.
But like I said, some of them, if you watch some of the real trials and tribulations of the people in the movies,
you think, oh, I'm doing so much better in my own life than I thought it, then I realized.
Life could be a lot worse.
So what do you think?
I think we switch it now.
Do you think that's a good idea?
No.
Why?
I just wanted to say no.
What a bastard.
God.
Why you want to be negative today?
We got all positive stuff going on today except for Jolly Jobelle, who feels that we need to...
we need to hear about every hostile or negative or critical email that he gets.
I'm going to start forwarding all the fan mail that we get.
You, me, both Chris, anybody.
Yeah, that's you take a long time.
Sure.
Here's the new poll.
Which talentless child of privilege capitalized best on his or her family's fame and fortune.
And what a good list we've got.
Joel Feinberg, Paris Hilton, John F. Kennedy, Jr.
Oh, yeah, JFK Jr. I'm putting that.
He was just...
I mean, I...
Okay, so he died in a plane crash, but in the meantime he had no talent.
His magazine was boring.
He was boring.
He had nothing.
Anderson Cooper, Ashley Simpson, Casey Affleck, Greg Gumball, Donald Televersacee, Nicole Richie, Donald Trump Jr.
See, again, then we just do this poll?
No.
We talked about it.
I read the poll.
I talked about it.
And I asked who the hell's Donald Trump Jr.
And we didn't know then and we don't know now.
Maybe is this from Sean from Hollywood by a chance?
No.
Who's this from?
I don't know.
From Shamrock.
Right.
It's definitely Shane.
What's wrong with Charlie Shane?
I mean, I'm not a big fan of him.
Nothing good.
But, you know, his...
Yeah, I just...
Sophia Coppola, I'm on a team.
George W. Bush, Paris Hilton and Joel Feinberg.
A magnificent bunch of choices there for you.
And we've already got a smattering of votes on the new poll.
Yeah, that will be poll.
The depressing will be poll.
Depressing.
Enough with that crap.
Middle of the summertime, it's 100 degrees in the shade.
One thing you don't want to do is get everybody all depressed.
Now, today is Thursday.
What means it noon?
And it's also the second of last day of the full,
a neoscadial here until the summer schedule starts on Monday.
Nothing I'm looking forward to that.
I think like that.
Or even better news.
Now, we're going to have another winning night of Woodbine last night.
But the guy who was threatening to stalk you,
you know, he didn't come by.
He wasn't there.
Or I'll see you inside me.
Or maybe he just was standing in the off to the side, staring.
Luring.
Lurking.
Luring.
Luring and lurking.
How would you like to be the new Jack of Rock?
You could be the new face for the Hard Rock Casino and Hotel
to help getting the word out of our blank Jack coming to the
Seminole Hard Rock Hotel in Casino to submit your video application
to three minutes or less, just log on to wqam.com.
You could be the newest rock star in town.
Got it.
You want to be the Jack of the Jerk Rock?
Yeah, winner.
I think you have all the qualifications.
Got some great news, by the way.
Except for that British switlery liquor, who called yesterday,
when I got, was just really fouled.
Got some great news about the new polls.
A post-primary bump for Obama.
Ow!
He's kicking McCain's ass.
That was even before McCain said,
oh, who cares about when the troops come home?
WQA and hello.
Damn.
Yes.
I'm a...
Paul.
What is it?
I got something for your Paul.
For the little one?
Jim Belushi.
Okay.
And also, you know...
And have a great day.
You want to put him on your Jim Belushi?
No.
Why not?
Is that an answer to the question?
Which talentless child of privilege capitalized most?
Uh-huh.
On his or her family's name in fortune.
I'm not saying I agree with him, but I mean...
Oh, I thought the implication is that they had famous parents.
Family.
Alright.
It could be a sibling.
It could be like a John.
I mean, if he wants to, I don't think he qualifies, but...
Why not?
I mean, he's not, you know, great or gay busters, but...
Well, so what about Charlie Sheen?
Alright.
What about...
How does Sheenie Epps?
What's wrong with him?
He's a good actor.
Alright, we'll put him on there.
Listen, it's not a question whether you agree or I agree.
You're not going to understand that.
Okay.
No.
This guy, he wants him on there.
I know.
What about...
What's his name?
What's his name?
Frankie Limon on the team name.
Oh, that's a good guy.
I don't know.
Just a joke, Chris.
Don't go putting it on there.
Oh, I already did.
Yeah, probably already did.
Oh, from it, it's after 10-5-5-60-WQM.
We got the jerk show at two.
Wow.
Oh, my God.
That is scary.
Mad Dog, it's your last day, two at four.
Six-fifty, we got the first bitch with Jesse Agner to Marlon Pregame, ten minutes with
nine and a half minutes of spots.
Dolphins tonight with Kimmelboke, emperor at seven and then, DA from eight to eight-twenty.
He's going to double duty, we just twenty minutes tonight because then we got the NBA finals.
Game four to Celtics at the Lakers.
Ask me if I care about the Celtics or the Lakers or the Heat or the Pistons or the Fort Wayne Pistons
Zalmers is what the original team was.
Did you know that, Chris?
No, I didn't.
The Fort Wayne Pistons Zalmers.
Don't ask me what a Zalmer is.
I have no idea.
I continue with a Piston, is.
What's a Zalmer?
Want a lottery, Pop Little Boy?
Have you seen how much a gallon of gas costs today?
Right, but like gas prices.
Looks like it's going to be four dollars this summer.
Maybe I don't know.
This is ridiculous.
Thank you.
The Fort.
Ridiculous.
Gas prices.
Bring it to him.
I don't know.
That is my money.
Shut up and give me some money.
It's not there.
Shut up with high gas prices.
They can't afford to pay for it.
That's how you price on the thing.
What?
Pistons?
Persecular.
Ten, eighteen, and five, sixty,
WQ Amid Show is its ridiculous.
Your close personal friend Brandon suggests for the poor Brooke Hogan.
Oh, yeah.
Who I guess is getting her own reality show now, too.
They sure is.
She really else has got their own reality show.
Isn't that something?
Is she got any talent at all?
Oh, does her daddy have any talent?
No.
No.
It runs in a family.
Mm-hmm.
Speaking of a reality show,
is Gene Simmons' family jewels?
Why does anybody care about Gene Simmons anymore?
Or, or, or, or, or did?
Well, if you were a kiss fan, like I am.
Then the offense 100 years ago.
It's a funny show, though.
I've never watched it.
By the way, we got an email suggestion for George Bush for the poll.
The original?
This one.
No, W.
The one that's leading the poll right now.
EW.
23 votes.
He's leading the poll.
But that always happens.
You know, in other words, don't look at it,
or don't wait till I read the result.
In fact, I just got through reading the results,
and I read his name, but ready.
Well, somebody, you're so negative today.
I don't understand.
I think you're probably sour,
because, you know, that's starting next week.
You're going to be working to do in the show three days a week.
That's sour at all.
And having to come up with a poll three days a week.
Wow.
That's going to be a really tough ass assignment.
It's a challenge.
Maybe your close friends out there, Charlie B, and Sean from our label.
That's right.
Send your whole batch of new polls.
New refreshing, great, and Liz.
Come on, all you people.
Liz?
Yes.
Who's Liz?
Who's Liz?
The poll that we're using right now is hers.
Shamrock?
Yeah, once you get her, you're going to be able to address out
on the air too, hypocrite.
What are you talking about?
Well, you are a real bastard this year, and I've said,
it's a good thing I'm not going to be here much next week.
After a little whole summertime.
You're a bastardo this week.
You are giving me a meal today.
I'm going to have a hit with it.
I'm dumb.
What else?
What else?
What else?
What else do people call me?
You're giving me your meal addresses out on the air.
I don't give people's email addresses out unless they want to get a
little with mine.
Okay.
Like Joe Bell.
Oh, and Kelly Osborne.
Hey, there you go.
Give his email address out on the air.
I don't want it.
They already know it.
Kelly Osborne.
Absolutely.
57 votes on the poll.
The new one, which talentless child of privilege, capitalized best
on his or her family's fame and fortune, etc.
W24, Parasel 18.
JFK Jr. 6.
Joel Feinberg 2.
One for Anderson Cooper, down to fellow Versace, Nicole Richie, Donald Trump Jr.
Westell, and who that is.
Charlie Sheen and Kate Hudson and Sophia Coppola.
She's only got one.
My God.
Dad.
Dad.
Dad.
We're hoping to have any yet in either the Zimilusiaxley Simpson, KC Aflacker, Greg Gumball.
What about Joaquin Phoenix?
What about him?
You want to put him on there?
If you want to.
I mean, he's everybody's bad, his brother.
Oh, now what does that mean?
River Fee, Opinus, was a bad actor?
They're both mediocre.
Or are is.
I say this.
He's ugly anyway.
I'm looking for him.
He's got a hair lift.
Oh, and who's the other one?
Rob Lois' brother.
Chadlo.
Chadlo.
Put him on there immediately if not sooner.
Give me a break.
Chadlo, my ass.
He is.
Oh, we already had this story.
Sorry, Brandon, about the stalker filming himself masturbating itself.
Oh, no, this is a different.
I'm sorry.
Remember that one?
Yeah.
Now where's this from?
Does it have like a location, anything like that?
No.
That's the daily telegraph, so it's Brit.
Then Brit's man, they're really busy.
A stalker filmed himself masturbating and sent it to his victim's mobile phone while she was a
police station making it complaint about him.
The video gave police the evidence they needed to charge him.
The G-LONG advertiser reports.
What is that?
The G-LONG advertiser.
Sounds fresh.
No.
Benjamin Baker, 27, of Princess Highway and Coriob Victoria pleaded guilty in G-LONG
magistrate's court.
Well, this must be Australian.
Doesn't it sound?
Does?
Does stalking and using a telecommunications device to harass?
Police prosecutor Sheeten Shotton, S-E-A-T-O-N.
How would you say it?
Seatten?
Well, Alyssa said Baker repeatedly harassed his victim by phone and sent her a video of him
masturbating.
Unfortunately for Baker, one of his video calls was made while the one was at her local
police station laying it complaint.
She was laying it.
The victim answered the call to find Baker again masturbating and she showed the officer
taking her statement, seeing her constable a little stole the court.
Magistrate Tim McDonnell called Baker's conduct, disturbing and finding three grand.
His conduct was disturbing.
Quit disturbing everybody.
Okay, put that thing away.
People are starting to talk.
You idiot.
Now, what's this?
Oh boy.
Somebody sent this into us.
Neil, I hope you had a great chavuice.
I didn't even know it was chavuice.
You're not doing a good job of keeping me up to it in the start.
I got my calendar right here.
And when was chavuice?
When is some historic?
That's what I'd like to know.
June 9th was chavuice.
The first day of next when you got to look forward to his tish above.
Or tish above, that's one of my very favorites.
Even the glam can enjoy tish above all day.
Sunday August 10th.
Really?
August 10th?
Yeah.
You know his birthday that is, don't you?
No.
Paco.
Oh, well, happy birthday.
It's a long ways off.
Not far enough though.
Problem gamblers hit Ontario casinos with a $3.5 billion lawsuit.
This is right up my alley, baby.
I'll illegally, I don't know what, I got a streak going.
It's just done cany.
I don't know where it is.
One another thousand bucks last night.
In fact, that'll cover that check that I might send to a courtist this week.
I'll get around to it.
Don't let me forget about it.
Okay.
I just don't like being like one of those people every time somebody snaps their fingers.
You just, oh, I'm going to go into the room right now and put it in the mail.
I'll get around to it.
You know, right now I don't want to.
I'll get around to it today or tomorrow.
A $3.5 billion proposed class action lawsuit has been launched on behalf of thousands of
addicted gamblers who led to the a** to be barred from Ontario's casinos, but we're still
allowed in.
I bet your Maurice was in this.
Crazy Maurice, the frog.
The suit was filed against the Ontario Lottery and Gaining Corporation on Tuesday in Toronto,
claiming that the corporation did not do enough for those who signed up for a self-exclusion.
A program that allows people to have themselves banned from casinos so they can curb their ruinous,
gambling habits.
None of the allegations has been proven in court in a statement of defense as not even
filed.
Those who signed up for the program are photographed and registered and their information is
stored in binders at every provincial casino.
If they're caught trying to enter casinos, they can also be arrested for trespassing.
But gamblers who spoke with CBC News on Condition of Anonymity said the program doesn't work.
One woman said she registered for the program at her gambling addiction letter back to the
casinos soon after.
I walked through and nobody even looked at me.
She said I kept gambling for next couple of years.
And losing her a** no doubt.
Lawyers say the OLG should be using high tech system to catch self-banned gamblers, and
Netherlands gamblers present photo-idead casinos and their ideas checked against the computer
database.
Lawyers say.
Lawyers Jerome Morse said the suit has designed help addicted gamblers who've lost large sums
of money in their families.
He also hopes the suit will bring about changes at casinos across the continent.
We hope it sets a precedent that not only benefits all members, but that will benefit
anyone who's subject to the dangers of gaming in North America, he said.
One thing I can't stand is gambling.
Ontario has settled nine individual lawsuits pertaining to self-exclusion, but has never
been hit with large-class action suit.
The OLG has argued in the past that it's ultimately up to the gamblers themselves to stay
away from casinos, although the corporation's expressed interest in obtaining facial recognition
technology to improve its screening process.
Like process cheese.
I bet your Maurice is involved and I maybe can get some of his money back.
I don't.
I'm on the side of the street.
He's done proud with the money.
He looks at me.
He's the sports leader.
I'm all the time.
I don't give a crap what that ferry has to say.
If you want to score things to guys that laugh.
I'll have you know.
I know what I'm talking about.
Every morning at the condo I take the elevated down and on my way to the car when I put my
clothing basket out.
I give a three condo piece.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
I said the toys are back and pow.
The toys are back and pow.
Why you lose it?
I'm like a Hori, the sport whole fool.
I know everything that's going on in the news.
I'm like a Hori, the major rule.
I'm up to the judges.
Daddy O'Rooz.
Do you guys enjoy soccer today?
It's a better show when I take you place.
I know I ain't no way I'm playing me, but when they drop my boys will Jay
1033 27 before 11 and 560 WDQ and I said we'd take a million calls today, but first we have to get some
Okay, I don't see anything happening now. I'll go call some rangers up and have them come
Go calls find some people in the building that's holding the cone in the show. Well first let me write out what I want them to say
fight a few jerks
And right out where you'd like them to say and have that's right
They also do that they write out what they want them to say they go over it. They go over. Yeah, it's all out of here
Get out of here man. They're they're told what to say. I don't think it's scripted literally, but you know
That is pathetic
What do we show that sign? I don't know
Facing assured of foreign exotic dances a group representing 53 of Ontario strip club owners is turning to immigration consultants to find a loophole in the rules governing foreign workers
The adult entertainment Association of Canada is looking for alternative legal ways to our foreign-born strippers and dancers
One way might be to use foreign student visas since foreign students can now work for 20 hours a week in any job
So the group's executive directed Tim Labrinos in 2004 then Minister of Citizenship and immigration Canada Judy's grow resigned
After extending the visa of Romanian exotic dancer who have worked for her election campaign in the wake of the public outcry
Immigration officials have been looking at each individual application and visa offices have brought around to orders to
Screen out women
I think might be victims of trafficking don't lead health criteria or don't have a way home after their visas expired
This is led to a reduction of work permits and extensions granted to foreign strippers from 4 to 23 in
2014 to just 17 in 2006 up to 98% of foreign exotic dancers who apply for visas get turned down
Sid Lambrinos. That's bad
Have a shortage of
Exotic foreign dances and a shortage of heterosexual men
There is oh here. Yeah, Q a.m. Hello. Good. That's where to go that Q a.m
Okay, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon that was a very weak Eddie wasn't
Very weak any imitation pathetic and also a bad phone
Well, look at that phone today man. There isn't a peep on that thing. That's really bad once the delay catches up though
You'll see
WQA and Bruce Ross Marr-Holly Davidson and Dateland Dodge presents the 105 days of Harley
You could be one of 56 winners of a 2008 Harley Davidson motorcycle and a free two-year winner a two-year lease
on a 2008 Dodge Ram like I said to register be one of the 56 finalists to go to any Bruce Ross Marr-Holly
Or Southay Dodge showroom who does location log on at WQM.com. It's the 105 days of Harley from the station putting some excitement between your legs
Welcome sports radio 5 60 WQM. I'm not gonna read that I'm not reading sports radio
Good. I'm not I'm crossing it off good. I'd like to know who tight this out if it was a flea your good friend
Somebody better slap him up the side of that course. He's with buddies with Joe Bell. Yeah
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
Yes, sir. I got some problems here. I'd like to know. Yeah, you know what's the first one? Yeah, the first one is I have no life
And the second one the third one too
WQ I am hello
Hey, yeah, have you heard of the Beverly Hills Cafe implantation? Oh boy. Say you might
5 6 7 0 5 60 the town with no material baby. They just ran out one day. It's like like gas
You know in the car you can drive around for a long time sometime and then all of a sudden the car comes to a halt because it ran out of gas
That's what happened in South Florida
They ran out of material years ago. Not not something new. I mean a long time ago. I think maybe like 10 and a half years ago
When we first had down on a second floor there remember that
Mm-hmm and we said to our each other like what what's going on here? This is a different crowd. There's something different. Oh, yeah, it's a different
Everything was different about coming over here. Oh, yeah, that'd be the Q way and hello
Yeah, man. Hello. Hello. Okay. I listen, you know, I've never been more depressed than when I left the
Star Wars pre-queues movie so I don't know why that wasn't on there. Yeah, it's too late. Yeah, I know bad. My bad. Okay, man
Mm-hmm. I
Have been more depressed than the sense I heard that call
Pretty weak. Who who five six them come on. Let's get with it here. These group balls out there
What's the story today? This is why you know what it is and we haven't talked about it
Starting about a month ago. This is when people who can afford you they get out of town right vacation type time of year like like for me that
Summer schedule starts next week and who knows when I'll be taking a whole week in the vanishing van moosing
Swimming across the ocean
Can't afford to fly anymore, right? Well, you float
Yeah, but your arms get so tired after you get about a third of the way over yeah, you have to stop it have to stop in green land or float on your back for a while
Float
Q.A.M. Hello. Hey, you know, I was a John. No, okay. How many Q.A.M. Hello?
You
You're about to get the pair at the top. Wtq. Y.M. Hello
We Wtq. Y.M. Hello
And now yeah, hey nobody. Okay, pali. Hey, uh, so what's going on today? No calls today?
When you got you called you must have something to say, but I doubt it. What do you got?
Well, I was just studying your picture life right on the internet. I'm good. Now. I'm glad
Find a new hobby. I have no life. He was studying my pictures. Oh
Good golly Miss Molly
Oh, you need to spend a lot more time with South Florida near your out of touch. Thank God
Thank God. There's one thing in my life that I'm so pleased about is that I don't have to be there
126 votes on the pool. What talent was child or for oh, we should also put on a jury van dyke
Okay
Got it who?
Cherry van dyke. Remember dick van dyke? Oh, I know him. That was his talentless brother. Never heard of him
Well, whatever
The for the poll question isn't did George here of this one or that one the poll question is you know
I didn't say that was an answer to the poll question. I'm just saying
Well, you reason so much more into doing some research when you're finished studying those pictures from Gulfstream
Oh, yeah, then then start studying about your event dyke all the dykes
George W. 62 parasilton 38 JFK junior 9
So via Coppola 3 Joel Feinberg 3 and after that it's a small potato
Fourth later
You got
Where the back
It is
Oh, well as anybody heard a father
Father
I heard
I heard
You know what my father bird well he was on the rainbow and then burgling turd
Oh, my father bird was burgling turd that's what I heard
Lift my dress for the Lord
Father Mary
Father heard
It's
Over psychic
Oh
Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Her
Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers
Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers
Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers
Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers! Hergolinkers
Hergolinkers W improve. grants,50560, 55065ðŸ¤— Solo.
Ela.
Description, to review on true beasts and about them!
Cleans off your jugar.
they're calling in within the building on a certain show and they have that is
really true yes are they paying because I can give them some input payment if
they like by the word no no all right then I'll stay on employees I guess you
will 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 relief horizon and singular wireless line WDQ
and I'm going to be a little bit more than I am hello yeah talking you'll please
speaking new yep happy is in the source with realize that when someone like you
does get to the point where they do retire and you have all these talking
schmendorx or on the radio reading off a telepropter a piece of paper in
front of them they're going to realize that entertainment has crucially died
yeah and that's what it is I mean you get guys who just called in like the guy
who is just before me what have you what are they looking for what do they want
do they have a life no if they if they did they wouldn't be listening to the
radio obviously if they did they sure so wouldn't be calling and I'm sorry
everybody have a right to yeah oh guess he shot himself in the foot
that one I listen that's what it's all about behind the anonymity of the phone
everybody's a big shot everybody's got big balls and everybody's got a big mouth
a great go ahead that's what they pay me for just sit here and just you know
right kill four hours in a very boring place every day four hours in a
terminal ponderous place where it's 180 degrees in the shade nine months a year
for the humidity is so high even mosquitoes are moving out oh all you do is
bitching complain and blah blah blah and of course working for this company by
the way under the circumstances we've had recently anybody that most other
people wouldn't bitching complain they'd just got walked out people with less
stick to this than I got I got stick to it of this whatever that means
well you're sticking to it some stupid yeah WQ I am hello I know that in
lord has made a special place in heaven for childhood
and head to WQ I am hello yes hey I think the audience went a little more
insight on you and Taco what's going on up there Toronto more insight yeah
if you feel it's in that you got it yeah you take it out on and what's going on
but you gave your car I have no way I said I have no right could you post a blog
oh yeah what's going on not what you think but you think you conjure up any kind
of images in your mind that you want sir it'll make you happy get all whipped up
inside keep you going everybody's an expert on my life I'm George's life
people at that Chris is like and they're one of the white cuz they don't have no
life that's right so they have to be involved deeply in everybody else's life
what he said is part of the job we provide lies for those who don't have it
that is correct they can live vicariously through us WQ I am hello good morning
uncle nail how are you okay what you please add Melissa Rivers to your poll please
I hate oh yeah I need to change my vote okay all right if you do that for me to
appreciate it and have a good day buddy you got it have a wonderful life Melissa
Rivers I know who that is see there what just because you haven't heard of her
that's what you would have said it's Joe Rivers daughter she's on all those
those that is yeah yeah but is she like I'm I thought they invented the word
mocking just for her oh there you go again they were anti-Semitic comments just
because she's got a big nose you wait that what's his name art to Tittle Boomer
he's gonna come after you yeah yeah yeah how about me who are you hello hey
Neil yes I need some advice okay sounds like it take him my wife out to dinner
what do you what do you think is better Bruce Chris or Morton can't go wrong in
either one okay what does that mean I mean it's or I'd be sitting on the throne
every day when taking a half hour to figure out which hand you're gonna wipe
your ass with I mean it's not I'm always right yeah well good for you how
about your ass yeah I can't go wrong with either one Morton's is great Ruth
Chris is great it all depends on what right right you know that we're where he
lives because he could go to the fish company sure 15th Street fish company or
15th Street fisheries whatever it is one of our finest concerts in other words
River Hill whoever they are life cafe okay sir what would you give us is 240
minutes of infotainment and the labyrinth of our mind yeah thank you very much
sir okay enough of the sucking please WQA and hello hello now what do you want
hey I wanted to know if you have Miley Cyrus on your pole no well I do we do I think
I think you should put her and see if the thoughts of a tween her to old man
because they're both no talent hack amen okay thank you sir my least
Cyrus you got that face and we got her on that good all the talentless nepotistic
people all the time whatever that means 5 6 7 0 5 6 you got a good we got a good
run on a call is going out we're building up some good low but I do want to
pass this along some good news for Obama people they's have to be coming as
parties presumptive nominee and receiving an endorsement from his swirly
Democrat Barack Obama's open-to-general election campaign with a six-point
edge over John McCain and the most interesting thing in the Keith Obermann was
hyperventilating about last night is the demographics where he's ahead in
other words where people thought he was going to be in big trouble and ahead
ahead match up Obama leads McCain among African Americans 83 to 7% that we
knew Hispanic 62 to 28% you following these women 52 to 33% Catholics 47 to
40 independence 41 to 36 and even blue collar workers 47 to 42% Obama's
also had among those to say voted for Clinton 61 to 19% yet among white men
who made up 36% of the electorate in the last presidential election Obama
trails McCain by 20 points 55 to 35 points that's the only reason why the
election is close white men red mix good old boys don't want to vote for no
darky that's what that's all about right you about your company with white
men and white suburban women and the poor McCain has what seemed to be even
bigger challenges they include president bush was appropriating stands at
25% as well as an electorate that wants change from the president's policies
they don't want four more years of big bush and they certainly don't want some
daughtering old fool who comes on TV and says dumber things every week that
thing with Matt Lauer about the soldiers not important when they come back tell
that to their families tell that to them I'd like I'd like to see make another one
of his 4,000 visits to his photo ops in Iraq and tell the troops outside
important when you get out of here what's important is that we're going to
win of course nobody knows what that means when it's like a Vietnam what
what what does it mean to win how do you win what we're not when all the
shears in the sue as soon as the shearings and the Kurds stop killing each other
that when you win sure when it gonna happen when we win and then then he's
then they showed a clip where he's talking about well by the end of 2013 the
troops will all be home and blah blah blah I mean the fact that he's even got
more than like 10 percent in the poll shows there's something really really
wrong
let's guess with the
Larry Fã…Ž
scream and Clint Eastwood as
Alright you not go ahead be careful with my stuff don't break anything
Tested out my bed are you curly?
Take that and you porcupine take my dresser upstairs
Oh, yeah, are you ready?
Don't know about you guys, but I talk like this all the time
You guys just be yourselves
What a bunch of ass holes
What a great fleet that was what about to add holes that was good
I got one that's even better than that, but I better not play it though
It's a Joe Rose saying go something you're behind. It's 11.01 at 560 WQAM
And the like the guy said without Bokeh Brian is sure wouldn't be squad
Is he right?
So everybody sent him a bunch of money you can use it then who get off my track
Now I'm wondering if he thinks that because I moved up his
Steipend a month this time I get the feeling that he feels it's gonna be perpetually moved up a month
And perpetuity, you know, I mean yeah, I don't know
What do you mean you don't know why do you always run away from these things?
I don't know what right away like what on the on Bokeh Brian's keeper. Yes. Oh, okay. You're a sage and you're a spokesman
I see all right. Well then let's let's talk about it
Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the US military at Gitmo have the right to challenge the detention and federal court the Supreme Court rule today
the decision
Marked another legal blow to the Bush administration's war on terrorism policies in a five to four ruling the justice to
Said the US military lacks the legal autonomy to prosecute as many as 300 prisoners an issue with the rights of the
Detainees to contest their imprisonment as well as the rules established to try them in military tribunals a
Congressional law passed in 2006 would limit court jurisdiction to hear such challenges
It is a legal question the justice is to tackle three times since 2004 included is ruling
Each time the high court ruled against the government's claim that it has the authority the whole people at labels enemy combatants
Which can be anybody could be you I don't think they like your attitude
Could be a lot of these cars too their enemy combatants make no mistake about that
They're probably sitting right over there and what's his name Joel Feinberg's old office?
Who's running that place now besides Howard Davis you read that story about who took it over so I don't know
I haven't heard anything since then what story was that a while back he said that they
What is it the change of management? I forget what it was but you read something about it. I did. Mm-hmm. Who cares?
You you know Hank was on for 17 minutes with Sid Rosen cradstein Schwarzberg
You know I said at time he that was the
Idiot the quarter-schlock guy he has become
More annoying than anybody to me. I mean I'm sure that there are a couple of others who are more annoying still to you
But to me he's the most annoying of them all they're all they're all the same
Is that how it goes? Yeah, I'm like you know like when you watch a penis cartoon try around
Yeah, and you hear the adult
Like that
Clitten bit that you have oh, yeah, I was getting some chapequal
That's all I hear anymore when those people call
No matter who it is quarter-schlock time well you're gonna get practice because you're gonna have a lot of calls this summer
I'm gonna have all ringers starting on Monday. I George is gonna start writing up scripts over the weekend
Handing him out around a building and setting up people to call it right with some dicks to talk about the building on a building
Or the streets of homeless people
Roar skating and crystal meth and stuff like that right
Nobody Q.A.M. Hello
He's gagging on it
That was good Q.A.M. Hello. Hey me. Oh the morning. Yes, sir. Are you gonna be catching any up countdown to see me?
Well, what does that mean?
Well, yeah, I think I think I'll have another special comment regarding Mr. McKay's gap. Yeah, yeah, Mr. Lauer
How? Well, Mr. Lauer? Well, Mr. Crowman, let me tell you. I don't know. I don't kind of like plan my day around what I'm gonna watch
I'm gonna
Yeah, I guess I should say hey, how's it going? How are you doing? Yeah, that would be good
Don't you wish I think about this after here in a star? Yes
Not just one time a politician will get up just one time and say that they don't believe and you know those those fairy tales and you know
Suggest that they are an atheist
That has even true
Just eventour said and it took him right off the air
But what now I miss you. What was that? Let me say it again. Just even Tura did say that. Oh, that's right
Yeah, yeah, the no longer governor I got you
Right
I don't know. He's on the CNBC for one night. Right
Now that's what one of them or maybe a couple more now. I guess that would grow some balls or whatever
You know, say how they really feel. I don't know. I love this and handball of them. Right. Well, that's I thought I got there
But I just want to see you. Okay. Okay. Well five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
And the Verizon singular wireless line. Let's get these phones cranking baby. Where's a lady caller for Christ's
Yeah, where's a lady? How are you doing with the ladies like Joe would say the ladies in the
Marlins he's got kind of a clogger, you know, yes, I can't use to say dolphins and Joseph's
Marlins
But I can't say the way he says it Marlins. It's just kind of like a jack talk, you know, mm-hmm. WQ. Way. I'm hello
Hey, Molly. Yes, sir. Hey, no, if you can chance to I hope you're nice enough to do it, but can you play that that
big where that guy's threatened to sue you for saying
Oh, yeah, that out of here
Now they want me to play the bits about them to it's not bad enough they're calling him and a boyfriend or call like
6,000 times today and that was him too, but
Can you play the bit where we are Reverend Jolens is threatening to sue you?
You know, you know, it's just it's pathetic if we just fell right there. No, listen. Yeah, exactly
How do we do that? We could open up a store the life store and we could sell artificial lives to people who don't have any
We could have different different kinds of life. It's it's just
There are no words to describe how pathetic it is right
They've invented an entire existence around crime. I'm sure not just calls to this year
I'm sure calls to anybody and everybody that's right call up footsie. Okay. He can use your assistance
Okay, call up footsie. He'll love you. We could have life options, you know
Like he want to fish him in his life. You know things like that. Yeah, yeah
Total recall or her and then to make a real exciting. We could have like let's make a deal
We can have door number one two or three and finally you know pick a door and we can have a
Life is behind which is a sale rack for people right?
Don't want their lives anymore if we get so remote cheap. Nobody Q a.m. Hello
So I have a lot of honey in last night and I should not be chopping my car right now
Nobody Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
That was him wasn't that was Stan Major. I thought it was for L
That was Stan Major for L
I sure wouldn't want to see that
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. I wonder if I wonder if my two grand made it into probably worth about 200 grand right now
When you think with interest could buy a lot of gas. I'm at two grand. Oh, and it's the first thing we're gonna do is pay you back
And my boy. Yeah, right
Anybody that needs any money don't come to me. That's my best suggestion to you. Okay. My money is all accounted for and then some
Do not come to me
I
Wtq a.m. Hello
Yeah, Wtq a.m. Hello
I'm begging up here now. How are you sir?
Baby and bear with me. I got a little cold
I was wondering have you ever seen or heard of a movie called zeitge
Yes, that's on our website
Oh, that's good. Just want to make sure
Thank you. You're welcome
You ever heard of seeing it? I got a copy of it, but I haven't watched it yet. You haven't?
No, I'm a slacker
Get away. They give up one of the one night of roller skating in a wide zeitge. Oh, it would go twice a week anyway
Well, give up one night. No, especially it's late
Why is that Joe Bell gonna be there? No, it's Thursday night adult night. Bob Green gonna be there. No
I didn't know that I haven't seen them there yet. Can you call him up yet? Call up and see what he wants
Joe might go to the Derby girl bowed on some a though. Comey. Comey. Roller to be mentioned
He there are people are Kim. I mean, I was happy to see him. You know, he looked good and he was you know seem to be having a good time there are appearance, but
I he always has some
What I don't know how to say it some deal some some okay something cooked up. Why hope he does
Never anybody doesn't okay. Hey if the deal he's got cooked up as a free meal. I'll take it
There you go. Maybe jolly Joe. I like to take you for a free meal as matter of fact
Maybe he said come back and take you out for more sushi when Bob Green told you that he take care George
Maybe this is what he had in mind. Free dinner. Yeah, that would be the QAM hello
WQ I am hello
QAM hello
Holt and he
Holt and he coming at you
Those are two to four hosts
He's got the material down to his science 200 one votes on Chris's new poll and Chris is pretty damn pleased about that
I'm very heaven what we have on the previous one like 9 million
Come on now don't be a smart ass today your album is rolling through it give me one second. Yeah, get with it
Quit 87 so we're like way over a thousand now. We're like closing down 1100
Heavy heavy duty. This is a good one today. I like this poll. Who sent it in? What's your name? What's your website?
With her in your address her name is Liz
She was at the appearance
Well good for it with her husband
Yeah, very nice. Well, you're not too happy about oh, I don't care. He seemed like a very nice guy too
It's 11 past 11 at 560 WQ a.m
Niel said if the tongue was notarized once again actress Tainemore Neil is in trouble with the law
We think perhaps maybe this is what happened
Did a male park
claim it was just a joke
She said she did it to research your role
But the pipe she had on her had a full phone
She found the officers to let her go but sadly police said no
No, no, no she looked like it all white
The date of only one crack
Best out of talking smacks
She asked the cops if they knew she was
No sense of humor from the New York bus
It wasn't a good way to kick off too well the actress from paper movie too
Crunkaries and cupcakes
The things from the well-ventaited me too she got kicked off dancing with the stars
But getting booted off the show
Big childhood scarred
Behind bars
Tainemore Neil's a mess
A troubled girl I guess
Looks like she fell down and flies as fast
She did bad news bad news there
We see blame John McIntyre
McIntyre
Oh her daddy Ryan
No I want the rich and they don't bail her dumb ass out of
It's the water botanical Neil for the pole to do to think she fits in just like the OJs glove sure
If it doesn't fit she's full of Schmidt
1117 at 560 WNQ wait till the next break man when we come back here out one of the bits that you've been dying to hear
I finally yeah
I'm not going to tell you what it is yet
Okay, I'll give you a clue
Now back to the show
Exciting huh I told you it was going to be a great day
It's a great Thursday in spite of some of the naysayers out there in radio land some of the
Some of that crowd we don't care we just don't care
We don't give a crap here's a very disturbing story by the way secret plan to kill internet by 2012 leaked
Some question if reports that pay-per-view system to be introduced as a hope but wider march to regulate the web is documented
By Paul Joseph Watson. Oh on prison plan. Oh well there a little little bit of a little paranoid little uh, you know what I mean?
Yeah
ISPs have resolved to restrict the internet to a tv-like subscription model where users will be forced to pay to visit selected corporate websites by
2012 while others will be blocked
According to a leaked report
Despite some people dismissing the stories of hoax the wider plan to kill the traditional internet and replace it with the regulated and controlled internet to is manifestly provable
Both bell Canada and tell us employees officially confirmed that by
2012 ISPs all over the global reduced internet access to a tv-like subscription model only offering access to a small standard amount of commercial sites and require extra fees for every other site you visit
These other sites within lose all the exposure and eventually shut down
Resolving in what could be seen is the end of the internet's ones a report that spread like wildfire across the web over the last few days
The article which is accompanied by a you
CHIEW! clip
Says the time magazine writer Dylan Patton has confirmed the information is about to release a story and that the movie will effectively shut down
The web could come as soon as 2010 and it's got the clip right here in the story right away
It'll be on our website tomorrow. I'm sure nobody will watch it
People have raised questions about the report's accuracy because the claims aren't backed by another source only the promise that a time magazine report is set to confirm the rumor
Until such a report emerges many have reserved judgment or outright dismissed the stories of hoax
What is documented as the story on the scores is the fact that tell us this wireless web package allows only restricted pay-for-view access to a selection of corporate and news websites
This is the model that the post 2012 internet will be based on
People have noted that the authors of the video seem to be more concerned about getting people to subscribe with their you
CHIEW! accounts than fighting for the net neutrality by
probably featuring an attractive woman who isn't shy about showing her cleavage. They're just hanging out here
just about
Best majority of the other you
CHIEW! videos hosted on the same account consist of bizarre avant-garde satire skits that they have with the same people featured in the internet freedom clip
This is prompted many to suspect that the internet stories merely a stunt to draw attention to the group
I wouldn't have to use one oh yeah
Well, let us know now. Let's see 2012
That's four years away and we got five and a half years ago. What are we gonna do then? Well, we'll come up with something else by then
I'm sure we will by then the good callers will be back
Oh
Yeah, what are you laughing about the catfish lady? I told myself a funny joke Paul Harvey Jr
And we had rich packer yesterday you what we had rich packer yesterday. We did oh sure
What he called about I forgot
Something you know how you know was him. I could spot his voice in a crowd rich packer
The one only the packer factor except no substitutes. Wow void in Alaskan Hawaii
Which talentless child of privilege capitalized best under his of her family's fame and fortune George W
117 pariselt and 67 and after that. It's really small potatoes
JFK junior 13 Joe fine bird five Donald Trump junior four. I still don't know who that is
Does anybody know who I reckon it's his son. Well, yeah, that's it. I don't know what he does
No, Sophia Coppola for Kelly Osborne three two from Alyssa Rivers Jim Ballucci Nicole Richie Kate Hudson one for Chad Lowe
Brooke Hogan Anderson Pooper Ashley Simpson Donatella Versace and Charlie Sheen and none
For Tatum O'Neill Miley Cyrus Victoria Gotti Jerry Van Dyke Casey Affleck or Greg Gumbal
Well, and he like that. What about you like that kettle of fish? What's being of that you getting food in today? Yeah, we are
Before noon 12 30 to 12 45 and by the way Andrew came in and had a conversation with him
I had met him before but
Let's hear what George just told us before noon 12 30
It's all sorry. Did I say 12 30 11 30? Okay. That's what I meant to say you know Andrew came in and Andrew came in to talk about that
And we have a lot of chat. Yeah, he's just a little intimidated. You know, he's new
And scared of you like everybody is I told them well you go ahead and continue being scared of Neil
But don't be scared of me coming here and talk
When we have questions and things and issues. Yeah, he's so he's going to do better
But he's bringing the food in and everything's great. Well, what do you mean he's going to do better?
As far as communicating because you know how you had problems with that copy
The three yeah
And $399 lunch right and by the way, he said that they've already got people coming in and talking about hearing it on the show
It's all good. Thank God for that. Well, at least he gave it a little bit of feedback
That's more than we get from our other sales holes indeed. They give us nothing
Well, they give us ajada and so is Todd rec continues being a thrown in everybody's side including fat Chris. Yeah
He is just spinning blood over Todd. Oh, I want 75 copies of every time Neil does they love to do this kind of stuff
You know, they Todd Dreck. He's the he's the number one offender
Go sell something else to leave us alone. Okay, we're tied to your crap
God is here jerk
5670560. Oh, you know who I seem to have gotten rid of all of I shouldn't give myself a canary lately
I
Yeah, he seems maybe he's getting the message good. Wtq.a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello. Well, I've said it. They're kind of weak today
5670560 and pound 560 and they've arrived in singular wireless line
Very very weak today. The screenless man these phones ought to be blown off and especially when we had all that
Technical history are going on yeah, and now we finally got the phone back and there's now one light ringing right now
Look at that there's not one line ringing blinking the whole whole got a second out caller
Yeah, let's get let's write something
Even lionates not ringing of course. It's so discontinued now
We think that that to me is just it's hysterical well looking all the money Joe Bell is gonna save the bees
He's now he's gonna be the hero. He's gonna show him how to make up the transmitter off to save him a lot of money
That's a good idea in fact their day part times of the day when it'd be probably a public service
Just shut down the transmitter look at all the juice you're gonna save
Johnny Joe you idiot
Wtq.a.m. Hello
This is my good area for my and you to go right WQ.a.m. Hello
Yes, I have a suggestion for a poll yeah
Yeah, no now to commemorate the uh, you know the elections and all that maybe you could have a
uh
Like a movie role of you know like the best president that would be like a movie role for example nurse ratchet
Or the godfather who would be the best president? You know what I'm saying no
Never mind. You're right probably a big president. Yeah
56705 60.5 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. How bullied by Billy Bibi Bibi Bibi Bibi would be pretty good
Murphy
Wtq.a.m. Hello
Wtq.a.m. Hello
Wtq.a.m. Hello
The movie is the saddest ending was that um that recount on HBO
Was it anything? It's recount on HBO about the bus getting screwed. Oh, I saw it. Yeah
Well, that was the saddest ending right there. And it's not over though. That's the only problem still going on
I love I love you, Neon. I want to be in your boy back
How many Q.a.m. Hello
Jessica Gary Millie bitch
How many Q.a.m. Hello
We're really gonna have to really gonna have a summer of uh
My drugs and uh
Obluscating what did I ever do to you?
Hmm
56705 60 and that's not the guy that's not the what did I ever do to you guy
Trust me what I'm saying is
Well, yeah, it's a clone. It's another wannabe
Because the one thing not only they lack any material but
The closest that they'll come to finding any is to is to do a weak imitation of somebody else's material
So it wasn't good enough material right right
If somebody else's crap
That would be like taking a dump and it turns out that really with somebody else's you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah, I know it's not easy to fathom that but I get in this in this crowd
I think I think we don't get named the best talent
You know that you're a logist
You're only a 5.60 Q.a.m.
I think sports leader
You all could lie who messes you
Now back to cat jeopardy and your host Felix Trebaugh
All right, we move on now to double jeopardy booths
You had the low score at the end of the last round choose a category. Please
Geography for 200 the answer is
Chasing mice or a place where Jewish people go on vacation
Yes, mittens
Correct. What is a cat skill very good you now have control of the board
personal hygiene for 400 it happens after a tongue bath
Boots
No whiskers
Form of a question please
Correct. What is coughing up a furball?
Oh, and that means we're out of time will return in a moment with final cat jeopardy when our category will be Chinese free
I get to this oh
I can't wait well that's one of George's been waiting for to hear a long time you bet and there was don't ask me why
What's the jeopardy thing? I guess that must be the reason yeah
130
4560 wqa and we got the jerk show it to oh boy. Oh happy day
Come at ya
Frank Fraxxas and says being that she's been in the news lately having found some blind guy to have sex with her
She just had a baby is anyone mentioned Torey spelling
You want to put her on there? Absolutely. Oh, I mean
That's absolutely
Oh
That was special like the corn and deliverance it sure was special
5670560 pound we got a real run of great calls here today be part of the passing parade
Or not and pound five sixty and the Verizon singular wireless line
And look at that one line tinkly and that's because of that stupid as delay thing
That all goes back to the steering show that was an experiment that worked out so well, you know
WDQ a and hello
Like I said, that was it
That was a medley of our call
It may it makes you really wonder why I carry on so much about the phone not working
You know why my oldest people all when Neil interacts with the colors. That's the great radio
That's what makes the show. Yeah, when we're gonna get some
When's the last time we hit any colors per se you know, I mean like real colors good question
Who had something to say as opposed to oh you just a jerk and you just a pick on us and
Say something give it yeah, I have something you know anything something
As opposed to whoa you just always belly ache in it
How many years is this I'm turning me on
I'd almost trade this crowd back in for the old KAT crowd to be hello Neil you said you're wonderful boy
But you're so nasty to your mother. How come you say these terrible things people don't know
People don't know what that some of us are nicer to our mothers than they deserve
I sure was me too am still she was at the house yesterday
What is she the show Neil?
We're gonna Q a m. Hello. Oh, Neil how you doing? Okay, sir
Just the question would you class this show under a political or a comedy show?
Just that a curiosity if you had the party it's not a categorized show. It's it's it's the show
Whatever it is. It's a WTF show
Right you had to put one of categories. I don't have to and I'm not gonna
But what I don't know why I don't want I don't want if you had to if you had to categorize your life and
Really that all besides pathetic and ponderous. I don't know what else I would say
I think that would cover it all if I see there goes again pick it on the cars you so rude of the cars
I would love to know what it is that anybody has ever said on this show that I cut off
There was worthwhile hearing that that when it was oh it was worthwhile right
In fact, I could have rebate that mm-hmm five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and leave a rise in singular wireless line still looking for our first lady caller of the day
WQ a m hello
Q a m hello
WQ a m hello put it into category
What somebody Q a m hello
Wow damn that was quick
Hey, sorry, um, you know, I think a lot of things have to do with the colleges
You don't take them for so long and then all of sudden bams are taking a couple of them in all the year
Yeah, that other no question. It's my fault. Yeah, absolutely. No, no, I'm not saying it sure
I mean we love you and we you know, we love the cause. I mean, I think listen all these like you said the
Butthole um guys that call in it says give that
But if you were to take them longer
You know you'd read out all those idiots, but it wouldn't have to feel the need to like purge themselves every time you say
Hey, let's take a call. I got news for you. I could I could take them
24-7 and they would still always be there. That's their life. Don't you get it? Yeah, that's you
I mean, I've been listening to this boy back in the day, and you know, I love you and whatever you do
I'll keep soliciting
Well, I think it's all your big parts
Here's one is a good one too. How about Lisa Marie Pressley for the pool. That's a good one. Lisa Marie
I mean Lisa Marie
That's a really good one
You getting these down on there? Chris or what? Yep
Lion 9 is always excellent Q.A.M. Hello
WDQ.A.M. Hello
That's good stuff
WDQ.A.M. Ola
WDQ.A.M. Hello
Where? I got stuff
Where? The collar stuff
Where?
Joe stuff
Where? What? What? What?
Okay, you start on Monday
You don't want to have to do three days a week, do you? No, no
He's getting them down pretty good WDQ.A.M. Hello
See, all you mad at Joe Bell is making me take calls
Joe Bell isn't making me do anything
Because normally you don't take any calls so I think he was just telling you to try to take some more calls
Sir, let me say it again. Joe Bell has no input into anything that happens on his show, okay
Well, that's good
Other than what we can't do not what we do do or must do or should do what we can't do that's another story
You can't play far down but he's telling you to take calls
No, he's not
But let me ask you a question. Are you you have a hearing problem?
Me absolutely not
I'm great. I just got through telling it. He does nothing to do with whether I take calls or not
That's not what he wanted to hear
Well, okay, Joe Bell wants me to take calls. Okay, is that me happy?
Keep up the good work. Yeah, okay
See, all we have now are cranks and antagonists people with problems with you or me or crates
I don't know how they're like, I could go to the left. That's what we're left with
See, they think that it does. That's the part that I find on us slightly amusing
They think oh, well, I wish you're a must at his balls
Yeah, first you got to find him, okay
You know
WQA M hello
WQA M hello
QA M
That was going to be the good call too. I could smell it
Mmm WQA M hello
I believe in you
WQA M hello
Me! Yeah
What happened to Chuck Mayer? WI-O-G
I haven't got any idea
Have a good day
WQA M hello
Hey, I'm your first lady caller
This is Rose Marie
Yeah, this is Rose Marie. Neil, I used to wait on you with the race track
All redhead with the big nose
At what race track? At Pompo-no?
At Pompo-no, yeah
Oh, I'll be there. Yeah, how you doing?
I'm good. How are you?
I'm good. You got the helicopter on that list
Yeah, she uh second place
Oh, because I hadn't told he's spelling but somebody called him before me with that
That's my day off too
I hate to make you repeat something but what happened to that Richard?
I already hit a superfactor or something and
Drop the head of the table
He didn't hit the superfactor. He hit the table
He hit the table
Right at the race track
Then right in the dining room. I wasn't there. Thank goodness
Wow, I know. I didn't see you in a long time
Okay, I just want to bad parents out into the lift but she's already on there.
Hi sweetie. Have a good life. Hi honey.
Hi, yes. How do you like that?
A lady in the somebody I know in a nice person and the living and breathing
And whatever happened to fat wrench, he hit the super. I had the super prop and that was a poor Richie
Poor Richie, man
See this pool is really kind of a waste of time
We want to know why anytime we have a pool where you put George Bush on here
Although Paris Hilton is giving a run for his money. He's got 135. He's got 83 and everybody else is
Like almost invisible. They pale in one significance
Out of 277 vote. I bet your Chris is all whipped up. What do you have on the first one? Eight what? Oh, it was 877
So you're gonna you're gonna have maybe 13 hundred votes. They combined
All of us think you'd almost think that we had somebody listening to it. Although I have doubts about that
You know
I
Later
Now back to cow jeopardy and your host Alex Treby
We move on now to double jeopardy and let me remind our players. There's not one but two dairy doubles on the board
Bussy
You had the lowscore at the end of the last round choose a category. Please
Big and stupid for 200 the answer is a dry cow or vice president coil. Yes, Elsey
Right what is an under failure? I'm under on a family. Very good. You now have control of the board
Famous cowgirls for six hundred. This is Delta Berks favorite dress
Bussy
Correct. What is a mumu very good? Please select
Calpari for 800 the answer is to give birth or a kind of coffee. Yes, Bussy
No, Elsey
So again the answer is to give birth or a kind of coffee. Yes, Roseanne
What is decal power? That's right
Oh, that means we're out of time
We'll return in a moment with final cow jeopardy where our category will be real food for real people right after this
The answer is it's a lemon 45 and 560 W. Cuymsa. There's another one that you must love. Cali jeopardy. Yes, I do
I like the other jeopardy parties. By the way the foods here
Well, that's great the foods are in about 50 minutes or so. We'll be doing our Neil deal because it's Thursday
And we got 8 million open lines on the phone bad news man. I thought we'd have a tremendous outpouring today and tomorrow
These last two days before the summer schedule starts well as you get
I'm very important because it has to go in
Would you get I'm eating some hummus right now
hummus hummus
It's great
I'll fix Dan what you do isn't exactly fish
And they've brought a lot of food actually all bunch of things really what about Chris? What do you watch on having a bacon meatless patty?
Chris is not in the room right now
Why is that you got me maybe he's clearing out some way for lunch, you know
Maybe they brought a whole bunch of desserts too. Oh, that's what I told you really good said
I wouldn't be surprised if they'd bring a whole bunch of desserts
This kind of pisses me off non-fish sandwiches really good. Well, what is it?
It tastes like fish, but it's not oh
WDQA in hello
QA in
Hello, yes
That would be QA in hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, I'm about to have lunch too
I'm gonna my portabello mushroom stuff, but I was thinking back to you know the pole you had
The other day about the restaurants that closed and you know one of them was Maneros
And I actually worked there for a while and there was a guy
He was like a host or you know a mater deep type guy and he knew you because I always listen
You know his name was Andy Rothman and I'd go in and when I was working as like hey Andy
What's up? You speak to Neil lately and he'd be like yeah Andy Rothman wants to talk to Neil
He heard me calling up on the radio. I never had Andy Rothman
You know you have we talked about him before about like with Steve Stone and Bert Sugarman
Oh
Same old crap. Yo, let me ask you something if you live another year or two do you think he'd come up with some new names?
What are all those?
Don't have any
Any idea who that is
Call in and put his name on here as many times as you'll let him yeah keep saying it Andy Rothman Andy Rothman
He gets twenty bucks every time he does
Heim and Roth heim and Roth
Right and Bert Sugarman and Steve and Bert Sugarman. Yeah, okay
Every time this guy the same hockin the same China man with the same crap
Hacking the same China
560 here by the way 60. I'm very firm. He's here by the way
Well tell my apologize for mispronounce he was named the first time or two but we blame Andy nobody told me Andy didn't we put Andy's fault
It's Andy's fault of course it's Andy's fault
Because he's scared like a little child. Oh, I'm scared to Neil. You so mean. You know, he's so mean
What is Andy like about 10 years old or something and that three feet tall? Uh-huh. What are you five five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60?
What does that mean what a mind? Yeah, no the other one oh Jewish
WQ a m hello
Great WQ a m hello
I mean
Not that I'm completely up
Welcome to Uncensored the party line. We're on with anything go WQ a m hello
Hi
Yes it is
Hey Neil my name is Mary and I'm your care line
You're in North Carolina? Yeah, you're George
Hi
And I used to live in Miami and our family got away from there. Well good for you
It's not to take that guy's thunder but on your list of responses closed
What about the people?
Right that was good
Never that one in South Miami that was just fantastic. It was very good. I do I use eight there many times my husband
I had our first date there really yeah because of you
Huh because he was watching listening to you
But just want to say we love your show. It's not the internet and it's very good to be out of South Florida
Congratulations Mary. Thank you. Take care. Don't go back you too
I just marry in North Carolina. How do you like that? So he goes to show you if you punch up four five hundred
I mean I get somebody want to talk to you like not likely but once in a while like that
And then there's always Andy Rothman
Her true
Sugarman and whatever and David and then Steve Stone
and his boyfriend
And it was it was David Sugarman by the way that's right this guy right remember that David Sugarman's mother
That's right David Sugarman's mother says be sure to say hi to Steve Stone and they Steve you ferry
WQ I am is next hello male. Yes
Who's the least coach in the
WQ I am hello. Yeah, I like to talk to Neil speaking a meal. Yeah, the plumbing problem when you're condo
I heard the other day. No, I have any problem plumbing problem now
Well, I said they shut the water off for one day in my bill
Okay, get your ears cleaned out. Okay, get a big cutive and stick it in there and push it all the way through
And a plumbing problem my condo. Oh my god
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
Yes, ma'am
I just wanted to say hello to you because the novel lady called in so she gave me the curse. Just say hello
Thank you
My mom and I went after the parents and you were a complete gentleman and absolutely a doll and just wanted to say thank you
Taking the time out to brave us crazy people and we love you. Well, thanks. All right. We have a great day in you too
How do you like that the ladies are nice today and the guys are
They're in a big contest as you can be the gist of the whole and believe you me
We got plenty of heavy-duty competition. Uh-huh. How are we doing on Chris's pole here?
Three oceans got 148 what?
301
Oh, three oh two excuse you three oh three oh
Sues you three oh oh excuse me three oh three
Whatever it is just shut up. Just shut up and eat. What do you eat now? You eat the desserts? I don't have anything as okay
I was out of the uh, he was out of the out yeah room doing line great. We're doing a joyous for you. No, I was just going to bathe him now
You want to run that by me again? You were peeing?
see
Paracelot is in second place in everybody else mall theaters. Don't let me forget about John John's plan. Okay. We got to play that okay
And honor the pool don't let me forget all right. Well, I played all those stupid ass jeopardy things over
Cat jeopardy and how to jeopardy jeopardy
Double jeopardy cockatoo jeopardy
WDQAM hello
Pampi chill out
Check my
He's what?
You're okay great
567 O560 pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line. You know who that was that was Woody I think I think it right
Oh, yeah another a hole real major a hole with no life whatsoever Woody
WDQAM. Hello
QAM
Hola
We have a volunteer chronic list
WDQAM hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, I called you some time ago and I told you I was supporting Hillary because I didn't
Would win and you were saying that he was gonna win
So I was just calling to say you were right on the loan man. I got a little fake
Hey, you're next president baby. You better get you to it and he looks strong against with can't tell you know
I'm very happy man. Well good. You're high. I'll tell you what right. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Bye, man
I was right. He was wrong and takes a big man to admit that don't it. Uh-huh. Don't know
WDQAM hello
Hey, man. How are you doing? Okay, sir. You're okay
Yeah
What do you say? I think it's up your game. Oh, you're so good. We'll let you know. Hello WDQAM. Hello
Hey uncle. Meal. How's it going? Hey, okay
Uh-one small clouble on the pole. I thought uh jury van Dyke
Uh-what's funnier than his brother Dick. Well, that's not saying much
Yeah, I suppose I enjoyed him on the coach um
To write. Yeah, I know. It's just teach the com crap, but I thought he was happy. Be sure
Is uh, Gianna Dilarentis time the fall?
Who uh the cook on the on the food channel. Wait, what's wrong with her?
Uh total bimbo no talent
Uh butter face
Butterface yeah, I know George likes her but uh you know and I was a show dude and I do
George and I have any idea who that is. Nope. I thought he's spoken about her before I could be wrong
I often am
All right, oh, hey, greetings from Benita Springs
Okay, and back to okay, I'm going to buy fourths too late
Benita Springs. Oh
If you think South old is bad try the west coast sometime. Although they do
They do have similar. They have hardies over there in a west coast. That's right
And they got tampon springs and they got elutes and they got temple terrace
They got the chronic from loops the horrible horrible the whole state of Florida man
If it just fell off the rest of the country would be a big pubic service just yeah
Just like chopping some of these penis off be it be the same thing just chop it off right there
State border. You know one thing about when you
When you drive like we did a couple weeks ago when you drive up the coast
Mm-hmm and you drive through Jacksonville and then you get into Georgia and it's like
A waste plant
Well, not about but there's no difference in other words Jacksonville is there South Georgia
You know, I mean you're like you can't be that far from Aene tree. That's right
And I'm sure that we drove past the Kahulawasi River. E positive
300 9 votes and of course, it's only five minutes before the hour to know what that means don't you?
Neal samfries deals head of the town and in just five minutes at noon will be opening up the store
You'll be able to feast on the totally new food from the hidden secret which is located 167 street north Miami
Beach a vegetarian restaurant by hakeen a vegetarian restaurant by hakeen is mouthwatering
Electable dishes like veggie salmon burgers tofu burgers veggie or spinach tofu panties are you eating that?
Not yet
Would George Dyer something I would walk to get some more food. I was watching the classic Spanish and the
Reginald soy additions besides being good to your body and mind with any of hakeen's homemade dishes
Entrez started only 399 Ross can eat really healthy and get great taste for a price like that
And that's just the beginning a vegetarian restaurant by hakeen's also got natural juices and beverages like wheat
Gras shots and rainforest drinks come treat your palate with hakeen's homemade incredible desserts like zucchini banana and carrot cakes
When you buy a fifty dollar gift certificate for only 25 bucks you can really feast with a family of four
Call 786 210 87 87 that's 786 210 87 87 and just three minutes or less
You'll be able to take advantage or a half price deal this week on wqam.com
This is very quick whenever I shake my balls
I listen to the meal Rogers 24 one hour
Straight
T
Bees and×¨×’ua
Silent qualifications
The kind of guy that I want to do
That's what you look to eat.
I want to hear this little one today,
But there's no camps at all.
So does that make me a sports queen?
If I want to see him grab the balls,
We'll stay in Wow.
Look at that kid.
He'll raise teeth on that boy like gravy.
Wait.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
I gotta hide that teeny screen
That helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get none.
No, the days of a busy school, okay?
That's not so great.
But I'm close in lowly and madly.
At least until at least 28.
I'm great now.
I want some wings.
You ain't seen no men quite like gravy,
Wait.
Well, they'll be wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no men quite like gravy,
Wait.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Provo to it 560 WQ I am happy Thursday to it L. Dose de Hunio
Ain't it see oh you know something I forgot all about I got so many other things going on now
Got a million things that's right. Oh, and I better monitor the page
Well, that's what I'm talking about I haven't even taken a 40 out of it and this BSO thing what does that thing keep?
Shmere not on air for
Don't you hate that when something keeps we got 40 left we started with 50
These are 50 dollars certificates for 25 bucks
So we have 40 left you got it got it. What's Chris eating?
What does that mean?
Just not myself
You're not even eating the desserts. Yeah, not try Keeney
Why not into zucchini? It's all day. He got a whole bunch of desserts here
But one of them is a zucchini chocolate cake and he didn't want it
We think I cheesecakes that got all kinds of things over here. He's superstitious if an animal product isn't in it. He doesn't want it
And I thought I was bad
How could desserts I mean I just don't understand it?
There's no lard in these desserts, so he doesn't want any part of it
He didn't get that way eating healthy, you know
If it isn't an animal product fried in another animal product he doesn't even want to look at it
In the meantime, I'm housing all this hummus
So you monitor that page okay, we got 40 left will do
You're monitoring see
Oh
Death by chocolate dark chocolate brownie with chocolate meringue and chocolate mousse wrapped in a rich chocolate ganache
Hmm. Oh, that's that's a menu. I just got
For the crews for the enough the crews for the yacht
Chocolate ganache. That's just what I need you know
Gus Pacho soup baked Arctic char
Ooh, I'm not going to that party
Alex Kaczynski is more accustomed to appearing on list to fill US-impean court vacancies that headlines involving pornographic scandals, but
Yesterday the chief judge of the country's largest federal appeals court was forced to suspend an obscenity trial he was presiding over after
Six L. Express images posted to his family's website became public
The LA Times reported that Kaczynski had posted sexual material on his personal website and then blocked access after being interviewed about a Tuesday night
Kaczynski 57 told the Times he thought the material on his site which included a video of a man
Converting with a sexually aroused farm animal couldn't be seen by the public the judge said he didn't believe any of the images were obscene
Including a video of a man converting with a sexually aroused farm animal
Is it perient? I don't know what to tell you he told in his paper. I think it's odd and interesting. It's part of life
It's not part of my life converting with sexually aroused farm animals, but nevertheless
Yal Kaczynski the judges film editors son told the New York Times yesterday that the site is registered to him and he maintains it friends and family are able to post it
There he said the fact that it was publicly accessible actually is my fault to Yal Kaczynski for the newspaper. I made a mistake configuring it
Neither father nor son make clear Wednesday who posted the images in question
Judge Kaczynski said earlier that he didn't believe any of them were obscene
He's spend it until Monday the trial of Ira Isaacs who's charged with obscenity for selling movies depicting
Bestiality and extreme fetishes involving feces in urination. I'll start to do that in a minute or lunch
Sorry, a pellet judge is such as Kaczynski occasionally handled trial court cases
Kaczynski told others in the case he wanted to give them time to consider whether or not to be disqualified
Federal prosecutors are discussing their options department of justice lawyer Kenneth Wooded said
At best the exposure of his website was embarrassing turn in vents for Kaczynski who reached the pinnacle of a long illustrious and colorful judicial career in November
When he was appointed chief judge of the 90 West Circuit Court of Appeals which has jurisdiction over nine Western states
The appointment kept a 26 year career on the bench that began in 1982 at age 32 when he was named chief of the newly created federal claims court
Which handles lawsuits related to federal contracts?
Three years later president Reagan appointed him to the 9th Circuit making him the youngest federal pellet judge in the country
President George Herbert Walker Bush seriously considered nominating Kaczynski for I court openings in 1991
Even though the jurist hasn't received the same considerations from Bush Jr
Still Kaczynski enjoys a sterling reputation as an eloquent opinion writer and a titan on the bench even while his off-the-benture
San Fristonies run the gamut
Kaczynski 57 was born and romamed into Holocaust survivors and came to America when he was 12 six years later
He won a date in 1968 while appearing on the TV show the dating game after greeting the contestant with good afternoon flower of my heart
He purports to build his own computers and say was an authority on snowboarding while successfully vying to win gossip blogs contest for judicial hottie
Seven years ago we engaged Washington DC federal court administration a battle over web
Filters that they installed a block porn from government computers the computer savvy Kaczynski walked into a government computer room in San Francisco
And personally disabled the film is from three appellate circuits including his own touching off a feud with administrators and ultimately one when they stop blocking porn
I do like that. I think the judge is you know a little freaky is what he is
But to each its own, you know, yep
Maybe he likes animals
So how are we doing with that thing?
Let me refresh 30 30 us nine no there goes another one
Sorry
Sorry to face them, but I'm eating
Now we want to talk with your mouthful because then Joe Bell get another email about how
Yeah, oh that's so gross the blah blah. I'm so I'm gonna start ordering him all the fan mail
Like what the fan mail that we get here on the show you me both of us when do we get that all the time?
We do sure we mean I can my space or or the regular email
It'll add a couple of its for people I
Never get them
Would you don't need them? No, I don't want me to board you emails saying from people saying you're great at the shows
No, I didn't I didn't think so ponderous
I know you know I
Answered that my right them back to say thank you very much. Keep listening to all friend things like that
I'm getting hungry now. I'm starving to three new menus and then you're eating all like stuff over there and Chris is acting like a baby today
Acting like a child. Oh, oh, he's superstitious
Why what is it if he doesn't eat it? He's feeling like he decided that he doesn't like tofu and therefore
As if as if tofu only tastes like one thing as if everything in here doesn't taste like you know something different and delicious
I like tofu nothing in here tastes like it and I mean a mango
Right now
And and it's great a lot still live so far
So you got to try different things that doesn't mean you're gonna eat that all the time every day like that
Etc but they're deserts and there's cheesecake in here with strawberries and syrup on top of it
Oh my god, and he's sitting there and acting like a
I don't eat by itself anyways whether you know what I don't eat cheesecake isn't interesting to me
I don't eat it anyways. No, no actual cheese in it
I told him we'd go find a stray cat in torture at while he ate if he needs to have an animal suffer while he eats
Oh my god up until this day I never realized what we were dealing with
I told it my god packs the man is over here. We can slather man is on that's made with eggs. That's gross. Somebody Q a.m. Hello
Now
Yeah
Okay, five six seven oh five sixty we are on a real role with a phone here today
And of course George will be on most of the time the rest of the summer Monday Wednesday and Fridays
Mm-hmm. So I'm just warming them up for as well. We think of our service
What
What's up your gay oh yeah gay. So are you that's what they keep saying yeah, no they wish they want it
They want it mm-hmm they want my stuff
Oh God how many Q a.m. Hello, hey Neil
Yes, sir
God well, they're all they're all check them in today aren't they?
Yeah, everybody that Eddie whaty the
Sugarman guy, but we haven't heard from
Part of slot guy
Our very favorite worldly halfway through the show how we don't have certificates by the way 39 39 still
And then part of that is your fault the reason one so so it's close this fall
I apologize now because you're acting like a baby
I am the fourth leader
Yes dumb as dirt and now from the people who brought you what dogs are thinking it's what pet fish are thinking
Hey, dude, hey come over here check this out. What is it Charlie? You know this is diver guy
He hasn't lost since I don't know how long and you know he cannot be comfortable with that plastic toe up his was low
Hey, don't sweat it. He's still breathing. You see the bubbles?
Oh, here comes
Tubby
All great watch this
Hey, Laura come and get me
Is he going to be a right here?
Where you come on?
Restful legs come and get it
We're so sorry
The parakeet you probably can be generated
Charlie look she's going for that electrical cord
Watch this stupid third wall electrocute herself
Hey
Hey she just his
This is not good
It occupation
Yo, what theæž up and Antipenbe
Armenians I think
Hi guys, it's tlach module here we is a newly washed Lincoln lien car
7.0 clock and you on travel
all the time.
Oh yeah,
15 at 5.60 WQ AM.
At least 14 Republican members of Congress are refused to endorse or publicly support
Senator John McCain for present, and more than a dozen others declined to answer whether
they back the Arizona Senator.
Many of the recalcitrant GOP members declined to detail their reasons for withholding support,
but Representative John Peterson, Republican and Pennsylvania expressed major concerns
about McCain's energy policies and representative Walter Jones and North Carolina's side of
the war in Iraq.
A handful of other Republicans on Capitol Hill made the distinction between endorsing
and supporting adding that while they haven't yet endorsed they do support McCain.
Right.
In recent weeks, much of the discussion in debate about party unity has been on the Democrat
side amid their protracted presidential primary, achieving harmonies and concern on both
sides of the aisle this year.
It's not unusual for certain factions of the Democratic and Republican parties not
to embrace the respective candidates for president.
McCain's campaign sees that Senator Crats' reticence about Barack Obama issuing a release
on Tuesday that highlighted the representative Dan Boren is an endorsing the presumptive
nominee.
While some conservative Democrats have yet to endorse Obama and didn't back John Kerry
in 2004, there are both centrist and conservative Republicans representing various parts of the
country or not embracing McCain.
Throughout his career in the House and Senate, McCain's been in odds with his party on
a range of issues including campaign finance reform, earmarks, immigration, healthcare,
taxes, and energy.
Some Senate Republicans were especially hurt when McCain's role in the gang of 14 V-line
judicial nominations.
Representative Tom Tancredo of Colorado has been sharply critical of McCain and immigration,
told the Hill and February, I don't like McCain, I don't like him at all.
And I second that emotion, I don't like him at all.
Kind of like Swirlery, I feel the same way about him that I do about her.
Don't like them at all.
Maybe that British guy will call in.
Oh, geez, why call me both?
He was, he was just foaming at the moment.
That's good though.
Yeah, maybe he came up with that.
And that was actually a real call.
Yeah, maybe we'll clean off his teeth a little bit.
I'll let foam.
Look at that phone, baby.
Look at that.
The hole on the phone.
Yeah.
Not a call on the board.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6, see this is what cracks me up about those people who scream
and holler for the phones.
Oh, the show just isn't the same without the callers.
Are you with the callers make the show?
Yeah.
Or where are they?
Every time I do this, it's the same story.
Right.
They just can't keep up the mo.
They can't maintain the mo.
WDQA and hello.
As we were saying, George, now.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 in the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
The Hillary just me off, man.
Oh, I got shot at.
Look at me.
And then, oh, yeah, I voted for the crimson going to Iraq.
But then, because of some popular, now we shouldn't be there.
Oh, look at me.
Look at me.
Look at me.
Oh, I'm in.
I'm in.
I'm in.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
How was it?
Adam.
Yeah.
Okay.
He's got a strangulated instrument is what he's got.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What about when he used to cruise in the 80s?
If you look at this, you can see that.
Oh, what about when I got it?
Yeah.
WDQA and hello.
Yeah.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Hey, Neil.
Please.
I have one please.
Please bring back the tape.
No, George, please.
WDQA and hello.
QIM.
You can do it.
Excuse me.
Did you fart?
Hello?
Yes.
I'd like to ask a simple question about the MBA final.
You want to ask who a question?
Giving.
You want to ask who a question?
A hard question?
Yeah, a hard question.
Like, are you a moron?
No, that's an easy question.
Deputy QIM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Listen, I'm white and I have a black wife.
And I want to know with the rate to stop it with,
why can they get on I'm just for saying certain things or you can't say the N word,
which is perfectly understandable.
Why can everyone get on the radio stations and TV and like Joe Rose and such?
White trash, this, white trash, that.
If we start saying black trash, it's on that very racist.
I mean, I'm far from racist, but what is your take on that?
Isn't that racist comment?
That's my take.
Isn't white trash, but racist comment to be saying on the airways?
No.
Okay, but if we say the other way, it would be taken as racist.
That's correct.
Now you got it.
Now you catch it on.
Okay.
Take it a little while.
It will slow.
You're catching on.
560, 705, 60, 560 and they Verizon,
sing it a while on trailer trash.
See is better.
White trash, then you get into race.
Trailer trash, then that's more general, right?
Sure.
How we do with a certificate, by the way, we got 39 still?
Yep.
You got to be kidding me.
We started with only 50.
WDQA and hello.
QA and?
Barack Obama is the second coming of it.
WDQA and hello.
It's Barack Obama.
It's Barack Obama.
QA and hello.
What I've got to do, what I've got to do, what I've got to do,
little, little, little, orange.
WDQA and hello.
No.
Yes.
I keep hearing mad now talking about how nasty it was in this studio over there,
so they had like red stains on the carpet.
There's one you think Randy was walking on that carpet.
WAAA!
WAAA!
WAAA!
WDQA and hello.
Yes.
I'm saying yes.
WAAA!
QA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Yes.
WDQA and hello.
I'm saying I live in a trailer park at Magdala Hall.
I want to ride before we go.
Yeah.
Sure you do.
Bad Tony.
Bad Tony-Ason Reverend Schwartz.
Who?
Bad Tony-Ason.
WDQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I'm love at the bulk and I've got singular and I use pound five-sixty and it doesn't work
because it can't be completed as dial.
Yeah.
It's because you have singular.
Are you aware of that?
It's a talk-off.
It's because he is singular.
It's Verizon and singular wireless is one of our FACNC.
How can you have singular?
Okay.
I've got FACNC singular.
I didn't know there was a difference.
Are you supposed to be?
Okay.
Okay.
Maybe it's a scam.
WDQA and hello.
QA and.
They're Neil.
Yeah.
Andre, through the follow.
Yeah.
Okay, great.
Hello, Andre.
WDQA and hello.
Two A.M.
Hello.
Yeah, these products have no material now.
WDQA and hello.
Hello.
Yes.
I'm Neil.
Yes.
Yeah, I was wondering.
One of these FUShing OSHOIs, but that was today.
Last week.
Last week.
Yeah.
Oh, it's on your website.
Let me say it again.
Last week.
It shouldn't be on our website because Eric should be taking all of that stuff off of there.
It's outdated.
It's on the top of the thing.
It's on QA and.com.
Okay.
It's a commercial thing.
It doesn't belong on NeilRogers.com.
And how it got on there.
I haven't got any idea.
Eric was trying to be helpful and it was helping a little bit too much.
Did that take it up before the show today?
And didn't we say he was going to all of that stuff?
He did it right away.
It's not even on there.
It's not even on there.
It's not even on there.
Once it's gone, it's gone.
Okay, Schmuck.
Oh, Sean Permanke tour.
WDQA and hello.
We are.
That's not.
QA and hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Hello.
Hello, hello to George too.
Yep.
Hey, I'm a, um, I'm a, um, rabbit atheist.
And, uh, I was wondering if you guys could clarify a couple things about the Bible for me, because I, you know, I've read, I read, and the guide to the Bible.
And, uh, I've heard enough about it that, you know, it doesn't make any sense to me, but I was having a heated discussion with some Christians the other day.
And, um, I brought up some of the ridiculous stuff like, you know, being killed for working on Sunday and killing your kids as they misbehaved.
And, uh, they insisted that I was nuts, that that stuff's not in the Bible.
And, uh, or go to Bible.
But a Bible.com, it has a search engine, find anything you want in the Bible.
I'm sorry.
And a version of the Bible.
Bible.com.
So the Bible for any phrase, any word, any version.
When they said, uh, they go, uh, Leviticus.
I'm sorry.
Leviticus.
Oh, okay.
Levit, uh, get going.
Uh, and they said, they said, oh, that's the old testament. That's, and that's not.
Okay, but I ask you a question.
Why would you dignify such garbage while I was wasting your time with it?
Why would you, well, what's the point?
Well, you know, it's just that we're at a party and somebody said something that was so ridiculous.
I had to say, like, you know, you guys call yourself Christians, but you do all these things that are so contrary to, you know, what it says to do.
This rulebook that you have of, uh, how you're supposed to, you know, behave and, uh, run your life.
And none of you guys even seem to know what's in it.
And, uh, there were several different people that just, you know, told me how close that by was.
And I was going to confront them because they said, oh, that must be the old testament.
And that's the testament.
Yeah, there you go.
So, I mean, so they're not, and I'm not, right?
Correct.
Hey, how about, uh, post-adjusting, uh, what's the most ridiculous thing in the Bible?
People living for 900 years or, um, they're long-hauled.
Yeah, there wouldn't be enough room to lift up everything.
All of it.
Well, the most ridiculous thing about the Bible is that there are people who actually believe it.
Yeah, and they said to me, will you ever ever read it?
I said, no, I read books that told, uh, the ridiculous, you know, contradictions about it, and stuff like that.
And I've heard enough about it.
No, let me say it again to you, sir.
Don't waste your energy with Kaka, okay?
Don't waste your energy with Kaka.
That is correct.
Kaka moan.
Next time they start giving you a song and a dance about all this, the good book says this, just tell Kaka moan.
Mm-hmm.
And that next time, it'll go away.
That's a catch-all.
How you doing on your poll, there, Chris?
367.
You got to shout it 500 today.
Wouldn't that be something on that new poll on a second poll?
That'd be pretty good.
That'd be pretty, uh, be a lot better if we sold those certificates for Chris, of course, is up here down there.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The best talent.
This is a live dance.
Fortly to 5.60 QAM.
They.
Fort.
Later.
Now back to Dawn Jeopardy and your host, Alex Trebar.
We move on now to Double Jeopardy.
Sparky, you had the lowscorpy end of the last round.
Choose a category, please.
What a culture for 200.
The tough exterior covering of the common birch tree.
No, I'm sorry we cannot give that to you.
It must be in the form of a question.
What is barks?
Sparky, you still have control of the board.
Taboo's for 600.
And the answer is the new sofa and the poodle next door.
Correct.
What are two things you're not allowed on?
First little hygiene for 200.
The answer is because they can.
Sparky, no, barn barn.
Correct.
The answer is because they can.
The question, why do dogs look there?
Oh, and that means we're out of time.
We'll return with final dog Jeopardy.
Where our category will be.
Scratch and sniff.
We have to do this.
Yes, scratch and sniffers.
1231 at 5.60 WDQAM.
That's a great Thursday.
We got 80 training callers lined up here.
What's that?
What?
How do we do with the certificates, by the way?
38.
38.
There goes another one.
And I had some food and I had one of the meat patty things.
Meat patty.
Yes, meatless patties.
It was pretty good.
There.
I had like three of them.
Yep.
So I do apologize.
It's pretty good.
It's got some nice spice to it and everything.
So, the natural apology.
I said just that you're such a hard ass.
Well, I like that stuff.
It's just a pile of plate up with them patties.
I like that kind of thing.
Like a baby.
Like a baby.
I've listened.
A lot of people are superstitious about vegetarian food.
I can relate.
I used to be.
Oh, I mean, superstitious about veg.
I never heard of that.
They just, they don't think they're going to like it
because there's no meat or lard in it.
Because nothing suffered in order to make it.
So it's not going to taste good.
I'm having a smoothie.
Are you really?
Yes, I am.
Good.
You usually do that, don't you?
What?
Have smoothies?
What are you talking about?
Yeah, oh yeah.
It's like a little while.
Well, yeah, you're talking in the past now, okay?
No, no.
There's still hope for the future.
I hope so.
Yeah, good.
I doubt it though.
I don't think so.
John McCain's demonstrated non-chalance
and whether or not you guys should bring its troop song
from Iraq demonstrates that the Republican presidential candidate
is out of touch and just doesn't get the consequences
of a continued occupation.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said yesterday.
Reid issued a skating review to the Arizona Senator
after McCain's appearance on the NBC Today Show,
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean
and Syrigans of Presidential candidate Barack Obama
also were quick to condemn McCain
after Wednesday morning's appearance.
Post Matt Lauer noted the perception that the surge
is working in asked McCain if he had a better estimate
of one American forces can come home from Iraq
to which McCain replied,
no, but that's not too important.
As he has before, such as his off-criticized 100-year statement,
McCain said the length of occupation
wasn't what was important,
but the number of casualties he has troop suffer.
So let them stay there and rot forever as long as they stay alive.
That's what really counts.
Little, little, little, little, little crazy person.
And this is the best of Republicans could come up with.
It was a total crazy old coup.
56670560,
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WDQ-Y-N, hello.
WDQ-Y-N, hello.
Hi, this is Nancy.
I enjoy your show mentally.
I have a question.
Yes, I do.
My question is,
last week your ratings came out.
How did you do it?
Because I was looking in the paper
and nobody wrote anything on it.
Good. That's good.
That's good that nobody wrote anything about it.
They're not good.
They won't hurt.
The station is vanishing from the earth.
That's why nobody wrote anything.
Yeah, he's just a trend.
They don't write articles about trends.
Oh, okay.
That's what Barry Jackson was going to write something
because he usually writes things about...
Especially if the guys across the street
or in the middle, he's in their pocket if they do well,
which really happens, but especially if it happens.
Okay, because I was out of town
so we can read my nephews' graduations.
I can't even write in, you know,
be able to hear what happens.
You don't want to know.
Okay, but you're not going to have to have a great day.
They sucked.
The ratings sucked.
They blew.
We don't have any.
Can't complain about a ring song.
QM because we don't have any.
But Jolly Joe is running around.
We're going to do this and we're going to do that.
You'll see, Neil.
I'll see you all right.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Did you see the recent time magazine article about the soldiers on Prozac
and anti-depressants?
No.
It's very interesting.
It has a stat that shows...
When the soldiers have been on three or more tours,
their incidence of mental-serious mental illness is close to 30%.
Well, don't tell us, John McCain.
Yeah, so that's what I'm saying.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you, sir.
May be he wants more people to be mentally ill, like he is, John McCain.
That's possible.
And this is where he loves companies, not what they say.
I think you're eating again.
Chop, chop.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
I have a number one news.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
Why do you have something again, Hitler recladen?
What is Joe and Jack?
Oh, here we go again.
Yes.
Let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you something.
Is this your one topic?
Is this all your people will be talking about?
What do you have against Hillary Clinton?
Yes, I talk about men, part on your face, part on your whole.
Every time you get some scores,
what are you talking about with cruising in the 80s?
Did they spank?
No?
Yes, I said.
Yes, I said.
Yes.
Oh, yes.
Was there any doubt?
No.
Was there any doubt that he had the other order?
56670560, 560 and they've arrived in Singular, wireless line.
Well, I got such a big throw a lot of it yesterday.
Let's come back and do the thing.
You betcha.
WQAM, hello.
How you doing, Neil?
OK.
I'm Jeff Dauter from Life in a band called Doc Hooler.
Yeah, you're in a band called the Voice in the band.
You're in.
56670560, Â£560 in the Verizon.
You know, the interesting part of it is,
as weak as the responses today,
when you take away the four or five, you know,
they're called 600 times a piece,
there ain't much of anything.
No.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Kills time, though.
Oh, yeah, he kills some sensational time.
Yes, after all.
I think Kills the operative word.
How we doing with the certificates, by the way, still 38?
Refreshing right now.
38.
Not so good.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil, whatever you do, man,
just don't get the right TV.
Please, don't get the right TV.
Why is that?
I have the right TV.
Oh, I think just want to keep saying it.
Got it.
I like it.
Got it down there.
Don't have it here, because it doesn't exist here.
56670560, Â£560 on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
WQAM, hello.
I'm Gavore.
QAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Hey, as the media given any kind of indication on who Obama is going to have his running mate at this point?
Well, what do you mean he's the media given any indication?
He hasn't decided yet.
How many of you have been in the chat?
I know, like, with McCain, there's everybody talking about Chris now.
That's going to be his running mate.
Everybody's talking about Limp Risted, Charlie, Chris?
That's all Flurb about it online earlier, so.
Well, that doesn't mean everybody's talking about it.
You saw Blurb about it, so therefore everybody's talking about it.
Well, online and also on the talking head shows.
Yeah.
Well, once they're looking to his closet, this Chris ain't going to be the running mate.
Yeah, I think it would go by on my...
I don't understand why Richardson's not talked about to be with him, and then they will fear him.
Okay.
Well, I guess they can just forget the whole, you know, vetting process, and they just call this guy,
and he'll tell him Bill Richardson's the man.
Yeah, that's it.
Has the media done a speculating yet?
Yeah.
How about we just wait till he decides and tells us who he chooses?
Wouldn't that be an interesting...
Yeah, that's no fun.
Let's speculate.
Speculate?
I will.
You're picking on Bill Richardson again.
391 votes on the poll.
We're getting close to 400, Chris.
All right.
Which talentless child of privilege capitalized best on his or her family's fame and fortune?
W. George W. Bush 192.
Almost half the votes.
Per assault on 113.
John F. Kennedy Jr.
Don't let me forget to play that.
Okay.
16.
Hey, Sophia Coppola 7.
Joel Feinberg 7.
What a loser.
God.
Torey Spelling 6.
Lisa Marie Pressley 5.
Melissa Rivers 5.
Jim Belushi 5.
Donald Trump Jr. 5.
We still know who that is.
Miley Cyrus 4.
Kelly Osborne 4.
Brooke Hogan 4.
Ashley Simpson 4.
Donate Oliver Sachi 3.
Nicole Richie 3.
Anderson Cooper 2.
Charlie Sheen 2.
Kate Hudson 2.
Victoria Gaudi 1.
Chadolo 1.
And Nanyat 4.
Tatum O'Neal Jr.
Van Dykecci Affleck
Or Greg Gumball.
The best talentless hero of his 40.
5.
60.
3.
Fourth leader.
How many years I'll show you mine.
Take it.
What real band for you?
What chase real good?
Sugar!
And what gives you the excess energy to drive Mom crazy?
Sugar!
So what breakfast cereal will you tell Mom to buy?
Next time she goes shopping.
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Super sugar!
Super sugar!
Sugar!
Super sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
Sugar!
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
I love you Flintstones, Jewelble Valley.
You know, a piece by George?
I said, how's it going today?
No, sir, it's not going to happen.
I mean, where, you know, if it makes you happy, saying these things, fine.
I don't disagree with it.
What's not going to happen?
But wouldn't it be ironic?
And irony is the point I was trying to make it happen.
Let me say it again.
It isn't going to happen.
Read my lips like Daddy said.
Read my lips.
It isn't going to happen.
Yes, it would be poetic justice, but we don't have any justice.
Okay.
We're too busy, you know, busting people for having a pin droid or something.
We're asking their ass train, their car.
We don't worry about people that, you know, send folks to get killed on a war based on lies.
Okay, I got a really good article here about blame Bush, where the hell is it?
Oh, and Chuck Berry said no to John McCain.
Aren't you impressed by that?
Medium impressed.
That doesn't blow you away.
The fact that Chuck Berry turned down McCain.
He said, hell, I don't know about blow it away.
He joined a course of musician's starving John.
I don't know why that's even a story.
Would you expect Chuck Berry to be a Republican?
I would not.
Well, there you go.
I can't find that damn story about blame Bush.
Oh, here it is right here.
It's in my hand.
That's why I couldn't find it.
Sometimes you're looking forward.
You can't find it because it's in your hand.
Robert Scheer says, blame rising oil prices on Bush.
Wow, a lot of people must have bought Hummers last week.
How else to explain the spike in oil prices?
I've got a brief one.
Can I read this?
No, I'm not being silly.
They are, and by they, they, I mean the gaggle of media pun,
it's another administration apologist, embedded by some green zealots
who want to explain our energy crisis by reference to propagate consumers.
Sure, in the long run, we consumers, especially the most wasteful ones
who have put a reside in the rural USA, and who become a customer
to consuming many times our populations' worth of the world resources,
do need to shape up.
But that has little to do with the five-fold rise in the price of oil
since George Bush became our president.
The AP did it.
Bush's deliberate roiling of rural politics is the key variable
in the run-up of oil prices.
No president's been more brilliant in destabilizing the politics of oil producing countries
from Venezuela to Russia and onto the key oil lakes of Iraq and Iran.
The last will go down, and the history of our nation
is one of the dumbest excavators ever rivaling even the madness of the Vietnam War.
But this time the neocons bet their smart money on oil
as the decisive missing ingredient for success.
Vietnam was always absurd on its faces the imperial adventure because
as American consumers who check their labels must know,
the Vietnamese dominate the market only in the provision of farmed shrimp.
I won't bother here to dignify the canard that Vietnam,
any more than Iraq, ever represented a serious threat to U.S. security
to our McCain sacrifice in the former warnaz,
apologetics for the current one outwithstanding.
After the most ignominious defeat in American history,
Communist Vietnam did not have to be fought on the shores of San Diego
as the hawks at that time predicted,
but rather went to war with Communist China,
the country that had occupied Vietnam for thousands of years.
The Vietnamese later made their peace and outcompete successfully
in the capitalist market without controlling anybody else's resources.
Something similarly unexpected is likely to occur if we get out of Iraq
and permit the people of that region to make their own history.
Events upon our departure will follow the vagaries of a historical script
centering on religion, ethnicity, and nationalism,
which is the talking heads in the median political circles United Ignoring.
As Iraqi Prime Minister Al Malaki demonstrated the other day
with his third visit to his former safe haven in Iran,
the politics of the region have already been sorted out in ways
unproductive by the Neocons.
When he'd only note the words of advice extended to Malaki by a ran supreme leader,
the Itollical meeny, that the Iraqis must think of a solution to free themselves
from the U.S. military.
Malaki nodded every grateful for an audience with a man
who holds Iraq's destiny as hand thanks to the American overthrow
to Ran's nemesis Sodom Usain, as I said Bush was brilliant.
But to be fair, the administration did finally get something right last week
when defense secretary Robert Gates fired both the civilian
and military chiefs of the Air Force.
It were being punished in part for being in charge of an Air Force defense system
that lost track of a nuclear load, be it loaded B-52,
that flew over the U.S. without anyone in the chain of command
or where it was dangerous cargo.
Then there was also the matter of ballistic missile fuses
that were wrongously shipped to Taiwan.
The Air Force has been especially egregious in exploiting the history
of over 9-11 to commit to hundreds of billions in future spending
for high-tech weapons that make no sense
with the collapse of the Soviet Union.
One issue in the firings was the Air Force's pushing for hundreds more F-22 fighter jets,
a $65 billion program that Gates had concluded was not needed
as there's been no rule for the existing forces in Afghanistan and Iraq wars.
Gates rejected the argument that China or any other nation
was on the way to providing the F-22 with a worthy opponent.
Given a sudden commitment to logic, Gates may not survive long
even in his lame duck administration.
Better get someone in their fast who is content that we taxpayers pay the interest on loans from China
to pay for building up an arsenal of counter-reppings that the Chinese show no sign of building.
He had so many money, yours.
Robert Scheer, he was good enough for the early times.
Nope.
But nevertheless, I love all these people.
I mean, you know, that young guy that called before.
I mean, he was articulate and intelligent and concerned.
But what's the point?
You know, what's the point of beating a dead horse?
Am I right?
Might feel good.
Not for the horse.
That's my death.
Well, I'm looking at that death by a chocolate.
Got to stop eating carbs, man.
Got to stop.
Don't you agree?
I do agree.
When it's out, store them out.
I'm trying to cut them down.
You're what?
Cutting down the carbs.
Whenever I'm on a diet, I'm on a diet.
I'm on a diet.
I gotta get back into the 180's and then the 170's and then 160.
You can do it.
By what?
By will.
George will.
George will.
George is diet.
I got news for it.
He likes that show.
If you watch George step on top of his that show on Sunday,
you will lose weight.
You'll lose your appetite for life.
God is at a bad show.
Let's bring back David Brinkley.
What do you say?
Prop him up.
I knew he was in bad shape when his eyes started getting ready to pop out.
Yeah, yeah, you know how some it's not me yet. Thank God, but some people when they get old their eyelids begin to droop and their eyeballs start like they look like they're gonna pop out
yep like
like that
Where's Chad Huntley when we need a man? Where's Edward R. Morrow?
Where's Robert Trout and his buddy trouser trout?
The Democratic Party as a whole is as spineless and cowardly as
Anyone could ever begin to imagine which is why the Republicans every time they get in there every time they steal another election
They get away with basically whatever they want
Bubba he gets a hammer and he's being impeached okay
For lying about his personal sex life which was nobody's damn business, but nevertheless
Whole country had to be everything had to be held up in limbo because of that crap
While Kenny Star was writing all this damn pornography and
The public said and of course the media they loved it. Oh my god. They just drank it up. They love they sucked it up
I have shouldn't say that
416 votes. What do you think 500 Chris or what? Yeah, mr. I don't like cheesecake
You're I don't understand don't you know who's the one that says they don't like ice cream was that you I never said I don't like ice cream
I just don't have it as often as you you what I don't have it
As often as you how do you know that does how do you know how often I have ice cream because you talk about it the next day
Right like virus score ice cream that I had yesterday. Uh-huh
Well
Too bad
Maybe you'd be a lot less surly if you had ice cream every day
Maybe feel a lot better about your life. Maybe you wouldn't waste 600 pounds
Maybe more like 675
Thanks for it later. Oh
This is odd. This is not a tumor. It's the ones that two hours
And now the recording stars who sold more records and the Beatles box car wheelie and the Calseels combines
Don't go changing
Yes, the immortal death tones are back and now they're singing all your favorites just as you remember them
Something
Yes, the tunes you can't forget and the word they can't remember
It's the death tone with their unforgettable new album songs we know most of volume
Something available now and crap go records and tapes and those compacted thing in the bothers
102 at 560 WQ. I'm happy Thursday to look at that phone. What a shame and we were getting somebody good calls to me too
Yeah, what what you choking gagging and pupil oh
Like said Reverend Jones gagging that want to he started with that the phone it's totally and
Started gagging and puking and uh and all of that
560 560 let's get a whole bunch of men this hour man between now and two
lines are that is a door nail
There's room in a motel
vacancy and the pound 560 and a Verizon singular wireless line a kindergarten teacher and I have no idea where this is a
kindergarten teacher at Chikam Laga Elementary School is facing five child sex charges in Katusa County
Related to at least two young girls warrants against time to craft a user of fondling and digitally penetrating little girls
It says we've also confirmed at least one of those children was in her kindergarten class
According to the incident report a girl told her mother she'd been molested multiple times by crap and crafts home on sickamore drive and chickamaga
The incident report also states is at least one other victim and one other suspect that suspect is underage in place
Investigation the possibility that's a suspect is a victim as well. They're still trying to finger it out
We spoke today the original victims mother spoke on condition and an immediate and say she and crap were close friends and her daughter was
Crafts kindergarten student the woman says her daughter who's now seven was only five when he'd used began
School administrators at Chikam Laga Elementary stated no longer investigation of their own
Superintendent Melody Day says in the school systems 30 year history
They've never had a deal with allegations of this nature and they're waiting on the official word from the sheriff's office before proceeding
How do you like that?
Crafts lawyer Chris Talley tells us his plan adamantly denies the charges
It says she was never given the opportunity by the sheriff's office to the other side of the story
What could her side of the story be she didn't do it a little committed up?
How does who does?
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Okay, one for the poll I don't know if it really fits but what about all the beastly kids?
No
Beasley kids all the kids George George taking care of them but everything. I mean yeah
You got idiots running that company there screwing around. Yeah, and what is he?
Figurehead, yeah, exactly. Okay. I know we're talking about famous
You know, we're not talking about marginal people like mom and pop radio kind of people who pretend to be broadcast users
Like these people don't get me started with the beastly's please
5 6 7 0 5 60
Pound 5 60 oh it's in Tennessee. Oh that figures that story we just had from Chickamaga
That's in Tennessee
Then that kind of make it a little queer a clearer for you. Yeah
Everybody's in everybody else in Tennessee. They're all talking about trailer trash. Yes. He not white trash Joe trailer trash
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello, don't want no damn darkies in the why that W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, Nail have you ever been this digitally
No, not this week now W.D. Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hola
Yeah, when I began being digitally penetrated was when Joe Bell came to town. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay?
I'm an old boy, but I listen to your show all the time. Yeah
I think Jerry Lewis been your poll and earlier Jerry Lewis
Jerry Lewis
You agree or disagree?
Jerry Lewis
Jerry Lewis the guy that doesn't talk on you say I
I heard you talking about
You got called earlier about Paco. Why is he worried about Paco?
And also are you having an infecuation?
With the quarter stock guy? Oh
That's who it is. Yeah, I was wondering. Yeah, I wasn't sure which idiot was doing a voice that's who was yeah now
He's doing voices too and he's talking like like really slow because he was very surprised that he was on at the end of every sentence
Really he paused every time he would say something
Oh really? I'm still on them better say to you know maybe maybe somebody used to put a foot in that slot. That's good. We can penetrate
Let me see who I am hello. Yeah, I'd say what I'm 29 years old and I
65 and over
listeners to do my generation of favor and just skip
General election vote and they do me that favor
It does none of the issues that are on the table. What about me do I get to vote?
What's that? I get to vote. No
Everybody over 65 don't vote
Just let it go to you know that would be for our generation we need some help here. We were left a big build a pay and it's ridiculous
All right
Whipers snapper
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 even the ones who sound like they might be like, you know rational
Like a prize. Yeah, guess what
That's a side of South Florida, baby. Let's put on an endless loop
WDQ I am hello
You know, it's interesting. Oh, I line one is ring another for some reason. I thought maybe they disconnected that one too like line eight
I wouldn't be surprised over a period of time as you start to see the lines disappear and once they're gone
Yeah, yeah WDQ I am hello
Hello the answer to Donald Trump Jr
He that's his son and he works on the apprentice and he does
He does why
She what happened he sees died her phone died
Didn't it it did right in the middle of what might have been
He did there was somebody gagged her maybe Donald Trump would an evil spell on her
Donald Trump. Oh my goodness
5 6 7 0 5 60 keep him coming pound 5 60 and Verizon singular wireless line WQ a M hello
WQ a M hello
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I've on them that I tell I've never felt a piece of felt
WQ a M hello
They play with each other make it on the street
Thanks Jennifer Q a M hello
Hey, how you doing? I have a question
He'll be clean his device president do you think that her no bumble might have an affair?
No
Why not do you think any man is gonna touch her?
I mean if they're working late at night anything can happen now
Obviously you got too much time on your hands man too many too many fantasies
Yeah, they're working late at night
First of all if he picks her she ain't gonna be the vice president. He ain't gonna be the president
But other than that. That's just a small detail right right
WQ a M hello. Yeah, Neil. Yeah, I just want to tell you have a good summer and I think he well
Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. I like that. Wow. It's not like he had a sock over the phone, but nevertheless
Extending his very best as opposed to what do you do?
I need to do his bitch about this and bitch about that bitch about the colors. Yeah
There's like a decent old coot right there like me. I'm a decent old coot
Listen, hey, good and by the way, I'm having lunch at two o'clock with Paco for anybody once I start keeping a diary writing these things now a lot of people
Evidently and you want to know why I have no why I
Know that if you said they have to vicariously live through my life and your life and not even the real life all the sorts of things right sit around and conjure up in their minds
Or I know somebody like that and they counties matter fact really who for many many years has been conjuring up all sorts of fantasies about my life
but nevertheless
How many Q a M hello? Hey, miss O'Neill. Yes, sir, mr. Collar
I'm wondering if you've heard this rumor going around that the reason that Hillary Clinton only
Suspended her campaign did not quit is because the fact that
Senator Obama isn't legally allowed to be in the race to begin. Oh, are you?
You know something you've been reading national review too much
Well, the truer is not true. No, it's not true. Let me say it again. It is not true. Well, I think you're a damn liar
Well, I don't care. What's your thing? How do you like that? Yeah, like you can think yeah?
Horses that yeah you shmuck
He ran out of material
There's one thing I can't stand its name cards. Oh, Prince Charles. Yeah, but that isn't the show business. That's the thought of I
Mean what is he?
What is Charles?
What funny looking no for the pool about the nepotism of capitalizing on his face
I know because that that goes from generation that's all those puzzles
And of course they would imply that somehow the rural family has got some kind of talent
Exactly of a brilliant some kind of something besides just being a bunch of funny-dirty old hypocrites
For busy screwing their brains out
In addition to Prince Charles buggering the butler or whoever the hell he's doing or it's the other way around. I'm sorry
That's why he likes wearing them kills
The fourth leader
You idiot
You believe that jerk
Oh, man, man, you seem a little tense. Yeah, I've been snapper the people all day
Maybe it's time of the month. Me too. You know, I've been cranky retaining water and look wearing these white gloves
I know what you mean every 28 days I get this insatiable craving to buy a banjo and a corn cob pipe
Yeah, well then it looks like there's only one thing to do
And was that down mr. Lacka
Oh these two men are suffering from pre-ministral syndrome
Beware the warning signs if your husband ever comes home with a tambourine or a banjo pick and insist on calling you
Mr. Bones hide the shoe polish and call your family doctor immediately
So tell me that mr. Bones yes, sir, mr. Lacka
It's a love that woman. I saw you wear blood now. Oh, there was no woman. There was Martina never to
No, it's not very funny and there is no cure
So when it happens to the man in your life try to understand pre-ministral syndrome
Once they see that totally is we're good. I mean you know what this reminds me of what this is perfect for the
Coaches your will comes around goes around or however that goes
These are what 20 years old
Right the ACNs from the early days at IOD thereabouts. Yes, and you know back in those days
They were like you know like amusing, but not not hysterical fall down funny
You know not what we thought and then we went through the whole cutting edge period where we could play a whole bunch of
Of course we can't play and I was you look back at this and this is perfect for now
These are amusing not hysterical right not dirty. Yeah, not cutting it what they're like oh
Come on
There's lukewarm at best. Yeah, the National one
So what the National one sorry? I have belped right in the middle there
You you don't understand what I'm saying what he said I don't know. Okay, I understand
117 at 560 there is Barack Obama in Wisconsin each year
Seniors in this conference should not vote. That's what the guy said before anybody 65 and older don't vote
Even if you vote for the right candidate don't vote anyway. I mean he just made a whole lot of say it's our time
No, yes, he turned about his unfair play as Peter Marshall would say
Used to be the old parts in South Florida, but you know in his son. He's the early bird. It's our time now get out of here
Oh
I'll never forget that is that's a true story
It's a true story some old bitch
I go in a restaurant with a couple of friends. This is way back in the day
70s mid 70s and
Some old bang is sitting there. I think it was a Chinese restaurant was an early bird
What are you doing here you're not old enough for the early bird this is our time now and
And other dead W. Q. I. Am hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay? Are you gonna be traveling abroad this summer maybe
Tell me I'm a few months back. You were putting this kind of putting a knock on Amsterdam. Yes, what's the deal?
It's not the land of the free anymore. No, they're like
They're getting rid of most of the red light district and they're banning a mushrooms and they're becoming more and more
fascistic
We would which it's gonna be their funeral because tourism is good and drop real bad there too many other neat places to go
As opposed to going there and eating their crappy food. Oh, yeah
Yeah, you don't want to eat a Mickey D's I can do that right here
What about at that pancake place next to the river? Have you read that place is that still there?
Pancake yeah, there's some big old building there the end Frank building where they serve these
Panty pancakes well, I need no pancakes okay. Okay. All right. We'll have a good summer Neil
You're okay twice a week then right? Yes, sir. Okay, because I we don't want to die a slow measurable death with George Kavorkian
Okay, see you there's another one of your fans. I know they're lined it up
That's all right. You better get used to it because George is gonna be on a lot
I'll be here Tuesday and Thursday. I guess I should explain that we might have some new listeners out there. Oh not
That during the summer months starting whenever I feel like it's starting about June 16. It doesn't matter what we do. It's a secret
What do you mean by that nobody on the outside is gonna know? Oh nobody outside?
Well, no anyway, that's right because we don't do any promotion outside. We just keep preaching the choir
So like the costume appearance was great. It was a lot of fun, but you know, those are people who are already listeners
We don't do anything anything to create one
Soledante Uno not one listener new one
So either they find us by accident or they just to don't find us and
And the numbers keep dwindling and dwindling and the audience keeps dying and vanishing and moving away and a whole bunch of
You know
And these people but a beat better go and of course the excuse used to be
We're losing a million dollars a year on the marlins. It was always the marlins was excuse why they didn't do any promotion
Well, we don't have the marlins anymore and we're not losing any money on them
In fact, we're we're siphoning off a few extra bucks not a whole lot
But with that 10 minute phone. He showed we have it 650 every night before the marlin game with Jesse Agler
Who's a good guy, by the way?
I don't think we're doing but nevertheless
It's just a commercial thing is all it is. Oh come on. It's a great show a lot of insight
How much insight can you get into 90 seconds in between eight and a half minutes of spots a lot?
Okay, good
Boy, you're sure turn turn your ass today
He turned his ass and cut a big fat one. I can smell it all the way up here
That wasn't me must have been the damn cheesecake
Wtq a m hello
Wtq a m hello
George the mushrooms please Q a m hello
I'm sure you'd like him. Yes, I was wondering if George gonna be a you are wondering you were wondering
If you're ever gonna croak. That's what we're wondering if you're ever gonna croak
Everybody in town is wondering that
You know, it's amazing how many years has he been like infesting our lives so put it too many
And yet there's not one person who has who apparently has got any idea who that is other than his boyfriend
You know, I mean? I
Mean like when it was what's his name there the Eddie although that was from the phone number wasn't from some business that he's the manager at right
What's his name against Steve Steve something?
And then we put his name on here and the phone number he still didn't care
This is what process is what this is what the deal is when you're when you're dealing with crazy people
They don't care in fact they enjoy it right. It's like the serial killers. It's the same thing
They're doing it because they know that they're gonna get their 15 seconds of fame before they get fried
Everybody Q a m hello
Okay, sir, first couple things I don't want to kill the ratings of hockey cock but congratulations on your new coach
I wonder what you think of him
Wouldn't make a congratulations
But Wilson we got Doug Wilson who I can't stand and we got Cliff Fletcher there because there two
There two stupid and cheap to hire a new GM
So we're stuck with old white-haired Cliff Fletcher again, but anyway, I can't be any worse than I was
I think Wilson might be a good fit for Toronto. I think I'm gonna say because they have no talent
Well, yeah, I think he knows the ropes. I think you might introduce me some well that I know something
He ought to be at the end of one, but anyway go ahead
second thing
I wanted to tell Chris too. They also got the cheeseburgers at the Donald's since the 19th on Sunday also
Now you're talking okay. Thanks. Oh listen and and Chris
emailed me yesterday
Which I forgot to mention and I didn't understand it was about the the anus burgers
Uh-huh, and what were you trying to tell me if they have them in the states? Yes, sir
We have BK BK has an angus style burger
Well, I don't think I don't have well, we're not talking about BK
I understand that McDonald's does not have the angus burgers in the United States
They've test trial them in a couple places only Canada has them in a wide they're great area
So I must have the BK BF burger and that's what I thought I was burger eight yes
Yeah, because we were talking and I said I'd lottery they tasted like ass. Yeah
Who's oh
Ian's
Yeah exactly that's what Sandy Faten said
You
469 on a pool. I think you're gonna make the 500 that that would be a pretty revolutionary
That would give me a little bit of confidence that maybe there's somebody how do we do with a certificate?
It's not too good. That doesn't surprise me because lately. I mean we have two sushi places there
You have a vegetarian what 38 not good see we're still stuck there on 38 we sold 10 right off the bat and then we sold since then too
Not good
Which isn't what's isn't a reflection on the restaurant? I mean you guys are eating and the food is great
Which the other place was the same deal
But it's just that people are afraid of places that they don't know about and the certain types of food
Right, I think well, I think what we ought to do is based on the colors last few days
Get some Mongolian beef, you know some on goalie restaurant honor for Mongolian idiots
We'd have no shortage then
We write up this crowd's alley
Nobody Q a.m. Hello
You low-peasant George again, please please
I'd forgotten all about that
Well George is trying to get into her pants or whatever the deal is I don't know yeah, that's it
I don't know what it is Chris hates her like poison by the way. I do not you had you don't I don't you don't like her whatever
You know see you know you're you're one of these guys you're getting just like you're just trying to start stuff
It's not there no, I'm not
You know, you're just old and from a unit. It's a matter of how old the day is not a case of the matter what changes you can't stand over on the air you said
That's what you said no, we explained the whole thing what was that they were in the middle of a personal tip when that conversation was going on
But it doesn't matter who is tomorrow you'll forget this conversation too. Who is an elusive had a personal problem that has since been resolved correct
And what was that?
It's in the past don't worry about you had something going on with her no
ha ha ha ha ha
Oh better no where to start loving it that I know
Brandon says the angus VK
or VK burgers great has fried onions bacon steak sauce cheese tomato and lettuce
And well, let me tell you the Mickey D's one is really good too. We just you went gonna get it
Maybe just out of spite I'll go get one today. They're really good
And they have this pastry kind of bun. It's really funky. I don't know what they call it
Well, but I don't they have it. I know why they don't have it. They're probably because it's too good
The fourth leader
You know taking care of your lawn these days
Sheer seems complicated big trucks fancy service contracts dangerous chemicals
And I'll seem so unnecessary especially now when you can call on something as easy and natural as
Each week the Kim dog will personally inspect your lawn
For weeds and crabgrass he'll spray liquid formula number one
And for those patches where grass just don't seem to grow your Kim dog will apply a special layer of formula number two
Oh
Watch your step. That's all natural fertilizer
So if your lawns looking kind of shaggy unleash the Kim dog
We may not be the best, but we sure got a leg up on the competition. Oh
I
Don't
131 and 560 happy to not love those those I do love this nuggets in the past what they were well produced on right
People who cared and they didn't all have Scott petting you a lot of me there. No
Let's see who's this from Sean Sean who's using a new format on his page
Dear Uncle Neil. Thanks for the swell half price deals. I'm taking my girlfriend a blue moon for birth
They despite the fact she sends naked pictures to other guys and do a few girls
One of the fellows reciprocated. I wasn't interested, but a bit envious brings new meaning to the term upload
Or like updog
smells like
I was lucky to get some hand price certificates last time first time I tried the blue moon
Was poison ready to keep word but they sold out in 11 seconds
Well good luck to you Sean
He got some last time when that's because we don't have anybody listening anymore
You won't have so much competition is used to what do we got left 150 now on the deal today
38
Mm-hmm. It's your fault. I know it's always my fault
You had a you had a tip with the Lucy Lopez see first you lied about it first you said you never said that and I
No, no, no, no, I didn't say what you said I said
You said that you didn't like when she was on here with George
He said it's not for him and I thought I said it wasn't not for me
Yeah, so then you came on the air and just like me like you know world war three
No, I did not
I
Didn't make a world war three. I said you don't like when she's on here
What differences make what you like and don't like we're not programming do you anyhow?
That's at the point what what is the point you lie and make stuff up no, I do not
I
You'll say the same guy that called me dumb the other day. Yeah, some screaming fag yesterday whatever
What it was today?
I hit who is the most boring
Sean says he's got one pull then who what makes you the sleepiest
Well, there's several people on left-hand com who you know could be in the right hand crossover. Okay. Thanks, Sean. Yeah
cross-dress pull
And the great news is I mean we had some phenomenal calls today. I got it. I got to admit that
481 votes. We got 27 minutes for only 19 vote anybody could do that even
Cordis could do that. Well don't let me forget you keep that reminding me about making out that check. Hey, don't forget
I don't know. I don't forget to play that bit. Oh
Yeah, I better do that now
And they call John John's that's what it is. I'm not gonna find that
Like your fingertips
You think of a million there like J.F.K.
Could afford a better
J.F.K. at more time
But I know a five per cup of cheap and crappy
Plain that close
I got it. That my head's about the
Now
From what they call the Kennedy curse
If you don't think he'll galley for the life
Here up its only gonna get worse
Oh
Hey
Oh
If you would have been like John Smith or something like that nobody would have paid any attention to him. Yeah, nothing going right
But nevertheless he was a part of the Kennedy claim. He didn't look like a Kennedy and a lot of people said he was
He was kind to own asses that he was the daddy. Oh, yeah, and of course that horror Jackie. She was anybody with a lot of money man
She was screwing their brains out. Hmm
Horror high paid horror yet
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama charged yesterday that US credit card companies are tricking Americans with the accepted practices and the Republican John McCain has done nothing to stop it
Obama on a two week tour focusing on problems in the US economy held a roundtable discussion with three people who have seen their credit card debt
Skyrocket due to relentless cycle of interest rate increases and fees
For too long credit card companies have been using unfair and deceptive practices to trick Americans in assigning agreements
They can't afford a bomb a set
Americans have enough session with credit cards often using plastic in place of cash. They're spastic over plastic
And I'm encouraged by the credit card companies to use them to buy not just big ticket items, but on every day I was like gas and groceries
See it says not just big ticket items now gas is a big ticket item. Yes. Yeah
As a consequence many people owe thousands of dollars in credit card then are only able to make the minimum monthly payment
The balance in place for a long time there are some fears that the credit card debt could mushroom into a crisis in much the same way that subprime orgises have afflicted the US economy
Companies held up for scoring at the event included Bank of America Washington mutual and GE Pearl money a credit card issued through the eyeglass vendor pearl vision
Obama said the laws and regulations governing credit card companies have been lax and that the companies have paid millions of dollars to create favor of members of Congress to get laws written to their liking
I think everybody out there who we said Mickey D's you had to go to see the manager next time to go to your local
Mickey D's your neighborhood joint wherever you go and
Tell me when you want the a-ness burger now I
I think that's criminal
Who yet? Yeah
Why are they holding it back from America is it's like anti-American or something? What's that all about?
You've gotta talk before how sometimes they'll have a special T item one of those places and they discontinue it right when you're
Yeah, it's like that Arby's used to do it all the time really cross my ass. I hate when they do that
That's one thing about hardies
We pulled up to the drive-through there and you know I hadn't been to hardies in the years
And I looked at the the menu thing there
And sure enough there was the mushroom swiss burger yep if they went ahead
I would I would have just backed up and hauled ass
Got back on a Hershey highway, but they had it
And it was de freaking delicious and it was just out there. That's right. I was really good
God it was good like hardies
Who now doesn't I don't know people that haven't had it people with no taste like so many of the people in South
Photo and wrote like people listen to footsie for Christ's sake on both of them
Duff told me that he would like to take his radio out of his car and smash it into the sidewalk just out of his
Scust for how bad that show is and you know how mild-mannered she he generally is
The minute you I am hello
Yes, sir
I'm surprised that the priority Yankees wasn't on that pole yesterday
Yeah, that was depressing very depressing and
Hey George
You can go through with that best technique. Yeah, it's the doctor's fine. Is that his name? That's what I'm thinking about
Sorry, that's what I'm thinking about using yet
That guy has some billboards on 95. Well great. I found them on the internet. That's him. Yeah, okay
All right, hey look at the same guy that performed a surgery on Moses of two pan drive through the psychomy
Yeah, I have a great day, pal. We're looking forward to talking to you next week George. All right
To be all the sector me a week. That guy sounds a little bit too friendly. I don't know maybe. Oh, he wants to check it out
What you're the goods to the sector me. Yeah. Oh
You really are gonna have best sector me. Yeah. I don't want any more accidents. That's right
With anyone oh
Because I was gonna I was gonna add not my business though
Whatever no, it's not my business. I might do stops for the guy
Really really? Oh, you're gonna become like mr. Ego now. You're gonna know only for things that I want you're gonna
Hore off your body parts only for things that I want
New new eyebrows would be good auction my fertility. I would use a hair transplant too. Well, we're at it
Maybe a couple of maybe a booby-yah tuck
Sure
The works 489 on Chris's pull Chris could use a booby tuck
Am I right? Sure
Yeah, remember remember fire tuck sure he could use one too. Yeah
I'm not so sure he had one but
I am the fourth leader
It's another week of unforgettable films on dub theater
Monday night at nine. It's the Rogers and Hammerstein classic Oklahoma in Japanese
It was the most horrifying film of the 1970s Tuesday night. We live the terror of
The exorcist in indian is the reverend your mother eats cows in L
Wednesday Jimmy Stewart stars in the holiday classic. It's a wonderful life in pig Latin
Are you my it's me or shame
Thursday get ready for close encounters of the third kind in Jamaican
And on Friday night it's Steven Spielberg's most beloved film ever
ET in German
So join us for another week of classics starting Monday right here on dub theater
145 a QA and your mother was it looks cows and how's that was cute yep rest of it I could live without anyway
So here's the deal the deal from Wikipedia that's got about 600 pages on McDonald's. Okay, angus third pounders
A test product that's currently being offered in southern California
Columbus, New York, Metri area and Mrs. Saga, Ontario, which is just a Toronto suburb
You better get it right there at uh, whatever this is Wikipedia
Mrs. Saga, my ass
There are three sandwiches the angus deluxe American cheese sliced red onions sliced red tomatoes
iceberg lettuce pickles mustard and mayonnaise
Wait to hear this the angus mushroom and Swiss
SautÃ©ed trumus with cheese and mayonnaise and angus bacon and cheese bacon and American cheese sliced red onions
Mustard ketchup and chicken pickles pickles careful though an Ontario
There is the angus deluxe the angus deluxe with bacon or cheese and the angus deluxe with bacon and cheese
That's my favorite
Cheddar cheese is used on the angus and cannons that are American cheese
Designed to compete with the anus burger from Burger King
Amus burgers are rumored to be released in Canada quarter two of two thousand. Hey, well they're here
It's the end of quarter two now and they're here
And so when European markets are back called the Greek Mac is sold
It consists of two burger patties wrapped in a pita with yogurt sauce
Tomato slices iceberg lettuce and onions the sandwiches offered in Belgium, Bulgaria
The Czech Republic spain Cyprus Serbia selected outlets in the UK and Portugal
Portuguese. Well, I see a what's his name?
The
Soccer player scored a winning goal for Portugal yesterday. What's it in Christian Ronaldo? Is that his name? Yep
Boy, he is something
Christiana Ronaldo
hotter than a firecracker
But nevertheless don't get started on that crap again. Yeah, that's right
Too much of that
That's what George says too much fag talk. That's why everybody's gonna be relieved when had a recessional George's on last week
Talked about his vast sector me how you don't want to knock anybody up again have any more unwanted babies
See how I say that you lie and make things up
What I didn't say too much fag talk ever not once in my life
Everything is serious with this guy now. You see everything is serious because you just made something up
But I'm calling you on it you said I do not I do not
George has sex with mook house
Who's been taking pictures? Let me do Q a m hello
I love when Joseph the Marlin
Yeah, the marlins yeah, okay the marlins he does he has a quadriola. He can't he can't say marlins. He says the marlins
Well, he's a jock when you know jocks have their thing
And sometimes they share it with each other
Let me do Q a m hello
Let me do Q a m hello
You know, yes, sir. Hey, buddy. What's going on?
What do you got hey a lot of Lucy Lopez talk today?
The Georgia I tell you about that story with her or making fun of that day
I talked to Georgia about it next week. I don't care about Lucy Lopez. Okay. I care about suds. He'll be on with him sure
Because he's a good guy and he's he didn't say it awful lot, but then again
He never says that either and you know something he was right not to say luck because required was grabbing up all the money and
treating suds like garbage
That's one of the many things that I hold against Rick Riley even though you pretend you don't see you know
I'm not making you what you have the same conversation over and that's right
Because you'll take one time. I'm trying to go on over your latest response to it is that you have no
What it's the same response. I've been responding for the past what 20 years all those but when I mentioned the fact that he
Hops up all the money in the year. Yeah, he is a person kind of a living. Well, it's not good
My problem you're us to him my problems with Rick Riley ended the day. I didn't have to be on that show anymore. Oh
You run that show? Yeah, I had to fill in when Marvin or Adam or whoever
Went and did the idiot on the corner the payphone challenge or whatever
I had to stay afterwards and run that shift as well and
Need I tell you that the difference between the two shows were night and day depending on who's at the home
Between what two shows your show and his show
Oh, he ran the show and his attitude and how he interacts with
producers and things like that and his ability to tell time and his ability to behave like a talk show
What do you think is there any component? Huh?
Harvest unprofessional. Oh
Professional was his issue and so we've ceased having issues when I didn't have to work on that show anymore
WDQ I am hello
WDQ I am hello. It's been about 13 years, you know
Yeah, we've been calling yeah, and it was the one to two hours long 70 Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m
Not there Q a.m. Hello
Cristiano Ronaldo has a mullet haircut man. How could you like that guy? He's beautiful
When you say it again, he's beautiful. You're not Q a.m. Hello
Good afternoon. How are you sir? Uh, I'd like to ask you I couldn't make your appearance at the house
A couple of years ago I had work
Oh, you know about but what I understand you were you have some new CDs and T-shirts out there? No
Oh, I thought you did old CDs new T-shirts. Oh, can you get them or no? No
No, anyway, you know, I want to tell you one other thing you were mentioning about the old restaurant by the name of VDoes
VDoes, yeah, VDoes opened up again. They did North 90 beats used to be right right off 163rd same place, but new building
Where is it same place really yep, they made a new building and it's combo with another restaurant inside
They still doing that stuff pizza thing the other god. Oh, man excellent man
Okay, thanks for having a good news, Kelly. Thanks. Have a good vacation. Thanks. Have a Q a.m. Hello
You speaking
Yeah, hey, hey don't get it. Good afternoon. Oh, sir
All right, I figure you with all the air time George gets um, I think it'd be the best one access question
Does he spit us warm up?
How many Q a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Hey, I want to get you there. Hey, you were you know just mentioned
Promotions a little earlier. Do you get the same? The till for your promotions come from the same as 96 pound 96?
Does the one the money that they use of course not
No, okay, I was just
Two billboards for DJ laughs. I was just wanting to share they do billboards. They promote like crazy to give away a zillion dollars to buy the audience
We get squat we get that kind of zippity-doo dog. That's right. That's that's that's
All right, I was just first about that. Now I want to I'm gonna I'm gonna send your buddy Norma Hammock take everybody
Oh
Poor Norman. I've even told me about that. Don't you find that a little bit bizarre?
Well considering him no
Don't you find him a little bit bizarre?
Not a five oh three look at that Chris even sitting out as fast as fat ass with a crappy attitude
They about vegetarian food and stuff and cheesecake you still got over 500 all right
Thanks to me because I pushed it for it. Well, you're a true kind and W wins that talentless child of privilege wins hands down your pants
Almost half the votes 233 peri-selton strong second and JFK junior a week third
Who I am
Take oh
WK
Once there was a
A book on a roll of much different life A typical meocompa yet
Can't stop to let me be your bank you do For giving writers something funny to do
You're looking for guys who make you go by I hope so
Larry cracked up you for a tap in your shoe
You still resellized a few days but you refused to go away
Republicans are bright I really get a day
It's all too loud for me with cheats up the heart
We all invite you to this hell of a heart
Funny you come right back to answer to go
I love you
Larry taking no crap when he's happy with you
Game game game I never have been yet
It's all too loud for me
He wants to stay here but his own party wants him to go away
He's got a little just right heart in it to say
Larry cracked his leg for you
He wants a man to scream
You fell and he died will you
Bye bye bye
The biggest name of death is Ella
Are you sure?
And you're the one who's behind me's open foot hole
On radio 560 WQAL
My name is Paul Lauderdale
Merci, oh Anneida
