You better hit behind the Marlon's Mr.
or the little one to get the money.
Yeah.
Oh, 560 WCLAM presents the Neil Rogers Show.
It's the Carpeo.
Yeah.
I'm local Yovl's showbiz at Tarny and frustrated radio host Norma Can.
Okay.
They call me Norma the Plumber of the Cross.
I specialize in flushing, promising careers down the thoroughly.
Okay.
After a long, hard day of scratch in my BDs, I need to relax.
Okay.
I'm interested in these hammocks to have on display.
Well, there's a lot of stuff going on here.
This one over here is our lazy fat man model.
We call him the Side Wander.
Let's come for you.
Mind if I try?
No.
It's nice.
It's a little too swing.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
You're getting big trouble for this.
Hold on.
Try to win that.
Don't go down.
No.
Stop right there.
I'm holding your head.
No.
Not my head.
No.
No.
You don't have to hang on.
You have to pull the hammock back as far as you go.
No, no, no, no.
That's it.
No.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Well, Taro Truett 560 WDQ, I'm happy to do today July 22.
George is on 6 today.
Now, you must know something about it.
I know that at about 7.45.
I got a text that said, I'm not there today.
It's AquaV.
Nice hit.
See.
We want some details.
We want to find out just, you know, whether he's dying over there or what to do.
And he better be here tomorrow because I won't.
That's okay.
Is that going to already talk to about how we can do the show?
Okay.
Good.
Have a good time.
In fact, why not?
I got a good idea because George will probably be out six again tomorrow.
Why don't you guys give it like a dry run today?
No.
Well, the post show meeting, you know, last Thursday, I do the show 6 p.m.
My Blackberry goes off.
I get an e-mail.
I'm my Blackberry from Jolly Joe Bell that says, hope you're enjoying the summer schedule.
George is doing a nice job in your days off.
Talk to you soon.
Joe Bell.
Oh my God.
You could have knocked me over with a feathered uster.
Joe Bell, my ass.
So you haven't talked to him since?
What?
You haven't talked to him since?
I guess.
Finally, I get a response to Professor who's been AWOL all the time.
How you going to do the show without George?
What a jerk.
I thought he died or something.
I thought, I don't know.
Well, it's nice to know you're alive, Professor.
That's good.
Yeah, how am I going to do the show without George?
Because George, I'm here.
It is the best.
Isn't that what the escuttle buddies?
Yeah, right here.
It's good that we have Zach with us today because I'm going to rip you such an ass for being such a worst man.
Who? Me?
Suck it along here with D.A.
Who's got that point?
Oh!
I've got a chance to do a lot of the show this morning because George is out sick and Chris didn't come in until, uh, got on to, like, 9-18.
That wasn't my choice though.
Oh, Jesus.
God, you are still defensive.
There was a lot of wrecks out there on the road and took him like 80 hours to get to work and I'm not blaming him, although he's an idiot.
Why am I, but what can I say?
But anyhow, and so I've got a chance to do a lot of all that.
Yeah, the Marlins.
Nobody goes to the Marlins.
And I've never heard so much in that of they both from the host who, you know, Johnny, come lightly and think maybe D.A. you keep your mouth shut because you don't know what you're talking about.
But in time for a few months or right away, he's an expert on why.
It's the media's fault.
It's the hair rolls fault.
If we just stop talking about the fact that nobody goes to the Marlin games, more people would go.
Uh-huh.
You want to explain that to me?
I said regardless, media or not, no one's going to go to these games until the end of the season.
Well, let me say it again.
This is not a sports town.
It never has been, it never will be.
It's a football town period.
And it's an NFL football town.
Well, that was the point when the Hurricanes are playing one of their little girls schools.
Usually they get like 15,000 people in the Orange Bowl when they were playing there.
Well, they're going to play Charleston, whatever on their first game on a Thursday night.
They're going to get more fans for that game than the Marlins again.
I heard you say that a hundred times this morning.
And you want to just repeat your performance from this morning.
Absolutely.
How did you say that?
I sure hope not.
Because it was weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
You can't read that.
They're funny sometime.
They're camp.
Sun some of you people
to camp.
But the excuses you've heard from off-bait would be mean,
ringing calling...
Well, they're funny sometime, not to make them afb of ouday.
But they're funny sometime, not to make them into a school for whether they are wearing a black belt.
So, it's not sitty nowadays, we're not going to cry for anything.
They sleep early.
Well, you should get the stash of the kittens or your children.
Does that make it a sports town? No. No. And never has been. How about the Panthers attendance?
How about the heated attendance and even the people who do show up are busy wandered around
schmoozing in the hallway while the game is going on? I mean I realize it's a sports station so
you know the people on the station got to try to convince everybody including themselves
that this is a sports town. It never has been and it never will be.
And as far as the marlins in the organization I just got this email right before the show this morning.
Want to hear it about the marlins? Yes please.
From a friend of mine who goes to the games who tries to help them out.
Just thought I'd pass along this annoying experience last night he says I decided to go
the marlins game and took the cowbell that they gave us as you give away on June 7th to the game.
The security people for me had to take it all the way back to the car if I wanted to see the game.
I asked to speak to a supervisor who told me the same thing.
I asked why I'm not allowed to bring something to the game that they gave to me and the only
response was we give away a lot of things you're not able to bring to the games.
I was still aggravated and left the game in the fourth inning.
I emailed their public relations for an explanation and of course no response.
A great way to treat people when you're dead last night attendance is it not?
Yes absolutely. It sure is. The freaking marlins.
I think professors got a good point. How are we going to do the show without George?
He's been just smoking this summer. Of course he's always smoking.
Maybe that's why he's out sick today. I'm here don't worry.
We got Zach today man. What a big improvement over a little.
George I mean.
Not seriously your performances morning was an embarrassment to me.
How was that? I said I could hard-bought to hold this morning because I didn't put the
parking decal in the new apartment. Oh the professor my aunt the nutty professor his car got towed
and I'm laughing that's bad. I should I should.
I put the decal on you idiot dummy. That's funny.
Yeah maybe if they just a battle location for the stadium of course it's right at the
county line you drive in right off the turnpike.
So yeah and these people well it's in a battle location and the yadi yadi and it's on next
order my house and nobody cares okay don't you understand?
And this crack the DA is peddling about well if the meeting would stop talking about it because
it's like a pack psychology you know if we know that there's nobody there then nobody else
is going to want to go. But if we thought that there's so much of people there we believe those
lies that they make up for attendance figures in the newspaper in the box score if we believe a
lot of people are going then we'll all go. Anybody buying that? Only a moron would buy that only
any it would say it. Here's a schedule speaking idiots we got the jerk show at 2 this afternoon
mad dog 4 to 6.50 we got first bitch with Jesse Agri 6.50 to 7 them dolphins tonight 7 o'clock
when everybody everybody turns off their radio then 8 to 11 Curtis for DA who's filling for the
little dog this week who's on vacation. You think it's the Herald's fault sack that people
don't go to the Marlon games? No and you know how much I hate the Herald I like poison.
I think you're right on the money that this is not a sports town. It's never got any.
It's an addition to which how many people are there in the summertime?
How come nobody ever talks about that except me? There's nobody there in the summertime everybody
bails out it's a hundred of reasons to shake and with or without a dome stadium or all this other
crap that they use in public money against the public's will to build for them. People still aren't
going to go. There's there's minimal interest number one and number two there's nobody around in
the summertime. Am I right? Yes they're all the smart people leave. Right.
So you can keep trying to force feed it all you want to and maybe you think that's going to lift
your point. Oh oh oh. No but I don't think so. Do a little homework, try it out that even
and the economy is bad that's a good one. How about when the economy was good where people showing up?
No. They still couldn't draw flies to a Schmidt pile.
If they poured 400 pounds of elephant crap on every base they still couldn't draw flies to it.
How do you like that? Am I right? Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely.
That's right. And then of course the public relations will give you a cowbell or some other
chatskider. And you bring it to the game to try to be a little you know make a little noise
create a little enthusiasm. Oh you can't bring that in here you better take that back to the car
we're going to kick you out. How do you like that? That's stupid. I take the cowbell and tell them
to stick it up their ass is what I would do. David Samson of course he'd probably like it.
Yeah be careful. Hey David you fairy. You're simpleton.
Here's the poll that George took yesterday what what do you wish was still in fashion?
555 votes for that's your week. Hot pants 121. Responsible parents 71. Personal responsibilities
54. Wife beating 42. Natural breasts 41. Men wearing swords 35. What is that all about?
He likes swords. What? He likes swords who George? Yeah. He likes swords.
I bet he's got a lot of matter all the screwing around he's on.
Female pubic here 31 human sacrifice 29. Corsets 22. Tied I 19.
Dueling 19. Oh there you go. Dueling in them and with swords. Strieking 16. Top hats 14.
Zubas 11. Rick Riley was obsessed with Zubas pants. Fedora 6 polyester 5. Suspenders 5.
Stockings 4. Notimes 4. Arrange marriages 3. Spats 1. Jumpers 1. What's a jumper?
It's like a a women's thing that was I guess big in the 80s that a like your jumper. Yeah exactly.
Packed from shoes one at Bobby socks none nobody likes poor Bobby socks. Wait till we get to
Charlie Beastball that I used for today man it's got 7000 choices on it. It's not good but it'll
take a long time to read so it makes it really good. All right. So whose fault is it that nobody wants
to go see the marlins isn't it the heralds fault maybe the dog done it somebody's fault.
Must be QAms fault because we don't talk enough about how great it is to go see the marlins.
And spend the fact that they hit us like poison Joe Rose is always on there sucking their ass when
he's not ripping Larry and the beanstalk or whatever he's talking about oh we know the marlins
they're so good to marlin nobody cares you can't force feed something to people that don't like it.
Why does that try to get us some marlins players on but well you know that doesn't mean nothing
yeah nothing nothing. Well there you go again we're trying to give them people the city they don't
want it. We try so the fact that they're last in attendance by a wide margin by the way and if
you really believe that 15000 some odd figure that's just tickets given away distributed and sold
and found on the toilet seat that game on Sunday I watched about two minutes of it the most
important game of the season against the Phillies okay. Middle of the game I turn it on and they
and amazing that I can't believe there was the Marlin telecast to and by the way that rich wall
sea is so freaking bad it's been styled like a ten-year-old kid awful awful and they they
pan back and they show you the stadium and there are these huge chunks of empty orange seats.
Now wouldn't you think that if any game would sell out all year long that would be one of them.
Yeah that was a huge game you're right the game of the season am I right yes I don't pay any
attention to it but even I know that even an old faggot like me knows that and there's no
nobody there sports time my ass I'm pit god I'm going to see Batman for the dead guy did you
steal him from the Lord I want to see that broke back man he's the dead guy what's the dead guy
wearing my suit I know it's so messed up my reason why he stood hey hey to watch the dead guy
watch the dead guy watch the dead guy I'm dying off here
he's so bad he's the dead guy I guess I should be so sad for the dead guy
That people should be dead, but he'll get that Oscar man and you know why he's already dead
So you want with George to see that movie? Yep, what kind of deal is that you can George getting pretty chummy these lasers?
What well? We got to have something to talk about on the show, so it was me George's daughter Steph engineering and I want to George's friends
George has a friend? Yes, Neil. Yes. Oh my god. Ooh, you fairy
Okay, here's the pull we got going today. We got 556 votes already. What did you have yesterday 55? Oh what time do you switch it?
Yesterday, I don't know afternoon evening 6 7 so it was on there for a while
Well, we put it on about 9 30 so oh
Excuse us again like with the Marlin excuses
Excuse us. Okay, nobody can deliver everybody's got excuses. That's what we're good for
Nothing or skips for nothing
You just dummy up until somebody taps you on a shoulder. Oh come on
Oh, why were you agreeing with him this morning? Why did you go along with that swillet? He was peddling
Well, what he asked me was
Why or when do I think the fans would get there?
And I said not to the end of the season not to their income like the two years that they won the World Series is right
Yeah, they showed up the last week when when they were close to the playoffs or in the playoffs already and that was it
Well, listen anybody can be a firm running phone like the euro to your or the rat with the Panthers
Oh, we love the Panthers. They are so you couldn't you couldn't find fans in a Panther game with a search party
Okay, and a telescope and that's the point I was trying to make that they'll get 50,000 people out for a UM
Charleston Southern game right on the third is hopeful. That's right
But but three games against the Braves in the middle of the week. They won't get 50,000
How many time were there last night?
You probably had about 15,000 tickets sold
How many showed up what it looked like about 30?
30 people
Sure
And there's no point in in chastising the fans that I say the fan though the public they don't care
You can't make people people care about something they don't don't care about
They're even the headline on yes, pan
What do you mean like when you go to yes, pan.com. Yeah, the picture. That's all like you know the first picture right there. It's the marlins
Attendance 14155
That's tickets sold yeah exactly
So then it says 14 that means there were like maybe five six thousand people there worried likely yes
It's the middle of the summer. It's the 22nd of July. Don't you understand even if there were people who cared a lot of them
Which there aren't not care enough to go and spend the money and go shut there. There's nobody there
There's not some big mystery here. It's not a sports town number one the time in the area
For people to show up to any kind of event in South Florida all the stars have to be in the right alignment
Everything's got to be just right otherwise forget about it
Otherwise we got a thousand excuses. It's the land of a million excuses
Always had some by the little cannibals land of a third. What was it land of confusion? I don't know
So I know land of confusion the land of 10,000 douche oh, I can't say that I said something. Yeah, that'll be bad
Douches I can say douches. Oh, and by the way the big story of course isn't Jason Taylor
That's only for sports and er, it's nobody cares go back to dancing with the stars Jason go back and dance with the stars
God what a one-dimensional town boring
The big story is that the um Philadelphia Pills Court throughout that indecency find on Janet Jackson and her
Wardrobe malfunction that that was the thing that started all this crap that we've been going through for several years now
Which is why I can't do my show anymore and why even on cable channels they bleep out words now
Which really offends me
Why I've seen them both ways I've seen where they bleep stuff out and then I've seen some shows where they just like a hole and other stuff go
Yeah
Well, we've got some of those shows where we let a holes go we got the jerk show a two this afternoon for example
Okay, here's the a pool what was the best TV spin off of all time and pardon me if it takes till midnight to read this whole thing Charlie
We just got I've even done a lot of research on this baby
The best TV spin off of all time. He's only got like 7,000 choices on here
The Simpsons from the Tracy Almond show 139
The Honeymooners from the Jackie Gleason show 76 phraser from cheese 62
I voted for the Jefferson's from all in a family 39 don't you just love the Jefferson's of course moving on up
Look got to got to move up not down there you go. I told you it was catchy and sucks
Catching luck. It's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in your life. No, I've done a lot worse. No
Not on the ear. That's good point
Happy days from love American style 26 Boston legal from the practice 16 the Andy Griffiths show from make room for daddy with Danny a Danny Thomas 15
You know Danny Thomas was lesbianies
He gave the law and orders that spun off from the original 15
Well, whatever that means more can Mindy from happy days 11 go more pilot USMC from Andy Griffiths 010 NCIS from Jag 9
Zina warrior princess from Hercules legendary journeys 9
LeVoran squirrely from happy days 7 not slanting from Dallas six
I never knew that not slanted was a spin off
Angel from Buffy the Vampire Slayer 6 mod from all in a family six. What a bad show
She just she just offense me as a human being
The Arthur is he offensive? Yes, it was machine golden girls. Yeah. She's almost as offensive as the nanny framed
Resure but not quite emergency from Adam 12 5 1 item 12 1 item 12
Was that the guy's name it was the cop on Adam 12 he was you're asking us
Why's that you want to know? I was on it because it's a guy is at it. It's a guy thing
It's because we weren't even alive when that show was on the air Adam 12 from dragnet 5
CSI my name from CSI at Cramstine investigation 5 Melrose placed from Beverly Hills 902 15678 4
Daria from Beavis and but had three never heard of it you ever hear of it
No thanks of life from different strokes three
Mama's family. I can't read all of these my god is 4,000 names on his pool
I can read it like maybe once or twice can I do it now once or twice an hour. Yeah, that's good
And then see you bye. There'll be two o'clock by sorry. Oh, let's see you this color. Oh, he's not even there now
Was on line 9 so I knew exactly so the poll would expert. Bokka says Martin Milner
Martin Milner
He was no no no no not Martin Milner the other one and Martin Milner is ugly. I know who that is
The good looking kid. It was on Adam 12 get where that chicken act you idiot
Mama's family from the Carabiner show 3 Benson from soap 3 Luke Grant from the early tale of more show 3
The ropers from three's company two votes the parkers from Moesha 2
Moesha that's one of my favorite names. Hey Moesha
Roter from the Murray Taylor Moore show 2 Archie Bunkers plays from all the family to one vote for each of these
Van Aquaman what Kent Kent Moore that was him he was hot
Van Aquaman family matters Trapper John MD Joni loves Chachi
Joey CSI New York a different world misadventures of sheriff Lobo fish
Phyllis father Murphy
Maybe RFD and good times each had one and no votes yet for SWAT diagnosis murder
Jake and a fat man that hills young Hercules Dirty Sally private practice emptiness the cool these bar to be Jones
Always gets his man bar to be Jones
Ponderosa and pay watch nights. Wow. What a list of 80 million names on there
That of what whatever your name is Charlie B
He's doing it
So how we're gonna get people out to see the marlins
Let's have a meal Rogers light out there. Yeah, oh, and then that guy that called in about for well
Let me take you something about for all the marlins for well was all about one thing you know what that was himself. Mm-hmm
All he did come see me at the ball again come see me bring some hot chicks right in your legs
This crab. I mean these people they make up this garbage how he was this great promoter for the marlins
About the players and the stats and all of that bull crap
And then the problems that he created out there by the way which never got on the year
And I guess I can't talk about now either but uh, we almost had murder going on. There was such a insanity going on out there at the game
Am I right? Yes, you know about it. Oh, yeah, mm-hmm crazy person interesting
Yeah, that's that that would put the marlins over the top everybody will go out to see the marlins if for relis there
We would give up five hundred tickets at a time
Uh-huh and people will be lined up outside the station our poor internet are right down all the names numbers and addresses of e-puff
I think we'll see the marlins to go see him. Yeah for well. We have a whole section. They give us a whole section up top
27 past 10 and 560 wq a.m
Whoever told you that you could work with man. What's your hired for?
It's to help us does that seem clear to you to help us
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living
You company man you fairy
Is credit card dead ruining your life?
The fear answering the phone because of relentless bill collectors is the IRS threatening to garnish your wages
Does that mean the same thing as garnishing your dinner plate with parsley?
Did you ever wonder what turns white potato salad yellow and why anyone would put yellow potato salad in their mouth?
Why is it veto Scotty never appeared on a single episode of loss?
Is that because he's dead? Is there life after death?
Do you think Dick Martin and Dan Rowan are hosting a swing and laughing party up in the sky?
Are you too young to understand the last question?
Would that make you a latchkey child?
Did you see idle last night? Did that put any money in your pocket?
Was Charlie tuna suicidal?
Do you really care about celebrity-based news cycle crap?
Real news cancelled. Is this bit going on too long?
Yes. Can you break up 20?
1033, 27 before 11 at 560 W.
Human Jordans out sick today is not with us but he'll be on tomorrow doing the show
Or it'll be Zach and Chris
And they can they can promote the marlins the whole show tomorrow maybe give away some tickets
What do you think four hours? A lot of bunch of players aren't
No you won't. Yeah we'll come on issue
That's your doubted. I doubt it. Why do you say that?
Well because you're on QAM. I'm on QAM and an old ferry is at it.
Yeah maybe. We should get the man-like player then do with it.
I've actually there's some young ferries playing in the Amager leagues and wouldn't surprise me at all.
Zemmeren Queens. Oh yeah. Lots of Queens baby.
I don't see any calls on the board here. What's going on?
We want to get you all whipped up about the marlins man.
How come you people won't go to see the marlins?
I mean you talk about beating a dead horse. That way like saying to me how come you don't want to
hang out at the fish market?
Can't stand fish. I can't stand it. You know if you go to the supermarket once in a while you'll get
back where the fish are you know. Thanks and it stinks like the end of the world.
The only time it's stink is if they're not getting rid of old fish.
Well there's nothing worse than old fish believe me.
What a smell. And you think I'm going to eat that? You're crazy.
Sooner or matter how you package it no matter how you present it no matter what
and what we're going to give you a free cowbell will they be fished by. I'm not. I don't want
to. Okay. I don't want to get near it and sustain with the marlins.
Somebody cue I am Marlins Central. Hello. Hello.
You have a warrior. Okay.
It was Kim McCord wasn't it?
Yeah that's what we just said a little while ago man.
Oh god that was upside down.
I didn't believe that.
Well never mind.
You go see the marlins?
Who?
Right. I kind of amused it right there.
Exactly.
This radio station man we got people on here trying to
Oh but it's really great you got to go see the Ramas in first place where they're
exciting and Dan Ugly is really a euglaed.
Whatever nobody cares.
Get over it. Nobody cares. They're not going to care.
They didn't care what we had to get.
Oh and let me tell you another thing about sports in general.
You know what does generate some excitement and occasionally gets people to actually go out
and participate in by tickets and see the teams?
Well it's that exciting sports casters.
What's Harry carry in Chicago?
Am I right?
Yes that helped.
He made me a Cub Spand at a time but I couldn't give a flying cramp less about baseball
and I got into it big time.
I was watching every game and went through some games in Chicago because of Harry.
In South Florida on the other hand we've got sports casters who are so boring
that they could put you into a coma the most exciting game in the history of whatever
the sport might be.
They could put you into a freaking coma.
Dave Van Boring is his name.
I don't know about the new guy that the word that replaced Foxy Roxy.
Do we know his name?
I don't even know his name.
I don't know about him.
He's okay.
I do know about the dolphins man and Jimmy Cifilis.
Oh my god.
He's great.
What?
Huh?
Are you sucking up now or what?
What I ever do that?
That wasn't me.
I'm sure that's how it wasn't Zach that said that.
Yeah it was.
He was throwing his voice.
And who else we got doing sports?
Oh we did have Dave Halberstam doing the heat and he was too good to the
he made up some trumped up racial thing and fired his ass.
We got Joe Zagaki and we got Joe Zagaki.
There's a classic case in point.
One of the all-time worst one of the all-time worst nice guy but on the air all I can say about him is
Oh my right.
Oh my.
How are we talking about color commentators or just the up play by play?
You did it.
Do one because we got Josh Darrow dual color for basketball.
Yeah like I said.
Like I said.
I got over the road.
Older brother.
Child.
What?
Mandation rose on color.
Mandation is great.
I haven't heard Joe do color on the dolphins because they're great together.
Well I'm sure they are.
I don't doubt that.
We're talking about play by play guys.
Color guys don't with the exception of what's his name in Pittsburgh we just croaked.
What was his name?
Myron Copa.
Myron Copa.
Oh we accepted him.
Color guys don't generally get people all with
a big amount of the game.
Mandage does.
Mandage does.
Generally they don't.
Right.
It's the play by play guy the guy that paints the picture on the radio or
a comment and rich walls like I said before and you people I don't know what it is.
He must have making pictures or something because this kid is so weak so terrible.
Awful.
Awful.
And nobody wants to talk about it.
Oh he's just a fine broadcaster.
Bum bum bum bum bum.
Yeah right.
Should list so long.
We used to have a trooper festival down here remember.
A couple years.
Rick Weaver and.
He paired a good picture.
Mo.
That's right.
Just had to wait.
He was calling the wrong players on the wrong teams.
Exactly.
He had no idea what was going on anymore.
Well that happens to the worst of me.
I want to get to be over in the next video.
I'm 90.
WDQ way in hello.
Neil.
There goes Zach again with a cheap shot at Mo.
Yes sir.
I am a mom and Santa.
I do go to games but I couldn't agree with you more about the radio guys.
They don't even have a color.
They have two clear by play guys that take turns.
Right.
I never heard anything like that before.
So ridiculous.
One guy does one and he's and the other guy does the other and he's the boy.
That's the one guy.
Don't bring your cowbell to the game.
They'll kick your ass out man.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Who's going to do that?
All five people that are there.
No the management.
The Marlins management.
Well if they're the fans who don't like to come personally kick me out of like that.
I like to see them try.
He might like you.
Okay.
Good luck to you pal.
Thank you.
Okay.
There is a Marlin fan.
We got one.
All right.
We love the Marlins.
They're almost in first place.
Come on.
Let's hear it.
Let's get with it.
Get with the program.
Think we have many Marlins calls on Arshon now that they had in the morning.
Well that was the only topic that I heard him talking about the whole time.
I was here.
I started.
I started and I got sidetracked telling the story of how I got here so much of that
to DA for a little vlog show this morning.
Somebody better sit that boy down and clue him into what this town is all about.
You think he'd been here long enough by now to figure it out?
If he wants to improve on that point.
Oh he's got on a show there tonight.
He better open up a mouth and start.
Instead of like being melee mouth you know.
Oh jeez.
The media would stop picking on the Marlins and the fans for not showing up.
Then maybe some people would actually go.
Maybe you can explain that one to me.
Zach since you were in there sucking up to him this morning.
Maybe you can explain it.
I wasn't sucking up.
I was in the head.
You weren't.
I was saying yes.
The Harold's fault.
I wasn't DC.
It's the Harold's fault.
It's nobody's fault in general.
It's the fact that nobody likes baseball down here.
Nobody likes hockey down here.
There's so limited amount of people.
Yeah well how about the year with a rat man?
Front running phone.
That's what the news brother had the pantheid things on their car.
And they were throwing the rats at each other and they were like eating rats and
unbelievable.
But it happened with the heat too.
There's a lot of people right.
That's right.
Front running phone is less on a sports town.
Anybody can jump on the freaking Glen wagon.
Phone in.
Here's not a makefully running sport.
You're five sixty Q.A.
I'm being forced later.
The Marlins now were playing.
It's time to change the station.
Turn it off and turn on your right heart.
Absolutely.
Some scoomids, sportholds, lives.
Don't care about their jobs.
Are you feeling off the audience?
Is Ray Dins?
Right.
I want a baseball.
Back the brakes of the cab.
It's got your baseball.
Right here you're almost forced.
That's it's Q.A.
I'm spagging sportholds way.
Of hockey movies in the list.
No you say.
Make your pay.
He's false.
I'm a giraffe.
Brackdom.
All we're fine.
They care if they just, they program for their sisters
with their nose and bed.
A deeply in-god's straps.
They kiss each other's thighs while
Ogling's sportholds dies.
If murder rate the audience for only what they like
in Harlem Bay's ball.
If they race they all are numbered Harlem Bay's ball.
You can't get any dumber.
The management here don't give a crap what you think.
They're busy dreaming bout an athlete's pig.
Stinking days ball.
I want all the sports crap.
You'd be a pay.
He's all the martial sportholds.
1046 and 566.
The Q.A.
Marlins and the Abraves tonight at the stadium.
Any interest?
No.
Big game.
Anybody going?
No.
Don't take your cowbell by the way they'll send you back to your car.
What a disgrace.
The Marlins win the World Series and that had to be one of the worst calls
in the history of sportscasting.
They've been boring.
They've been having it in their summer.
Don't we?
Oh it was pretty bad.
I mean you would have thought that somebody maybe just
farted you know and not even like an exciting fart.
Not something like yeah just somebody just farted
like that.
Nothing more exciting than that.
In fact I've smelled lots of fart that were more exciting and more
dangerous than his call on that the winning the World Series.
Oh yeah.
Dave Ann Boring.
And you people that are running to see that Batman movie.
Batman star Christian Bale has been arrested in the allegations of assault
British police say today.
How do you like that?
Assault.
You gonna bail him out Chris?
No.
You love the movie so much?
No he's got a lot of money.
Since you're such a big fan of that movie.
Hey it's a great movie what can I say?
British media early reported that Bale's mother and sister
complain they were assaulted by the 34 year old actor
at the Durchister Hotel in London sunny
night a day before the European premiere of the dark night.
The women made the allegation at a local police station in southern England
on Monday the press association news agency said.
It said the allegation was then passed down to the Metabolitan police in London.
As to whether Bale had been questioned a police spokeswoman
didn't refer to him by name but said a 34 year old man
attended the central London police station this morning by appointment
and was arrested in connection with an allegation of assault.
The spokeswoman spoken anonymously in line with police policy and refused to go into
more detail British police do not name suspects before they're formally charged.
US based representatives were bailed and immediately return messages he can comment
phone calls to Bale's London representatives were not answered.
The Sun newspaper said police didn't question the actor yesterday
because they didn't want to interfere with the premiere of the movie.
Oh my god did you hear that?
They didn't question him yesterday because they didn't want to interfere with the premiere of the movie.
That was nice. Well, yes, so if you're going to be in a movie
kill somebody the day before the movie comes out and they won't talk to you about it.
What's good to know?
Wales-born Bale first made a splash as the Charles star of Steven Spielberg's Empire of the
Southern 87. His screen credits also include American Psycho, the machinist and Batman begins.
In the dark night Bale represses the role of wealthy playboy Bruce Wayne
and his crime fighting alter ego Batman. Now is Robin in this movie at all or not?
Thankfully no.
Well, now why do you say that?
Because well, the Robbins that I've seen all
were bad.
Are you not in brute war?
Yes, and those green tights.
Well, they didn't even write that.
They were just whatever. They didn't really add anything to it.
Are you crazy?
Probably.
What you know about Batman you could stick in a thimble and have room for your gigantic humongous
ass left over.
Well, again, I only saw reruns a couple times of the old Batman show.
Yeah, it was okay.
It was okay.
It was great.
It was fun.
Well, this new Batman is not that old.
Batman and Robin by the way, not just Batman.
Batman and Robin.
Batman.
Batman without Robin is like Pace-Off without wine, okay?
Joy or exact those that I'm talking about, whatever is in it.
Or a mozza, yeah.
Right, that's right.
Pace-Off without Mozza, how do you do that?
Well, that's Batman without Robin.
The film which stars the late Heath Ledger is Batman's Nemesis, the Joker,
took in a record 150 and a half million dollars at the box office it's opening in the U.S.
last week, opening weekend, 158 million.
Because people like Chris and George had to go schlepping out there.
Oh, we went and saw Batman together so we have something to talk about.
He also saw there will be blood this last weekend, which I guess he's that's why he called him sick today.
Maybe that's why.
Because he saw it.
He's moved it out.
Now to show you what kind of a guy I am to give it a chance,
I actually went out and spent my own hard earned money and bought a DVD.
Oh my god, what's going on?
Which devil will be blood and also bought before the devil knows you're dead.
Now before the devil knows you're dead is great.
I give it like on a scale of three, I give it 10.
It's great.
Excellent.
The only thing is at the end, now George is always bitching about movies that don't have an end.
At the end there are too many questions.
I think there is going to be a sequel or there was something, I don't know,
when you when you google some of these things, you get like very vague,
you don't get specifics.
But I think that they're already in the works of a sequel for that,
which is a movie dying begging for a sequel before the devil knows you're dead.
On the other hand, there will be a blood.
Now did you see it's act?
No.
No don't.
No.
There's one word.
It's great boy, all the verbiage I gave it last week.
There's one word to describe it.
Boring, I mean terminal, ponderous, boring.
It just goes on and on.
And how much is happening?
How much is happening?
Until he beats the preacher or Eli with a bowling pin and smashes his head.
I'm finished.
I'm finished.
Oh, that's fun.
Well, that's the end of the movie.
Oh, that's not bad, isn't it?
Yeah.
I'm finished.
And I'm thinking to myself, yeah, I wish he'd been finished about two hours ago with his crap.
God, it is so fun.
How long was it?
Two hours and 38 minutes seemed like a month.
Because nothing happens, there's no action.
And the dramatic music, you think there was a lot going on on the screen
if he just listened to the music.
There's nothing happening.
You know, they're riding their horses through the ponderosa there and whatever.
And he's drilling for oil and the oil is gushing up and the kid gets hurt and
loses his hearing and he puts the kid on the train and abandons his son.
The bastard in a basket as he calls him at the end of the movie.
We find out it wasn't really his kid anyway.
Every time somebody asks him, are you married?
Oh, well, for the frit in the beginning, he says his wife died of childbirth.
But then later on in the movie, he just pretends he didn't hear it.
I think maybe he's yay.
All of these very macho, maybe like Raymond Burr.
Although that would have said, very upset when he hears that macho guys are homeless.
Be careful.
It's really nervous about that.
WQA and hello.
Marl and Central, hello.
Dale.
No.
Yes.
Oh, the phony accident again.
I get the good time.
WQA and hello.
They need a fight on you.
Okay.
No, the way we're going to get a real broadcaster doing play by playing this market,
you go back and doing hurricane space.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, no.
You come on, you and the guy you're doing.
We piss on my ass and say something already.
Where are you?
No, that would be a great team.
And it's so boring here in this.
Okay, oh, that would really be great.
You do the marlins.
Yeah, or the, yeah, the canes get out of here.
You and the gacky with the, uh, came from the green.
Yeah, me and Zagaki.
I can just hear that right now.
Oh, the, the marlins, the, the, the,
the canes, the canes.
He is, he's so awful.
It's so, and he's not as bad as Rich Walso.
I'll give him that.
Nobody is.
I mean, neither one of you have any comment about that.
You've certainly heard his work on TV.
Walt.
Rich Walts, yeah.
Yes.
He's nothing special.
Nothing, you know.
No, no, don't give me that.
He's nothing special.
That's not it.
That's not an, that's not an, an amalization.
Okay.
That's not an opinion.
He's nothing special.
He does, he does inspire you to keep watching.
He what?
He does not inspire you to keep watching.
Does he inspire you to go to the game?
No, not at all.
Does he create an atmosphere of excitement?
No.
He's no Joe Angel.
Joe Angel was good.
That's why he got canned.
He got canned because his, your, your,
good buddy, David Brian sent him up to get canned.
And then he flew, he flew the coop.
I don't hear him anymore, by the way.
Is he still on, David Brian?
He's still on the SP, and I think.
I don't watch much baseball, but I mean, I don't, I flip around.
I hear the boosters there in Atlanta.
Now, how come?
Here's what I don't understand about him.
And to reach its own, you know.
Life-long met's fan, am I right, the booster?
Yes, I believe it.
They offered him the job as play-by-play voice of the Metz.
In New York, top market in the universe.
He turned it down.
Yes.
He takes the job with the braves.
Does that make any sense to you?
I think he took that job with the braves because it allowed him
to still do stuff across the street on the radio.
That's why I think he took it.
I think that was the thing.
Why, he still shacked up with LeBasterd?
No, well, you hear him once on a while,
but no, he's not doing his own thing over there.
But I think in the beginning,
that was one of the keys to it that he could tell the show.
That would certainly, that would certainly be very pivotal in my career choice.
Whether I could be on the ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
You got to be kidding me.
By the way, have you ever noticed how the George Bush
won the old George Bush?
How he always has mouth is like about six times too big.
You ever seen that?
They keep showing him with work in there.
His mouth, he's keeping,
keeping, oozing wide holder.
It's like four times bigger than it's supposed to be his mouth.
Surgery?
WQ.
I think there was the same doctor performed the surgery on most to pay.
QAAM, hello.
Thank you for taking my coffee.
WQAM, hello.
Good morning, Neil Roger.
Yes?
Are you going to do a hurricane based by a herd?
No.
That's a shame.
You should do it.
Yeah, boring.
I miss you, little.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think the reason, uh, at least from my own experience,
is why people don't go to the modeling games is because
a guy like me, I mean, I'm originally from New York and I'm a Mexican,
and I like the modeling to like my second team.
So I'll sit around the watchroom when it's done.
Nothing off on TV, but I'm not going to go spend my money to go out and watch it
at the bullpark now.
In other words, you don't care.
They're right.
I don't care enough to spend my money on them.
And I put you on the playoffs and stuff come around.
You know, people, that's an offense.
So people always go to an offense.
So I think that's really what it is.
I think that's a good thing.
In other words, from running phonies is what you're trying to say.
You're trying to sugarcoded, but they're from running phonies.
Oh, yes, you're absolutely.
I mean, again, I don't think these people are really far on offense.
They're actually their fans of other teams who kind of like the models.
And I think that's all they're really going to get down here, Frank.
I need period of time.
OK. Thanks.
Thanks.
In other words, he likes to miss.
BAAH!
We need for all back in the mall again.
Shuttle do it.
AAH!
The best.
This is the logic,
shortly you'll find 2AM.
The fourth leader.
This is the neal Roger show.
Click just to see if they have more?
This is your Dylan, and of course yes this is a Glenfillon D'Art de la Cueh
I am gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you
Cut my balls so I can have sex with you
I am gonna cut my balls so I can have sex with you
I am gonna cut my balls or a nosedress
Just trouble free springing out to you
Out of all the bangers we gall in town
Not your every greener town
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can access it with you
A coin would now I'll be free to leave
The doubtful fear of pregnancy
Such an trapped things will stop
Once that I hitchhop I'm gonna
Wut my balls cause I hear the pain ain't that bad
I'm gonna cut my balls so I can access it with you
Out of all the bangers we gall in town
Not your every greener town
I guess George is feeling a little outy
Maybe it's after effects from his snip snip
Yeah, much later he got a baby
Yeah, he's feeling a little under the weather
So he's not with us today
But he'll be back tomorrow or else
Two hundred and six days George
Six hundred forty three votes on the poll by the way
What's your goal today?
I think so it sounds good
Don't get too carried away now it's the middle of summertime
I'm trying to educate you on these things
Middle of summer it's the dog days
Always really good day you know
It would be like if there was like a nuclear bomb blast somewhere
Oh we're gonna have a concert you think anybody's gonna show up?
You see what I'm saying?
That's the Marlins
Of all the places to have and Tampa they're having a big year so all of a sudden
Front running phone is they're jumping on that bandwagon over there
The devil raise up until the season when all of a sudden
Oh they got good for some inexplicable reason
Just the raise now not double raise
Oh excuse me that's right those the ahus over there on the west coast
They've been working for years to get that devil to get the devil out like Eli in the movie you know
Get out get out go away get out
Yeah, he was a week
No, no he was great. It was great. Actually performances and that will be near the wrong. Yeah sure sucked boring
The story of the century but it's too late the cast out of the bag already
A Philadelphia Pills Court Monday throughout the
$550,000 in decency fine
Live it on CBS connection with Janet Jackson's infamous
Wardrobe mouth function in the 2004 Super Bowl
You would have thought that the world was coming to an end
Boobies on TV oh my god and we didn't even really see him did we?
No, then see her boobs
There's something over her yeah, there was something over the aniple's okay. Oh no you can't see him put that on children are watching
Judges said in the court ruling that one of the determining factors was on speaking of naked pictures
I saw that picture of Brady Quinn that Chris sent me emailed me over the weekend. I thought to my like that
It wasn't a naked picture and you don't even know what he's he's got his arm up covering up his body
So there's been he's got some hot young guy there with him too. I don't know what that's all about it was more the
It was what it was the motion he was making gay
Really are you trying to say that Brady Quinn is gay? Oh, that's why I didn't mind him on the dolphin
So you wanted that stiff you got for quarterback now?
Yep, that's why we got to that anyway
Judges said to the court ruling that one of the determining factors was they considered Janet Jackson just in Tinkerbell's independent contract
Actors and CBS couldn't be held accountable for their actions the fine was levied by the FCC after one of Jackson's
Brest was exposed briefly during a performance with Tinkerbell during the halftime at the Super Bowl
Also the judge has said it was impossible to determine how many complaints CBS received after the incident in a court filing
The FCC said the network received more than
542,000 complaints and unprecedented number but CBS disputed the number of and significance of complaints claiming that 85% of them came from letters generated by
Well organized single interest groups. That's the way it is with complaints to the FCC just like in this market
It's always from the same wacko
Yes, the record is unclear on the actual number of complaints we see from unorganized individual viewers the ruling said
The FCC cannot impose liability on CBS for the acts of Janet Jackson just in Tinkerbell independent contractors hired for limited
Purpose of the halftime show
I was that kind of loosening things up now you think no the damage is already done and one and once it's gone
It's just gone, you know, I think we should start loosening up today
Are you going to be a douche what do you say?
Yes
It's in the bag. So I said
Have you you thanks me this thing owning crowgable's crowgables versus Santoria continues with latest lawsuit?
Yes, I did
From what versus from from the herald?
I don't know where it's from actually
Crowgable crowgable's gazette now that's a big it's almost like the candidate with daily messenger
The crowgable's gazette huge peri article when close to two dozen gave us police officers
Stormed into a city home last year interrupting a Santa Maria ceremony after receiving a call that animals were being hurt
They may have disturbed the gods, but they definitely
Insulted the 20 or so practitioners of the Caribbean religion month
Santoria my ass month
We had a stick Joe Bell's bloody head on the door. That's what we really ought to do
Chop his head off and stick it on the door of the station
So much so in fact that the church of Lucrumi Babalu I
Babalu Babalu
Was looking into the behavior police officers and city officials regarding the incident and is now soon the city
Cleaning and hasn't responded accordingly to public records request for documents concerning the incident
The incident which didn't reach
Zelton any rest but didn't valve boxes entering the home without a warrant and
Stumbling upon a macabre scene involving over 50 sacrificed animals including goats and chickens
I already made headlines when it occurred June 2007 and continues to serve as a thorn in the city side
They don't like they don't like
trailers and boats in in your in your driveway so you can imagine the gables how they feel about slaughtered chickens
This is a matter of great public importance the city of cruel gables has a duty to produce all the documents and or items
We were questioned they failed to do so said attorney David alien. I wonder if he's kind of alien
Remember a little alienito?
We need is bring alien back get this get this town whipped up then you get some and have him throughout the first pitch at a ballgame
Well, that would be great when that be great
Alien Gonzalez throws out the first pitch at the Marlins game tonight
You'd have a hundred thousand people trying to get in that joint with a with a concert right afterwards
How about you? That's right. How about you have a lie? Yeah, we're gonna have a thought up. What you have two people throw it out
Who's the other one can't arena?
What about the fisherman how about the cop that was holding alien yeah
I want to go back to Cuba as you playing you playing take me back to Cuba
Remember the way they twisted that story they lied they lied through their teeth lie. Oh, that's somebody said he said
I don't know what either what they cleaned he said
WQ I am hello
Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M. More than now morning sir
Speaking of baseball. I just wanted to let you know that then first place cubbies are gonna put up here boring
Not interested put a lid on it drop dead
Diawikid death, okay. I hope Mark race comes to your house with a baseball bat and just smash your head off your shoulders
This is Mark race doing like Arizona baseball now sure it is yeah
Irvie X. Jock everybody who ever wore a juxtap is a broadcaster now that the jock accuracy is destroyed it in fact
I was watching who the anchors play another day. Oh the red socks. Was it?
Angels angel. Yeah, well whatever they were playing over the weekend. I don't think it was the angels
It's not important. It's not important
The important thing is that the broadcasters were wise is a Ken what's the name?
Used to play for the Indians I
Have no idea and and the David Cone head
More ex-jocks. This is the best they can do in the top market in the country is put a couple more dumb jocks on there
It wasn't bad enough they put on Joe Dodgola and the scooter and Jerry Coleman the worst broadcast trio in history
They would have invented a Josegaek younger with rich waltz and David a van boring. It was the Oakland A's they played
See I told you it wasn't the angels you idiot. I
Got a spy report that Booge is a Philly's fan and David Brian does red socks on the radio
Dave O'Brien stabbed Joe angel in the back. He wanted to do a whole game
And so they blew out Joe angel he wanted to be the main man and
They blew out Joe angel and like five minutes later Dave O'Brien. Oh by the way
Can I even go to ESPN? I don't want to be here. I don't want and
They said okay get lost you
Loser you idiot you you're fair that too. Joe Angel was good
You don't think so he had personality had his own you know cliches and stuff. I mean that's what great broad sports casters are famous for
Bob Prince
Mel Allen read barber
Sports can't Harry Carey with his holy cow
Am I right people like that the fans whipped up into a frenzy got him excited
How about when he sang take me out to the ball game and exactly?
The whole country the whole world looked up there into the press box
To see Harry singing
Take me out to the ball game. I'll find it. You'll see
I
Ablusing, then the Cub fans are.
And you know I think that dealing with the heartache
of expectation is a good lesson in life forever.
Holy God!
The biggest name of the entire kingdom of the human world.
Forty-two-five, fifty-two-a-m.
And the fourth leader.
What the hell happened there?
Who?
Forty-three-two-a-m.
Radio is what now's function of conjunction.
Hello, cleanest guys.
My neck.
Look what I got here.
Here.
A pel-butt.
We would have cheesed.
Okay.
If Obama is president,
can we still call it the White House?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
He's the funniest dirt thing you ever saw.
Yes.
I must say it's rather amusing.
In it?
Look.
If Obama is president,
he's hot.
Or when it comes to comedy,
I'd say it's us Republicans who corner the market.
Oh.
Why sure?
Comedy ain't just written by a latest to use.
Why just look at all of funny comedians and writers.
We Republicans got...
Of course.
We got...
Well, we got...
Adenis Miller.
That's right.
Adenis Miller.
And LaGia.
Who else we got?
Larry.
He's the cable guy.
I don't know about him.
Well, hey.
We got Debra Miller anyway.
Look at him.
If Obama is president,
can we still call it the White House?
What you do, uh,
having my shoe out?
Baby.
Wait.
Get the Tiger Woods blow up the office.
What's the Republicans favorite game?
Oh, yeah.
I want to play gag the fag.
Mmm.
Yeah.
Look at that.
666 on the pole.
6666 on Celia.
Oh, God.
El Antiglisto is here.
It's 11-18 to QM.
Georgia's out 6th today.
We got Zach.
Hey.
Now, there's no food in there today, right?
No food.
Correct.
And why is that?
Because we're not allowed to have anyone.
Let's get Zach to comment on that, uh,
outrageous memo.
I'm that grude.
And by the way,
you and your partner and Kranda,
you're at fault.
Oh, I know.
All the rest of us have been punished for you.
I know.
Because you were plugging howe's too much.
You're whoever for the free food.
Yes, I understand.
Is that true?
Or did they just make that up?
No, we, uh, we said, you know,
we said that we were doing that.
We did it on the air.
We plugged them and it was bad the way I
said it.
I didn't worry about that.
I didn't word it right.
I worded it bad when I said it on the air.
When you said what on the air?
I said that we, you know, were,
you know, trading when he was thinking them.
Yeah, when I was thanking them for the food and everything.
And I think I slipped and, you know,
said we're kind of trading this for this.
What?
Yeah, I said that I thanked howe's and Joe asked me why we thank howe's and I said,
well, they bring in food for us and, you know, we,
why do we thank howe's you talk about a guy who's out of touch for a coin?
All right, they've been, they've been bringing in food,
free food for everybody before he was born,
before he was an idea.
Jolly asked Joe and then don't send me any more emails, okay?
Jolly Joe, leave me alone.
The less I have to do with you, the happier my life will be.
Okay, sending me email.
Oh, I hope you're enjoying your summer schedule.
George is just a magnificent while you're away.
Yeah, good. George is the best.
You know when George is the best?
What's up?
Like today.
Here's the fact it says, hey, Neil, and this really cracks me up.
Did you hear the guys at WIOD were talking about you on Friday morning?
Oh, yeah, I was sitting here glued to it.
We were all listening.
You know when the last time I listened to WIOD was?
When was that?
When I worked there.
Like 12 years ago.
Yeah, that's right.
And the show you're going to know what an eligible radio guy this is
or whoever it's on sign.
It was during the crossover between the Lamont Show and the Fute Show
and of course there is no more Lamont Show.
He got canned.
Dave Lamont's no longer there.
Except that it was many.
Mune was filling in for Lamont and Ken Charles filling in for Fute.
Wow, what a quinoa that is.
I wasn't fully listening but Ken Charles was saying something like,
Neil Rogers is listening right now.
He always listens because he's too lazy to do show prep.
How do you like that?
That's a very nice fail.
This is the same Ken Charles who said,
oh, Neil Rogers is the gold standard to fuck radio.
We'd love to have McClure channel,
or we don't want to pay him any money.
Ken Charles.
As far as the Marlins this fact,
let's face it, baseball is a boring sport.
When you go to a game in Wrigley,
much of the excitement is the party atmosphere.
If you knew ahead of time that there were only going to be a couple of
thousand people in Wrigley, it wouldn't be fun to go either.
In Miami, if you want that party atmosphere,
you go to Lincoln Road,
which is packed every night in the summer with the same weather
that the Marlins deal with.
I think the hard rock gets more people than the Marlins every night.
It says.
I would agree with that.
Yeah, I agree.
And why not?
Because it's a fun place to people getting, you know.
And that was before Blackjack.
Now with Blackjack.
The dog goes to the hard rock and losing your money now.
Is that it?
No, I have not actually been able to explain that.
Since I came back from vacation,
Woodbine has been destroying my life.
They're killing me.
That's losing my ass.
I was on a really hot street there for a couple of months.
I had that one night I won 8 grand,
about three weeks ago on a Friday night.
But since then, man, I'm just fooling his money.
It's too important.
Proffers is making it for the last time now, he's buzzing and buzzing and buzzing.
My Blackberry just relax.
Okay, I'm not coming out of Florida.
Anytime soon.
No, why not?
Because it sucks.
w-q-a-m. Hello.
What do you hate you?
W-q-a-m. Hello.
Amaren Tauvens, Thomas and Taylor!
Come at you!
5-6-7-0-5-60, let's get this phone-smoking baby.
22nd of July.
How would it cost yesterday?
Chris. Um, yeah. Can you ever answer a question? They were bad. Were they? Yes. We had about four good
collars and I feel what they all called about one thing. I feel what it was and then everything
else was just all stupid calls like we've had. What was it? All right. I mean, stupid colors. We've
had great calls. Oh, I'm sorry. I guess I mean, we had the young guy that goes to the Marlin games
that was giving us his perspective. What were you talking about? We've had a great call or
two. Well, then we've had better ones today than we had yesterday. Really? That's scary.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and 0. And 5, 60, and they've arrived in singular wireless line. What can we do to make
you go to a Marlin's game? What can we do to whip up some excitement? Who do we have to kill? Is it
David Samson? Maybe it's Rich Walls. Maybe it's a Dave and Brewing. I go with David. Of course,
I didn't even mention all the money that this radio station was screaming about losing on the
Marlins all those. You're screaming. We're losing a million dollars a year on the freaking Marlins.
We can't sell it. Remember that? Every year will be the same crap. They couldn't sell the freaking
Marlins. Remember that? I do. And I was across the street. And you were dancing. You were dancing
on our grave. Now you're over here. And they got the Marlins and I bet you they're losing money
on it. And I'm dancing on their grave now. Good. Screw them. WDQYM, hello. This could be a good
time for the company. WDQYM, hello. My name's Zach. QYM, Ola. QYM.
Hey, Neil. Why don't you do something come to us? Instead of compulsive gambling, do something
good with that money you've been taking from mailing it in. Like what? Like anything. Help some
people forgot to say. Do something nice and help us touch some lives. I'm touching 20
of lives. Okay, Schmuck. You should only help as many people as I do. Puts. Do something good.
Instead of gambling. Yes, what? It's my money. If I want to take it and have a bonfire with it,
I'll do it. Well, tell me before you do that. No chance. So I could come out there and just
wrap it around. Just hang out and go in the woodbine, have it a bonfire. Taking a
mansion, lighting the money, taking a whole lot of $100 bills and just setting it on fire.
That's the same thing. How many of you just sent me money and I'll just say that you lost
them in cards. No. All right. W2 way in. Hello. Q. I. M. In. W2 way in. Hello.
Neil, why did that clear channel dump remod? You're asking me how do I know?
Well, you got all the sources, aren't you? No, I don't have no sources. No. What about Joe Bell?
What about him? Call him up and find out why they dumped Dave Lamont.
Because he was farting too much probably if he's keeping true to his past record when he worked with me.
He was gassy? He gaspied. Oh my god.
See, once upon a time now, I don't know if you know about UM baseball when I was broadcasting,
they had us up on the top of the stairs there at Mark Leight Stadium.
Outside. I don't know. It was a good vantage point. It was really good.
And one season, Lamont did color run to baseball games with me.
And now prior to that, I guess Bob Burger worked with me for a couple of years and did a great job.
He was a good guy. And every now and then your eyes would start watering because the aroma from
you know how they cooked the sausages and the stuff outside. Oh yeah. At Mark Leight Stadium,
really great. And then would come up and start like your eyes would burn. You'd start tearing up.
And when Lamont worked with me, it was not because of the food, it was because he was farting so bad.
Oh my goodness. My eyes were cutting. And then we made a joke out of it. We had to.
I mean, just absolutely out of control. He can't control his...
RECOM! That's it. So maybe he's farting too much over there at the IOD and they find it blew him out.
When in doubt, blow it out.
Or maybe they just told him to blow it out your ass and he wouldn't stop.
I don't know. That whole thing over there is just a joke. And the same footy thing,
who are you people kidding? Footy. Now what, what the hell is that?
What's the matter?
Well, what is that? Another stunt rejoin? Is that it?
That's the wonderful Dolphins tonight rejoin.
Oh my god.
J. Lamont!
On Forced Radio, I'm 16.
W. K. Lay-E.
A. L. A. B.
A. L. A. B.
A. L. A.
A. B. A.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E. W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
W. K. Lay-E.
You might write about that. Yes. Do you ever play that? No, not really. Not really. See?
Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell did their thing and now the courts says, guess what? No big deal.
There was no big deal. But in America, oh my god, a breast was on TV. Oh, we're gonna find you. We're gonna find everybody.
And that was the beginning of the end for all of us.
And now they say, well, we made a mistake. Are you made a mistake? Have CCU suck?
So we should go back to normal, right? No. Go talk to your friend fat ass jolly to
Obell about that. See, we can play a few sounds on here. What do you think? Raspberry's and some
other fruits. 692 votes on a poor or gold is 800 today. I think you can do it, Chris. And if not,
you're fired. What? What was the best? And by the way, when you're gonna start paying clearance
back for all those spots that you've been playing, I'm sorry. We're gonna deduct from, can we tell
that's the round here or not? I'd rather not. Okay, then we won't.
Jordan accuses me always of seeing things on here. You know, he makes crap up all the time.
That's why he's smoking him and why he's so sick today. Why is he sick all the time?
Too much parting. His life is a party. Kind of like Paco, life is a party. Only George is too old for that.
What was the best TV spin off of all time? We got almost 700 votes and I'll just read the top
what? Five or 50. No, I'm not gonna do that again. Well, let's start with really
be mailing it in. The simpsons from the Tracy Elmens show, 200, 2. No contest. The honey
moaners from the Jackie Gleason show 93, Fraser from Chias 82, the Jefferson's Mall and the family
50, and Happy Days from Love American Style 36. Happy Days was from Love American Style.
I never knew that till this moment. I always thought it was, uh, Tatanya. WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
WDQA and hello.
Mayo God. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What a nice bit that was and then they say you don't do anything for society.
Anyway, they will listen to your helper today. He's full of crap and the American
Republic Venezuelan, they're currently Cuba. All they know how to do is place stupid ads
baseball and they and they still don't go to the stadium. So there is no excuse for the
modest enough to have support. That's all they know how to do. The people that do go to the field
are coming from Palm Beach, Coral Springs. So, uh, they need to move that damn theme out of here.
That's what I think. Oh, thank you. Kissing goodbye. Okay. Yep. Long a big kiss.
5670560, pound 560 under Verizon's Singular Wireless Line. Tremendous response today on,
DA's question about how come nobody shows up at the Marlin Games. He just hasn't been around in
town long enough to figure out why. For the same reason, they don't show up for much of anything else.
Panthers are he. But the Doffins man, the one and 15 doffins, that's another story. How's
Hank doing? Anybody hear from him? Spent a lot of time. What about you, Zach? Keep it around.
Uh, nope. I have not heard the last time a song was months and months and months ago.
Uh, and and I said hello to him. We're at a time restaurant and that was it.
You mean it's how you restaurant? Yes. Too big fat guys like you eating in the Italian restaurant?
How cool. It's a devil. W-Q-Y-M. Hello.
Ah! Q-Y-M. Hello. W-Q-Y-M. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Uncle Neil, you know what really upsets me at that time?
Why do you say Uncle Neil twice? Why did you do that?
I'm sorry. I don't mean that. Once would have been once too many. But go ahead.
Sorry about that. Anyway, uh, Dalton Stadium with the Marlins.
They have these people checking tickets. Why do they have these people checking tickets to see?
Do we check it? I mean, do we check in tickets and make sure you're sitting in the right seat?
That's correct. I mean, if there's no fan... Oh my god.
If there's no fans going to the game, what do you want the fans closest to the action?
Well, not not not if you want to be on friendly. That's part of the fan on friendly atmosphere.
It's the stadium. That's ridiculous. It's stupid.
Actually, and one more thing for Zach, who's the least likely star you would grow out of bed with a yeast infection?
What? Who's the least likely? Yeah, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound, 5, 60, and he said he's got a bad yeast infection. He wants his axe to come
when in doubt, look it out. That's what he said. I'm going to throw up.
Wow, that's right. You're the one who's going to throw up. I don't like that about yeast.
Don't bring that up. Don't bring that up. Don't even bring it up.
I didn't bring it up. The collar brought it up because he wants you to bring up breakfast and lunch.
696 votes on the pool. I'm going to read all the results.
All right. No, I'm not. 699.
So if Chris is gold with 700, you got that licked.
Although we're going to play 800. I said if it had been 700,
Jesus, god, you're getting worse than George.
John, hello.
An ale. Yes.
It's a mob rock.
It's a rubber and shuck to me.
That's a check.
That's some check.
It is. WQA and hello.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Bye bye.
WQA and hello.
I go.
Yeah, good afternoon.
How are we going?
Good morning.
Listen, uh, both of stadiums, even if they were with the King of Ludicrous,
the building of stadiums, you're not going to still go see two bodies.
First of all, there's not a sports car.
Any sports take your pick.
This is not a sports car.
Not even baseball.
Haven't I been saying that for an hour and a half today?
Yeah, I just told them.
I just heard somebody saying about something about the stadium.
I don't know if you've been talking about all day,
but it's a waste of, you know, the common point goes correct.
It's one of those facilities like that.
But what they should be doing is taking our money and 16
that they crop lock on 95 express, you know.
You've got people getting the carcress.
It's every day, but they're thinking about putting, you know,
on your stadium, on your stadium, the golf and the martens.
Get out of here without nobody's in the little seals.
You're going to go crazy to see a game that they know the team is going to lose.
And we have they know the team is going to lose.
Yeah, of course.
Well, you know, actually, they think the buffets are going to want a game.
Do you know we're not talking about the dolphins.
The dolphins aren't moving anywhere.
We're talking about the Marlins.
The Marlins.
You are one game out of first place.
You know, you people make me sick.
Make me sick.
That's the answer right there, Uncle Mill.
Right there.
That's right. They lost too many games.
They're like having a bad season.
That's the excuse.
See if they were having a bad season.
If they stuck, which most people thought they were going to.
But instead, here's a pleasant surprise.
Look at how good they are.
They're only a game out of first.
It's like the middle of almost the end of July already.
They were contender.
It is.
Well, everybody knows they're going to lose.
And that's the irony of it is that because it's so football obsessive
that they fill up that ballpark for the football,
even though they don't know they're going to lose.
So there's your argument coming back and biting you right in the ass.
What's the good name?
Oh, that's true.
It's not the same logic.
Forty to five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
March, NSL, Cuo Nuro, let's you AAM.
Join the N-R-A-S-U-T-R guns today.
Have yourself them down on Christian fun.
Oh, right.
Throw your friends away.
We'll back you all away.
If any, you're right, you're on a gun.
Can you think of all the benefits you're getting?
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater.
You carry a license to read deadly.
Come on and join today.
If any, I'm there if you want A to be a member of the N-R-A-S-U-T-R.
Aim for the B.
Aim for the chest.
And always aim for the head.
In case they're wearing a belt.
Sharpen your skin.
Fill more parts.
They'll be there if you can defend your rights.
You hold the gun.
Come on and join today.
And you'll be proud to say you're a member of the N-R-A-S-U-T-R.
Forty to noon at five sixty W-D-Q-M.
Go out and shoot somebody, okay?
That's right.
Take out your frustrations on the world.
Get it on your system.
You'll feel so much better when you're done.
You know, that would sure be a little better.
Oh, yeah.
How come we haven't had any calls about that movie
because before the devil knows you're dead?
With Ethan Hawke and Philip Seymour Schwartz
and Oliver and Goodcast.
Great cast.
Where is it on me?
Right, with your boobies sticking out.
Whoa, really?
Where is it on me?
Lots of boobies in that movie.
Oh, I like to see it now.
No, it's very good.
Now, let me tell you how it ends.
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, I love to.
I only do that to movies that I don't like to,
to brand people from wasting their time and seeing.
Like, there will be blood.
When it kills every creature in a drunken stupor,
he beats him over the head with a bowling pin,
kills him in a blood,
is pulling all over the aboling alley, you know?
That's how much money he had.
Daniel, what was his name?
Daniel Plainview.
And the story, the essence of the movie
is he hates everybody.
He's a miserable bastard.
He hates everybody.
And that's the story for almost three hours.
So he must look down here.
It's off Florida.
Probably.
Not only does the professor get his car to it away
because they didn't put the decal on him.
They moved into a new condo,
a new apartment over the weekend into a complex.
They also tot his girlfriend's car away.
That's thanks.
And busted a radiator.
Although they're going to fix it, but nevertheless.
How do you like that?
Still going to cost them what?
$80 a car to get out of the tow place?
$200.
A car?
I know $200 total.
Oh, OK.
A real bargain.
Yeah, not bad.
That's money I could add a good time with a woodbind.
That guy was amusing.
Oh, why did you do something good with your money?
Help some people.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, brother.
By the way, 6 o'clock in case you missed the beginning
of the show, a very important bulletin.
6 o'clock Thursday afternoon.
My blackberry buzzes.
And I get this email from Joe Bell
by his president, Mark Amanda, Beasley Miami.
And general manager of WQM and WQ Kiss My Ass.
And says, I hope you're enjoying the summer schedule.
George is doing a nice job on your off days.
Talk to you soon, Joe Bell.
Talk to you soon, my fat ass, OK?
He does this all the time today.
I don't know whether he's trying to convince himself
or something that I don't hate him like poison
or that he's like a real human being.
I don't know what he's trying to prove.
Or just to be annoying.
I think I still winds you up.
What?
I think he likes to wind you up.
Well, guess what?
There's the at 6 and I have a work since Thursday morning.
So I don't know.
It's a little late now.
Yeah, but that had you us.
I don't need Joe Bell to wind me up, OK?
Fatso?
Hey, I'm just throwing something out there.
What is Zach think?
Well, what's the purpose of it?
I don't know who you're referring to,
except Fatso.
I was going to answer to that one.
Yeah, well, let's hear it.
Listen, your relationship with Joe Bell is special.
Not something you're going to like.
Well, Chris, now you won't answer the question.
Why would you do that?
Why would you keep reaching out and bugging somebody
who you know hates you like poison
and does anything to do with you
and is on to you and been on to you
since practically day one?
Maybe he wants to just make this friendship work.
Maybe if he tries more on his end,
you'll understand and become his friend again
or for the first time.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, Leo, I was a black man.
WQA and hello.
Of me of the reason you're rating fucks fucks fucks.
WQA and hello.
How you doing, Neil?
On time, Lister, I haven't talked to you in 25 years.
Enjoy your show.
And Neil, let me tell you, these little Julio's
are calling, making those noises ridiculous.
I wonder how do you know they're Julios?
They work with me.
You want to speak to one?
Yeah.
No.
Neil, you know, we enjoyed you for so long.
My buddy Steve, pal, that's listening right now.
He listens to you too.
We love you, man.
Just with them Julios, man, we love you.
We love you.
Wow.
Great.
WQA and hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, funny voice.
Hey, I'd like to say one thing.
How long have you been working on the voice?
To the Florida Marlins, I want to say.
How long have you been working on the funny voice, Mark?
About 12 years.
OK.
So Florida Marlins, as long as they make it to play off,
we're going to win the World Series, boys,
just to let you know.
Yeah.
OK.
OK.
That's the way you're going to be playing this.
Get lost.
WQA and hello.
Neil, good morning.
Good morning, sir.
Hey, you're talking about movies earlier.
I saw two this weekend that are really good.
And you may have talked about them.
I've been in an out of the car.
So I have been able to listen.
But I saw the dark night and I saw Mama Mia.
And Keith Leach, the boy.
Oh, my God.
I need the one for me.
I need the one for me.
What's that?
I said, I won't be seeing either one of them.
How come?
Not for me.
Not for you.
Keith Leach is really, really good at the Joker.
And Mama Mia is just a lot of fun.
OK.
All right, man.
I'll take your word for it.
Thanks.
Mama Mia, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I wonder they're going to give up on it already.
I haven't been doing that for like 100 years.
That Abba crap, mom.
Mom, I'm Mia.
First, it was a play.
And I was a movie units.
Huh?
Well, I guess it did so well as a play
that they made into the movie.
Is that what it is?
You know, like Abba?
Abba?
Then I'd have to like, by what I mean.
I don't, I don't know what is a dancing queen.
And now this mama, you know what?
Dancing queen.
Are you picking on Jason Taylor again?
I was talking about you.
Oh.
Now probably about Brady Quinn.
That's your boy.
Where did you find that picture, by the way?
It was on, I was looking for a picture of,
what did you do?
Google naked pictures of Brady Quinn
is that we were doing in your spirit time?
Definitely not.
I was actually googling naked pictures of,
what's it named, Tim Teebo's girlfriend.
And so I found them on a website.
And it's like one of those, you know, like trash talk websites
or whatever.
And a couple of stories down was four pictures of your boy.
And it's, well, it's a rest of them.
Well, because it's all the buildings back.
No, it's all the pictures that we already have on the website.
And now it's a new one.
So I figured I would send that one to you.
So who do you think is the best Brian Sears or Tim Tee Trick?
Who?
WDQYM Hello.
That day in Send Quake.
QYM Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hi, this is my son.
I'm going to my phone.
Mm-hmm.
OK, bye.
OK, bye.
WDQYM Hello.
I'm so bad.
QYM Hello.
BEEP
BEEP
WDQYM Hello.
Hello, the dirt.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah, we were not about the movies, Mama Mia.
But when I think of that Italian restaurant,
say, Mama Mia, but nothing like Amario's, of course.
But when I was over there, the Mater D
of the other restaurant, Andy Roblin, you know?
Oh, yeah.
Uh-huh.
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
BEEP
Wow.
BEEP
BEEP
Wow.
Is right.
This guy's been on a role lately.
I mean, he was like, you know, a periodic once in a great,
once in a blue moon kind of guy.
And I think he just don't, maybe Andy Roblin
cut him off or something.
Yeah, maybe he's trying to see if Stone kind of both off.
What?
Maybe he got fired and he has nothing else to do.
QYM Hello.
Wow, another controversial show today, huh?
Yeah, about the controversial shows from the past, right?
Excellent program, Reverend Schwartz.
QYM Hello.
Hey, you can have the new Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good morning.
What?
Remember me, the Pegasite boy.
I like a part two, remember?
Yeah, sure.
Hey, what's up?
How's the show going today?
We're love George.
Good morning.
I miss that guy.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Hey, the real tire is George Bush.
You know, excuse me.
Um, what we need to do is have a draft.
But none of these politicians have to go and add to come up and say it.
If they're going to continue fighting all these, all of it,
it's not fair these guys to fight two and three and four times over there in Iraq and Afghanistan.
We need a draft.
If everybody's going to keep doing this.
Yeah.
Well, if I were you, I'd go out and stand in one.
Nobody QYM Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you today?
Good morning, sir.
Could you happen to read the op-ed piece in the time from Bob Herbert this morning?
No, I did not.
It was a fabulous.
You would have thought it.
Wait a minute.
Why would Bob Herbert be writing an op-ed piece when he works for the time?
You mean the end of the column by Bob Herbert?
Yeah, excuse me, the column.
A part of it.
About what?
He wrote about this book by James.
Somebody about it.
I just talked about how the chain he just manipulated this war for his benefit.
And how, and any, and any other administration they would, people would be hung by the,
you know what?
When it was a great article.
Yeah, but the price of war was good for Halibur and Manley.
This made an extra $2 billion in profit.
Let's hear it.
predict chainy in George Bush and the Rummy Rumsfeld.
All the other gangsters that run the world.
And Paul Wolfowitz, Richard Pearl.
And all of these crazy bastards.
That's a revelation.
Isn't that crazy people run the world?
Crooks?
Yeah, we already knew that.
Yeah.
724, like they got a code in last week to try to rationalize.
Oh, there was a message in that movie that will be blood about preachers being their phonies.
Like Jesse Jackson, you know, people surprised that he made those grotesque comments about
the cutting Obama's nuts off and use the N word.
Oh, but he's a preacher.
Well, that explains it to you right there.
Your favorite television commentator is coming out with a movie by religion.
And who's that?
That'll be Bill Mar.
Oh, the biggest name.
Long as the track you will be on the list.
The 50 QAM.
The fourth leader.
This dig chainy character relaxed by having very magnetized my balls while listening to the
Neil Rogers 12-1 hour movie.
Be heeey.
Gasoline is luxury.
And you deserve only the very, very best.
At Cartier Petroleum, we start with only the finest oil drilled with natural diamond drill tips.
And extracted by manually pumping whale saliva into deep core wells beneath pristine spring-fed lakes.
Every gallon of this light sweet crude is then hand refined by Tibetan Sherpas and taste tested.
This nearly pure 99.5 octane liquid automotive ambrosia is then filtered through a bit of naturally grown French truffles and infused with saffron.
Then it is mixed with shatter limousine or bouillon 1989 aged for seven years in redwood casks and fed to rare red uacari monkeys from the Amazon,
whose digestive systems have been genetically engineered to remove all remaining impurities.
Solid gold Bentley tankers then deliver it to your local refueling salon.
Why does Cartier Petroleum refine the most expensive fuel in the world?
Because you are refined.
Oh yeah.
We are real refined on this show.
Man, this is a real intellectual show as opposed to pseudonym intellectual.
So those people who like that there will be a blood get lost.
No, you are wrong Neil.
I don't want to talk about it anymore.
That is a bad mistake by me.
What you think?
Yes.
I have become obsessed.
I am obsessed with it because I am reading all these raids.
This is one of the great.
This is like citizen cane.
I would agree with that.
Highly overrated flick.
You ever see citizen cane?
No.
No.
Is that the rose blood one?
Right.
Orston Wells.
You might like it.
You want to know why?
What?
The big fat guy.
That is OK.
Oh, I am in.
Either one of you might like it.
See I addressed that.
I just told that out there and either of you might grab it.
Thank you.
You are welcome.
You are going to go see the Marlins side?
Oh yeah.
How many games you have been through this season?
Let's see.
One.
None.
Yeah.
I am just with that.
I am at zero.
None?
I want to train in camp one day.
Less than one.
Less than one.
Am I correct?
Correct.
Absolutely correct.
Less than one.
Sitto.
Between the two of you fat guys.
Yeah.
Just in concessions alone you could have made them some bucks.
If we went to two games it is close to a thousand bucks probably.
Yeah.
That is right.
We went to none.
Zero.
Oh.
Kind of like a DA's number is a knife.
Oh.
Point.
Like that.
Does he talk about that at all?
Does he acknowledge that he has a rating?
No.
It does not get brought up.
I am not talking about it on the year of course.
No, not off the year.
Like when you guys come in in the morning you say,
Hey, you ever going to get like a point one or a point two instead of a point?
No, I haven't brought it up yet.
But maybe I will before the week is over.
I think tomorrow morning before the show that will be a real good show opener.
Oh, okay, good.
How come you got a rating at night DA?
I mean that is almost impossible.
Somebody has got to have a diary.
Nobody QAM, hello.
Hey, how you doing Neil?
Okay.
You think the Democratic Party and Obama can get a second and a fourth traffic for his life?
Yes.
Cute.
Isn't that funny for his life?
That was a sport that was in there earlier.
Yeah, it is a gun.
It is a gun.
And once it is gone, it is gone.
How you doing on your award when he pulled with 4,000 choices on there?
Now, one thing I will say,
what do you got?
739.
739, you got 800 licks, I believe you got almost two hours to go.
Damn it.
One thing I will say about the pull even though it is very, very long,
is that it is not even though, because of that, it is that much harder to vote
because you got to read through the whole list before we make your decision.
Yeah, I read about a A to home and then said,
forget and vote it.
What do you mean by that?
Because there were so many of them.
I think I read one of them and let's see the original thing here.
Yeah, the first one on the list was the Jefferson's and that is what my vote was.
So I don't have to read through like 600 choices on your own Charlie B stupid ass pull.
The best TV spin off.
Spin this Charlie B, he is probably spinning it right now.
Did anybody actually see Baywatch mates?
I don't know.
I know that they are still watching Baywatch in Europe and Germany at the home for years.
It was number one show.
That is because House of Holtz big over there.
Is that why they watch it to watch David Hasselhoff?
I'm sure they do.
He's huge in Germany.
Yeah.
WDQ way in, hello.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
One more week of phone calls and you're going to stop.
No, no chance.
No chance.
Keep saying call me in six months when we're as still taking calls.
You can be one of the first cars.
Loser.
WDQ way in, hello.
Q way in, yes, sir.
Keep us, miss, the poop, that gets off.
WDQ way in, hello.
No, I'm just stuck in the rain here on the highway, listening, wondering.
I mean, what do you have against listeners like Andy Rothman?
Oh, oh, oh.
Woo!
What did I tell you, man?
We got him really pissed off and fired up now.
Don't ever stop calling us, man.
We love hearing about Andy Rothman and David Sugarman and the Steve Stone.
You're fair, et cetera.
Has he related to Berkshire German?
Oh, that idiot boxing guy with a stupid hat?
Yes, and he is an idiot in person, too.
Is he?
Yep.
When I went to Atlantic City a couple years ago with Eddie Kay to cover a boxing match.
Eddie Kay interviewed him and he was just, it's all about him.
You know, all he wants to do is talk about himself and...
Or like, for real.
And he was really just hang out in like the media area.
And he was just waiting for someone to say, hey, you want to come on the air with me?
I mean, just really annoying, really...
Berkshire German.
His name is Sugarman.
It's Sugarman.
Sugar, you're sugar.
Oh, is he Swedish Sugar?
No.
That first time I ever met Berkshire German was funny.
I was with Forell and Defoe.
Wow.
And Berkshire German did not stop talking about himself.
Kind of like Rick Weaver.
Close, yes.
I went to dinner with a Rick Weaver and his wife and Bill Codern his wife,
way back in the IOD days, early.
And the whole dinner at Sol Rick Weaver talked about was himself.
And he did this, he did that.
Oh, speaking of David Sugarman and Steve Stone and who's the other one?
Andy Rothman, you know what that is?
It's a gay club you moron.
Right.
So now I figure out what that calls all about.
WDQYM, hello.
And he'll drop out here.
WDQYM, hello.
I don't know.
QYM, hello.
He'll drop out here.
WDQYM, hello.
I'm Neil.
Yes, sir.
Even though the stock fell yesterday, I'm on my way to Americans.
Okay, good.
I hope you find it.
Find somebody with a compass in a roadmap, okay?
Maybe you can go by Piazza di Spagna and Rome and you can find a big American Express right next to it there.
And if you're if we're all lucky, maybe the gypsies will get a hold of your ass.
WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I'll tell you about that.
QYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
You want a party, Neil?
Yes, sir.
I want you on the gig, my dad.
Speaking of English.
Speaking of English.
I need food.
Yeah, again, I need a banana boat and go back where you came from.
Loser.
Not a cone.
We got a hone.
Why doesn't we have so many losers in South Florida?
What is that all about?
That's a question that there's no answer for.
People are going to ask him that question for 100 years, thousands.
Like a magnet, a magnet, magnet.
WDQYM, hello.
I just had lunch in McDonald's and I said.
WDQYM, hello.
Where's the way?
QYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
Speak the English.
WDQYM, hello.
I'll go ahead and ask him that question.
Agloneal?
Yes.
How you doing, buddy?
OK, paly.
Are you still voting?
Am I voting what?
Are you voting for your boy Obama still?
Yeah.
Why?
Because I want to.
What about McCain?
What's up with him?
What about him?
What about a staggy old right-wing loser that never found a war he didn't like?
I think he's better than Obama, though.
OK, well, good.
Go ahead and vote for him 40-50 times.
Or can he, like, he was right up your alley?
He doesn't know anything about the economy.
He doesn't know that Iraq isn't on the border of Afghanistan.
He doesn't have any idea what he's talking about.
He's so seen out.
He makes Reagan look like an infant.
Yes, but nevermind.
In fact, the Jerusalem is within his blood.
In other angles.
And that's what Julie Roman tells us.
That's right.
The two of them have had a surgical,
they've finally been surgically separated.
They were like Simon's twins there for a long time.
But now Julie Roman finally got sliced off at the hip so he could come to South Florida.
And pedal some propaganda.
Oh, he's so wonderful.
For Israel and he eats a lot of Delhi.
He's like, hey, man, man, man, man, man, man.
Yeah.
Club there and dare, Julie Roman.
You bastard.
You lunatic. You loser.
And of course, the Democratic Party being as weak needless...
They should just kick his ass out, you know, even though it claims to be an independent Democrat.
He's an independent...
Long-distance Democratic Democrat.
Who knows?
Who the hell knows?
Cobb and Dread.
That's what they say in China by Julie Roman.
At the Olympics.
Somebody QYM, hello.
This is a problem.
They got it rigged.
And my cane can't tie the rig, Neil.
We're not even getting Obama in.
Yeah.
So I want to vote for him still too.
40 or 50 times.
But my wonderful won't even get counted.
Somebody QYM, hello.
I haven't picked up a little space.
But yeah, we're talking about the Marlins.
Come here.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Just what we need is a whole bunch more sports stations and then the Marlins are going to start drawing like crazy.
You think?
No.
And don't forget if you got one of those cowbells that gave away on the seventh of June.
Don't bring it to the stadium because they'll send you home like a little child that just dumped him his pants.
Yeah, that is just stupid.
Yeah.
I mean, what are you going to do with the cowbell?
You're going to take it home and bring a ding-ding in or what?
Yeah, you bring it to the ballpark and you make some noise.
That's why they give him out.
I would assume.
No, shh.
Can't do that.
No, what?
Can't do that.
Shhh.
I'd say no shmette.
No, no.
Just a huge shh.
I bet they wouldn't let that drum beat her in Cleveland or neither.
I bet you're porn.
Yeah, the guy that's been beating a drum beat her in the whole night.
Yeah, I know.
I know what you're talking about, yeah.
I bet they wouldn't let them in if they were running that place.
I wonder if they ever, if they drum beat her, seeing what's her name, naked.
Who's the guy for the Indians?
Gary Seismore?
Great East Seismore.
Great East Seismore.
Would you Gary Seismore?
Yeah, you know.
Great East Seismore.
Yeah, you know.
You better get it straight.
Now, there's a guy.
There's a real guy.
That's my opinion of a real guy.
Great East Seismore.
Oh, yeah.
What?
A real guy.
Great East Seismore.
You don't think so?
No, you agree with you.
Are you serious?
You've been sarcastic.
I'm being sarcastic.
I'm being sarcastic.
Well, so why is that?
Yeah, what's wrong with Grady Seismore?
I guess there's nothing wrong with him.
Because he looks too good.
Is that the problem?
Does he have to be really ugly like Jay Feeder, for example?
Yes, I hate, yeah, I want everyone.
Real ugly and Jewish like Jay Feeder, then you and Moe would like him.
I don't know why you and Moe didn't get along better.
It seems to me a lot in common.
Yep.
I'm going to Woodbind today, by the way.
You're going to lose?
I hope not.
Is it Wednesday?
No, it's Woodbind Tuesday.
I can't be Woodbind Wednesday on the air because I don't work Wednesday in the summertime.
So it's Wednesday.
You know what I'm going to do?
I'll do whatever I want.
That's one of the great things about having a few bucks and having your own car sitting down in a gay garage and having your own life and you do whatever you want.
That's all that's still going on.
It's still there.
It's not mine.
It's not my name anymore.
It's not insured in my name.
It's got nothing to do with me.
Paco is driving it around and whatever.
And his boyfriend and maybe Mama Sita, they're in town now for a month.
The guns of Mishpahal are here.
You know how that works, don't you?
Oh yeah.
The whole family shows up.
Half a Mexico is in my building now for a month.
It's alright, I'll survive.
12, 13, a QA.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Yeah.
I'm dying over here.
Those hot bullpupies in my heavy-hearsthroats.
They changed the name to Ilyon Hart for exploitation is now.
And to a fine art.
That's where the fuck's all.
It just backs out on leather away.
Until you see the newly-chained and giant water arrived.
Where you grab a drooper a raft.
That's if you've broken up to a democracy.
Down, backs up the pew to down.
Underwater the drown and back around.
To hook the rough middle down.
The answer big is part you've ever seen.
Now, people nature all the toilets are clean.
Those high-dazzled autographs like a big chock-peasy.
That's hard.
And that'll part your guard.
It's all about how important you think.
You don't have the rest of the country.
It's no big deal.
Before it counts as your fun.
I've got down to Ilyon Hart.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
I'm a man.
There's science here from the roadcoach band.
And rockin' music by Los Van Van.
College issues trans band.
Ain't seen there are demands.
Under a county cloud.
I place the wrongest when they probably playin' that tube.
And say, my only one that is too big.
That's how many toilet heads up.
That's a great way to Ilyon Hart.
Ilyon Hart.
Ilyon Hart.
Ilyon Hart.
Ilyon Hart.
Ilyon Hart.
I'll tell you one thing if it was me,
I wouldn't be one of the one I'm back and I made stuff for it.
What it is today?
You know what I'm saying?
I mean, that's just me.
Will you run around Santa?
No.
Would you whisper it?
No.
This has got a long tail on it.
I'm sure you're seeing the long tail on it.
Sure does.
How many QAM?
Hello.
I love it.
Yeah.
Yes sir.
You had a guy call earlier a whole year that made a lot of sense.
I've never actually shared the same opinion for quite a while.
I've never heard anybody actually say it.
The fact that the matter is that we should get to the bottom of the game.
And you're in the middle of the dead end.
And you're in a county that hit 70-80% Hispanic.
You're sitting in a crowd that's 70-80% white.
And that's epicivacic.
We're coming from the north end.
A lot of people use that.
What does that mean?
What does that mean?
They built the stadium further south now where they think that they're going to draw for the Hispanic crowd.
But again, you're in a county that is extremely Hispanic.
Yes, they're crowded.
Let me ask you this.
Is it possible for you to say Julio and Hispanic once more?
Is it possible?
My point is that...
Your point is you don't like Cubans, okay?
Why'd you just say it?
WQA and hello.
QAM.
Going once.
Going twice?
Yes sir.
You ought to be.
I was watering up.
Oh god.
How do you like that?
He's sitting there with a radio turned up.
I'll tell you man, the summer heat must be getting to us.
A lot of folks...
Everybody.
To everybody.
Wow, when he's got to figure out when the hell he's on.
Reffend putts.
567-0560-0.560 and he's going to rise in singular wireless line.
I think it would be a lot easier if we just gave everybody his home phone number and also a ProZac run.
Just give him the phone number.
That'll be great.
And then you could all talk to him all day long without, you know, with a speed dialing.
WQA and hello.
What happened to Dave LeBois?
He got fired.
Oh wow.
Wow.
I went to one of your former sponsors in the food was great deal the day.
What was that Mike?
The jaw hurt.
Yeah.
And I love former sponsors like what about a hundred years ago?
A long time ago.
I've had a little least.
Yeah look out there.
Okay.
My, my, my.
Bye bye bye.
WQA and hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Your, your opinion what should we do about Iran?
Your opinion what should we do about Iran?
Well how about?
Bum bum bum bum bum.
Brand.
Bum bum bum.
Brand.
Oh my god he's in Rochester.
New Hampshire will insane.
McCain.
Dean, we will see an arcing economic political judicial progress in that country.
Right.
Well let's just stay there forever then there will never be a problem except a whole bunch of dead people.
Let's just stay there forever.
WQA and hello.
I didn't meditate.
WQA and hello.
I don't know who this reverend is.
Who was?
WQA and hello.
Neil I'm looking at the pictures of your last appearance I've caught stream when you were in the blusher, the long-leaf blusher.
What about it?
And um you know Neil I just got emotional.
I mean I just got emotional.
That sounds like it.
Yeah.
Sounds like it.
I'm not going to break that.
No but I'm saying you've made me laugh and you know I know a time is ticking and um you know I wish the best of health man.
I wish you would be around for a while.
Time is ticking and I'm going to croak is that what you're going to try to tell me I'm going to croak soon?
Not all I would know.
You know that'll be a sad day Neil.
I mean believe it or not.
Yeah.
You that'll be a very sad day and I'm dying on my hair.
At least I have over 200 of your recorded tapes that I always listen to when you're not on.
Even I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
Yeah.
I just want to say thanks Neil.
You're the best.
Okay.
Bye bye.
And take it.
Move.
Post your child for the I have no life crowd.
Wow.
He loves you.
That's his routine.
Don't you get it?
He doesn't love anybody.
That's just the routine.
I think he loves you.
Does he?
I sure wish I could say the feeling was mutual.
It's not?
224 votes for the Simpsons is the best TV spin off of all time from the Tracy Almond show which I never saw by the way.
It was okay.
758 votes.
You got a real legitimate shot at 800.
Look at that crowd behind McHenry.
There's a woman who could be over the age of 400.
Who have been very see her?
Are you on?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
To her left.
To her left.
To her left.
And you see the guy with the VFW.
Now there's the young guy sitting back there.
Looks almost human.
With the glasses on.
Nothing on front of him.
What?
The guy that was sitting in front of that little guy.
No.
The guy with the glasses on.
It's not in his head.
After the guy who said I'm a moron and the kid's out of here, you sure are.
That kid looks pretty good to me.
I give him a shot.
Sure you would.
I give him a ride by the way.
Hey, he's probably a prop.
You know, they probably paid him 50 bucks to sit back there.
Make it look like somebody under the age of 100.
I like some McCain.
I think 25 bucks was the price.
WQA and hello.
Hi Neil.
Hi.
I had a hard time getting through.
How did the crazies keep getting through?
They get through so easy.
Yeah, they work hard at it.
It's their profession.
I saw before the devil and I was your dad.
I was an axon.
I saw last year when it first came out and I told people about it and nobody ever heard of
it.
Really?
Yeah, I didn't get promoted very well.
I guess when the writer's strike was going on in all the late night talk shows were in
reruns and said nobody promoted.
I read a review of it and it found it good enough that I went out and thought.
Did you think that needs a sequel?
No, I say leave it alone.
Yeah, quit wirehead.
I think I know what happened.
I mean, that's just what I want to believe.
Well, don't scroll the ending.
No, I won't, but you know, Hank.
Ethan Hawke was great in that movie.
Ethan Hawke is always great.
I'm derated.
One of the underrated actors of our time.
He went to 50 million different emotions in that movie.
He felt similar Hoffman.
Always good.
Except I don't want to see him naked anymore.
No, I'd rather see Ethan Hawke naked.
There you go.
Now you're talking, and we do.
Then we see a little ass in there.
Little fat.
Yeah.
But I keep telling people about it and they're going to never heard of it.
And I thought maybe when the DVD came out that it would get some word of mouth.
Well, I'm going to promote it.
I'm going to tell everybody instead of wasting all your money on a Marlon games,
go out into your video store and buy before the devil knows you did.
Or there will be blood.
Don't waste money on that any of that.
Oh, God.
Have a great day.
All right.
Bye now.
Bye.
That's right.
She makes a good point.
Instead of wasting your money on that, there will be blood.
I'll go out and get before the devil knows you did.
Hey, we had a real call that time, too.
Hey, we've had some calls today.
You aren't paying much attention, Mr. Rufus.
I'll say that right now because you're too worried about your 800 votes.
And that's stupid poll.
Well, you know.
And don't let me forget one time before the end of the show.
I got to read that whole poll.
761.
You can do it at one.
You can take us right up to two.
Maybe 105.
I still don't know why you were kissing the A's this morning.
That was so bad.
That's his job.
He was saying the most aberrant, the most unacceptable things about the Marlins.
Wait till we get back to the little dog man when he gets back from VK.
And what does he say VK?
Is that because it rhymes with gay?
I mean, what?
You don't see Keeps Santa?
Yes.
It's your job with his ass in the shape tomorrow.
Oh, oh.
Maybe it's named.
That's not the stupid one.
Oh.
Oh, it's like a high-woody boy.
Oh, the fourth leader.
That's a beautiful one.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
Oh!
23.5.60.WD.Champ.
By the way, the movie before The Devil knows You Dead is directed by Sidney Lumet,
One of the great directors of all time.
What else has he directed?
Sturpocho,
Dog Day afternoone,
Network,
Club Angry Men,
A whole bunch of great-
He murdered our New Orient Express,
One of the greatest directors of all time.
You don't want to stay in the middle of that?
I did not till just now.
I didn't realize I was in the middle of it.
What are you?
Some kind of like a, um,
a guy that doesn't get out of the house very often?
Yeah, pretty much.
Did you see network?
I did not see network.
I am a mad ass hell!
I'm a husser and a dick that's anymore!
Oh!
Now Chris, you saw it.
That is correct.
And...
It's a pretty good movie.
That wasn't a ringing endorsement right there.
No, I mean it's got a good message.
It's a little slow.
It's worth seeing.
Should I see you removing network?
Yes.
Okay.
I am a mad ass hell!
I'm a husser and a dick that's anymore!
Just don't watch it late at night when you're tired.
Why is it scary?
No.
No, it's a little slow.
It's a little slow at times.
It's a little slow at times,
but it's a good movie.
One of the greatest movies ever made,
there is no question about it.
And how can you understand...
I'm a mad ass hell!
I'm a husser and a dick that's anymore!
The significance of that when you never saw the movie.
Now, certainly you heard that line right?
Excuse me, sorry again?
I think we're having a disconnect here.
Certainly you heard that line a million times, yes.
I'm a mad ass hell!
I'm a husser and a dick that's anymore!
And you never wondered what that's all about?
Where it's from, what it is?
Nah, I just like that.
Okay, so forget see you in the movie.
Just run around yelling.
I'm a mad ass hell!
And then when people ask you while you're mad ass hell say you work for Jolly Jo'bell.
Rhymes with hell.
I'm just gonna tell them that I saw the movie network and they'll understand.
There you go.
Tell them that you and Howard Biel are tight.
You and Peter French.
Poor Peter French man, he's still dead.
He was great.
One of the really underrated actors of all time.
Peter French, great, sensational, spectacular, dead.
You know what they say?
The good people are the fat people and the fat people are the dead people.
They all know he wasn't fat.
He's just dead.
WDQA-M, hello.
WDQA-M, hello.
Hello?
Hello, yes.
Hi Neil.
I'm one of your favorite female listeners and I came to see you in person at the track with George.
And I'm a lawyer and I want you to know that I see Norma Kent in the courthouse every day.
And I thought, what's up?
I don't know what he's doing but he's not practicing well.
He's practicing something, I'm sure that.
But he's always rolling around walking the halls but I never really knew.
He's probably practicing something that's against the law no doubt.
Many things.
And then I went up and tell him how much I love you and he says, oh yeah, I'm really doing a good job for Neil.
Wow, what a sense of humor Norma.
And if I can make a request, please, for something by Mr. Mouse.
Okay.
Thank you.
You got it.
Give Norma a big kiss on the lips for me.
Okay, bye.
Okay, see ya.
Although I wouldn't do that.
Got only a nose where those lips have been but I think I got a good idea.
Yeah, be careful.
Can we take a look at that policy?
How Chris is doing on air?
I'm not going to read the results because it's 7.74.
7.75 is great.
Why?
7.75, get it straight.
I think we could make 8.50.
8.50, that's one of the sports agents, isn't it?
I don't think so.
Isn't that WFTL?
No, no.
Yeah, yes.
Yes.
It might be FTL but it's not one of the sports ones.
That's all they got is sports ones.
Now they cheesed the format all their shows.
Well, 8.50 is not one of those two new ones that they came out with.
What?
8.50 is not one of those two new sports networks.
Radio stations.
What is it?
I believe it's 640 and 1,400.
And what do they play on 8.50?
What do they say?
What do they play?
What do they...
I don't know.
Yeah, maybe that.
What do they...
What kind of state?
What's the floor, man?
Mistakes.
Radio.
I got no idea.
Oh, geez.
Let me look it up.
God.
Not sports.
Too bad George isn't here today.
He sure know.
Not.
George is out sick, by the way.
WFTL live on the Eur-Joyce Kaufman.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
1 to 4 p.m.
I'm Joyce Kaufman.
Oh God.
And the O'Reilly factor, or you're right, it's a...
They still put that crap on here.
It gets big numbers like we have at night.
Oh!
Like that.
Is that scary or what?
Yes.
You're cool.
So what's his name again?
What's his name?
James Crystal Radio.
Steve Lapa.
Norma Kant says he's got the Midas Touch and Reverse.
Everything he touches turns to Schmidt.
That's what Norma says, big on a her.
Everybody Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M, Ola.
Yes.
How exactly does a show work?
You call in, you give a subject, and then you comment on it?
No, well, it's called works like this.
I give the numbers out in a bunch of chronic idiots call six hundred times.
Not quite so much.
That's how it works.
Like you.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60, and a Verizon and a Singular wireless line.
We're talking about why you folks won't go see the Marlins.
How about if we give you the tickets for free?
We just still go.
No.
Huh?
Might that do?
No.
How about if D-A ran around and Lincoln Road Mall handed out tickets for free for everybody?
They go.
You think?
That's a good promotion.
Yeah.
They don't promote though anymore.
It seems to me.
I could be wrong about that.
But while they do that Saturday night thing, right?
They get free crap away or they give a free concert, then people show up.
Yes.
Well, you know the interest is, you know the interesting part about that?
If the stadium isn't right next door to everybody in town, it's not the best location.
How come so many of these people can show up under some free concert?
Is there some other freebie being handed out?
But if people expect them to pay to go see some sporting event, oh, it's too far!
Oh, we can't get there.
All the parking is atrocious like that.
I think they're probably my logic there.
Thank you, I answered your own question.
Because they're full of crap and because they're cheap and because they don't wanna.
That's why.
They don't wanna.
The best talent.
People from the Verizon.
Sportly, the 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
You've got to be kidding me.
Uh-huh.
What was the sports leader?
What is that?
How they don't really worry about that?
Don't be rejoining.
I'll take your children.
A cellum.
There some Haitians.
Buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.
Hey, Ferret.
What's that?
By the way, Cellura.
I've been giving it some thought.
See?
I know that me and you, in a new, much better go in 6 to 10 and I did 5, a Gentile in the
cranky Jew.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind, you gotta have your weary bed, stand down to
sight, no chance I'll always show it to you.
And I'd rather die, we'd be crappy to get there.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a bit, but be Jew, a Brooklyn High.
I've been raised by everybody but you, you're not my choice.
We in love, this is that with love, no way that if we had a fight, that you'll survive.
You'd wanna hear a Gentile, and for she's time, that's crappy to get there.
I know that you and me, for me, is much better sit to 10 and I did 5, a Gentile in the cranky
Jew.
I love it, 12 minutes before 1 at 5.16.
I got a lot of it, almost as much as Zach loves the moh.
Oh yeah, that's a lot.
Guess who's a bio is on the 640 website?
Who's up?
I'll give you a clue.
I absolutely wanna puke.
Meepo.
Wow.
What is that sports penis thing?
Now if you look at me, I'm gonna wrap this sports section around my penis.
Oh, that was a chicken neck thing on Boka.
I mean on Meepo, whatever's name.
Wow.
Wait till you hear the distortions, I don't wanna say lies.
How in the media they talk about the presence distortions on the reasons for going to war in Iraq and stuff like.
As opposed to lies.
I guess they figured a Greg Reed in Joe Bello, the only ones who lied and everybody else just distorts.
Jeff DeForest is 73 graduate of Syracuse University, began a journalism career in California, as sports editor of race in Burman LA Daily newspaper,
but after he branched into radio, he was hooked as were his loyal fans.
DeFo roasted the top of Miami ratings when he first hosted a nightly talk show on WIOD back in 1981.
He roasted the top of Miami ratings, I don't remember that.
I must have forgot.
Yeah, probably.
As Miami expected from one pro franchise, Dolphin's Town to the Heat Panthers, Marlins and Major College Paros University,
Miami, Jeff and sports media grew with the city.
Jeff was ultimately tapped to host Morning Drive on Miami's first all sports radio station, 560 WQAM.
Now that he hosted the morning show, was it like the worst thing?
Is he one of the honor with the Joe and the Guilty?
Yes.
But it says he was picked through a famous pick in it.
I absolutely want to puke.
And here's the best part.
By 2002, it was time to branch out.
It doesn't say him, he was getting fired.
I absolutely want to puke.
For that engine business, it doesn't say anything about that.
It says it was time to branch out.
DeFo came to News Talk, 850 WFTO, and not only covered the Miami 4 Waterdale radio market, but got a big base of fans.
And West Palm, Boca, he left in 2005 to work for Miami's second all sports station, 790 ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
His career came full circle in October 2007, as DeFo came back to his News Talk roots, joining the News Talk, 850 WFTO Morning News team,
and hoping to sign on Miami's third all sports station, WFTO's 640 Fox Sports, Jeff does double duty every morning.
So in other words, they got his show on two of their station dead.
That would be like Channel 10 buying Channel 6.
Yep.
You know what I'm thinking?
I absolutely want to puke.
Yeah.
Well, you know, letting me write in somebody's, trying to glist it up a little bit, you don't write about them being canned all over the place.
Stuff like that.
That wouldn't be good in the bio here.
And certainly we don't want to tell anybody that DeFo's well known as a...
And Gun Killer!
That wouldn't be bad too.
You still have McCain on the TV?
Yeah.
You see the girl behind him on the...
The little girl?
She was just yawning, almost fell over in her chair.
Oh no.
How about... look at that guy that the colonist or Elks or whatever that had his he's wearing?
With the glasses that's a facel...
That fat face, a redneck?
Is that a real person or is that a billboard like thing?
Is that a real person?
And look at that trailer trash bitch, I mean, lady.
Bitch.
Behind McKeaner.
You see her?
She's definitely paid.
God.
Trailer trash.
There's gotta be her kids next there.
W-Q-A-N-H-H-L-O.
N-E-O?
Yes.
Hi, I enjoyed you so staying high to Zack and I'm Chris.
And I just wanted to tell you that the person you were thinking about earlier
with different sports that are coming back with 10 single fit.
Can't single the Nets right?
He does the Yankee games with David Conehead.
Right, and for all N-E-O's that's it also.
And Michael K.
You know, in all the Yankees and play
the guys when they have no other jobs.
Right, and that's right.
When their careers are finished and they're washed up, all of a sudden they were broadcasted.
They have a magic wand.
Yes.
But I enjoy your show.
I listen to you all the time.
Thanks for your time.
Have a great day.
You too.
Hope you'll see.
We have three ladies called today and you aren't even aware of it.
Chris, you're not even paying any attention.
You can...
No, you're not.
The quality of the colors today is enough to make George Envious tomorrow.
Zach and I were just talking about the last color.
Talking about what?
The lady who just called calls Joe Show a lot.
Well, she's nice.
She's nice, I think her name is Nancy.
She calls it a lot.
She calls it a lot.
You try to say too much, maybe?
No, I never...
794 on the pool.
I'm just trying to get even with you for the way you kiss D.A.'s ass this one.
Oh my god, no one kissed anything.
No, you should have given him some serious crap.
He doesn't know what he's talking about.
I told him that it's a football town that no one's going to show up for baseball.
And it's no one else's fault besides Zach.
Well, come again tomorrow and tell that nobody gets a point on this station.
I will tell you that.
Unless he used to be a great radio station before Joe Bell came along and ruined it.
And that nobody comes in from Kansas City and gets a point at night,
even following that dead air he's on after.
Vincent Bulliosey, his book is The Prosecution of George W. Bush Remorder.
Somebody sent me a two-page facts about it.
And what am I supposed to do if everybody go out there and buy it?
He's great, by the way, Vincent Bulliosey.
I read some of his books.
Good guy.
Got some big balls.
And the media's not talking about it because it's too close to the truth.
The media doesn't want to give you the truth.
There's one thing I've been trying to tell you for 30 years now.
The media is sick and it's not bad.
Right.
Speaking of unacceptable people besides George W. Bush, Michael Savage.
One of the most obnoxious people who was ever allowed in a radio.
Even more obnoxious than...
That's possible.
I don't even know.
I don't know.
The radio program of conservative shock, Jacques Michael Savage,
has been canceled by one Mississippi network following his controversial claim
that autism is almost always the result of a brat who hasn't been told to cut the act out.
They don't have a father around to tell them,
don't act like a moron savage when I'm doing his July 16 broadcast.
You'll get nowhere in life.
Stop acting like a puss.
Straighten up.
Act like a man.
Don't act like a girl.
Don't cry.
This is a guy who's made a career out just being a professional bigot.
He's like the David Duke of radio.
It was just horrible what he said.
It's terrible.
Said Steve Davenport, president of tele-self communications,
and explaining the cancellation.
It was just horrible.
I mean, it's terrible.
When you talk about people in politics, business people, that's one thing.
But when you talk about defenseless children, that's another he said.
Some parents of autistic children want savage to be fired entirely.
Evelyn Aine, who organized a protest outside the studios of WOL-RAM in New York on Monday explained,
this isn't just freedom of speech, it's hateful speech.
Wendy fornie, of the National Autism Association,
called savages of Marx, over the line and cruel.
It's heartbreaking.
It's terrible.
One protesting parent told CNN,
the whole lives of families changed and racing a child with autism.
Martin Schwartzman's 15-year-old son Robbie is moderately autistic.
It really hurt my feelings that Robbie's twin sister Allison.
However, law professor Nate Persily cautioned,
the Constitution protects you right to be a jerk sometime.
Jerky speech is protected.
Savage was previously fired by MSNBC in 2003 over anti-Gay comments.
As the time of this writing an online petition calling for his firing over the latest flap,
I already gained 1,600 signatures.
However, a statement posted on Savage's website yesterday offered no apology,
but instead insisted that autism is being overdogged,
those bagged reedy doctors, a statement with which Persily disagrees.
As if we care,
Persily, you persily person.
He's a bigoted piece of turd, doesn't belong on here,
but nevertheless, give him a job.
Man, that's right, put him on here.
There's a really, really great looking young man sitting behind a McCain here
with his thing on his lip.
Oh, I see.
He looks pretty good to me.
I mean, I can work on it eight.
What?
Look, sure, if you need to.
He's a good looking young man.
In fact, you see the way he's taken his hand.
Like, oh, I can't believe this old man is saying these crazy things.
I think...
The best talent of the future is the life of the sports team at five.
He's a year-and-a-half.
He's a sports leader.
I have no life.
We have, they just got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all women with painted lips around the pole,
I listen to the new Rogers one or two.
I mean, I listen to the new Rogers hearing balance.
Winter till hour.
I have no problem with default, but default is somewhat intimidated.
And it's like laws or...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Intimidated by what, Jeff?
What do you have that I'm intimidated by?
Well, I don't know.
You've kind of turned red when I come in the studio.
Why would I turn red when you come in here?
Just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way on the show.
I'm not warming my way.
I don't want your way.
You talking about this, those back.
Let's clear the air right now, Jeff, for him.
Yeah, back at the Adela Dreams former radio station.
When you came on the air on Neil Rogers show and trashed virtually everybody to work at the station.
I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil
and trying to work your way around going through conventional systems
about getting a job on the air that you were saying that I was sandbagging your chances of getting on the radio.
Absolutly.
And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally.
And instead of saying it to me, you're running around saying, oh, well, this deforces the reason I'm not getting a job.
Oh, that's not true. That's not true.
Anyway, I want to move on.
You're saying I'm jealous of what you're doing and I'm not saying what is that, Jeff?
You're kind of showing say that?
No, I'm what I am saying, though, is this?
I just feel sometimes you got to get a little uncomfortable.
I'm intimidated by you.
Who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back?
Oh, that was just some of the great moments from the first team.
That is awesome radio right there.
Wasn't it good with a rumor calling in Mepho?
Well, they hit you to say Mepho was so paranoid about Rimmer that I think he had like a voodoo doll.
Or maybe it was a blow up doll.
I remember one of the other.
You know, you saw it.
You hear Joe in the middle of that just trying to egg it on.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. That's your buddy, Joe.
He's a smitter, Mr. Burman.
Oh, yeah.
Like he always says, he wants to stir it up.
What does he say that?
He loves confrontation.
I've never met someone who loves him.
Even that thing where he talks about the mole accusing him of stirring it up.
Remember that?
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air.
Because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station.
Howard David.
Who I get along with great.
I thought he called me a bat ass saying I was trying to stir it up.
See, there he goes.
Stir it up.
From the stir it up.
I got some great news.
This is some of the best news in the history of South Florida.
Are you aware of it?
Oh, my God. I'm shaking.
You better hang on real tight.
Okay.
You know free food today, huh?
No.
I would invite you guys to give a free plug to somebody who brought in food and fed this troops.
But I guess it would happen.
No.
No, how is today?
Is how he's not bringing food anymore?
They bring it up.
We call it the free pay pay the whole thing.
How can guys like you afford to pay for food?
Exactly.
You know something?
I got a really great idea.
I think all the troops, all the underlings who could pay it hourly and get paid squat,
like you guys, and there's many others.
You ought to put together a memo and send it to Joe Bell.
Paste it on his door.
And say, just so that we don't have to give free plugs anymore,
and the food has to be paid for, we've got a really good idea.
When they bring the food, we'll also have them bring a bill,
and we'll have you pay, and you can pay for it.
Hey, like an expense account.
Yeah, that's right. Then it solves the problem.
Sounds good to me.
Yeah, then you're not getting, you're not plugging anybody in your pain for the food,
or the station is anyway, and that's the way it should work.
Fat ass, Johnny Joe should pay for the food.
How can anybody be that?
He makes Ebenezer's scoots look like a good humor man.
That's what a cheap bastard he is.
Good humor, hmmm.
Are you starting with the food again?
I thought you were doing good on that diet.
I am doing good on that diet.
I thought you were losing weight weekly, and I just found that W-E-K or W-E-A-K.
L-Y. Weekly, pounds are shedding off me.
How much do you weigh?
Right now, about 278.
I'll start at 3.19.
41 pounds.
Yeah.
Well, overall, yeah.
It's something like that.
Now, who weighs more?
Which one do you guys weigh more?
Not over me.
And aren't you embarrassed?
Don't you feel like you want to catch up with Zem?
Yes, I'm sorry, go on to the gym every day like he does.
You're going to the gym?
I go every day, yes.
Maybe, maybe, you could go with Brady Quinn to the gym.
I'd probably be able to pick up a couple more girls or guys at that point.
Yeah, pick up anything you want.
Yeah.
It looks like that.
It's personally naked.
If he's naked, I'm not going with him.
It might be a little intimidating, I guess.
Yeah.
How about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about
how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about, how about that answer to the gentleman you made yesterday to begin running in the process of you creating on time of this called disappointing experience.
on your cable. I don't want to talk about that because that would be a bad idea. I don't
want to do that. So I won't. What? Yeah, I don't do that. Do you have any idea what I'm
talking about? Yes. No. So I'm not the only one. No. It's not my incompetence that can't
change the channel. I can't punch it in fast enough. No, it would be our incompetence,
I guess. Both of us. Somebody QA in, hello? Okay. Oh, no, you're a bad person, buddy.
Can you honestly tell me this towards the long, the street? Well, let me ask you if you got a
sock over your phone or what? My call. Yeah, there we go. 5.67.05.60.
Pound 5.60 and leave a rise in singular wireless line. You're over 800 posts on your pool by the
Web, Mr. Chris. I think you ought to be really proud as punch 819. You're going to do the 850
and then some. I smell 900. Oh, no. See, let me say this. We're delighted that you're there today
filling in for George who's out sick as a dog, but don't start interfering with Chris's pool.
Wait a minute. Now who's the first person to guest host like me? They got a million votes on their
poll. Come on. This is true. That's right. Come on. Eric's not going to a budget for you today.
I don't need them to. We got a million. He's not going to fudge it. We got one million.
We got a tight budget and Eric ain't going to fudge it. Don't, don't do it, Eric. Don't listen to this
fatso. He's a spy from the D. A. Show who's got a point. Oh, and he's working feverishly to get
us down at level. Although the way Joe Bells run on things, I think we can do it. I think we can
all do it, don't you? Oh, yeah. We can all get down to where our first number starts with that.
Oh, it would be good. By the way, July 30th, that's not that far away. That's a week from tomorrow,
am I right? Yes. Isn't that the day that the book comes out? Yes. And it's a Wednesday and I
won't be working actually. What is it? Oh, we makin' on. This is Joe Bell on the voice of the
Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit. You fared. We've got a wrong not much
different life. A typical meocompa hit.
Happy New Year's Eve. You fared.
You stole me's last a few days. But you refused to go away. Republic games are
right. Not really dead. Hey, hey. Hands off to Larry. With Cheetah Ball. We all invite you to
get a lot of fun. Funny, you gon' ride. But you ain't certain you'll get a lot of fun.
Larry take a note. Rock, weight, half and hit you.
Game, game, game. I never have been dead. Game, game, game. I never have been dead. Hands off to Larry. He wants to stay.
But his own party wants him to go away. Loving his right heart wants him to stay.
Larry crack his right heart for you. He wants a man to scream. You can get your hair.
118 at 560 WQM. Now this fastitude sent me these two pages. This is really something.
Did you look at these? Oh yeah. No, you don't understand. Because you know who this is.
Chris would know. Uh huh. Now let me give you the clue. The second page is an ad.
And it says safe up to 50% off on your current home. Oh, him.
Well, he is Mario who called in earlier and says, Neil, like I told you, I love you and you're sure I
wish you the best. I have over 200 tapes that I recorded to enjoy when you were not on the radio.
Here's my info. No, I love Mario. And he wants me to give a plug for his insurance thing. Oh yeah.
I think he needs a butt plug. That's where he needs the plug.
So I give him a high mark, though, because at least he changed his act.
He's trial. In the beginning it was just a safe 50% off on your train. Also, I'm going to call the FCC and
complain about that. And now he's trying something different. So at least he's working it around.
Hey, it's taking up a little. That's right. As opposed to the same old manotinous. Oh my god.
How's the quarter-shot guy doing? Have you heard from him? Dead maybe. Oh, wouldn't that be great?
I don't think I'm going to woodbine. I think I'm more interested in lunch.
What's it you two and one? I'm not going to eat there. Why not go after lunch?
But I sure as hell don't mind away. You'd lunch there. Oh my. Although I could go up in the cafeteria and then
track side. Have the pizza. I don't eat the crust. I just eat the, you know, the pepperoni and the
cheese with a fork. Did he ever do that? Yes. I'm sure you did. Chris probably never did because he
doesn't care. I've done it all times. You have done that. Yeah. Oh Larry can't speak in a radio
people. He used to do that all the time. He could get a big pie, pepperoni and cheese from Mary's
on 441. Eat the whole pie with a fork. Don't eat the crust and guess what? Now he's been dead a
long time. Although he was as big as both of you guys put together. That's not good. No, I know
he's dead. That's even worse. WQ I am. Hello. I'm alive. Q I am. Hello. Unfortunately. Q I am.
Hi there. Hi. Call regarding that. Hello. WQ I am. Hello. Neil. Yes. I got an answer for you about
the Marlins. The Marlins? Yes. No one cares. Right. Didn't know what I said. Yeah. Exactly. But here
and then this whole entire community is filled with posters and wannabes. Right? Yes. So then
someone goes out and says all of a sudden it's cool to follow the Marlins and they all want to claim
ownership of that coolness so they rush out. And then when it's open it ends then they don't have
the energy to continue with it because it's over. They're on to the next more interesting
shiny object to play with. And that's why that's the God of the honest truth and his town sucks for
sports. I've always will. That's correct. The only people that follow sports down here are these
die hard people that migrated from some other colder part of the earth. And they're still die
hard. But they don't give a crap about the local teams. They only care about the teams that
they migrated from. That is correct. And it's a joke. Now let's move on to more interesting things,
please. Thank you. I thought he was going to come on with something more interesting but
obviously not. It's like when people call and say oh I can't stand you talking about you know
feeling the blank whatever it is and then I'll say okay well what do you want to talk about?
Oh anything else. Click anything else. Yeah. In other words they have no material. It's just
whatever whatever you're talking about they don't like it because it's off-floor because they're
misfits. We don't like that. Let me say it again save the money. I don't know how much it cost
for Marlon tickets these days. Like ten bucks, twelve bucks. So maybe let's round it off,
fifteen bucks for a decent ticket. Take two. The price of two tickets, thirty bucks.
And go out and buy the DVD and you can probably really rent it for what? What does it cost
to rent a DVD? I don't rent them. Five bucks. Five bucks. Five bucks. Less than half the price of a
ticket to the stupid Marlon games and you can rent a good movie before the devil knows your dead.
And believe me you'll watch it you'll be entertained you'll say hey that was that was a couple
hours well worth it spent. As opposed to a schlepping to a ball game and now it starts raining
you get soaked you get pneumonia you got doctor bills to pay maybe they tow away your car
because you have to park in the animals velled somewhere like a zid in miles am I right?
Yeah such a schlep man it's a project. There's something interesting out there like like an orgy
put something people might be interested in seeing something exciting not a stupid baseball game
nobody watches baseball anymore. WQAM hello WQAM hello wow QAM hola yeah anybody who claims
here an independent Democrat is really not about a stick in Republicans especially that most
thought agent posing as a senator from Connecticut right you rock me see yeah was he taking a shot
of my good friend Julie Roman whatever what a son of a bitch he is that Julie Roman man what a
piece of turd stand in there with McCain oh god in fact even McCain said F.M.A.R. Democrat
he don't even know what that means Smith and Wesson here some more good news is manufacturing a
commemorative revolver in honor of the landmark US Supreme Court and that back to right of
individuals to own guns for self-defense oh I guess what other movie I saw last night on TV
which I've seen before George liked it a lot it's called vacancy you know how mad dogs are
we talking about there's a vacancy in the hotel is it the movie where they have there are like
on tape killing people yeah yeah yeah saying it that's good it's not great but it's good it's good
a lot of violence a lot of violence and the guy the clerk who's of course the mastermind of this
whole insane operator in a motel he's a scary dude yeah he reminds me of somebody I know I can't
think who it is some crazy person so what about lunch for lunch turk this is through by today pretty
than good didn't it yep and you want to know why why George is home sick oh I'm
anxious now that's just a cheap shot don't don't say that they don't call him or I'll and I
would George Neil was taking shots at you yesterday well that's all right just a really good
but not a little gun why are you good about that movie vacancy what Kate Beckinson
there's no nudity in that movie I don't care she doesn't have I mean it's in a motel
so there's plenty of opportunity for them to get naked before although there is nudity I take
that back one of the one of the tapes that they watch there's that blonde chick running around naked
with all her parts exposed you know I'm talking about oh yeah my favorite part oh or parts
nothing there for me nobody know how guys in that movie but it's a good movie vacancy
833 on the point you got 35 minutes for 17 votes if we do it it's going to be a feather
I'm our crap man a big old feather we'll do it like Yankee doodle went to town
how does that go Yankee doodle went to town and ate some macaroni so I get full of baloney
riding on a pony right and chuck up feather it is that all the macaroni yeah like that
is that how it goes I think so Yankee doodle baby maybe somebody will call and recited for us
which would be one of our better calls
too
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
I'm not gonna do it.
131 or 560, I would say that beyond the shadow of it out,
the greatest show in the history of radio was the Moongildi show.
Absolutely.
When you agree, I have to have a great producer also.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
What a combination.
Not how we're David and Steve Goldstein.
I'm talking about the Moongildi show.
Oh, yeah.
Here are some bad news, man.
Farmed founders charge with fraud.
Oh, my God.
Carlos and Jorge de Sastebeteis.
Founders of Farmed once, one of the largest
Hispanic owned businesses in the country,
were charged today with healthcare-related wire fraud
and income tax evasion and federal court.
They faced up to 25 years in a slamer.
Federal prosecutors filed the charges in an information,
which is usually an indication that the defendants
are willing to cooperate and plead guilty,
but U.S. Attorney's Office refused to say
whether that applied in this case.
The healthcare fraud charges related to a
alleged kickback scheme involved a $2.5 to $7.5 million
that Kendall Regional Hospital paid for for goods
and ever received.
Three hospital employees had already been charged
in that case and attorneys for the three
say they're cooperating in the case.
The brothers were not immediately available for comment,
but earlier this year they've vehemently denied the allegations
of an HCE hospital chain attorney
that the kickback scheme went all the way to the top
of Farmed's organization,
according to a court transcript.
That is totally untrue.
The brothers told the hero of the January email.
We wouldn't suggest that because Kendall Regional
Employees were involved in the scheme that
it goes all the way to the top of HCE management.
In the tax case, the brothers are charged with not paying
$8 million taxes on $21 million in allegedly
hidden come over three years,
2002, 3 and 4.
The brothers are expected to make their first court appearance
at $1.30 this afternoon.
In fact, there before a federal magistrate right now
as we speak, how do you like that for timing?
Pretty damn good if you asked me,
or guy that don't do any show prep.
What a freaking joke.
Let me tell you something, Ken Charles.
When you work for Joe Bell, it's a miracle that anybody shows
up for work at all.
Much less doing any prep.
How about some prep age fraud you lose
over to your cheap channel?
How about prep age?
How about for Dave Lamont,
Miss Lamont who gets canned, and they don't want to tell
anybody that he got canned.
That's the best part.
That's what this business is famous for.
People who work their ass off for a company for years and then all of a sudden
one day they're not there like micro and iri for example, and IOD.
One day they just disappear.
And the management won't even let him go on here to say goodbye.
You know, of course not.
No, like Mal.
No, no, no, no.
Did he get to say goodbye?
He didn't? I can't believe that.
No, I didn't.
Did he?
Get out of here.
I'm not sure.
I had a call from Charlie Joe Bell on a Friday of noon.
He said, oh, how are David's done his last show on QAM?
Like that was going to make me happy.
I don't know what we got now.
We had more from two to four local we got now.
Oh my goodness.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Coming to Christmas.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
You know, yes.
I'll tell you why people don't vote the mind games.
Yeah.
Because people in the radio station, the guys don't support the team.
You know, the thing you guys just know what to do about it is, you know, criticize.
You want to change your opinion.
Or a little bit, you know.
No.
And you got a little material.
That's why you're talking about the mind these days.
I got some materials for you.
Yeah, let's hear it.
Yeah, I know it.
And we're good guys, huh?
My second power is again.
He's got some material.
I can smell it all the way here.
I'm sure he could.
Wow.
See, we don't have to surprise any radio.
He's talking about you on the sports show.
It's not me.
If you and Joe would just pump it up a little bit.
He talks to wait too much about the Marlin.
I know.
838 on the poll.
You do know that? Well, what?
Why don't you, as the executive producer of that show, like you did the previous time?
Yeah. Why don't you make a decision, an executive decision, that you're not going to talk so much about the freaking Marlins?
Because unfortunately, for the last couple of weeks, that's all there is to talk about.
What about Jason Taylor?
Now because of Jason Taylor?
What about Janet Jackson, Justin Tinkerbell?
Well, today, if Joe was there, he would have talked about it.
No, he wouldn't.
Probably not. You're right.
Jason Taylor.
It would have been all J2.
Dancing with a star's baby. He'd dancing with a star's.
That whole thing, I don't understand the whole deal there.
He did it because he wants to be in Hollywood.
I'm not talking about that. Oh, there's no question about that.
You can see that with his calendar way back when, remember the calendar?
Yeah.
It seems a little bit gay to me.
Not that I'm suggesting, because I'm sure, you know, not that it makes any difference.
Doesn't seem a little bit gay.
The old baby.
The old baby.
What about the old baby?
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
The old baby.
And like I said, even way back in the beginning, I used to go to a lot of Marlon games back in the beginning.
And I realized that the people who are watching the games didn't even understand baseball.
We're not talking about a hockey game.
We're not talking about something complicated. We're talking about a baseball game.
That did you keep score?
No.
I did that as a kid. Adults don't keep score at a ballgame.
Maybe if you're having yourself.
What?
You're kidding yourself. You don't think of adults to them.
They keep score?
Yeah, of course.
Why?
Play a sportsdorch out there.
What is that?
Because they just are.
There's no real answer for that.
They keep score? They have the scorebook?
Yeah, they have.
I mean, I did that when I did the UM games. I had to have the scorebook because I was broadcasting the game, you know?
Why don't you come back and do that again, you were so great a hundred years ago. Don't know the UM game.
Yeah.
I still think you're in the gacu or the team.
The future of the...
You really wished it on me, huh?
The hurricane's baseball.
I thought you were my friend and come to find out you're an enemy.
Me and Joseph Gackey.
Only in South Florida, you know, you think about major markets.
Although, you know, Ken Sigleton and David Cohnhead, that's the Yankee Broadcasters, the New York Yankees, the Steinbrenner family.
This is the best they can put on the air, is crap like that.
A couple of semi-literate X-Jocks.
Jesus, God Almighty.
And they started in 1963 when CBS brought the Yankees from Delweb and Dan Topping.
1963.
And they had probably the best trio of baseball announcers who ever worked.
Mel Allen, Red Barber, and Jim Woods.
And they fired all three of them.
And they put on Joe D'Ageola, fill the Scooter Resurro and Jerry Coleman.
Three impossible X-Jocks.
Get a check.
Yeah, Joe D'Ageola is so illiterate that it scares me to think of it.
That he made millions of dollars and you know what business he made all his money in?
What's up?
The radio business.
How many QA and Hello?
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
Tells that to explain to you how good of a friend he is to warn from Little Havana, that's me.
Yeah.
And, oh, that was it.
That was his material.
I guess he got tickled himself, maybe because his boyfriend's got his finger deep in the back.
Maybe tickled his cold in a little bit.
560.560, and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
How many QA and Hello?
Thank you, Neil.
Yes?
Oh, that was it.
That was a good call.
I think somebody grabbed his instrument from him.
And no, as a matter of fact, look what happened on the phone.
Let me just see if these are...
So we had a phone fart there for just a second.
Haven't had one of those in a long time when they were usually get that at IOD, the people from Bell South hated us like poison.
And so like the guys that worked the line, they would just tap the call off and admit sentence.
That's not very nice.
And all our lines are good.
I mean, I can't prove that, but we knew it.
You can feel it, you can smell it.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
Bell rhymes with...
WDQA and Hello.
Neil, I don't understand.
DA gets the zero rating at night.
I just bring him on the morning to bring his zero to the morning.
Yeah.
What we like spreading it around.
Here's the word sports show, because that guy just talks sports.
He's not a personality, and he doesn't do any like info and entertainment like to jacks though.
Like Jacks does?
You want Jacks on in the morning?
Is that it?
He was already on in the morning once.
How that work out?
Jack has a personality though, and he does like that info and entertainment stuff.
Oh my God.
Are you kidding me?
Do you really think you're going to pedal this to me?
Listen, you're number one, Ben Mad Dog, Ben Joe, and then everyone else forget about it.
Okay, I'll forget about it.
I'll forget you said that.
There's a guy pumping the jerk show.
He had to be kidding.
I mean, he wasn't snickering or anything like that.
He wasn't chuckling, but I'm sure he had had to be a joke, didn't it?
He sounded serious.
840 votes on Chris's poll.
He's jones in for those other 10.
Let's go people.
Upon the 5.
1841, they're trickling in by the ones now.
The best talents units in the world are used for 62 AM.
Friends, sports and later.
Shybirds,
Jimmy and Danny.
Damien and Danny and Jinny and Demi.
Jimmy and Danny.
We have a mobile from Miramar.
Hello.
Hi, can you hear me?
Okay, I got a question.
Hi.
Jimmy and Danny situation.
Hi, uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny tradition.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
David Wardley.
Uh, Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny during the day.
Jimmy and DannyLord.
Jimmy and Danny are ashamed.
Jimmy and Danny are su .
Jimmy and Danny are happy together.
Jimmy and Danny, Danny and Danny.
word from Valley along the hotmans wherever you fought in comes with its own
frigid day okay one forty six fourteen till two with its own frigid air i love
that don't you love that frigid air
mm-hmm Betty for an s used to do TV a spot's live for a frigid air Betty
for an s old the bag she was a commercial pitch lady
oh was she cute and I bet you it's on you cute you somewhere where she was
doing it and maybe was not I don't know what the brand was and she tried to
open a refrigerator door and it wouldn't open on on live TV and she was
struggling struggling couldn't open a damn thing yeah yeah that's not good
that it you and hello yeah I want to go ahead and call my number
that it you and hello yes sir how you doing Betty good
I'm saying the best coffee man I hope you have a nice vacation to quarter
slot guys an a hole no it is a whole quarter slot guy I just got back
minute patient you know let me say it again it's the quarter slot guy yeah
just got back medication I we don't care go on permanent vacation okay maybe
Steve Tyler will take out permanent vacation but I know that he'd get near
you I don't think you get near enough to smell you 847 on a pole more you only
three more votes would it be a shame if we fell a little bit short well that
this is on the 22th of July now I'm I'm really cuz basically we got through
this pretty quick today painless goods and good calls today not a lot of them
we have three ladies as Joe would say how you doing with the ladies to see
a problem with his else maybe because he says the marlins and ladies
Joe's got a little bit of you ought to work on that with him when it comes back
from VK I'm writing down notes and tell VA to quit saying VK what what is he say
that I don't know he's noticed that this morning yes I did he must have said it
time while I was listening and I sure of Chris don't get in any or that's
right I won't be on again till Thursday Georgia will be back till third by
Thursday morning we hope when to be over this latest drug problem and seizures
he's having whatever he's going on with him no I gotta say that I gotta say
what seizures it's just you know people calling him to see if he's okay well
good let these people care about him a little bit okay quick caring about
me so much and start caring about George because George has got issues you
know like life like Joe Bell don't want to pay him any money he just loves the
job George is doing filling in George is the best he's the real intellectual man
he's the amaz he's the thing I'm just here today filling in for George but
George unfortunately is doing way too many drugs and screwing around way too much
strange so my feeling for here filling in for George that's a big point
I'm very afraid about that yeah that's right you're filling in for me okay excellent
job by the way thank you you didn't have much to say but excellent job well
that's normal we haven't heard of you the story yet what we haven't heard
exactly the story yet what do you mean by that well if he's filling in for you
when you read stories no no I don't read stories anymore that's in the past maybe
one or two like in the old days I don't want to do too much show prep
nobody QYM hello
yes I was wondering if you heard about that Christian Bell character from the
yeah we already had it on sold news Christian Bell went to jail but they didn't
want to mess with me yesterday because they didn't want to mess up the release
of the movie they couldn't do it I had something really important I was just
gonna pass along and then this color just to toss me toss me right out always
about lunch yeah I'm thinking deli what kind like what like what like what
movement sandwich oh I shouldn't be in the bread oh and by the way I've got some
good news for you diabetics out there sourdough bread coming to find out
has very little effect on your blood sugar as opposed to any other kind of
bread like whole week people think whole week is better guess what whole week
will send your blood sugar skyrocketing in fact even white bread is better than
a whole week did you know that you know why you know you better you better
think about it because you're both gonna be diabetic pretty soon what I have to
do with 853 votes excellent job Chris well thank you very much couldn't have done
it without you and you know the professor was asking the beginning of the show
when he finally came out of the closet after they told away his and his
real friends cars about how we're gonna do the show today without George right I
think we did okay and by the way they thanks you just sent me yes from the
radio yenta about George does this and don't send me anymore those that's the
same one we had earlier just either a radio yenta or somebody is looking
for us to promote some other radio station got to screw off mr.
anonymous there's nothing in the world worse than a radio yenta a radio
groupie you know the worst it's almost as bad as Stan Worthheimer there
casino maven remember that called Chris couple weeks ago and we're talking about
oh yeah I told them he told the government yeah now you know he calls like the
studio line also or not I guess the office line in here also why is that for
what like you'll bring up something and he'll already have been on the air so
he calls up to try to tell me something and I'm like I don't care just shut up
when I hang up on him but he does it all good nice work Chris hang up on his ass
he's like trying to explain things I was like why are you telling us buy and just
click on him but he still calls oh yeah you can he's one of those people you can
insult he's kind of like PD Lenny you can't insult him he just keeps coming back
it's like I told I told the story before it's very cruel when I was at Michigan
State summer school 1961 I was going to summer school because I fought out all
of my courses I didn't go to class I was busy drinking all night all right all
right yeah so they asked me go to summer school I did and a cat a straight cat came
on my way and for some reason I took it in I hate cats oh god and you know I'd be
taking a nap or something the cat would come up in bed next to me how a cat
like rubs itself up yeah oh eerie and I would pick the cat up and he'd
against the wall well that's not very nice and it would just keep coming back
there was nothing I could do and that's like PD Lenny and the Stanworth hammer you
can't insult them it's like most of these colors you can insult them because
they're gonna be there whether you want it or not and in most cases not well I
forgot to play the Mickey Mouse thing oh well for a nice lady what oh well what we
still got time for you all right now is there one of them that's like a two
minutes see that's the problem I have at the end of the show every day Mickey calls
Eisner I think that one just might do it
the best house
Eisner mr. Mouse what the hell are you doing to me what do you mean sir why am I
reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn well
sir we're just scouting locations Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me but
sir luckily we've done with New York City Times Square for now I can see
you know I'm
really
really
put it all back to you plan and rain us get that blue bird on it here okay boss
Eisner but sir luckily we don't admit down manhand 42nd Street is
incredible I don't know what publicly I supported that but you took all the
point away you're killing me I'm going through a gabbos comp like kids we're just
scouting areas calm dad what's the need but much don't tell me to calm down we got
lucky with reloading stitch 128 million dollars now you're trying to ruin the whole
minute work what kind of programming are you running hang on a minute
three minutes yeah you've got blue bird crap all over your showler
bring yourself up for heaven's sake and head off the module cleaner
okay boss but god sir the network is fine why couldn't you come up with American Idol good
god you're still running James Bob movie they're 60 years old why don't you just put
steam boat really on and be done with it we found make a couple of damn dollars
well the movie division's fine you mentioned we were in stitch and now we have the new
and now chumelon movie coming out later this time what the hell does that mean stop
sign yield sign you've got to expect swing in some of these titles past me please
oh
know you can hear me
you're still running
the
room
you're
all right
I sir yes sir I'd be very careful the next time I started my car why were you
what do you mean sir I'm about done with you what bad done sir
I'll put hand a storm in your job but sir you're terrible sorry maybe I put
limits in there I do like to be president of Disney Remus
oh my what a wonderful day get out of here you nut bag hey hey hey I like
a screen to go miss out hello by the way I have a safe 50 for all though
click
risk
