The music's pressed on the music.
Oh, not your-
Jerk Street.
Did he really say that?
Uh-huh.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
I do not know.
Are you trying to write a movie?
I myself shot the movie in800 reactor,
Free for the work mission or any other movies like
3000會 pronunciations
Next time it is worth.
For the rest of the movie I would ever recognize
I view what e-mail is e-mail updates
and that I see the piano skills
Men get pen니kels
I'll say goodbye
The video is vídeo
VRY
TV
Read the movie
The Lord said, let there be light and law.
There was light from the same people who brought to the much beloved talking Bible.
Comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s.
Jair's it the wrapping Bible.
There was dark everywhere than the man said.
Light and the light was there. He said, I've done good. There's no doubt.
On the seventh day he just chill out. Genesis. Genesis. Beginning of that. Beginning of this.
Finally, the good book is that. And his word is that.
Check it out. There's a town called Sodom and Dora. Everybody's body like no tomorrow.
God looked down said, now my fault. Don't look back or you turn to song. That's white sugar peat. Start at the freak.
The cow came up and they cut sheep. They go like y'all. I'll beat y'all.
Imagine all the song, all the peribos, every sacred, difficult word interpreted by the finest sugar in the youth of all time.
Genesis. Genesis.
The wrapping Bible. Making his word fresh again.
10101 at 560 WQA. I'm happy Wednesday too. No holiday today. No special events.
Although we do have a Curtis and Danny canal for the mad dog at four.
And we got the high school grid on reported eight. Wow. Well, we've got some real direct for it today.
Anyway, speaking of that. So Mo did not get fired at service. That was just not going to be rumored that.
Many Mooneos or whoever was sending 80 million emails yesterday.
I'm not. Yeah. Greg Budell. It was the fake Greg Budell.
Right. They've never heard of. I had to explain that. That to them.
Yeah. Dave. Dave Hagen never heard of a Greg Budell. Even the real one.
And of course who the hell did whoever heard a Greg Budell.
Okay. Let's before we do anything else. Take a look at the poll result as it stands right now.
And it's good. As soon as we get to a thousand, we're changing it.
You're going to like the one for tomorrow. For later.
Mm hmm. I could at least tolerate an insult to my intelligence.
186. We got 907 on there. How much you got fat boy? What do you see on there?
Oh, let me refresh. 910. 10. 911. 911.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
At least tolerate an insult to my intelligence. 186 kids 101.
Now, see, I'm the one that put kids on there. You see that?
Mm hmm.
Late edition and it zoomed up to number two.
Family 82 spouse 80 penis size 56. Mama 52.
Yo mama performance in bed 47. Wait 33. Looks 28.
Ethnicity or race 25. Beer preference 23.
Political preferences 23. Religion 23.
Don't be knocking my freaking religion. My bubble. My C's okay.
Sexual persuasion 21 line of work 20. Gangs.
17. We got 17 gang members out there. Yo, yo gangsters.
Disabilities 16 income level 12 native country 10 choice of car.
I drive eight. Taste in women or in men seven depending on your thing sports team
preference six breast size five gender four state or region four native language
four fashion style for name four school or college three.
Be true to your school of school and a height three out of 900 11 vote 911.
Now, just before we got out of here yesterday, there was an email that came in but I didn't have time to read it.
I was already finished.
Mm hmm.
I could spend the whole four hours today just ranting on about the emails and the whole thing.
I mean, and don't get me wrong. The the hostile ones, the critical ones, the crank ones and they're all crank.
Yeah.
Yeah, the entertaining ones are cranks, which is fine.
It's material. It's funny stuff.
I enjoy them tremendously.
Ain't like Lucas yesterday with a phony name and phony address and phony phone number and phony identity.
Phony BS.
So just before the end of the show yesterday, I get this Jim DeFeedy is back.
Now, I'll give the audience 600 choices who you think sent this to me.
Jim DeFeedy.
Yeah.
I mean, I know for years there have been a lot of really desperate people in the market looking looking to me to promote them on a year.
And I have no problem with that, but it's just when you do it yourself, it's like the day that Rich Pactor sent me a copy of a letter to the editor he sent to the SunCendela.
And I hope I'd read it on a year.
That was last week you run vacation.
Oh, sorry. I missed that.
Yeah. By the way, that rap in Bible, that was just the first of many, many old predictable bits. I'm playing the plan.
All the oldies today.
Good.
If you don't like it, your mama Jim DeFeedy is back. Jim DeFeedy is absent from the radio waves the past four months.
Returns Monday afternoon on four Lauderdale talk station WFTL 850 on the AM dial. A station that's got a point just about all day.
James Crystal Radio. In other words, real losers. Steve Laffa.
Like Norma can't say anything Steve Laffa touches turns to instant processed Schmidt.
Jim DeFeedy's new show run Monday through Friday, four to seven PM. His two years did a W.I.N.Z. ended in September when he and the station couldn't come to an agreement on new contract.
An on-compete clause in his old contract kept him off the air, but it's expired now.
DeFeedy says he hooked up with WFTL because no other station in South Florida is committed to local talk as WFTL.
And let's face it, living in South Florida, we should all be committed. He said.
Oh, with humor like that, he should go really far. He sent this to me himself.
The real Jim DeFeedy's to promote his new show on WFTL starting four to seven on Monday.
Oh, I'm assuming on Monday. I don't know whether it's next Monday or maybe he's already on there. I don't know.
I don't think so. Is that pathetic or what?
It's typical. It's exciting. It's sad. They always do. Like begging.
Please, please. I know they know you'll promote them. Look at everything you did for footy.
Yeah, I tried. You did. Not the only one. I tried. Don't blame me every day.
Oh, here's the fake Greg Budell says I got a hold of Dave Hagen. Mo is still working part time on Sirius, but they still hate him like Poison and have a good show.
That's not what Dave Hagen told George. That's right. Fake Greg Budell.
That's not what Dave Hagen said. They've said Mo is on his best behavior. He hasn't pissed anybody off up there.
And he's working. So up yours, fake Greg Budell. It's got to be Johnny Dork.
You hear they're coming to take care. I heard that. I see it right out my window.
Here's a poll suggestion. What topics in George not be allowed to discuss during Neil's vacation? And by the way, believe me.
Believe me what I tell you, we need lots of help on these emails this morning. I came in here where there were 20 of them.
And there wasn't one that was like a real email. It was like, Oh, I mean, I served by John. I need help to locate $3.6 million to put in your account.
And like that, I keep winning the Nigerian lottery. And then I'm also getting fake American Express stuff on this email.
Do you think American Express would be emailing me for all on this? And of course to to blank to no name to whoever, which is almost as good as to undisclosed recipients.
That that's what I get. So we need some real serious activity there besides sending me links to articles or just articles, which have had several this morning.
And they immediately get deleted. I don't want articles. Okay. Unless it's something like Earth shaking, unless it's like the end of the world.
Right. What topics in George not be allowed to discuss during Neil's vacation? His miserable marriage, his drug use, his hatred of his mother, his vastectomy, his forced and and or smegma problem.
His time roller skating, his favorite TV shows, Simpsons and Family Goy, his hatred of Israel, his sexual escopades at Swinger clubs, his pathetic salary, his younger years is born again Christian and his Cuban self hatred.
I'm not doing that pool. There are a lot of things on there that I never discuss. Well, you bet there's some ideas for you.
Oh, here's the fake Greg B. Deligan. I missed jerk, jerk street. Did you hear him? No, I did not. Nor would I listen to it. Nor have I got an interest in jerk, jerk street.
Fake Greg. I think fake Greg B. Deligan is either man in the moon, you know, is or fat boy. Cry not not not our fat boy. Jeff. Hi, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I
Knee's excited to get a set to know you. We go, a fan, we go, a fan, we go to your
RGM does. Besides school, everything up. Taste the time yesterday to send me a
Psychotic email. Oh, I didn't give anybody your email address, but if you want me to I will
Overgrown child
Joe Feinberg and him were a perfect match. They kept exchanging hostile psychotic emails back and forth. Remember those days? Oh, yeah
Joe Feinberg at least had enough common sense and decency to like step away
Step out just walk away. That's right. That's what you ought to do, jolly Joe
Just walk away one day people come in and your office is empty and you're long gone. Oh
God would there be a celebration all corners of the universe. There'll be a gigantic celebration
The evil this man hath wrought in this place
So anyway, here's the email address kneel at nearodgers.com if you have anything to say whether you're crank or real or whatever
It doesn't make any difference just to send it along
Because now that the election is over it's really oh
Here's young young young young young
Breaking news Jim DeFetus
I don't understand. Well, this is Thursday, August 21st. I
Don't get it
Jim DeFetus is abruptly quit his afternoon radio show on WFTL
He is held down the four to seven p.m. Since January after leaving W. Y.N.C last year
The fetus was on the air yesterday. It says and an email to random pixels he wrote. I will I will
Oh, I left WFTL today. He didn't elaborate. I followed up and asked him to read comment further
Who knows maybe he's going back to W. Y.N.C.? Like this is important like somebody really cares about Jim DeFetus
And then there's an email Jim DeFetus responded by email
Which this is definitely not the same Jim DeFetus email address that I had
Hi Bill. Here's what I'd say about my time at WFTL. It goes on and on and on
We don't care you don't belong on here in the first place you fat. So you tubby you don't belong on the air period
And
Now here's an article from a CNN some crack
Of absolutely no use or interest to anyone in the universe and that's it. That's the emails
So an experiment that I thought was going smashingly well and was going to be really phenomenal
It's it's another bomb because South Florida people have got nothing to say about anything. Yeah, that's right
So luckily luckily for me I got just a zillion really good articles I go back to bedtime stories
Or of course there's always the phone we don't have all day if league. It's really psychotic when I take calls
Does it any Chris? Oh, he loves it. No, he does not he thinks it's great
He's always tells you to take the calls. No, he does not he does
Now when are you leaving? Oh Friday no, I don't mean for one day. I mean when you leaving the show I'll see you later
Come I'll go get a flee for you. No thanks
It's not that he's a bad guy. He's just got nothing to say and he's got that
Torpy voice
Like that we got enough of that on here already
We got the big O2 to 4 today in spite of just gigantic protest. They're masked all the way down to a laquipa
All the way up to a laquipa 4 to 7 it's Curtis and Danny canal mad dogs taking one of his 8 million days off
And so we got Curtis and Danny canal. We like Curtis a lot. What's Danny can now doing on here? Another ex-joc
Dolphins tonight 7 to 8 high school a great eye and report 8 to 9 that gets at least a point oh minus 80 and then the ad a show and item in night
Which could say oh point something maybe in this trend he'll break a two share at night. You think no
You finally broke a one last in the book
Aren't you proud of good old EA?
How much your every day he thinks about look at that no items in this view no items in this view
I'm the email thing
Outrages absolutely and we get Jim DeFetus. I see it so now it doesn't make any sense
The email that I read maybe that was another fake
You think I don't I don't really care. I mean, you know with something to read, you know
Jim DeFetus is back and it's dated Tuesday November 11th at the day to the yesterday and it's from him allegedly
Returns Monday afternoon
Of course this could be dated way back. Yeah way back when he came back
So who the hell knows what the date was on this Jim DeFetus
Two and a Monday and see if he's anywhere in the dial and let us know nobody will care trust me when I tell you
And look at that phone. I said we might take a few calls. You see anything happening on the phone boy
What oh there is one I
Get the feeling we're like in the middle of a death now what that a Q.A. M death radio
That one that was good one that was special even the real one. Oh
I
All the retardos all the time
Look at that phone I
Said those emails right yeah here crickets. I think Lucas was right
Time to step aside
Oh look at the time instead of getting a vasectomy Georgia. They've gotten neutered ha ha ha says Anthony ha ha ha Anthony
Wow, I'll say that for later
Neil they keep adding nights now four sold out shows at the Hard Rock in January
Miami loves Billy Joel and Billy Joel loves Miami now he spends most of the year living in Miami Beach
I know that you love Billy Joel and we'll be there all four nights. I can't stand Billy Joel. I won't be there at all
Better him than me. Don't you just love Billy Joel like some of his older stuff. I don't
1015 is five I like him about as much as had a sign and said mission accomplished as much as him
It just keeps getting bigger
Riley stole my
Like the park in his face
That's where he think what gives him the right
Oh, I think his wife what up bite it off tonight
Riley stole my
Distraised to the human race
But that wheel of meat should also include
I like a part in his face. I can help
1020 I haven't lost it 10 20 at 560 WQM the audience has lost it though boy. They're disappearing today. They pulled a vanishing act
Can you believe it look at that phone man? There's not a single there's not even a tickle on it. Right
There's no trickle or trickle weekdays. Do you see there here? It is in the middle of the week
Yeah, Wednesday the 13th the 12th whatever the hell it is. Mm-hmm somewhere after the 10th
Happy birthday, Neil be lit and somebody just sends me another article which I already have about Miss Foley. I got it in my pile
Don't send me any more articles don't send me any links don't send me any attention say something
Yeah, Anthony who thinks he's really funny who won the election?
I've been hiding in my mom's house scared the old man would win while the old man didn't win
So it's safe to come out now Anthony on second thought back in in the closet 948 on a pool
When we get to a thousand and we're gonna change to that other one for the other one is good the most tedious personal hygiene routine for you
You like it even George likes it George usually is very very indifferent about the pool
WQA am hello, hey Neil yeah, I'd like to see a
Good based on what I did during the elections. I basically
I got I have an easy young needs and I was pushing her to go the home of Kate the the pale in way, you know what I mean?
But the old time I was secretly
supporting Obama I
Don't know if anybody else did that, but I I took it all the way pretty dirty
Yeah, how about you did take it pretty all the way pretty dirty?
I mean, you know about the racism and yeah, yeah, yeah get out of here. Not job. He took it all away pretty dirty
With his young knees
WQA Q a.m. Hello
Neil there are people start here listening to how are you? I'm okay. How are you? Well first of all I
Want to raise the Miami, but today is the work day of the year because Sarah Palin is gonna spend three days here
Bewing her crap. Well, you know, why don't we just forget about Sarah Palin? I feel like I'm sick and tired of her all right. Oh
Yeah
Okay, is that an order?
What do you just say your George gets stoned? Oh, like don't rush me WQA. I'm hello
Yes, good morning. Good morning, sir
Yes, you were talking about less Paul yesterday. I wasn't able to get in but he still performs every Monday night up in Manhattan
I'll be damned he's a little bit 92 or 93 still plays every Monday night
I know we had that we had that on here
He does an amazing performance he works a little blue these days as I used to say
He works a little a little blue. He's a little blue. Yeah, he plays dirty music. Yeah, he's a dirty old man basic class
It's good for him. I like him better now and he's not ashamed of it. We're good
Thanks to the good news
W
I'm your friend. Yeah, WQA. I am hello
The economy's in the gutter for closures at all time high our school stuff that's going to be stated for the Martin
WQ I am hello the morning, mr. Rogers. Yes, sir if you get a chance try to watch the frontline from last night
Lee outwater the dirty politics Iran for the bush
Bush 41 campaign. No, what a butt plug. He was
I know that okay. I already know that been there done that
You know the elections over I hate to break the news to the elections over those of you people like to want to continue
Wallowing in the eight years of misery under Bush and Cheney and those of you want to continue
Hakan a China about Sarah Palin just keep just keep going to the mirror and stand there and talk to yourself
Bapapapapa, because I'm burned out on it. Aren't you way before it ended?
I was broke. Oh my god
I was saying that a couple days before the election. Let's get it over with already, you know enough
Oh two Sid Rosenberg's fiery ports. It must be so important. It's been sent twice by Rod Wow
Sid was saying how much he thought you sucked and
Can't understand why anyone would listen to it even though he was pretty up to that and everything you were doing on the show was still using the
Something drop two
The Roy oh the Roy drop
And he's using our drops Roy we don't really care go ahead said it doesn't help by the way
You still suck and you still got no numbers
Even when they get an upbook he still gets a two-shear no way that's why he talks about me
He thinks I'm gonna like go into a big thing about him forget it go back to New York said we hate you
Here's Carlos
It says I started listening to a show during IOD years when Henry was colleague of yours spelled very badly
I've just returned to Miami also spelled wrong after a long sabbatical of sorts
But I must say thanks to the internet no matter where I can hear the show
Thanks for all the last and related Feliz cumpleyanos
On you know better late than never one question
Why do you lower than to stay in the dolphin so much?
I know they've been in a downward spiral as a blade
It's got nothing to do with that if they won every game. I hate them even worse
But is there anything about the team that tickles your fancy? No
Keep the faith fight the power and made the force be with you says somebody Carlos
Thanks Carlos. I hate the the fish now if they had a drafted Brady Quinn
But they didn't draft Brady Quinn because Brady Quinn is rumored to be gay. I think that's what it was all about probably
Well, here's a poll suggestion. I would like to see Neil a state QA for many more years moved to another local A.M. Station
Move to a local FM station
Move to satellite radio go away work two shows a day like big O get a real agent so we can earn what he's worth
Buy the station you can do what the show he wants to do do a television again
When big at the slots and say bye bye bye and who's Neil? Oh, God
They they left some options off there
Grunt wings and fly shoot lasers out his eyes. I mean there's a lot of really shoot lasers out my ass
Yeah, there you go laser
60 Q a.m. I think for it's leave get a life
Oh
Talkers what are we gonna do? I say talkers. We are all being screwed. I say live there
Why is this happening to us? We want the MCC to get a
I don't like
There's no place for us now even DJs are all down in the mouth you can listen
But now you will find any words that will carve your mind
No fun to be
FCC no fun to be
FCC
There'll be nothing left or up to enjoy we'll soon be playing with children
For your fun to be then for body of
No, your fun to be then for body of
They want us to be clean they think they know what we should feel they try to dictate to us. What is real?
Young at all
Listen to us. I think
Please don't put up a bus
Oh, but petition
The FCC but you
Can't do it all by himself let's help him don't put it up on the shelf let the FCC
No, just how you feel and maybe we'll get this
We'll
Do
All rating
In fact, they might die because of the FCC
You want to ban what we can do and see if you then what we can say
You've even tried to ban the record
That the DJ's
People I
I
Think
Let's stand and fight for what's true spend your letter
Into so far so we can tell the FCC what the end of the
Arneal Roger and so far are on your side
We have nothing too hard young and
Get your opinions out and maybe the FCC will stay out
FCC
In the morning now
In the evening now no one knows what words drive them insane
We are the FCC to
FCC
Go away
Get off our path
FCC
Let's live our lives
For real
FCC
Why are you going to backcase of the grip?
FCC
Let's get that bacon
Go away
Go away
I love it
Oh yeah and I was thinking you're going to get a kick out of this maybe
I was thinking back to those days at INZ and they did that for the show just like that wasting away in Hellenville
Right where there's a little little thing where you hear the phone ringing in the background on that bit and this one
I'm trying to think of who the people were who were involved in recording stuff for the show back then we actually had people do creative stuff right Frank ex-Locato
Excuse me
That was the guy's name
But the dump that?
No
Okay just the export
Okay
So I googled him to see it I mean this is in years ago and I'm thinking geez my memory is as sharp as a a Maceball
Frank ex-Locato
He was a political maven he also did a thing about Ronnie Reagan's surprise supply side economics blues
God I wish I still had that that was a great sound sounds really familiar the Ronnie Reagan supply side economics blues
Why wish we had that
So I googled him and wait till he heard this letter
Okay
From the secretariat of state from the Vatican July 5th 2003
Dear Mr. Locato I'm writing it the direction of the Holy Father to express his thanks for the compact discs which you sent him on the occasion of his birthday
July 5th that's my mother's birthday
He wishes you to know how appreciative he is of your thoughtfulness and devoted sentiments his holiness assures you and your loved ones of his prayers
He invokes upon you God's abundant blessings
Sincerely yours my senior Tomaso Caputo chief of protocol at the Vatican
Caputo
Don't we have a Caputo who did who's the Caputo in the market in the Mar a radio guy or the stock market like a traffic person or something I
Don't know I know Caprito not Caputo not Caprito Jesus you think the Vatican is giving blessings to Dave Caprito and he generate like that
He's Italian that's true they like the generous they like gangsters too
And they like Miss Foley as well I'll get to that story eventually I got a pile
Oh Pennsylvania teachers they'd said Obama would be shot in his class
Post F. Bob Scarborough placed on seven day delay seven second delay
Supreme Court to your ten commandments companion monument case about some of them
Did you hear of some of them no I heard a solid 1975 by some of them
Bonam Aman Ra or quirky Ra Nate cloud quirky nor well excuse me and counter with summa individuals was that just some sort of a Latin spell you just decided there what the hell is that I read it now how great article here you're long very long where the hell is the thing about
Mark Foley oh here it is US representative Mark Foley reveals the demons he faced after being abused in churches a child by the fathers are
Deva priests by the priests that's right
I know it's an isolated case that that was taken another dump all not as bad now it looks like it's coming back it was down to it and
Third oh it's no I'm wrong 281 oh
Almost 300 points down to 8,413 oh boy oh one happy day
Now J.Y. R.O. 26 who just chronic his hell and never sends anything really interesting sends me this
I'm not a the 2008 presidential election phony conservative Alice Rantel and I'll see it voted for Barack Obama citing Zanger Yadeh nobody cares about that okay J.Y. R.O.
Nobody cares anymore about Alice Rantel
Now the fake Rick Spider-Man though on the other hand a lot of people care about Rick with his his head that's Rick Spider-Man
Neal did you do you hear from your friend or good friend Craig worthy no I don't Nick Lawrence is still a malcontent
He's probably friends with George best regards Rick
Now I guess we're gonna get a lot of those today
I'm sure hey why not you tell us gonna fade into oblivion now that we're on to his phony antics about
About Mo picking on poor Mo. Oh, he's still there, but they hit him like boys and that's what now what Dave Hagen told George Dave Hagen give us the inside story
About how Mo is on his best behavior and doing a fine job up there and he's still working and everybody stays away
So they don't hate him right Rick Spider-Man follows up. He says Phil Henry is a slime ball
Slime ball are you sure I hated when he did my voice
He stabbed you and Rick and suds in the back. You always have a home here Neal says Rick. Oh, I'll pass Rick the fake Rick Spider-Man
Those are the days the lightball baby. Oh my god Norma can't
Mr. Ego Rick Spider-Man all of us Steve's
Underlings you know they all had their own underwear and underlings
There was Alice Knight with Craig
Hey Alice you fairy. Wow
And Joyce Kaufman she came along with the later I guess
The lightball
1400 WFTL that was when WFTL was like something else and now it's like six sports stations and it's 850 on there
And the gym to feed a story was from January 1st of this year or January 7th something like that
Now why would he send me that old story again try to trip me up?
I don't know it's an old story not that anybody cares nobody cares then and nobody cares now
Fats oh God
Now didn't he supposedly like do a
Astaphing or something like that lost 600 pounds still weighs 2000 now I don't know Jim DeFetus
He made Dave game look like a
Little Pusion like a midget
That's how gigantic Jim DeFetus was and they put him on TV
But they didn't realize that not everybody's got a wide screen TV the Dow is down 300 points
There's Henry Paulson on CNN going
Bip-hip, you know
And George made a good point to me before the show is he was whining and rightfully so I'm not knocking you're whining rightfully so sorry about that paid off
Dude isn't oh, big time
But a and not in other words anybody oh, I love the old bits your blanks is mr. Radio
Oh, you sounded like a vintage neo rodgers the past couple of days
I need to critique for mr. Radio stick it in your ass mr. Radio
You had us in stitches. I think George has been a problem
He sounds like he doesn't want to be there bring someone else in I'll produce your show if you want go to hell
Mr. Radio take a red hot poker and stick it up to your neck
The best talent is the mad dog Jim Mandit afternoon sport a seven sports radio five sixty Q a M the sports leader
Meal
It's just these guys nicked suds and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in
They're just like them like that they were on the year what caught the weed and they're high and they're
I mean it's terrible
The years that I've been looked at listening to six ten and Anna's here
It's
To get
Oh
I'm just drawing a show.
Joyce is a fake attorney.
You don't know nothing about me.
Absolutely.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh, they had your thoughts.
Joyce went to get to the law school.
But it won't stupid had a fraudulent term.
And it's not a big deal.
It's not a big deal.
It's not a big deal.
Joyce won't let me.
Joyce won't let me.
Oh, Joyce won't let me.
I don't want to hear any more.
It's not about me.
I'm not a bad show.
I'm taking a prisoner.
It's not about me.
I'm just drawing a show.
It's not about me.
Joyce won't let me.
You know we can't pay no price.
I don't want to pay no price.
I don't want to pay no price.
I don't want to pay no price.
Maybe that's why she ignored me.
WQYM, hello.
Yes, can I speak to you?
Yes, I can speak to you.
Speak to what?
Zach.
Zach.
What do you want?
Zach here.
How you doing?
Go get us.
This is our friend.
Yeah.
I'm in the hospital, but I'm stepping out right now.
Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
We hear the fake voice.
What did you say?
I said, yeah, how you doing?
I'm good.
The fake voice deserves a name.
I hear two people talking at one time.
Two people talking at one time.
With the real voices, not a fake voice.
What can we do for you?
About what?
Drugs.
It's a drug deal.
About what?
It's a drug.
It's a drug.
It's a drug.
Well, you're in a hospital.
You ought to be able to get all the drugs you need.
That's right.
Just pull them right in.
That's right.
Just pull them in the grip.
Go check out the old cabinet.
Just like in Godfather 3.
Remember the nurses were having like a New Year's party or a Christmas party?
Mm-hmm.
And the guy, the assassin with a dark black thing, comes in there.
And all of a sudden, all of his army people, who are the government people?
I thought that was the bulletproof pillow.
Damn, it's not the bulletproof pillow at all.
I like that color, though.
He was good.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
What's going on?
What do you got?
Um, well?
Yeah.
Just wanted to see, uh, see how you doing.
Listen, uh, looking for a long time.
Mm-hmm.
Well, uh, don't have any material, really.
Well, then, don't call.
If you don't have any material, don't call.
It's as simple as that.
Very simple.
You know how I'm doing, because you're listening to the radio.
You hear the sound of my voice.
I'm still alive.
I'm still, you know, uh, crazy old fag.
That's it.
You don't need to call and ask me how I'm doing.
How are you doing?
How are you doing?
How you doing?
I want to talk to you, I want to talk to you, Zach, about drugs.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Jolly Joe sends me...
This is the fake Jolly Joe.
Not the real one.
Okay.
Neil, we are getting complaints that the stream from yesterday is having problems.
Are you aware of this problem?
Can we get this fixed?
ASAP, thanks.
Jolly Joe.
No, we don't care about the stream.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Meja, mora, mora, mora, mora.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
So, what is it that you disagree with when the people send you emails telling you that your shows are relevant, that you're washed up?
What is it that you're...
Let me ask you a question.
Let me ask you a question, my orange-carts friend.
Are you listening to the show?
Yes, I am.
And why is that?
Because I listen to it.
That's why I...
You know if I'm washed up in the show sucks, why are you listening to it?
I listen to your show.
Do you hear me?
Do you hear what I...
I hear you.
And?
And I'm listening, yes.
So, what is it to you?
Do you have a problem of me listening to your show?
Yes.
What's your problem?
How old are you?
150?
Oh, that's funny.
That's all you can talk about now.
How old people are?
Yeah, that's right.
I'm going to record and believe me on a teenager compared to you.
Go put your teeth in and go gum some lunch.
You...
Oh, pervert.
God.
Just listen to the sound of that voice, my guy.
And people...
Wonder why I don't want to come back down there?
My God.
You make me feel like an infant, not a team of group in the infant.
Maybe you disagree...
You're Alta Kaka man.
You should only croak a wicked thing.
Oh.
But have a nice day.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Can I have Christmas Eve?
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
How'd you retire?
Your show is so still.
I know, just like your voice.
Yeah, God, I know.
God.
Stay like last year's Halifah, go eat some.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
I want to be the millions that voted for change this last election.
One of the things that worries me is reports that say, well, for example,
Bush receives all these daily reports.
Now that Obama's starting to get these, do you think that now that he sees what's actually going on,
he might start backpedaling or changing his mind about certain issues?
Because again, these candidates do say, you know, we're going to do this, we're going to do that.
I'll tell you what.
But they don't see what the president has done.
You see the movie and the exorcist? Have you ever seen that?
Yes, sir.
And you know the scene where Linda Blair closes the...
She opens and closes the drawer.
Yeah, I know.
And he says, do it again. And she says, in time.
That's my entity, you, sir, in time. We'll find out.
I don't have a crystal balls.
How are we doing on the pool? By the way, the Dow is down to $259.
I'll keep your breath to that. Henry Paulson says the bailout must support
securitized loan lending for auto student and credit card loans.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but George was saying, little people who are in trouble,
nobody is going to help them out.
Right.
People who are responsible, people have been paying their bills.
But if you're a deadbeat and you bought a house that you couldn't afford and you knew you couldn't afford it.
And they made you some kind of a bogus horse ball loan.
Right. Then the government's going to bail you out.
If you're rich and you manage your business, that...
If you're responsible business that's been doing like AIG.
How do you like that?
More and more of these bonuses and trips and...
Trips, yeah.
These trips to these spas in Arizona.
Yeah.
And Lou Dobbs.
You know something I noticed last night, Lou Dobbs has got 122 teeth.
I never noticed that before.
Really? Like a shark?
His bottom teeth are like real small and real tight.
He must have like 99 bottom teeth.
Maybe he's a great white shark.
And he's a pretty tall shark because he's angry.
Lou Dobbs is angry on CNN with that big fat bulb of his hair.
If you look in the mirror and so I had 10 times bigger than the rest of your body, you'd be pretty angry too.
Let me tell you.
Freaking Lou Dobbs.
Go kill some Mexicans, Lou.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah.
Yes.
So I don't know if you heard this word when Bush was trying to compliment the Obama County or Dresden the other day.
I use optimal and a travel account now.
Let me make a suggestion to you.
Okay.
Okay.
Elections over.
Go find a hobby.
Go play par cheesy.
Go play an opera.
The elections over.
Wow.
It's all over.
We went in a landslide.
The good guys won.
It's over.
Give it a rest.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Yes.
WIOD sucks.
Many munoz or many mokoz sucks.
You should hire a footy.
Become the Neil and footy show.
Oh, yeah.
That's just what you need to see.
How about that?
How about my back?
How's he doing?
Oh.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Little trinker there.
The angel Scarborough would have been proud of the end of that.
Wrong.
They make in Scarborough now do the show with a seven-second delay.
No other shows on MSNBC are doing delay, by the way.
They're not even doing Tom Delay.
Oh, here's one from Joe.
Not related.
Not Joe Bell.
I'm so burned out on the election, Sarah Pailin, etc.
Just like the election, the focus on celebrities comes and goes,
such as Britney Spears, Paris Sulton, Brad Pitt.
But Jennifer Aston sees Manly, an Aston's manly face.
Never goes away.
She's pasted on every tabloid cover.
And whenever I log onto the internet with a non-story attached,
are you able to play the car security system with a big black guy named Ben
and the white Jewish guy Yaddi Yaddi?
Thanks for not retiring.
Joe, not Joe Bell.
Well, thanks, Joe.
There's one.
That's it.
That's all we got in there.
Slim and grim on the emails today, boy.
Slim and grim.
And that's because our good friends aren't coming through for us.
You know, Greg B.
No, I thought I'd say Greg B.
No, it was going to be like, and I thought the fake fat Chris would be sure.
To be back today with lots of stories.
Fake Jolly Joe sent us one, but it was pretty weak.
Fake Rick Spider-Man, I thought was like starting.
How about the fake, what's your name?
Who?
Joey's Kaufman.
Oh, we have a fake Joyce Kaufman?
Not yet, but I'm saying why don't we get one of those?
You better get those sensible shoes.
Why?
You wear those big round-toed sensible shoes?
Does she really?
Oh, yes, she does.
And she's a Haitian man, or Jamaican, or something like that.
Is she?
She's an island's bitch.
What the biggest name?
The best out of you.
This is Neil Rogers, sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
Oh my God.
This is your brain.
Oh my God.
Any questions?
And now here's another exciting offer from Video Treasure Chest.
The hit game show, Jeopardy, is known as the thinking band's game show.
Famous for its low-key format and survey pace.
But that wasn't always the case.
In the original pilot called InJephardy, contestants' lives were actually at risk.
As this lost pilot episode shows.
Use your category, Bob.
I'll take US Presidents for 200.
US Presidents for 200.
Now remember, Bob, I'm pointing a loaded gun to your head.
From this point on, your life is InJephardy.
Should you fail to respond correctly.
I'll be forced to splatter your brains across the sound stage.
Preventing you from going on to the final InJephardy round.
I understand. Very good, Bob.
And the answer is.
A man with the Harryiest belly ever to occupy the Overlapus.
What the hell kind of question is that?
It's not a question, Bob. It's an answer.
Your response must be in the form of a question.
Well, that's stupid.
You have 10 seconds, Bob.
And why do you're pointing that thing?
I'm running out, Bob.
I don't know. I can't think the gun's making me nervous.
Five seconds, Bob. Please don't kill me.
Remember, Bob, you must answer in the form of a question.
What is, please don't kill me.
I'm sorry, Bob. That's incorrect.
Oh, God.
The correct answer is. Who is Millard Fillmore?
Who is Millard Fillmore?
Sorry, Bob.
The lost jeopardy, pilot. InJephardy, what is death?
Can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores.
Video treasure chest. We've got rooms in this ground.
Oh, speaking of the, uh, Dow.
I'm dying out of here.
Speaking of death, it's not almost 300 points.
Again.
Well, Henry Paulson is saying they're reassuring us
that they're going to bail out all the deadbeats.
It's an important step.
But first, he says, she's got a good email here.
It says, please tell me what incentive do we have to get up
and go to work every day, like fools.
When everyone else can stay home by expensive crap
they can't afford and have the government pick up the bill.
I quit, she says.
You go, girl.
Nicole.
I don't know why Nicole has an email that says first key.
But it's, it's cute.
First key?
Maybe she's frisky.
Oh.
This is very funny from yellow belly.
Neil, there's a reason that independently wealthy people.
People who have an income that doesn't require them to be in a specific place.
Choose to make South Florida their home or then any other place in a world by far.
And that's because it's the greatest place to live if you can afford it.
Right.
Will you stay there and I'll stay here?
Okay, yellow belly.
You turd.
The greatest place to live if you can afford it.
Does anybody with a brain believe that?
Does anybody who's ever been north of Palm Beach County believe that?
No.
No.
God.
The fake Woody Graybird is back.
He says, where is Fatsow today?
I guess you haven't been speaking up enough.
I'm sorry, I'll talk more.
Maybe he's home giving you to jolly Joe up the old shoot.
Says Woody.
The fake Woody Graybird.
I thought Woody was our friend.
He is.
The real, the real one, right?
WQAM, hello.
Good play out there, Neil.
Yeah?
Hi.
How you doing today?
Okay.
Okay, I just want to call and tell you that Joyce Kaufman is a Puerto Rican Jew person.
Yeah.
She doesn't agree with O'Connor.
I used to listen to her about that.
She started making me sick.
Mm-hmm.
Anyway, so I thought I'd be fine.
She hasn't belonged on here.
She's not a broadcaster.
Yeah, besides that, yeah, right?
She's like most of the people we have on here, not a broadcaster.
Have a great day, sir.
Get the mush out of your mouth.
Sound like you're two and on 85 marbles.
Mushmouth.
He sounds like Kenny Albert on a bad day.
I don't want to say Kenny Albert's a good example of nepotism, but you know what?
Kenny Albert's a great example of nepotism.
That was down 301.
Oh, boy.
And we got a thousand more votes on the poll.
Let's hear it.
Nice going, fact. Chris, now I can change it.
Say what?
Right.
I said we got a thousand and one votes on the poll.
And now I'm, I'm clicking on pull switch.
Pull switch.
There's the new one.
Nice going, Eric.
Thank you so much.
What is the most tedious, personal hygiene?
Routine for you.
And there are so many good choices on here.
I'm going to put shaving my face.
Hello.
Okay.
Now that they have for all these years, you know, edge and all those other fake edges.
And shaving is basically a piece of cake.
Oh, I did pick myself the other day on my chin.
Oh, I hate that.
Yeah.
It's still a bit in the ass.
Shaving?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
That's why I voted for it.
I'm sure it's not going to vote for all these other filthy things on here.
Like douching and stuff like that.
Those men votes on the poll that's exiting here, I could at least tolerate insult to my intelligence 210.
Like these collars today.
Oh, you think they're going to be all right.
That guy couldn't have been a day over a thousand, you know what?
He made Methusa look like a child.
Intelligence 210, kids 107.
Family 89, spouse 82, penis size 63, mama 58.
Save the drama for Obama and your mama performance in bed 54.
Way 35 looks 33 ethnicity or race 28, beer preference 27.
Political preference is 26 religion 25 sexual persuasion.
You fairy 22 line of work 20 gang 19.
You know, one thing you never hear anybody say is you damn had a sexual disability 19 income level 13 Native country 11.
Taste in women or in men 8.
Choice of car I drive 8 sports team preference 7 gender 6 state of region 6 fashion style 5.
Breast size 5 native language for height 4.
Name 4 school or college 3.
Be true to your school.
Got the new poll up there.
Do what shall read the other choices on there.
You might well, it might you know, entice some of these people to hop on it and the poll too.
Charlie B comes through this week with some good polls.
He took some time off to you know, unscramble his brains and come up with some really good ideas.
There won't be any more very soon.
I'm sure but nevertheless what is the most tedious personal hygiene routine for you shaving my face, douching, wiping myself clean after a douce,
squeezing hair, clipping nails, waxing or shaving body hair waxing body hair.
Oh my god.
You know who that brings to mind immediately.
That sick bitch bathing or showering cleaning out my ears shaving or trimming my pubes, brushing my teeth,
flossing, gargling, changing my tampon, emptying my colostomy bag.
That's it right colonoscopy bag.
Whatever.
I'll clean the smegma for my foreskin cleaning the lint for my belly button washing my hair blow dry my hair combing or brushing my hair.
The most tedious personal hygiene routine for Jews.
Well for Jews certainly not foreskin.
Shaving my face so far six there was an old lady at Woodbun a few days ago she had a mustache that even really.
Oh my god even Jeff rumor would have been proud of it.
The rimmester.
How about those leafs that they lost the dekeldry last night four to three they suck.
Go leaf go there's the game.
Here's count re now bringing it back in over the line working in this press with the press the center.
And it's deflected right on the doorstep into the crowd by Wayne Primo going hard to the net.
You big turd Wayne Primo he ain't no Keith Primo I'll tell you that that's his brother he ain't heavy he's his brother.
So I guess we don't want to hear any more hockey huh.
Even with my friend the great Joe Bowen 40 to reason murky today I'll tell you winter is here there's no snow yet but oh boy.
You feel that chill the big chill and you know what what I don't like it.
And you know what I really don't like is this damn standard time.
Now the first thing Obama could do is he could like make a presidential declaration and say that on January 21st the day after he sworn in we're going back to a daylight time all year round.
Now what's the excuse that we go back on standard time is it got something to do with the farmers or some damn crap like that back on the well that's the excuse for daylight savings time.
Yeah so excuse going off of it back to standard time.
I don't know it's dark like it for 15 430 here just make up their mind and stick with it.
Stick with daylight time man so at least we get a little bit of light and blade.
Who now needs it to be light outside at four o'clock in the freaking morning for Christ's sakes.
Right right and as far as some of those pan and he has little kids are waiting at the bus stop if it's dark out there in the morning.
Maybe a few of them get run over okay decreased the surplus population some of them are probably pretty pretty pretty kids anyway.
The Lord will sort it out the Lord will call them home.
Don't you love those when they call him home.
You religious people man you talk such garbage such nonsense it's just it's just enough to make me weak and just want to bend over and puke for hours.
The Lord call them home. He's in a better place now. Yeah in a box rotting the worms are eating him. He's in a better place now.
You should live so long cherish life because once it's over with baby you're dead.
You ain't going to have any way go in a hell you ain't going to purgatory. You ain't going anywhere.
Oh you'll see when you meet your maker. Yeah when you meet Marvin maker of Monticello raceway.
What a clown show by Brad Kramer wins a raceway last night. Nice going Brad hit him again.
Cut across the infield it might help once in a while.
Neil I love your show says Glendo thanks for paying the playing the old bits is there enough ready Quinn to go around.
I got him Glendo you ain't touching him.
Keep up the great work and dump Chubby Chris.
Oh that's the kind of spunk we like.
A little bit of emotion out there these people are dead.
I think they're spent from this election thing.
I know I am God.
Thank God I mean thank God number one that it was a we heard you say it thank God.
Yeah thank Neil God that it came out good.
Oh I'm the director of disaster management and safety environment department ministry and coat.
Divor from the Nesca Peter Hagaso.
Okay that's a good one.
Oh here's one from fake Chris good.
This is the kind of stuff we need.
If this email thing is going to work at all on this show otherwise we'll have to come up with something entirely different like messages in a bottle.
Fix the stream from yesterday so I oh this is from the fake flea.
I know because it's spelled FLEA.
Fix the stream from yesterday so I can hear my email right on the air you fat fat fat gauge you bag the fake flea.
Was there something wrong with the no idea.
We don't we don't really care in the archives.
Correct we don't we don't care the price is right and you take what you get in quick belly again.
Here's one from the fake fat Chris.
Hi Neil sir I can't be with you today.
Jolly Joe called me at 6 a.m. say he'll be in my home at nine after my parents leave with the jar of Chris go and a box of rubbers.
Jolly Joe used to enjoy bear backing meat but as a wild case of herpes I don't want to catch it.
What time does Taco Bell open to the meal is at 10 a.m. here's my order for today.
Two gorditas, two to lupas, not just with cheese and six off child tacos.
After eat I eat all of that I'm gonna oh no I can't read that.
Jolly Joe has asked me if he can give me a Cleveland steward you know what this is.
Yep.
Well Neil I should be back tomorrow hopefully my pimpley ass won't be sore from the pounding I'm taking from Jolly Joe.
I love you Neil I love for the day that you can oh no I can't read that.
I have to go now I have to go butter up my anus so it's tender for Jolly Joe by Neil fat Chris that is disgusting.
I bet you Joyce Brackham would be grossed out by that.
Joyce probably isn't listening to she's probably listening to tapes of no fart sounds.
Remember that?
Yep.
Can't play that on the air because corporate don't want it corporate don't want it.
Ain't no fart sound anymore.
Oh just a little taste just a little teeny tiny taste.
That's so good.
Yeah.
She blows she blows you know she blows.
She's probably the most popular fake attorney in town I would say.
Shaving my face is winning the personal hygiene pain in the ass 44.
The Dow is down 309 points.
It's a buying opportunity.
What's his name?
The best talent.
He's not with Neil I just.
Sport ratio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Howard David's a bitch.
I'll see here.
I ain't never said door.
I'm the very annoying.
About he saying door.
Yeah I ain't never said it.
The village is the nearest thing that I do to the door.
And they don't stay paid me by that.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I'm the very annoying.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never said door.
No door!
I ain't never said door.
Oh God.
I ain't never said door.
I ain't never Complet
I ain't never said god.
I ain't never nicо birding
Oh, I
1118 at 560 WQM happy Wednesday to it. Here's one from the fake Alice Rantel
It says Neil how could you say no one cares about me? No one KNOW. No
I've said I have you seen my ratings on KABC question my boy Alice was never this a literate before I
Dare say mine are better than yours. I've been enjoying your show lately
But why do you insult me is the W's news gravestone still standing at W. I. O. D. Al Alice
Don't know don't care Alice
Here's one from Luz
Oh
Please accept my belated birthday wishes. This is the 12th of November
What was your birthday Chris?
Mine December 29th
I'm talking about last year
December 29th. Well, happy birthday. Oh last year
No, I mean after a certain amount. I mean like a week. It's a week. Why? She's within a week. I think that's not bad
It's bad, okay bad
Hope your day was delightful stupendous and momentous. It was fine. I'm so glad you haven't quit the business
You my favorite radio personality of all time baby Jesus George is also a delight
Did you know that Gourmet Alice coming to Miami? He'll be giving a talk downtown tomorrow night
For those of us who are partial to angry profits. It's sure to be sure to be a great night out
Well, it may be but he the last couple times I saw Gour on TV
He's looking about at least 180 years old. He's not looking too good or speaking too good
He's like he's great, but nevertheless we know how he felt about that half silly half-witted bush bar
I can't wait to hear his take on Obama the weather mind is sparkling and lovely love and kisses Liz
Okay, Liz guess what Liz the birthday's gone and the elections over to I
Mean you know those of you people are want to continue you know enjoying it and reveling in it and
Self-congratulating and flage-lating go ahead, but I'm just burnt out
I'm a delight of the way turned out
I don't want to say I told you so, but I told you so and now we need to rest Jesus God all my oh just you Sarah on TV again yesterday
Who cares
God and then all this conversation about is she gonna run in 2012. We can only pray
Even the Republicans aren't that stupid they made the point on now your favorite show the Daily Show that she's taking big advantage of this
Vacuum this news vacuum right now boy anything fill a bill stick anything in there right now. That's right including her ugly push
God if that's the best they got one of the just close up. Let's have the week party back or something like that
Maybe no could start the
We're going to do it or the week we have a party mo
Marie says just a quick note to say
Thanks for all the great years of entertainment 20 years. I've listened to you
I owe it to you that I'm much more open-minded liberals as Marie. I only listen to NPR Bob and Tom and Neil God
I'm finally getting out of this toilet moving back to California
I will listen to you on the pewter have a great day. Neil. Thanks, Marie and
Congratulations are getting out of there even though I'm hearing a rumor that the people with the money you can afford to live anywhere they want
overwhelmingly live in South Florida, you know important people like Ricky Martin and Madonna
Jose can suck. Oh people like that
Important people not little people like me
Marty says I cut my own hair takes a little time. Can you add that to the pool? No?
I mean like shaving my hair. I do that too and that takes some time. It's it's you know the nuisance you want to put it on there?
whatever
No
I don't want it. There's already a hundred choices on there
Oh, here's one was was more in the GOP and John McCain's blame game not interested go away
Here's a spy report on Joe Bell. Oh, this ought to be good
The real mole now the real mole is flea believe me. He is a mole
You know that don't you nothing is a bad guy, but he's a mole
The minute he leaves that studio on the days when he fills in on this show. He's running over to Joe's orifice
Let's have plenty of the pictures he's taken. I wouldn't wouldn't surprise me
You better not pick your nose man. He'll be in there with a picture of it. I always speak my nose
Okay, here's what this one says. This is from the mole
Uncle Neil I wanted to give you a spy report on Joe Bell
I spotted him at the stadium diner having lunch yesterday with flea flea had a notepad. I overheard the following
Flea told Joe Bell that Neil and the rest of the crew are onto the secret love affair between him and fat Chris
He said also said even though it seems fake that the old man knows it's real
Flea went on to say that someone reported about the bloody diarrhea love canal and Chris's asless chaps and beef state tomato nipples
I heard Joe Bell say I love Chris and will never stop slamming his big fat cottage cheese ass
Joe went on to say it all started because Chris is my real informant
I've grown to love it when Chris gently puts my
Pimpley I can't say it in his plump rear now counting on you flea
Then Joe Bell ordered liver and onions while flea rubbed his cracked fat feet under the table
Then the thing I heard as I was walking out was flea asking to take Chris's places Joe's lover, but Joe said he prefers a bear over a tweak
But that a job under the table is not of the question strange, but true says the real mole
Stadium diners it's still there. I'm sure it is
It's one of those places that'll never go away
Go away
Yeah, let's play that again just so we can sure the go away
It's my favorite
73 votes on the new poll
Let's look at that outwardly express. Oh look at this. There's some stuff in there. Here's the freight Greg Vudelle
I've been helping
Program the new serious channel to the blend the people in the building can't stand mo including his co-host on late hits
I think they was afraid of something that George fearing the word would get back to mo
Says the fake Greg Vudelle
Hey
Uncle Neil I look to which Liz happy birthday for when she was 18 years old says Ed
Quit picking on a Liz okay, at least she cared enough to say something nice. Okay Ed chronic ed
Yeah, the people who could afford to live inside anywhere they want they come to South Florida so they can hear
Yeah, so the new people the notion whining and moaning
Growning all the old cockers gumming the food gumming the jello at that coconut creek seminal place my god
I wanted to go up to the counter and ask the
Ask the cashier am I old enough to be eating in here or what
God
I'm surprised they don't have like a a funeral
Parle were representative coming going table to table probably to a land office business
But wouldn't the president if I saw it very similar stiffs on the way out
Steve says while most of us struggle nationwide and again the higher-ups of the AIG corporation to decide to spend another half million dollars of bailout money on a three-day retreat and an
Extremely luxurious getaway including two-story townhomes for each person thousands on food thousands on recreation thousands on travel expenses and so on
This guy's almost as pissed off his Lou dobs
According to wired and the AP AIG spend over five hundred and sixty seven grand on taxpayer money the bailout money
It's supposed to help these companies get a leg up now AIG is asked for forty billion more more money for these money
Grubbing a host a little of the life that they want by most people suffer and do without
This is the kind of thing that needs to stop and stop immediately
I wouldn't expect the Bush administration to do anything about it
But I hope an Obama takes over this kind of a
Smetting will be stopped. I'm sick and tired of paying for other people's fun lots of nerve AIG's to Steve and you know what Steve you are
His name
No
He sure did he made all these
Baby
All these stories oh you're such a bastard you're such a heathen bastard Neil. Yeah, that's right. That's me. You got the right one
Let me thirty two at five sixty wq a.m. It's woodbind Wednesday
Maybe I'm gonna go there when I was a zillion dollars today and then Joe Belkins stick the whole place right inside his shoot
If Chris will permit
Move over Chris. Yeah move out of the way see you
Got a big delivery coming in there
Oh yellow belly says yes, there are more wealthy people here than anywhere else in the world
This is true all year round but especially in the winter
estimates are during the winter 80% of the wealth in the country and 40% worldwide wealth are controlled by those in this area
From Miami Beach through Palm Beach County
There's a big difference between visiting someplace and living there. It's fundification in Berlin
Italy etc but try actually living there and it gets old real fast
Well, you know what? I'm not gonna live there. I'm not gonna try living there
I'm living in Toronto when I like it real well and as far as people with money believe me
They got money here that hasn't even been printed yet
And as soon as they start printing it
So there's a guy that's all excited about being in South Florida. I guess that makes him rich
I guess sams is I heard you talking about moving back to South Florida. I hope you're a kidding. Yes, I am
For last many years
You continually talk about how
Nasty cold and bitter most of the people are in South Florida. That's right
I'd rather have cold nasty weather than cold nasty people
And of course you are absolutely correct sir
You always say the only people still living here are people who can't afford to leave
Again correct in spite of that last chronic emailor. Oh, what's his name yellow belly a turd
I moved here 10 years ago from northern California and if I had your cash, I certainly would be gone
Neil, there's no doubt you're getting older and it's quite possible
Synility could be setting in if you did move at least you could be you could party hard at the hard rock and the tracks
What's your real take on the subject?
That's my real take. I'm not going anywhere
Sam says p.s. I got a good feeling about the pants tomorrow night
The jets actually have a very good attacking defense and I think Matt castle will really struggle
He's got a bad feeling about the pants. I wish you all lots of luck
Well, you know what my life will go on winner lose
I'm not one of those people against
Psychotic about ball games. I wasn't happy that they blew the Super Bowl to the horseball giants last year
But nevertheless they had the game one and the defense took off last the minute and a half of that game, you know
Am I right fatso? Mm-hmm the defense took a c-estid last part of that game. Yep
Eli manning my ass. I know the giants are pretty good. I don't ask me why they bother me
And you know why they bother me because they're a New York team. I agree. Oh, it's phones ringing up and you know what it is? It's that package. I'll be back
I
Was ready this time
Now he's just answering the phone right he's not gonna go get that pack. I hope
Okay, hearing me say that you might just get that idea. What? Huh?
When he say something bad about me, I never that's right behind that. I haven't mailed it. I'm below
That's fine. I mean
No, just afraid that you were actually gonna go get that package instead of just answering the phone
No, I'm not gonna go get the package because I already told you I'm playing oldies today. They might on save the new stuff for tomorrow good
Oh, boy, I'm getting too old to be running in the other room
Uncle Neil says Scott one of the choices in the poll is wiping yourself clean after a douce
If douce is douce a typo or just
No, no, I'm just a dumb shmit. Don't know what a douce means. Oh my god. Well, Scott. I'm sorry. Don't listen to this show
Doesn't know what a douce made look at up in the urban dictionary here. Yeah, go look up Schmidt in the dictionary
97 votes on the second poll. What do you have on a first one a thousand and one thousand sum
He is so slow. Oh my god fat people are slow
I think one leads to the other didn't it wouldn't be by that. Well if you move fast you wouldn't be fast
I was down to 82 come on fat. So what do we have on the other one? Are you not gonna look? Yeah
I'll find it right
2001 I'm way ahead of you and 102
God, huh
And 102 said it means we got 1103. Yep 1103. It's only 1136 lots of numbers for that guy
It's just doing numbers Neil you're mailing it in that's right. I'm mailing it in
I'm mailing it in getting paid a lot of money to mail it in believe you me this week put a big fat check in the bank
Big and fat like a tubby there
Not that big or that fat
Loses back again. She says Ed can kiss my cute butt
I'm sorry. I was late but I happen to have a life unlike dorks like Ed. Oh, yeah, Ed is a dork Liz by the way
He's just chronic
Until I put the cabash on him in the beginning. Where's they're doing the emails? He was on it. This is Ed from poor Lutterdale
I'm sure
Over and over and over again
I've got a job in hobbies and parties and the husband and many other busy things to do
So Liz as a matter of fact I've got to get on the road in a few minutes
Which always makes me think of one of my favorite bits little brown coupe if you can play it for me
I'd smile all the way my next fabulous thing to do
Little brown coupe. It's old. I think it qualifies for the four. Oh, yeah, little brown coupe. It's my little brown coupe
I haven't played that in a right coupe stage
I do up my car and that's my Alex Brown
It has a hole in the trunk and a dent in the door
And you can see the road through the hole in the floor
It's my little brown coupe
I'm so proud with that guy
I'm so proud with that guy
It's an 82-curl only with one hazelight
So when it gets dark I can use my flight
With something breaks down
No, it's not hard to fix
I stopped taking failing wire
That's the trick. It's my little brown coupe
I'm so proud with that guy
It's so proud with that guy
I don't want to know how to drive a car before
But they handed me the keys when I got too short
I didn't let in enough to make you really flip
There's one more thing I got no blanks on it
It feels up with water on the rainy day
When the tape and the windows seems to work okay
The front wheels start to shake when I try to steer
And I can't get it out of second gear
It's my little brown coupe
I'm so proud with that guy
I'm so proud with that guy
It's my little brown coupe
I'm so proud with that guy
I'm so proud with that guy
It's my little brown coupe
What's the biggest name?
The best talent
You're with your projects
Sport Radio 560 QAM
The fourth leak
This is your brain
This is your brain on drugs
This is your brain being chopped up
It's by a finely honed meat cleaver
This is your brain in a blender
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili
Brains
Real food for real people
Some stations give you cash
Some stations give you car
But this station is going to give you more
Because this station is going to give you
A total human experience
That's right
We're going to change your sex
Change
Change your sex
See how the other half will live
Discover just why you were so lousy and bad
Guys, learn what it's like to ask for directions
Girls, see what it's like to be a jerk
And when you hear this sound
You as a call and we'll change your sex
Change
Change your sex
Winners of the sex change receive an all-in-spent pay trip to Sweden
Where highly skilled surgeons will rip out the genitals
Stop them in a plastic bag and shove in some new ones
Winners may keep their old genitals as a free gift
Employees of this station are not eligible to have the genitals ripped out free of charge
But must do so if they're on expense
You know you want to
So change your sex
Keep listening to me
16 to 9 at 5, 60 WMQ
I'm a happy Wednesday for you
It's wood buying Wednesday
Oh, Hattler, I'm going to be lucky today or not
Did I mention on the air that I was losing my ass yesterday
And I made a nice comeback and got my money back and broke
I don't think you mentioned it on the air
Well, I did
Losing my ass, my big fat
Oh, speaking of my ass
Can you weight loss system?
Stuart Knobb Slomber says
Question for fat Christmas
Well, I tell you one thing
The emails is you're making popular fat so
No, don't you think
God
Oh wait till you hear the new one from the fake Damon and Mendeleur on DA
Oh boy
This is from Stuart Knobb Slomber
High Neil, I'm going to Ramrods again with the roll in this evening
And what had no effects it was interesting joining us
Tell him to wear that firefighter outfit and the red gimp ball
See, Chris, I'm going to pulverize you tonight like Jo Bell never could
Sign Stuart Knobb Slomber
Meanwhile, Andres in Port Saint Lucy
Remember he told us the other day he was going to Port Saint Lucy
He was for his job or something
Today he says I'm dying over here
Portsate Lucy sucks
I'm dying over here
You know one retard in Port Saint Lucy
I don't even remember what his name was do you
Rage from Port Saint Lucy
Yeah, Greg
He did leave us with one good thing though
And hopefully when I say let left this I hope I really mean that
Yeah, that was it that was his contribution of the show over all those years
And of course Andy from Hollywood
The two of them were joined at the
Yes, and we're Andy from Hollywood
Yep, long gone
Okay, the fake Damon says this was funny at first but it really needs to stop now
I was finishing my shift last evening and I went to the control room to pick up a few things before leaving
The door to the control room was closed. I heard some loud squealing coming from the room
I had heard this noise before
I cracked open the door was disgusted at what I saw
There was Joey Joe Bell met over the best with his pants around his ankles
He had a small pillow in his mouth and seemed to be moaning into the pillow
There was fat Chris with a cowboy head on pumping away like a madman
Swat sweating like a hog and heat
What color was that
It was at this point that fat Chris looked up to the sky started squealing and slapping Joe's fat ass
This grow test display went on from about 15 minutes at this point
Joe's ass was as red as a tomato from Chris's um something
It's chopped off
Joe seemed like he was excited for Chris to finish fat Chris then stopped squealing as Joe if he was ready
Joe spit out the pillow and said oh god. Yes, give it to me
Then Chris pulled out and oh, I can't read that
When they were finished it says Joe's face looked like a sweaty glazed donut
Please fire that fat slob ASAP makes me sick sign Damon. I guess you pissed off Damon. I'm in Delara D.A.
What did you do?
Chris
Police spurned him. Oh, that's you're talking to the fat Chris not me
Or the fake Chris or whatever it is the fat the fat Chris yeah the fake one
I'm beginning to think that um some of these stories are too not at all
I noticed Joe Bell didn't deny any of that
He was just uh upsetting said he never gave out my email address
My my email address. Hello. Neil my name is William chance
I would like to place ads with you in your newspaper
And you get those too I get a whole bunch of
Want to place an ad for four weeks and uh let's get the ad running
I can email you my credit card details. Oh good. Let's get those and also those uh security codes on those too
Yeah
Yeah, everybody send me your credit card numbers and be sure to include the security code too
128 votes on the pool shaving my push 46 that's the number one
shaving
And of course if God would have done it right people wouldn't have had to shave we wouldn't have grown here on our face
I mean the hair on your armpits is there for a reason right. I'm not really sure why
tent
What some reason it's on the other areas. I'll think to hold
Sense what to hold sent it's a scent. It's for mating
It's a holdover here on your armpits is for mating. I'll pass on that well nevertheless
oh
And the hair on your scroat is for mating purposes correct
Then here on your ass is for mating purposes. That's what fact crystal me
You
Said you've never seen a hairier ass in your life than fat ass jolly Joe. That's what crystal me before the show uh really last week
Yeah, and that what you said no
Come on don't be like flea now
Don't be like George and say one thing off the ear and then pretend you didn't say it on me what now
You heard me and I didn't send that check yet. I will write it to a clock though
You
Here's one that says how about a pull on what kind of dog you think the Obama should get oh yeah paper or plastic
My choices would be a doberman pitbull chihuahua and any others you guys can think of just a thought
Oh pitbull or chihuahua wow. This must be a real dog lover
Neil never leave us and f everyone who says you're old 65 is the new 55 and the best who just says you're seen now
He really loves your show listens to really like me differences. We love your show
You have the ability to improvise and consistently make us laugh every day. You're gifted. Oh, yeah, I got the gift. All right
I got the gift
I got the curse of jolly joe bell. That's what I got the curse of joe
It's like somebody nailed a dead chicken in my door
There are no items in this view. Oh come on you guys are really fall off today
Come in here this morning at 820
And there's like 20 maybe 25 different emails under and not one of them was like anything. It was it was all that spam crap
I am in Mozambique and I just found 38 million dollars under a rock and I'd like to have you invest it then
Give me your credit card details in your bank account number and I'll help you out
And you're telling me that there are people who fall for that crap every day. It's like the law of averages
You know of like one tenth of one percent of the people that they send around you. Yeah
It's throwing off crap on the air and so it'll maybe come down hit the ground
It's like joe bell
You put enough crap on here. Maybe somebody you listen to it. It hasn't worked so far though
But he keeps just throwing more and more crap out there
We've got so many people on the in the years. We've been on this radio station. We've had so many people who have no business being on here
People are not blog castus
How's Jimmy syphilis doing that's gonna be our next poll by the way can I smas macho and it's markfully a limperist Charlie
Christ or Jimmy syphilis can I smas macho
How is the Jimmy doing?
Clear ask them. Yeah, I mean I'm just a rhetorical question. I'll allow. I'll allow that's all. I'm just thinking I'll
I mean and you kept chastising me for talking about footy all the time and look what it did for him. I know you
I was promoting him I promoted him right off the air nice going footing. Yeah, isn't that good to my madness?
Oh, God when you tell everybody it's the worst show in history and I'm hearing that Jimmy syphilis is even worse than footsy
Oh brother at least footsy was a broadcaster of sorts, you know
He was in y100 for a hundred years. That's why they called it y100
But Jimmy syphilis. He's just another silly-ass ex-jock Jimmy you fairy how's that wine business coming Jimmy
It went belly up just like Jimmy
Rons is so if we bail out the automakers don't confuse this with bridge loans
Do we know that they'll be able to survive and go forward or they'll be needing more money soon like maybe six months
I don't know and whatever they need will give it to them billions and billions and billions and I say let them go bust and all those people are gonna lose their job too bad
Too bad. Let them move to Mexico and pick lettuce
And let the people who really want to work hard come in from Mexico. That's what I say. I'm all for the Mexicans
One thing I know about the Mexicans they sure know how to spend money not their own necessarily somebody else's oh
They know how to do it and here I thought I was safe marrying an Irish
What does that mean? Well, they know how to spend money too. I thought the average were 50
Though those are the Scottish oh the Scottish are 50 and the Dutch are just playing damn cheap like the frogs like the French Canadians
Do we know what the result of them going bankrupt and then restructuring without the unreasonable
Um something salaries other obstacles would be and how long it would take to me
It looks as though they wouldn't survive and currently has currently configured a matter how much money we give them and giving money to the reconfigured company would be the best long term investment for the country
Cisron
Did you hear the corona?
Give us won't tell us what type of collateral they got for their loans
These are some bastards running our country our sure hope Obama will at least be honest and open
I want to know what they're doing with our money
I'm also finished talking about paylin or how to fix the republicans or what school the kids will the kids go to or why type of dog they'll get
Or what is that hill everything can so on yeah white type of dog will get like the previous email Ron must be psychic
Yeah, let's do a poll on what type of dog the Obama should get I got the answer whatever kind they want
I'd love to see a min pin in the White House wouldn't that be cute sure tiny
Dropping tiny turrets all over the White House they could call it the Brown House
Don't think about little dogs man. They are sneaky like little kids
Sneaky like little people like midgeeks. I bet you jockeys are sneaky too. I don't know why
Yeah, jockeys are like munchkins
They all talk like they got a mouthful of helium
Well mister right. I think it was a good ride. I think
Opening on the rail I could have bus through there and my mom
Yeah
Oh here's one from chronic chronic head. Oh, this is at an homestead
Says I love the kissless ass when is she available?
Oh, hey, you're such a panic that's it
Neil at neorages.com get those emails coming man load them up
We got two hours to go here on a Wednesday and it's just shocking the the lethargic crowd we got out there today
Well, I say crowd I'm exaggerating the lethargic group
How many people do think we really have listening right now
And then I'm hearing more about that signal jolt by the way in his lunch hour
Gonna go out and pee on the tower today jolly joe bill and Chris as he wants to help him out
He said he wants to be standing right there like two gigantic fountains from Rome
Okay on the tower side by each boy that talk about a flood huh?
Can you envision that? I'd rather not holding hands no
Like football players in the huddle, you know, no now at what level do they do that college?
Not certainly not pros pros don't hold hands in the huddle do they no
I don't think so
I never really watched all that much
I know that when Brady before got injured they when he was the pivot man there for the patriots
They were all up real tight and cloy and in fact
I notice that that game that Brady Quinn started for the browns last week same thing
The huddle got really tight
Unlike Brady the huddle got really tight
What do you think about Brady gay or not gay that's a good pull for somebody if Jimmy syphilis could take that pull tomorrow
gay or not gay
Or
We could what which one of these jocks you think really is a definitely gay
Mike Piazza
Brady Quinn
Any other contenders?
You're not a canylie
Camneyly or maybe Jimmy syphilis
Biggest name the best talent he built his new projects
Sport ratio 560 QAM
Fourth lead
The biggest names the best talent
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
Miami for the other day
Where are it beaded 12 to 1 hour on WQ AM
Well I never thought I'd find the gun no ride that I picked
With the round beams today
Oh right
I'd say classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would like it
Now we've been keeping the China and the trim is cold and it dies to the mercy
I got the candle liquid cherry you
Oh baby
Open up the dollar cherry cherry and be baby bruce
Oh baby
China little little little small baby
This is the best kid now so I've bounced out the road
In a big status superfoward
Now in the office stop the big deals
A day of the random things in the breaks
By 1979
My own phone Catalina
She showed a confide now is my baby Cadillac
Oh baby
Open up the dollar cherry cherry and be baby bruce
Oh baby
China little little little small baby
Yo
I got my windows down on a hot summer day
Because they hazy don't work no way
This wedding fresh with all seats starts to smell
And gets the tussey look at all the time
And from a factory you find a shiny ground and smell like lime
And it's my coffee channel too
Because I've been washing it with all the road
Oh baby
Open up the dollar cherry cherry and be baby bruce
Oh baby
Michael Schockek
Muse growing over Steve Fox
St. Bruce
Oh baby
Fresh from Lauren Derry
You'll be faster to be baby bruce
Oh baby
QAM hello
Hey Neil how you doing?
Okay
As far as professional athletes that are a little light and they're loafers
I know it's not a big sport but Roger Federer
He said in the magazine a couple months ago
They're asking tennis players
What do they listen to what music they listen to
When they get ready for a match
And most of them are saying
Led Zeppelin Metallica
And Federer said
Madonna
You're fair
Wow
I know
And
That's interesting is it for me
I know and all he also
He's with that heparit too
All the fine pieces he can have
He's still with that big heparit
You know
Yeah
Heparit
Whatever that man
Well hey take another call
Oh wait
There aren't any
Well I didn't give any numbers out
I didn't say anything about taking calls
These people need a little heads up
You know they need to get their head up
And most of them do have their head up
Their ass
Down to 48 on the down not good
Oh here's one
Oh Dr. Adam is still listening
Even though I broke down and got sinus
I'm still an avid fan for 20 plus years
I'm 41
Oh I got serious
I thought I said I got sinus
Anyway
Putting a shout out to let you know
Someone living but barely breathing is listening
I'm a psychologist
Who had a patient once
Who might consider quite intelligent
She went online into an IQ site called
Tickle
Which was also a romance matching site
While my 54-year-old little QD patient
Fell for this 25-year-old
Schmartseer from Nigeria
And before she knew what was uh what hit her
She was caching checks
Uh inner work counts for him
That she was able to print off her own printer
Oh my god and then he writes uh this isn't the real doctor
No
This is this is some
Doctor no
No it's as bigoted
It sounds like something Johnny Dark would write
Last time I wrote was eight years ago
I see I thought this was the other doctor Al
No this is Dr. Adam
When I felt compelled to tell you where I met that emotional
Retard Todd Dreckam I old drug dealer sound
Oh that's good
A big fat wet kiss
Dr. Adam up here is get lost you idiot you loser
The thousand two 44 by the way
Oh the fake Greg Vude House is also there may be interest in you doing
Noon to one PM on Sirius left 146
Alice Bennett in his life studio audience do nine to noon
And your buddy Lynn Samuels does one to three
What is your interest none
None my interest is just the same as their interest none
154 votes on a pool
And the Dow down 249.86
At 84 45.30
And then as they sound 42.55
That's for the numbers guy that guy just amuses the crap out of me
Oh we here when your show is numbers numbers
You're mailing it in Roger's immediately
I got a couple of stamps on the envelope for George
Two o'clocky goes right in the box on the corner
What's today Wednesday you'll have it beginning of the week
Thank you
I'm helping George through some tough times because I'm a good guy
Despite of a lot of you people's assumptions
Then they think they know us because we're on a radio right
They don't know squat
They think they know because somebody's on TV whether they're good person bad person evil you know
They don't nothing you know nothing
WQ I am hello
Wasn't that refresher her
WQ I am hello
Yeah
You were you were the first one to predict that Obama would be
Yeah, now he won yeah and yeah and
When everyone else thought it was in pop swillery. Yeah, they thought swillery. Yeah, you know eight years ago if he had been elected
We wouldn't have had 9 11
Well, he was one of years ago eight years ago if they wouldn't have fixed the election
Gorwood a one and we wouldn't have had 9 11 well, yeah, but I wasn't crazy about Gore
But we wouldn't have been 11 trillion dollars in debt right? We can't just what the elections over Obama won
See what I mean about these people. Oh, yeah, why don't keep the hawk in the same. It's over
We won the coast is clear 368 electoral votes. It's over a landslide
It's over and if chickens feed we'd have a flood too, okay? If this and if that you know
God if I had any sense then I would have stick around here when july joebell came through that door we'd all run out
Screaming and carrying on wq a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil how you doing? Okay, I want to say when I went into that voting booth. I
Changed and I voted for Obama. I really think it's the right thing to do when I was I was hard on his wife
I was the guy you know something he won an elections over
He was hard on his wife
He wishes WQ a.m. Hello. No change
Was that done? Yeah, that was done. Was that not on the phone?
So we found out that Stan major is still alive and still sitting on my two grand for years ago
Still seeing on that mist a maybe he invested it wisely
Yeah, I shit out at that trip to Disney World immediately following that desperate loan, you know
And by the way if I found out that you go to Disney World with a family this next weekend
I'm gonna be distraught. Boy, yeah. Oh, are you kidding me?
Yes, oh god
Well when somebody comes to you acting desperate to borrow money
I'm not talking about anybody here, right? I'm just talking about staying again and his wife is next one
That would be like bailing out these corporations and then they're going on these you know spot junkets and that that's right like AIG
WQ a.m. Hello
Hi, I'm I voted for dog Q.A.M. Hello
Oh, hello
Hello, yeah, hey great show man
I got a chicken ticket on a turnpike I need your
What my cash is number yeah one eight hundred seven four one team
One eight hundred seven four one team right ticket defense team
Thank you sir. You're the great and slow down
Yeah, right
She's laughing slow down
140s too much
Slow down 125 is good. Why don't I like to test out my vet
Okay, test it as well as what fastest ever drove any one of my vets like on the sawgrass late at night. I'm trying to think yeah
Way over 100. I know that good. I'm still alive. How about that WQ a.m. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going boss? Okay, hey
It looks like the market's pretty happy with this new Marxist
Marxist this is another one of the code words we got now these are all the
The words Marxist socialist communist uh
Bum bum bum bum drop dad sir, okay
I hope you're real happy with your loss in the election with the landslide where you were repudiated by the overwhelming
majority even the knucklehead said oh my god enough of this crap
Even the dumbest of the dumb but not you sir you're in a separate category you're below the dumbest of the dumb
Mr. Rogers my name is Tony Perkins
But not uh not the actor Tony Perkins. He's still dead
I'm the former assistant at uh coach at so and so high school
I'm contacting you to inform you and the south Florida community of a
basketball leukemia awareness event that we're hosting an honor of Cesar Odeo
The men's basketball coach at very university who was diagnosed with the leukemia in the spring of 2008
Change the game south Florida tip off for leukemia classic. What are we gonna do about that?
You want to you want to what promoted? Okay, well you do it when you're on okay
Justin says not that you care
But just in case you were wondering what the people bitching about the archive we're talking about when you download the show
It's all static no show just static for three hours yesterday
Well, how do you like that nice going Eric? Let's blame it on Eric. Let's blame it on jolly girl
Fake Greg Budelle wants to stay and better touch using some of Google's coolest new product. It says if you already have gmail or google talk
Visited yade yade I don't no interest
How you like that I don't I don't neither go away fake Greg Budelle go away lope with Dave Hagen and by the way he hates you like for you never hurting you
Never heard of you Greg Budelle
I wonder if Don agony is still in this thing and what thing in the DCS. Oh
The noodles thing oh, it's under noodles more I leave it to George man to come so good time
Hope for the great taste
Neil this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste
Biggest name the best talent you're missing your largest sport radio 560 QAM
The fourth leader it's looking like a top-down weekend or maybe it's a road trip weekend with some friends
Maybe you just need replacement wheels while your car is in the shop got a reason avis has the right set of wheels for you
Convertibles minibans or slip behind the wheel of a hot new Cadillac and head for the keys avis offers unlimited mileage personal vehicle replacement rates plus free local pick up
There's an avis location near where you work play or live and they're open seven days a week great cars great service right in your neighborhood at avis we try harder
Log on to wqam.com and check out the brand new fan shop
Buy your child pannington groanie brown and shanning prodder jersey. Buy Miami Hurricanes pass
Sure and collectible you can also shop for florida marlin Miami heat and Florida panthers products and remeared jerseys authentic dwayneway jerseys and more plus all the NFL
NBA NHL MLB and NCAA teams are available shop online the fan shop on wqam.com a service of sports radio 560 QAM
Warren Savor and sass
brings it to every Friday from five to five 30 with a mad dog
Jim and a part of football Friday of rags
You're on sports radio 560 QAM
Hey, this is Dan Reno
Join me every Monday morning from eight to nine with a big dog
The sex and business systems Dan marino show Monday mornings eight to nine sports radio 560 QAM
Long on to wqam.com for your chance to win $1,000
Around the clock beat the broadcasters featuring Joe Rose make your picks weekly throughout the season for your chance at the $1,000 grand prize from air around the clock
Football online at wqam.com for your chance to win 500 bucks a big
House in QAM's fantasy football game delivered by pop Jones such a roster weekly the highest one week score over the course of the season
When the $500 grand prize from pop a jump in sports radio 560 QAM
I know being a college freshman is supposed to be tough
But let me tell you about my schedule this semester all 18 credits
Every Monday Wednesday and Friday I have American lit at 805 a.m
And then I only have 15 minutes. It's my 915 ethics and value theory class all the way across campus then in the afternoon
Calculus one on Tuesdays and Thursdays. I have two lectures that go through lunch
Sociology of families then intruder microbiology pre-med and finally I have a double lab that ends around nine
PM
Anyway, I just wanted to say
Thank you
And found free templates and checklists to help put an emergency preparedness plan together
So now we worry less about the unforeseen worry about the foresee a roll our customers remember when your hair wasn't gray
Remember when you had here. Hey go to ready.gov for details on creating an emergency preparedness plan
Becoming a success as hard work protecting it isn't
Brought to you by the US Department of Homeland Security the ad council in the station
The biggest names the best talent is the mad dog
Yeah, man, the captain in sport a seven sports radio five sixty Q.A.M.
These sports leaders
Yeah, man, that's I
And before you go could you do one short thing for me?
What that just say freeze major my any vice you're under arrest
Absolutely, I'm not going to do that. How are you?
I'm fine. I don't care. You won't get
Don Johnson's you get a haircut. Thank you. Thank you
Hello
Hello
Hello, okay
Pardon me. I think that was done. Do you notice that?
Did you notice that? Yeah, that sounded like Johnson didn't it?
It did
Isn't it incredible? Absolutely
He said no changes on just like John Johnson
What do you think sir?
I'm magnified. You leave me. Okay. Thank you. Wow
That sounds like Johnson
the net
So the fake Greg Budelle says subject serious XM
Neil, I have a meeting with programming today. Do you want me to bring your name up?
They're looking to add talent to serious XM stars. They're new flagship talk station
If you would get away from Joe Bell it says oh, I see I would get away from Joe Bell if I were you. This is Greg
Even the fake Greg Budelle hates Joe Bell like poison
Yeah, let us let us know send me an offer. Okay, fake Greg
Maybe an offer I can refuse
Maybe Greg will tell the story again about how he took X-Lax before the Adali part and concert he was supposed to introduce
G. Yeah
Speaking of fake everything is fake now. Mm-hmm. Most of our emails are from fake people
Fake New York Times proclaims end to wars
The Iraq and Afghanistan wars are over if you can believe a fake copy of the New York Times circulating around Manhattan today
The paper was allegedly printed by the periodist the yes-man
Who are responsible for myriad of politically oriented pranks that were the subject of a major film
Early this morning commuters nationwide were delighted to find out that while they were sleeping
The wars in Iraq and Afghanistan had come to an end if that is they happen to read a special edition of today's New York Times
In an elaborate operation six months into planning one point two million papers were printed at six different presses
And driven to pre-arrange pickup locations were thousands of volunteers stood ready to pass them out on the street
Articles in the paper denounced dozens of new initiatives including the establishment of national health care
The abolition of corporate lobbying a minute maximum wage for CEOs and of course the end of war
The paper and exact replica of the New York Times includes international national New York and business sections as well as editorials
Corrections on the number of ads including a recall notice for all cars. They were on gas
There's also a timeline describing the gains brought about by eight months of progressive support and pressure
Commitating in president Obama's yes, we really can't speech the paper is post dated July 4 2009
It's all about how at this point we need to push harder than ever said birth a Sutton or one of the newspapers writers
We've got to make sure Obama and all the other Democrats do what we elected them to do after a there may be 28 years of hell
We need to start imagining heaven
Not all readers reacted favorably the thing I disagree with is how they did it's its steward carlile where we see the paper and grand central station
I'm all for freedom of speech, but they should have started their own paper
Yeah, let's start making things up look how would I work for a run and run
Mm-hmm, remember they made up things about how important celebrities had died like victim owner right?
Right, I heard that you died in a car wreck just yesterday. I did
On the way back from woodbine
I
Was carrying a heavy load
No items in this view no items in this view Neil at neo rogers.com
That's our email address. Boy, I'll tell you. It's pretty week today week week is an understatement
And these people you'll notice they still they still want to hack a Chanuk about the election the election was a week ago yesterday
And we went on through the primaries for months and months and months and months and then through the actual election itself forever and ever and then it's over and Obama went on a landslide and the Nazis are out
And that one guy oh socialist well Marxist that was it Marxist
Yeah, mark this yeah
See the Republicans are socialist for the rich they steal from the bright give to the rich right
I
Like this whole bailout thing right that bailout all the richer companies all the rich folks all the big CEOs and all you poor little people that got screwed
Screw you that email you got from that lady had it right on privatized the profits and socialized the losses
Yamama that's what the Nazis say to the little people Yamama
rhymes with Obama
And all these other geezers that want to keep talking about well, I did the right thing okay great. It's over
It's over there's nothing to talk about it's over. Let's wait till January the 21st and see how things go if we're still alive by then
And as far as the markets are concerned here comes the bunny and there goes your money
For that guy about oh the markets aren't responding well
Well, guess what the markets aren't responding well because GM's on a vertical and bust because we have a 6.5% unemployment rate
Minor things like that just little things you know little things mean a lot. That's what I always say
How's the Dow doing even gold is down to 718 my god that was down to 82 points and as did I found 53 and the S&P is down 31 and a half points
I wonder where that guy disappeared do remember the S&P is up guy maybe you looked with a quarter-shlock guy all we heard from MBS today
Just to sound at his voice even even worse than I'm your friend or any of those others the sound of his voice the quarter-shlock guy just just
Rubs me the wrong way like Joe said about fat Chris rubs me the wrong way. That's not what I heard now
No, the DA city rubbed him the right way
a lot
WQA and hello not there 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the Verizon 18 T wireless lines or back to a lot of calls today because the emails
Dreck
very very weak
WQA and hello
Hola
You hear somebody under about a million miles away. Mm-hmm sounds like somebody's on Pluto. Hi, what's happening with them? Oh God
You
This guy that sent the email about the people with the money come to South Florida
That must because they didn't get the memo
The memo that says three words don't do it those three words. Yeah, don't do it
WQA am hello
Hey, Neil yes, sir. Hey, look I'm a young man 18 to 25
I recently got a ticket driving on for 41 and I just want to help me out
Maybe you can put a little check in the mail for your buddy down here. No that works for you. No
Take me off there. I'll give you my address. No. That doesn't work. No
Come on, Neil. I'm not working here. Doesn't work for me. Heard him down here. Neil. Maybe George will send you some money
If he can, that'd be great. How about fat Chris? He'll send you something
Oh, no, I don't want any Chris's money. It's all danky nasty money. Okay. He don't want your money Chris. How do you like that? Look, I guess I'll have anything
Chris was just about to take your name and address off the ear and send you a big fat one George. I'll send you a big fat one sure
Partially smoked already, but nevertheless for a fee
I'm 188 votes on the pool. Yeah, let's like Ben Stein's money. You know when Ben Stein's money now
There's one of the relay holes of all time another self-hating Jew that David from did you see what David from said the other day
God almighty
They they out of finished a circumcision on David from
WQ I am hello
Hey now. Yeah
Um, I've got them tall since man. No talk about that
No, not on this show
You got 20 hours of that crap the rest of the day
Yeah, but hey, you know, let me say it again. Let me say it again
You got 20 hours to talk about that crap the rest of the day. Okay, call up somebody who cares because I don't
Miami Dolphin
There's Tony cigarette. Oh, saying we're smelling Super Bowl. You're smelling all right Tony
Boy, talk about aging badly man. He don't look a day over 200
So when I see people like that that I feel so much better about myself. I don't look a day like over 65, you know what?
No
You were pretty shocked when you saw me a Gulf Stream
A little bit. I mean you sent a picture. I saw a picture first. Didn't you thought boy he looks lovely
Oh, here's one is this oh me and the old man are thinking about sports
About a sports staging you and him. It's gonna be called the old man and the older man. Oh, oh see you soon about a sports
Oh
Jerome says give some tickets away. No Jerome. We don't get any tickets on his show
They give all the tickets to the Joe Rocho all the live spots go on a Joe Rocho all the tickets go on into your
Rocho all the listeners are on the Joe Rocho. That's because he's talking about the dolphins
Over here Joe Joe Joe Joe
The fourth lead
So
This sports leader
My track marks it show up and skin that rat
Wait a minute. There is another way rat a rony
Rony that's right rat a rony the Chicago Jeso tree
Kids rat son
Mmm, I mean this rat is good. Yeah, bitch don't really good fast to crack pipe rat a rony
Chicago Jeso treat
Oh, it hits down real good 1231 at 560 W. Q. A. M. Police are responding to diller high school in Fort Lauderdale after hearing reports of a possible shooting
Details are sketchy says the Harold but one student a female was found unresponsive
It is unknown if she was shot said sergeant Frank Susa at Department spokesman
Harold news partners WFORCBS 4 obtained footage of the growing wheeled into
Broward general medical shortly before noon
Paramedics and doctors were seen trying to resuscitate the girl who was wearing a purple shirt and khaki shorts
Joe Malita the school district chief investigator confirmed investigations underway regarding a possible shooting on campus
Another female student a 15-year-old armed with a gun is in police custody
Detained it captain crabs take away a restaurant within walking distance of the school
Diller high is on lockdown as police investigate
Surely before noon parents began arriving at the school after hearing news reports of a possible shooting they were turned away
Louise math is said she was worried about her daughter beneath both 16 students at the Magnet school
There's always something going on at this school. She said how do they get into the school with a gun?
15-year-old girl with a gun that's America for you baby crazy people with guns little kids with guns
I don't understand what all these shootings are except for everybody's got guns
And now that that marches gun in there everybody is arming themselves to the teeth
Yeah, better go get mine 196 votes on the poll. What's the most tedious personal hygiene routine for you
Well, let's see so that gives us what 1300 almost less three
1297
Okay
Well, I'm asking fatso, but he's not thinking any attention. He's eating. He's shoveling. He's shoveling as a kebler or cookies down his throat say well
You like kebler cookies. Yeah, sure. Who does the kebler elves. Yeah
I wonder if he would abandon jolly joe for one of the kebler elves
What's the most tedious personal hygiene routine for you shaving my face 66
Flossing 24 I don't do that very often and I'm gonna go get my teeth cleaned tomorrow
And she's gonna bitch me. I give you should give me another little thing. Adrenaline floss when we're all done
You know and I'll take and say oh, thank you
And I'll put it in the drawer somewhere now. I won't use it you floss
No, how about you fat? So I'm sure you don't not hey floss
Oh my god with all that jolly joe bells pubic here and they're all can you imagine gross
Wiping myself clean after a douce 19 maybe you ought to call that guy that sent the email before explain it to him
AC ducy
Shaving or trimming my pubes 14 waxing or shaving body hair 14
Cleaning the smegma for my foreskin 11 clipping nails 11 brushing my teeth nine
Tweezing here is seven emptying my colostomy bag five
Cleaning the lint for my belly button three coming or brushing my hair two blow dry my hair two changing my tampon two
Cleaning out my ears to bathing or showering two douching two gargling one washing my hair none
I mean, you know you're in the shower with your body wash and with your shampoo you might as well wash your hair wider in there, you know
It's not that big deal and that was down 241 by the way. It's making a little bit of a comeback not too much
US representative mark foley reveals the demons he faced after being abused in church as a child you fairy
I'm gonna go to my pile because the the emails are just they're non-existent and the calls suck. I know that's unusual
Unless you like the calls you think the calls of it. No nothing in the email view nothing
Not a one not even the fake red be dell well Greg's probably in that important meeting. It's serious getting us hired over there
This is if I were you I'd get away from joe bell
Well
Get away from joe bell mother effort. That's what they warned us didn't they I warned you I told you
You did said boy you thought that Greg was a pilot turd you ain't seen nothing yet. This is gonna be a nightmare
He is gonna butcher this joint
That's what they ought to do is take out that radio the word radio from the WQM butcher shop
Maybe we could hire um the cleavers to work here
Are they dead?
Who Barbara Billingsley. Yeah, she did. I don't think so
You bober movie that movie airplane was a hundred years ago. She was oh did you hear the uh
Wally's being shown in the Louvre he's got art
What would mean Wally's Wally whatever uh
Down is what's his name Tony down is a part of it. Don't even listen with Tony down baby. I like to know
He's an artist and they're showing his work in the Louvre
If you can believe her movie with Ethan Hawk. What was the name of that movie?
Oh, that was a great expectorations. I think and Robert DeNure was in there on the um and they were chasing him
Number
Yep, it was his benefactor. He was his secret benefactor Ethan Hawk and his brother chicken
Speaking of that former U.S. Representative Mark Foley. What a segue
Says in an exclusive interview airing on channel five today
He wishes it confronted those demons of sexual abuse suffered as a child before launching a political career that collapsed
National scrutiny on his private life hey mark you ferry
Now how come it is that well, I guess because of that scandal
You know, then all of a sudden they believe what I've been saying about Mark Foley all those years
But most of them don't believe about Limpress Chris. They don't want to believe that
And now that they've been mentioning him as possible. We're public and leader for 2012
Maybe the wedding will actually go on his plan, huh?
Still uh
Who uh Barbara governor? No Barbara. Barbara Billings. They still live good. I like to her a lot. What about you?
Beaumont I'm sure is dead
I'll check
Hugh Beaumont and Wally Dow is uh Tony and Tony Dow is Wally and what's the crime? Jerry Mathers is the beaver
The beaver
God uh
Hey beave hey be the only thing funny about that show
Was the beaver the title oh what about Hugh Beaumont did a rely Tony Dow still round
We know that okay and he looked bad too
God you want proof there's no god
14 1982 died
Tony uh Tony Hugh Beaumont yep
Ward Cleaver
Now what did he do for a living and all all those sitcoms from the 50s and 60s nobody ever worked
They went away during the daytime, but we never knew what the hell they did
Right
I mean at least Archie bunker by that point we knew that he went you know and worked in the um
place
In the place he got the the loading dogs was that where was in the docs hey doc
For what then he had a cab
Beaumont was an ordained minister
What yep
Oh my god
He retired from show business in the late 60s launching a second career as a Christmas tree farmer in Minnesota
Oh
I went from being a big star on television to a Christmas tree farmer Minnesota
He began his career and show business by performing in theaters night clubs and on the radio in 1931
At 10 of the university to Chattanooga, but left when his position on the football team was why do we have to hear all though?
When his position was one changed
Yeah, uh later
Is this position never changed? I don't know
All I've got to leave
Go ahead
Attend to USC and graduate of master of theology degree in 1946
He was visiting his son hunter esacological press from Unic at the time of his sudden death
What about Tony Dow though? I sure would like to have dittled him back in those days
Wow, and he had those stint plastic belts that were the vote back in the 50s and early 60s
Well, he wanted Tony Dow, but I bet you don't want Tony now. No, that's correct. Just like Bert Ward
Ten osmins still around
Who's Ken osmins? uh Haskell
And the neighbor what was his first name at word and he asked Eddie? Yeah
He was annoying. He was a real nerd and really ugly too
Almost as ugly as what's his name under partridge family Danny Bono douche
E. I must say bag
Careful. Yeah, we can't say that. I know it sounds silly to a lot of you folks out there who think that we make this stuff about Joyce and Jolly Joe and Clarence and Yadi Yadi
We can't say we can say duchy bag
We can say ill duchy like Mussolini, you know ill duchy
We can say douche and we can just say plain old
paper bag
Or we can just say uh, Joyce is an old bag
But we can't put him together. Do you remember why D? Yeah
Stanley Fafara
died in 2003 and what about Ozzy and Harriet? What was the neighbor's name on air? Oh look
Ozzy and Harriet
That was another one of those character actors that was on eight million different shows for those of the days man the simple days
Anyway, it goes on I'll get back to the um mark fully stuff David Nelson
No, David Nelson was Ricky Nelson's brother
The neighbor uh, let's see. I have a wazzy's jazzy's buddy who wally jack keep on me thorny
That was the neighbor who played on the four don to four there you go died in 1993. I'll be damn man
It's really going around you know what old don to four
As you see over it and Harriet
Every eight a.m. Lincoln Elfman. They're in a box
Mornings five to seven sports radio five sixteen you a.m. V sports leader. Did he chuck it or did he cock it?
Did he come the F a G the F a G
Yeah
F a G
Okay guys got your back remember of that because that's where we're looking for love. It's where you're cracked that
The finish now by me F a G. I got lots of facial hair
Then a lousy that'll make fun don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy my style like Joe
Stop your gay jokes and start being violent because you might get a take the homosexual violence
We don't play your butts my target like a dog in a territory
Market when you see us with a ray band bomb. We're just buying the parts that we want to get our hands on
We are the F a G where the F a G sister you
Don't you forget
Really all kind of hardest wall
I
Let me see you just prance with me just prance with me now slide
Oh right there. Let me see you do some weights then
Perfect make your wristman
That's it baby just
Now look at you when dead. Oh, I got a wipe this off
Oh
You
Okay, look what's the cup of scrap out
You know you're not garlic
247 at 560 W to QM happy Wednesday today. I got an amazing piece of news here from another one of our e-mailers
Okay, there aren't too many today, but boy the stuff they're sending is astonishing
You ready ready? We're on tight. I yield god just recently reported Tony Dowell have one of his abstract sculpture displayed at the Lou
Yeah
Yeah, which is exactly what you just said uh-huh, which is how we started talking about Tony Dow right and then this inspired this geek to send us
This is what they do all the time right
I'll leave to send us a copy of some story that's been on our website for a day or two or they'll you know
Send us some bread taking on a revelation that we just got to you saying on the air. Hey, did you hear? Yeah?
I heard Tony Dow is gonna have his thing off believer it's in the louvre at the Louvre
I don't want to see his thing now. I'll tell you that here's something else. I don't want to see maybe that's a cover.
Q 96.1 Montgomery, Alabama
Classic rock comedy in country. It says what a combination that is classic crock
Comedy in country and there's Greg Bittell looking really nasty. Oh my god
Talk about aging badly and now you know when you got a radio show
And you got it at my space page how many how many friends you think Greg's got
I don't know 96
Hmm we didn't think he'd have at least a couple hundred
Uh-most radio people do yeah, yeah several hundred usually you know if anybody's listening maybe nobody's listening Greg
Maybe everybody everybody in Montgomery hates Greg just as much as the people of South Florida didn't everywhere he goes
They hate you Greg because they know that you're paranoid uptight and insecure
Boy
Boy talk about a basket case
But keep sending those fake emails from the fake Greg Bittell
Here's one from the gravity guy
Do you know who the gravity guy is?
Nope, I don't either. He says some TV dads had jobs mr. Brady the Brady bunch was an architect. He was also gay
There are and Stevens have bewitched worked for an advertising company and wasn't Fred McMurray's character in my three stents
Also an architect. I don't know
I don't know but Darren Stevens uh, yeah, that came up a lot
Well, yeah, that's because his boss lived next door
With a little mustache Larry Larry Terry very good Larry Tate even knows the last name. That's right. That's right
And then glad it's glad it's rabbits across the street. I love that show
There did what was her husband's name
I have no idea
Who abner oh
She was always speeding it every country saw some magic
Pretty sure it was
This my gumry and this morning dick York and the other dick too
And this great the fall in the staking
I'll turn out to
There that all that yes positive leave that except for Adam and
But we're working on that too
So stay tuned and they will be
Oh, yeah
It says but these examples are from TV shows of the 60s and 70s the 50s were probably less clear in regard to occupations
says grab
Maybe it's davi gravity line
Here's one from sam says while showing my mother how to work her new high definition TV
We came across the view
What I saw had no eyebrows here looking like the predator bizarre looking face with slits his eyes
And a low cut top showing off a giant disgusting tattoo on her chest
That person is whoopie goldberg fat. I can't even look at her
Scary how a star wars movie with strange creatures hanging with humans is starting to look true
says sam
Whoopie goldberg can you stand there? I have no problem avoiding looking at her so I don't know I do that was down
241 by the way it's making a little bit of a comeback not much I'll go to woodbine and win all your money back
It's a woodbine Wednesday by the way. Oh, here's one from the two-cell animus pussy footers about time
We started hearing from some of our people Jesus Christ
He says like you I had a thing for Tony Dow when the show was for his broadcast. I bet you did
What self-respecting fact didn't?
But it's for the 2008 version. Well, thanks, but no thanks. It's got a photo attached. Do I want to see it?
Mm-hmm LA Times blogs photos. I'll click on it. Oh
Oh, no. Oh, how sad there is no God. There is no God. Oh
Do you want me to email us to you? What now?
Do you want me to forward this? I'll put you in a room. What do you want me to go there? No, no
Why not? I'd rather see whoopie Goldberg
No, no, you'd you'd get a charge out of this I
Lay it on that lay down me pops. Let's see suck it to me forward. Here you go. No, this is reply. I don't want reply
Where's forward reply to all forward there it is. I don't like these icons at the top of the outlook express they suck
They blow
George Rodriguez there we go and it's on away
To the miracle of modern technology it'll be their momentary
I mean you wouldn't care because you know you're like one of those straight holes. Mm-hmm. Sorry, darling
Current photo. Oh, yeah, when you ought to be I think a lot of you straight people ought to start apologizing to us fags
That's right. Yeah
You straight bastards. Hey, listen. We don't have any problem with each other. We're not competing for the same things
Yeah
We're never any other way. There's great concern about facts. Oh
Amongst us straight people there isn't
Only closet queens. That's right. I saw my folks people with issues. Yes
So speaking of that the Palm Beach County Republican Mark Foley served in Washington, tell I had seen like worth for nearly three decades
Until his resignation from Congress in 2006 after news reports of his sexually explicit online chats with congressional pages
Torturous difficult embarrassing. I don't know how many adjectives I can throw at you to quantify what has been the experience Foley said of the emotional fallout of his political scandal
A disgrace that press odds to the defeat of other congressional incumbents and the 2006 elections
Foley has ended the two-year boardcott of the media by telling news anchor Roxanne Stein of Channel 5 in Palm Beach
Then he struggled for decades to face childhood abuse by Catholic priest Catholic priest. Oh my god
unusual one another isolated incident
He says he's embarrassed by the illicit electronic message. He's sent to congressional pages
But strongly denies being a pedophile
He says it took time to become comfortable telling others that he is gay gay
No question. You don't let people in your life. You said of keeping a sexual orientation secret fears
When's the governor coming out of the closet? Oh boy the Republicans are gonna have a nervous breakdown of an ad
First mark fully then Larry Craig and then miss Limpress Christ
When Foley resigned from Congress in the fall of 2006 his west Palm Beach attorney David Roth no relation to Hyman
It's funny. I have a thing here about Hyman Roth an email
Reveal that Foley was molested by a clergyman between the ages of 13 and 15 by Catholic priest
He also said he was recovering from alcohol abuse
Everything David Roth said that day was true despite the fact so many people said we were making it up to save my political seat Foley said
Foley 51 and I'm involved in a real estate business based in Palm Beach
Contents that much of his life has been shaped by the abusive encountered when I was 12
I was abused he said while wiping tears from his cheeks
So I recognized that pain that suffering. I wish I'd confronted those demons
But there was a lot of hesitation because my parents had such deep faith
I didn't want to let them down. I don't want to let them believe a man of God could have done this to their son
A man of God my ass. Oh you people with your priests
The world's biggest closet the priesthood baby
You see a priest just shout across to him. You fair that's
So keep this inside you keep this inside yourself. You had it from everyone
He says when this voice cracking with emotion foley at it because you feel like it may have been my fault
You try your best to move forward ignoring that it happened when you're 12 years old a priest is telling you
This is healthy. This is good. Oh God. It's good. If you tell anybody I'll kill myself
Your life is instantly changed doesn't make it right. I regretted it this day this incident when I've done but I can't change history
Throughout the interview conducted this West Palm Beach office and briefly outdoors while walking dogs near his Palm Beach home
Foley expresses embarrassment and regret
He said he sympathizes with his political successor
US representative Tim Mahoney Democrat who took over the 16th congressional district seat and lost
Re-election this month following revelations of his own sex scandal involving multiple extramarital affairs
Watching Tim was not anything that made me say yippee yippee i.o
That's exactly the quote yippee yippee i.o
He got what he deserved fully said it was another person to fall short of expectation
Another person person resting with some demons. There's a reason for some to behavior
It's not for me to sit here and have pity party or celebration
Says miss Foley
Andre says on this this must be the Andre admiral who this is
Andre must be like Mexican or something because he says now that we got to be Republicans out of the White House
Out of Miami. Maybe we should hire Hyman Roth he says Andres could be French to Andres Fountainias
Fountain is Fountain is maybe he's a Dominic anna from the Republican to be anna maybe Larry public he'd do
Manicana or maybe he's close to recon maybe he's an old Salvadorian border beacon right
Maybe he's from Guatemala
One of those other 10th world. Yeah
What the body man the best talent
Roger
You're the fourth lead
The biggest names the best talent
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM
Miami for the other day. I am born a Spadler of since fear is neither has one Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion square
Instead we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hour
Eisner
Mr. Mouse
What the hell are you doing to me?
What do you mean sir? Why am I reading in the paper you're gonna put a Disney theme park in Brooklyn?
Well sir, we're just scouting locations
Jesus I'm scouting CEOs you are killing me
But sir look what we've done with New York City Times Square
Forty second street
In on
Remus
We're off the back you'll quit and remus get that blue bird out of here
Eisner but sir look what we don't admit down man had forty second street is incredible
Publicly I supported that but you took all the point away you're killing me. I'm going through garrison like kids
We're just scouting areas calm down
On the bottom of the bunch don't tell me to calm down. We got lucky with Lee low and state to 128 million dollars
Now you're trying to ruin the whole network. What kind of programming are you running?
Hang on a minute
Remus
Blue bird crap all over your shell or
Playing yourself up for heaven's sake
And head off the module cleaner
Good God sir the network is fine. Why couldn't you come up with American Idol good
God you're still running James Bob movie they're sixty years old
Why don't you just put steamboat willing on and be done with it?
Lisa I'd make a couple of damn dollars
Well the movie division's fine
You mentioned we were in stitch and now we have the new m night shumma on movie coming out later this summer
I'll find what the hell does that mean stop sign yield sign you're gonna start swinging some of these titles past me
Please
Remus
Remus
I know you can't hear me
All right
I
Be very careful the next time I started my car fire you
What do you mean?
What bad done sir I'll put hamster I'm in your job but sir you're terrible
Sorry baby I put Remus in there. I do like to be president of Disney Remus
What a wonderful day
Get out of here you nut bag 103 at 560 I told you I'm digging up all the good oldies good one only in goodies
I
Guess Greg now did I sent you two pictures now do you get them both?
Uh, I got the Tony Dowling. Yeah. Well look again. All right. Let me see if other
There there there there there there it is
Well
It's the done looking anything like that it says Greg Vidal a little dog with Greg Vidal
A little dog kissing Greg Vidal because certainly no human wood and the rumor is that the dog hated him too
Ha
Now do you think this stuff is really coming from the real Greg Vidal of course not
Because he felt it was so important to send me this when he sent it again a second time
I have a meeting with programming date you want me to bring your name up
They're looking to add talent to serious SM stars the new flagship talk station
I would get away from joebell if I were you this is the same Greg Vidal I came there and kissed joebell's ass looking for my job
months ago
I
Remember that oh, we don't know if it's the same Greg Vidal sure it is who else would have that picture for crying out loud
Anyone
Would have that picture of Greg in the little duod if it's on his my space if it's out there on the internet's right click save ass and to yeah
Probably on his my face. He's got 96 friends the little dog on his face. Yeah
Not for long though
Dow is down to 21 not good
Fred Souter who's at Keynesville Community Radio our good old friend Fred finally came out of the closet. I mean
He says hey, I'm not sure if this is the same guy who was news director channel seven when we were w.w.w.o.d
But I thought I passed it along
I don't think he was news director Andrew Asson the woods he was pd at this station
Just started listening about an hour ago. So sorry if somebody already told you no nobody told me Fred from radio ink
November 11, 2000 aid yesterday we had radio ink extend our best wishes to Andrew Ashwood
Asson the woods be pngm an executive producer for Fox Sports Radio
Aswood suffered a massive heart attack yesterday currently is hospitalized in intensive care
Premier radio never said in the statement our thoughts and prayers are with him and his family and Fred Souter says it's going around
It's going around Fred. I'm dying over here. Andrew Asson the woods. Wow. I could take a stir about him, but I won't
Norma can't we'll tell you I already told you
Yeah, ask muffs you'll tell you
Andrew Asson the woods
Speaking of it. Well, I don't want to go into it. I mean when a guy has a heart attack. I don't want to rip him while he's down
Maybe after he's dead, you know, what do you think? All right
243 on a pull fat Chris. Let's see 1101 and 243 1213 144 votes
We're going to top 1350 today
If we stay on till two although I'm kind of thinking to leave him now, you know, maybe I find me a good machine if I get there early
You know, we have a thousand one not 1100 one oh thousand excuse me oh
Well, but we do have two forty nine. So we have a 1250
1250
How about 1260 WGV agent even in New York huh 1230 WJNO wise palm. I don't know what they are now
They keep you know all these companies buy up all these clusters of stations and they change the frequency in the call it is like like the
75 WFTLs we got on there and they all suck you put them together and they still are got a share
Nice work there James crystal radio nice work norm are you hang out with only the real big shots in the radio business
When your agents idea of radio is James crystal radio and Steve Lapa and 850 on the dial with their oh
Share and then the other 25 sports stations. They got oh god
That's the uh that's the crowd he hangs out with
Now the David Ross is gone. They used to be his buddy David Ross
Here is one that says hey Neil. Oh, please send Chris to my office for some good loving tell him uh
I miss him or something. I can't read it
Sign Joe jolly Joe
He misses you Chris oh
You miss him no
Come on
You don't miss that hot sweaty body up against yours. It's never been there
That's not what the flea says and also your good buddy D.A. there at night
You know D.A. Who can't crack a share
Just found them online and thought you'd get a couple of chuckles out of it. Plus today seems to be a slow email day
What comas what what comes around goes around actually
Oh
No, the inquirer's exclusive bomb shell expose as John McCain's wife Cindy is cut with another man
Not only that but maybe multiple witnesses have caught the pair lip locking on several other occasions
I couldn't believe I was watching Cindy McCain passionately kissing and hugging another man
That's the stun reaction of eyewitnesses who also said she watched in shock and snap photos as the former presidential candidates wife
Romantically kissed a long-haired man who resembles washed up 80s rock musician. It's the one of them. We don't know which one
Searches until the inquirer investigative team
The pair have been in concerts and sporting event. Oh who the hell cares. Okay
That drug addict bitch. Oh
Mori says keep playing Mickey Mouse audio. They're great
Says the Mori
No
So
I keep playing Mickey Mouse audio. No, I got a good idea for the rest of the hour
Well, no, this might make him happy. I'll just play
I
Know why does it have like an echo on oh you're playing
I
I
Yeah, there you go there girl more. I hope you enjoyed it
Okay, let me get to my polar goodies here because the emails are done the phone
It well there might be a couple of mon there. I'm not too crazy about it WQ. I am hello
You know what I'm sure you got no show you got no waiting
Yeah, why are you listening you have this is the same old code from two hours
You're still listening you put medical code go take your teeth and show them up. You're like them. Oh my god
Sixth ampollot and then they're after you're done
Wow
Same old kut that called two hours ago
Wow, that must be Lucas Lucas Pedolski or remember Lucas from yesterday
Lucas vanished there especially after he blurted out about the political stuff, you know
Just another pissed off McCain right wing Nazi bastard
And then he's then he thanks this for getting him off the religious kick it didn't make any sense at all
You know all over the place
WQ a.m. Hello. Well, that was quick. Hey, you know a little heads up on that emotion
River River can stay away like ass, man
I practice that the bad name
If don't put any mushrooms on it and she's stuck. Oh, but other than that it's okay
Okay, well, that's one of our fine sponsors. We're certainly not gonna put that on here
I dumped it good
Maybe he dumped it too
Sounds like it
Sounded pretty nervous sounded like maybe he was coming from across the street
Maybe he was looking to old naked pictures of Joel Feinberg
12 minutes after one at five sixty WQ a.m.
The biggest names the best talent. It's the big dog Joe Rose
Weak damn morning seven at 10
Sports radio five sixty Q.A.M.
The sports leader
us
well
The
He
Me
Get
They search it every wall or Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Well the bombs kept falling till they're deserts
We got too close to down
In the town we're searching for them everywhere
Well it's back till they made it town
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
They're on the land for a good sign
They search it every
They search it every wall or Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
Taliban on the run
There are many trillion entries on the internet
about Charlie Christ's gay
I just found something somewhat interesting
Charlie Christ was married once when he was 23
from 1979 to 1980 for seven months to a woman
Amanda Moro the realtor
She is reportedly living in an open lesbian relationship with
Mildred G. Harrison
This is all open information found in tabloids and open records
After this no steady girlfriend for Christ
No open flirtations nothing
Right around the time he was running for governor
There were claims of a steady girlfriend here and there
And then of course when he was hoping to be the VP
Pick for McCain all of a sudden this wedding got announced
How do you like that?
It says here hey Charlie
Just come out and see you like the Greek love man
What? I said hey
He's a geek who likes the Greek
That's your limperous governor Christ
Not that it makes a difference except the fact he's a Republican
And a hypocrite in a liar but other than that
And also covered up from his folly by the way
Birds of a feather
Pluck together
These are good steady decent men who don't go around flipping people
Offer screaming eff you with the top of their lungs
MSNBC host Joe Scarborough said
I'm live Monday broadcast of Morning Joe
Reminiscent of his slip in 2006
When he called an introduction from Tucker Carlson
Pretty effing awesome
The reason that he says the F-Bomb on TV is because he's not a
Broadcaster he says another washed up ex-politician
Everybody's a broadcaster in America
Everybody's on TV and radio
By the way don't forget to big oh rock solid
I'm sorry
Monday's gap came about as Scarborough
Praise President elect Obama's campaign
Advocates while criticizing a contrary
Heavy-handed approach by Rahm Emanuel
Who's service chief of staff and the Obama Cabinet
MSNBC as spokesman Jeremy Gaines told the AP
Told came to the mutual decision to add a seven second delay to the
Networks morning Joe no other shows will be similarly delayed
That's because quiss Matthews and the
Oldman and even pasty faced Rachel Maddo
Don't swear on the air
That Rachel Maddo she she just annoys the hell out of me
Mm-hmm I tried watching a little bit last night
I just can't watch her she just she just
Goes out of her way to be pasty faced dikey
I mean well what is what is the point of that I mean she's entitled to do that I just I just can't look at her
Maybe she likes that look maybe other dikes like that look maybe that's what she's trying to attract maybe she's maybe that's the MSNBC
Thing for her show
Works for Ellen I guess
Dikes
But at least at least Ellen I think looks a little you know I mean she's butch but she don't look like some kind of a diesel truck driving bull bike
Rachel won't even put on no lipstick or mascara or even like
Finger and fingernail polish
Why does she do that she looks she and it makes her look so damn gross
She looks like an ugly guy
Mm-hmm
You know what I mean nothing Keith Olberman's a good looking guy or anything like that but at least he's got credibility
She lacks credibility because all she's doing is ripping off his act and all his guests and she sits there looking like a
A pasty faced dike
Not that there's anything wrong with being a pasty faced dike I just don't think I want to see my my TV set
With the same stupid ass guests
Oh yeah
I love Olberman but boy the same
My god people like give us crap about we got no no new material and know this and that every single here's Howard Feynman again and last night
It's funny because he did look like he swallowed a canary like I said yesterday
He always has that smirk on his face like he just saw good evening Howard good evening key high Keith high Keith
It's always the same
He doesn't say anything none of them say anything
Oh Brandon says tell those goofballs to stop messing around with the internet stream because in the middle of the last bit they cut you off to run a spot
You're back on the year but I think fact Chris has got something to do with it because I want to remove him from his post via the firing squad
Brandon's got your ass and line tell me get a life
There's screwin with the streaming well, you know they're screwin with whatever they can I wouldn't be surprised pretty soon if it's on the air
If jolly joseph in somebody in a control room to start pochking around with the pots pochky with the pots
Would it surprise you not in the least now just like that bit says she'll joys and Joe will do any and of course they're accomplice their partner in crime clearance
Do anything to destroy the show and by the way magnificent job wait till that trend comes out next Wednesday right in the cramp
Still a highest numbers on the station though when I have a feeling they still will be I could be wrong
Maybe jolly gets some more wired 2534 man diaries in the morning and beat us I doubted them
270 votes on fat Chris's pole shaving my face 99 what a waste of time
What do we got how many nice say I
I have 262 70 you have what I have 269 but I guess this is more current 12 70 way I'm way ahead of you man you're down the road with a heavy load looks just like jolly jo bill
I can just see you carrying jolly jo over the altar no
Carrying him across the door in the honeymoon suite at falls view and I recalls he would have the bunny there goes your money
Don't gamble in a tourist trap is my best advice to you folks out there you want to lose your money lose it where you might have a little bit of a chance I
Like the hard rock you like it I like it fine
George goes gambling there all the time in fact I sent George some money so we can go gamble there in pairs bill
I never gamble there just gone there well, I don't blame run around to
I'm going to go more tell I beg your pardon
You know I spoke to you didn't you promise me we're going to die soon now I'm not ready to die yet why not because I want to live a long time
I'm dying on the head yes
Yes, what the world isn't ready for that okay, they want you to die before the end of the show never
38 minutes hey you think we're ever getting some talk station down here no no no okay look at that have a good day bye-bye
Bye-bye bye-bye oh boy we are really desperate we have hit rock rock bottom
Believe me rock bottom oh rock bottom
Am I right yep no items in this view on the on the internet on our
Email which you promised me was gonna like bail us out was gonna change the world
Promise me said I toyed it this years ago take those emails Neil gonna change the whole complex of the show
Even if I Chris's it's are gonna disappear say what how's your buddy Josh Cordis doing by the way I don't know
He comes sucking around for a check again anytime soon. I'm gonna really grow ballistic. I'm gonna tell you that right now
He bugs and Brandon's probably gonna come down there with a shotgun
Do a two for one deal Q.A. Am hello. Hey Neil what's going on buddy? How are you doing sir? Hey?
Car running but your BMW
I'm not I don't have a BMW. Yeah, Mercedes. I'm a refrigerator. I'm picking up yet. Oh
Yeah, yeah, no
I want to thank you for taking that call among the poor slack I called in I
You know as soon as you said the third word I knew it was you
No, it's good to hear it. Yeah, here's the deal. I want you to die too just like blind Mike
This boyfriend quarter-slot guy and his accomplice
Well, we want to hear the quarter-slot guy and of course the obvious question for anybody with an IQ more than one
Why would anybody want to hear that annoying phony affected the sound too many sound maybe he knows the spokesman
WQ. I am hello
Neil how are you today? Okay? Hey, you had your dog for a long time didn't you I had two dogs? Yeah for a long time
When you come home from work
Do you find it very quiet in your house now do you miss your pets my dogs died like years ago?
Right do you miss that or do you like not having a pet now if I could have a dog in this building? I'd have one but I can't have one
So yeah, you would you miss them so much that
Well, let me see
Like I'm coming home every day and it's like yeah, it's just things you're quiet now, right? That's right. There's a sense of yeah
Like I was just missing you'd quiet. There's you know, right? That's right. I didn't know if you you know
You always said I dog whenever it is whatever it is
But I wondered if you if you missed well, I mean it's a dog whatever it is. I love my dogs you can me
I was surprised you hadn't gotten another you really I can't get another one here. What are what?
We're doing you understand why do you keep going around like a dog chasing its tail?
I can't get one here. I can't have pets in this building other than Mexicans
Yeah, see
Did you think maybe that guy's got like a hearing problem? Do you miss your dogs?
Everything about getting another dog I
Heard you got a Mexican hairless. Yeah, that's true
I don't know how Brandon or any other of your email friends
I don't know them but I have to give a crisp credit for shooting them the finger and telling me good life
Nothing pisses me off more than these professional radio critics says whoever. Oh, this is this go
These are the same people who say Georgia shows sucks and you're mailing it in they just pretend to side with you
So you can read their stupid emails on here. It's the 15 seconds of fame. You don't have to read this on here
Let Chris know I said good job with again good life to a what's his face. Thank you Cisco
Go Chris pull God says this go
Be where is this go one day he's your friend in the next day look out
Like it
Am the fourth leader the biggest names the best talent the mad dog
Yeah, man, it's oh
4th radio 560 Q a M the sports leader
Fuck it in and hold it first
Let me be clear. I am gay. I have been gay
Furthermore, I love sex
Because of that I will seek inappropriate conduct at the Minneapolis airport or anywhere else
Again, I am gay and I should have told my family and my friends about it
I
Should not have kept my wife
Because I am gay
I'm coming out today. I hope you appreciate my openness to all of you. Thank you very much
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident in an airport
Men's room a defiant statement from Idaho Senator Larry Craig. I am not gay. I
Have been gay. I
Know I am not gay
I have been gay
I
I
Know
In 1982 the newspaper reported Craig had sex with a man in a bathroom at Union Station in DC
But now I know your gaze so it's all good girlfriend
From 85 and a pool our goal is 1300 for the combined two polls and then we're gonna have a party and
Then Chris gets a big raise
Not
I doubt it. Why not?
I haven't had one in three years though my kid for my ass is Neil this these callers effing blow
It actually makes me long for the chronic from lutes. He says at least that guy was someone entertaining compared to these ass puns on the air
Please tell fat Christian sports authorities got a sail on knee pads for his next encounter with jolly Joe
Hey sports authorities got a sail on knee pads
The
Selling life for that guy Jim and gets filled New York near Buffalo Jim who's chronic
He said did you say this you had rock bottom? I haven't emailed yet. I even emailed him back. I said good point Jim good point you are rock bottom
The mother of a 16 year old student in the Allison Park suburb of Pittsburgh
Was shocked when her daughter repeated disparaging remarks made about Barack Obama by a teacher's aid in her vocational high school
One of the teachers aid said that Obama was gonna be shot and killed
Mara Gilligan told KDK a news and that our flag is gonna be the KFC Kentucky fried chicken flag and the new national anthem will be
Moving on up and then all my daughters beliefs were wrong and her children's lives are gonna be ruined because Obama was elected
Can you see racist bitch my god?
The new national anthem be moving on up. Although I do like that song. It's your better in the star spangled banner
Isn't it?
Yep, moving on up to the east side I like that song the new flag is gonna be the KFC flag. I didn't know KFC had a flag
But I sure like those damn chicken popcorn chickens
It's good stuff KFC has a flag I
Don't know if you had a window you could look out the window right there. It's right next. Oh, hey, look at that
I don't see look out the window cut one out
Gilligan who is white said that her biracial daughter took the comments personally being biracial
She was overjoyed that someone of color was elected and was happy and excited to come to school
And for this teacher to yell these things that her and her fellow classmates was just un-unbelievable
Believable a teacher with the AWBD career center over her the comments filed a complaint with a principal and Gilligan
Ascends received an email from the administrative director saying the aid would be suspended and disciplined
However, the school would not comment to KDK a on the story
You don't have to yell at other people especially our youths who are excited about the election Gilligan concluded
I mean anybody should want that to happen especially a teacher and for you to destroy that joy that they have because of an election is terrible
It's like those are Rick and Spudsman. It's terrible
South Western Pennsylvania was repeatedly cited during the presidential campaign as a stronghold of racist attitudes and even
Representative John Murtha who represents the district needs to be east of Pittsburgh a Ross controversy when he referred to many of his own constituents as racists
Two organizations have been described as explicitly racist appear to be located in Allison Park where the incident occurred
The American National Union which has its mailing address here and a chapter of the citizens council of America
How do you like that?
National anthem is going to be a boogie boogie or whatever. I'm moving on up to the inside
Boy
Scary now here's that story about some mom
At this year vast wealth of a religious knowledge
Right this this week the US Supreme Court will hear the case of a federally recognized church called a cult by opponents
Whose followers have come under fire for the desire to have their seven aphorisms put alongside the ten commandments in public places
Some mom SUMMUM some mom
Was founded in 1975 by SUMMUM Bonum Amon Ra or Korki Ra
Nate Claude Korki Norwell after an encounter with summer individuals said to have introduced him to concepts regarding the nature of creation
Which are said to be reintroduced to humanity throughout time by advanced beings
Some of them teaching combined Nostocrystianity with new age philosophy and mummification rituals with no particular recognized deity aside from p.
Perhaps the collective mind of the universe the collective mind of the universe
Wow
All of these things some mom is also Utah's first federally bonded winery due to authorities insistence that the organization's spiritualist
Nectars which are produced as a meditative meditative aid qualify as wine boy Jimmy Cifalus was in a wrong business
You know you should go out there and hang out with some moms
What I mentioned Jimmy's hang out with some moms
Hey Jimmy you fairy
The supreme court and hearing pleasant growth city versus SUMMUM will address whether or not the municipality of pleasant
Grove Utah's required to allow some mom and seven aphorism statue to be placed alongside a privately donated ten commandments
Monument the city's pioneer park as SUMMUM requested in 2003
The 10th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of SUMMUM in April 2007 saying that SUMMUM was denied its right to free speech
And has been subjected to discrimination
Several Utah municipalities removed their ten commandments monuments entirely in response
Liberty council attorney Matt Staver told one news now that SUMMUM was a cult
That has some kind of Egyptian religion associated with it
Staver contended that al-Qaeda would be allowed to direct the companion monument to the donated
911 memorial or a statue of tyranny to stand alongside the statue of liberty
It would require for example if someone donates the Vietnam Memorial
Which in fact has been made by private funds that someone else could come and donate something that is contrary to the theme of the Vietnam Memorial of Washington DC
The seven aphorisms for SUMMUM's teachings are in companion to the 10 commandments
According to SUMMUM Moses first ascended Mount Sinai with a new higher law the seven aphorisms
But they were ultimately only shared with those advanced enough to understand them like Joe Bell
The 10 commandments were Moses seconds at the stone tablets
According to the teachings the lower law that was easier for common people to understand or arguments are underway today
Ain't the arguments start next week
Those are the ones that Chris wants to see
Huh, I wonder if you enjoy have any anal arguments
No, they have they have them in the orifice
So what I'm hearing probably another spy report from DA tomorrow
It's getting a little bit out of control without a hand
Brandon says isn't what this goes in that last email hypocritical because
He emailed you to complain about people who complain about things on the show
I really don't have a beef with anybody on or about the show other than quarters and fact Chris
And fact Chris is just recently George is good people and by the way sounds very perky in the spot
I heard on the stream. Well, that's because it's about naked broads sure
They they've paid me for extra perqueyness
And he's getting paid for it right he can get real perky for your painful. That's right
Neil can you please watch this gay clip of
Kimbo in the shower
Of ace venture repetitive. Yeah, I've seen it. It's a gross and I don't want to see it again
Mike says can you play a marked fully bit before the end of the show please do we have miss oh yeah? What's that one call
Which one do we have a couple fully?
Wait a minute
That's it all right
That's it yes, I will what what does that certainly qualifies for the show today
Digging out some old treasures man some real treasures and by the way Charlie Limpress Chris you're fairy
good
Are you sure
Well
Maybe
Nice
Another
לים
For having too much fun with too much rolling
Here's Charlie Christ can't be far behind now
He's just a dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove
dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove, dove. heepаф아아.. yeep! 1-0..3isl.. 16th ms.. 14, 2ag4
when he first saw this
maybe wow do you know, something I think we'll take some calls he's the last 15 minutes
Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and AT&T wireless line because there's no more emails.
And I got some really great articles here but they're way too long and I don't want to read no more.
Oh, a computer ad campaign spoiled by a song from Odin, sex offender Gary Glitter.
I'll say these for tomorrow. What was the other thing I was saving for tomorrow?
I don't know. Oh, the new bits. Yeah, no items in this view.
Even though the fake Greg Vue down never got back to us, we got 1301 on the total on the pool today.
All right, Tommy. How do you like that? Very happy. I'm looking at that phone. No, looks awfully
quiet to me. And we got six minutes to kill here. The phone looks dead as a door now.
Here's their chance. WQA Am hello.
We ask you something real. Yeah. What is the set you have against that road?
What's wrong with his talent and also what's wrong with 40 show?
Let me ask you. Footy got fired. Footy don't have a show anymore. Footy's off the air.
We got five. Let me say it again. Footy's off the air.
Oh my god. These people are older than a thuseless great grandpa.
Wow. What's wrong with footies? They show what we're sitting. Sid Rosenberg.
Oh my god. Sid Rosenberg sucks.
I got the greatest guest from from an MBA. I got this. I got that. Yeah. You got squatting.
You got no numbers either. WQA Am hello.
I'd rather listen to sunny Rosenberg. Yes, sir.
Questions? Joe Bell who caught you, Chris.
What? I don't have any idea what word he was trying to say.
No idea. I don't think it anyway. Just to be extra safe.
302 on your pole today. So you may be Tuve and I'm not just in doing a lot of
nasty things with Joe Bell, but nevertheless you're still the polemeister.
Yeah, that's me. WQA Am hello. Hey Neil, how you doing?
Okay. I got a quick question for you. In regards to Obama being elected, I have no problem with it.
I wish you're the best in the luck and all that.
You know, being that obviously the majority of the United States want them to win anyway,
but I got a question. How come somebody be considered you know, an African-American if they're mixed
if they're either half white, half white? Let me ask you this question. What difference does that make?
So I don't, I'm just saying. I don't. I don't. I don't. I mean, talk about coming up.
We're really reaching to come up with something stupid. I mean, most of our people are stupid,
you know, with with a minimum of effort into the criteria and the olden days,
with the separate water fountains and all that stuff. Right. It was real simple. If they look black,
they are a chat room would be nice on you, Neil Rogers.com. Oh, yeah. Yeah.
Likely story. You should live so long, Andreys. Get a life. You are great, Neil, but I don't know what
I would do without you. No chat room. We already been down that road. And what about Frank Sinatra?
Beautiful voice. The pole from like six weeks ago. Yeah.
Mm hmm. Well, he's still got some material there as opposed to what makes him African-American.
If he's only half, uh, yeah, how about half African-American? I was that you jerk. God.
And you know, interestingly, I don't there are black people here. I never heard in my life of a
African-Canadian. No. No. I never heard of an African German. I saw lots of black people in Germany
in Netherlands. I never heard of a African Dutch. Only an America as Jay Black would say.
So what did you think of that picture of Tony Dow, pretty scary, huh? No, I don't know how old he is now.
110, whatever. But if I get to be that agent, look, half that decent, uh, I'll be happy. Oh, yeah,
but come on. Why do you look healthy? Yeah. I'm out of the live. Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah. Hello. I want to answer the dolphin.
Give you a question. WQ. Y.M. Hello.
Veal. Yes. I know you don't have anything to do with it, but love 94. Why did they decide to go to
Christmas music in the middle of November 24 hours a day? They're playing Christmas music. Yeah.
What marketing executive came up with that idea? They did it last year and maybe, maybe Joe Belk and salted.
Oh, man. It's terrible. I mean, you know, it's bad. I don't think it has started at the end of summer. But, uh, you know,
here it's mid November and let me let me say something to you. I mean, I'll honesty. Okay. This should be your worst problem.
That's my advice. You think that's good sound advice? Yes. This should be your worst problem, sir.
And I have another easy solution. Just for just like for the people I hate this show, don't listen.
If they're playing Christmas music or something, you don't like don't listen.
Can an iPod listen to some music that you actually like if there is any?
It's more of the same. Where?
God, I just I don't know how people cope with the negativity. I'm supposed to be Mr. Negative. I
get that knock all the time. Oh, Neil is so negative. No, I'm not positive. I'm positive about that. I'm
positively negative. I mean, I'm negatively positive. Look at that. No items in this view. Good. We clean. We
are clean. The slight maybe Greg Vudelle is in those important high level meetings now. And maybe we'll be
on serious someday soon. Oh boy. What's going to happen when they shut down serious XM? When their stock
goes down to like penny stock? What's going to happen then? I don't know. I don't know. I mean, when you look at
some of the great, they got the Lynn Samuels on there and they got Alice Bennett. They got there.
And they tell might be on there. What I googled the Boudelle but all I can find is that station in Alabama
with the banjo on his knee and that little puppy looking him. He had to have somebody kiss him. It sure
wouldn't have been human. Greg Vudelle, boy, they hate you. And of course, they can actually could be
the real one. You want to know why? Because he's obsessed with his show like so many other people
have come through this market who have come and failed badly like Joey. Obsessed with his show.
Am I right? Yep. Like Mo. Absolutely. Remember Mo used to listen like 24-7 when he was down here.
He was home in Boka listening to the radio.
WQ.
Will we should stay away because we all had our day? We might forget the words so please be kind.
Sure we're all done being in a little grumpy and we got too much free time. Take it safe.
Take it safe. Take it safe. Don't want to start a new career because we're lazy.
Catching it while we're still okay. We're raging rebels in New Haven.
It's rockin' roll, start sound and land when you take it safe.
And he says that cries are told in washes of payload but they made a pin that's all behind.
Take it and we'll splether, get it back together. We'll wave past our pride.
Take it safe. Take it safe. Don't let our conscience take it and cry to it.
Drive your crates. Come on play. Money's crazy.
You know couple's billion more. It's gonna save me.
Go over gone. We're gonna make it easy.
The biggest names of death pellets. Are you sure?
And you're open for Miami Dolphins football.
Ready, go five sixty WQAM.
Miami on Saturday.
