The music's pressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts.
I'll take a one thing at the level coming from there was any lower I could be on the moon and you could be in another
solo system.
Here, make that make me up.
505-16.
Right, you with me?
Wow.
Oh, I'm going to be on the moon.
Or, I think they're all roging, so here I am.
505-60WGAM presents the Neil Roger Show.
And he comes to me with a lot of time, just at all the fun.
He can stay and run.
In other counties, talk about old told here is 8778-5-Neil, or pound 560-180-T and Verizon wireless power.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his yet for lies, do not represent those of the GAM management staff.
And for sponsors, now the Neil Roger Show, and 505-60WGAM.
Stentio Palmonor covers over this performance by the Dolphins.
My Annie has the Dolphins, and here we go again.
Another losing season that's never gone and they never win, they never will.
And I will never know why sports are a straight-ed victim.
No one is super-full in their little Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in the lead?
I'm a turdman.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The same old story, nothing new.
The Dolphins are such losers, they really are quite lame.
I knew it from the very start, I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the wimpy way, it's saving through that flag, standing on the sidelines.
We looked just like a bag and there the Miami Dolphins.
You heard Miami Dolphins.
Yeah, Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in the lead?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Their problems stick to their white glue.
All right.
The Dolphins lost a football wall and then he can't see.
It's only by sheer luck that they pulled out a victory.
And then they played the Texans in almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play that fumbling on site.
And there the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in the lead?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
All in the morning these new shoes, you're fair.
A Dolphins can control the ball, they're running, game is flat.
As for their execution, well I'd agree with that.
They're always gone up low a lead of that he can be sure.
And when they leave the field still has the stench of common door.
And there the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number, how many jeans in the lead?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of blue.
Oh, it's so hard.
It's so hard.
A Dolphins have no strategy, they play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the Patriots and jets.
I think they're all retarded, it's almost like their curse.
F. Jason Taylor, Ensect Thomas, which team is the worst?
And they'll say, Miami Dolphins.
Oh, Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number four, what the hell, thirty-two?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're true.
Oh yeah, we got fat Chris back with us this week,
who was in Orlando all week last week on vacation?
Yep.
We sure missed a bad.
Oh, all you two kind.
Now we did, we missed you.
We had flea in there who was a good guy, but he had no idea what he was doing.
And then we had cordists for a part of a day until the food came in on Thursday,
and then he sucked up a big steak and then ran out.
That's cool.
He's not doing the job.
Let me tell you, Judge Cordis, I sure hope you're listening because I sent you 15-20 stories
and you put on five for yesterday on our website, and I sent you another 15 or 20,
and you put on seven for today, and you want to check?
Get a Jack.
We give you a body check.
We'll send the tydoman to your house.
God.
Now I want you to think about this email from Bob and Naples.
The fact that he emailed me tells me that he knows that we're emailing.
We're not taking calls anymore that we're emailing.
Right?
Right.
Well, he knows we're emailing.
Not necessarily that we're not taking calls.
Well, how about...
Come on.
Bob in Naples says, this is an example of a kind of crap that comes in on here, although we didn't get enough of a lot of crap over the weekend.
Although the best crap came from Eddie, not that Eddie, but another crazy Eddie.
Maybe people like Eddie most there are crazy.
Bob in Naples says, I haven't heard the Madacone guy calling quite a while.
Have I just been listening at the wrong time?
I recall it pulled you took some time back and he was the favorite chronic among your listeners.
Thanks and keep it up, says Bob in Naples.
Every hear from the Madacone guy.
I mean, seriously, when you read this, you wonder if there's any future for the human race.
Am I overreacting or what?
No.
I mean, talk about stupid and especially for any caller that you miss.
Madacone.
I mean, that takes a lot of care.
I mean, I sure miss him like a gigantic tumor on my earlobe.
Come on, Bob in Naples.
I realize being over there affects your mental growth, but come on.
Here's a great campaign button that somebody emailed me.
It says, attention, Sarah Palin.
Jesus Christ was a community organizer.
Pontius Pilate was a governor.
Oh!
It's a beauty.
And of course, Eddie, I'm sure will be very upset.
Quick pick it on Sarah.
What kind of an adult would say?
Stop picking on Sarah.
Uh, not bagged?
I'm not a right wing nut job, a lunatic.
I dare you to read my email to your audience today.
Well, guess what?
No, I'm not being there.
But what if he sold it?
I'd double dog dare you.
What if he sold it?
I'd double dog dare you.
I'd double dog dare you to put bug in me.
Okay, leave me alone.
Send your emails to Russia and Sean Hannity and Bill O.
And all the other right wing lunatics, okay?
Who share your life of common sense and decency?
Eddie.
Stop picking on.
And I dare you to read the email.
And the email is just bagged.
So that's right.
I hope you'll be fair and have the balls to read this email to your audience.
And stop picking on Sarah.
Says Eddie, Eddie, Eddie, Eddie.
You're a crazy person.
Eddie, leave me alone.
Don't darken my email.
Okay?
By the way, the email is neilatneuronjus.com.
It's pretty simple.
I don't know.
Well, that's simple enough for these people.
But it's pretty simple.
Well, they don't even have to spell it.
They just...
Some day we'll get to that level where we figure out something simple enough for the crown.
And of course, Jolly Jo Bell now and our engineering staff are working feverishly on the phone
system.
Oh, yeah, I'm tracking the phone calls and tracing it.
Yeah.
And not that I'm not taking any calls.
Now they're getting their act together.
Too late.
Of course, it's out of the barn.
He's down the road.
He's already halfway to Chile.
And now they're worrying about the ball.
And boy, you talk about technical nightmares.
The signal has evaporated especially at night.
I feel bad for D.A. because not only is he following an hour of dead air with a dolphin tonight
thing, but he also is on a time when nobody can hear the signal.
But that aside, how can I get that point?
Oh, we got a trend coming out Friday morning at 10 for your ratings buffs.
You know, the ratings guy and the quarter-slot guy and mighty colon.
Mata colon that guy who Bob and Naples misses so badly.
Maybe it is Bob and Naples.
I actually heard the station in Orlando one of the days.
I was like flipping channels to see what was on up there.
And all of a sudden, I came on.
I'm like, whoa.
You can't hear it in Dayton, Rowered.
Not too many diaries up there in Orlando.
No, this market.
And what time was this? Was this during my show?
It was the afternoon.
So I guess Orlando was on, which was surprise me that I heard like Orlando on.
Oh, I'm sorry.
How fast did you turn that off?
Well, I listened to a mixture that was actually our station and then I changed it to see what else was on up there.
So what do you think about the stories?
You think you want to do the bedtime stories?
You do you want to do the thing about it?
I can probably do them.
I just got to get the information from what's the name?
How to do all of it?
Eric?
Yeah.
From Eric.
Not Josh.
Josh is, I'm sure that Brandon will be thrilled at it.
But Josh Cortus has, because I checked him, I all look at his press.
You can see how many, you know, what you sent.
You know what I mean?
And I sent, and I was right.
I sent the usual whole bunch of stories on Saturday and yesterday for today and etc.
And he puts on just like a tiny handful, which I can relate to that.
But that don't cut it with our stories.
When people go on there to read the stuff we're putting out, I don't want like five out of 20.
That's not a good, you know, racial, or man goes online.
That sucks.
So let's think about giving it to a fat Chris.
George is all for it, even though he does want me to say that on the air,
because he does want to offend his good friend, Josh Cortus.
Whatever you say.
Well, that's what you said.
You don't want to get in the middle of it.
Yeah, I hate it.
Am I miss quoting you?
I don't want to get in the middle of it.
That's exactly right.
It has nothing to do with getting in the middle of it.
It has to do with getting the stories on the GD website.
That's what it has to do with.
God.
For somebody who's such a hard-ass, most of the time, you sure,
to be caught, I like clothes of these people, and I don't want to get in the middle of it.
I don't dislike George Cortus in spite of what the goofball brand
and says, I don't dislike him.
I just want to see the stories up there.
And he's a goofball.
When he's busy getting drunk and getting laid in whatever else,
he's always a photo fat Chris, who's like, you know,
is busy sitting on the sofa somewhere, eating.
Someone I claim to hate but secretly admire,
this is the poll from Friday, 920 votes.
I live in South Florida.
I hate everybody, 501.
Donald Trump, 66, Hillary, 52, Wayne Heising, 47.
That was before the dolphin game, though.
I beg you to say they don't secretly admire him any more.
After that dismal, this is graceful.
I mean, that was unspeakable, like performance yesterday.
31 to 10, my ass, it could have been 630 to nothing.
Oprah 44, George Rodriguez 38.
They hate you, but they love you.
Mohawar David and it is 28.
You're truly 24, five with George W. Bush 24.
The big tuna Bill Parcell's 21, I wonder if they admire him this morning.
Dr. Phil 18, Sarah Palin 18.
Oh, could pick it on poor Sarah.
Grow up already, Eddie, go get you some mental help.
Condoleezah 15, Barack Obama 12, John McCain 8,
and Joyce the bitch for.
Joyce bitch the bitch for.
Now what's the poll we got on there right now?
It's an oldie, it's a demographic poll.
And boy, it is depressing. Wow.
I don't know when the previous one that I took that off of,
we did years ago.
Well, I sure though.
Pull ID 28.
I never even noticed that before.
Do we still have that a pull ID?
I think so.
We do? No, we don't.
It's not one on today's poll.
Pull ID, pull 28.
Maybe Eric can give us the date from when we did that.
Let me go back to another oldie.
Yeah, pull 8, pull, yeah, I guess so.
So pull 28, that's long time ago.
Yep, what is your gender and age group?
What is your gender and age group?
We had 495 votes this time.
Although we had only 644 the first time.
I don't know how that's possible.
I must not have had it on there very long.
Maybe George took it off.
Yeah, that must be it.
prematurely.
Mail 35 to 54, 278.
That seems to be the bulk of our audience.
56.1% that's up 20% over the original pull 80, 100 years ago.
Mail over 5,524, 25%.
And that's also way up, way up.
North to Alaska.
Mail 25 to 34, 42.
That's way down.
Boy, that is way down.
Way down.
Female 35 to 54, 22.
Female over 55, 10.
Mail 18 to 24, 10.
Way down, way down.
Female 25 to 34, 6.
That's a little bit down.
Mail under, a female under 18, 2.
Mail under 18, 1.
Both of those down.
And female 18 to 24, we don't have anybody.
We had 9 to first time.
We had 495 people checking in.
It's not a pull of the survey.
It's enough to break my heart.
Female 18 to 24, we have none so far.
Although we are getting plenty of emails from ladies, the ladies.
How are we doing with the ladies?
George is doing good with the ladies.
No?
What?
I said it's time for the break.
Oh.
Get your name.
The best talent.
Get it.
You're a Roger.
Fourth, we have 552 AM.
The fourth leader.
New portion of this program will be introduced in our next episode of...
The Information at WQAM, B.P. Broadcast Group Incorporated.
You know in T.A.Y.S.U.C.A.S.
Oh, you can tell your fans.
You don't like their demands.
If they have some request, you just say no.
And then tell Walmart Kent to tell their management.
You want nobody messing with your show.
Go round from ten to two.
And when your shift is through, tell George you can relax and smoke some weed.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you miss great grief.
Yeah, he did it.
He did it.
But don't play a fart.
The sound of a fart.
I don't think George would understand.
Cause if you play a fart, the sound of a fart.
You'll be in trouble with the peacefully cleaned.
Ooh!
Ooh!
Ooh!
What do you do?
Don't do it.
Don't play a fart.
Ten, nineteen, and five, sixty, WQM.
Let's take a look at that schedule on a Monday.
We got the big, oh, it's two o'clock.
Rock solid.
Mad Dog and Chula State two, it's four.
A lot of gnashing of teeth, I'm sure, not a wheeling as the realization comes at the bill par cells.
The big tuna era is going to be just as bad and if not worse than the ones that preceded it.
The scam scammer era.
Even Chris would admit that yesterday's performance was bad.
Bad.
Pragic.
Humiliating.
Scandalists.
Dolphins that I'd seven away, and then of course the D.H.O. tries to follow that eight to eleven o'clock.
Here's the email just came in from 6666.
It says, the only people still listening to your show are old malcontent jury after it allosers.
How do you enjoy Hurricane Ike and Shmitty Toronto?
Well Hurricane Ike didn't really, and we had little rain overnight.
No big deal.
See the Sarah's are coming to take away 666 and any crazy, any quit picket on Sarah.
See this is good because with the emails you get, you know, a whole bunch of crazy people just like on the phone.
But different crazy people.
Not that there won't be some chronic on there, but different crazy people.
Right?
Oh yeah.
Mark says, speaking of crazy, went to Pompoidopark Friday and Saturday just wanted to tell you old Bruce Ranger started where he left off nine wins total for the weekend.
Your old friend Wally had a good weekend three wins Friday and four wins Saturday.
I'll keep you up to date on Pompoidoparks as Mark.
No thanks.
Harness racing emails getting a lot of those.
I don't know why.
Here's one from P. Menendez.
It says, here's a story I thought you might enjoy only good old Florida.
From Tallahassee, no less, a 40-year-old man walking his dog in the nude was tazered by police when he refused to follow an officer's commands.
A Tallahassee police department officer on patrol saw the man shortly after 8 p.m. Friday said police spokesman David McCraney.
The man was asked what he was doing till the officer.
A lot told me to watch a Bruce Willis movie and walked the dog McCraney said.
I knew I was evil because anybody would force you to watch a Bruce Willis movie.
So anyway, really good movie that I saw over the weekend Arlington Road.
Yes, with Jack Bridges and Tim Robbins and whoever else.
Excellent.
Not just good, but excellent.
Right.
Riviting.
McCraney said using the tazer was the only way to do the man without having to hurt him.
He was then sent from middle health evaluation and treatment.
He was walking his dog in the nude.
Doesn't say whether he was neutered the dog or both.
Well.
But nevertheless.
Well, what?
Well, well, well.
The dog must have been wearing a collar at least if he was walking in.
How do you know that?
You just see you're making an assumption.
I am judgment.
I am.
You got to have to leave.
You got to watch something.
Judgment, right?
Yeah, that's the only people we've got.
Our bunch of old malcontent.
You know something?
We're doing just fine.
Wait till they, our numbers come out.
Wait till you see Futsi taking it up the old nose again on Friday.
There's OJ, the trial begins in Vegas court today.
I was down to 175 and S&P is way down.
There's another loser.
The S&P is up there.
Remember that guy?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
He put the poor in standard and poor's.
535 people have checked him.
We're almost getting up to that 644 we had total on the first time we did a pull number 28.
The day from now you had or what?
No, is Eric not participating.
What?
There's no date from him.
Oh, why not?
I don't know.
What's wrong with 35 to 54?
What's wrong with that?
Is 35 geriatric?
Yes, I feel very old.
You'll see.
Grand Christian, he'll see if he lives to 35.
If you don't put down the fork.
Oh, our friend Robert from Israel?
Yes.
He said good stuff.
Everyone's wrong.
He sent this.
He sent a nice email here.
Oh, sorry Eddie.
Sorry Eddie.
I love when people tell me what to say on the air.
Oh, since when have you had a right to give your political opinions on here?
How come Rush can give his political opinions?
I told him I sent an email to Rush and tell him to stop giving his political opinions on here.
If I was sitting here doing the right wing propaganda line like 90% of the talk crap in America,
Eddie out there would be just delighted.
Oh, keep up the great work, Neil.
Let him have it.
Rip that schwarzhood of pieces, you know, like that.
With America facing historic debt, multiple war fronts, stumbling healthcare, a weakened dollar,
all-time prison population, skyrocketing, federal spending, mortgage crises, bank foreclosures, etc.
This is an unusually critical election year since Robert and you are, of course.
Absolutely correct.
He says lots of the educational background of our two options.
Obama, Occidental College 2 years, Columbia University, VA political science with a specialization in international relations, Harvard, JD Magducum Laudie.
Biden, University of Delaware, Baxler-Vargin, History and BA in political science, Syracuse University College of Law of JD.
United States Naval Academy, Class Rank, I will wait a minute. This is a McCain.
McCain, US Naval Academy, Class Rank, 894 out of 899. He was fit from the lowest in his class.
And that's it.
Palin, Hawaii Pacific University 1 semester, North Idaho College 2 semesters, General Study, University of Idaho, 2 semesters, journalism,
Man, Metamuska, Sustina College 1 semester, and University of Idaho 3 semesters, VA and journalism.
Now who would you hire, ask Robert in Carosava, Israel?
You tell him Robert, stick it to him baby.
God.
But that's America for you, you know. They like Kakka.
March 21st, 2000.
Kakka?
March 21st, 2000, that's more than eight years ago, eight and a half years ago, back when we had an audience.
Although we only had 644 people checking on that survey. That's pretty weak.
Isn't it?
Yeah.
Well, back in that day, maybe we didn't have all that. If it's only poll number 28, we were just getting the thing rolling.
Mm-hmm.
George was rolling it. And he's still rolling it. Eight and a half years later, he's still rolling the same joint.
Probably going to be a real big one.
That fatty, as we call it.
Biggest you mom is, uh...
Fatty.
That's what fat anymore, she's wasting away.
Is she really? Oh yeah.
Well, there's some good news anyway.
What's your name?
Zuzestowski.
Roger.
Forty-five sixty-two-a-m.
The fourth leader.
You're a band.
That's a new name.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Do-do-do.
Zuzestowski is my life loving you.
If right, we're called really good folks too.
And when it's time to head south and rest,
I wanna go where the living is the best.
I wanna eat what life feels so good.
I wanna live where even the old cat has fun.
I'm my writing for me on those golden rings.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna die.
I wanna live where even the old cat has fun.
And when the old cat has fun,
I wanna live where even the old cat has fun.
And when the old cat has fun,
I'll be cursed down here guys or what?
Her down there.
Now wait till you hear this email.
Okay, Neil at nearrogears.com by the way is the email address and we're off to a pretty
slow start this morning.
Some real swill, some real huzzarive.
But yeah, the bloom is off the road.
It was very exciting and very anew and great and different Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
And of course that Chris wasn't here to enjoy it either.
I think they're doing this just to piss you off.
Oh well.
Oh, they're not happy that you had a week of relaxation and peace and enjoyment in Orlando
last week.
What you got?
Well, that's them.
That's off for them.
This really loves company man.
Ronald Fant, who's one of the chronics on our emailing already, became chronic.
The first day I believe who sends Kaka.
Now wait till you hear this one.
Okay.
Neil, I'm taking a cruise out of the port of Miami this fall and I'm considering staying
at Miami International Days Inn, 7250 Northwest 11th Street.
Is this considered a safe area of Miami?
And if not, can you recommend decimotel near the port?
Thanks Ron.
Hey Ron, call a travel agent as my suggestion.
I don't know where Ron is.
By the way, the answer to that question is no.
No, it is not a safe area.
In fact, there is no such thing as a safe area of Miami, Ron.
But especially that Northwest 11th Street.
That's on the right next to 79th Street or something like that.
Some tourists got killed taking a walk around that place.
Yeah.
And like I said, Ron, by all means, stay there.
If he's flying in their hotels near the airport or downtown that are very ritzy and probably
safer than that, can you recommend a decimotel near the port?
Call a travel agent, Ron.
Okay, we're not doing a travel log here.
I'm not, who's that goofball that does those European travel?
Yeah, they are.
Who, you should know.
I should.
Why?
Why would I want to have a sheriff to watch it on TV?
Why not?
At least if he can't afford to go somewhere when you enjoy watching about it on TV for free?
No.
Oh.
No, because then you get depressed.
That's right.
That's right.
Oh, you recognize the Roman hamster name?
A Roman or Barthadona?
Hamster name, a Roman?
Yeah, you can smell it.
Oh, you recognize the Roman hamster name?
Sure.
Here's Greg, who says, long time, Western Nevercodes is one of the safe things for the
youth.
Oh, you know who I missed?
That's that.
Madakone, that guy.
Haven't heard him along.
Oh, yeah, we all do.
Madakone says Bob and Naples.
It's just, I get some of this stuff on there and I realize either some people are trying
to be funny or a lot of people are just morons.
Maybe that's why the poles are so tight because there are a lot of dumb people out there.
Just they wanted to say thanks for the years of quality entertainment, the call suck.
That's right, Greg, the call suck.
You missed the call, is that Chris?
No.
I'm a little friend.
That's just in case you were having withdrawal pains.
I'm a soft food and native relocated talent.
I have to see, I don't miss it.
I tried to listen a week ago, but the calls were so bad I couldn't take it.
I listened on the internet.
I would like to contribute some silly ideas for the poll and programming.
First for the poll, my famous dead person, we'd like to bring back for an encore performance.
I'll give Gilbert two to four and make him take calls.
They could call him Gilbert's pajama party.
Then all the retards can call another retard.
And then it says, seriously, Curtis would be perfect for that slant.
Yeah, but Curtis doesn't have his head up, clearance is asked.
That's why he didn't get it.
Everybody's always asking, how come Curtis doesn't get his own gig on there?
That's because he's not a, he doesn't kiss enough clearance zero ass.
Isn't that right, Chris?
Um, okay.
And oh yeah, you know how much it gives us.
What? Not sure how much it kisses.
It says, Charlie's getting married.
Anyway, thanks.
What does that mean?
Charlie's getting married.
Chris?
Oh, I see.
I don't think so.
Not no more.
I think the wedding got called off.
I think his wedding got serred.
Bob Herbert speaking of Sarah, all your picket on Sarah get every day in love.
The host to talk about.
No, that's what's going on right now.
That's what I'm going to talk about.
Bob Herbert in the New York Times on Saturday said, she's not ready.
Ready?
While watching the Sarah panel interview with Charlie Gibson Thursday night, and the coverage
of the pale and phenomenon in general, I've gotten the scary feeling for the first time
in my life.
Then dimwittedness is not just on the march in the US.
It might actually prevail.
How was it that this woman could have been selected to be the Vice Presidential candidate
on a major party ticket?
How was it that so much of the mainstream media has dropped all pretenses, seriousness,
to hop aboard the van wagon and go along for the giddy ride?
For those who haven't noticed, we're electing a president and vice president, not selecting
a winner on American Idol.
Miss Palin may be a perfectly competent and reasonably intelligent woman, however troubling
her views on evolution and global warming may be, but she is certainly not ready to be
vice president.
But most candidates for high public office, the question is whether one agrees with them
on major issues of the day.
With Miss Palin's not about agreeing or disagreeing, she doesn't even appear to understand
some of the most important issues.
You believe in a Bush doctor?
Mr. Gibson asked her in the interview, Miss Palin looked like an unprepared student who
wanted nothing so much as to escape this encounter with a school principal.
Cool as she asked, and what respectfully?
Well, what do you interpret it to be, said Mr. Gibson?
His worldview asked Miss Palin?
Question Mark?
Later in the spin zones of cable TV, commentators repeatedly made the point that there are probably
very few voters, some specifically mentioned hockey moms, who could explain the Bush
doctorate.
But that's exactly the reason we have such long and intense campaigns.
You want to find the individuals who best understand these issues, who will address them
in sophisticated and creative ways and enhance the well-being of the nation.
The Bush doctorate, which long opened the doors to the catastrophe in Iraq, was such a
fundamental aspect of the administration's foreign policy that it staggered the imagination,
that we could have someone no further than a whisper away from the White House who doesn't
even know what it is.
You can't imagine that John McKean or Barack Obama or Joe Biden or Hillary Clinton or
Julie Lieberman wouldn't know what the Bush doctor is, but Sarah Palin?
Absolutely, Clueless.
Absolutely.
Miss Palin's problem is not that she was mayor of a small town.
There's only been the Alaska Governor's office a short while.
Her problem in our hours is that she's not well versed in the critical matters confronting
the country at one of the most crucial turning points in its history.
The economies in it tailspin, the financial sector is lurching about on rubbery legs,
where might end up the feeding energy policies where it wore, and we're still vulnerable
to the very wheel-threat of international terrorism.
With all that in more being the case, how can it be a good idea to send a motion of
possibility that Americans might wake up on worrying to find that Sarah Palin is president?
I feel from Miss Palin's son who's been shipped off to the war in Iraq, but at his deployment
ceremony, which was on the same day as the Charlie Gibson interview, 9-11, she told the
audience of soldiers that they would be fighting the enemies who planned and carried out
and rejoiced in the death of thousands of Americans, where she deliberately falsifying
history, or did she still not know that Iraq and Saudi Hussein had nothing to do with
the 9-11 attacks?
The brunus-to-form policy credentials avoid vice presidential candidate, who never even
had a passport until last year, the Republicans have been touting Alaska's proximity to Russia.
Imagine they derisive laughter in conservative circles if the Democrats had tried such nonsense.
So Mr. Gibson asked Miss Palin, what insight into Russian actions, especially in the last
couple of weeks, does the proximity of the state give you?
She said, there are next-door neighbors, and you can actually see Russia from land
here in Alaska, from an island in Alaska.
Mr. Gibson tried again, but what insight does that give you?
He asked into what they're doing in Georgia.
John McCain, who is shameless about promoting himself as America's ultimate patriot, put
the best interest of the country aside and making his incredibly reckless choice of a
running mate.
But there's a profound double standard in this country, the likes of John McCain and
George W. Bush can do the craziest, most irresponsible things imaginable and only seems
to help them politically.
"...away day Monday morning, my day.
Monday morning, it's another Monday.
Monday, Monday, Monday, Monday, that don't mind Monday.
He says those complain acts Italian�.
Oh
This is the one with the bed where he's supposed to go
Right like that, but I'm not gonna do it coming up today on WQ. I am
Yeah rock solid right I was hoping you'd fill it in
I'm busy printing out emails man. I got crap to do here
I got a full-time job here at Orlando, Alza Gary from Tutor for today. Didn't manage in broadcasting from Julien's too. Oh
Robert emailed and said mighty cone. There you go. Here you go Bob the Naples mighty cone
Ho hoho
Hey
would say
But we made a detour on the way to heaven
And into this bedroom we did take a stroll
You're fair, while he was standing in his underwear
So we'd have been over and say a prayer
Both of us wrote and went that thank you, ma'am
I've got my letter by the preacher man behind the rectory
The next day I felt like a sinner
And I showed up to get communion
With all my tongue that was in a way further
And it wasn't one of dripping on my chin
Well, he was standing in his underwear
Told me to been over and say a prayer
Both of us wrote and went that thank you, ma'am
I've got my letter by the preacher man behind the rectory
Both of us
Yeah, he was standing in his underwear
Told me to been over and say a prayer
Both of us wrote and went that thank you, ma'am
I've got my letter by the preacher man behind the rectory
It says anyway that Schmuck who kept calling, predicting you'd stop taking phone calls was of course absolutely correct
Absolutely correct
It says
And I'm predicting this new email stick will be gone shortly
Wrong
We all know that Neil Bertha Rogers-Lini cannot tolerate anyone with opposing views
Any callers with any different opinions must be immediately cut off and screamed at
No matter how civil and polite they present their views
And TV channels such as Fox
Websites such as Drogger radio shows that might even hint at a different opinion must never be turned on
And George knows never to disagree with El Ducche and Neil on any material matter
Faggot
Yeah, that's right
Madi Cohn
Get her right, yes you are
The fascist stubborn, cramudgeonly, Neil Rogers-Ray-Jean cannot deal
Let me read it again
Please, the fascist stubborn, cramudgeonly, Neil Rogers-Ray-Jean
Can I deal with opposing views?
Listen to this, these emails are too raw and unfroated to be tolerated and will soon be gone
They will be tolerated
As if is it, now did anybody force me to read that one?
You know I would have thought of using
I would have stuck crusty in there too by the way
I come in with amusing
So keep in common, 666, whoever you might be
Woo-hoo
And that thing about me disagree with you?
Yeah
We can count on one hand the things we agree on
Right
Everything else we have a slap fight over
Yeah, we agree that our management blows
Right?
We agree that the godfather is a great movie
And it will often suck
Oh yeah, well
Not that you care
That's not arguable though
I care, no, it is not
It's a fact
They blow
They reek
Fat man, after Darko has become a kind of chronic but a good guy, I guess
He says, I tried to get pink grapefruit but my local CVS dealer didn't have it
So I went with pomegranate mango, good stuff and it's not gay
It says the fat man
Well, if it's good enough for the fat man
Don't forget soft soap, pink grapefruit body wash
You'll love it
Alright, I'll put it on the way
And you'll probably start drinking it
Oh, and so the guy that called or sent us the email about shaving with body wash?
Yeah
I tried it on Saturday morning, it is sensation
I love it now
Even better than Gillette Edge
Yeah, really?
Yes
Even around those trouble areas
Pink grapefruit
Just shmere it all over your pussy
And it really is, it gives you a great shave
I'm just telling you
It's up to you
You don't have to use that particular kind, I mean, I guess you can use any kind of body wash
Although some of the body washes are like a gel, not like a gel, but you know what I mean?
Like slimy
He's slimy
Yes, slimy and slimy
Yeah, you know what I mean?
Personally, I'm looking like a dial
Purple pothogradit
Are you using it?
No, no, I've just made that up right there
Well, that's what the fat man said, he's using pothogradit the...
What color is it?
Poiple
What's really?
Poiple
Here's a message from somebody with no name
Oh, Jim
Long time listener never called, I've enjoyed the show for about 20 years plus now
Like many people, I missed the old bits and I'm not considered to have moved by the powers that be
It's tragic how our freedoms granted us as Americans are being taken away by those who want talks shows to conform to their standards
That's because they have a title in more money than God
Anyway, keep up the great job and good luck to us all, says Jim
P.S. Great Show, George
Well, thank you
Although
So you have to take the bag with the good
Oh, yeah
Oh, yeah
Whatever
They can't all kiss your fat ass
Hey, it's not so fat, I want a contest
Mani says, tell George he's full of crap, you're full of crap, George
Oh, oh, mani
How you dare to disagree with a curmudgeonly old fag kneel?
Mani with the technical advice?
No
Okay
I don't know, Mani G
Roo
Different G?
I don't know
This hotel, although not in the best, is in a safe area
Is he talking about the 179th Street?
He says, North West 11th Street between D'Aral and Flagam area
Don't think of it a different place
In D'Aral, I'm on the other end of town based on that address you read
Am I going to have to go through that crap again?
I hope we're not running
We're not running a travel agency here, okay?
For that Ron Fant, who's just chronic is all hell in and everything he sends
I mean, you know, once in a while just for a variety you might sense something that makes sense
P.S. Great Show, enjoy both you and George
So your full of crap, but he enjoys it
I could very easily have my profuse apologies for having the wrong hotel based on that address
You don't have to apologize, and don't be such a wimp
I'm apologizing from the bottom of my heart
My heart is in a safe area of Miami, and I think my response is usual being the curmudgeonly abaster that I am
There is no safe area, man
I apologize
There's all kinds of people lurking with guns and knives and stuff
The rugs
I'm sorry
Nadine and New Jersey says I can't get you on the web
Well, I don't know what to say to Nadine
I've been with you since the garlic festival eight seventies
I live in Hollywood, lived in Hollywood many years
I can't get your eye-car archives
I miss you and not available during the live stream
What can be done?
Miss you, Neil, I've called and thanked you over the years and you're still great
Love Nadine Evans
I remember Nadine over the years, but how does Nadine?
I don't get it
I guess he's just looking at our website and she saw that you could email
Yes
Nadine and Jersey can't get it on the web
Well, there's a lot of people in New Jersey can't get it
And because it smells so bad there
Seriously, well, what could be the reason for that?
You guys are the technical experts?
I don't know because she might be doing something wrong
We don't know that, I'm not gonna presume that, but that's a possibility
Yeah
So unless you're sitting in front of the other person's computer, you can't tell what the problem is
Sorry Nadine, Mom Nadine can't hear me anyway
Right
Let's see how that survey is coming, okay?
Maybe we'll have more than that 644, but that was a pretty policy total
What are you shooting for, Chris? It's a survey, not a pool
It's good, I know
What?
Yeah, why not?
It's good for 9.00
Boy, you sure have been out of touch too long, you're dreaming
I know
607, we got it now, what's your gender, and age group?
Actually, we oughta have like a million on there
But then again, the only people who listen like that one guy said
Are chronic old men and like him
It's amazing that people rip you when asked
Which go right ahead and feel free to do it, don't bother me
And then they're listening, and they're emailing
And they're making the effort to say what the callers
You suck, you know what?
You're listening for, you have no life
I have no life
That's the problem, we have no life
This show is your life, but you don't want to admit it
666
I wonder if 666 knows Batman
Ooh, we could get them together
What's your gender and age group?
We have 611
Mail 35 to 54, 342
Way more than we had last time
8 years ago
Mail over 5547
Way more than we had before
Mail 25 to 34, 55
Way less, way less
25 to 34 only 55
How many we had before?
210
Female 35 to 54, 29
Female over 55, 15
Mail 18 to 24, 10
Last time we had 69
Now we got 10
18 to 34
They're all over there on the ticket, ticket, ticket, aren't they?
Oh yeah
Female 25 to 34, 8
Female under 18, 3
Female 18 to 24
We finally got 1
And mail under 18, we finally got 1
Oh, that old curmudgeon is just uh...
...shadow over the gate
The best out of the world
A show of the real riders
The 5.60 QAM
The fourth leader
The biggest name of this cowlick
You're listening to sports radio 5.60 WQAM
My Miami for Lauderdale
This is the Neil Rancher show
The Rock, the Rock, the Rock
The Rock Star
Any questions?
ant
Oh
Much better
Five
Without a shoe-til-igs
Throat
Wtf
Um apostles
è
oh
Come on.
Come on.
I'm happy Monday to the Dolphin suck man. It's gonna be O160 and I think. No.
The worst thing is that I can in Miami or in Foxburners. I believe Foxburn. Really? Oh my.
Are you smitten me? No. Barbara Jones says simple way to enhance your sex life. You'll never find a cheaper than here. I just.
How can I enhance my sex life when I don't have one? Barbara. Got in my tear of those damn things.
See Alice Viagra. Viagra. See Alice on and on and on and on and on and on and on. Anyway, I'm just at quizzling.com.
Remember him from last week? Yes. See one thing about these emails they're like the calls in one respect and that is that most of them are hostile and negative and and they're on
filter like that one idiot said 666 they're on filtered. As if you realize how stupid that is who's the one person who gets to see the emails?
You. You. You. God. Good guess. Yeah. Me. And so I'm filtered. I put on a year. I read whatever the hell I want to read and I don't read
him when somebody says I dare you. I double. Dairy to read this crap on the air about the quick picking on Sarah. The most juvenile the most. Why is it that most right
wingers are like juvenile like childish? You have to be one in order to be one. Oh, but unless you're part of that one percent that's actually benefiting from their policies.
Yeah. Anyway, this is from anxious a quizzling. I saw the news to run Friday at Miami residents were ranked the most beautiful people.
And your response is that you drive around your broard retirement community and seeing nerds in the car is driving next to you talk about
out of touch. First of all, I don't live in a broard retirement community. Plantation acres is hardly a retirement community. I don't live in
cemetery village and I drive all around. I've been in South Florida 32 years on and off recently mostly off. Thank God.
Try walking around a coconut grove. Coral Gable. South Miami, Brickle. Miami Beach, Dade Land, Mall, Avon, Cheromall.
Almost the last time even stepped foot in Miami. How many decades ago? I would say the last time I was at the radio station.
And who now wants to go to Miami anyhow? Who wants to go to Miami? George, you want to go to Miami? I was downtown yesterday. See, there's George. He wants to go to Miami.
Well, it was a wedding. It's not like you know. Well, come on. That's a special thing. I don't think we'll start giving me that crap. I'm telling you the truth.
And why to go down there? Oh, I see. Well, that was my question. It was a very nice hotel. You know, the part that I was going to want. What was the hotel? Maybe the guy around
fancning or the whole hotel? No, smack that down. Tell me. Is that an infant smack that? Yeah, it was the smack that the valley. And can I finish this? So facts this email from
Anxious Quizzling. And you say that South Beach is only a tourist area. Have you ever even left the tourist areas in European cities that you visit or
Toronto? You probably have never even left the tourist area of Toronto. Well, what's the tourist area downtown? Yes, can
me. I've been all over the city. I've been in and how about woodmine? Is that downtown? It's out by the airport for Christ's
takes you simple. I have and Toronto has the most nerdy people on earth. And in the last 15 years has become a
toilet filled with the worst immigrants from the crappiest turd world countries on earth says, Anxious Quizzling. Okay, listen,
you don't like it here. Don't come here. Please stay where you are. You think it's matter of opinion. Most of the people I see while I'm driving or walking around
or in the malls and stuff, but although I will say this at the, what was it? The Gaila Ria. Remember I told you that? There were some really
smoldering people in that place. What was the restaurant ate at the Gaila Ria with a professor way back when? Glogies. That steakhouse. That was good. TGI Fridays. No.
Houston. No. Morrison's Mortons. This is where it started. Lay the steakhouse. Here's one that says, Neil, I love the show No More Chronic. Thanks for the change. Yeah, I love it too, Ed. So what do you think, Chris, so far after an hour and seven minutes?
About being back or no calls or well about the fact that we're not taking the calls and we're getting the email. What? I think it's a good thing. It's not a good thing. It's a great thing. You've been in a lot of
things. You want to, if you want, Curtis's job. You know, you get together with Eric and find out the detail and the, because I'm just sending into the, you know, the regular address. I just want to make sure they get up there.
Okay. And if you're going to take the job and I'll send you some money every like three times four times a year, stop good to me. Because Curtis, the day that he worked on Thursday, oh, it's that time for, well, actually it was a couple days before that I'm seeing a woodbine in my blackberry
buzzes and it's an email from self-important Josh Curtis. Oh, what was that time of the year again for you to send me a nice check?
See, I don't know about you, but I don't like people telling me when it's time for me to give them money. Was it the grandlucks?
The grandcluts? Lux. No. But you're looking in Gaileria? No, that was contributed from America. No, Gaileria, look it up and find the restaurants in the gallery and for Lauderdale.
Okay. Anyway, Paul says my two cents on the bodywashing, Anthony Logistics. Great stuff. You can find it at Nordstrom Macy's.
Sacks, bath and body works and I'm on a course. Anthony Logistics. And yes, the call suck. I will not miss them at least.
I read the earth. He oppressed those as Paul. I read the earth as Larry would say. I read the dirt. Thanks Paul.
Yeah, these people that are still using the soap. Oh my God, we took a poll on that last week and soap on hands down your pants over body wash.
So I guess we must have a lot of people out there still watching the black and white TV. Still wearing knickers?
Yeah. I do.
Oh, let me see if I wanted to open up a hearty's. Yeah, Brandon says let Josh go and let him focus on his greatest achievement. WQAM.com.
Yeah, that's it. Stick with that, Cortis. You really frost my ass.
Okay, I'm clicking on his link CKE Franchise.com and it's not doing anything. Oh, and now it is a little slow. Don't you hate that slow links?
Yes. Now, why is that home of the thick burger? Hardies. Oh, there's a picture here of a bacon cheeseburger. Looks just good enough to eat.
You know, there's an idea and I know a perfect location for one.
Your net worth has to be a million dollars. Liquid assets 300 grand. Development fee 10 grand. Well, how much is it cost?
Total estimated initial estimate 1.1 million. Well, great. Open one up, Brandon. Let us know when the door's open.
The restaurant business, the worst. Am I right? Yeah. In today's economy.
What? No, even worse. In any economy. Right. Today is right.
Happy Jewish New Year. When is Russia? Shona. Here's one from James Mays.
I certainly can't be the James Mays that drives horses and Michigan or used to.
Whose son is Mark Mays. Capital grill. Capital grill. That's a one. Thank you. A five. Chris.
New York. To Neil Rogers. I want to inform you that the Jewish New Year is coming up later this month.
Also, I want to tell you that if Clarence Deere wants you to work on UMK4, tell him I'm going to sue his ass for breach of contract and tell my lawyer,
and I know my Ken about it. I want you to know this piece of information. Okay. Okay. Sign James Mays. Long time list to do show. Thank you, Jimmy.
Oh, look at this. Crazy Eddie. Eddie again. Now you've resorted to Columbia. This what Eddie delete. I'm not going to read it. I'm not going to look at it.
Don't know. See, that's the right part about this thing. The way this is set up. My outlook expressed really delete in in a fraction of a second.
It disappears like it was never there. Well, it's just like, you know, you don't have time to correspond with crazy people, Eddie.
And he did what he wants is a pain contest back and forth because he's obviously got no. I have no life, but maybe this time he was going to double.
It's gone. Gone. Delete. Delete. Delete. Here's one from somebody from MS. Have you seen where women are now blasting up or for not running the pale and trained saying she doesn't care about women's rights?
This is hysterical. Say what you will about that. The rain syphilitic heifer. But one thing she's done is leave this pathetic pathetic fight for women.
Women's rights are all like garbage, but because she's not supporting 60 Sarah, she's a turned coat and fraud and all the work she's done the last 25 years have been canceled out. In fact, it never happened at all. Absolutely amazing. Women are pissed off at Oprah and want to bring her down. I love it.
You got to hand it to the Republicans. They're even finding a way to bring down the collapse of the Oprah empire, which goes to show even Republicans can do something for the public good even by accident.
How do you like that? Nice going MS. It's a long. It goes on and on and on. I don't have time for all the rest.
So Oprah's turned on Sarah. What will we do is we'll give any Oprah's email address. He can email to Oprah. There you go. You damn cow. You saw you crazy bitch. You give me the any of the best.
The sports leader.
What's I was saying? You're wrong.
The sports leader. neon god.
I do.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
I did.
No question that's any of the email or two.
Crazy person, right?
Or would make a lot of sense.
1117 at 560 WQM. Now the thing with the emails. I told you this last week and of course I'm always wrong because you want to be you know now that my mom croaked.
You want to be like my surrogate mama.
But you're so happy.
And like now there are no items in this. There's nothing in there. It's so down to a crawl. That's fine.
That's fine because I got an ample pile of stories and emails and stuff. You know. Right.
Although I certainly do miss those calls. Who doesn't?
I'm your friend.
Let's see. Ed says I've been loyal listener for 18 years. I'm 36. That's half my life.
You're making me feel old. Neil. Thanks for the 18. Love you. Ed.
Thank you. Ed. Love you.
Did you send me a factor one? That may.
It's an ad facts. Barber Walters live in Toronto. Compress a lifetime of learning into one day.
At the Metro Toronto Convention Center October 21st 830 in the morning to 530 in the afternoon.
With international best-selling authors who will give you the competitive edge in today's changing economy.
And Boba Walters is going to be here. The power with end.
Oh boy. Boba. What?
You can tell you how to be a boy.
Yeah. Maybe I can speak like her at the end of the day.
At the end of the day. Who always says that? Oh Bill Tanner always used to say that at the end of the day.
Yeah. You get paid at the end of the day. And you'll be gay. That's what he is. You should have to say.
Gay. Barbara says, got this as an email the other day. I thought it was woefully true. Barbara from Hollywood.
Do you speak pantalines? If you're a minority and you're selected for a job over more qualified candidates, you are still going to hire.
If you're conservative and you're selected for a job over more qualified candidates, you're a game changer.
Black teen pregnancy, a crisis in black America. White teen pregnancies, a blessed event.
If you grow up in Hawaii, you're exotic. If you grow up in Alaska eating moose burgers, you're the quintessential American story.
Similarly, if you name your kid Barack, you're unpatriotic. Name your kid track and you're colorful.
Barack can track. If you're a Democrat, you make vice presidential pick without fully vetting the individual.
Your reckless Republican doesn't fully vet his DPP pick is a maverick.
If you spend three years as a community organizer growing your organization from a staff of 1 to 13 and your budget from 70 to 400 grand,
then become the first black president of the Harvard Law Review, create a voter registration drive that registers 150,000 new African American voters,
spend 12 years as a constitutional law professor, then spend nearly 8 more years as state senator, representing a district of over 750,000 people,
becoming chairman of the state senate's Health and Human Services Committee, then spend nearly 4 years in the U.S. Senate representing a state of nearly 13 million people,
sponsoring 131 bills and serving on the four-interferers, environmental and public works in veteran affairs committees, you're woefully inexperienced.
However, if you spend 4 years on the city council and 6 years as mayor of a town with less than 9,000 people, then spend 20 months as governor of a state with 650,000 people,
you've got the most executive experience of anyone on either ticket.
If you're the commander of chief of the Alaska military and well qualified to lead the nation, should you be called upon to do so because your state is the closest state to Russia.
If you're a democratic male candidate who is popular with millions of people, you're an arrogant celebrity. If you're a popular Republican female candidate, you're energizing the base.
If you're a younger male candidate who thinks for himself and makes his own decisions, you're presumptuous. If you're an older male candidate who makes last-minute decisions, you refuse to explain, you're a shoot from the hip maverick.
If you're a candidate with a Harvard Law degree, you're an elitist out of touch with the real America. If you're a legacy, dad and granddad were admirals, graduate of anapolis, with multiple disciplinary infractions, you're a hero.
If you manage a multi-million dollar nationwide campaign, you're an empty suit. If you're a part-time mayor of a town of 9,000 people, you're an experienced executive.
If you go to the south side of Chicago church, your beliefs are extremist. If you believe in creationism and don't believe tropical, a global warming is man-made, you're strongly principled.
If you've been married to the same woman with whom you've been wed for 19 years and raising two beautiful daughters with your risky, if you cheated on your first wife with a rich aeris and left your disfigured wife and marry the aeris the month after you divorced, you're a good Christian.
If you're a 13-year-old Chelsea Clinton, the right-wing press calls you first dog. If you're a 17-year-old pregnant unwed daughter of a Republican, the right-wing press calls you beautiful and courageous.
Nice stuff there, Barbara, thanks.
Yes.
Are you picking on Sarah?
Sarah!
You're going to be in touch with you, mister, if you don't all watch yourself.
Now let me ask you about your email since we put the stuff up there on our...
Oh, Anxious is back, get Anxious Quizline?
Ooh.
He says, I thought Berlin was open-minded, but he's got a story here about hallucinogenic chocolates, doom of Berlin chocolate shovel. Let's print it out.
You know, it's unfiltered.
Like camel cigarettes.
Yeah, they're unfiltered, they're too dangerous, they're unfiltered.
Yeah, you're killing me, I can't take it, I can't take the heat, man, I can't take it.
You know how emotional I get about these emails?
I know.
The only thing I'm upset about is there aren't more.
Neal at nearrogers.com.
Bring them on, including all you idiots, okay?
Neal at nearrogers.com.
Because the one thing, like I said, that delete thing works really well.
I got rid of Eddie, Eddie, real fast, and if he sends any more, I'm going to continue delete, delete, delete.
Bye-bye, Eddie.
Go listen to Rush. Go listen to Old Sean Hannity tapes.
Go listen to Eight-Offitler speeches.
God.
Oh, the story didn't print out.
Oh.
That's bad.
Well, I mean, too bad.
Should I, you think I should go back over it?
No, I don't know, how good was it?
I thought Berlin was open-minded.
Okay, well, let me try to print it out.
One thing about this thing, it kind of like slows down at times?
Yes.
Why is that?
Sometimes it do its stuff.
What do you mean by that?
It slows down because it's working on something, you know?
Like printing?
Yeah.
You're just talking crap.
Yeah, okay.
Oh, here's one.
I love these, let's say, hello my dear.
I will, I'm pleased to contact you if you're going to work profile today.
Oh, yeah.
To me, age, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
So this is one of those, I've got $80 billion, your new friend, and the delete, delete, delete.
Here's one, it's from Matthew.
Glad to hear you're back on five days a week.
I listened between 3 and 7 p.m., while still at work from not a hand UK, while still at work.
I know you hate the British and our teeth, but I still prefer you to read you in this country,
which is complete and utter bollocks.
Keep up the good work, man, Matthew.
It's complete and other bollocks.
Is it like Sandra, Sandra, a bollocks?
Mm-hmm.
What's the guy's name, the queen?
Jim, Mojave, a bollocks.
Yes.
Bollocks.
I don't know what that means.
This story won't print out.
Sorry, I'm just quizzling.
About the chocolate thing.
I guess I'll read it off the other thing.
Will you tell me?
Why, you're not looking at it?
No.
Let's see, where is it?
Oh, and I think I deleted it.
It's not that important, but I'm pouring.
Sorry.
Sorry, I'm just trying again.
It's gone.
I once it's gone, you know what happens?
It is.
It was about some hallucinogenic chocolate place in the room.
Berlin is open-minded, but not they don't want them.
They don't want all of them droogues, like an hamsterdum.
Hamsterdum?
And even an hamsterdum, they want to ban the mushrooms.
Yeah.
You better get over there before it's too late.
It's all right.
We got mushrooms here.
We got mushrooms here.
You got mushrooms?
Do you?
Sure.
If you don't watch, you get mushrooms.
683 on the survey, that's more than we had eight and a half years ago.
We had 644.
And I could have put the new pulse.
See, this is another thing we don't have to, like, jockey for position on the pool anymore.
That's the good part.
The bad part is I have to come up with one every day.
That's the bad part.
That is the bad part.
So what's the story, Chris, are you doing the stories now or what?
Um, sure, I guess.
I don't know.
It's not my decision, I don't think.
I'm willing to do it, but.
But you're hired.
Okay.
I'm not going to be wasting my time to send 15, 18, 25 stories that I think are worth the listeners reading on there.
And then wake up in the morning and find that there's five of them on there, if any, at all.
And some days none, once in a while.
All depending on how drunk your good friend is.
Of course, George wants to just continue with it, you know.
I have no opinion on the matter.
You're the one that told me that Chris needs the money.
We do a fine job.
Is that what I said?
Oh, yeah, I did say that.
Oh, so for once, oh, happy day for once I quoted you correctly every time I quote you,
either your head make it up.
You do make stuff up continuously.
Well, it makes sense for fun, see.
Just this once you didn't.
Well, nobody's perfect.
Hey, stench of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphins.
Absolutely.
Oh, here, oh, baby, taking no chance at all I do with free life, happy time.
You're my soul, God, found the faith.
I can't believe that he falls to leave.
My agent told me not to change, oh, see.
So I can't tell you what I'm doing.
Oh, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know.
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know.
I think I need make the know, oh, no.
Do the same, do the same, do the same.
Yes, absolutely.
Yes, no, do the same.
Oh, look at that.
We got 700 people checked in on our survey.
Aren't you excited?
It means we got at least 700 people listening.
We're pretending to be anyway.
I said, woo, or at least 700 people who checked out our website, they may not be listening.
We don't listen to you.
Remember, once in a while, we'll do one, where do you listen or how often do you listen.
And they say, oh, I don't listen.
And they just, they check out our website, but they don't listen to the show.
Which is okay, because they're both free.
700 people who checked in, we got one female under 18 to 24, two males under 18, two punks, three females under 18.
And other than that, the audience has gotten older.
And of course, the fact that we can't play anything funny, that might have something to do with it.
But that's, you think?
No.
Or say anything for me.
It's my fault.
It's my fault.
It's Sarah's fault.
There's Sarah.
We have them.
I have changed it.
$1.00 and excess of free in our state budget.
That's a sucker about a hockey mom.
Excuse me, bad mistake.
Hockey mom.
In my life, being the big hockey fan that I am, I never heard that expression in my life.
Did you ever had to drive little kids to a hockey practice, have you?
I don't think all these awesome panic facts are retrieved.
I bouncing, cut those to plate, who can't get it in deep.
But the sabers are having some difficulty.
Let's get hockey intensive.
What do you say?
Well, let's get hardest racing intensive.
That seems to be the focus of a lot of my emails.
Because they know if I talk about it, it'll chase the entire audience away.
Jorge and Miami, no relation to Jorge and the show.
I don't think it might be.
Says, did you link the shortcut for the movie obsession?
It's a must see.
Your audience will benefit by seeing the truth about how militant Islam is planned to destroy the US and Israel.
Finally, a film that tells the truth.
Let me know if you want me to send you a short trailer.
Jorge and Miami, no thanks Jorge.
Talk about obsessed.
Yeah.
Those militant Islamists, baby.
The ones that are all over Racknow because Sabi killed Saddam.
And we created that anarchy there and left that gigantic vacuum.
So that all the terrorists could come in, all those evil doers.
And heck of a job in Afghanistan, by the way, wiping out the Taliban.
J.T. and Miami says, Jerry G.
It shouldn't be forgotten which piece of Republican Islam was the architect of legislation,
which deregulated the rules governing investment banks and Wall Street firms that are now folding left and right.
Who is or was that piece of right wing scum?
Of course, you already know Phil Graham for closure, Phil.
One of John McCain's behind the scenes main advisors.
The article in Mother Jones spells it all out.
F the GOP says Jerry G.
A.M. and Jerry.
F the GOP.
Although Eddie will get upset about that.
Eddie.
Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie Eddie.
Since I compared six to existing band man, he hasn't sent me another email.
Same person, I'm sure.
Crazy person.
Like that.
See, once you used to dealing with certain crazy people for long enough,
you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
You can tell him from...
Sure.
You can smell him from a million hours.
I'm just going to say.
Yeah.
You can tell him what we're doing.
Well, T, there's a whole bunch of emails that came in like late Friday and over the weekend.
I'm not saying they're good, but here they are.
Mike and Kendall says to help you not confuse with emails you've already read.
Strike a line through the page, then late in the pile to be printed on the reverse side.
That way you'll know which, uh, what, which when you've already read, which are to be read.
Cheers, Mike and Kendall.
Now I'm going to use a big spender like me.
I can afford fax paper, use them only once.
Like toilet paper, use it only once, unless you're a Rusky.
Hey, you use the other side.
Turn it over.
Yeah.
Whoa.
And we're in love.
There's this one guy.
Oh, what a jerk.
This one guy playing Quick Hit at the Woodbind a couple of weeks ago.
He's wearing a black glove on his right hand.
And I thought to myself.
You're fairer.
That is just, it's unbelievable.
Is there a rationale like is he afraid of germs or something?
You're asking me like I know.
Oh, I would.
He just want to get a bunion and onion on his bunion.
I don't know.
I don't want to ask him.
I don't want to talk to me.
It looks like a crazy person.
And he, and of course he's bent in the big bucks.
You know, he's been like 10 credits a hit.
We on the two sentences.
So like 20 cents a play.
And there's another crazy guy.
The one that smells like he peed all over himself.
Nice.
He probably did.
No, that old guy went to glasses and he's busy watching everybody else's machine
and giving advice.
And he's playing like one credit at a time.
Two cents.
Oh, he does this type of machine.
He puts in a $10 bill.
He gets some 500 credits and then he plays one credit at a time.
And he can't figure out how come he can't make any money on it.
Hmm.
714, man.
You got to be on Kraylood's to vote for Osera.
There's Joe Biden.
He's finally getting two minutes on here.
You are.
I'm a UAW guy.
I never belong to you.
But I'm a United States senator because of UAW.
You're the My State of Delaware.
We're the My State of Delaware, the two of the largest total plants outside of Michigan.
Are Christophs are crazy.
You think he's a hockey dad, Joe Biden?
Alaska.
Mac says, you've written my day for 10 years.
I wanted to thank you.
I work in a cube sometimes and I stay something.
It's chopped off on the right hand.
The files when I'm anywhere else.
I've something to file.
I'm an Everglades Research Scientist.
Also pay attention to politics.
You'll be listened to with a lot of interest as the situation walked in the rest of the country heats up.
I can remember when I lived in Hylia and the whole Aylian thing was going on.
They burned down their bus stop at the corner and then they all stand and wait for the bus the next day.
You were in great form at that time as always.
Instead of losing my mind, I hope you and I can get a laugh out of some of this crap.
Thanks, this is Mac.
Thank you, Mac.
7-6-8-7-8-6, where's that?
I don't know.
It's date?
Very accurate.
7-8-6-8-6-8.
This is the area you're going to come from.
Great.
I better to know that great motel in overtime.
How about if we give like an Opalaka hotel for that guy I wanted for that Ron Fant?
Who wants to know where to go by the port?
There you go.
Call up a travel agent.
Don't worry, I'll give him free travel advice here.
En dorsing motels.
Let him advertise on the station.
Somebody has to.
Mike says, and I'm an over 20-year-listener who found himself listening to you less and less because of the crank callers.
Love the new format.
Please keep the emails.
How do you like that, Fakris?
He was listening less and less because of, I'm a fan.
Who the hell would listen to that?
So it's going to take this time for people to realize that we're not doing the stupid calls anymore.
And don't waste your time George.
Of course, so on.
Any more technology and poaching around.
The horse is out of the barn.
He's long gone.
And once he's gone, he ain't turning around and coming back.
Have you seen Factcheck.org?
It's an on-partisan site that tries to sort through the volshipment.
Maybe you'd like to add it to your links.
Thanks for everything says Mike.
Thank you Mike.
There are some nice people on the email.
Some decent people.
Some people actually enjoy the show.
As opposed to those who listen to it because they're masochists.
What the hell is this name?
The best time we have.
You come by to me.
You hide that clearly.
You can enjoy it forever.
Later.
He'll run you.
As a jack-hearted,
John McNeighin.
He wasn't old that great.
And flying was great.
When he'd run up.
The very first time he got tangled up in power lines.
Out of control in his early days.
John McNeighin became his new name.
He was partying in the penny.
And he had to get me played by his girlfriend, Stripper, Marieville, playing.
He flew to the night with a white dragon glass.
What John did came.
He finished last.
While the night's trying.
Learning to buy a jet.
Their classmate John McNeighin was placing bets.
On another flight.
He didn't teach you but guy.
He was lying too slow.
And way too high.
His engine blamed out.
And he went into the gas.
He tried to start up again.
As he fell from the sky.
On a founding mission.
Older fear.
Now.
He ignored the radar warnings.
And continued to bump.
He hogged into the lake.
When they shot off his wings.
But the king survived.
By his blade in his jeans.
A-wo-sky-way.
A-wo-sky-way.
John did came.
He crashed and low.
He no longer buys the daughter.
He no but.
Now he only rides.
On the full shooting bus.
Okay, it's 1146, 14 to noon at 560 W.M. Park 2.
Rock solid.
Oh, what a big go from 2 to 4 this afternoon.
In spite of a popular outcry.
Let's see.
Here's one from a Rick.
An email.
An email is by the way,
nealatnearodgers.com.
Keepin' comin', okay?
And all you crazy people do, keepin' comin'.
They're on filter.
You know, they're on filter.
You can't handle it, they're on filter.
I mean, just stop and think of what it takes to be that crazy.
Uh-huh.
I don't know.
You can't handle it.
They're on filter.
And as a result, you're too commerjingly.
Yeah, yeah.
I heard John and St. McCain saying this morning,
Rick says that the economy is fundamentally sound.
That's like the doctor's saying, other than the heart now
working his patients in good shape.
Uh-huh.
A perspicacious observation on your part, Rick.
Speaking of heartless and heart.
While Republican presidential candidate John McCain's been
ducking reported infidelity claims,
there's no denying his cheat and ways with his first wife, Kieroll.
The woman who waited for him when he was a POW.
McCain met Kieroll, former swimsuit model,
when he was attending anapolis during the 50s.
At the time, she was married to another candidate
with whom she had two children.
Actor being freed by the Vietcong,
McCain discovered Kieroll had been disfigured
in a serious car accident.
When he saw Kieroll was not the beauty he had left behind,
he started running around on her Ted Sampley,
a special forces Vietnam vet, and McCain Powell said.
Eventually, he met Cindy, and she was young and beautiful
and very wealthy.
Part of these things.
The ex-Mrs. McCain Kieroll now,
70 evidently, has no complaints.
According to the Britain's mile,
Johnny McAgreed to pay for Kieroll's medical care
for the rest of her life in exchange for divorce.
He's a family-values kind of guy,
just like Sarah and her pregling-up or unmarried daughter.
Family values.
That's what these pimples are all about.
724 people objected on our survey.
If we really had an audience, we ought to have what?
About two, three million on there?
Right.
We don't.
We used to have a long time ago.
Was there a cleaning the knobs again?
The knobber?
I hate when you always...
Publishing the knobs is...
Sure, yeah.
It's twisting my knob out there.
And always something like that.
Somebody's trying to break in the door.
Well, if you want to take a break, you know,
we'll cover for, I don't know how long you take.
Five, seven minutes.
Who was?
To go out and get your knob polished.
726 people objected on this.
What's your gender and age group?
Mail 35 to 54.
392 way up from eight and a half years ago.
Way, way, way up.
Mail over 5573 way up.
Mail 25 to 34, 75 way down.
Female 35 to 54, 38.
Now let's see how that...
You know what it was eight and a half years ago?
I give up.
38.
Wow.
Female over 55, 18.
That's up over 11.
Old ladies.
Mail 18 to 24, 13.
That's down from 69.
And that's because Joyce won't let us say that in no more.
Female 25 to 34, 11.
As compared to 13.
That's about the same.
Female under 18, 3.
We had four last time.
Mail under 18, 2.
We had 8 last time.
And female 18 to 24.
We had 9, 8 and a half years ago.
We only got one.
So let me tell you one.
Only one female 18 to 24.
And Jordan, too happy about that.
Are you?
Oh, that's hard.
I'll be able to do that.
And also know what happens in this view.
No, no, no emails on there.
It's it's slowing down.
The novelies warn off.
Even the chronic still want to know.
Yeah.
Well, they're unfiltered, you know.
They're unfiltered and you get so upset.
Yeah.
The fact that I'm not taking those stupid calls anymore.
That's going to add years to my life.
I think that's what some of these
negative-truey chronics are upset about.
Oh, we were going to put them in an early grave.
You were in too late.
How you're a fan?
How you're a fan?
My name is Joe.
And what do you know?
Seriously, if you take all the calls from the past year
on this show, when I've been doing it,
I can't speak for you and your intellectual callers.
Oh, yeah.
But if you take all the crap that I've listened to or realized
and put it together, you still wouldn't have enough
to fill up a thimble.
Enough worthwhile crap.
Lots of crap, but not worthwhile crap.
John says, shameless request.
No, no.
I'm a big fan of the show.
I live in Florida for some time.
I love to listen to you.
I'm pleased to have found you on the internet.
Now I live in Vegas.
I have a shameless request.
I used to play a bit about a guy either buying or selling
a Chinese restaurant.
I always cracked me up.
Please, can you play it so I can hear it on the net?
Take care and keep the laughs coming.
John, well, I'm not going to use last names.
And then he says,
Doido doidoi.
Doido doidoi.
Wow, as long as he said that.
That was that Chinese restaurant?
Yes.
Oh.
Can I help you?
Yeah, I couldn't even fall out.
That's just one of the last offers there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, so name.
That's right.
Patrick?
Yeah.
I thought it was a post-ital customer name.
Oh.
It's a fool.
Okay, hold on just a second.
Okay.
Yeah.
Hello.
How's he?
Yeah, who's speaking?
Huh?
Yeah.
Hello.
Who's speaking?
Hello.
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Yeah?
You got a restaurant for sale?
Huh?
How much for the shop?
Well, you come here to look at it and talk to the boss.
I come over, maybe eat dinner with you.
Okay.
Does a surprise include all the walks?
Huh?
What's your name?
Chinese.
Yeah, Chinese.
Okay.
You come with the boss.
What's your name?
Yeah.
Two people.
Two people?
Yeah.
Yeah.
How much do I get?
Two.
Okay.
I'm going to go to the next one.
Okay.
What's your name?
Yeah.
Uh...
You know, you know what I'm doing?
I'm just going to give you a name.
Okay.
I know, I know.
I don't want to find someone else.
Okay, I know what you're doing.
Huh?
And your name?
Okay, I'll be right there.
Okay.
I know.
You know what I'm doing?
Yeah.
I know what I'm doing.
I can't play it, I can't find it.
Tibet, it's funny.
Thomas says, hi Neil, pleasure to listen to your show now without being distracted by those
Moronic calls.
Hi!
We'll link a lecture.
Hi!
Perfect!
I need help!
I need a doctor!
You realize it's almost 3 p.m. and you're off the air but I have a life and this is the
first time I've been able to email.
Hope you're having great weekends just Tom and Poppano Beach.
Yeah, it was okay Tom.
Patriots won even with a lovely mad castle the quarterback.
He looks a better in Tom Brady, I'll tell you that.
That's what really frost the adult in fans, the fact that the Patriots are 2 and 0 and
the bills are 2 and 0.
They look pretty good yesterday.
Do you see any of that game Chris?
Felt on the highlights.
They look pretty good.
I think it's going to be the bills and the pass in that division right down to the wire,
right down to the nose and that game in Foxboro next week.
Oh my God.
How about just a forfeit?
Don't you think that makes sense?
I think that would be good.
Don't get anybody injured.
Well, we got the big tuna and we got Tony O'Soprano.
Tony O'Soprano should have brought Luca Brasi with him because other than that they're
not going to, there's no chance for them to win.
I don't see who they're going to be.
We're playing KC later in the years so they're worried.
Yeah, they're worried.
I think that's not until like week 11 or 12 or something like that.
I might even be later than that.
I'll look.
Oh my God.
They've lost 20 of their last 21 regular season games and they haven't won a road game since
Jesus was a baby since 2006.
This is scandalous.
I'm not getting any emails by the way about the, and I know that a lot of our people aren't
support intensive because George talks them out of it.
Yep, but I'm not getting any emails about that.
Got an email from the UPS to Tony, the UPS guy up in Connecticut.
I deleted it right away.
Goodbye, Tony.
When I deleted your ass from my space, that was a message.
Okay?
I don't want to hear from you.
Bug me.
You're an idiot.
You bother me.
Get a life, Tony.
Absolutely correct.
I have no life.
Here's one from Tom and Lake Placid of all places.
He says, when I came to South Florida, I had only AM on my radio.
Kara, so I quickly became my fan of talk radio.
I first listened to you around 1976 where you were a WJNO just ahead of Alan Burke.
See, these people get so confused.
Alan Burke and I never worked on the same radio station.
Alan Burke was on the station across the lake, which was WPBR.
Okay.
Across the lake from JNO.
That was 75.
He were ranting as usual and he was throwing guests out of the studio in the middle of his
show.
Big Wilson's hell, big confused me and Mike Reinerie was doing a weird take on Flipwisson
at Wilson's Geraldine.
Larry King was just laughing in the background.
Then a set up man for somebody else's jokes, Bill Cawdert.
I'm retired now living in the middle of the state still listening on the streaming.
You should know that when his entertain by his show is I ever was regardless of format.
Hang in there, it's his Tom and Lake Placid thanks Tom.
I'm a hangin'.
In spite of all the negative that ubiquitous A-hole, what was it?
You ubiquitous quizzling.
That's it.
That's minrich.com.
The best talent you've ever done.
The sport is a 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest need of the best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 5.60's WQAM.
My Miami Ford Lauderdale.
This is British quizz.
Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-4-hour.
And our live from Rijel 7, it's the Neil Rogers Show.
I like the keys open, so morbid writing.
They deal time like the American Pieces.
Now when he gets away, don't seem off-key.
This is my favorite karaoke, okay?
Yeah.
I love the way that I'm bedended.
The bitch haven't been the same since, sir.
Bokeh, byin' tied.
I know.
Yeah, I had double some party crack read through.
Yeah.
But thing I didn't know, lots of dancing.
Of course, it's not easy flying back here from Rijel 7.
I know.
Thank God, Bill.
I'm here.
It's all over for you, poor Schlefstock, aren't I?
Yeah.
As it in, no, well.
Well, if you're lucky, that crackhead is the last bus to rig an election.
Who's on this line?
WQAM.
Mr. Rogers?
Speaking.
I was in the public sugarlactica today, sir.
And let me tell you, the clip-out coupons in Thursday's paper are deceiving.
I discovered to my son, he's been in the sugarpane.
I know.
The stones were not too far 99-sense.
On the contrary, it was too break-stones for 99-sense.
Now, I don't know about you.
That's right.
They tried to pedal me two break-stones for the price of two break-stones cottage cheese when they
were completely stated.
Well, use the cottage cheese that's grown in your toenails.
Who's this son?
Line 7 and 9.
Klingon, penal colony.
Hello.
I forgot it.
Great tires.
No.
Okay.
And that note.
I got to renegotiate my contract.
How about a one-minute show, huh?
You can fill the other three minutes.
That's right.
Mortal concubine is next.
George.
Bye-bye-bye.
Come on, two of us.
That's what the show's going to sound like in five years.
I guarantee you that.
Only you're going to be sound like that.
I'll be in the box.
And chickenette can't help me.
I wonder if I'll be around to see that funeral when chickenette gets to the great
reed farewell.
I don't know.
He's a starvin.
He's a smoker though.
He'll probably die of lung cancer before that.
You think?
I'm facema.
Well, let me ask you this.
Now that really frosted my fat ass.
You know how much faggot's cost for a pack?
I have never bought one.
Here, it's like ten bucks a pack.
No, he's not lately.
Okay.
How about you, Chris?
You smoke?
No.
But what are you laughing about?
He'd be dead already.
Yeah.
Well, not only that, but could he afford it even a carton?
No chance.
He'd be carton, or maybe we'd be carton him around.
Well, seriously, how much is a cost for a pack of cigarettes?
Somebody will email it and I'm sure.
Or not.
So how can a guy who's always starving to death, who I'm always being forced to send
the money to early, who I've wouldn't have thought he'd even do yet, how can he afford
to be smoking cigarettes?
He can't even eat.
Huh?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe he eats the cigarettes.
Huh?
Yeah.
Huh?
God.
I just, another old column, they got a polyole poles.
I'm cheating.
Although we got more, we got more people telling in on this one.
Now, what do you say, Chris, 900?
Yeah, I thought so.
It's just a survey.
I mean, everybody who's listening right now would just log on to there on
neo-arrogens.com and vote on the survey.
It would mean something, but they don't do it.
And then of course, George says, well, if there's anybody within six blocks of them
who voted, they can't say, you know, like that.
Benny says, been listening since the KAT days, thanks.
Thank you, Benny.
Zyga's on.
He's still alive, Benny.
Anthony says, I'm very happy you opened up email for your show.
I am too, Anthony, but today they're really slim and grim and over the weekend also.
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday was an outpouring.
Although now I see there's three up there.
I love the ones that have like the Chinese writing on them.
I think it's Chinese.
I don't know what it is.
David says, I'm just going to read it right off the thing.
Awesome pictures on the main page.
I appreciate the years of non-stop entertainment.
You repeatedly deliver the goods.
Have you seen the movie Truth Rising?
No.
It's from the guys who brought us loose change.
Please ask George if he listened to the 911 CD I left for him.
You might find some of the songs in using.
See you.
David, Miami.
You listen to it?
No, yet.
Still carrying it around.
Well, when you're going to get to it eventually.
What was he supposed to send me some CD that I brought in?
I got a call.
Yeah, the video of your 1990 appearance that I put in somewhere in the Rascal House I gave
with the ticket.
I will be able to find the thing that I'm on the package in my FedEx.
An order B.
Something to look forward to.
I better live at least another day.
Look at that.
The Dow is down almost 300 points and there's your president.
These financial market developments on the broader economy.
Thank God for those low gas prices, Mr. President.
Do you know I filled up on my vet with gas over the weekend?
I paid a Bucks 50 a liter for high test.
Now Bucks 50 times 3.69 is how much?
Yes, about five.
Yes, about five.
Huh?
45, 14, 39, 3 is at 15, 4.
Let's see.
5, 4, 15.
5 hours and 46 cents a gallon.
And the excuse being, oh, I could hit those refineries in a golf and it's going to not
come out of commission.
And of course, it didn't.
But the new deal is an anticipation of something that might happen.
That's the excuse that these ravers come up with.
And at the end of each quarter, oh, well, we had record breaking profits for the third
quarter.
Just unbelievable.
And here I thought rape was illegal.
Here's one from a somebody.
Who's it from?
L-Lori.
She says I read that while John McCain was overseas, family friend Ross Perot paid all
a Carol McCain's medical bills from her tragic accident.
I keep wondering if McCain ever paid Perot back for his generosity.
I have my doubts since when interviewed, Perot didn't have any good things to say about
the GOP nominee.
You know, little Ross P. Row with a funny years.
Letting someone else take care of your family and not paying your debts in another Republican
example of family values, they show us so much better without the stupid calls, odd nauseam,
have a great week.
You, though, L-Lori, thanks.
I don't have anybody.
I just had one saying, oh, a talk show would no come.
Remember that one last Friday?
What kind of a talk show is a talk show with no calls in the call?
They call suck.
Here's one from Paul, now listening in Greenville, South Carolina on the net.
Been listening since well, I went to a remote at the flea market in Fort Lauderdale and
Casey is in the sunshine band was there.
With those pasty zit face to kids that you're staying around with.
grew up in the Buffalo Rochester area, want to say it went to Fredonia State, baby.
Thanks for the bill's reference and the bills look good.
I hate to say it.
In closing, break them up.
You bills and beat them down.
Bring the blue and silver, their colors in the 60s to the crown.
Oh, break them up.
Bill's been beat him down.
Bring the crown, but a people like that.
PS George is great.
Wow.
And that's a concert mandage his life track here.
I have a life track by man.
He probably means like, best Paul, now listening in the set.
You're great.
Uh-huh.
Here's one from Jasmine.
Neil, how can I talk to George?
I wanted to discuss him coming out to visit our private club coming up soon.
Well, how about emailing him?
The link is right there under there.
Jasmine, the link is right there on your Rogers dot com, right where you find the link to ours.
Just the one that says George.
That's how you talk to him.
And if you're going to pay him, he'll do anything.
Almost.
Here's one that says, if you just kidding from Andre and West Park.
Two pictures of Jessica, Bill.
Why do I care about pictures of Jessica, Bill?
I do.
I don't send him to George.
OK, he wants to see all that stuff.
Oh, here's Jasmine again.
How can I talk to George?
Email him.
My friends, the stress and strain of the campaign is taking a tool on my family and my own self.
It's with heavy heart.
I announced I'm building out of the presidential race.
I believe Senator Biden will be a wonderful nominee and hope you'll join me giving your support.
But it'll be put in a book that about very funny, very humorous.
Mail delivery failed sending a returning message to somebody.
I don't know what that means.
Some goofball.
It says, this is from this is you from the future.
Don't go to woodbind this week.
Trust me.
You better listen to you.
What does that mean?
See, that's why I don't like reading them off the...
Uh-huh.
It's obviously a joke.
No, but you should listen to you.
Don't go to woodbind this week.
Trust me.
Here's one from Nick or Anthony.
How come Anthony's email address is Nick Sotin's search and his name is Anthony?
I'm very happy you hope it up email for your show.
The I'm your friend, DB, was getting really old.
I've been an avid listener since way back in the 70s when you used to rip FB and LNS.
I'm on the fence between Obama and McCain.
I want to vote for Obama but have this crazy feeling in my gut that he may be just like Jimmy Carter
and the Arab world will really try to push us to our limits like back with the Iranian hostage crisis.
Based on what?
Based on the fact that 99% of the free world overwhelmingly is for Obama.
And think he'll be a great leader and uh...
Which McCain would've only croaked?
On the other hand, I fear if McCain is chosen, my four young sons will end up going to war for some stupid oil BS.
They healthcare topping and freaks me but they say socialized medicine doesn't work.
Being you live in Canada, how well report you see socialized medicine programs working up there.
Not well people wait a long time to see a doctor here.
But socialized medicine in Europe is great.
Remember that time I fell and broke my bone in my hand and I amst today?
Yep.
Charging me nothing.
All I had to do was show my passport and my broken hand and they said, oh here let us uh...
Let us give you a hand.
Anyway, I hope to get tacked out of South Florida next few years and move to Albuquerque to get away from the hurricanes, the Julios, opportunistications and all those obnoxious New Yorkers.
Boy Anthony don't like anybody.
We'll continue to listen to you online regardless of where I end up.
Although I don't always agree with everything you say as any thinking person would, you're still spot on in a lot of ways when you peel back all the shit.
What the hell is your name?
The test of...
You're a rocket.
Forty-five sixty-two AM.
The fourth leader.
The U.
Yuh!
Hats for me!
Tight little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
One drench up to bottom every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure and a big big way.
The very best of packets in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure and a big big way.
Just I feel.
Join the big swish to Chesafield Queen, you choice of the Facts of America.
Here's an email allegedly from Joe Bell, although it doesn't have Joe Bell's email address.
It says, I love the emails.
Ho ho ho!
What it says.
You think that's really from Jolly Joe?
Oh yeah, it must be.
No.
And the reason I play the Chesafield Queen is the emails are just like the calls.
I ask a simple question and they very seldom respond anything I say or ask.
It's been a wait for a hundred years.
Sure.
What is it called for a pack of cigarettes?
I got an answer via email.
Yes.
$39 a carton.
Ten packs to a carton.
$390.
Four bucks.
Four bucks a pack.
And here's a bald-headed quizzling who's probably chain-smoking him to pack today.
That's $8 a day.
That's $56 a week on Faggots.
Even I never spent that much money on Faggots.
Well, I guess I did.
I was just going to say.
Here's another one that says, tell your viewers that it is not socialized medicine.
It's socialized medical insurance says Rick.
Okay, it's not socialized medicine.
It's socialized medical insurance.
Tell your viewers.
Tell your viewers.
I told my viewers.
Here's one from Robert, a poor idea.
Now, maybe you can explain what this means.
Of all the stars of the cinema, which one has the best cinema-faced look?
Gads.
Can you explain to me what is a cinema-faced look?
I'm going to attempt to read that person's mind.
Some people look better on screen than others, as opposed to just generally good looking.
But you know what the people are going to vote.
They're just going to vote for the best looking person.
The best cinema-faced look of all the stars of the cinema, I guess, since of all time?
I imagine.
And who would you pick?
Oh, gee.
What's her name?
K. Francis.
I'm just kidding.
K. Francis.
From the 30s.
I'm being facetious.
How about Robert Francis' shore?
From the keen-eyed mutiny.
The Wabishoye.
He's a pretty guy.
Who wasn't as pretty as Matt, what's his name, though?
What else is our quarterback's name?
Castle.
I mean, I know Matt Castle, but it's just not on the tip of your tongue like Tom Brady, you know what I mean?
All I would mind having him on the tip of it.
Well, that's beside the point.
Matt Castle, good looking guy, and played damn good yesterday.
Didn't make any big mistake, like Brett Farb did.
Brett's Jets.
I haven't heard from any of those Jets fans either.
So what's the story?
Am I going to hear and get an email from anybody about the price of cigarettes or not?
I mean, is this thing the only way this thing is really going to work is if every now and then we ask about something and we get a reply.
Right.
Neil, if we don't win this time, then this country may and maybe the rest of the earth is doomed, I'm afraid it's said at...
Oh, can't grade.
I agree, but enough already with that.
Both of us, he goes to the Indians and he plays 22 of Carton.
So that's 220 of your pack.
Here, cigarettes are like 9 or 10 bucks a pack because they add that they boost up all these taxes on it.
They boost it.
Negusto, mucho.
Oh, and maybe you can answer me this one.
I'm sure you can.
How come some Hispanic people?
I mean, nothing I want to learn Spanish, but I thought that how are you with Como Stas?
Yes, in the same kind of stuff.
In the same kind of stuff.
Como Stas.
Why?
Como Stas is how you say it.
Whatever you...
How are you?
Well, why is that?
That's how you say it.
That's the language.
That's the correct way to say it.
Como Stas.
Whatever else you heard, Como Stas is plural, like if you're talking to a group or Como Stas, something like that.
Como Stas, how are you?
That's how it's said.
If you hear it differently, it's wrong.
No, I don't.
That's when I hear.
There you go.
Como Stas.
From the Julio's I'm surrounded with.
Sorry about that.
Seven-ever-and-a-two votes on the Asurve.
Tally's.
Why?
As it called Migra.
Call him Migra.
What are you talking about?
If you're surrounded by, you know, illegal Mexicans call him Migra.
Smoke, here we go.
Tracy, thank you, Tracy.
Cost of cigarettes depends on where you are and what type of smoke.
New Orleans.
For $450 a pack in the store.
$6 a pack in the bar.
As Boka.
$550 a pack in the store.
New York City $9 a pack in the store.
Cancer is expensive, man.
Says Tracy.
She's the best.
She's good.
She's sensational.
Thanks, Tracy.
See somebody finally respond.
That's the way it works.
I ask a question.
You type out.
You tap out a response.
Yeah, when a doubt tap it out.
Here's one from Mike.
I won't read his last name because obviously it's a make-believe.
You know what Mike's last name is?
No.
Oxlone.
Hunt.
Oh.
Thank God you're finally receiving email.
Welcome to the 21st century.
Howdy says Mike.
I'm going to read this.
Hunt.
Here's Vito says George should be your lead-in.
Wait.
His band of humor would go very far in the morning.
Imagine a morning's u-show with George Chris Josh.
Belly Dancers, roller skaters, strippers, bartenders, and so forth.
Gold, nearly gold.
You'd be followed by the mad dog and Joe Ros can go dump his enormous head in the bucket
and keep it there until the bubble stop.
Says Vito.
He has Vito and a Joe Ros fan.
That's probably since a Zack has been destroying that show.
Does that mean you'd be by yourself or George and I would then be doing 10-2 also?
I don't know, ask Vito.
Since he's the program director.
Yeah, since Vito is one of the exidium program directors we got.
Oh, I already did this one from the Fat Man on Friday.
Melissa, I already read that one too.
Sorry.
Yeah, I can't work to put it in through it.
No, it's not that.
It's just that instead of putting him over to the side, I just, you know,
and what I should have done was torn him up.
Because once you tear him up, they don't come back again.
Siger writes out 350 to 4 bucks a pack to somebody.
Well, that's what we're saying.
We're saying average 4 bucks a pack and a schlepper who's been doing this for a long time.
And then you know, you're smoking cigarettes and then begging me for money.
I'm starving.
And then six George on me all the time.
He's starving enough.
He's starving all the time.
He's starving.
Although he did put a nice thank you note in the package last week.
Well, that's nice.
Yeah.
I mean, I even pay for the FedEx.
Do you realize if I stripped down all the extraneous crap that I pay for?
I'd be like a wealthy man.
Yeah.
But that's my life.
I pay for extraneous crap and extraneous people.
And like I told you before to show I'll pay for whatever I want to pay for.
I don't want to tell you how to spend your money.
No, I didn't say you were.
All right.
Okay.
I don't like it.
I resent it.
It frosted my fat ass.
As it should.
I'm doing the best I can for everybody for my extended family and strangers and everybody else.
Always have.
Always will.
What's your gender and age group?
791.
What did you say, Chris?
800?
I said 9.
But you know, oh, 9.
Well, we can do that.
That's the last thing we ought to do.
Yeah.
Is he still there, by the way?
I think so.
Yeah, he does Sunday weekend stuff.
God.
He's like attached to the walls.
He's like, he's like, a fungus.
He's attached to the woodwork.
Oh, that's Robert Creeper, the great leader of the Lord of the board.
Glad you got that heard.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord for no more Kenny and Bloat morning show.
Thank God.
Following that was like pulling your teeth out with the pliers and no novocaine.
It's just excruciating the Kenny and Bloat morning show.
Oh, I do like the needle.
Hello.
Hello.
An invention of a jolly Joe.
You got to admit one thing, man.
He may not be good, but he's consistent.
Every show he's put on here has just failed unbelievably bad.
The jerks show, the DA show at night with a point, but our signal that nobody can hear.
Following an hour or two now, that dolphin tonight should be really enthusiastic the rest of the season.
Can you imagine the tune on audience that's going to get?
Nope.
Chris?
No comment.
I mean, they just absolutely yesterday that performance was so it smelled so much worse than
calmenor.
It smelled like hip potomest manure.
You know what I mean?
Hip-o.
That's right.
Like that.
That was funny.
What's your gender and age group?
792 tallies on here.
There ought to be 2000 at least.
At least back in the day, although we only had 644 eight and a half years ago.
Why do you think that is?
Well, that's a long time ago, right?
There was an infancy of the poll thing, you know?
Male 35 to 54, 422 over half our audience.
Male over 5589.
There's another.
So you take those two categories.
You've got three quarters of the audience.
Male 35 plus.
The people with the money.
Male 25 to 3482.
Male 35 to 5442.
Too many numbers.
You're mailing it in with the numbers, Rogers.
Yeah, that's right.
Female over 55, 24.
Male 18 to 24 only 14.
Well, they have vanished.
Female 25 to 3411.
Female under 18, 4.
Male under 18, 3.
And female 18 to 24 still, so lamentate una.
The name of the best artist.
You're welcome.
The sportly, the 5.
Sixty-two AM.
The fourth leader.
The sports leader.
Neil God.
If anybody has a opinion,
dissenting from our way,
we'll place your name into the system.
Altenemy of the state.
Don't even talk about your questions.
Just follow and don't say.
Everybody's turning classes.
Classes to essays.
In the end, look at your years on.
They're washing all of you.
Everyone got the suspicion.
So much for you.
This is the sensation.
And all you might know.
In bush for the landation.
That's as you say.
Oh, you gotta hate those Jews.
And sit and dip our rose to.
Believe everything we tell you.
Under stinking run news.
Blood water, war, cornflets.
Fill up your heads, gun, ladies.
A roof and chainy bush, ladies.
Classes to essays.
You're fair.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
About economies go.
We're fascinated by chain.
No reason to stoop in war.
All flower is flitting.
The facts of the origin way.
Everybody's turning classes.
Classes to essays.
Well, 32 not only did I see Arlington road over the weekend.
By a sub the version of a kiss before dying with Matt Dillon.
Not that day then.
No, not that Dean or I would call him.
Somebody emailed me the Matt Damon stuff and like all breathless.
I read it on the air on Friday.
Thank you.
Now you don't know your esponial mister.
Oh, yeah, I already got some emails on that.
Bob and Miami says same old incorrect info from your boys in the studio.
Comla Estaz was state is the polite form third person singular.
Comla Estaz is the familiar form second person singular.
And Macringo says Bob and Miami.
B and E and Juno says.
Can I finish?
All right.
Comla Estaz would be the informal way of saying how are you?
Comla Estaz would be the formal way for somebody you just met or similar situation like that.
And Mark says you say Comla Estaz that someone is a close friend of acquaintance.
But you say Comla Estaz is someone in a more formal situation.
Tell Durer Jema bilingual Gringo speaks better Spanish than he does.
Yeah, it says Mark.
Most people do.
And you say we weren't talking about Comla Estaz.
But nevertheless, I never claimed to be an expert.
I had forgotten Spanish and had to relearn it all over again with all due respect to myself.
Oh, here comes Josh Cortes.
He's mad.
Oh, he's mad.
I'm not getting the story.
I thought it was coming up here to hit me.
I just wanted to make a little job here.
You know what?
I'm just shocked and appalled.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
First of all, my first of all.
First of all, you know, I'm going to get you here, okay?
Because I put up the stories that you send me, guys.
Okay.
So don't get mad at me if I get five or seven stories.
I don't know what you want from me.
But that's what happened.
I can take George over in my room and show him my outlook.
If they'll take me over to your room.
Okay.
Okay.
Send items.
Send items.
Listen.
You know where there is an allergic stress.
Listen, I'm not calling you a liar, but don't like...
How come you're not...
What do you think I do?
You think I get 20 emails and I'm like, I'm only going to do five of these.
Yes, what I do.
That's genuinely what you think.
For yesterday, let me count.
I got seven emails from you yesterday.
Seven stories.
I put up a setter day for yesterday.
Are five on Saturday.
When you shut up and let me count them, she's a...
Boy.
Two, four, six, eight, ten, twelve.
They're all dated, nine, fourteen.
Fourteen, sixteen, seventeen.
Over twenty.
I didn't get them.
And for today...
Oh no, that was for today.
Nine, thirteen.
Nine, thirteen would be for a...
Oh, again, the same number.
About eighteen, twenty.
Now, if you didn't get them,
is it possible?
That because we have this new setup here with the email thing.
When I click send, we have a new setup.
Well, that might be a problem.
What's the new setup?
When I click send, I don't always know because in the past,
when you click send on a little box,
it would say authorizing, sending,
and then it would go off.
And then you know it went true.
Now, these show up out of the set item,
so I have no doubt that you were receiving them,
but they all show up under sent.
So maybe I'm just going to have to wait longer to make sure that it went through.
You follow what I'm saying?
If it like, I don't have them right now either.
It's not like they're taking a long time.
I'm not getting...
No, no, you don't understand.
In other words, if I go off of there,
if I move to something else before it goes through,
it definitely isn't going through.
Even though it's Mark sent here,
it's not going to the other end.
Don't you understand?
I'm trying to be on your side.
Don't ask me why.
I don't sound like it,
but are you guys allowed to play the Abonix song?
Yes, we will, Melissa.
Whoever that is.
Now, what are you saying?
I think I've been pretty clear.
I don't know what...
You know, I listen today.
I heard you say you want Chris to do the stories.
Because you're not...
Because you weren't putting up all the stories.
I put up what I get now.
That's all I can do.
And I'll explain to you what I think.
I'm trying to give you an out.
I'm trying desperately.
And you're just talking yourself out of it.
I'm giving you an out.
I'm telling you that when you press send,
he doesn't...
The box goes away.
And the cursor sits there
and it kind of like trumbles a little bit for a couple seconds.
And then it goes on.
I'm thinking, boy, those are sure going through much faster than before.
And they're not.
You see?
Sure.
Erick says nothing has changed with the email.
So, Erick says that Josh is lying.
No, he just says nothing has changed with the email.
But it has on my...
Listen, you're both full of crap.
I mean, I know what's going on on this end.
Don't I have some idea what's going on on this end?
I'm sure that you did.
Oh, Richard Wright from Pink Floyd dies.
Ian from South Miami.
I remember you, Ian.
I'm still in love with Mark Reyes.
I remember you, Ian.
Sweetie.
It says, here's no vituriatory.
You might be not into Pink Floyd,
but a lot of suits like George and your audience are.
They'll be upset to find out about this.
And hello, dork lady.
He says, Richard Wright is dead.
I mean, aren't you understanding what I'm telling you?
Are you understanding what I'm telling you?
Yes, that the stories didn't come through,
and I'm telling you why that might be.
I'm trying to give you an out.
I'm trying to, you know, well, that's the reason that they don't go on.
That's why you're trying to have an ability.
So, I'm going to have to wait longer,
and I have really no way of knowing that you received them.
Now, how's this?
How about, where's your computer?
How many of you sent me so far today?
Let me go check.
Today?
Yes.
All right.
Well, this must be civilating radio,
but it's important crap, man.
It's important crap.
Today, I have sent you...
Two, four, six...
Eight, eight stories.
I'll be right back.
Don't take long.
No, I'm giving in the benefit of the doubt.
Are you understanding what I'm saying?
I've been listening.
I took about five minutes ago, sorry.
What?
This email gobbledy-goat going on between the two...
You've lost me like five minutes ago.
No, no, you know, because you send the stories when I'm not doing it.
Sure.
So, when you do it on Outlooker's press,
correct.
A box comes up,
and you click in the address,
and I just click in,
because it starts with news.
Yes.
And then you click send.
Right.
And ordinarily,
on top of that,
would come up a little bar,
and would say,
authorizing, sending,
and then it would show when it went all the way through,
and then it would,
the box would disappear.
Yes.
Meaning it was sent, right?
Now, when you click send,
when you put in the end,
and you click send,
the box disappears instantly.
Right.
You can always check your sent items,
just click on the sent items to see it.
You don't understand.
I just got through telling you that I sent all those items,
but he didn't receive them all.
Aren't you understanding?
Yeah.
I have seven.
And how many did I say I sent you?
Eight.
Yes, see?
So, I checked,
I checked in my junk folder,
and it wasn't in there.
I guess it's possible that it's going in there,
but I don't know why some would,
and some wouldn't,
but I didn't see any from today.
So, I don't know.
I will try to look in my,
I mean, they're getting sent for getting sent.
So, the only thing that I can do is,
what was that mean?
Meaning, if the judge is talking your way out of it.
Listen, Eric says you sent some seven stories today.
Eric says, I get copies of all the emails,
Neil sends to Josh,
Neil sends seven stories to you.
Okay, how many did I send over the weekend?
And then forget about today,
how many did I send Saturday and Sunday?
How many there is?
There's a good one.
That's a good question.
How many did I send yesterday for today?
Eric, I thought Eric hated you.
A 914, which would be yesterday.
Neil sent 20 stories.
There you go.
I didn't, I don't know what to tell you, dude.
I did, I got seven stories yesterday.
That's why seven stories were up.
Well, if Eric got them, I'll see two, four, six.
Oh no, I'm wrong, I'm sorry, I got seven, seven today.
So, all the ones that I sent went through.
And I'm sending them the same way today, obviously,
that I've been sending them all along.
I mean, am I some kind of a moron or what?
Please don't answer.
So, you've got some kind of a technical problem on your ass end, mister.
Let me tell you why.
I will do my best to figure that out then.
Yeah.
Well, maybe Eric can investigate your ass end.
Okay.
Get rid of this.
Get rid of this.
You're not going to support me for 5.50 QAM.
I'm being force leader.
Oh, good.
It's Vice-Presidential candidate Sarah Palin on Jeopardy.
All right.
Good having you here.
Oh, thank you for that warm welcome.
Good luck.
There we go.
Garden State.
Yes.
A lot of land that is, um, the a little more specific.
Shoot it.
Sorry.
Only Fran Tarkinson and this Miami-Dolphin's quarterback
have thrown over 300 career touchdown passes.
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
Oh no.
The Romanov dynasty was named in honor of Roman Uriovitch,
whose daughter married this horrifying czar.
I got involved in the PTA.
That is wrong.
I'm on the dad.
They both worked at the local elementary school.
Interesting.
Unfortunately, it cost you 5,100.
That's everything you have.
Shoot.
It might be who us to replace you with one of these
Pongupigmeos apes of Borneo.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
1246-1401.
So do we give them the Asterovings 3 now or not?
I don't think so.
I don't know.
Well, I don't know how it works.
Because when I send them, they go to Eric.
Now, how does Josh get them?
Well, they go through the email server that Eric
administers.
Right.
That's how Eric gets the copy.
It's not like Eric has to forward them along or anything.
Right.
So if I send Eric and Eric got them and he could count the ones that I sent yesterday,
how could they have possibly not gotten through to, uh, Schmecklehead?
I don't know.
Pink Floyd keyboard player and founder remember Richard Wright has died.
A 65 from cancer.
I'm dying out of here.
No wonder he was a smoker.
You think?
I don't know.
He died.
Dave Gilmore joined the band at the start of 1968 while Barrett left the group shortly afterward.
Wright penned songs on classic albums including The Dark Side of the Moon and Wish You Were Here.
Wright's spokesman said the family of Richard Wright, founder remember of Pink Floyd announcement.
Great sadness that Richard died today after he shrubbed Struvel with cancer.
The family of acid and primacy is respected at this difficult time.
Oh, good morning.
Something's funny about my money.
It's a good hope.
It's ain't gotten on because taking the smoking fang, it's like crazy.
He's changed smoking.
Pink Floyd achieved legendary status for the albums of the flu in 1973 with Dark Side of the
The Dark Side of the Moon.
He stayed in the West Album chart for more than a decade.
Waters left the band at 81 for all.
Guess what was also won over the weekend a whole bunch of times.
And every time I found it, I watched the whole bunch of it.
I was singing the shadows of the motion.
Open.
Got on with that.
And you know who else is from that movie?
I mean, Ben Harper.
He just, he missed his column, man.
He's great.
Those albums he's sending to those CDs and the songs that he sings are crap.
He's a good singer, LazyWriter.
Right.
LazyWriter and LazySelection, my God.
Writing together, right together with Gilmormation and Wright, continued to record and tour his Pink Floyd during the remainder of the 80s and 90s.
Releasing their last studio on the Division Bell in 94.
In 2005, the full band reunited for the first time in 24 years.
For the live eight concert and live inside part.
They won't be reunited again because Richard Wright is dead.
I'm dying on the hands.
Okay.
Okay.
That's it for that.
So what's the answer to the question about the poll?
The audience still want to hear it.
But the poll?
The email says the emails are starting to pick up now.
I think Monday is going to be like Monday on the phone.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Monday was always the week because the weekend is over.
People are getting back to the Orifice and getting back to their lives.
And they don't have all that spare time showed up all hungover and coughing fuzz out of their throats.
Any of the golfers as I heard a statistic that 80% of the voters don't pick a candidate based on the issues.
My mother-in-law and sister-in-law were staunch Hillary supporters and now voting for McCain.
Neil God help us.
Whoa.
Two false suggestions.
Who stuck more in the morning?
Kimbabwe camp or Kenny?
I vote for Kimbabwe man.
When he started doing all that crap about Ethan Skolnik's ball movements and how bad they smelled.
I mean, well, what is that?
What kind of sports talk is that?
Sniffing the BMs of sports writers at the Herald?
Anyway, of course he's still on.
We got that dolphin tonight.
Things seven to eight every night and he's on it.
Because like you say, if they like it, it sucks and it's going to fail bad.
What actor or actress do you always pay to go see no matter the subject matter of the movie and the theaters when they come out with a new movie?
It says I read that Nicole Kibman was paid $17 million to do her latest film.
The movie lost approximately $2.5 for every dollar she was paid.
Nicole Kibman, highly overrated.
I listen to you religiously and agree with most of what you say.
However, I love to play a lot of golf on TV.
Oh, let me know if you ever want to play a golf too.
No, love the stories but the website is boring.
What's boring about our website?
Ask that guy.
I think just the pictures we had of Sarah and her family and of your president, your drunken president, just in the last few days have been extraordinarily good.
Not to mention the wrestlers.
Your website is boring.
Well, I'll tell you what we won't charge you for it anymore.
How's that?
Schmuck.
Good idea.
All the complaints all the time.
That's the South Florida F and Way.
Will from California says long time listener first time caller or writer.
Like the new format, just want to know if you've heard of the movie Zite Guysd.
Yes, it's on our row and we have a link to it on our website.
Don't we?
I think so.
We did.
I think so.
It's free to watch on the interwebs and it's got a unique look on Christianity 9-11 in the government.
Yeah, I've seen it.
It's great.
Everybody should be forced to watch it.
I want to tell you this story that happened a long time ago.
I was living in Alaska.
It came across this young person named Sarah who was all in the fishing basket ball and hunting.
Well, I was a bit tried first but eventually we came friends and we blossomed into more for them just friends.
This girl, Sarah, was something else.
We do everything together.
I mean everything.
One day we were just sitting and talking in the park on a couple of guys that were up to no good.
Sarah, making trouble in my neighborhood.
I got into one little fight.
My mom got scared.
She said, you're moving in with your auntie and uncle and Bel Air.
I whistled for a cab when it came near the license plate said fresh and it had diced in the mirror.
Oh, this is going to be really bad.
If anything, I can say this cab is rare but I thought, not forget it.
Something home is to Bel Air.
I pulled up to the house about seven or eight.
I ordered the cabbie your home.
Smell you later.
Looks like my kingdom I was fighting a deride has sent him my throne as principal air.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Why did I read that?
I don't know.
I'm just reading them cold.
What did that one email say?
Unfiltered.
Unfiltered.
Too dangerous for you, Neil.
They're unfiltered.
Ah!
Haven't heard any more by the way from a 6-6, Batman.
Or from Crazy Eddie.
Eddie!
This is Eddie.
I'm Crazy.
Quit picking on poor Sarah.
What kind of an overgrown child would even write such a thing?
Quit picking on Sarah.
What are them?
Overgrown child.
Name Sarah.
Here's one from Sparky.
Long time list I actually turned into the footy show the other day he was talking about 9-11 so I thought I would check it out.
Your absolutely correct it was the worst thing I've ever heard.
He knows nothing and offers the list or nothing.
I think the only time footy was worth listening to was when he worked with Sunny Fox.
Footy, I told you the worst show in the history of radio.
It's the footsy show.
Also I have two, somebody, I love when they sent it to you several times just to make sure it went through.
Whatever happened to Sunny Fox.
Isn't he on Sirius or something?
He's on satellite somewhere, isn't he?
Okay.
Sunny Fox.
What a sad day it is that we can't even play for Sunny anymore.
Saying...
Hi, this is Sunny Fox.
I listen to your Rogers because I can hear the word asked.
Yeah.
We can't play the whole thing.
No.
What a shame.
What a stinkin' rotten ashamed.
Stinking rotten ashamed for those fish brands too that they got the crap pounded out of them for their 20th loss in their last 21 games in the National Football League regular season.
Wow.
And they were all whipped up.
Oh, look at the preseason.
We did so good.
It's going to be the Parcells era.
The Tony soprano era, they suck.
And between downtown Ronnie Brown and the perpetually troubled and confused and psychotic, Ricky, Ricky.
What do they have?
Like 52 yards rushing again yesterday?
50 something between the two of them.
Supposedly there's on XM radio, yeah.
Sunny's on what?
Comedy and uncentive comedy channel on XM.
See, we're trying to avoid me.
We're pretending you weren't listening when I was talking about the Dolphins pathetic running game.
They have no end there.
Secondary man.
Wait till you see what Matt Castle is going to do.
How he's going to pick apart that secondary next week.
He won't do what Warner did, but yeah.
And by the way, thanks again for West Melker.
Hey, you're welcome.
J.C., Jackie and Earth Girl Alina says,
Pack a cigarette $3.80.
Price of gas $4.35 a gallon and changing hourly.
Price of voting for McCain, Palin, bottomless pit.
Nice going, Jackie.
Good cramp.
Here's one that says it's cheaper to smoke crack than cigarettes.
Yeah.
Maybe chicken I got to get on the crack.
He ought to check out the Oprah show and they could share their crack problem together.
You know, Oprah, she's got the big crack.
Oh, yeah.
834 on the survey.
What did you say 900?
Yeah, I got a shot to make Chris happy on his first day bank.
So what are we resolved there with the courtes?
Who came in all silly and opening up a big mouth and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
I think it's really nifty that Eric counted from yesterday and I sent him 20 stories to put on there today and he put on seven Don't you find that pretty damn interesting that I sent 20?
And I only got seven put up on your Rogers.com on our sensational website, even though that 180 it says, Oh, your website blows, it's boring.
You think our website is boring?
No.
Oh, and here's a whole bunch of crap, including this one who keeps sending the thing about sunny Fox.
Idea for the pool, how many emails did Neil send?
How many emails did Neil send over 20?
Ha, ha, bye, bye, bye.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
How many emails did I send to Cordis?
Jerry Reed who played in many burials movies was a great guitarist and singer also died.
Jerry Reed, wasn't that a while ago Jerry Reed died?
Like a couple weeks ago.
Watching golf is like watching flies screw.
No, and it says, well, I think that back flies are more interesting depending on who's flyer looking at.
That's what I was going to say.
Rick says that was the theme music you just read from the TV show,
first principle player with Will Smith, see with finger lakes.
No, you will not see me at finger lakes, Rick.
Any more than you'll see what's his name?
Ross Morton at Finger Lakes.
He's still in the ground.
Neil, interesting follow up today's pool might be.
My ideal mate is use the same age and gender breakdown from a day's pool compared to the results.
No.
We'll get a good picture of all the perves in your audience myself, including this is Ray.
Non-interesting bad Ray, bad bad idea.
What's your name?
Bad, stylish, looking, new largest, 40, 50, QAM.
The fourth leader, Tamborna Spadano.
Since he was leader has won Natasha and I no longer have to look for a motion squirt.
Instead, we listen to the near-roger's pattern and balance one to two hour.
The Republican Party wants you to know that we fully support Vice President
Yolomani Sarah Palin and her pregnant 17-year-old daughter Bristol.
We're proud that Bristol is upholding the tenets of our party by keeping her child.
Unfortunately, we're not so happy with the identity of the baby's father.
Hello, I'm John Aperts.
Well, it looks like I got caught again.
I was weak.
I have a character flaw.
Blah, blah, blah.
But I am not the daddy of that baby.
Excuse me, Mr. Edwards.
But we have DNA evidence.
Oh, well, I have to go tell Elizabeth that we have another mouth to feed.
I hope she doesn't hit me like last time.
She almost missed it my hair.
Oh, it's a 102 at 560 WQ.
Well, they can't all be great.
I'll say to that.
The first one's the ones that we can play.
Oh, yeah.
Like I said, none of them can be great.
Some of them might be fairly good.
What was that one pet and go one that you were all in Amardow?
I said it wasn't bad, first of all.
Oh, and I'm sure the name of it.
Yeah, I was just as long as I can't remember it.
I got it.
There's the New Republic published last week.
Oh, no, this is for next week.
But case against Sarah Palin.
And these are a bunch of quotes from her from a hockeyman.
On the vice president, she said, but as for that VP talk all the time, I tell you, I still
can't answer that question until somebody answers for me.
What is it exactly that the vice president does every day?
That was July 31st on CNBC's Cuddle and Company.
What is it exactly that the VP does every day?
On Iraq March 21st, 2007, Alaska Business Monthly, she said, I've been so focused on state government,
I haven't really focused much on the war in Iraq.
I heard on the news about the new deployments.
And while I support our president, Condoleezza, rising administration, I want to know that we have an exit plan in place.
June 8th, 2008, if he was silly, a wassilla assembly of church, God church, wassilly.
Pray for our military men and women who are striving to do what is right.
Also for this country that our leaders, our national leaders, our sending American soldiers out on a task that is from God.
That's what we have to make sure that we're praying for, that there's a plan and that plan is God's plan.
On creationism, October 25th, 2006, woman of total debate.
She said growing up with being so privileged and blessed to be even a lot of information on both sides of the subject, creationism and evolution.
It's been a healthy foundation for me, but don't be afraid of information and let kids debate both sides.
On Global Warming, August 29th, 2008, NewsMatch.com, a changing environment will affect Alaska more than any other state because of our location,
I'm not one though who would attribute it to being a man made.
June 8th, 2008, wassilly assembly of God's church.
I think God's will has to be done unifying people and companies to get that gas line built, so pray for that.
Pray to God for that gas line to get built.
June 14th, 1999, the wassilly city council information memorandum, 1969-62.
I'm receiving $1.8 million in federal earmarks for the city of wassilly.
For your information, this doesn't include our nearly $1 million from the feds for our airport paving project.
We did well.
I'm at Bridge, Denowr, October 22nd, 2006, Anchorage, Daily News.
Question, would you continue state funding for the proposed Nick Arm and Gravina Island Bridges?
Pale and yes, I would like to see Alaska's infrastructure projects built sooner rather than later.
The window was now while our congressional delegation is in a strong position to assist.
On Library, Booksheet doesn't like.
October 96th, Conversation with Library and Mary Ellen Emmons in the Anchorage Daily News.
What would your response be if I asked you to remove some books from the collection?
On the succession of Alaskan Independence Party, 2008 video to address Independence Party Convention,
your party plays an important role in our state's politics.
Keep up the good work and God bless you.
On Ivana Trump, April 3rd, 96 Anchorage, Daily News.
We want to see Ivana because we're so desperate in Alaska for any semblance of glamour and culture.
I'm running wassilly October 96th in the Matzu Valley Frontiersman.
It's not rocket science and $6 million and 53 employees.
Meaning her job is mayor.
I'm being governor.
December 4th, 2006 in her inaugural address.
I will unambiguously steadfastly and doggedly guard the interest of this great state as the mother naturally guards her and actually guards her own.
Like a southeast eagle and her eaglets are more appropriately here in the Carlson like an annook defending her cub.
On the prospect of becoming candidate for VP, August 14th 2008 financial post,
it kind of cracks me up. It is so far of the realm of possibility and reality.
That's about the only sensible things she said.
Oh, don't crack me up.
Is it crack you up?
All the time.
Bill says, long time listener, first time e-mailer,
first of all, it says, stop the calls. Well, guess what? Bill already stopped the calls.
I'm going to give me instructions. Don't you?
I just love that.
Call, stop last Wednesday, permanently on his show.
Bye-bye, colors. Bye-bye.
I'm a fan.
Of course, there are no longer listening allegedly, right?
Right. If I said that we're going to take calls for 15 minutes, how many?
15 minutes. 15 seconds.
How long? How many seconds do you think before we get?
I'm your friend.
Five.
Hi, Ron. Hi, Norm.
Sonny Fox is the program director and on-the-air guy at the XM Comedy Channel.
It says, see we get a response.
Who are the chicks with booze and guns on your website?
Paylon's daughter and friends?
I'm sure you're saying who they are, but I missed it. Yes, that's correct.
Good deduction.
Paylon's daughters and friends.
They love their guns. They love the country. They love the Lord.
And they love to screw their brains out. So what's not to like?
Bill says, long time listener, first time e-mailer,
I think the calls suck in the e-mails are really, really, really much better right.
Cigarettes cost $390. If you don't buy them by the carton, you rock.
Right on out counts, Bill.
Four bucks a pack for cigarettes. When you have your weekly meeting with chicken, I probably tomorrow.
But you better talk to him about faggots. I heard him not talking about...
Damn God!
Me. I have. For a different reason.
What do you mean by that?
Well, when someone is doing something that's going to kill them,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
I'm going to say,
You didn't see.
A-I, you're very lucky.
I was a colon, A-I-
I...
No, no.
You only made half of it?
He died in the middle somewhere
towards the end of the Earth.
He had some damn nerve.
And Spielberg finished it.
They both did a right in the sleep.
Well good.
He wasn't that old either,
I think it was like 65.
I think it was like 65.
Maybe not even that.
You want to look it up?
Google it.
Stanley Kubrick.
Google see how well he was.
Chris had done it.
And boy, he shared to a crab every movie he made, whether you like them or not, just
about every movie he made was controversial.
Right.
Tocque or Corange in Britain, they went absolutely hate-sm�d.
They went nuts.
Yes, they did.
Good.
Yeah.
That's how you know it was good.
Now that's right.
The truth hurts.
It's like when the movie The Priest came out.
Priest, remember that?
And the Catholic Church was having a nervous crab?
Oh, please.
Oh, they also had a nervous crab about his movie Lolita.
Yeah.
They were always having nervous crabs.
They're always having nervous crabs.
Yeah.
And the Catholic Church thinks that they can dictate to everybody else what we can see.
What was the name of that commission which I can never think of the name of it?
In the 30s and 40s that the Catholic Church, all the movies had to be run by and approved
by them.
Otherwise, they couldn't, you know, nobody wanted to show them.
There's something commission.
He died at age 70.
70?
Well, that's old enough for him.
See, if I say that's old enough, I mean, I'm already, I'll be 66 in November.
You realize 66?
Oh my God.
Yeah.
That's almost like 66.
I guarantee if I shaved my head a little bit more closely.
Yeah.
Which I have to do.
The brunt there.
The skinhead.
Why?
You can see that number out there.
Yeah, like in the old man.
Remember that?
Now, I don't understand.
His kid must have been a really heavy sleeper especially since he was a demon.
Yeah.
Well, because remember, was it Gregory Peck?
Yes.
And he took the razor, the electric razor and he shaved his head while he was in bed sleeping
and he never woke up.
I guess the devil is a deep sleeper.
So get him in a sleep while I, like Belorogosi, man, get Dracula in his crypt while the
sun is shining.
Right?
Right.
Right.
And drive the stake through his heart.
Eddie, help me Eddie.
Eddie, Eddie.
Eddie, Eddie.
Well, that's a good movie too to see with your board.
But I'm going to tell you, a really, really, really great movie to see is Arlington Road.
And the ending will just blow you away.
And of course, without giving anything away, without spawning it, it just, it goes to
show you what goes on today.
Nothing is what it appears to be.
When you say that's a big part of the message of the movie, it'll lead.
Nothing is what it appears to be.
The world is there.
Pull them the woolly over your eyes, man.
Even Shepwolly would agree with that.
Look at Shepwolly with his Dan Purple Peeple leader.
Anybody believe there was such a thing as a Purple Peeple leader?
No.
And the sport.
Did you?
Yeah.
Was it in Joe Bell's office?
No.
859 tallies on the survey.
I don't think you're going to make your 900.
That's pretty sad because this isn't a pool.
It's just a survey.
Which group do you fit in?
That's all.
Very simple question for simple people.
Shepwolly.
A medley of a smash.
Will I solve the thing coming out of the sky by the one long horn and one big eye?
If I come Mr. Shepwolly.
It looks like a purple Peeple leader to me.
It was a one eye, one horn flying purple Peeple leader.
Who's a corny purple Peeple leader?
Okay.
That's enough.
I'm actually, he's dead.
Shepwolly.
Google Shepwolly.
I wonder if he was kind of Chuck Sworry.
Boy, I'm just like that man so much.
I don't know why.
He's just so bad.
And the other one who is so bad was the one who's married to some soap opera chick
Oh my God.
He's so bad.
I can't think of his name.
He's got a personality like a dead man.
I'll think of it.
I don't think I heard him.
I'll think of some name.
Chuck Willery.
Dead or alive.
I mean Chuck.
Shepwolly.
Shepwolly.
Shepwolly.
He was the first host.
I keep saying this because it's so embarrassing.
First host on the original Wheel of Fortune when you used to have the Dalmatian you know
and let's go shopping and the show Dan here went off the air was a bomb.
And then they brought in Pat and Van and all of a sudden I think Van was on there though
with Chuck Sworry wasn't she?
I don't know.
It's pretty sad commentary when it takes somebody as bland as Pat Sage Act to turn a show
around.
Wheel of Torture.
So what's the story on Shepwolly?
Oh I thought Chris was looking at it up.
You know when you guys look at that probably do the break.
Alright.
Alright, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Oh I'm a big hit.
We live in the Fort Hedgewoody Voicationing in Jacksonville.
Alright let's get right to it.
Oh son of a bitch.
Ten Russes.
A bomb.
I'm proud.
What's up?
I'm 10 backster.
Come on give me a call.
Who's come Lord?
Can put me a guy smiley.
How about that?
Give me a call right here.
I want to know.
Who's come off a journalism?
Hey Echoric or Cookie Nimic?
Come on give me a call here.
You know good bastards.
Some man and nobody's calling.
Look.
A call.
Can we have one here?
No.
Not you.
You enjoy it my show Mo?
What do you mean?
Your show.
Your moron.
Why I'll have you know I'm filling in for the vacationing.
Jacks.
He ain't coming back.
It's gonna be my show again.
No he's fragile.
That chance loser.
You already failed.
It don't matter.
Once your film is rebly with an all sports format that all you gotta do is.
More sports.
Yeah I know.
So tell me something.
Who did Mo for journalism?
Anderson Cooper or Max Headroom.
Huh?
That's what you saw.
Oh look right back at the visa from most of the thing.
Twenty after one at five sixty WQM.
So anyway here's one from somebody.
Oh Ed.
I keep doing that.
I keep looking at the email address.
Yes.
And when it's a full number usually the name is at the end.
They don't always do that.
You can just make up a name if you're worried about your name.
And I certainly don't write anybody's last name.
Even Eddie from before.
You know Eddie?
A Dean.
I dare you to og and stop picking on Sarah.
Find another show Eddie.
Okay find a new home.
Anyway this is a different Ed.
He says I watched directly and I think it was great and disturbing.
How is that director's other movie?
It has the symbol Pi on the cover.
Well that's because the name of the movie is Pi and don't waste your time.
Hmm.
Pi.
I do like Pi though.
And I love directly him for a dream.
But.
Never do I.
Did you watch Pi? Do you ever see it?
Yes.
I never made it all the way to the end but that's what Pi.
And even though I've seen it they put it to the end.
That's right.
And you wrote it for me so there was no point in me finishing watching.
So who is the craziest one?
They're with an actual Rabbi or do you mean Karen?
Well he was certainly my favorite.
The Rabbi.
The Rabbi?
Yeah George's got a thing for old rabbis.
Yes.
It's right here.
See it.
It's straight.
So what about the history of a real fortune and grandin' fortune?
That they viewed with Pat.
The Chuck's Willary did the solo I guess.
I don't know.
But before we get to that I got 600 pages on the squeal of fortune.
I'm not talking about the game.
The slot machine game.
I'm talking about the show.
Do you remember the old one with the Chuck's Willary?
Nope.
And they had this like spunky room that all these chinsy prizes in it.
Some of the prizes might have been decent because people would rack up a certain amount of money instead of giving them a cash.
Oh let's go shopping now.
And they would put the contestants head up inserted up in a corner.
And then you'd see them.
Oh I'll take the Dalmatian for a 40 bucks and you know like that.
It was crap.
And we're griffin' that fairy.
You're fair.
A closet case, a rest in pieces.
He's the one who made all the money off of that.
That in the jeopardy.
Your favorite.
Ask me if I've watched Wheel of Fortune in the last year.
Have you watched Wheel of...
Peter from Bocus has widely been public and has always used experience as a qualification for potential candidates.
What's the barometer they used for this standard was Dan Quail qualified to be present?
Is Sarah Palin any better choice than Danny Boy?
Or maybe we should use W as the ultimate barometer for experience.
We can see where his experience got us today.
If their idea of experience is candidates with a caliber of like Dan Quail, Sarah Palin and George W.
to bring to the table, then we're all doomed to this.
That's right.
You got a peat.
If the GOP continues to elect a president, they would like to have a beer with.
Well first of all, they're not electing presidents.
I mean they are fixing elections, but they're not electing the voters or electing them.
We'll continue to have government that looks more like it's run by Joe Sixpack.
Unfortunately, Joe Zaliris approached the fixing the mess wearing today.
They won't help anymore.
Wake up people.
The house of cards is collapsing right now before our eyes.
We're heading down a dangerous road at 100 miles an hour with no breaks.
I don't know about you, but this passenger is scared, or smittless, and McCain might be our next reckless driver.
And that means Sarah's our backseat driver.
I don't think this road trip that I can bear one more time.
How can a trip with grandma and mama Moussa ever end well?
I don't know about you, but I really like to try a new driver.
Maybe someone who can see over the steering wheel this time can't even steer with those stiff arms.
Canada's sounding better every day, eh? It says Peter from Bokeh.
Saudi better every day, eh?
A couple of things from Jason.
Smokes at your in Miami, your average gas station are usually between 350 and 400 KW.
I'm not a big movie guy, but I watched Michael Clayton with George Clooney and really enjoyed it.
Have you seen it? No. George Clooney bugs me.
Me too. I saw it listed the right up looked really interesting.
Yeah, but I just saw that George Clooney was in it. Yeah.
I agree with you, by the way, about that.
Oh, I watched it. I was going to agree with you.
I watched Seriana, and I thought it just absolutely sucked. It was horrendous.
But I think I will probably give it a watch, because it looked very interesting.
Michael Clayton, what's it about?
I forget, but it looked very interesting.
Michael Clayton Thomas? Yeah, that's it.
I've actually had a lot of blood sweat in tears in it.
Monday during Dolphin season, the only time I enjoy sports radioses, whoever this is,
so I can hear the I have no life sports fans scream and cry.
Oh, look at that heat. They're so fat.
And of course, the South Florida teams, the main ones, the Hurricanes and the Dolphins now are...
Oh, oh.
...and three.
Didn't the Canes have a pants or one or one?
What?
Canes are one and one.
Oh, that's right. They beat a girl's school of first game.
Sorry. One and three, like I said.
Get straight.
But they didn't play this past weekend.
That's correct.
Now, they have any more little girl schools on their schedule, like the Charleston, South,
the West or whatever they played?
No, just the couple little girl school in their conference.
No.
Have a great Monday in Screw Josh. He seems like a spoiled fat boy, this is.
How do you like that, spoiled fat boy?
I'm just going through my pile. I think I'm all caught up on the emails.
Well, it's been slow on emails today.
And over the weekend, forget it.
I kept waiting to come in here and look on that thing.
Oh, no, I've got some more stuff.
But there are articles that people email to me.
That doesn't count as reading bedtime stories when they're somebody emailing to me.
Does it?
Nope.
I don't know.
Oh, and this guy, Teely by Yif Florida News, stop.
Stop. Go away. And get lost.
This guy sends me 8,000 useless...
Oh, my God. Jeremiah Bondfield.
Please enjoy my new video entitled, P-O-W Bush.
And I know that's not the guy who sent me to me. That's the guy who sent it to him.
Sorry.
Sorry, Jeremiah.
I thought Jeremiah was a bullfrog.
Yes, he was. Good for him.
Hey, guys, thought you could have fun with this one.
Long time fan of the show and it's some, I don't know what it is.
It's a link.
Online games. Delete, delete, delete.
You know what I mean?
Yes. Delete.
I just don't have time for such a caca.
Look, there are a lot of silly people out there, you know what I mean?
Sarah Paylon's Church is openly anti-Jewish Jewish voters beware of Sarah.
Get your name.
Oh, no.
You're not necessarily a five-fifty QAM.
The fourth leader.
Next to you.
You're in D.A.Y.
As you see, yes.
You're fairly.
I want to have some kids, but hate to touch women.
So I will not play Aiken and use to Sarah Gets.
Now I'm a real-life father and have twin baby boys.
The new Michael Jackson will film my house with toys.
I didn't take my shoes off, but my face was ugly made of wood.
I picked a woman for her takes her money in the mail.
You say it to make a child, oh, girls, I hate you.
Gross, you lost in your destiny, tro.
You don't need a safe, that kid.
You lost in your destiny, tro.
You're in an outlaw of me.
Twin' minutes and long go.
Now I know, I know, I know.
Twin' is a rickshaw, new isn't a stint tro.
I can't buy you a thing in the tro.
It's a rickshaw, new isn't a stint tro.
Won't create a good boy here.
You ought to see.
You ought to read, you ought to hear the piece of drill
and I just got an email.
This is a rickshaw.
We're going to hear it.
Your audience keeps getting older and older
and Paco isn't servicing you.
It's just a bunch of sarcotic crap.
Anyone in a one?
I have no lines.
But you know that button that's got the red thing on it
that says delete?
Jess.
I just don't have time for such crap.
If you want to use the email thing to agitate,
to aggravate, to annoy, isn't it a work?
Delete goes away in half a second.
Crap.
Save your crap for somebody else.
Or not set it right along.
It's fine.
Get it out of your system.
Here's one that says,
Neil, the emails are by far better than it calls.
I'm on Xanax and Lexiproiet.
I'm able to have a normal conversation.
So it makes me wonder what those crazy people are on.
Who see righteous kill, it's really good.
And Joyce is still a bitch.
From Greg, the lawyer listener.
Thanks, Greg.
Keep popping those pills.
Or not.
Tom from Tallahassee says,
I love the email idea.
I listen up here as much as I can.
Didn't Joe get a check?
Dogeola do the wheel way back one?
Then we did not.
No, Chuck's rotary and the Pat Sejek are the only hosts
that have ever been on it, too.
I believe, although I got the 400 pages of stuff on it.
Joe Dodgeola did the sale of the century and also struck a rich.
Joe, get it check, Dodgeola.
God, talk about it illiterate.
Just embarrassing.
Captain Singh, our good buddy, says,
admindy's news on 209-71street along with your choice of reading material.
You can pick up regular cigarettes for a four-box-a-pack Marlboro Winston
or clove cigarettes from Indonesia for five-box-a-pack.
Clove cigarettes?
Yes.
What's that?
They're making clothes.
Man, clothes.
Right?
Well, the clove leaves they use those instead of tobacco.
Otherwise, yeah.
We also sell cigarettes from India for five-dollar-a-pack.
Well, in the way of the idiot that was giving me a saw today is about Toronto
and the aslimeiest people in the world from all over the world.
There are so many unbelievable looking people from India and Pakistan
and the Middle East and from everywhere, not to mention the course of Canadian-born Canadians.
I guess we have to assume that if anybody is not a white North American native
that they must be ugly and grotesque and offensive and unacceptable, is that the deal?
Of course, that figure is in South Florida.
Oh, you Cubans and you, uh, Nicaragua, isn't there?
South Florida where everybody hates everybody else.
Neil, what was your opinion of the departed?
I personally thought it was on a par with Godfather and Goodfellas.
Did the departed? Did I see that?
No, not yet, but you should.
Even though, even though...
You know what?
Leo.
Leo's in it?
Yeah, it was still very good.
Oh, Leo's in it with what's his name?
They both have the same name.
Mad Damon and Leo are in the movie.
I think I have seen parts of it.
It's a very good movie.
Really, I'm going to go get it.
Chris thought it was a good movie.
They departed, have long since departed.
And I didn't think that I would like it because, you know, Chris liked it and loved it.
No, never gonna see that.
I have never seen that.
But I watched it and he was right.
He was right, one.
It's good.
Very good.
I saw little clips of that, in the word parts of the movie.
I couldn't tell the two of them apart.
Leo's in it.
What was it?
The bigger bulb is head.
Oh, that's Leo.
Yeah.
And Mad Damon.
He talks like this.
And what about...
I was born like we have.
I was born like we have.
I was born like we have.
I was born like we have.
Oh man.
You do that almost as good as...
I'm a hockey man from Alaska.
Almost.
897 on the survey.
We only have one female 18 to 24.
Oh, what am I gonna do?
My audience is getting older.
Yeah.
Too bad.
66 year old Fag.
And I'm, you know, still getting the fat paychecks.
Okay, then Jack asked it.
You know, you should have seen it.
Just venom.
Just nothing but venom.
But just click it and delete in the way it goes.
That big red X.
SOD says,
SOD the movie lasts night, five out of ten, ordinary.
What movie is that?
Oh, Michael Payton.
His big name is Sarah's.
Go to Woodbine.
Hope my spelling is correct instead.
Thanks for taking these stupid calls for us.
Not taking stupid calls from boring people I've nothing to say.
Love the show.
SOD.
Thanks, SOD.
Next one.
Virtual Online House Party.
My name is Grace and I'm writing for my colleague.
Yeah, yeah.
I have them for your help.
No thanks.
And here's one from Jeff in Orlando who says,
Hey, Neil, wanted to thank you and your show for your 50% off deal from the field.
I went there saturday night with my dad and younger sister and the food and service was excellent.
I had the drunken chicken potato soup, smoked fish dip, and frosty smithwicks.
Smittex.
Smittex.
Well, smittex.
Grab it.
It says, I would pronounce smittex.
If you would just let me go, he's got the pronunciation.
Frosty smittex draft.
I've been a fan of yours since the day's in W.I.O.D.
when I would work in my dad's print shop during the summers or listen to you and feel hand-reviewed religiously.
Thanks again.
Keep up the good work.
Jeff in Orlando.
Thanks, Jeff.
That's a great place to field.
Yes, it is.
See, most of the stuff that comes on here is a useful and of course, like I said, some of the idiots.
Oh, here's a uniblues.
Speed up my PC.
Oh, I don't think so.
Yeah, click it twice.
It's a good place to see.
It's a good place to see.
It's a good place to see.
Why is that?
I'm kidding.
I think I do need to speed up my PC though.
901.
We got your 900 Chris on the first date back from vacation.
Excellent job.
Alright, thank you.
Well, it's not even a pull.
It's a freaking survey.
Do I have to do a pull for tomorrow?
Oh, I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I don't mind it.
I thought for sure that I have faked one to fat Eric up there,
let me take a look and see.
I'm pretty damn sure when you get to be old and seen out like me.
Yeah, I did.
There it is about religion.
Okay, good.
It's their Eric when you get around to it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, emergency.
I'm not trying to show up, George,
because George ain't doing the show tomorrow.
There's not what I was trying to do all those times.
I put the pull on her.
It's trying to make me crazy.
Well, I think I've done a good job.
I think I've done a magnificent job.
I have a good way there.
Maybe that would be a good pull to take somebody.
Who's crazier, Neil or George?
What?
People I give money to have sex with me.
Are you saying that you're paying for it?
Is that what you're saying?
No, it's a problem.
It's all the marriage I did.
I get named the best tower here in the politics.
Forty-a-five, sixty-qu a.m.
The fourth leader.
The sports leader.
Yeah, kid, baby.
The fourth leader.
Miami has the dolphins,
and here we go again.
Another losing season
that's never gone up,
and they never win,
they never will.
And I will never know
why sports illustrated victims
to win the Super Bowl
and they're the Miami Daughters.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the way?
Who did you win?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The same old story nothing new.
The dolphins are such losers.
They really are quite lame.
I knew it from the very start.
I watched a Pittsburgh game.
And did you see the wimp?
They're like a fag in there.
You say Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the way?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're problems,
Victor, then my clue.
The dolphins lost a buffalo and died.
Then he had a seat.
It's only by Sherlock that they pulled out of victory.
And then they played the Texans.
It almost made me sick.
That stupid two-point pass play.
That fumbling on-site kick in there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the way?
That itself.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
All in no more, it needs to shoot.
The dolphins can't control the fall.
They're running.
Game is flat.
As for their execution.
Well, I'd agree with that.
They're always gone.
A flow of lead of that, you can be sure.
And when they leave the field,
So has the stench of common door.
And they're like Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many jeans in the way?
That's amazing.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Give them another shot of boor.
No, stop.
The dolphins have no strategy.
They play like idiots.
Another couple games lost to the Patriots and jets.
I think they're all retarded.
It's almost like their curse.
F. J. St. Tamer and Zectomis.
Which team is the worst?
They'll say Miami Dolphins.
Cheers.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell?
32.
Absolutely.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're through.
I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm dying, I'm here.
146.
14.
If you think it's bad now, it's going to get a lot of uglier.
And there's going to be a lot of gnashing of teeth and a lot of screaming and ranting and raving.
Oh, geez.
How could it be this bad again even worse than last year?
You think they could be worse than last year, Chris?
No.
How about a little bit about, huh?
No.
Well, they didn't have a perfect season after all.
Did they?
Last year?
No.
By the way, just mention this in passing that the Patriots have won.
How many consecutive regular season games have 21, I think?
20 or 21?
And the Dolphins have lost 20 of last 21.
Think it's just a coincidence?
No.
No.
No.
Chris says the letter Turner for Chuck Wohrrey was Susan Stafford.
You see, Pat and Vatak came together, like it's a package.
Okay.
I guess.
You see, anything you ask, it might take a little while, but sooner or later, somebody on the...
As opposed to the phone where we get, I'm in a hurry!
About 900 times a day.
Wasn't it something that I had to come up with with this kind of instant solution for the phone situation?
Even though now they're working on it feverishly.
Don't waste your time, jolly, Joe.
Okay, everything's under control.
Then might cost you some money what you were talking about.
Don't waste your...
Don't, certainly don't waste the money.
Give it to George and Chris.
And the courtes.
Or not.
So did he ever come back in and explain to you guys what the deal was?
Did he find out?
I mean, if they all went through, see my theory is incorrect.
Because if they all got through as far as Eric, then on this end they were sent out.
Right.
And if when I look at my look at the press and I click on sent, and all those messages are there, saying that they've been sent, then guess what?
They've been sent.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm just telling you.
Okay.
I don't know what kind of excuses he's making, what kind of...
We'll see what happens tomorrow.
In fact, I think what I should do is send about what?
Two, three hundred stories for tomorrow?
I think so.
And then I'm going to count them.
Every last one damn well better be there.
Anyway, Eric's a long time list and says you once mentioned that you're watching the department on a plane.
That's correct with no sound.
Well, the reason there's no sound is because a lot of times you know they give you those funky little headphones on you.
You know, they're just on a plane.
Right.
And they just hurt the hell out of my ears.
So a lot of times unless it's something I really want to see, like...
There will be the red.
I drink your milkshake.
I passed it in a basket.
No, I did listen to the audio on that.
And I'm so sorry.
Because they had this screaming loud melodramatic music.
You know what I mean?
Oh my god.
Just...
Like something weird.
I mean, the dramatic was going to happen.
Nothing happened.
Anyway, you were watching the other plane with no sound.
We're having trouble identifying which one Leo or Matt was the good cop.
Which one was the bad cop.
That's right.
They had them made up so they looked very, very similar in that flick.
It's a good movie, not great.
Definitely worth watching.
So, Eric, thanks, Eric.
Thanks, Rich.
They departed.
Do I have time to get into all my squeal of fortune stuff?
Carl Roves says that John McCain has gone one step too far
and some of his recent ads attacking Barack Obama.
I do like that.
Carl Roves said that.
They're roving maniac.
And if he says it, what does that tell you?
Tells you he was probably behind it.
Wheel of Fortune is a popular American television game
show created by Merv Griffin.
Hey, Merv.
You're fairie.
One of America's richest and deadest closet queens.
Three contestants, occasionally three pair contestants,
competing against each other's solvable word puzzle.
Similar to those seen in the game, Game Hangman.
Well, I never knew that.
Did you know that?
Nope.
Hangman.
The name of the show comes from the large wheel that determines
a dollar a month's prizes, one or lost by the contestants.
The show first aired in 1975 on a daytime network TV.
The current version in its 26th season has been syndicated
in prime time access since September 19, 1983.
It's been the most watched syndicated program since May 84.
How do you like that?
The most watched.
It's the longest running syndicated game show in American TV history
and the second longest neither network or syndication
behind the current CBS version of the price is right,
which began airing in 1972.
The show is produced by Sony Pictures TV,
and syndicated by CBS TV distribution,
formerly King World Productions.
You're following all this?
You're writing it down?
No.
Pat SayJack and Van A White have hosted this version
of the show since its debut, this version,
and Charlie O'Donnell served in the announcement since early 1989.
Jack Clark served as the show's announcer
till his death in July 88.
Well, that's a sad excuse.
Remember Jack Clark?
He was good.
And what's his name?
Charlie Olson.
Jimmy Olson.
What was his name?
Jimmy Olson.
No, Jimmy Olson was on Superman.
He was a...
What was the Johnny Olson?
Sorry.
Here is Johnny.
How come you don't know Johnny Olson?
I'd never met him, man.
And then there was a what's his name to the fat queen, Rad Roddy.
I'm dying out of here.
MG Kelly and Don Parto filled in between 88 and 89
before O'Donnell, who previously announced the daytime version arrived.
And it goes on about the taping and the categories
and the toss-up puzzles spinning the field.
They said spinning the field was very much like the QM remotes.
Wild card free spin, buying a vowel, having a good vowel movement.
Solving the puzzle?
Oh my god, this just goes...
I should play Vanna pick me a letter.
Tiltful.
No, I'm not talking about now.
Oh, it's a little bit long.
So that means I'll get out of here 30 seconds early.
I don't want to run over to the big O's time, even though he's got four hours a day.
Shopping.
Prior to season five, the game was not played for cash.
Money earned was used to shop for prizes.
Primarily, cars, furniture, trips, furs, and jewelry.
A particular price, not only big wall, bought once for episode.
Each round has theme prize showcases.
The most expensive prizes in that last page are printed, which is good,
because now we're out of time.
I'm not here, it's with me.
Oh, what the hell's that? The bestsector me saw.
Yes.
What's the good name?
The best talent, here, within a rocket,
40 to 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's day two, by any town.
Versus, at 5.60 WQL.
Get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Got to get around the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win, spin the wheel again.
Ovena, pick me a letter, bankrupt.
What do you mean, bankrupt?
I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look at that say Jack again.
Won't throw in the towel, still I buy your vowels.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Hey, man, what do you mean there's no S and F?
Ovena, pick me a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
Hey, man, I said I don't understand.
That now I don't understand why you make a hundred grand.
Not for me to say.
Anyway, get me a ticket for an aeroplane.
Got to be on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just got to win, spin the wheel again.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Go, man, I don't think it's all right.
Hey, get out of my face, fight.
Get out of the way.
Is there an L and that word?
Is it a low rider?
All right, low rider.
Forget the letter, man.
I'll take that a while.
You're beautiful, buddy.
You're a meek of little home game.
Got me a ticket for an aeroplane.
All right, I'm on the Wheel of Fortune game.
I just love that sound.
I'm in the bonus round.
Hey, man, pick me a letter.
Loser turned.
Hey, fast, loose day.
Ben a big need a letter.
No one does it any better.
I dream about you.
All right, that isn't all over again.
Ben, I don't mean to stare.
But are you wearing underwear?
Not for me to say.
Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend.
Can't stand to look.
Get past age.
Jack again.
Won't throw in the towel.
Still, I buy your vowels.
Ovena, pick me a letter.
Please ban a big need a letter.
All right, I'm ready to pick, baby.
APCD, FG, GTK.
And I'm not being too hard at TVWX, my D.
That's your cover, man.
All right, I take the sofa, the blender, the micro-weather,
a refrigerator.
Hey, man, what do you mean?
$500, for a black and white five-inch portable TV set.
You got ripped off, man.
My brother and I can get it for your whole sales.
Give me the money and I'll buy the TV set, man.
All right, I'm glad it's all, baby.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest name is the best talent.
And your home's Miami GoldenSquad
World's Radio 560 WQAM.
Hello.
This is Jimmy Page and I want to hear some luck and know.
I will act in it.
