What a sad group, man.
Republicans have got a really sad group.
Even when Lard asks when Rush is bemoaning the fact that there's no true conservative
there, there's all a bunch of phony gloonies.
When even my cockleberry is enough of a Nazi for Rush, that tells you a lot.
The ought to be with his Christian nation and his Bible thumping BS in his bigotry, but
nevertheless not bigot enough for Rush and his ditto heads.
Uh-oh, what just happened there?
I thought the market was not only 24-point and that had to be file footageing and they
keep doing that and they're really starting to piss me off more than usual CNN.
I'm going down there right now.
Yeah, it's down 67.
I just feel pretty bad and the NASDAQ is way like 50 points down.
Not good.
You better set your stock.
Right.
742 on the pull now Chris.
You happy?
I just want to get that off of there.
It's horrible.
It's embarrassing.
I'll even have your streaming's up.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, the streaming is back up.
Oh, happy day, Halle, Looie.
All right.
No holding us back now.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent here is Neil Rogers.
4.560 QAM.
Me.
4th leader.
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
Me.
You want to get me creoired.
I don't know why you won't leave me alone.
Each day, of the radio,
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You know that I'm just a bad fool
and a pepper Tiger.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
You treat me boldly Each day of the year
And I will always hold me
About how sports is so boring and queer
Oh it must be great fun
To be so mean to me
You shouldn't spoon nearly what had you seen
Just how mean you are to me
Every day you're mean to me
You fairer
I'm getting from the New York Post more details
They want more about Heath Ledger and how come he died
Apparently that's what the movie wants to do
I'm not talking about it now
I'm thinking about Casanova and Monsters Ball
I see there you go, that's all they're talking about
Heath Ledger's dead
Anyway, it says his body was found naked and dead
And his so-ho apartment yesterday after he apparently overdosed on anti-anxiety pills
Yeah, his ex-fiancé actress Michelle Williams was flying to New York from Sweden
With her two-year-old daughter Matilda, her father said
Larry Williams told the Daily Telegraph in Australia
My heart goes out to everyone, my family were just very sad
And the saddest thing is his daughter who he loved dearly
While some sources said Ledger was depressed the actress father Kim later released a statement declaring his son's dead accidental
His father Kim, what kind of an English metaphor a guy?
No wonder he took the pills
You know, okay, Kim of Old Camper, excuse me
No!
You better be fucked
Excuse me!
One cop at the scene said it didn't appear to be a suicide
But police were still investigating and an autopsy is scheduled for today
Ledger was found by his maid and the masseuse with whom he had a scheduled 3PM appointment at his $23,000 a month 3 bedroom loft at 421 Broom Street
When the two women entered his bedroom about 320 PM, Ledger was nude lying face down and unresponsive
They probably said
Oh my god
Or maybe they said
Oh my god
What's this fax here? Oh, look at that
Oh yeah, you're gonna love it
Oh look at that! I faxed this yesterday at the interview show so I'm not sure if you disregarded it or missed it but in the event you missed it
I just want you to let you know the biggest obstacle to Barack Obama winning the Democratic nomination isn't the women who want to blindly vote for a woman
Or the dumbasses who think voting for Hillary is like voting for Bill
Actually the biggest obstacle is something entirely different
I know all about that about this phony email thing and about Muslim but we talked about that a life
Ask Ramandra put it to a poll
I guarantee that's the predominant reason and I guarantee that's not it's because he's black
Not because people think he's a
You're deleted my space pal Frank
PS stopping a and add me back
No
See if I delete somebody under there's gonna be a really really good reason
Okay, really good reason just like that stupid ass David guy that I'm gonna with delete I think if he if he bugs me again
Oh no calls today that's good like I like I need a daily report card from him
Schmuck
Like I said I'm an old cute and old queen I don't take advice on how to live my life how to do the show it's here
It's free the price is right it's been here for a long time and if you like it great I'm gonna get static
If you hate it be you still want to listen that's great too
If you don't want to great just say I don't want to goodbye that's all very simple
One cop at the scene said it did not appear to be suicide but police were still investigating how do you know whether it's suicide
It says pills were strewn around the bed there was a bottle next to the actors body
That doesn't look like suicide to me does it?
You don't know
Emergency workers were able to revive the star he was pronounced dead at 335 yesterday afternoon
Bottles of the generic forms of Xanax and Valium were found in the house to quind the law enforcement sources
The sleeping drug ambien was also found here is body the maid said she last heard the star snoring around noon
He was snoring and snoring
We're investigating the possibility of overdose and we have heudy spokesman Paul Brown said there were pills within the vicinity of the bed
Another police source said it doesn't appear to be a suicide
Wow
Pills through all around and bottles around the body that doesn't sound like a suicide to me does it?
Maybe they just fell on the floor maybe when he plopped down he just fell on the floor
It could have been an accident and somebody got hurt
Yeah an accident and somebody got hurt
Michelle Vella a worker at the Clipso Kid story man hadn't said the actor loved to spoil Matilda
And would frequently pop in both of them tooting ice cream cones
He didn't talk to her like a baby he never rushed her Vella said
Wasn't that sweet and now he's dead
Pills too many pills baby
Should have happened to rush not to him
Should only happen to big fat ass rush in all of his psycho fans underlying the sick part
7.74 on that anxious horrible pole that we got up there about how long do you think before you're gonna croak
So George had a little trouble getting to work this morning
I wasn't the only one
At least two people were killed in the morning
Right
And a crash involving several vehicles and putting a semi trailer that turned the South by lanes of I-95 into a tanker with twisted metal
I-95
Do you remember I-95 before a Zeta?
Yes
I'm talking about Zeta
I was a little bit afraid of being a world
Keith Izzly with the PD that's right
Keith who used to sit and eat sushi he used to eat like a strange sushi stuff with eyes that were looking back at you
He was a strange guy
Anyway the 6am wreck near Hellendale Beach Boulevard shot all South by lanes
Rush hour traffic was being funneled off the highway of Pembroke Road
Florida's turned back in 441 where possible all of it
And poor George had to come down 441 and take the back roads this morning
Yeah that wasn't even good enough that wasn't moving
Well
Central to the crash was that Jack Knife truck had cut across all lanes of traffic and ended up facing west still upright
Investigators on the scene said a hit and run vehicle may have been involved
The fatalities were visible inside an e-sign pickup compressed beyond recognition
Crews tried to rescue the victims from the crash pickup with the jaws of life but too late
Seven emergency trucks from Broward 7 from Dayton 2 from Hellendale Beach responded
Crew sprayed the foam on the highway to French bill fuel from igniting the traffic nightmares expected to last some time
Well
Lot of bad news here to start it's enough to drive me to go right back to bed
You know what?
I think that's a good idea
Go back to bed. Here's some good news though
I wonder who that Frank was I deleted. I think I'm going to check my uh...
Did I block him or delete him I wonder who it is?
It's a jerk
Anybody that I block is somebody that sends a bunch of them
In fact maybe I should read the list of the people I blocked on there
Tell you why what kind of jerks Jack asses fools
Most of them are fakes anyway you know
That's kind of pointless getting upset about anybody on there because you know no real person is going to give you their real identity
And then be a jerk you know said maybe that David guy you're a jerk David get lost take a hike
We're streaming again. Oh yeah
Although we did have one dropout in Texas so far the Texas server
I wonder why we get that now remember that one day I think it was when you were on vacation remember Chris
Yep
We were having all kinds of server problems and uh... dropouts and the streaming wasn't working
And then all of a sudden it came back up there split the thing there about the uh... server in Texas and the server in California
I think Eric wants you to have more information
Yeah wants me to have a little more to talk about that's good more numbers on there we like the numbers okay
It's my way of mailing it in
Well we do that thing about Barack Obama's way ahead in South Carolina the newest poll
But then again do we trust the polls these days I don't know
We trust the Russians more than we used to but the polls I'm not so sure of like Void Gary
Twenty before eleven Joan Fleischmann wrote something about Hank on there about how he's on ESPN more and better be put a boop at a bop and there's something about the papiates and the giants
And it was pretty boring joiny but at least he mentioned Hank's name that's good unlike Barry Jackass who won't write about the ratings that just came out
You little simple the man you little puss
You little turd you're like a turd on the couch like a dog took a dump on the couch that's you Barry you simple the
You fairy god
I guarantee if the numbers would have been the other way around if the guys across the street if the stick into the ticket would have kicked our ass
There would have been a front page story in there all the ticket is blown away Q&A they're dominating the sports radio scene
Yeah, but because we kicked their nasty smelly going out of business ass very won't write a damn word you better get
With it very we're going to burn the herald building down with you in it
Sports father the dolphins are we we do not know what to do you can act like a sport hole
Oh
Get me that new coach named Tony soprano that's not this real name but it's so close you know and yeah
That's like make sure he doesn't walk out of there with a football in his hand
See we have a sense of humor
Only but sports related of course a buck wild baby hey welcome to the JJ
Jatcha show is time for the stats
Guys said it's time for the stats
Starting with a four four thousand now let's start with four thousand sounds like very good number
Four thousand US soldiers didn't I rack six hundred fifty thousand daddy raki's three point eight billion for Baghdad embassy
Hey, who cares about that?
A little bit through the sports stage looks like somebody played a joke not very funny
I keep your little minds numb for the single cell life forms in runs of play
Where's the heat stats?
They didn't play by my god. I'm in a little bit
Already games we can have a bag best about no I thought we had a
No football
Okay, let's fantasize then let's go to fall for some fantasy basketball shall we?
Let's see a production room down the hall hello
Hi, I am calling you as an artist
I don't see that with me sometimes
No, I would like to give you my cake
Well, that's good, that's good
I have a very good time
Oh yeah, that's my cake
I'm worth it
I did it is to have a
Oh, what's wrong?
It's a big square table
Yeah, well I'm sorry, son
It wasn't your big brain in this square table back how hang up this list?
Oh, good thing this is a square table might be the outgoing not your
Can we have a Sutra desk hello?
Oh, I can do curling with my beer
You can?
It looks like a whisk bro when they drop his desk you know something table
All I got to do is move my head like this
One of these
Oh, no man, not me
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Well, that could be your call
Well, I'm gonna take up and whip it
Hey, easier than that drug track will you?
I mean, I know it's just a bit of a thing you can hurt it down
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know
Hey, let's take professional here now 1047 at 560 WQ
If you like that stay tuned into you'll hear lots more of the same
790 Neon on your pool you're gonna get a thousand lectin
Let's do a fast and get that horrible pool off of there
How long do you think you're gonna live?
What a stupid ass pool Charlie B
I forgot to look during the break look up Frank and see who he was who I deleted
Yeah
Yeah
Do we want to hear just a little time out where he sent this but I'll say it again
Heath Ledger because that's all he's gonna be talking about
And Octopsie this morning on actor Heath Ledger was inconclusive
And the cause of that determination will take 10 to 14 days medical examiner's spokeswoman said
But I beat but I boot put about he was 28 and he still dead
Well, there you go
I'm sure that there are people out there probably women mostly who think
Oh, you're so insensitive you're such a hard-to-go
And I'm not insensitive I just didn't know him and I don't care
And think was all that much of a big deal about him
Oh, but he was so handsome no he was not
I would say if to give you an honest opinion
And the only thing I've ever saw him and was broke ass mounting
Okay
No, he saw him in most of his ball he was in it briefly in the beginning
Oh, he was my forgot
Remember that?
I'm in the sun he shot himself
Well good good thinking
I would give him like a little he was a little bit better than average looking
So I'm a scale of 10 I give him a six
Okay
Now he would have been like a nine or a ten and I'd say
Oh my god, he's ledger is dead
Yeah, because that's the way we all are
You know, we got a lot emotional about people that we don't know
But who are celebrities and who look really hot
You know like if Britney, several years ago, would have taken pills
First of all, she would have done us a big favor number one
Yeah
And number two a lot of guys were like, oh my god, not Britney
He's Britney alone
Let's see, oh no conservative radio tough show host Leroy Slymba
Has got a new sweet heart and cheese nearly half his age
Nothing wrong with that
Limbaugh who turned 57 January 12th told page two in the Palm Beach Post
He's been dating West Palm Beach resident Catherine Rogers for the past six months
No relation to
Damn god
Driver's license record show, she is 31, so what's wrong with that?
So much for being a recluse, Limbaugh said
Mocking news reports claiming he really leaves his Palm Beach
Compa, I thought he just got, he married what's her name from
I used to be on CNN
I guess that fell through, she got tired of his ass
No, and Darren Kagan?
Yeah, very good, Darren Kagan
Uh, charity golf tournament, but it was at the Floridian
Dolphins owner Wayne Heising his private course near Stewart
We stayed in touch since and started dating in the summer he said
But it's a bit bit of a bit about, then it goes, oh, why do I care about this?
About all this crap
Rush is dating, oh
Heavy duty news, he wasted two pages of my French paper with that, shame on us
803 on your pull, Chris, you're marching well on your way to that thousand easily today, so we can
Schmidt can that pull
Oh, we're gonna pull
Barack Obama holds a double digit lead on rival Hillary Clinton just three days before South Carolina's presidential primary
Aided by a huge edge among black voters
Like I told you the other day, and I'll say it again
This election, at least on the Democratic side, it's about race and gender and age
And on the Republican side, it's about who's the biggest hawk who wants to kill everybody
And who's the biggest, uh, Getzky, the biggest Bible thumping idiot
It's not about issues, it's not about the economy, it's not about the saving the world, it's not about global war
I mean, it's not about any of these things
It's not about education, it's about bigotry
Well, Beverly leads Clinton 43 to 25 points, 18 points
Let's hear it, Barack, nice going in the real rolling tracking pool
Which on it was a distant turret at 15%
That's the state he was born in, you know, they keep telling us that every five minutes
He was born there, and you know what they still don't want to do with him
More than half the Democratic primary voters in South Carolina expected to be black Obama
Leads among African-Americans 65 to 16 percent
Clinton Edwards are virtually tied among white voters with Clinton leading 33 to 32 percent
Clinton Edwards, while Obama's third among whites with only 18 percent
See, race has nothing to do with this
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Wikely black voters make up slightly more than half the pool sample
Obama is doing very well among African-Americans, but getting a decent share of the white vote
And a three-way race pollster, John Zogby, said 18 points
That's not decent the way I look at it, do you think?
He's getting 65 percent of the black vote, 18 percent of the white vote
That's a decent share of the white vote, that blows
So no
Oh, he's too dark for me
Obama and Clinton and New York Senator who would be the first woman to have engaged in increasingly contentious dual
For the Democrat, we know about that
In the one night of pool and conducted after the debate, Edwards appeared to have made some slight gains
The question is, who does Edwards help and hurt what impact does he has on?
He said, he said, the race in South Carolina still shows some fluidity
About unlike that body, you know
About 14 percent of voters in the state are undecided, about 20 percent of voters back in the candidate
They say that still change their mind
The economy was listed as the top issue among South Carolina voters by 49 percent
The war in Iraq, 24 percent, Obama led consistently among all, almost all subgroups including men
Women, liberals, conservatives, young voters, low income voters, high income voters, and union households
Clinton, oh here we go again, Clinton, AIDS, go, bam out among the oldest voters above age 70
Usually her greatest strength, Edwards led Obama among Republicans, well what we do, for us
They want to go out with a bad, I bet you're like a city estate, if you pull that hair it would come right off bad, bad herpes
Just like Mitt Romney, same thing, bad herpes
In a rolling poll, the most recent days we've also added to the oldest days, it's kind of like the trends, you know
The trends in Arbitron, you know what that is, very Arbitron, the ratings, the radio ratings
When are we going to read about them in a Miami-Herole, which is supposedly a newspaper, a newspaper that prints news
Information that publishes stuff that people have a right to know and want to know
When are you going to put it in there, Barry, or you sitting down with Joe Feinberg, still trying to figure out how to put the spin on it
Spin your dreidel, Barry or Jack as you're an idiot
And as far as the sun settles concerned, they don't have anybody that writes about radio
Once in a while, Jackie gets inspired, you know, not very often
And of course since this station blew out the Humper, his close personal friend, he's probably still pretty
And since Joe had a tantrum on the phone
I'm not really big on people that have tantrums, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I have to contend with those here every time
Yeah, I contend with really from here, I'm not a teenager
I don't have a teenager
Yeah
With a job
What are you trying to say?
Well the job, it loves me
Doesn't pretend it's at all happy to see me all the time
Yeah, I appreciate everything I've done for her
Right
Bies me stuff with her own money
Right, and
What are you trying to say, I'm a schmuck?
Is that what you're trying to tell me after the 8 million time that I'm a person who's schmuck?
No, I was just bragging about my situation there
Oh good, at least in that case
No, you're not
Well that's good, I love your daughter, she's great
Yeah, she's a sweetheart
Mm-hmm
She's a sweet young lady and maybe a, and if I'm not wrong, I don't have to tell you
But I'd be real careful about who she winds up with
She, uh, she's got good taste
That's right, we better move a bit about, and like that, that's good
It's got strong character, doesn't let anybody push her around
Good
That's the way to go
I wish I could be like that
On me too
China has shut down 44,000 websites and arrested 868 people for unhealthy internet pornography last year
China's public unhealthy internet pornography is opposed to healthy internet pornography, of course
China's public security ministry said pornography had perverted Chinese young minds
Let me tell you this, 400 Chinese here in Toronto, and you want to see some really horny bastards, man?
Oh brother, let me tell you right now
Mm-hmm
Remember what I told you about those like mixed half Chinese, half Canadian people?
No, which don't
Whoa
Ow
Nearly 2,000 people involved in internet pornography activities were also penis-hot penalized
The official Shinwai news agency said
China's online population is surred at 210 million people because of past the West this year to become the world's biggest
The official Chinese internet network news information center said earlier this month
The Chinese presence of the country's sprawling and net pose of threat to social stability
I guarantee you they can't read what we got on our website I guarantee you that
One of those sites shut down was selling real-time porn, 33 people arrested according to state media
The live site whose server was based in Taiwan, charged viewers to watch strip shows or other pornographic performances that were staged in China
The operations started up in the second half of 2006 and took more than a million one at 71,000 pounds, 150 grand in just three months
The site was said to have been the most widely visited pornographic site among those that were shut down as part of last year's cleanup
China's attempted to stifle online criticism of the ruling communist party and discussed related to sensitive topics such as
Tai Bet and Taiwan by ordering websites to register with authorities
14,000 websites fail to get official registration or to apply for official approval of 199,000 websites did
So there's a lot of hanky, panky and hocus-pocus but maybe the internet says what's going to save the Chinese you think?
Oh good!
There you go and it better because they got all of our money
832 votes on Chris's poll, let's get that thousand on real quick so we can you know, smith can this poll is bad
It's three-foot lead, some loads
He's ledges full dead by the way
This is the Neil Wander show
What solid?
This is your brain
Any questions?
Combined
Kelly Clarkson, Carrie Underwood and Chris Dottry and solar were 22 million records
But not all the American idol contestants have had it big
Here's what some of them are doing now
Ruben Stuttered
Welcome to Jack in the Box
I like to have a big audience with me
A big audience with a big audience
A big audience with a big audience with a big audience
Now man, Luthor Van Roast dead
This is Ruben Stuttered from American Idol
Ruben Stuttered, he's dead
Jessica Sierra
I used to work at hoodies and I get a lot of alcohol, vodka, and ragles
Hey Jessica, you got any weed?
No, leave me alone
That's called the purple monster
But I'm already out so never read hash
Hey Jessica, you got the cocaine
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
But fix, pose
So I haven't posed myself in front of the window
And I'm telling you
Can I be your booze, dude?
Yes, boo
Taylor Hicks
Hey, you got to get it right away
I can't get out of my driveway
Thanks for calling
Snow Patrol
Yeah, this is the number my wife gave me
And flowers on a driveway
Yeah, I tried Snow Patrol
We've got a team of experienced drivers to dig you out
Yeah, I don't know why you're singing to me
But if you could just get somebody over here
It'd really be appreciated
Catherine McVeigh
She got it
Thank you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You want another dance?
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You want to go in the champagne room?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Can we have sex with you there?
Sex with you, San Diego
Yeah, sex in the champagne room
Oh, my God, I was at American Idol
Oh, no, yeah, yeah
I was
Oh, no, you know
I was
Oh, yeah, I was
American Idol's back making some people's dreams come true
Tuesday and Wednesday nights on FOX
8-11-03 at 5-60 WK we're streaming again. Oh, yeah, that's big news and that big news. It's something
It's not looked on the my space to see if I could find if I had blocked someone named Frank
I didn't block anybody named Frank now. Maybe I deleted this profile
Right, you are unfriended him or something. Yeah, I could have done that because I'm and I'm looking at the people I blocked
This is all right. You know how many I've got 48 and you know who one of them is
Doran oh really oh, yes, he reached out to you. Did he oh?
Yes, didn't try to be my friend
Well good. I know he's blocked
On his on his profile. It's his nice guy looking for a nice lady
Uh-huh. Yeah, all new ladies out there. Be sure and hook up with the Ron. He's one of the chronics
He thinks I
Rod calling guys on the radio is gonna get a check what that's not how you get chicks calling guys on the radio
Call some chick on the radio. He's calls right and talk to us. That's how I know chicks here buddy. Oh
What about Lucy Lopez?
I don't think that I spoke before no, she's not into that. She's not into crazy people. Well, I'm a weird tired. No
832 is what you got in your pool. It's just sitting there. It's stuck there
I think Eric put the break on you don't want me to change it. Come on Eric. Let's go
836 there we go. He finally took his foot off the break see what happens when he takes his foot off it
Believed something would happen to someone so talented and
I mean he out they she can't believe that something like this would happen to somebody so talented in other words
If he was a mediocre actor in her estimate then maybe he might have like cropped in early age, you know
I mean I can't believe something like this would happen to somebody so talented right
That's not worse. How about all those James Dean group? He's how it was here. What about the what's his name?
Brandon and the wilder what about him dead? Yeah
Who would look to hell of a lot better and had to hell of a lot more talent than Heath Ledger? You're in damn T of that but nevertheless
In fact, I take it back they just showed him schmousin around with some card. I take a point back five
There's just an average yeah a five maybe a five and a half just a guy, you know
Like you just a guy not ugly not good looking just a guy just you know men's a man's yeah, I'll take it right that exactly
I would take it nothing wrong with looking like average
But all this history about him and why because of the fact he was in the movies and on television
That's why like you always say that's right. Oh, he was
They're faced on anything other than their head
Their hot and they want them it could be a milk. It could you want it poster?
I'll tell you right now Jake Hillinhall's a hell of a better looking than he is and he ain't much anymore
And either he used to be but he ain't much
He's got that age thing catching up to me. I mean age you age catches up to you baby
836 votes considering your family and I will read it don't interrupt me
I said you know once an hour is good enough for this and then
Considering your family
And the state of your health how long you honestly think you'll live. This is Charlie Bees idea this pull not mine
It's not as good as what your favorite sandwich filling is or
I actually some of these pulls you know, I mean he's loose. Yes, you should he has lost it
Would you ever donate one of your kidneys?
Who's your favorite Brady and then he's got all the people from the Abraedi bunch plus Tom Brady and Brady Quinn
You know, I mean oh Charlie. I know it's not easy
Into my 80s 150 into my 70s 240 into my 90s 100 into my 60s 74 well. I made that
I should have died already 59 100 or beyond 48 sure wishful thinking
I might go any day now 41 into my 50s 26 people with low self-esteem or people just having a like
Bad crap in a family when they got some like diseases and stuff, you know, maybe they got some issues
Maybe they just don't bathe regular stuff like that. I don't know
I see our friend Sean sent me a couple of polls here the first one oh
The dumbest cultural tradition
Are you looking at this? I didn't read it. No the first one is dowry as an injure
And then the second one is you T T E E or SATI sati look it up. I never heard it
No way no if we're gonna do a pull where I have to look something up. I don't think that sounds like work
Dangerously close to work. I mean if I have to look it up
Then how we expect the average muck's out there gonna know what that's all about although I guess if people are into that then they would know and but yeah
It's not easy baby. It's not easy. I say let's uh get rid of the pool. Let's take that pool again
Let's uh dump the smith candle pull. No, they like the pool
Pulled is very well. Also no calls do very well. Let's take some causes. So what do you say? No just a joke
That's when you should hit that buzzer like
Like that
I'll tell you how you made me an apologies that guy Bob from Coral Springs that really it just uh it rubbed me the wrong way
I have a tough enough time getting rubbed the right way, but that rubbed me the wrong way. That
That's the fact that they oh yeah
That crap all about the bridge tender
All the time in other words he's blaming me for not being able to make these idiots in like funny calls or something like that
Look how can you do that? I know it used to be panning for gold
You know you'd have to go through a lot of calls to get a nugget like that in these days they ain't no chance
They're ain't no gold right that's right. This mine quarter slot guy quarter slot guy
What are they doing? You need a little
Hey
Ringo star is known for it being the amiable beetle. It says here. I think he's crap myself
Oh remember that facts. I got it speaking of nasty factions a few months ago
You don't even like ringo star or Frank Sinatra and you were so negative remember that one another fake another phone
He probably from Joe Bell
Ringo star is known for being the amiable beetle but the rockster showed his tough side yesterday when he walked off the set of
Live with Regis and Kelly rather than cut short one of his songs
Star who's promoting his new album Liverpool 8
Planned to perform the title song with fellow rocker Dave Stewart
However
Due to miscommunication between his publicist Edith for me and the musical director
Started to realize the performance had to be two and a half minutes or less for him told the AP
When told Tuesday morning the performance had to be shortened
For instance star tried to cut about a minute of the songs for a minute 15 second length out of three and three thirty
Three minutes and about 30 man
However coined to for him producer Michael Gellman said it had to be less than three minutes
Gellman now you know who Gellman is on a read just show he's been with him for a hundred years
He got married not that long ago and if there's anybody that ever impressed me is being really
Swinger was always him but it just goes to show you don't stereotype right. He's no rock Hudson, you know or Raymond Burr
We offered to cut back our chat time and asked them to fade or go to commercial
They were not willing to do that Ringo was not willing to cut it further
So without a compromise we weren't able to stay for instance in the same of the AP Ringo left saying God bless and goodbye. We still love Regis
A
Spokeswoman for Regis and Kelly told the AP the shows producers tried to work with star noting his appearance
Have been booked since November and the time requirement for the song the show is standard have been expressed numerous times
With star apps and fashion designer Michael Corson the winners of CBS's the amazing race did extra segments to fill his time
Star 67 shortened his song for CBS's Lature with David Letterman, but it was still over three minutes for him said wow
You walked off the set of Regis and Kelly I think more people are do that just get up and walk out and spit at the somebody you know
spit at Galman
Would be good say what tell you go. What's your talent?
You're fair. Yeah, like that
847 on the pool, but I'm reading Jones it to get to a thousand
So we get the other one on there now. Do you want to know which other one I got for tomorrow? Yeah
It's another Charlie B pool, but if the of that but she sent the other day
It's only when it's like even decent. I'm not saying it's great
Which of these most popular US metropolitan areas in excluding South Florida would you least want to live in?
You think that's okay. That's okay
Considering what we've been getting the Dallas for worth Philadelphia Houston DC Atlanta Detroit Boston San Francisco
Plenty of New York Seattle which one of those would you least want to live in outside of South Florida?
I think food South Florida on there. That's my votes all you know. I'll take care of
Families of firefighters killed in the 9-11 terror attacks on the World Trade Center
Routed in Orlando yesterday in anticipation of the state's upcoming Republican primary
Unfortunately for presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani the firefighters are not in his corner
We want America to know that the Giuliani campaign is lying to America and the American public said Jim Riches
A deputy chief in the New York Fire Department telling all of Florida that the New York City Fire Department backs him when that's another lie
Firefighters and their families vowed to dog the former New York mayor at all of his Florida campaign stumps because the state figures
prominently in his big state campaign strategy
The protesters think Giuliani was aware that firefighters are respond to the World Trade Center attack
We're carrying defective radios and didn't hear the order to evacuate. He didn't prepare us before during the raptors as Riches
Giuliani's campaign strongly on his performance and leadership during the attacks on the earth
Cleaning his best suited to prevent an Islamic terror war against us
But the firefighters were quick to question that courage yet the decision he made was which direction he was gonna run says
Which is he ran north? That's all he did he ran
He ran like a coward on 11 it says the Giuliani campaign libel to display a misleading partisan attack
The former mayor is also emphasizing his ability to deal with the economy distancing himself from 9-11 pitch because like Joe Biden said
Every speech he makes every sentence. He says 9-11 an ounce of urban. That's it
Mr. Big Hero
And they're gonna make him look like the fool that he really is and more power to them
You're done Ruby your pinnacle
So I'm the vegan
No, I'm the vegan
No, five sixty QAM
Me
Fourth
Later
I dropped my wiener
Most detective agency if somebody's dead and you pull the trigger Mo will help but the fee will be bigger
For him and Mo
A joe bell here
We're having a problem with the chronic crank callers
You don't say
And what do you want me to do about it?
We need you to find them
My fees about $30 a day plus expenses
What do you want me to do after I find them?
You eliminate them of course
I get about it
That's what I say
Somebody on WRC
And uh, uh, uh, said you will rubber check someday
You got yourself a boy
No, privately check up
Starring Mo
As in
Mo
Then privately check
The
Following in my account for the chronic call of matter
I called in the best to me I know
He may be stupid at it
But I know he was the biggest yet to end down
He crept into my office like a republican loaded with tabbububoo
Sad at the end of my desk and crossed his short panted legs like a bubble dancer with a slow leak
You really ought to buy some chairs for this place
Now see here, local head
I need you help to get me the bites I lose down
I'm this chronic calling capacity
Now what are you gonna do for me?
Huh?
I don't think I can remember
Will this help you memory?
Ooh
A shak bubble head down
Wee
Now spill it
She will
The guy you're after is there
Keep it going
Just what I need
Another dead body of my work is beside my own
But it just so happened you left the clue
Squibble-doth up
Thuck up with Scoopin' Scoop-Doth
I wrote the address now
I ran out of that like an ant in a bakery
I may not know what that means
But I found the place
What if I'd with blazed donuts
I faced life crazy
The door was open
I let myself in
I'm able to
Hi
He looked nervous as I saw it some other way with that
I know he noticed them
That you making them calls
Oh yes that's me
Do you like it?
Oh
Don't you think they're funny?
No, not they're all
Never
Can't you say I'm leaving behind the legacy
I'm going to be famous I tell you
Then I gave them a kiss of the hundreds of my hot moist fists
Should've told you I'm a bit of a slimy
Not a so brave face
He's going
That's you
I'll let you back
I'm going to back
I'm going to check it
It's here and after this one
Go ahead
Go go go go go go
Okay 1120 at 560 W
I knew he had to be doing something these days
Now he's still on 850 that station
It's got no audience that's got a point
Oh
Well I don't know
Well he was undoing the dolphin setup stuff
But there are no more dolphin games for a long time
They don't have a wall of football over there I guess
Like we do
860 down on your full Chris you better
I'll put you up a little bit. Okay. Let's get out of
2000 give me I might just give it a bit now
I don't know what you think about everybody
Let's get some fun. How about we get to 900 and then we change it
Yeah sure okay
It's just I don't know
Although you know footy I just checked on his thing during the break
He's still doing best pizza
He's got some place that's got 5% and that one it's been on
The whole time he's got 95% so I guess
I guess it's kind of a waste of time footy
Putsy
Kind of like your show. It's a waste of time baby
What a joke
Speaking of waste of time man colder
Appeared recently on Fox Hannity and Coems to defend the displaying of the confederate flag in South Carolina
But she appeared to be straining even harder than usual to make her point
This really isn't a liberal conservative thing tonight
It's a northern southern thing she insisted
Arguing about the churches that the confederate flag symbolizes slavery and racism
Are preposterous
That's right. That's like saying that the swastika
Represents anti-Semitism and that's preposterous
Right man you bitch you idiot you skank
When challenged to save what the confederate flag does represent
Quote declared the majority of military bases in this country are named after confederate officers
Eisenhower limits um the list of sublimers and militaries legion. That's what it stands for
Keith Obermann later turned into colder statement on his own program using his never
Worst person in the week
He pointed out that if even colder didn't actually mean to apply as now and limits were confederate officers
They were hardly typical southern is either both were born in Texas
But Eisenhower's family moved the Kansas before he was two while limits came from a pro-union anti-slaver community
And there were no bases named for either more than more than more than continued
And while there are bases named for generals bover guard and brag and hill and hoot and leaf from the confederacy
That's five. It's a long way from a majority of the hundreds of military bases in the country
So fact-wise coated it exceptionally well today
Obermann's own facts may not be entirely secure
According to one website there are ten forts in the west named for confederate officers
Who had served meritoriously in the union army proud proud of the civil war as well as three military camps
However, there's still a form of tiny minority of the total number of military bases in the US
It does appear at least 26 out of the total 43 military forts are located in areas that were once part of the confederacy
And it could possibly be the source of coders confusion
No, she's not confused. She just lies a lot
Short or confused it was only done 80 point aren't you excited? No aren't you thrilled?
It looks like it's making like not a comeback, but I don't know
It's making us something making a mess. Oh now it's down 84. I should have kept my mouth shut
874 on the pole once we get to the 100 where we're getting off of that thing. I hate it. It's standard
Speaking of things and people I can't stand George W. Bush
Maybe there are general managers
You have different views about our president because our general manager is brain-dead when nevertheless who cares about him
We're not programming the show for you jolly. Joe and Casey had noticed
Bush told hundreds of lines about Iraq
A study by two non-profit journalism organizations found that president of Bush and top administration officials issued hundreds of false statements about the national security threat from Iraq and the two years following the
9-11 terrorist attacks
The study concluded that the statements were part of an orchestrated campaign that effectively galvanized public opinion and in the process of the nation to work under
decidedly false pretenses
The study was posted yesterday on the website of the Center for Public Integrity which worked for the fun for independence and journalism
White House spokesman Scott Stanzel didn't comment on the merits of the study Tuesday night
But reiterated the administration's position that the World Community Raxlater sought a whistane as a threat
The actions taken in 2003 were based on the collective judgment of intelligence agencies around around the world Stanzel said right
The study counted 935 false statements in the two-year period
It found that in speeches, briefings, interviews and other venues Bush and administration officials stated on a perfectly unleased
532 occasions that Iraq had weapons and mass destruction or was trying to produce or obtain them or had laced to al-Qaeda or both
All of these things
It is now beyond this view that Iraq did not possess any weapons of mass destruction or have any meaningful ties to al-Qaeda
Coindochelles Lewis and Mark Wighting Smith a fun for independence and journalism staff members writing an overview of the study
In short, the Bush administration led the nation to warn the basis of her own use information and methodically propagated and have culminated in the military action against Iraq March 19
2003 shock and awe shocks awe shocks
Named in the study along with Bush were top officials of the administration during the period study Dick Cheney
Condoleezah
The Rami Rumsfeld, Hermann Göring Rumsfeld, Secretary of State Roland Kohl and Selaw Powell, Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz and White House Press Secretary
Every Fleischer and Scott McClellan
Bush led with 259 false statements 231 about weapons and mass destruction and 28 about Iraq's ties to al-Qaeda the study found
That was second only to pause 244 false statements about weapons and mass destruction and 10 about Iraq and al-Qaeda
The center said the study was based on a database created with public statements over the two years beginning
9-11 2001 information for more than 25 government reports books article speeches and interviews
The cumulative effect of these false statements amplified by thousands of new stories and broadcasts was massive with immediate
coverage creating almost
impenetrable din for several critical months in the run for the war the story said some journalists indeed even some internews organizations have since
acknowledged that the coverage during those pre-war months was far too differential and uncritical
These me a couple's notwithstanding much of the wall to wall media coverage provided additional
independent validation of the Bush administration's lies about Iraq it said liar liar your thing is on fire
What's the biggest name?
The best talent
You're his real rejects
4.560 QAM
The
Fourth
Leader
Be
All right
Then his hip-hoptoes filled the beans back went to gave it to her she said that they made in one's murder
Now she must die
The Bush they got together
We got a shutter up before it's out of hand
She left through by
When Bush go asked her to run
Against both showed with fully packed
I guess then that left her in the pool of blood
Then is the aboot
Goat
She sound the piety say
Our corporate iron curtain had to make her dead
Something has got to be done by this budo in
I guess then
We got to take her out before we're out of a boogie man
Let's go up a take up and light it
We got a
What a corporate news
Who's gonna go you'll be waiting
Who's got my bomb together
And he also had dealings with
Umar Sheikh the man who murdered
Usama bin Laden
Then his hip-hoptoed
The pack is daily
She got the Bush go where the end that made her dead
And the ship
Budo
The pack is daily
She got the Bush go where the died
And she's dead it's a
It's a 32 at 560 WQ
We got the jerk show coming up at two
Very professional make no mistake about that
Well it's down to be professional
What wasn't his fault that the board was on Gapashkid
No that was not
So I have a um well his fault that he does the stats from the heat came
That's unconsumable unacceptable
I got this email on my space from a guy named Henry
Hank
Not that Hank
Not him
And who has no profile he just I guess maybe put a stinger on her so we could communicate with me
And it me and Tom you know
Space Tom
It says Heath Ledger's death amidst lots of various pills drugstrew in about in the big facility
The body was not an apparent suicide the pills were merely a
Wide spread coincidence similar to when someone is caught in a continuing
ongoing pattern to be their criminal or sinful activity
They claim the accusations are just a wide spread coincidence kind of like those child musting priest I guess
Then he says ps
Winter the neal sounds on the web second to be updated with all the newer sounds
More of the oldie etc like
Like
But don't don't don't right which would take those sounds down and post something there because I
People keep bugging me about that
Should never have done it the first place
I don't even know what's on there
Sound effects from the ancient times it was uh I guess it was a good idea the only problem is most of that stuff is either copy written or people trying to sell it for money
Yeah and so
Who the hell is trying to sell that that's all low chicken egg
Right well, I mean the best see here's the thing you can't you can't be nice to
For a long time you put a few things on there for free that you can and then all all that it generated was
ongoing
But when you get to put this on there when you get to put that on there and then I have to answer back
We can't because that's not ours. We can't because that's not ours
We can't somebody's trying to sell that we can and I'm just I'm tired of doing that
That's like people home. Well come on you'll play the i95 song, you know
And
By the way, you also have those things about what Neil was reading now
Well, he was not reading anymore books
So I haven't updated that in what about a year two years. I don't know nobody reads books anyway
So it's just there. Okay, take it or leave it the price is right no charge
It's sweet
In fact speaking of uh pit things being copyrighted remember we got the suit at iod from this guy
Because we put this side
I was born in the famous and we put it on our best of Neil CD and they sued the station for it
They finally settle and pay him right now a couple of bucks. Whatever was
Remember that right of course what that was that guy's name August Campbell
August Campbell in the starlight them moonlight said the moment band spur the moment band very good
Wow, what a memory. I'm supposed to know these things
We're just supposed to know about Jake Gillinhall and the Heath Ledger too
They don't have to do this radio show necessarily
Zero buto then Suzanne plushet and now he's good
Why what are we gonna do now at all this death stuff? That's why we got to give her to this pole
Dog Thompson see that's the big joke that the Lord plays on us see
Oh the good Lord, you know, we're born. What a blessing. We end and of course. Oh, guess what you're all gonna die
Well, surprise how come the good Lord didn't make us like stupid man they make us all
Involvable to disease and uh bullets and by your own sand that would have been funny. Oh
Yeah, he's a sadist your god this guy that's invented by the Jews and then to go and picked up on it. He's a sadist
How much pain can he inflict?
Doug Thompson wants to know speaking of pain. Why is Bush still president good question, Dougie
They're gonna come and get you dog. I'm telling you right now. I'd be really really lean low under the windows
Because if you're sitting there at window levels, but I've been
A new study documents hundreds of false statements, which I just read by president Bush and his administration
Leading up to the Iraq war each carefully crafted lie was designed to bolster Bush's case for the invasion of Iraq
The news is not that bush line everybody with a functioning brain or as the president of the West is a serial liar
The news is not that someone managed to document hundreds of falsehoods used to justify any legal and immoral war
Lies when examined closely failed the smell test. Oh
Sadly the real news is that Bush continues to service president continues to lie at will and nobody in a position
Do anything about it will lift a finger to serve the needs of the USA
If we can tear ourselves away from the breathless news of the drug-induced death of another celebrity or the name calling of the
Presidential primary season we need to concentrate on the reality of americans continuing to die for a war based on hundreds if not thousands of lies
Breathless news of the drug-induced death of another celebrity. I can't imagine what he's talking about. Can you? No
George w. Bush is a murderer. He says
There is no diplomatic way to put it. He lied to fulfill his plans to invade erected any cost
He and his administration manufactured a mountain of lies about phony weapons of mass destruction a broke-ass mountain
Fantasy mobile chemical plants and an nonexistent link between southern musane and russamovian laden to launch the most expensive war in american history sending
Thousands of americans to their death and crippling the US economy
The abuse and continues to abuse the power of his office shred of the constitution and prove the illegal wiretaps and surveillance of americans
Sanction torture of prisoners authorize abuse of civil and individual rights and put together the most corrupt presidential administration of modern times yet
He is still president why why doesn't the collective power of congress democrat and republican rise up and rights as indignation
Why doesn't the house impeach this criminal incentive try to throw him in and his cabal out of office
Speaker of housing policy took impeachment off the table as soon as democrats took over control of congress in the
2006 midterm elections why whose palms got greased what deals were cut the people spoke and the democrats ignored the tide of political opinion why
The standard line of policies offices that the nation cannot in the time of war and during the trauma of presidential impeachment
So she and her fellow co-con spiriters leave american risk every day that bush stays in office
Bushes a liar. This is a proven fact Bush is a criminal. That's been established
Bush is a mass murderer when he sent americans to die in a war based on lies. He crossed that line as well
Congress under the democrats is failed to serve the world he merking people
Every day they allow George W. Worcester made an office is another day that the future of america remains in doubt
That's what dot compton says he says it well with a big big pair of smelly balls and that's old duggy for it
898 in a poll by the way maybe if i click it it'll be 900 we can get rid of it. Oh, I pray
I know too. All right
So after the break I can read to the final result of this all right this crappy uh, well, you know, we're running sure
On poll ideas man, it's just we've been on for 85,000 years
How long we've been doing the polls Eric told us that one day, but I forget
Yeah, I forget
Long time eight years
There are boots on trying to be honest when we were down on the second floor
They're the first month or two of qa before they finally put together that crappy studio
I mean I'm in studio the new Roger studio, which is horrible everybody in the building to play ball games
Um, when we were down there did we we didn't have this deal going on did we?
I think it started when we were down there it did yeah
But you know, I mean I could look back at the history and see what the deal was
Okay 902 now. Let's see which of these would you least the the new pool is up there
least like to live in oh Detroit. Oh, I've already tried that
No way Jose not for me. Whoo Detroit. You told me you never been in Detroit, right? That is correct. Don't I won't don't you don't want to go there
It is a
Festering sewer used to be a pretty exciting place back in the days of Motown
But I can remember driving on the Edselford Expressway in the John Lodge driving 90 miles an hour in the cops
It go by me going 100 speed them up with 70 you'd go 90 and they'd go zooming on by
Here's the final result of that horse ball pull that we took the first one 902 on the votes considering your family genetics
And the state of your health how long you honestly think you'll live into my 80s 272
Into my 70s 260 into my 90s 107 into my 60s 78. I made it. I
Should have died already 63
100 to be on 51. I might go any day now 44 into my 50s 27 with very little optimism is very little hole
The fourth leader
She gets her money my proof first to once and for a
willing to do anything
The establishment once
Republicans want a Indian because they're right with the gender she'll give the not proper staff
For the neocons
She'll be
She'll be
Pack up and go home
She'll be
Don't want to see you no more
Something her big cheek finds and cries about losing votes to that other guy in the zoo
You want
While the ring on without we need change when she's already
Cheer me
Swin me
For a friend
Cheer me
Swin me
We're playing to the run door
Good old swatherry man. She's the guy
Levin 4614 will noon a qm
We got the jerks come up into a clock
Who'll give you all the blowdown on the latest heat the adventures and misadventures
What about the panthers panthers won a game last night right there in the macarena did you go George?
No 34 votes on the new pool, which is up now. Which of these most popular US metropolitan areas excluding South Florida?
Of course would you least want to live in?
This I'm beginning to realize this is a um it's a it's a website at pole
Detroit 18. I mean nobody's gonna come close to detroit anybody who even knows anything about detroit much less his live there like I did
Is gonna say oh no no time look at that the down down 188. Oh and the s and p is down and the down down down
Down 193 the industrial average how do you like that and the fair value was rick riley's hairpiece
He should have had one
Maybe he had his hairpiece on to yeah, there's a picture of what's his name who died
He's like I give him a five five and a half five point six on a Richter scale
Oh, he was one of the most handsome and talented. Yeah, right. Okay. Whatever you say
Just not not as handsome or talented as Leo of course
34 votes detroit 18 new york five
I have a feeling that maybe from people who have encountered some rude new yorkers in South Florida and thinking that's what New York is all about
I don't know
Of course, Rudy Giuliani closed all the good stuff on time and scroll the pouring down
So you know when you make the city sterile like that
Right right like Disneyland on north
Who now wants to do that or Disney world and Disney North?
Rudy Giuliani my as hypocrite
Washington DC three Philadelphia two Dallas Fort Worth two and San Francisco open one Atlanta one Chicago one
LA one no votes for Seattle Phoenix Boston or Houston
And I can I can understand that who the hell wouldn't want to live in Boston
man
Even just for the food
Manja manja baby he choice got 22 votes and pull it away
Now if there probably gonna be some people thinking it's a racial thing. Well, I don't know there's a lot of
A lot of cities that have had large black population that are like at the bottom and let's see
Boston's got a lot of dark folks like in Roxbury, you know
I don't think it's just that. I think it's the nature of what the cities become like a gigantic enormous
festering slum like an outdoor sewer. That's detroit. It's unfortunate
Marine does got a comedy. Do you want to hear it or not? Yeah, I do or we could take some calls
Hey
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Doran he's a fine young man looking for a fine young lady
Okay, don't go anywhere near it
It's a walking talking disease
If Bill Clinton has to trash his legacy to protect his legacy so be it marine said the headline is two against one
If he has to put a dagger through the heart of hope to give hellery hope so be it if he has to preside in this state is the former first black
President stopping the would be for black president so be it
The Clintons are the two headed monsters the nearer post of the tag team that plot out wins in New Hampshire and Nevada
Always go where they need to go no matter the collateral damage even if the damages to themselves in their party
Bill's transition from elder states been leader of his party and bipartisan ambassador to ward healer and hatched man has been seamless and seeny
After Bill's success trolling the casinos on the Vegas strip
Hillary handed off South Carolina included California and other super Tuesday states the big dog relish playing the candidate again
wearing a technical or orange tie and sweeping across the state with the mute Chelsea
He tried to convey the impression that they were running against the man and with classic clintonian self-fitting
Grumble that Barack Obama had all the advantages
When he was asked yesterday if he'd feel bad standing in the way the first black president
He said no. I'm not standing in his way. He said I think Hillary would be a better president
Who's ready to do the job on the first day
He added no one has the right to be president including Hillary keep in mind in the last two primaries. We ran as an underdog
He rewrote the fact say that no one thought she could win in New Hampshire even though she originally had had a substantial lead
He said of Obama. I hope I get a chance to vote for him someday
And that day of course would be after Hillary's eight years at church or now because Bill Ozer
I think it would be just as much a change and some people think more to have a first woman president as dad the first African American
American president said
Bad billet and roughing up Obama so much that representative James Clyburn and South Carolina suggested they might want a chill
On a conference call will report as yesterday the former Senate Majority Leader Tom Dantle a national co-chairman of the Obama campaign
Tuck-tucked at the incredible distortions of the political beast. We're not keeping with the image of a former president
Jonathan Alter reported in Newsweek that Senator Ted Kennedy and Ran Emanuel the owner of Congressman and former Clinton
They have heatedly told bill they needs to change his tone and stop attacking Senator Obama
In the Murdle Beach debate Monday, and Edo Bama was fed up with being double-teamed by the Clintons
He finally used attack lines that distracted just and urged him to use against Hillary for months
It was as though all the emails were backed up said one
When Hillary tried once more to take Obama's remarks about Ronald Reagan out of context
Making it seem as though Obama had praised Reagan's policies. He turns sarcastic about getting two distortionists for the price of one
I can't tell who I'm running against sometimes he's not to Hillary obviously entrapped and psyched out by the Clinton duo
On a conference call would be ported yesterday morning
Obama didn't back off from his more aggressive if defensive stance
The Clintons he said spent the last month attacking me in ways that are not accurate at some point
It's important for me to answer
Recalling that Hillary had called mixing it up for the fun part of politics. He said I don't think it's the fun part to fudge the truth
In other words, the Clintons are fudge packing. I see
Bill has merged with his wife totally not talking about we and us
I never did anything major without discussing it without her retooled a crowd here
We've been having this conversation since we first met in 1971 and I don't think we'll stop now
He suggested this first lad that I can help sell the domestic program
It's odd that the first woman with a shot of becoming president is so openly dependent on her husband to drag her over the finish line
She handed over South Carolina to a knowing that her support here is largely derivative
After Greenville event Bill brought up Obama's joking reference to him in the debate about how Obama would have to see whether Bill was a good dancer
Before deciding whether he was the first black president
Bill naturally turned it into a competition
I'd be willing to engage in a dancing competition with him even though he's much younger and thinner than I am
He said if I'm going to get in with one of these brother contests yet at least I should be in temper when age allowance
He said I kind of like seeing Barack and Hillary fighting
How great is this he said neither of them has to be a little wind up doll who's supposed to be having a certain way
There are real people flesh and blood people. They have differences
And if he has anything to say about it any will they'll be fighting till the last dog dies
Says Maureen the queen all right and believe me as she's seen
much mean
Well, look at Detroit's kicking big serious nasty ass. Wow
Now maybe Detroit's made a big comeback and it's a lovely beautiful place. I don't think so
I told you seven years ago. You know that business about you can't go back. Well guess what you can't
Seven years ago on vacation. I decided I spent a few days in Detroit. You know, maybe go to a it was in the summertime
Go to a tiger gamer something going eaten some on my favorite restaurants all of which are gone by the okay
They're all gone. You know how that is you go back to somewhere. We loved the tin teaky indie troid and the
And then I can't remember all the other ones London chophouse. They're all gone. They're all closed down long since gone
And what's their gone? They're gone
And I was there for one evening and I drove around and I looked for those restaurants and I looked at what the city had
Was still was and I got on a plane the next day and went someplace else
I
Went far away. I couldn't get out of there fast enough
Detroit 3028 which
Metropolitan area you least want to live in
New York 9 Atlanta 4 Washington DC 4 LA 4 Philadelphia 3 Dallas 4 worth 3 Frisco open 2 Houston 2 Chicago 2 Phoenix 1
Seattle and Boston none
I never been in Seattle, but aren't you always tell me what a great place it is?
I've been there once and it was fine. Everybody tells me Seattle is great
You just gonna love Seattle. I
Never been there. It sits far
Very far. Yes, it is
In fact, maybe if I was gonna go to Seattle rather I'd go to Vancouver. I go to BC. Yeah, there you go
I know you'd rather probably go to Vancouver. You know it smoke a few big fat ones right out there in the street
Just like I've heard. Nobody pays any attention. You just have it a good time
You can the aroma is in the air you can sniff it. You can smell it. You can spoon from it
It's like when you go to woodbind the aroma's in the air. It's not that aroma though. It's
It's a different kind of aroma, but believe me it will put you in a coma. Wow
Smelly old people now. There's something we got to come up with a pool someday where we that'll be one of the choices
Smelly old people all right
I'm not talking about people who smell just because they have that hygiene or well, now that's part of it
Talking about people who smell just because it's part of their existence, you know what I mean?
Mm-hmm
Smelly old people probably some people think I'm a smelly old guy. Maybe some of the people are woodbind. Oh my god
There's that smelly old faggot again. I don't care
Just give me a good machine man. It's all I care about maybe I'll um venture out this afternoon at two o'clock for woodbind Wednesday the sun is shining
Yeah, the sun is shining. Let me take a look and see what the temperature is yesterday. It was like about 30
And today oh no, it's minus seven. Are you doing the extrapolation on that? Not good
So I quoted then I was yesterday and if it's windy again, it's gonna be really not so good. Mm-hmm
That's about like 20 20 degrees Fahrenheit plus 20
Right
Oh
Let's project in the democratic party
And the way you make the speech is made to drill soon
Like, do you do do do, got to do your duty
Keep doing things on the washroom
Till the end, bounce taking, kill him
We shake it and the way you kind of face
Got the public in the space
Oh, Bob, you be ill of me
Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob, the before
Give your booty, Bob, will you still be around
And no film is easy, give your little little more now
Oh, Bob, he's our candidate
Oh, Bob, get out of the boat
Let me level Bob, don't care his name
Stop, kid's my bowl's far-off
Oh, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob
Oh, that was a, that was just in case
What?
I had a CUDA
I had a, nature was calling
They're during the atlas break
Oh, I see
And it came at a very inoperative time
I made it just back in time
Because I had that Mickey and I yesterday, CUDA
Good, good
Oh, we want to hear it, no
So if it sounds like I'm at a little bit out of breath
I just gave racing back in
from just a few feet away.
But nevertheless, Santana from Appalada.
I love that.
I think today is the day that I just flip out right over the edge.
I don't know why.
No special reason.
Maybe just the aging process.
Because you know, he's speaking to everything is just fine as you are wine.
But I just had that joyous, you know, had to take care of joyous urgently.
And I sat here during the break and I'm thinking, how do I do this?
What do I do now?
Of course, I could have just, you see, if I had any brains which I don't, they're turned
to yellow.
I would have put a long bit on there in the beginning.
And you know me, I can handle that.
No problem at all.
But just a bomb of thing was long enough, a minute, 21.
Sportscaster Hank Goldberg, this is from the Joan Fleischmann column, which I said I
had seen.
But I better read it because otherwise Santana will be fuel upset.
The Humper who left WQM last month after refusing a new contract with a deep pay cut is increasing
his ESPN workload.
On Saturday, he'll do analysis for the telecast of Sunshine Millions of Gulf Stream.
On Sunday, the hammer heads to finish to do Super Bowl Recoverage daily TV features
plus an hour day show for ESPN radio.
He'll also appear on Sports Center on Super Bowl Sunday.
My annual attempt to pick the winner, he says.
Goldberg 67 amidst he's a giant span of 10 to the games as a kid while his father high
covered the team for the Newark evening news.
I'm not trying to let that cloud my judgment, he said.
Try not to let the cloud his judgment.
His prediction, I'll give you a hint, he says there's New England that wins games and
there's New England that doesn't want him to buy enough to satisfy the bettors.
I'm picking from Las Vegas where points matter, not who wins or loses.
So I think the spread was what, 14, Chris?
He's not here.
I think he both had the same idea during that flip away.
Oh, it's Joyce time.
Let us rejoice, baby.
I can play some sound effects.
So we're getting out of here.
Yeah.
Wow.
I feel like I want to go back in that room now and like the authorize it.
Get some, uh, blade air freshener, you know?
Some Fabriz.
No, not Fabriz between you is Fabriz.
I thought Fabriz had to do it like clothes or something.
They got it, they got Fabriz air freshener too.
Fabriz candles, I got one in here in the studio just in case.
I like candles.
Chris is in his, I'm always surprised that I'm going to like not put them out.
By the way, we're in the place now.
I might just have to go in there and rejoice again.
I think, you know something I think now this is a little, I don't know if it's gross or not,
but it's just, it's interesting in kind of a sick way, but you know me.
Uh-huh.
Sick.
Yeah, mentally and physically.
The fact that I went yesterday with the entire day without eating any garbage, any,
refined carbs in my blood sugar is a lot better day.
Generally when it's out of control for like a long time, it takes two days to get a
really back where I wanted to.
So today is like a stepping stone, but it's, you know, even tell the way I sound,
almost to me today, almost.
And I think maybe that's what's happening because I don't want to talk about yeast because
then people are like, oh gee, Neil's got a yeast infection in his, oh yeah, right.
And his womanhood.
But we're talking about, no, we're talking about yeast in your system, man.
Yeast infections are one of the problems that fat people deal with all the time from
high blood sugars and biobetics especially.
Yeast baby, yeast.
Oh, gross.
And so once you start to the de-easing process, your body gets rid of all sorts of, I'm
trying to think of a delicate word.
Yeah, that's the word.
I see.
And which is what exactly would happen there, man.
And Chris also is probably, he's detoxing right now.
No, I'm back.
Or you're back, it's through with your detox because that's what happened to me.
I had to make a mad Russian in the tea room there and do a quick, joys detox.
But that's part of that.
And that's another thing that God made for us is this, you know, all of this crap.
Could have been very easy.
We could have just burned off any excess, you know, instead of all these extracurricular
activities.
And of course the FCC couldn't have issued as many fines, though, see.
If we did an extracurricular activity, then nobody on the radio could talk about them.
They couldn't find you for saying crap or whatever, you know.
105 votes, the detox got almost half.
46.
I guess their chamber covers them, sure they must have one every city does.
Probably even Peña New York has got a chamber of commerce.
But the Detroit Chamber of Commerce won't be too happy with his polling.
You know what?
Hubman Drared.
Too bad.
Too freaking bad, man.
It's just not a place anymore.
After they burned the city half down in 67, here it is.
It's 41 years later.
41 years later.
Can I apart a little bit of wisdom?
Please.
It's not not that I'm smart because I'm not.
Shut up everybody, an old person is talking.
All right, you're ahead.
And that's exactly what it's all about.
Right.
And that is one thing you learn in life.
As the years, if you're lucky enough to make it like that poll we were taken earlier, lucky
enough to make it to be old.
And that is that you start thinking about things that happened earlier in your lifetime.
And it used to be, you know, it's like, oh, well, that happened 10 years ago and that
was like 20 years ago.
And I don't think about the riots in Detroit in 67.
And that's 41 years ago.
41 years ago, there are people like in like Chris there sitting there.
He's not even 41 years old.
Correct.
You don't know Detroit when it was a fun place.
It was, it was not so bad.
It was good.
Back in the days of Motown.
It's enough to make you want to play Motown till 2 o'clock.
Radio was great.
Caner 13, C-K-L-W.
C-K-L-W Motown sound.
W-X-Y-Z until Joey got on there and then he destroyed it.
He was there when it was devolving.
W-X-Y-Z would Lee Allen and Joel Sebastian was there before he went to C-K-L-W.
That was the day of personalities, man.
Maybe some personalities on South Florida radio right now, besides Futsi.
Right now?
Yeah, Jason Jackson.
I didn't tell you.
I'm not talking about on this station.
I'm talking about the music personalities besides your girl call.
They don't have those anymore.
There's no such thing.
No mole.
I mean, Ricky Tiki-Shall was about the last thing we had and he's gone.
He's been tired.
Ricky!
He did a smart thing.
Nice going, Rick.
I hope you're enjoying every minute of a man you deserve it.
You earned it.
And he's not an Aussie either.
At least not with a capital N. Steven Zoon.
Do I sound like I'm rambling now?
That was because I had a breathless moment there, man.
I went running and just racing.
I thought, well, what do I do?
I'll put the Mickey and Eisner thing there.
I'll stack it up in the DCS.
And then if I don't get back in time and I got back just as it was starting.
Did you notice that?
Yep.
Just as he was saying.
Sorry, I called you.
Like that.
That was great.
Chopped it right off.
Two bad people.
I was like, oh, he's going to play that Mickey Eisner and the penis thing again.
Well, I don't want to do that, you know, too much.
Too much of that penis thing.
Steven Zoon's on common dreams.org.
So Bama versus Clinton.
Oh, I love this.
Call of man.
It's good stuff.
Probably anti-heterary.
Right.
In determining which of the two leading Democratic candidates would make the most competent and credible commander in chief,
it's revealing to compare the public statements of US Senator Hillary Clinton and then Illinois State Senator Barack Obama
during October 2002 when Congress voted to authorize the US invasion of Iraq.
Former President Bill Clinton at a recent rally on behalf of his wife insisted that Senator Clinton and Senator Obama
had virtually identical records on the Iraq war and that Obama's claim that he had the judgment to oppose this war from the beginning
was the biggest furry tale I ever seen.
The record from that fateful month, fateful month, however, shows that there were indeed major differences between the two presidential contenders
with Senator Clinton supporting the Bush administration's push for war and its exaggerated claims about Iraq's alleged military prowess,
while Obama was opposing you with invasion of that oil-rich country and openly challenging the administrations exaggerating claims of Iraqi threat.
Though under no obligation as the state senator make any public statements on foreign policy,
Obama took the initiative to speak out against the prospects of war in an anti-war rally in Chicago.
Obama believed that Iraq may have enabled to develop chemical and biological weapons and he certainly carried no pretense about the nature of Sodom
Hussain's regime, referring to the later Iraqi dictatorist brutal and ruthless and acknowledging that the world and the Iraqi people would be better off without him.
At the same time though he recognized that Sodom posed no imminent and direct threat to the US or to his neighbors,
furthermore, Obama noted how he recognized that the Iraqi economies and shambles that the Iraqi military is a fraction of its former strength
and then in concert with the international community he can be contained.
That same month in Washington however Senator Clinton was insisting correctly that Iraq was trying to develop nuclear weapons and that Iraq's position of biological and chemical weapons was not in doubt and was undisputed.
Senator Clinton then went on record insisting that the risk that Sodom Hussain would employ those weapons to launch a surprise attack against the US was enough to justify action by the US to defend itself,
specifically by authorizing President Bush to launch an invasion of Iraq at the time and circumstances of his choosing.
Even though Obama was right in emphasizing that war was unnecessary and Clinton was wrong, this hasn't stopped the New York Senator from accusing him to this day of being soft and Sodom Hussain.
Despite Obama having called at that time for continued containment by the international community and the return of UN inspectors,
Clinton charging a national and televised interview on Meet the Press January 14 that his judgment was that at that time in 2002 we didn't need to make any efforts to deal with that threat.
In other words Clinton was trying to make the case that the ongoing international strategy of containment supported by Obama during the spirit, enforcing sanctions, maintaining the international forces of military deterrent and returning UN inspectors to Iraq was not the same as not making any efforts as was the same as not making any efforts essentially using the Bush administration argument that refusing to support an invasion of Iraq equal doing nothing.
Whether Iraq constituted a threat to US national security was not the only thing that separated Clinton and Obama back in October 2002, in the months leading up to the Senate vote, former State Department intelligence officials, European and Middle Eastern allies, scholars specializing in the region and others argued that the US invasion would likely result in a bloody insurgency, a rise in Islamist extremism and terrorism, increased sectarian ethnic conflict and related problems.
Despite this, Senator Clinton insisted that her voting to authorize the invasion was in the best interests of our nation. Meanwhile back in Chicago while Obama was observing how even a successful war against Iraq will require a US occupation of undetermined length and undetermined cost with undetermined consequences, he also recognized that an invasion of Iraq without a clear rash now and without strong international support will only fan the flames of the Middle East and encourage the worst rather than the best impulses of the Arab world and strengthen the recruitment of Armabalcina.
In summary on the most critical political question of the decade, a freshman state senator from Illinois was able to figure out what an experienced member of the US Senate Armed Services Committee could not.
That's not him who's saying was no longer a threat and that an invasion of Iraq would harm America's national security interests.
Over the next few weeks, Democratic voters will have an opportunity to decide which of these two leading candidates has the best judgment to lead this country during this next critical period, amen.
The next fourth leader, Roger Zahs, and now here's Jay Leno.
Thank you, praise me back. Hey, how about that Iowa caucus? Huh? Did you read about this? It's true. Did you hear what Hillary Clinton said? Yeah, me too. Hey, how about that Mitt Romney fella? Yeah.
There's a one on this campaign is going on George Bush is still the president. Yeah. Yeah. And how about all this crazy that's going on in Pakistan? Oh, that's scary. What?
Oh, how much time we got left? Really? Okay, then it's time for Jay walking. First I walk over here and I'll walk back over here. All righty, that was Jay walking.
No one. One, oh, it's time for headlines. Ladies and gentlemen, these are actual headlines from actual newspapers. We'll check this one up from the USA today's sports section. It says Patriots perfect. So congratulations to them, I guess. Hey, after the break, we'll be back with a very entertaining member. Funny guy. Mike Cuckabee. Mike Cuckabee, ladies and gentlemen, so stick around.
You know what they ought to do instead of this despirado a crap that to put not they ought to show a rerun that is just take them off the air. All these clowns and they are the old tonight show back when it was funny when Jack partly on and Steve Allen long before Carson, by the way.
Long before Carson, I'm sure they have the old Kinescope or whatever, right? I'm saying it makes your bigger numbers. But nevertheless, I mean, what an al the wine. I know I mean, I thought that Katie Kirk was going to be a flop on CBS. Oh, she was.
What do you know? What the hell could I possibly know? I thought that rush would be on for about five minutes on those football broadcast. Oh, he was until he started doing his racist crap. Uh-huh.
Lost week got up to another volatile start today. I don't want to dwell on it because it's very depressing. We want to be uplifting and upbeat. That's why we read all the beat up from around the world. That's what we get here. We get beat up beat up by the beeslees and fat ass Jolly Joe. That's all right.
The checks keep coming. Keepin' comin' Joe. Got a long way to go. I'm sure. 151 point the Dow is down. Oh, boy. That means probably the S&P is way down too. If they flip that thing up there on top. Flip your lid, will you? S&P is down 22. The Nasdax down on the 60 point. Wow. Holy crap, rat man. That's what I just did a little while ago. It was holy.
Smelt unholy, but it was holy. I mean, unsettled about the possible. All the way. During the break, I went in there and checked in the room. The wallpaper hasn't peeled off the window.
It's a good sign. Investors remained unsettled about the possibility of a recession with the three main stock indexes lingering in red a day after the Federal Reserve surprised investors and stemmed a sell-off within aggressive unscathed, well, interest rate cut.
I think there was a subtle message involved in that cut. After diving nearly 250 points in the opening minutes, the Dow came back to nearly even in the first hour, then fell back again.
Well, I just got through telling you what it was. So I don't need to read these technology stocks took a harder hit after Motorola and Apple and out disappointing earnings forecast.
Sending the tech heavy Nasdax composite down 1.6%. It's down, baby. The decline on Wall Street came after another state. And that's the only reason I regret. Well, he wouldn't call it anyway. You know that jackass. Oh, yes and P guy. The S&P is up there. Yeah. Up your butt. That's where the S&P is.
The S stands for shoe and I'll let you guess what the P stands for. Okay. Up your back. The declines on Wall Street came after another steep sell-off in European stock markets, which were disappointed after the European Central Bank Damper and investors hopes that the bank would follow the Fed's lead and coming interest rates. He said, Nist from here or something like that. I don't know what he said. How you like that? So you here comes the bunny and there goes your money. I still think you got to go to the dog track with Chris would be fun.
Let's do the way things are going. We might wind up doing a remote there or something. Why not? That would be great. Although this is not the thing of these pern mutuals that really like Pompano Park, which I only had as a sponsor for like 31 years.
They're not promoting the racing anymore. They're promoting the because they're not promoting anything. Any of them. Really? Do we have any spots from already gone? We did have for a while, I think. Not for Pompano and Gulf Wall Gulf Stream. You know that because you were out there. Yeah, we have Gulf Stream Park. Now next time what? I say we have Gulf Stream Park. That's it.
Yeah, I'm not Marty Grah. Certainly not Pompano Park. Well, that's because they've turned on me. It's probably Wally Hennessey's doing no doubt about that.
Hey Wally, how's it going? Congratulations on number 7000 again. Okay, you ain't no Brad Kramer. I'll tell you that.
Who's your favorite harness racing driver of all time? Oh, yeah, let's change that one to this. Let's change this to that right now.
We'll do one day. We'll do who's your favorite? Who's your favorite? There's Matt Sundin. It doesn't really matter who's the ball. We have to know what matchup. We got to win. I want to do. We got to win some hockey games. Come on speaking. Who's your favorite arena football player? Favorite arena football player? There you go. That's not bad. Your favorite borrower of all time. Eddie Koalichs or Dick Weber. Oh, yeah, Don Carter. Don Carter was like everybody knows Don Carter lanes. I bet you you bolder. Don Carter lanes indeed. I have. See there. I beg your pardon?
He's a nice guy. Is he alive? As of you about a year and a half ago, he was. You met Don Carter. I used to bowl in a league with him. You bold in a league with the Don Carter with the Don Carter. The left hander with that strange, you like shoveled the ball down the lane. Actually, he wasn't bowling, but he was always there because his wife was in the zone. Don't give me this crap. You bold would. I forgot though. Look, he's always there with his name. He's actually the station man. You're like in a dream. I'm
not. He bold next to Don Carter. He bold in the same. Yeah, that's what I'm. But very nice. I speak to him. Yeah, very nice guy. He would always, you know, because hit the team that his wife was on was like, you know, usually one of the top two teams, top three teams. The team that I was on was a top five or 16. And we always got along really well. So we're like the two youngest teams. So. So you hadn't been on the show long enough to know that. Bold and three leagues when I was in Kalamazoo. I was good. Boer. Had to be only bold in one. What made how did I do? I did good. I average like one, six.
He said that's not too bad for a guy like me. Did you have a hook? No, I did. I have a hook was old left hand or baby. Don Carter. Let me see if we can catering halls, bowling rooms. Where's the, wouldn't you think there'd be something on here? You average 157. 167. Oh, okay. I was going to say I don't feel because I was in the 150's. I average 150 something. I forget what. But I thought I sucked. I've owed a few 200 games like two 12 to 10. You know, like that. That's 100 once twice.
What do you mean that's all? That's all better than I could do. What's all does that mean? That's all. I guess this is really good. I was pretty good. My supposed to come on and say, Oh, I had 10 300 games. I had 10 perfect games. I guess I'm kind of a bowling suit intellectual a whole. What? That's like giving you hard time. He's still alive. He was born in 1926. That means he's 81. Maybe 82. I don't even say what date. No one is Mr. Bowling. Don Carter was an early professional star and
tell us promoter the sport of bowling. Was your favorite board? That's a good pool favorite harness driver. How about the satch
Warner for all the Jews? What about Tommy Wynn for the Detroit people? What about Joe Mars Jr.? Who was your favorite? Who was the
bushes of them all? Well, actually, there he don't look so bad. He'd let you're gonna give him about a six. Not, not, not a tenth of a number more. He ain't
nothing. No big deal. He's dead now. He's still dead. By the way, he'd let you, if you were sleeping in late, if you missed
all the breathtaking news. Heath Ledger is dead. There were bottles of pills all over the place and sleeping pills and stuff
up pain killers. Things like that. And they say it's probably not a suicide though. Just a coincidence that there
all these bottles of pills strewn all over the floor near the bed and he was like, faced down on the floor and naked as a
jaybird. What was he doing naked? I wonder. Not much, I guess. He was in bed in a bed room. Was he in bed in a
bedroom? No, he was naked on the floor when they found him. I see. Is that what the story said? I forgot. I'm not gonna have to go back and
look at that again because I don't have to. Quite frankly, I'm really burned out a little bit on the Heath Ledger is dead story. You
know, I mean, he's dead. He's dead. He's not coming back. How do you know? That's right. And how come when Ann and Nicole was in her
kid cropped? Oh, at least her kid looked pretty good, especially earlier on. So he got real schmutz. He looking
after doing all them drugs. You see one thing about families that do drugs as a family? Yeah, they kind of like
wind up dead as a family. I just thought I should end and passing in. The family does drugs together, dies together. And if you
want to die in a really good place to die, Detroit 63 people say 63 out of 100 and some we just put this on there,
145 42.7% say they'd rather croak than live in Detroit. I don't blame you.
Thank you.
Oh
Rosie all down home
Can't believe she's gay
Love big fella but double you and me yeah
Rosie all down home
It must be a roof
For all of these years you claim to love town of crews
Certainly you must realize we knew it
Honestly it's not that baby shock
If you and Ricky Markman were to do it
Boy
And be a croc
That's what we're doing
Rosie all down home
Gave up all the lies
Now I hope never lane had made me like sky
Pro 31 at 560 WQM happy Wednesday to January 20th
Third man
Thank no week from yesterday we got the Florida primary aren't y'all whipped up about that none of us are voting in it
Just you know well what's the point
Yeah
I'm not saying that for the audience you all get y'all get out and vote now you hear y'all get out y'all
I can't stand people let's say y'all
You y'all y'all come back now you hear oh I just just it gives me the willy's man gives me the
Creeps my skin crawls
So I called my terrorist can driver I'm going to wood mine at two o'clock I could drive out there but you never know I might want to come back during rush hour and I don't want to drive in rush hour
Although I have you know oh you afraid to drive now Neil
Yeah I'm afraid to drive and I'm afraid to run Paul too and I'm afraid Ron Pauling would allow to you a fool stinky is either
Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul joined the Tuesday Washington DC protest of the Supreme Court decision that paved the way for legal abortions in the US
He's just another fee to sucker
The anti-war and pro-liberty candidate showed that pro-life positions were also a central part of his political agenda and addressed before the 2008 March for life
The Constitution protects all life Paul declared that the rally is shown in a video posted at the website you cheep
Unless we resolve this tremendous moral dilemma just think today a baby woman and before life deserves protection and woman and after like we still pretend it's called murder
As thousands marched in Washington the candidate also picked up an endorsement from Norma McCorvey also known as Jane Roe from the Roe versus Wade decision
I support Ron Paul for president because we share the same goal that of overturning Roe he weighed McCorvey's send the statement
He's never wavered on the issue of being pro-life and has a voting record to prove it
The endorsement picked up mixed reactions from Paul support as many of whom have been drawn to the candidate because of his positions against the Iraq war and in favor of civil liberties
What's so great about this endorsement? She's an F-dup person wrote a commentator at Ron Paul forums. She's F-dup
But other Paul supporters embraced the endorsement head on we hope this brings a lot of votes from the pro-life movement wrote another participant at the same website
He's a fee to sucker not a crazy person but no chance
Oh, but he says a lot of the things. Yeah, it reminds me it's like Bill Maher all over again
So a lot of things you agree with and he still a puts and a and a schmuck and I can't stand Bill Maher in a net worth
If you look up nebish and or tour his picture is opposite both of those words okay
Turred look up a little turd there's Bill Maher
If you drive with a if you drive you drive with Osama whatever the hell he was writing
Remember that book right if you're driving you're driving with Osama
As if Osama is the one that's got all these gas prices jack way up there but those Osama got to do with that
Osama's got to do with the trillion dollars we'd pee down the toilet in Iraq which had nothing to do with the Osama or oil prices
Oh, thank you mr. President for those low gas prices right
Let's see how the market's doing right now
You know something I enjoy not taking those calls
The Dowage down 209 I enjoy you not taking this call
And Chris and joy not screening him and the S&P is down 29 S&P is down schmuck for that schmuck all out there
Oh, Neil, it's the S&P guy the S&P is up you're as man you're an idiot
Here comes the buddy and there goes your money hopefully lots of it sir
I don't want anybody else out there to lose any money but in your case I'll make an exception
You and that schmendrick they that was them maybe David has gone away now
I didn't see any message from him on there thank God maybe he got the message or maybe just not listening
Maybe the fact we weren't streaming the first hour chased him away whatever it was maybe that was an act of God
Oh God
John Kerry spoke out against the swift voting of Barack Obama yesterday
He sure as hell I love what it should have done a better job against speaking out against his swift voting
But of course he's a melee mouth you know
Urging people to confront disgusting lies that continue to percolate about the Illinois Senator
As someone who cares about winning the selection and changing the country I love
I know it's not enough to complain about a past we can't change when our challenge is to win the future
So Kerry and a strongly worded email to three million supporters of his 2004 presidential campaign
We must stop the swift voting stop the push polling stop the front groups and stop the email chain smears he continued
Alluding away false and bigoted email that continues to circulate about Obama as the nation's Chris Hayes first detailed in October
The Clinton campaign removed volunteers who were caught forwarding the email and Clinton served at Bob Kerry recently apologized to Obama
After repeatedly making related remarks that gave the smears more air time all that Muslim crap
Kerry directed his supporters to stand up for a new kind of politics by visiting a new feature on Obama's website
Then enables people to beat back the smears
The request could also help the Obama campaign harvest tens of thousands of valuable emails from activists and donors involved in the last general election
The unusual plea comes amidst the series of dirty attacks against Obama
This week in South Carolina CNN before the misleading push polls were bashing Obama and promoting Hillary Clinton
Last week a phone call was recorded in Nevada the stressed Obama's middle name Hussein
Attacked it that some operatives have used to appeal to bigoted sentiment and falsely suggest that Obama is a Muslim
Barack Hussein Obama
Obama's a Christian is his campaign is reminding visitors and a you video released yesterday
While the email doesn't mention any other candidates and coincides with Obama's new strategy of directly confronting distortions by both Clinton's
A growing number of Democrats have been speaking out against Bill Clinton's recent remarks which Obama's supporter Senator Dick Durbin
Like in the SWIP voting while more reporters are scrutinizing the former president's claims
Yesterday ABC News Jake Tapper reported that Bill Clinton had been spreading demonstrably false information
While Chicago Tribune comments Eric Zorin provided a rare conclusion for the political press
He said Bill and Hillary Clinton have lied brazenly about Obama's recent statements about Ronald Reagan
The SWIP voting shows no signs of debating but Obama's betting that many of John Kerry supporters learned from those states of 2004
Now there's stolen election in Ohio, but you know don't confuse us with that what's that got to do with what's his name that just quote?
Heath Ledger
Right? Right
And broke ass mounting
Not anymore
You got to watch it again now that he died you got to watch it again
What differences make whether he's dead or alive?
I mean Basil Rathor, he died for that movie he died to put that on my brain
He died for you like Jesus
Because that's right
Maybe Al Pacino will die for doing that movie cruising he ought to
Talk about ugly stereotypes, about grotesque and unacceptable
And by the way the moral of the story is all you got to do is you know if you hang out in the scene a little bit you'll grow to like it
The net the moral of the story
I guess so that's the immoral of the story
Yeah
I've seen it I've seen it I've seen a few things in my time
Yeah I already called my lesbianies a terrorist cab driver and I said pick me up a tube and we'll head off to it by it
I'm gonna win I'm gonna win the crackpot jackpot I think I'll play the one with the seven million jackpot where they call it it's I don't know
Whatever they call it you got no chance
It's like playing the lottery but at least there's an upside you know what I mean?
Yeah
Well if you're gonna lose your money you might as well you might as well lose it having a chance to make something big
Even though your even though the odds are tremendously stacked against you
Mega mega bucks that's what it's called mega bucks and played by schmucks with no luck
170 on the pole about which metropolitan area would you least like to live in they have to drag you kicking in screaming
Detroit 80 New York 30 those between those two is like 65% almost
But you want to live in New York too many people man if I had the money and
And too expensive yeah
Well somebody finally some smart ass finally voted for Boston it's got one
What the hell why would you not want to live in Boston even though the weather says but why wouldn't you want to live there?
Detroit 80 New York 30 Houston 12 Dallas 4 were probably too many canceling
They're pretty soon Boston that's part of that problem you know I let me or maybe it's some right wing jackass you know
The two liberal air which they're really not you know that's really one of the most bizarre places
All the blue ones they've had there and all the clear the a strip clubs and all the other
Top of that everything is abandoned boss to but in the meantime all the liberals like the Kennedys are there who the hell knows they can't finger it out
Maybe the priest has something to do with that
Detroit 80 New York 30 Houston 12 Dallas 4 work 9 LA 9 Philadelphia 7 Frisco Oakland 6 Atlanta 6 Washington DC 6
Phoenix 3 Chicago 3 Seattle 2 and Boston finally had one out of 174 vote
So if you want to look at the best cities you go from the bottom on up like Boston Seattle Chicago
Phoenix what what's the big Simmons was Phoenix besides they got the Super Bowl huh well why not what anybody want to go there?
I don't know
Maybe they like to cactus is because any places a lot of cactus is there's a lot of you like to drive
The best city in New York is New York
It's 4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
Oh
My Annie has the dolphin still the worst football team the way they played this season
Everybody scream it seems to me that losing as always been their goal and every game they play and should be called the Super Bowl
And there the Miami Dolphin Miami Dolphin Miami Dolphin's number how many teams in the week that it to Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's if you're their fandall single blues
The dolphins had Sam Cameron and one thing that I learned he had the fans all wishing that Nick statement would return
If you think he's a winner then you have lost your mind the next thing he'll be coaching is beyond employment wine and there the Miami Dolphin
Miami Dolphin's Miami Dolphin's number how many teams in the week that it to Miami Dolphin's
Miami Dolphin's there's something you spray off your shoes
The dolphins have John Beck or rookie quarterback if you think he's the answer you must be smoking crack
You know they could have gotten someone good like Brady Quinn the way they waste their drafts
It's nothing for us in the fair by any dog by any dog by any dog by any dog
And number how many teams in the week by any dog by any dog
The dolphins have a clue
The dolphins are boring when they're on the radio and everyone was put to sleep by Jimmy Sephora
When he is calling play by play it's the same old dude and just so mandish had a job on Sunday afternoons and there's a lie
Miami Dolphin's Miami Dolphin's number how many teams in the week are there
I'm pretty too Miami Dolphin's Miami Dolphin's I hear the fans begin the snooze
I sing the Oats of dolphins he's hired Bill Parsel's and I don't have to tell you the way that tuna smells
They say he'll solve their problems I wish him lots of luck no matter what he tries to do
The two will always suck them there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number what the hell 32
Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins now they're through
Okay 13 to 1 at 560 WDQ and the size shining man the birds had dropped in big loads in my patty
What's not to like right right?
I blood sugar was not all that bad still got away to go but it's a lot better was yesterday at this time wow
How did I do that show yesterday? I don't know
Easy you know you don't understand I've been better confer your sake I hope you never are but when you have high blood sugar man you have no energy
It's like just sex your strength yeah when you have diabetes I'm at it and you just you just have no energy do anything
Tens of thousands of Palestinians though have energy on foot and on docky carts they poured into Egypt from Gaza today
After mast gunmen used landmines to blast down a seven mile barrier dividing the border town of Rafa
The border breach was a dramatic protest against the closure of the impoverished Palestinian territory imposed last week by Israel
Oi! Jubilee men and women crossed unhindered by border controls over toppled the toppled corrugated metal along sections of the barrier carrying goats, chickens and crates of Coca-Cola
All right!
All right!
They were carrying goats, chickens and crates of Coca-Cola
Or what would you take?
Some brought back TVs, car tires and cigarettes, one man even brought bottom motorcycle, vendor sold soft drinks and baked goods to the crowds
I sure hope that it was all halal
They were stocking up on goods made scarce by the Israeli blockade and within hours shops on the Egyptian side of Rafa had run out of stock
The border friends had divided the Rafa into two halves, one on the Egyptian side, one on southern Gaza
Ibrahim Abu Taha, 45, a Palestinian father of seven, was in the Egyptian section of Rafa with his two brothers and 185 bucks in his pocket
We want to buy food, we want to buy rice and sugar, milk and wheat and some cheese he said adding that he would also buy cheap Egyptian cigarettes, faggots
Abu Taha said he could get the basic foods in Gaza but three times the cost
Police from the... I just got to tell you this, and I'll get back to this
Yeah
There is nothing... well I mean there are things more insulting but generally speaking this happened to me a couple days ago
There are a lot of homeless people here, I've told you that before and especially in the winter time it's really depressing
But the ones that really bug me are the panhandlers, you know, Sparrison change, Mr. Sparrion
Of course!
There is nothing worse than having some guy puffing on a faggot asking you for change
Right
How much of a cost for a pack of cigarettes here?
$100, $10
I guess you could always say he bummed the cigarette off some other deadbie, you know, or he found a butt on the ground, you're like that
But it'd be a lie, because if he gave him change, you know, two things that they want to buy is a bottle and the cigarettes
Am I right?
Yep
Police from the militant Islamic group Hamas which controls Gaza directed the traffic
Egyptian border guards took no action imposing no border controls for those who crossed
Freedom is good, we need no border after today, set on employee 29 year old Muhammad Abu Ghazal
Egyptian President Mubarak, who is a real serious crook, told reporters in Cairo his border guards originally had forced the gossens back on Tuesday
But today a great number of them came back because the Palestinians and gossars are starving due to the Israeli siege he said
No starvation has been reported in Gaza, but many of the 1.5 million residents have faced critical shortages of electricity if you were not as supplies over the months
Because Gaza has been virtually sealed since Hamasies control the territory by force in June
I told them to let them come in and eat and buy food and then return them later as long as they were not turning weapons Mubarak said
Egypt is largely a kept its border with Gaza close and Hamas take over made concerns of a spill over Hamas style militancy in the Egypt
But the government's under public pressure at home to help the improverage gossens
Well good, they've been taken back donkeys and cigarettes and goats and Coca-Cola
Yeah, all right, faggots and coke baby, what more could you want?
Well, I could think something
I know something
Donkeys, ass
That's 103 votes on the poll
Oh, there's that the Shmenei
Before, swipe on after you
The only American gladiators
Oh my god, what's the world come to?
Well, it's not any different than it ever has been before
We just have more technology than they used to like thousands of years ago
That's basically all
Different different style of dress, more technology, other than that it's still the same crap
Still the same fairy tales and the same hate and the same killing and the same bloodshed
We're just better at it, the killing that is
Oh yeah, we just have so many more good weapons now
203 votes on the poll, I'm just going to give you the top three
Which of these most popular US metropolitan areas outside of South Florida would you at least want to live in?
At least Detroit 91, well they're in a class by themselves
Thank god
New York 35, Houston 13, LA 12
Boston's still only got one vote out of more than 200 votes
And Chris wants to apologize for that earlier really crappy poll about how long do you think you're going to live?
I don't know, was it just me or was that really a horrible poll?
Ah, whatever
Was it just me or was that a really bad poll Charlie B?
Bad
Not as bad as your favorite sandwich filling
And would you ever donate one of your kidneys?
I bet you the only six I'm making that up
Would you ever donate one of your kidneys? I mean what kind of a poll is that?
That's even worse than almost as bad as us Tutsi there
Well, by the way, Futsi Tutsi ain't selling the two from one deals anymore on his website
Dave Lamont is doing it now Mr. Morning News Guy
And he's got stuff from like three weeks ago
And Stu Gotts has got like 91 from last week from last Thursday out of 100
He's got 91 left
So we'll see how our thing goes tomorrow
But that's when you start with 100 and a week later you got 91 left, what does that mean?
I don't know
You don't have no audience or you've got a really crappy place you're filling or both
We did the one about the passport, right?
I mean that was pretty desperate. I'm going to go back and we're going to start going back through the history
I'm really shocked that Eric didn't give you a date
Right now? No, I ain't paying any attention. He got a written in there
You're not paying any attention to Eric?
To the little chat box
Why are you using your thing against fat people again? Is that it?
That's it
We'll take a look at his chat box
Let's see, oh, look up to their purpose
98, 303
Oh sure, he then cupped his ears if trying to hear
Look at that, Clinton was asleep, he was sitting there
Look at that, oh my god
Bill has a dream, he nods off during MLK award presentation
Did you show him sleep in there behind us?
What are that?
He's asleep?
Yeah, I thought I got there
Isn't he old like you though?
Not right, he's showing this video
We all nod off
When you're the president then say the Pope is speaking a few feet away
That was suspiciously
A Pope is sleeping in the room
He's a no-dance for some reason
It's adorable when a dog naps
Oh my god, that was great
There's your two brilliant presidents, man
Baba and Reagan
Oh, there's Bobby Bird, of course he's not an ex-old
He's campaigning for his wife
Wake up, no napping during this segment
Yeah, thank god, how do you like that?
Oh, there's the bush-myster
I wonder if they're going to show him nodding off as if it would make a different
Oh, there's Chany sleeping
Working a collaborative fashion
Processing meditation
Oh, I'm kidding, you spoke
Did you see that while you were watching it?
Yep, Chany nodding off, I love it
The future of the world hinges on in the hands of these lunatics, man
And they're like, you know, like that
Mm-hmm
Wake them up when they want to begs of money, start rolling in, okay?
Wake them up, that's when to do it
Where the party starts?
Like a wire, during a state of the union address, a bunch of politicians seem to be snoozing
Turns out they were following the text of the president's speech in their laps
A book called The Art of Napping, which Bill Clinton is a legendary napper
Clinton has talked about chronic sleep deprivation among members of Congress who commute
I do believe sleep deprivation has a lot to do with some of the edginess of Washington today
Yeah, look at that, he isn't a coma, he's almost falling off the chair, that would have been sweet
Nice going, Bubba
You're the biggest name, you're the best talent, you know, his new project
It's 4.256.QAM
And the fourth leader
It's the one to two hour
Down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down, down
Starks are fading, even though I'm not so heavy trading To hit the pavement I'm into some fading Come and jump with me
Markets crashing, my life is lashes Before my very eyes Starks on a bumpest, then I'm jumpin'
Oh, bear the coffin, just like that
Now I'm standing 50 floors above where I'll be landed
Oh, why for family I will be stranded Come and jump with me
I'm standing over here, you caught me
Thank you Mr. President for that worthless American dollar
And a wonderful gas price and all of these, all of the gas that I got
The Dow is down 252, the NASDAQ is down 75 and a half point
I'm getting choked up about it, and the S&P is down 31 and a half
I'm sure I'll get a free pass, right?
Right?
Oh, guess what? Prescription drugs found in the room including sleeping pills
He'd let you're still dead
And look at that, look at all the flowers outside of his apartment building
Just read one of these notes and this is from an Australian, with an Australian
Australian flag and it does say it's a sad day when someone so talented and so young
dies way before their time, heath, you will be sadly missed
Many of the notes, very similar to that one
So really, this has touched so many people here
And here's one of the way, yes, this is all I can say is you fair
Yeah, by the way, me!
Anyways, 103 at 560 WKM, let's get back to the important stuff
Okay, through our agenda, to our homosexual agenda
Right? Right
Detroit's got over 100 votes, 107 out of 230 vote
Wow, these people don't like Detroit
And you know what, they're right
Only 11 of our military died in Iraq the past week, question mark
Break out the Champagne says Joan Lyle
That's less than some of the weeks before the surge
Obviously then, that means that our government and our pundits are saying that the surge is working
Therefore, let's throw another lot of GIs into Iraq
Maybe that way, even less of our precious young people once will die
Perhaps in a year or two we'll reduce the death rate down to fear for a week
But wait, here's a novel idea, what would happen if we would do all of our troops
Amazingly, none of our kids would die in Iraq, is anybody in Washington done the math?
It seems quite elementary to us, Granny's
Joan Wile, who wrote this by the way
Is author of Grand Mothers Against the War, getting off our fancies, standing up to peace
To be published by Citadel, press this April
She says, what about Iraqi casualties, which were told have been reduced to a satisfactory number
Just today, it's reported that 80 people were killed in many more wounded and battles in Basra and Nasinia
On January 19th, that certainly is progress, especially when you added to the aid killed by a suicide bombing
January 16th, and at least 10 in a mosque bombing, January 17th
The New York City Group Grand Mothers Against the War decided to try to counteract the lie that the surge is working
And that is a consequence, the U.S. voters will no longer put the Iraq War on top of their agenda
We decided to do something to impress upon the public that the occupation is still the most vital issue facing us
From which all the rest of our urgent problems flow
Healthcare, education, poverty and housing dilemmas can't be solved as long as we're pouring money down the Iraq drain
But beyond that, we still have the imperative responsibility to save our troops
By getting them out of a place they have no business being in the first place, and where they can solve nothing
And so tragically evidenced by this week's Iraqi death toll
On the occasion of the fourth anniversary of our Grand Mothers Against the War,
Weekly, Vigil, and Rockefeller Center, January 16th, we grandiose held a mock funeral procession through the streets of Midtown, Manhattan
Startling passively with our large numbers and the drama of our parade
Approximately 70 grandiose and supporters walked slowly and silently in single file
Some of them carrying open black umbrellas, New Orleans style, some carrying giant black balloons and scrapped in white with the words,
Troops out now, and some carrying placards and banners
The procession was led by four Grand Mothers carrying two life-sized cardboard coffins, one draped in the American flag and one in a black shroud
One granny beat a drum every few seconds adding in measurably to the solemnity of the event, the trooper marchers was backed up by a color guard consisting of veterans for peace, who regularly participate in our Weekly Vigil and Rockefeller Center
The group marched from the Times Square Recording Station where 18 of us grandmothers calling ourselves the granny peace brigade were arrested and sent to jail in October 2005
When we tried to enlist in the military to the side of the Rockefeller Center Vigil on Fifth Avenue between 49th and 50th streets
There we tried for an hour, we read for an hour the names of a racking, West-Ed and Iraq punctuated by a meditation bell phone after each person's name, age and date of death was announced
When the names were read, one of the women read a poem sent to the granny's by Yoko Ono who couldn't join them on this occasion but who always strongly supports their actions
Then as the St. Patrick's Church bell told at 5.30pm the group observed a moment of silence before concluding the commemorative ceremony
Only a small dent probably in the Magiable Public Mind which is altruously manipulated by those who continue the occupation of Iraq for their inexplicable but undoubtedly heinous reasons and those who have vetted them by not taking action we vote as mandated them to take in the last congressional action
But we, Granny's keep on keeping on in our mission to bring the troops home now and we won't stop until the last soldier or marine is out of Iraq
America, please listen to your granny she says
Alright, now I was down 232 what a bargain man it made a little a hair of a comeback a little twisted curly hair
Twisted kind of like rotini you know?
Okay
Like that there he goes with that pasta again
I think during this break I'm going to go make some more bacon
Okay
A rashure?
Now what what really does that mean? I know we've been looking at it before I was like oh what's a rashure of bacon like a portion but it might mean it is specific
What is a portion?
Like when you go out and you buy the microwave bacon it comes like in the little plastic sacks and then seal pack sacks
And you open up the pack and you grab your sack and and it is like in portions you know like to the dictionary definition is
Yes
And there's two you ready?
A thin slice of fried or broiled bacon and the second one is a dish or an order of thin slices of fried or broiled bacon
I see
So you got to take the rashure thank you
You don't even have to say bacon you can just say hey yo give me a rashure
Give me a rash here
Right here
I got your rash
Yeah
Give me a rash on my back
Right
Two right
Two hundred forty five hold on the pool oh look at this large financial stocks trading higher on aim list upgrade
Wow look at that she's nodding her head oh yeah it's wonderful it's great
The eye of economic development
Keep your eye on it okay that's what Sammy Davis said look what it did for him he still did
Boy they're gonna be all watching broadcast mounting now man am I right?
Yeah
You're gonna come back it'll be all the TV every TV network will have it on all the cable channels every single one
Musharraf said Pakistan isn't honey Osama
Pervert Musharraf says he still gets the question lot when will Osama bin Laden is troop as top deputy be caught
Will of Ola Omar
The Pakistani president insists it's more important for his hundred thousand troops on the Afghan border to root out the Taliban
Then search for our title leaders
That bin Laden I'm in the Pymon Al Zawarri are still at large doesn't mean much the former general said Tuesday
On the second day of a swing through Europe
He suggested there far less a threat to his regime than Taliban linked militants and trenched in Pakistan's west
The in Laden and Osama are believed to be hiding somewhere in the lawless traveler is along Afghanistan's frontier with Pakistan
The hundred thousand troops they were using are not going around to try to locate Osama bin Laden's war
And the Zawarri frankly Musharraf said they had a conference of the French Institute for International Relations
They're operating against terrorists in the process where we get them will deal with them certainly
In other words, if we find them fine if not big deal
A U.S. ally and its war on extremist groups Musharrafs come under increasing pressure following the assassination of opposition leader Benazir Bhutto last month
And for his brief declaration of emergency rule in early November
Musharraf, who has commander of Pakistan's military seized power in a bloodless coup in 1999
Said the remnants of Afghanistan's former Taliban regime and its Pakistani sympathizers are the more serious issue for both countries
And by the way, speaking of 1999, Robert Creeper ain't here no more, wow
Probably don't want to take a 90% pick on
You think that might have been part of it?
I'm sure, I mean I'm thinking of what happened to take some really heavy duty a measure to give his ass out the door
He's been there since before Yuskhi was a baby
Anyway, when Musharraf said it was zero chance that Elk hide of the Taliban and their Pakistani allies could defeat his 500,000 strong army or the Islamic militants could win control of the government in the February-teeth parliamentary elections
He is a crook, a thief, a stooge, and there we go, and that's one of our buddy stooges though, see? He's one of the three stooges
250 vote, over that
Well done, Miss Big Showdown, the lot
Here's the John Edwards with Letterman talking about his hair and you know isn't that the important crap? Who's got the best hair?
Right, what else?
Who's got the best haircut, baby? Who's got the most expensive haircut? Who's got the real piece? That's where our little Dennis Kusinnis is sucking windman
That's why he couldn't get arrested in a panty raid
Although you say he's got a really hot wife?
Incredibly smoking final
Maybe he's got one of those ladders
Or something else we don't know about
Like my old friend, the little Bobby Savage, always suspected there might be something there that's the best name to your best talent
You know his real projects, 4.2560 QAM
I think 4th leader, your gay
The most talked about the film of the year is now the musical event of the year, the broke back mountain soundtrack
His reign in man
Hallelujah, his reign in man
Hey man
And the songs you love from the movie you're afraid to admit you love
Oh, no, no, I will survive
As long as I know how to live
I know I'll stay alive
Strap on your leather chaps and yell, write him cowboy
The broke back mountain soundtrack
It's on to stay at the YMCA
It's on to stay at the YMCA
They have never anything for young men to enjoy
You can hang out with all the boys
Okay, LeBor, Sam's goodies
Okay, one six-lead at five six years and that really bugs the crap on me
On my space, people will send you a comment
I think Chris right there sent me one last weekend was the same thing
Okay, and you go to read it so you can either approve it or decline it
Mm-hmm. Just got the quotation marks there
Yeah, that sometimes it doesn't work
Right, that tells you that it didn't work
Sometimes it was the quotes are there and they're in blue
There's something that I haven't clicked on and the link will work
Right, whatever the article is
I just got another one of those
And I got a message here that is just going to
I took me about 30 seconds
Yeah
About 30
But he's psyched for what it meant
This is from Sean, the Felix, the cat guy that sends me all those stories
Most of them
Those are the pre-stories
But it's an interesting stuff
And he writes M3
A-I-M
Oh, Trees
I get it
Yeah, and I'm thinking about stuff
What does that mean?
And I'm thinking he means A injury
And then he's suggesting for the pool
Which of these large metropolitan areas
Would you lease like the A-Tree is a large metropolitan area?
Oh my God, Sean
Wow
That sure was special, I'll say that
Also a fax from Larry who was a little behind the times
Remember on Monday morning, George wasn't there because it was a holiday
Remember Chris, we covered all they did before from the weekend
And one of them was Alvin Melvin
But obviously Larry wasn't listening
It was a holiday
Did you know that Alan Melvin died?
He was 85
No
You know who that is?
No
And you bick with his character actor
A corporate, a corporal hench on the classic
Fifty-Sit-Count-The-Fill-Sover Show
Later portrayed Archie Bunker's neighbor and friend Barney on all in the family
Now you know who he is with at B-Doopie-Nose?
Yes
Melvin was the original Broadway cast
As Stella XII in the early 50s during his 50 year career
He made guest appearances on numerous TV shows including
Playing different roles on the least eight episodes of the Antigriffin Show
He also played Sergeant Charlie Hacker on Gomer's Piles
And butchers Sam Franklin, Alice the Huskiefer's boyfriend on the Brady Blanche
He did voiceover working cartoons
And it paired many TV commercials he's out of cancer and bred wood on January 17th
He's dead
Yeah, I did read it on the ear
But thank you anyway Larry
It's worth saying again
He was Barney on all in the family
Alright
Alright, well we need all right he's dead
What?
Think of you calls this out
Not
Every time I say that I just chuckle
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
Hallelujah. It says, Arabia is the land of illusion and desert Mirage, and as he jetted last week from kingdom to sheikdom to be regaled with feast and falcons, jewels and ornamental swords,
George Bush might have imagined what it was that always well with his presidency. See, I'm rushing because it's too long. I'll get it on.
Tell me not to rush. Don't rush. But this is the longest and most ambitious trip to the Middle East.
Well, surely be remembered if it's remembered at all, is a gaudy irrelevant footnote to a presidency that is long since failed.
Today is a somber milestone, marking the start of the last of Mr. Bush's eight years in the White House.
This being a leap year, exactly 366 days remain until January 20th of 2009, when a successful besuant into warface.
It's a time when incumbents look to their legacies, and for this present, the view could scarcely be bleaker.
As he the worst present US history, Mr. Bush faces stiff competition from Alexa James Buchanan, who watches America slip towards civil war,
or war in hearting with his corrupt administration, or Herbert Hoover who failed to halt the slide into the Great Depression,
or more recently Richard Nixon, the only present to be forced to resign. But in terms of dog with his men, competence, ignorance and divisiveness,
Mr. Bush surely compares with any of the above. His first albeit far from most important bequest is seemingly inevitable to feed for his own party in November,
ending almost 30 years of Republican dominance since Ronald Reagan took power. As David Frum, a one-time Bush speech writer, put it the other day,
I feel the Republicans are heading to an epicol defeat, 1980 in reverse. Every game we've made since then has been wiped out since 2002.
Then it should be noted that's a Republican speaking, but from severance is overwhelming from the presence consistently a business approval rating,
that the 70% of the population who believe the country is on the wrong track, a level not seen in two decades, and that before all but certain recession began to bite,
for the 51% of Americans who identified themselves as Democrats. By contrast, just 36% of Americans call themselves Republicans the widest such margin in two decades.
Even on the Republican's signature issue of national security, Democrats are at level pegging.
All other things being equal, it is hard to see them losing in November. In politics, of course, all things are not equal.
The chances of Bush ordering strikes on Iran may have receded after last month's report by the U.S. Intelligence Committee that Tyran halted its nuclear weapons program in 2003,
but some other foreign calamity, a lethal domestic terrorist attack, or even a scandal could reshuffle the electoral cards.
Look at the result of the primary in South Carolina. The Republicans will, with a very shot effect, raise John McCain, the veteran Arizona Senator in candidate with January appeal to independent and sent with voters.
He has a chance precisely because he doesn't come across as a standard issue Republican, but if elected, he'll have to say about cleansing a political version of the Aegean Stables. What's all is that?
Nile?
Well, he said the Brit, you know, and mentioned about the Aegean Sea?
Oh, Aegean.
In Greek mythology, Hercules watched a way that messed by rebrowing the Berber's alfias and penis.
Whoever takes the oath of office next January, 20th will face a similar task in repairing America, both in the home and in the eyes of the world.
By almost every yardstick the countries in a worse state than seven years ago, a state virtually unimaginable when the new century dawned.
Mr. Bush can't be blamed for some of the difficulties on illegal immigration among the biggest conservative voters, the reforms he proposed offering illegal path to citizenship or resensible, a last by 2007 he was too weak to push it through.
Much the same goes for the economy.
The president said the first claim responsibility for the good times, but in fact have little power to influence events.
The recession in Nile loans isn't as fall if anyone's responsible, it's the once lionized former Federal Reserve Chairman, Alan Greenspan, and the central banks over-likes policies in the aftermath of 9-11.
The accelerating downturn also proves how contrary to assertions the business cycle hasn't been abolished by the wisdom of high-tech economic-econometics.
That said the Bush air relieves its own nasty odor. Corporate cronyism has been rife, globalization and custody of my ideology have turned the wealth gap between rich Americans and the rest from an embarrassment into an obscenity since 2001 the real income of ordinary Americans is stagnated.
And the mind-boggling loss is suffered by such pillars of the financial establishment as Merrill Lynch and Citibank, followed by humiliating foreign bailouts, suggests something is fundamentally amiss with capitalism American style.
Like Enron and WorldCom, these colossal financial shipwrecks will be forever associated with Bush's tenure.
A cartoon last week in the Washington Post caught the mood of laissez-faire drift.
Anything interesting happened while I was gone as the voice from Air Force One as the president's plan flies over Manhattan on the way back from the Middle East.
Below a giant sign dangles from the skyscraper's America's financial capital, USA now a whole-eons obsidian rear-form investors.
A even more immediate concern will be the surge in inequality that a front of America's inherent system of fairness, nor is this more evident than in health care.
As Mr. Bush has fiddled, the sickness of the existing system which leaves a sixth of the population without coverage while consuming a similar share of the country's entire GDP has become near-terminal.
Even more corrosive has been the damage inflicted on the US system of governance.
This president may have likely ignored mainstream science, pretended global warring wasn't happening and only belatedly grasped the disaster of Hurricane Katrina in one domestic activity however Bush has not terried.
That of perverting and undermining the Constitution and the name of expanding the president's power to fight this so-called war on terror.
To that end, what everyone else considers torture has been sanctioned, the basically legal right of habeas corpus has been denied to designated foreign fighters, eliciting of dropping on US citizens has been authorized, and fear-mongering has been turned into a political strategy.
Somehow the next president must restore American's faith in their own institutions.
In foreign affairs the story is the same.
Iraq invasion may not be the greatest foreign policy blunder in US history, but it's among the greatest, utterly discrediting the countries and television services, hugely straining relations with key allies, heading a massive strategic victory to Iran, and stretching the country's military close to a breaking point.
Be laterally the presidents learned the virtues of diplomacy, and his troop serves as at least succeeded in reducing the violence that Iraq.
Even so he's bequeathed and no end to limit to his successor, it's too late for victory, his successor has to decide how to withdraw US forces without plunging the region into chaos.
In the meantime, for many issues such as the Israeli Arab conflict have festered him in years of neglect, which this one trip to the region didn't expunge.
Suring Bush promises of a democratic Middle East now sound like a bad joke, as Washington again embraces the ruthless autocracies it knows.
US policy in Pakistan is in ruins, Osama is still at large, and the Taliban are resurgent in Afghanistan.
Not only is America lost confidence in itself, but a great tide of any Americanism washes across the Muslim world.
And that may be the greatest challenge of all facing President Obama, Clinton, and McCain, or Romney, America's Bush never tries to insisting must lead, but amessly by example not just by military force.
Guantanamo Bay-end
Abu-Ghar-Reb
Secret CIA camps water-burning, an extraordinary rendition of all combined to give the lie that the US is champion of human rights.
The new occupant of the Oval Office can but hope today's dislike for America is directed and a leader not a country, then may well be, but one thing is for sure, never again will the US occupy that extraordinary position of supremacy, military moral and economic, that it held in the interlude between the demise of communism and the attacks of 9-11-2001.
To the 44th President falls the task of explaining the truth to the country, as well as dealing with the concrete day-to-day problems left by George Bush, indeed one wonders why would anybody want the job?
Anybody want the job?
Yeah, sure, how much of the pet?
Not much. Not enough.
Lots of graft though, I'm sure.
That's what politics, most of it's all about.
Oh, I know the job only pays 100 grand a year, but 10 million year in graft and payoffs, stuff like that.
That's all it is.
All these things.
26 after 1 at 5, 60 WQM.
Doesn't she want short and jammed her brains in this cave?
Rather be at the salon, always new boyfriend and not.
Rather drink up by the love night, quill or scream and dart to fill.
Keep redeeming myself, Dad.
The kids are stuck with cake fed.
If she's in the cycle ward, how long they want to record?
She'll never have custody.
Or if she will never see.
This fact we get her overseas.
So God bless the dullest one.
She's a taking time off.
Poor Britney.
Yeah, it's 133 at 5, 60 WQM.
I think she is emblematic of everything that's wrong with the world.
Sure, world is full of crazy people.
Let that's the problem.
I just want to meet right now.
I don't want you to comment on that one.
Be full of crazy people.
That's the reason we don't take calls anymore.
There are too many crazy people out there.
I'm eating bacon.
And you know what?
This is better than the first batch.
I don't know why.
I did exactly the same way.
I'm in a 29 sec.
Maybe I'm hungry right now.
I don't know.
Maybe it's just a little bit.
It's not anywhere near as good as that Schneider stuff, but I can't find it.
I think maybe this weekend what I'll do is I'll hop into Pontiac and I'll like...
I'll go through rounds of all the 24 hour supermarkets in town.
All the ones within like 50 blocks of where I am.
I'll find that, damn Schneider.
And I'll buy like 600 boxes of it.
6000.
I'll tell you what I did buy it off.
A lot of it is still saving my cover.
Is that low-car pasta?
Yeah.
Didn't do it for me this time.
I'll tell you that.
Instead of satisfying my appetite for carbs, what it did is it stimulated my appetite for ice cream.
Those are the two things I'm positive I'm allergic to.
Pasta and ice cream.
Trouble, but especially ice cream.
Hey, believe me.
I believe you.
Now don't they have those, I don't know, those allergy tests where they stick it with the needles you know and they...
It's not like that.
I mean, I don't want to burst your bubble.
Use allergy as a figure of speech.
What do you mean by that?
You're not allergic.
You don't have a bad reaction.
You like it.
You're an addict.
It's like being addicted to masturbating your bowl.
Whatever.
Listen, it's nothing going on in your brain.
You want to tell yourself that to make you feel better.
Fine.
You just...
You'd like something a lot and you have no willpower.
That's all.
That's what you like.
You're addicted to the things that you're allergic to.
All right.
Whatever you say.
I didn't say that.
I read it.
I read it.
That's fine.
You read a lot of things on the back of the cereal boxes all the time.
Yeah.
No.
Yes.
All right.
Maybe.
What do you think?
You know, Chris, I have to disagree with you.
You what?
I have to disagree.
What is that?
What is that?
I knew the question I asked about the test that they take for allergies.
I know you have no idea how I would do test.
I worked it.
It was very expensive and...
And what did they say she's allergic to you?
Yeah.
Right.
Not really.
She's allergic to work.
Oh.
Oh, come on.
I know somebody like that.
Do you?
Yeah.
So you've never...
And what was the story?
They stick her with pins.
They stuck her back with all these different pins.
They stick her back with all these different pins.
Well, whatever.
And then they...
No, I didn't like it because they charged me a lot of money to find out nothing.
They test the reaction to it.
And then they say, well, you've got, you know, a level blah, blah, five allergy to this.
And that...
But of course, there's no way of knowing when you're being exposed to this or that.
So the bottom line is nothing.
We spend a lot of money for it.
Nothing.
What do you mean by that?
It's quackery is the bottom line.
It's everything you're...
You're going to be allergic to any number of things in the atmosphere to one degree or another.
But there's no way to avoid those things.
So good luck to you.
I thought you were like food allergy testing.
No.
All of these things.
Food allergy.
That's something that's different.
Like when you eat it...
And you have a bad reaction like your throat closes up.
Like people that are allergic to food...
Those are allergies.
That's what an allergy is.
And you have a bad reaction.
I just talk about I love it.
Right.
Me too.
Because there's sometimes a video in which chocolate will start like gagging.
I've never known a set or don't you know?
Oh yeah.
Gag on it.
Well I want to check that's a fun thing maybe.
Huh?
There might be a fun thing or eating too fast or something.
I think he should get a metal Andy Meyer from Western.
Is he?
Indeed I do.
He's a Gator.
He's a Gator.
Why?
He's a Gator.
Right.
I give him credit for having a big pair of man.
There's John Kerry.
Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.
And he answered a good question too.
I mean with such a spineless piece of tear they didn't challenge the fixed election in 2004.
And the red elections in Ohio that cost him the victory.
But a beep, but a boop, but a bup, but a bup.
See that's one thing you know like we just had Martin with the King Day the other day.
And of course he was a you know a very energetic devoted individual who who tried very hard to buck the establishment and guess what?
What I'm saying he's dead.
He was a rabble rouser.
That's right.
The Kennedys are trying to buck the establishment.
What I'm saying they're both the JFK and Bobby.
You know cross the mob I'll tell you that one thing right now.
If you do some you know I mean Bobby was there on the investigating all the mobsters you know and so was his brother.
And when they got in orifice instead of they you know they continued.
Even though the mob helped them win like Illinois and West Virginia.
Oh that's why you didn't get their payback you got a kick.
You know you got to pay back or or but it's right.
So it works with the mob man they won't mess with you unless you uh.
Don't bing your brother brains all over you nice I really soon.
That's right.
That's Santino for you.
344 votes on the poll about which major metropolitan area other than entry in South Florida.
We do not want to live in Detroit.
146 49%.
48% excuse me I exaggerate you know me almost half of the entire total out there.
Don't want to live in Detroit no thank you.
Well this bacon's up there you know good it's almost no car.
The other one has no carbs.
This one probably got like one or two because it's not good.
Why not do look.
Yeah.
It's more on small bacon.
I want that too.
I got an article here about Dick Cheney being another piece of crap but it's not it's not nothing new.
Dick Cheney probably I can't talk I can't read this with my mouth full of bacon.
So during the break I'll finish the bacon.
Okay good.
And then we'll bring home the bacon.
It's almost pay day by the way.
For you.
You already got paid?
Yeah.
Everything good?
How about that bonus bonus?
I'll hold my breath.
The biggest name.
The best out of two.
Little projects.
Fort like the 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
He loves to watch boobs and butts and biking.
I remember when.
I remember I remember when you lost your mind.
Now it's just not working out.
Jumping on a prom over the plane.
One thousand bloody 180 homes.
We're a big mistake.
Just like a just like a just like a large majority of your movies.
You're a million out.
As I'm bad for being you too much.
Sharp, sharp, pretty.
All the world's ever made enough.
There's kind of garbage too.
We're just your rugged neck too.
You'll buy a budget card.
Serve it or come.
We fired you because.
We think you're crazy.
Get like a baby.
You're fair.
We think you're crazy.
Get like a baby.
Crazy is a bed bug made.
You're a fair dog.
Oh, and here's another Tom Cruise bed.
And please.
Tom Cruise pushing scienceology.
On YouTube, Bruce C.S. lost his mind.
His quad for blinds.
Tom Cruise pushing scienceology.
On the internet makes him look crazy.
His eyebrows ways.
Absolutely.
His one just makes.
Remembering like Charlie Lens in while preaching the word.
A science fiction writer around Humper.
Any claims that he's the chosen one to save us all.
There's some pressure for a guy who's five weeks old.
Tom Cruise just lost scienceology.
So much that he's wrecked his whole career.
Oh my dear.
Drink the scienceology cool-aid.
He's convinced his after life is made.
Or in the shade.
He's dead for pain.
Movies start coming serving the steaming pilot ball.
What believing is the shit it's possible.
Totally brainwashed his prisoner slash white Katie.
And heaven help their little babies to read.
Who'll be raised in scienceology.
Hang it out with John Travolta's kids.
They're all failing.
Yes Tom Cruise lost scienceology.
Face the rest of us.
You join the clan.
And become a fan of the crazy man.
Well I didn't say it was going to be great.
I didn't know it was going to be Tom Pettinger.
I tried.
We'll take it.
Whatever.
I like the other one better though.
I'm sure.
I'm almost out of here too.
I got my shoes on.
I got my pantaloonies on in my shirt.
A nice old man shirt of course.
I'm ready to rock and roll man.
I'm ready to fly out of the water.
And unlike many other days I'm not going to stop at the convenience store and get some snickers bars or something in the cab on a way to wood buy.
I'm not going to do it.
Do you believe me?
No.
Why not?
Now what does that mean?
No.
Where's the fiduci baby?
Where's the confidence?
Where's the beef?
I have confidence.
How's that?
I just did.
I just had another rash or a bacon.
It was damn good.
Hey that's really good.
I'm President Dick Cheney, proud of Congress today to extend and broaden the expiring surveillance law saying fighting the war on terror is a long term enterprise that should not come with an expiration date.
We're reminding Congress they must act now.
Cheney told the right wing lunatic heritage foundation.
The law which authorizes the administration we've dropped on emails and phone calls to and from suspected terrorists expires on February 1.
Congress is bittering over terms of its extension.
On Tuesday, Senate Republicans blocked an effort by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid to extend the stopgap Protect America Act without expanding it.
Raising stakes from an expected showdown on the Senate later this week.
I'm new virgin of the law.
This causes bigger than the quarrels of party in the agendas of politicians Cheney said.
And if we in Washington all of us can only see our way clear to work together, then the outcome should not be in doubt.
Congress hastily adopted the stopgap Act last summer in the face of warnings from the administration about dangerous gaps and the government's ability to gather intelligence in the Internet age, the Internet's.
Administration allies in Congress not only want the expiring law made permanent but amended to give telephone companies other communications providers immunity from being sued for helping government eavesdropping other intelligence gather in the efforts.
They want to read your emails. They want to listen to your phone calls. They want to check your toilet paper.
They want to check the bowl.
I want to see how much corny been eaten this week.
They want to make Dan sure they got there. They want it all. They want to put the cameras up above your bed.
Sticker camera inside your window.
That's right. Any way that can.
We're monitoring you. We're monitoring you.
Georgia would be so proud. He would be. He was right.
He's dead though. And so is Heath Ledger.
I had a whole art. What did I do it? I smit-canon. I think all I heard is A.O. Scott in the New York Times.
Says an actor whose work will I last the frenzy. Oh my goodness.
Did you know what the name of the character was? He played in Broke-ass mounting?
No.
E-N-N-I-S. A-N-S Delmar.
E-N-S.
E-N-S.
I've never eaten it.
I've never eaten it. I've never eaten it. I've never eaten it. I've never eaten it. I've never eaten it.
Did you have a chronic colon named E-N-S?
E-N-S?
And no. Maybe it was from A-N-T.
A-N-S-A-N-T.
That is so hysterical. A-N-A-N-T.
Yeah.
Most populous U.S. metropolitan area A-N-T.
Although you know I think maybe as a point there's a lot of A-N-T. people out there that just don't live in Georgia.
A-O Scott in the time says that the finding performance of heat ledgers tragically for short in career more or less equivalent to what Jim Stark and Rebel without the cause was for James Dean will surely be the role of Ennis A-N-S Delmar in Broke-Back Mountain.
A portrait of inarticulate love and fordid desire A-N-S is a rich complicated character so simply steps in Annie Poole's original short story and brought to heartbreaking life by the film screenwriters Diana Osana and Larry McMurdy by his director Angles.
He's a writer and a book about the story of the movie, and above all by Mr. Ledger himself.
Outwardly, Ennis presents a familiar image of Rough.
Rough, that's what Larry Craig said.
A rough-hume western masculinity in the longing that surges under his taciturn demeanor doesn't so much contradict this image as hoped to explain it.
Ennis' love for Jack Twist who meets tending sheep on a Wyoming mountain top in the early 60s takes Ennis by surprise and throws in permanently off balance.
Off his...
Rackthume!
Ennis!
His lifelong silence, the film suggests is less a sign of strength than of cowardice and crippling inability to acknowledge or communicate the truth of his own feelings.
It's a rape movie, okay? It's not about love, it's not a rape movie, it's all.
There isn't any...didn't that even like any friendship?
They're not like when they leave after they're done with the sheep and they're leaving for the summertime to get some pickup truck.
Well, have a good summer, yeah, I'll ride, see you around the...like that.
You know, just like Aintree.
What made the performance over Markable was that Mr. Ledger would not be trained Ennis' dignity or his reserve with nonetheless able to convey the truth to the audience.
This kind of sense of intimidating ability to signal an inter-emotional stay without overtly showing it is what distinguishes great-screen acting from movie star posing.
And while Mr. Ledger was handsome enough and famous enough to be called a movie star, he was serious enough and smart enough to be suspicious of this deploying his charisma too easily or too cheaply.
Or his...rackthume!
Ennis, and Ennis.
And on that note.
And by the way, in case you're wondering, he's still dead.
What the biggest name?
The best talent he has in a budget.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Sorry, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I, sir.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing, sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No, I'm not.
I got there, but Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the protest?
Sir, you told me to move the protest.
I didn't tell you. You must have misunderstood me.
No, sir. You said move the protest to Monday.
Hey, hey, listen, butt wipe. I'm the boss.
I make the decisions. You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the protest.
Okay.
How we doing with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah, boss.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone, Remaz.
I did.
Yes, sir. What was your question?
I'm coming. I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Get in, boss.
Stop it, Remaz.
I'm going to fall, boss.
Stop going to fall, Remaz.
Remaz.
It's like this in my hand, Remaz.
That's your penis, boss.
My other hand, Remaz.
That's a phone, boss.
Right. I can't hear anything, Remaz.
Stop sawing the floor.
Sorry.
I think, sir.
The moves are working out very well.
The practice is four minutes times.
What?
You think it's time, Swat?
Chris, are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remaz.
It's the boss.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play, Remaz.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And get that food right away from me.
Oh, come on, Remaz.
I'm allergic.
I, sir.
Sir, over 25 million people, sir.
Shut up,izer.
Listen.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
You see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
Slide the side.
I'm the puppet, master.
I said you do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out on the Michael Jackson interview.
But sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like you.
Puppet, master.
Me.
Idiot.
Remaz.
Yes, the boss.
What the hell are you doing now?
It's in the floor, boss.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remaz.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My Honorary, Remaz.
That's the phone, boss.
That's the phone, Remaz.
Get out.
Get over to work.
Get out.
izer.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
Bye, bye, bye.
I said you'll watch your show.
I'm fine.
You'll need to weigh out.
I'm fine.
For life.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
