The music expressed on the music was the most beautiful
and the most beautiful in that too.
And do not reflect those of the Beasy Broadcast group.
It's staffed, advertisers, and many.
Happy Boxing Day.
The biggest names.
The best quality of shopping.
You're listening to Boxing Day.
It's Radio 560.
It's WQAM.
I am A.
Stopping with it.
Sluttering and shopping.
Boxing Day.
The big 70.
Are you having it?
And it's probably the most beautiful.
Monk?
Oh.
560.
WQAM presents the Neil Rodgers Show.
Declang to Neil.
Darryl 560.
560 in day and row.
In other counties, cold toll free.
87775.
Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Funds.
The appellans expressed by Neil.
His guests or his colleagues.
Do not represent those of WQAM management.
No.
Responses.
Now the Neil Rodgers Show.
On 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you first, dude.
Hey, where you going?
Come here.
Oh, man.
Don't you ever take a bath.
What?
Where you going?
Where you going?
Where you going?
He's a walking roller-sau.
Hey, check it out.
I can blow bubble out of my nose.
I have a foxes that produce her dough.
I hate doing it, but I know it.
His hair ears are losing their joy.
His name is like pets.
And in fact, that's where we'll make you.
You think this is just for funny.
Turn around by dance.
Now without my shoes getting fixed.
But everyone's disgusted and scared.
Walks through hallway sideways.
And he's covered with gorilla hair.
Mama says he's okay.
He's a genius.
A young man has beaten him along.
We're not too sure what's going on there.
Stay away from me.
Josh Reid knows.
I feel things seems money, but he's now standing.
I'm funny, isn't he?
Don't come near me.
Josh Reid knows.
He looks like he's the skis that I'm selling.
And he's selling the pound.
He's dead.
Got so bad his guns exploded.
Stewing wretched by all over the world.
There's staples up and down his.
Just to hold in all that greasy old food.
Stay away from me.
Josh Reid knows.
He thinks I care if Chris Moore don't like me.
I think he does.
Don't come near me.
Josh Reid knows.
Come here, come here.
Don't like me.
Don't like you wrote a news.
There's a thing when someone calls you an asshole.
Oh, what?
I got the last two letters of that.
That's good.
He said, ass.
Where?
Yeah.
It was all right.
So the reason I played that is because we got some big radio news right after Christmas, baby.
Hope everybody had a wonderful Christmas and Santa dropped all the good crap down to your chimney.
Of course most people don't have a chimney, but especially in Florida.
You got a chimney?
Nope.
No need to do why.
Well, Santa bounces up on your roof and he looks around.
No chimney moves on to the next house.
You're screwed.
Boy, Barry Jackass is just all over the place.
Good thing I got him this morning.
Nobody else on there.
And of course it's boxing day.
Canada, England, most of Europe.
Not in the USA.
That's because nobody's got money left to buy anything anyhow.
The coming of Christmas day left radio with one less major market smooth jazz outlet.
Major market smooth jazz.
Oh, good.
God.
As clear channels WLV love 94, Miami.
Returns from all holiday programming at 10 a.m. with a new format.
rhythmic AC.
Like we reported to you the other day.
Member?
Somebody else?
I mean that.
And it was correct.
They kind of slipped up on it.
Okay, the word got out on their website.
93.9 FM MIA.
Move to the music.
Move to the music.
Oh, yeah.
The station's launching commercial free with core artists, the BGs.
Madonna, Prince Justin Tinkerbell and Jennifer Lopez.
Oh, when I hear Justin Tinkerbell on my radio, you know what I think?
Bye, bye, bye.
Immediately if not sooner.
You know you love him.
I can't stand that creep.
If you can sing and dance to it, probably play it.
It's a tea channel.
Miami president, market manager, Brian Olson.
I wonder if he's kidding.
Jimmy Olson.
You're fairy.
There's a tremendous passion across South Florida for this format.
How about let's hear it out.
There's a tremendous passion.
They just put it on the air this morning.
It's going on now, I guess.
Two and over to 93.9.
Let us know if you like it.
That's our not a pull question, but just our general question.
I like it.
Yeah.
We are thrilled to bring this exciting and upbeat programming to listeners.
WLV East former smooth jazz programming will soon be available on 93.9.
HD2 subchannel Olson said which nobody can pick up because nobody's got that kind of a receiver, but nevertheless.
In the past year, major market flips away from smooth jazz have included Lincoln financials move of KJCD Denver to sports.
MSN's flip of WQCD, New York to AAA as WRXP and Citadel's decision to move WJZW Washington to all these.
Let's play oldies.
What do you say in all year?
No, thank you.
Well, it's your last regular day on the show in my last day till the new year.
Well, I'm on next week too.
Oh, that's right.
Last day hanging out with you.
Last day with me.
Well, until the next time until Georgia's on vacation or what?
No.
Mm-hmm.
I would assume.
But you never know around here.
You never know.
We don't know what's going on.
And I'm quite frankly the way this business is going.
I told you a long time ago, I'm the one who gave you the honest advice about what to do with your radio.
Take it and flush it down the toilet.
That's what you should do with your radio.
Everybody, take your radio and either that or get a ball-peen hammer and smash it to little bits.
Because the people are running these stations.
I understand we're in any pressure and everybody's got to make big cutbacks and all this other crap.
But my God, put something on here somebody we want to listen to.
Jesus, God.
And very also sends me this crap from his column today around the dial.
790, the ticket continued tinkering with its lineup.
This is just you talk about capitulation throwing in the towel, naming Josh Friedman.
As host on the 7 to 10 p.m. program of nights without Panthers or Marlins games.
Friedman will host a Marlins intensive baseball show from 7 to 9 p.m.
Once Dolphin season is over and a general talk show from 9 to 10 p.m.
Oh, good.
God, Josh Friedman.
Everybody's worst nightmare.
Jonathan Zazlow, who had been hosting in the 7 to 10 p.m.
slot, is moving 10 a.m. to noon to replace Kevin Rogers who was fired Monday.
And there's a line in here.
You talk about Barry having his head up their ass.
They got this incestuous relationship between the herald and the ticket ticket ticket.
Uh-huh.
We'll get to it.
The ticket dropped at the local dosa Migos late night talks to her featuring Larry Million and Alan Strauss.
And we'll replace it with Tony Bruno's and actually syndicated program from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. beginning Monday.
Here's the line.
Okay.
It's a move that will save the station money in a tough economy.
Oh, talk about having your head way up Howard Davis's ass.
Barry, my God.
Is that pathetic?
Uh-huh.
If we make cutbacks or oh well, but if we put a move, but about me, but it's a move that will save the money.
In other words, they're looking to cut cost is what it is.
Just like everybody else's.
The ticket dropped me, Leon, but we've gained Strauss for weekend and fill in work.
What kind of a name is Alan Strauss for a dosa Migos show? What does that mean?
Put out.
You know, I'm saying you think he would be his family.
Something Alan Strauss don't sound like no, uh, Julio to me.
But anyway, that's uh, Barry's news today.
Oh, wow.
Got a couple of dead people before we get into yesterday's pool.
Also, how about some aspiring ports on the great job?
Jesse Agluda yesterday and what's his name?
Spector.
Phil Spector.
That's actually what uh, George put on his birthday envelope or Christmas envelope gift.
What?
Phil Spector.
Yeah.
He couldn't, I guess he probably couldn't remember the Brian parts.
We just called them Phil Spector.
Or maybe he was trying to be funny.
Did that ever dawn on you?
Well, that too, but you know, I think it went over the head of Spector when I gave it to him.
So well, from what you're telling me anything would go over his head quite possibly.
After all the nasty things you said about him.
Really?
Yeah.
What do you ever do to you?
You trashed him unmercifully before.
Oh, totally.
You did.
Uh-huh.
You said he's a lung kid.
And you say that Jesse Agluda, what do you say?
That he hasn't got a clue what's going on.
Something like that.
Yeah, that's right.
So what's wrong with that?
Riff him an ass, man.
If he deserves it, rip him an ass.
This isn't like a pansy radio, even with me here.
This is like not one.
By the way, I got to go to a pretty neat Christmas party.
Wednesday night with Paco and the whole family and friends and a whole bunch of people.
Better than you thought it was going to be.
Yeah, it was good food.
And we had a pretty good time.
And guess what?
I walk in the door of this friend's house.
And they've got all the food.
What a spread enough food to feed a Chinese army.
And the music is playing.
Guess who was singing?
Well, you wouldn't know because you don't care.
Luis Miguel.
Did you start swooning?
No, but I know who it was.
And they were very impressed because the guy, the host of the party,
he claims to be Luis Miguel's number one fan.
And I said, oh, that's Luis Miguel.
And Paco said, oh, my God.
Anyway, man, he did.
That's what he said.
And I said, absolutely.
Okay, which dead person you want first, the civic,
giant and dead county, Alva Chappen or Eartha Kit?
Let's go with Eartha.
Oh, come on.
Eartha to Eartha Kit.
She was strange.
Really?
She dies in anyone little out there when I was on the keyboard.
Oh, I guess today.
I'm trying to think of who she once been on the lip.
She bit somebody famous on the lip.
She was being treated for colon cancer and died in New York.
Her daughter, Kit Shapiro, was, that also doesn't sound like a black name.
Shapiro.
Her daughter, her recording of Sauncey Christmas Song, Santa Baby
was certified gold last week.
Oh, thank God, before she croaked.
She made a name for herself as Catwoman in the Batman TV series.
Remember Catwoman?
No, you don't.
Absolutely.
Singer when actress Eartha Kit is died, her publicist Patty Freeman told CNN yesterday.
On Christmas Day, no less.
Oh, boy.
What a bitch.
Her daughter, Kit Shapiro, was by her side.
She was performing almost until the end, taping a PBS special six week ago, weeks ago, in Chicago,
the show was set to wear in February.
She's well known for her distinctive voice and made a name for herself in her portrayal
of Catwoman in the TV series, Batman, the role-produced Kit's recognisably Salt-Tweet Cat-Growl.
We don't have the growl.
I think the closest thing we got to a growl would be...
Like that.
Orlando.
You don't remember him.
That's before your time.
That's at Iodino less.
Yeah, not at all.
I remember him.
Hmm.
But nevertheless, he disappeared.
Like a lot of other people in there.
What's that gone?
They're gone, you know?
They don't keep in touch.
They don't communicate with you.
Even though we've got that great email thing, NeilAtNearRodges.com.
So anybody out there can drop us a note and say, hey, how you doing?
It's been a long time in Balean, screw you, and whatever.
Yeah, it was something.
No.
No.
Alva Chapman, Jr., Third Generation newspaper, newspaper man,
and former Harold President and CEO in a real far-bison,
won a South Florida's most influential corporate and civic leader, says the Harold,
whose business acumen and quiet passion upmold, not just the Harold, but modern Miami, has died in 87.
He was part of the non-group.
He was one of the movers and shakers.
He was shaking it.
Chapman spent a traditional family Christmas eve at his coconut grove home reading the Bible with his wife Betty,
their two daughters and several grandchildren, then succumbed to pneumonia on Christmas Day.
He was reading the Bible with his wife and kids.
He was afflicted with Parkinson's disease, suffered strokes in recent years, and broke a hip in March.
He brought his family to Miami in 1960.
He evolved into a devoted energetic champion of his adopted hometown, Miami,
and became the unifying force behind scores and civic endeavors from housing to the homeless,
disgusting downtown Miami's contemporary appearance to leading.
We will rebuild after Hurricane Andrew in 1992.
Long before his death, Chapman had become a civic legend, exceeded perhaps only by pioneer Henry Flagler,
another corporate titan whose leadership surpassed that of any elected official.
But a beat, but a boop, but a boop.
Chapman was the person president and poppers turned to what something needed to be done in South Florida.
Now, he's dead.
The biggest name.
The number you're going to get, no projects.
Fortress of your five sixty QAM.
The fourth leader.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM.
The very apt titan can't be taken, take a pill.
It's Friday, you were, Steve.
Oh, what's the problem officer?
Deploy from the vehicle.
Quick, quick, quick, quick, quick.
If you're caught driving without a seatbelt, you will be removed from your car and shot.
The police now have the authority to enforce seatbelt safety under the new Patriot Act 2.
The new laws in effect now, so click it or be shot.
Officers don't like doing this. They are only following orders.
It's for your own protection in the never-ending fight against terrorism.
Terrorist acts such as mouth noise.
Perpping and fighting.
But being knowing you others, so under Patriot Act 2, eating will no longer be permitted in restaurants.
Anyone eating outside the designated eating area will also be shot.
It's the law.
We like saying that the law, the law, the law, the law.
It's the law.
It'd be the law at 10, 18, at 5, 60, WQAAM.
It's Friday, Boxing Day.
I don't know what else to call it, day after Chris Mouse.
We got the big O-Dolphin Camp at 2.
He is really rock solid.
I think he killed us now last trend, by the way.
I could be wrong with.
Linda and Kennell at Boat Campers from 4 to 7.
Boy, we got some swill on or what?
Dolphin the night 7 to wait and then Greg don't like us from 8 to 10.
Now is he also belong around here or not?
Yeah, he's a pretty good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
He's a good one.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, my god.
His god.
He talk about indignant, psychotic, and upset, and just
like excited, and just realized that, thanks for sending me
It's terrifying.
and just CN.
And the sary reported about the two things about that
And the sary reported about the new station at about yesterday's
performance.
performance.
performance.
I know what is name is.
As you've relaxed.
That's Jessen.
As you've relaxed.
far the only spy report now you listen for a couple segments about a second
said they had fabulous calls i'm your friend oh yes they were going to call
back today
no they're not calling back today because i'm not taking any calls to the
yeah well that's what they said though well of course they would if i
punched the phone up let me let me see if there's anybody on there
i'm your friend i'm your friend come on you can do it i'm your friend
i don't see anything happening on there yet though i mean maybe they're a
little bit
hungover from christmas
well you talk about booze oh my god
one thing about this world man the goiom can share drink make no i'm not saying
that jews don't drink a little bit little wine you know man of chevets
moky david but wow you goiom man you drink like fish unbelievable this is at
the uh... the party that you're at the head the head and start i had so on
it was a little sangria i like sangria all it wasn't very good
i don't know why it's not too hard to make good sangria
maybe the uh... fruit wasn't the freshest
oh there was some fresh fruit
but you do any picking
no i did not pick any fruit
but i'm a bad
you're no wonder you're getting your ass blown out of here
did i do any picking in my nose
and maybe a little bit my back home was looking for dingalberries i could
send them home for the holidays i don't see him showing up on the schedule
over there i think that was all uh... fake
even they're not that desperate they're gonna put that to her back on here
you sure
well i i wish we're praying
please put on the show so
another poll
jesus god i'll get on here our polls now on my outlook express
on my email
with which i appreciate it's nice to have all these polls i just forward one
there he puts the one on for the next day but i think there it is
in fact let me see is he got the one on her yet
at about a rick you're doing it
happy holidays Eric
it's better where you are he's in orlando
hey so i have a
spy report yes
says
the marlins are buying time on seven ninety eight it's missing the first
parts almost to be the seven to nine p.m. time
it's a paid info commercial but berry jackass doesn't have the
three-quartered as it is
he doesn't have the one doesn't have the uh... calls yes
to report as it is so apparently the seven to nine is actually like you know a
marlin commercial yep
well isn't that great
i'm sure that's going to get a gigantic number
we love the marlin they lose a lot oh my god here's a call qa hello
did they have a christmas pinata
oh did you smirk it all mighty
are you still alive
just barely
yeah well ended all okay
don't don't get to the new year
christmas pinata
yeah they should use him as the christmas pinata what do you say
everybody get out your spears your british spears
all right let's take a look at the pollinated yesterday
and you say this was your idea no this was not my idea at all this is just
you i am hello
hey nil yep
what's going on buddy meet some dogs uh... they sir
hey how are they do you
so you're in a big party uh you a baco
yeah and then make me tamaleese i love tamaleese give fine good tamaleese
oh no
i had a good day would be listed by the way for the accordor schlock guy
well but now what is that same line why does that the one that rings is there
some special reason i don't know maybe the first one will come up all time
qa and hello
oh he's the worst i'll take fifty prosak rons and chambas and uh... uh
reverend shorts over that one the singer
there is a guy who should know better but he thinks he's funny thinks he's uh
i don't know what he thinks he needs to be taken out
he shot
what different lines ringing wqa am hello
hey nil
i have a lot of ramo
that's what i call
yeah i have a community once we got on five book it on
okay here's the poll for me yesterday who is the bet on other ringing
sure be better than playing a racking today that would be really bad
i think you ought to challenge me to take calls all four hours and of course the
emails which there aren't too many cathias i double-dawd area
and can't you don't know what she's talking about but you know just calm down
can't you're great we love you all that but uh... relax how come they can
play the new cat all
god who is the best producer in the business is their poise they have three
hundred and sixteen votes that's not too good i mean bad for christmas day what
you want
christmas day you people on a kis the radio the fact that we put live people
on their our christmas day is opposed to putting some stupid ass ballgame on
there oh that's all these stations do some stupid ass ballgame and it was just
you one of the better guys here just he's great the other guy are tubbies his
sucks who's the best producer in a business three hundred sixteen votes none of
the above one hundred and twenty five but the winner fat Chris 120 let's hear it
you you kill the rest all right aren't you proud on the way i'm so pack Chris
Curtis 40 specter 13 even though you say he's an idiot
zack six poor zack man he gets no respect and of course he's destroyed that show
you know they're doing the same thing they did before when they had to kinean
blow morning show with the same ponderous guests over and over and a tune out
tune out Alex Marvez and Rurozenstein house grants and uh
oh god and Kirk Jirks Street of that crowd
ponderous tune out zack six young Greg five Carlos foreign
gripper three oh Robert gripper the lord of the board the grim reaper
that's your did it for kinean blow in that morning show let me tell you nice job by
the way joebell
again
so thanks a lot
is your project
four hundred you five sixty qa m
the fourth leader
it puts the notion in the basket
i'm telling you Moses was the wisest man
how are you maschugana Abraham was devised
I'm telling you Moses
I say Abraham
Moses
Jehovah
Jehovah
let us
worse
Amen to
oh
after a hard day arguing religious law these thirsty scholars
him for their favorite refreshments
Israel light beer
go hide it's on its way
Israel light
smooth as locks and green jeans
and it tastes great
but last to fill in
taste glass
the
taste of the
be a shlameel it tastes good
Israel light
the beer chosen by the chosen people
oi ten thirty one at five sixty w t qa m all the bubble my seas all the
time it's really sad but nevertheless
uh... who is the biggest loser of two thousand eight that's the point we got
going on right now
three hundred and thirty one vote john mccain ninety three
the pain of mccain
is just enough to make you go
uh... insane
come on now fatso you can get out of the blood doesn't certainly i would
you know
you what i don't know
you don't know and you're in your knock-ins spec
yeah well you know so it's still waking up today
you're not in spec
i've only had catharsis and then by the way she followed up thanks catholic or
least being in touch
she cares enough to send her very worst
biggest loser two thousand eight mccain ninety three birdie made off fifty
billion dollar ponzi scamer who made off with a lot of people's money sixty five
the almost perfect season patriots thirty big three auto companies thirty
wall street investment banks twenty seven swallery clinton twenty three
governor by goya which twenty who put the all of the way of it
twenty jason jackson eleven all not the jerks
other great show that uh... our leader are fearlessly to put that on the year
not only kenny and blow in the morning show but the jerk show all
like george always said if uh... jolly joe and clearance like it it's gonna suck
and it's gonna fail i say amen to that nice going george
george's on vacation this week will be back monday i'll be on vacation next week
don't say i didn't warn you joe fineberg nine
last season by me heate eight
tom Brady first a super bowl in the oh eight season eight big brown denied the
cripple uh... cripple crown five you ran the cripple crown i'll write in the
bill mond oh here he comes hit him again i can't uh... here he comes
he's coming to the wire right now in the shadow of the wire
the tenp of a raise two now they gagged and choked bad didn't they but why
would they be the biggest loser when they had a great deal with the right so
yeah yeah
may nobody expected them to go anywhere they don't draw flies over there my god
tampa and my amy need the baseball team like hitler needed more anti-semitism
you know i'm saying just ridiculous so kathy follows up
she says i am relaxed good thank you for being relaxed kathy all her she
inspired me to do a spew about this whole situation
i just know you'd like to have your original bits bits back and back and
unsensitive we would all like that
thought you might like to know that you might be able to argue that at least in
one case the world and then when someone played one sorry my mistake
see this this business about we'd like to have this back it's not happening
it's that i would be a crazy person i would be in a in a mental institution in
a rubber room if i got is aggravated as some of you people do it's just what it
is
i'd like to have all the great restaurants that close down like to have them back
to i'd like to have the kishki open at our local deli here too i'd like to have
that back it's long gone they're not going to bring it back is too many goiom now
too many people from china too many chinese mon and too many uh rasta
what are they punjabi from india they don't eat kishki
so just relax even more kathy because these people are continue
oh jeeeh we sure wish we had yeah and just like the people have talked about the
old line of praio di well i was great it was fun while i was doing it was a
million years ago she's talked about living in the past i thought old
with a flow whatever is the situation right now you do the best of it and
that's it kathy so relax don't be uptight
like josh freedman over there across this tree kidney so they're putting an
infomercial on here did you tell me that i'm more than a
commercial offer two hours must be because r r r dolphin infomercial is working
out so well oh my god dolphin tonight my ass
i told you a long time ago it's a horror business we are all
horrors it's a horror business and now with the economy going in the toilet
everybody is hooring even that much more hooring for a dime
used to hurt for 20 bucks now we're hooring for a dime
fact i should play that the bit how much for a uh
uh job can i get it for a quarter kind of get it for nickel can't play that one
kathy and for obvious reason oh i bet that you wish you could still play well
i wish a lot of things i wish that the gregg reed were still here
i wish my salary was going to say the same right after a few days man i'm going
into bankruptcy i'm going chapter 45 i won't be able to send all those big
checks to all the people down there like fat chris now when are you starting to
do the stories by the way i guess uh next week or
january or something like that i don't know i've talked uh courtesan
you know it's really interesting that you guys this is my website my show my
stories that i uh scour for at least 10 minutes every day
and and nobody is discussing it with me you and courtesan are like making a
backdoor deal backdoor backdoor
deal you know punch him in the mouth
not until after we all he shows me how to do them not not after he shows it
until after he shows it to you um shows me how to do the stories first he says
high kneel and chris what makes clear channeler whoever owns 93.9 that would be
right tea channel think we need another station is playing the same
crap that's on three other stations please someone help them says first
key they are beyond help they are beyond help they know nothing about this
business they destroy everything they've touched they've got the mightest
touch and reverse everything they touch turns to schmit
w-d-q-y-m hello nil yes you've got to tell
back chris that i am not the courtesan like i keep standing every time i call
i was going to ask you a nice simple question he said i'm a courtesan like
i you need to get a courtesan like i'm right now what's the question
oh i was going to ask you about your part you went to that's all well what do
you mean you're going to ask me about it i told you it was time i had a good time
the food was great and that's it get your own life all i got to do is mention
anything about i did this or uh uh paco that or anything i
haven't to do and that's because these people want to live vicariously through
my life believe me it ain't that much it's okay it's fine i got no complaints
but get your own friggin life now here's one or an email says
and again it's complaints critiques and instructions see we leave that out when we
do the complaints and critiques and instructions don't do this don't play that
do this do that instructions how to do the show how to live my life yada yada yada
and you're right that is the quarter-shot guy i think or maybe it's quarter it's quarter-it's
quarter-it's quarter-it's clock-it's junior maybe it's the dime-slot guy if they do have dime-slot
machines i don't know i don't think they got a penny fast on that what they have pennies that
would buy they got pennies so would buy and closed from Wednesday at six p.m. until
noon yesterday and christmas day i mean everything is closed what am i going to do on christmas day
so i get in my car around eleven fifteen i get there like oh i don't know about a quarter to
noon to find me a nice parking space up real close i walled inside expecting it to be you know
pretty much empty packed i mean there are enough people in there they were lined up a hundred yards
back and you have to get in line because they got the entrance blocked off everybody has to wait
in line like little children they don't want to stampede i guess did you have to have people what did
you have the whole hands there were hundreds of people in there i was shocked and i thought oh brother
when i once i get inside the machine the wheel of fortune are going to be tied up i guess what they
weren't and i got me a good machine to start then it started dying a little bit and i went to
another machine and it went crazy and i had me a good christmas day that's what happens when you're
atheist he's in the bag the lord really takes care of you god christmas day he took care of me
big time so anyway here's one that says take the f in calls come on i bet you can't do it all four
hours do it but you know what i would if there were any but guess what there aren't there aren't
urine oh
Fourth leader, it's Friday, you bastards.
Jesus Christ, you're the star.
Are you as well?
It's as you are.
Belk it's a used to be, the start of lethal weapons.
Now we're making movies about the crucifixion.
People in the theaters are bound to act.
It was okay but wasn't as good as mad Max.
Jesus Christ, movie star, Rex Rear and the pope
getting here for stars.
Jesus Christ, take a look.
Don't see the film till you read the book.
Jesus Christ, on the screen.
Where there was no more cheating.
Jesus Christ, deity, finely-sexual name in variety.
Jesus Christ, movie star, are you as well?
Okay, better grab this call while we go in.
Q-A-M, hello.
I'll call a row number.
Okay, row number.
That was the wrong number.
You can't take calls all four hours.
I could take calls for 30 hours if we had them.
Right?
Correct.
Now you're going to be amused.
I'm not really sure which.
Remember Mark Hein, H-E-I-N, with all the critiques last week and the week before that?
Yep, all the hostile critiques.
Mark Hein, whose subject, please put on a good one today.
And he starts out by saying, well, I haven't tuned into the show.
He hasn't even listened to anybody.
So I don't know if it's a good one or not.
However, I like to say something.
Is it a good one? I think it's okay.
It's not great. It's not going to win any awards.
It's okay. The call's stuck and the emails like this one are really.
The emailers are not complaining.
It's human nature to point out the flaws and something until it achieves perfection.
I got news for you, Mark.
You're not perfect neither of mine, either as a show ever going to be idiot.
I suppose you don't believe in this. No, I don't. Nothing is perfect.
Especially radio shows, especially for Beasley Broadcasting.
If we didn't notice any kind of flaws, can you imagine how bad off we'd be?
So please next time a listener complains about something you should say,
thank you for having them take the time to critique your show.
Now we're not doing critiques and complaints and instructions, Mark.
This was deleted, but I just couldn't resist.
Remember, Neil, we only want a great show. Was that too much to ask?
Is that too much to ask? Like an emotional cripple, like an overgrown child, Mark.
God.
Is that too much to ask? What do you think of that?
What's your take? Huh? Just kind of sad.
Sad isn't the word for it. This guy, he's not even listening.
I don't know if it's a good show or not. It's a radio show. That's all it is.
What the hell do you think this is? Like some great painting? Like a sculpture?
Oh, let's critique it. Oh, look at that. He's got armpit here, that chick.
You know, what are you talking about? This is somebody obviously who's got a real obsession, just obsession.
Here's one for the poll, which how could we have not put this on?
Or, oh, Jay says Fernando. Thanks for an endo. Oh, Jay. Got it.
Adding it now. Good. Oh, he'll go zooming up there.
He'll pass John McCame like he's laid out flat and he ought to be.
WQYM. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I just want to wish you a happy holiday.
Happy New Year. And to Ken Maldon. Just like we love him out here and he got screwed over.
Yeah. So have a nice day. And back to you. Thank you.
Yeah, right at holidays time, how do you like that?
A whole bunch of people getting screwed and fired and all kinds of businesses.
Not just in radio and TV and the print journalism. Everybody's getting canned now just in taffy holidays.
Happy holidays. Have a great one. And by the way, your fire did it.
Two hundred and fifty six votes on the poll. What's our goal today?
Oh, 600. 600. Yeah, why not? You're a crazy person. Okay, 550.
Whatever you say, Lee's got an option for the poll.
Yeah, the American people. Why is that? We got rid of Bush. We voted him out.
We got Obama in there. Why the American people? Come on, flea. Quit being so damn negative.
You work for a really positive guy, Jolly Joe Bell, Clarence Joyce.
You work for a real positive organization. Get with it, flea. What's he doing there today?
He's actually working. Well, what's he doing there working today on this day?
I wouldn't take too many other people. The office isn't close today. Why not?
I don't know. You got to ask Joe Bell. Is Joe Bell there today? I haven't seen him. Yeah.
Asked Flea. Is Jolly Joe there today?
He hasn't answered. He's not here. What do you mean he's not there?
He came in to tell us the thing and he walked out.
Too negative. Quit being negative the day after Christmas day. Wait till the new year to start the negativity again.
Let's pretend we're all. Here is one that says Neil. I was on Lincoln Road last night.
It was packed at certain points. I was worried I'd be crushed by all the people there.
Lincoln Road has got some very good restaurants, but also some bad overpriced places.
But even the worst headlines yesterday, this whole bad economy thing is a myth.
Although I did hear you can go bowling down the Vegas strip. Yeah, that Vegas is off-sourish, man.
See, I don't understand that. There were a lot. There were hundreds of people there.
And why did this guy send that twice? Was it that important? Yes. Send them only once.
Okay. There's my complaint. Send them once. He's in North Carolina.
Good place for him.
Without a question of it out, the biggest loser in 2008 says this emailer was Plexico Burris,
who both literally and figuratively shot himself in the foot.
A real royal screw up and a big time loser if there ever was one.
Police these weapons from Burris's home. Here's that story as if we haven't already seen this.
From a couple days ago, would you see it? I think so.
Police have seized weapons and ammunition from the New Jersey home of Johns receiver.
Plexiglass Burris, who was charged with illegal weapons possession after accidentally shooting himself
while at Manhattan nightclub last month. He's got a real problem. He's got a gun problem.
But then again, most people are obsessed with guns. They got a problem all right. It's called life.
This guy with the Lincoln road thing. He sent it twice. Why? Because it was that important.
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, everybody's supposed to be out of work and nobody's got any money in the...
In fact, I got the retail sales plummet right here in my little pile.
I made a little pile for today. Just in case I wanted to do like a real show and I just mail it in.
I don't know. That email from Mark Hein, though, leaves me. I'm just not sure.
Oh, yeah, everybody wants to create no critiques. Okay. If you like it, find a price is right. Here's the show.
I'll do it the way I want to do it. I've been doing it for a hundred years. Okay.
What time is your show on, Mr. Hein? Huh? You jackass. You fool.
Retail sales plummet. Price-lashing failed to rescue a bleak holiday season for beleaguered retailers
as sales plunged across most categories on shrinking consumer spending.
According to new data released yesterday.
Despite a flurry of last minute choppers lured by deep discounts,
total retail sales excluding automobiles fell over the year earlier,
period by five and a half percent in November, eight percent in December through Christmas Eve.
When gasoline sales are excluded, the fall and overall retail sales is more modest.
The two and a half percent drop in November, a four percent decline in December,
a forty percent drop in gas prices over the year earlier period contributed to the sharp decline in total sales.
But, Mary Delk, director in the retail practice at consulting firm of Deloitte Tushia LLP,
says this will go down as one of the worst holiday seasons on record.
Retailers went from ho ho to a ho to a ho to a ho no.
Isn't that clever? They went from ho ho to a ho to a ho to a ho no.
Very clever. That's really creative, man. Crazy bitch.
WQAM, hello.
On your plane. I said, yeah, go away. Go to hell. Drop dead.
Do us a favor of the New Year and die. Okay.
Take some poison pills. Take some arsenic without the old lace.
Take a handful of stuff.
QAM, hello.
Okay. That's it. I bet you don't dare take calls the whole four hours.
I doubled area to you. Well, where are they?
Where are they?
Remember that song by Roberta Flack and Donnie Hathaway? Where is the love?
No.
Where is the love? 94 and where are the calls? I don't see any.
Do you see any calls on that board?
Not anymore. If I got them, I'm taking them.
If not, back to the rack.
Day after Christmas in this guy, oh, we want a great show every day.
We want a great show. Well, you do it.
You do it, Michael.
And it's funny part of it is these people who send those kind of email.
They couldn't do two minutes.
They couldn't talk for two minutes in case you haven't noticed the calls.
Any other chance you can do a pull on what was Voka Brian's best bit of 2008?
Of course, the list would have to be composed by him himself.
Nobody can remember all of them. I don't know.
Do you want to do that?
Not really.
No.
I mean, we've done polls on what's his best bit of all time, you know.
But his best bit of 2008?
Come on, people.
Oh, here's one also that I got more instructions.
Why not just pray, Santa?
At least if you're bad hill only with hold of toy.
God will murder in torture you. Praise be to Santa.
Ah, adaboy, Don.
Pretty humorous.
Listen to a tremendous chuckle from me.
Not.
And then here's one of the, here's one from Marx.
Great investment advice.
It's just a silly silly stuff.
W.C.Y.M. Hello.
Any other go?
Okay.
She's got back from a crew.
Yeah.
In Mexico, don't ever go to Mexico.
I'm never going.
Don't ever go.
It was like South Florida, but poorer and more dirty.
It was terrible.
And filled with Mexicans.
And filled with Mexicans.
She'd be here though.
So that was good.
Great show.
Have a good day.
Love you.
I'm back to you.
See. Don't go to Mexico.
He said, I'm not going.
I already had the Christmas with the whole bunch of Mexicans.
So what's the problem with that?
I need to go there.
Right?
How about the Q.A.M. Hello?
Yes?
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay.
How are you?
Oh, good.
How was your Christmas?
Just wonderful for an old, you atheist.
It was great.
Oh, did you get to spend the dreidel?
Neil?
Well, when did they let you out?
What day did they leave you out?
They let me out a long time ago.
Well, they're looking at it.
They're sticking your ass back in as what they ought to do.
WQ.A.M. Hello?
Sir, this is a radio show.
Oh, not him.
Not Mario.
Not crazy, Mario.
Sir, sir.
One thing about him, though, it's always that the tip off is right
the first word always.
So you can get it rid of or get out of the way real fast.
Sir, this is supposed to be a radio show.
Sir, there's a hurricane coming.
Sir, sir, sir.
I know the unmentionable one, sir.
Here's a prediction from one of our e-mailers with the increasing drop-off and ad revenues,
the already oversaturated sports talk market will implode with most finding employment
and lawn maintenance or prison guards.
Manders will retire to the keys, thus giving our ears a rest.
Jimmy Superfluous will start doing books on tape for insomniacs.
Neil will remove the Windsor and take over a CKLW management and also management of Hazel Park.
George will continue to broadcast messages of hope and resistance from a hidden herb farm.
Hmm.
What do you think?
I think it really stinks.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's the Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
That was up 39 points.
Hallelujah.
This is your brain.
And a serious trust bank.
Any questions?
She's the president.
She'll candidate.
Dog kids go crazy for.
Tickle me Hillary.
Yes, tickle me Hillary.
Just rubber belly and watch her go.
I want to have a conversation.
That's cool.
I'll make sure every American has affordable quality health care.
You and your kids will have hours of fun with tickle me Hillary.
I'm not a lesbian.
Yeah, right.
That's a great answer.
Wanna trade?
Mommy, I'm not sure I like Hillary.
That's right.
You'll need their love or hate.
Tickle me Hillary.
Coming soon to a primary near you.
1101 at 560 WQM.
Happy holidays to you.
With no more Merry Christmas and happy Hanukkah.
Although Hanukkah ain't over yet.
Is it?
No.
I think it goes for come with this.
Hanukkah started last weekend.
So it's obviously it's eight days.
So it's going to be over yet.
You better get with your juice stuff, Mr.
Let me tell you right now.
I'm sorry.
You sure don't know your Jew crap and the Lord is going to.
He's going to smoke.
Smite, smite you.
369 votes on the poll.
Who is the biggest loser of 2008?
John McCain 103.
Bernie made off $50 billion Ponzi scamer 70.
The almost perfect season Patriots 38.
Wall Street investment banks 30 and also.
For the big three auto companies.
Hillary Clinton 25 governor.
Black oil of it's 22 Jason Jackson jerks 12.
Joe fineberg nine last season's Miami heat.
8 Tom Brady first the Super Bowl.
Then the 08 season eight.
He's still doing okay.
I think you think he's doing all right.
Sure.
He's still getting lots of money and lots of ass and lots of.
Whatever tension.
Oh, J Simpson six.
He's a late addition.
He's zooming up.
He's creeping up.
He's creepy big brown tonight.
The crippled triple crown six.
I keep saying cripple crown.
I think that's Freudian.
Don't you?
The Freudian slip.
Something really fishy with that horse.
In fact, all the great news is for you horse race lovers.
Was there any in this audience?
Except that neurotic Dan from Maryland.
Oh, speaking of him.
Not Nick Nolte.
Dan Nolte.
Listen, that.
And here's golden doc a in the black cap coming.
Smoky on the grandstand side.
So over the weekend, I get an invitation to join him on Yahoo.
He wants to be an email partner on your same crazy person who is allegedly in the Philippines with the love of his life.
Yeah.
But it's down to lovely island golden doc a run of 16 to go.
Golden doc a very new down in the engine.
Golden doc a son of golden doc a is one of the last version of lovely island.
Very game.
So I was going to say it's great that because there was no racing yesterday and none yet so far today.
So the racing network that I got here, HP I they've been showing the best harness and thoroughbred races of the last year.
I mean, you talk about dying and going to heaven.
You're just hanging out watching the whole day, weren't you?
No, not all day.
I told you I was at woodbind for a part of the day and I want to came home.
I did watch a lot of that.
I love it.
Anyway, let's see a Tom Brady.
I said he's getting laid.
OJ a six big brown six in the Tampa Bay raised to that shouldn't be on there.
That's his jealousy just like all the Patriots stuff just jealousy.
All you sports fans.
Oh, you guys suck you guys.
Yeah.
We'll see what happens on Sunday, won't we?
In fact, where's the emails telling me that I should root for the dolphins? Wait till you hear this.
Neil, this should be a good reason for you to root for the dolphins this week.
No, it will not happen.
Word is when he's in the sale of majority interest to Steven Ross, he's in the will keep 5% should be finalized December 30th if the dolphins miss the playoffs and after the playoffs otherwise.
Waiting until January would cost he's in the $20 million and more additional taxes, but he must accept that timetable if Miami makes the playoffs unless both men change the contract.
And he's made the way for you to do that.
According to this, I don't care what the, you know, he's not going to miss any meals.
Okay.
I'm not worried about his finances. Okay. I'm worried about my finances. I'm worried about fat Chris's finances, which there aren't any.
You can't have any finances when you don't have any money.
Q.A.M. Hello.
I said I said crank line.
He's back. He's back to line 9 again.
Now, what would be the point in that?
What was the point? You're asking what's the point with him?
No, that's true. Good point.
That's the point.
No, I'm not rooting for him. In fact, I hope the jets win like about 97 to three would be good.
That wouldn't be high enough, but you know, let's give realistic like that game in Jacksonville.
Where the hell did that game get played?
Jacksonville.
It wasn't Jacksonville, but they lost 73 to 60, whatever.
62 to 70.
62 to 70.
I thought it was 148 to 7.
That would make me happy.
Even though I hate the jets like poison and their fans and the whole ambiance and Brett Farb, I despise them.
But I hope they win 600 to 3.
See, I'm giving you the 3.
Like a chip shot field goal, you know.
That's it. You still kind.
Well, I'm not going to pretend they make believe.
They turned me off, man. They made me sour with that organization.
They're like a bunch of good stoppo up there in the press box.
For you, that's like garbage.
And then of course, the fans when I spend all that money to go to all those games for years and man.
What a bunch of goofballs.
Oh, come on.
It's a new regime.
Get back on the new regime.
My ass.
Same bunch of winers and losers.
Oh, gee, what a big turn around.
Yeah, okay.
We'll see. We'll see when they start playing some real teams.
What happens?
Who's the last real team they played?
Our almost real team was the Patriots.
And what was the final score of that second Patriots game? 175 to nothing?
Are we forgetting the first Patriots game?
Or were we just wiping that out of the game?
The second Patriots game.
That's ancient history of the first Patriots game.
Okay.
We're talking the most recent, recent history.
Because you didn't hear the part that I said when's the last almost real team they played.
And they got walloped.
They got wampth.
And then Jimmy with that great call.
Oh, it's another touchdown for the Patriots.
That was that was almost as bad as the one you played the other day.
The one you played about number 19.
How can that be?
How is it possible that this exists?
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
It's it's like it's like having a really nasty ball movement and asking yourself,
how is it possible that this is part of my life?
And the same thing with that call that he made.
How can he be doing those games?
How is this possible?
Who is he servicing to be to be on those games?
That's what I would like to know.
Don't you wonder that?
I've never wondered that.
Well, aren't you going to start wondering it now?
No, because I don't want to know.
You're going to spend the whole between now and new years wondering,
who is Jimmy Syphilitic servicing to get that job?
Definitely not.
You'll be thinking about it 24-7.
Round the clock.
Rhymes with sock.
Adam Kirschner, the fake Adam, I'm sure.
I don't know if it I don't know anymore.
Are you going to tune to 92.9 on Friday here, Jimmy Syphilis and Stereo?
Well, guess what?
Adam's surprise.
It's not Jimmy Syphilis.
We headed on Wednesday.
We had the story.
It's a new music format.
Another piece of crap.
Same old garbage.
It's more really going to 790.
Don't look like it.
And then the fake Adam says he's not really bad if he'd loosen up a little bit.
But when he first came to town, he took himself too seriously.
When he first came to town, what about when he left?
He made for an uncomfortable tension on the air in the games with Mandage.
I would still vote for him to take over for Jimmy on the dolphin games.
Yeah, I agree with that.
And I said that the other day.
Toot toot toot toot.
Lowest 4,000 times the sports guy.
Because he's a broadcaster.
Maybe not the best, but at least he's a brand once upon a time was damn good.
When he was doing those Monday night games for Westwood one,
he was one of my favorites.
He was good before I knew him and what an A-hole he is.
And then this goes on.
It says from what I've heard all that the Bubba loves bunch does is have Hulk Hogan on every five minutes.
And when he isn't talking about Hogan, he's talking crap about Todd Schmidt,
the Yahoo's in Tampa seemed to love him.
Well, happy holidays, Adam.
Real or imaginary.
Whoever you are.
See, that's the thing with the emails.
You don't know who you're talking to.
And the emails in the calls.
We've discussed this off there.
It's pretty much the same people.
And I don't want to sound like an old crabby cynic at the age of 66.
But I will tell you this, what I've discovered is I've gone through life is that most people are morons.
Even a lot of the nice ones are dumb.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Being a moron doesn't necessarily make you a bad person.
It just makes you dumb.
Now, would you agree with me that there are a lot more dumb people than there are like smart, like Frado?
More dumb than smart.
Nowadays, yes.
As opposed to when?
Well, I mean, I don't know what it was like when you were my age,
but it seems like as I'm getting older, the people are getting dumber.
Yeah.
Like when I was a kid.
It was the dumbing of America.
Yeah, when I was a kid, you know, you had more smart calls.
Look at the emails.
Listen to, I'm your friend.
Listen to what we get on the phone.
That's a reflection.
It's like a mirror of what's out there.
It's not just one or two goofballs.
It's a mirror of what's going on on the outside.
These people are loose.
Q-A-M. Hello.
And it's real.
See what I mean?
Q-A-M. Hello.
Q-A-M. Hello.
How are you doing today?
Okay. How are you doing?
Wonderful.
Here, I have a question.
They're all joking aside.
Whatever happened to Dave Gamer?
What do you mean, all joking aside?
What does that mean?
I don't want to start a prank.
How would I know what happened to Dave Gamer?
I have no idea.
Okay. Thank you.
Maybe he exploded.
Okay.
You're welcome.
Wow.
There you go.
Isn't that something you're going to do?
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
Oh, this is just a pro-sec run fan.
I would have read the last sentence.
Oh, love 94.
What is this?
Oh, dear listeners to love 94.
This is from the team channel.
Thank you for your loyalty and support of love 94.
We were very proud in the last 18 years.
And the way we've served our listeners, our advertisers,
and South Florida.
Like all good things, this version of 93.9 is coming to an end.
However, we hope you'll give the new 93.9 a try.
You may find you like the new station as much as you did the format of the former Law 94.
If you're still on the list of the many great artists we've featured on Love 94 over the
years, we'll be launching the station in the new digital world of HD radio, which nobody
has.
We will have more information on when and how you can listen to Love 94 in digital in the
coming weeks.
So, please check back after the holidays until then.
Thank you for your support and we'll be back in HD soon.
Love 94.
Not even a name.
Love 94, like the station is anthropomorphic and all that it's a living and breathing thing.
And now somebody sends me from the Sun Centrel, the article about the station changes formats.
Like, I don't know this.
And here are the comments.
Somebody says I've been listening to Love 94 for years.
It's a huge disappointment for the past few weeks.
They've been playing Christmas songs which brings me back to the days of my childhood.
This afternoon I turned on the radio so my family and I can enjoy the relaxing sounds of
the holiday season.
Instead, I heard Nelly Wotser face singing one of those songs, why 100 plays two times.
You know, Nelly Wotser face?
I would guess that's Nelly Frittado.
Canadian A.
Neil, go see Marley and me the movie you love it.
It's not the kind of movie you think it is.
Marley and me is like a Marley and Scrooge.
No, it's about Marley.
No, it's Jennifer Aniston and I'm forgetting the Owen Wilson about their relationship and
a dog.
Marley is the dog.
Oh, the fake Jim Sarni says my former counterpart Barry left something out of his story this morning
while the ticket is adding well-known syndicated host Tony Bruno show at night who laughs like a
hyena by the way.
It was Joe Bell and we had the idea first.
However, after 790 got winded what Joe was up to, they moved in and out negotiated them.
Also my good track buddy Hank tells me that Joe and Clarence told the A. He could continue
to do a show for 50 bucks a show.
Are they serious?
Sign the fake Jim Sarni.
50 bucks a show.
And believe me for those ratings he's getting I think that's a little over price.
The biggest name.
The best.
The best.
So my dog is new Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's Friday you best dude.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
You were also five years back in Inverter,
you were calling birdc Li Variante,
yeah, yeah you were so lucky now that you're home.
itlife
Oh, you're out of touch, Neil. You don't understand downtown Miami's made this great revitalization
and come back. Buh, buh, buh, buh. Okay, good. Enjoy it. Enjoy it. Leave me out.
GrumpyFark says, Neil, it looks like your source about 790 going with syndicated programming
was right. They were just off by about 12 hours. It'll be from 10 p.m. to 1 a.m. instead
of 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. By the way, as soon as the labaster leaves 790, it's history. He's
all they've got. That's correct. He's the only one over there with numbers. The rest
of the day, in my swell, shut the transmitter down and talk about saving some cash.
Come on, Barry. Why don't you suggest that to your good buddy Howard Davis over there
since you're in constant touch with him 25.8. Come on, Barry. Shut it down, except the
bastard. Put him on as long as he can handle it every day until he burns out about a week.
Fake clearance, by the way, is back with us. Nothing about you. Well, that's good, I think.
If you're left out, not at all. Mr. Heising has sent over Jimmy's knee pads to me today,
says fake clearance. Would you be so kind as to pass along to Jimmy so he can pick up his
knee pads after the beast finishes with them. Thanks. Signed fake clearance. Is
clearance there today, by the way, no way? No, not till Monday. Not till Monday? So,
flea is running to place. Is that it? Correct. I think flea is doing a bloodless
coup. I could be wrong, but I think he's taken over. You better watch your ass, clearance.
I think flea is moving your ass out. And I vote for that. Hallelujah. Flea, at least,
flea not only is just a friend of this show, but at least he recognizes we're on the
air as opposed to your fake friend, clearance. The last day you're there, if you get another
job somewhere, the last day you're there, once you've gotten the last paycheck, I would
go in there, drop my pants and take a gigantic wild diarrhea dump on clearance's desk.
Okay. Making sure that it runs down in his direction. You know what I'm saying? You
want to try and spell Neil? What? I want to try to spell Neil. What is that? Oh, yeah,
right. That's a good idea. It's kind of like a Frankie Pentangely. Michael Coyleon says,
hello. Remember that? Yep. Send him a message from me. Only in this case it would be very sincere
and very legitimate. Jupiter ducks is Neil absolutely corrects her Americans,
dumb as dirt, electing baby Bush again in 2004. It's all you need to know about today's US
citizens. Like that British paper on the bottom of our website is how can 48 million or whatever
was Americans be so stupid? Thank you for all the years of great radio. Keep it up in the
show too. Oh, yeah, but we can't play those bits and we can't do it about about, you know,
that crowd man, those people that, just going to drag yourself crazy, living in the past,
wanting to resurrect something that's not coming back. It ain't going to happen. It's
not going to happen. I can live with his logs and get paid twice a month. That's all. I
don't know the circumstances. And look at today. Here it is almost 11, 30 and already. I
still haven't played one segment of bits. Have I? Nope. We've done like a regular show.
Now I can take all those calls like that jerk keeps telling me to do on the emails. The only
problem is there aren't any. There aren't any. Here, let me prove it to you. I can go down
all the lines, but that would be, that would be mealing it in. I could punch up line eight,
which doesn't work anymore because see that they wanted to save some cash. Q. I. M. Hello.
I. My hot lagandie says, above the loves bunches, a typical redneck. His redneck humor is
intolerable. For example, he has a famous bit where they attach some kind of wiring to the
person's intimate areas and their shocked with electricity. Real great stuff. Not. But
South Florida morning radio is so awful that he'll be successful here. No doubt. And that
email was right about Hulk. And he's practically on every week in the segments revolve around
how great Hulk is and his evil ex how evil is ex-wife is for divorcing him. Hulk.
If I ever see him again, it'll be much too soon. Have you seen that the so-called reality show
that he's got? Oh, yeah. The whole thing is best. Oh. And I think Brooke has one now by herself.
Really? Bad little brook. You mean his daughter broke or his ex-wife? No, his daughter.
We've got her. I want the gay son. Is he got one? Not yet. See, those wrestlers,
what I tell you about professional wrestlers. Gay. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil. Good morning, sir. I just want to call you. Happy holidays, Neil.
I love your show, man. You look good. Thanks a lot, pal. Have a good one, Neil. And back,
back, have a great the 2009. For 101 votes on the poll, would you say our goal was for 100? Let's go home.
Later. I can call my cabbie. He can be at the door in five minutes and off to would buy him.
Win another 80 billion dollars. Boy, I sure was lucky yesterday. Christmas day. The Lord was
looking down on my fat ass and said, Hey, here's a few bucks for old. Oh, God. That's right.
Thanks, God. Oh, my goodness. The world and its religions, all of it, the great religions of
the world. There are no great religions. There were one in vent one. Let me know what it is.
Q.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello. You get paid for this, sir? Sir, sir. What do you need? A life
transplant, sir? This is what Q.A.M. paid you for. Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil, happy new year to you. Back to you, sir. I'd have to say, though, on the
pure talent, Howard Davis is a much better broadcast. Or he's a jerk as a person.
And it would be great to hear his voice on the air again as far as just doing the ball.
Better broadcast than Jimmy. I'm sorry. Better broadcast than Jimmy Cifalus.
Oh, much better than Jimmy. Is there any doubt about that? No, but he's all from pure talent.
I mean, as far as being able to listen to it and not fall asleep, it's great.
And I don't know what's going on with Chris, but I hope you don't lose your job. I think you do a
great job. You lost the ball, go. Goodbye. What was that? That was a cheap shot at you.
Well, you didn't lose the pool. He won the pool by a million miles by a mile. He had like 140.
Let's see the previous pool. What a jerk. 120 votes and Curtis had 40. I mean, none of the above
doesn't count what the hell is that? That's is that like competition? No. You lost the pool, by the way.
By another jackass, another sour ass. My god, probably most boyfriend,
who surprised me and all sounded like him. Probably the same hair piece. I wonder if the doctor
performed the surgery on this guy's hair piece is the same guy doctor performed the surgery on
Jay's feelers. You think what a nasty shot. And just in time for the holidays, take a shot at
poor fat Chris. Nice. You're 60 QAM. I have a nice shot.
Fourth leader. College football drama unfolds tomorrow.
Check this out. The court is going to run it. That's side. He's got the 10-year-old.
He's got the 10-year-old. He's got the 10-year-old.
The court is going to run it. Randy Shannon leaks the Miami hurricanes against the Cal bears
and the Emerald Bulls. The hurricane standay starts at 4 p.m. live from 18th
San Francisco. Kick up his set for 8 p.m. here on sports radio 560 QAM.
See, don't rejoin. How about the leader was supposed to attack?
It was supposed to start, but it didn't. What? The sports leader was supposed to go.
We don't need the sports leader. You can take the sports leader and stick him up.
Johnny Joe's fat ass. Okay. No, thank you. My God.
Clarence, I'm telling you. Clarence needs to be horse whipped.
Bakered. Baker acted. Oh, look at this. I closed the pile.
That's okay. It's a holiday anyway. Screw it.
I'm going to get a ride on the beach.
I'm going to get a ride on the beach.
I'm going to get a ride on the beach.
I'm going to get a ride on the beach.
I'm going to get a ride on the beach.
I'm going to get a ride on the beach.
One, next thing we knew, OJ went on a low speed.
Run the ride.
Now he's in an L.A. jail charge for double on the side.
And I believe it's first degree.
Murder is guilty of.
It's because.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
For what he's called.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Love it.
32. Here comes a great email.
I'm printing it out right now about Miami and how wonderful it is.
Let me say it again.
If you're happy there, I'm happy for you.
Okay. Enjoy it.
Soak up the sunshine.
Love it. Live it.
Better you than me. That's all.
I had enough. You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
I had enough.
Because the same people who make these phone calls and send these emails, those are the ones who live there.
Like I've said, there's nothing wrong with South Florida that couldn't be cured by a people transplant.
It says from hothead, subject, trashing.
You can trash Miami all you want. The fact remains that it remains one of the best places to live.
Here's a sirens coming to take this guy away. You heard it?
No.
You can't hear him?
No, I can't hear him this time.
I'm usually I do, but I can't hear him this time.
If you were to take a survey in Miami, Toronto or anywhere in the country asking if family, friends, jobs, and not a consideration, where would you rather live?
The vast majority would say Miami.
Your taste for hog city is anything but mainstream, although you obviously have a natural affinity for that region since you were born and raised nearby.
And of course, your listeners are brainwashed by your constant spewing.
I have an affinity for this area because I was born across the lake and Rochester. What's that got to do with Toronto? It's a great city.
It's a real world-class city. It's a real metropolis. It's a real place.
Not just with three basic ethnic groups who hate each other like poison, but nevertheless.
So in other words, I can't like it here.
Misery loves company. I'm supposed to be there and pretend I like it and supposed to be in some place I do like.
Hey, just because it's your life doesn't mean it's for you to enjoy, all right?
That's right. And my affinity for Toronto is anything but mainstream. What does that mean?
Anything but means? Who the hell ever said I wanted to be mainstream in the first place? Is this show ever been mainstream?
No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Hothead, idiot.
And it's people like you who make me not want to be more than a couple days at a time.
I can handle four or five days here and there. Just fine.
But other than that, forget about it. Not my kind of town.
Oh, how can you say that you're constantly spewing brain and I'm not brainwashing anybody people know what a place is by their life by their everyday experiences by the people they interact with by the the whole deal.
Am I right? Absolutely. It's not the Vatable. If somebody's unhappy in Ojas, it's not because Neorages went on a radio and said Ojas is an outdoor sewer.
Q. A. M. Hello. Q. A. M. Hello. You talk about that key. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you ever tried to bossy. Yeah, what do you think? Jam, Jamson killed bossy in your and the phone too.
If you would take the calls, Neil, you'll see I'd dare you. There aren't any right now. That was a medley of our two calls right there. Oh, but Miami is wonderful.
They are you just aren't interacting with the right people with the plastic a holes on South Beach. That's right. With all the jewelry laden plastic a holes on South Beach. I'm not saying there aren't a few nice people on South Beach. I'm just not sure.
Do you think there are? I mean, just by the other side of us, most is the law of averages. There got to be some lots of jewelry, lots of fake lots of posing and that's that's what it's all about.
You're wrong. You'll downtown is good. Sell it to somebody else. Sell it to somebody who might buy it, who hasn't had like 30 years of it.
And seeing the way degraded from a once a pretty once upon a time, I really enjoyed it. It was fine. It was fun. It was great.
Here's one from Rob who says, Bubba loves bunch makes jazz. McKay sound like Einstein horrible, but he does hate smitten so we can't be all that bad. Whatever happened to the Chris Baker drop smelly bitch. I have no idea. Anyway, good luck to you and Kripp fat Chris in 2000. Thanks, Rob. Have a happy Q. I am. Hello.
Yes. You go off and you broke up at house. Everybody is.
The old. You like hard who doesn't take a breath. He just keeps talking. Wow, what happened? I think you got cut off. Maybe his phone died. Haven't heard from no wish we he would die.
I don't think it'll be much longer form. I held him alive forever. Old nasty bastards like that. They live forever. You'll see I will. Larry says Dave game is alive and fat in Los Angeles on WCIX TV. Wow. They took the call letters from what used to be channel six in Miami WCIX and they moved to a tie. I probably just for him to get him on the screen.
If you want to see me putting on earthquakes, here's a YouTube video. I know you won't open. I did not the thanks Larry. There's some information for you. How do you like that? You got a lot of game in our audience came through for you. That old guy is great. I wish he would call every day. We get a 90's here. We could have a segment. The old troll calls in. Can you imagine? Can you see him? Can you visualize him? It. I'd rather not. Oh, yeah. Think about it.
Kill their old man Walker. Hey, let people talk. Jack. Yeah. Oh, that was it. Nothing to say. Let people talk. Okay. Well, you know what? When you start having something to say, I'll let you talk in your case. You didn't. WQ way. I'm hello. I call every day. Okay. What do you want to say? You're only. You're all only call or I'll get on to. I said I don't. Yeah, and. And you had a good time with me. Now. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I'd. I
'd. I'd. I'd say. Clearly likely. I'd but you and I'd. I'd. They've sp Right on my head. They've sp Right on my head. They've sp Ready Dough entendeu. All right. Okay. Remember all right by watching her playing Cocoa. Oh I'm not sure. But hold on,
Signal just got better when he actually put it by the radio as opposed to
Like that which I can do that myself. I'll need his help
423 votes on a poll biggest loser of 2008 John McCain 110 burning made off 81
Patriots 42
Oh, that's just sour grapes again sour grapes
We'll see we'll see what happens on Sunday when those jets and dolphins who hate each other like like poison
Like absolute poison now where's that game is that in the middlelands correct? Oh, no
Not in the frozen tundra of the middlelands. Oh, it's not gonna be that bad. It's not gonna snow. I don't think
Gonna be like about yeah, this thing is gonna be a
It's gonna be higher than it was last week. Yeah
Meaning what it's not gonna be as cold and fridges as as there wasn't Kansas City. Did you say frigid?
frigid you better call Joyce and see if we can say that
The extra
The fourth leader
The biggest names the best talent if the madard
sports radio 560 QAM the sports leader
She can get on her knees and do what you like
She can do you in high heels with six inch high spikes
You'd like her to with you what she has underneath
Spank a butt like a child cuz she's always a girl girl to me
Rectum under covers with style she's a cute
She'll take your personal check master card or your visa
She'll call up your wife if you can pay her fee
She'll blackmail your blind but she's always a call girl to me
Well as you got the cash she will make if you want
You'll be first in her line
You'll see always what
When you only want in
But she's watching the time
She can kill politicians with candid affection
As they say in Chinese you might lose any reaction
While your front page and tabloids she's on her shopping spree
Label her first class hooker, but that sounds like a call girl to me
Oh
14 to 65 62 and here we are almost two hours didn't play the rack at all yet
Although I'm thinking about it look at that phone any calls on here. No, of course. I'm your friend. It's it's his show today
Am I right? He's basically and then of course the old crotchety guy
The guy
And what else anything else memorable no no
Take some calls take the calls all day we challenge you. What were they five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
We're all your holiday greetings happy new year to you and the staff at QAM guys and like that, you know
We had a couple of those
In fact, you know what the really scary thing of it is over the whole holiday thing the maybe five or six people
Took the time to send emails saying you know wish you a happy holidays like like that
Not that I celebrate these holidays and they know that but nevertheless
Just out of common, you know extended the gland of friendship nothing
hostile
You're so negative about Miami knew you're so wrong
Here's one from a clearance to follow up. Please forgive me. I forgot to let that
A fat blubber ass christineau how much I hate him see him on day fat. So it says the fake clearance
Oh, here's one Marley about Marley
Neil men women teenagers children were openly weeping at the end of Marley and me
They were openly weeping much I do at the end of the show just about every day openly we
Because it was so good. It's about a dog. I just I I am defeated. It's something about a dog. Yeah, Marley is a dog
QAM hello. Yeah, I'm QAM hello
If you move to Florida and you're not prejudice give yourself one week and you'll be prejudice
I can't do it in the world. Yes
It is it's horrible and
No, I'm just saying it's a horrible place
I agree if the Spanish people do not make you prejudice instantly there's something wrong
I see they're the worst
Okay, well thanks for your bigoted comment
Bigot
Thank you, but yeah, I knew that's where he was going
I just wanted to draw it out him at this time of the year when people are so wonderful to each other
And goodwill I keep talking about that it doesn't exist in South Florida. It's an intolerable place
QAM hello
Hola
QAM hello. I'm glad you're my friend QAM hello
Hello hello yes
Yes, is it Neil yes, it is
Neil happy holidays and back to you
Um, I was hearing a couple of months ago you were talking about arms for dumb
That you didn't like it anymore. I was just wondering why
I didn't say I didn't like it anymore. I said it's not what it used to be and there were times of the year when you go there
When they're only the Dutchman there and it's a crappy place
Yeah, why? I think they cleaned up a lot though lately
You know, it didn't need cleaning up that the only thing needed cleaning up and get all those rusted drug dealers off the streets
Other than that there's nothing else needed to be cleaned up
Oh, okay, what they're trying what they're trying to do is sanitize it like time square
And then that obviously takes away the attraction most people go there because it's wide open and it's fun
And they can screw around to whatever they want that that's why people go there
Yeah
Well anyway, listen you have a
A customer's new year and same to you take with you later. Toad scenes. Oh, why? Toad scenes. Do we?
What's toad scenes means to deal yes, sir
Hey, I think all these about back to you sir
Man, let me tell you what agar with the crap out of me right ahead
I'm getting off the saw grass and they want 50 sets. I don't I don't carry a change per surround me
Who carries change around these days, man? I mean they need to do something different here like people who drive cars
They have like a little compartment and they put quarters and change and stuff people who drive cars and know that they're going to be driving on a
Full road those are the people who do that
People without floors should have a sun pass that that's right if you have your double sun pass
You should have change if you're going to drive on a road where you know that there's going to be a toll
What do you expect them to say oh look go ahead? We don't expect you to have a change purse
Hi, but you get on there and it's 50 cents and you get off in a 70% now like you carry in five quarters around
If you need to do something different like have a change miss you
I would take that that'd be great
But some of these automated ones you can only put quarters in yeah, you don't have enough nice suggestions
Don't call on the sawgrass that's a great idea
Good on you too, huh? I know that took a lot of thought but
It's one of those things
439 votes on the poll. I'm not reading the result till of the SN. Oh an article from the star
Happy holidays to my friend Ken and Tobico, but I don't want any articles from the star or any old articles about the unmentioned
Able one which you know I already know
Here's one that says I think the polls are great one, but I have to dispute the choices some of the voters made
I say up front. I voted for the Patriots. I was born and raised in New England
Honestly, feel like they choked big time in the Super Bowl
Yeah, the defense just stopped playing with a couple minutes left
But as far as mechanis concerned, I think he's been a loser for a lot longer than 2008 and as far as made-offs
This guy's given a rundown on a whole thing
I would rank the big three as bigger losers. Oh my god and perhaps the biggest loses of all the taxpayers as Jean and Sabre
Jean have a great new year and just calm down
Wow
On and on and on and on I could read it all, but it would just kill some time. I'd rather play the rack
442 votes on your poll. What's it go 550 sounds good to me and that's what I said 600. I'm thinking what
6 on over there
600
You'll see you have little faith. We'll see
600 on the day after Christmas unboxing day and all that and then anyway everybody's taking crap back to the store
Is there all Russian just going nuts? You think it's nuts when they're like going to buy stuff when they go to take it back
That's when it really gets bad
And we're talking to ourselves today anyway. I'm looking at the aesthetics
On the see this should have been a day off for us
Just clearance here today no jolly joe there. No should have been day off for us to ask Lee how come we're working today
You know, it's kind of funny. What's that that we got the memo on Tuesday or Wednesday or whatever was I guess Tuesday saying that we're closing down to two on
Wednesday and then we're open normal hours today
But yet none of the higher ups are here
Unless because they're higher ups and they can do whatever they want to do I guess they will and they do
Q.I.M. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Hey tell you would think these bastards of Florida or third chief they are at the sunbash
You say 25% on your toll. Yeah, chief bastards
Have a happy holidays. You're at the work twice as hard next year to make the same money
Right, okay, good luck. I have a great one Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hola
Hey, hello. Yeah
Moly and me the dog dies at the end. Oh, that's bad. Can you believe that this guy what a jerk I dumped it. Yeah, I thought it I
I dumped it. This guy wants to spoil a movie
What a jerk what an idiot
I'm not gonna go see it though
I
Don't want to see a sad movie about a dog. Oh, you got to see it Neil. You'll love it. Well, I'll wait
I'll wait a couple of years till it comes on cable for free and I'll sit and have a good cry if I'm still if I'm still breathing
What a jerk
Causing gives a spoiler on the ending of the movie. What a what a jackass
What a Johnny joke off
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
Oh, Neil. Yes, sir
I was wondering about
Canada's laws on marijuana. I remember so like a year ago
We can why is having a little bit on you. Is that right? No
How they do? No like Toronto or when they get no
Oh, I'm a steak. Hi
Thank you. People smoke it openly here. They got more important things to worry about than people smoke
Someday we're gonna have that too Neil
No, you're wrong. All right man. Have a good day. Good luck to you. No, you want you live in the fastest, the USA, sir
We got the pot police and we got the
DEA and all the and the medical marijuana medicinal marijuana
That's not good either because no matter how many states pass the laws states rights go down the toilet then
Because the federal government sends in the DEA and they bust everybody and you go to jail for a hundred years
Because they're the drug police. That's what America's all about the whole of the whole we're on drugs is the biggest waste of money
Billions and billions of dollars while most of you people don't have two nickels to rub together now because we're in a big depression
Thank you mr
President for the leaving us this great depression by the way
Thank you so much
For leaving us a worldwide depression at the end of your horrible night mirror's rain
But then again like the guy before said a lot of stupid people voted back in in 2004 unacceptable
Unbelieveable
What they need to do come and take a dump on your doorstep to convince you that maybe we shouldn't have had him in there again
Is that what you needed to do perhaps absolutely yeah
And believe me he could have done a teaching every one of your cuz he's full of it. He's got that much
He's got an endless supply of bull crap
El Presidente
How's the market doing the old nine Aztecs down a couple S&P is up three points
Oh, I got Marley in me on there now. Did you see it? Are you gonna go see it? I haven't seen it. Who knows maybe
It was shot down here for part of it, but now you know the ending
Yeah, what a bastard what a jerk what a
12 cents on Sirius it's hanging right in there. I'm mighty proud of you people at Sirius you're hanging right in there with your
12 cent ice-coast
The biggest names
You're listening to sports radio
60 WQ AM
I am frail alien
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
Hey, I'm gonna Easter hour
Here's a lion's misson
It took a hell of a man to take my hand but shouldn't take it long
I like that. Yeah, she ain't much to see but she looks good through the bottom of a glass. Oh, yeah
I've heard that one. That's a good one. I wouldn't take you to a dogfight even if I thought you could win
Don't cry down my back baby you might rust my spurs
If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you
Here's a good one
If you get the feeling that I don't love you feel again
Here's one
Obviously, there's some guy singing this song and he's in some cheap fluzey's bedroom at the time
I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave
Ha
That kind of sums up our situation here at W. All-ass too
Shame to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave. We'll just take the money. Thank you
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart
Oh, I want to hear it
Okay, you really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this, you know how much drinking they've been doing
It's the bottle against the bible and the battle for daddy's soul
Here's what I really like
It's commode hug and time in the valley
Ha
If you want to keep the beer real cold put it next to my ex-wife's heart
My wife ran off with my best friend and I miss him
It seems Britney Spears legal team has finally had enough senator Hillary Clinton was truly emotional at a midday event in
Dover police arrive at Britney's home where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically inside a locked bathroom a
Possible break during the two month old virus ride Roger Clemens fires back the baseball great denies charges of using steroids and human growth hormone
Gordon-Baktoni Roma who did not play very well against the giants is getting blasted in Dallas for spending last weekend in combo with girlfriend and bad luck charm
Jessy the simpson Britney Spears still isn't allowed to visit her children of ID for the democratic lead Obama and Clinton took the gloves on
New England Patriots are gonna be 18 and oh going into the Super Bowl
Well the Boston Globe is so confident the Patriots will win the Super Bowl their sports staff has already written a book about the team's perfect
Season
It's day four for Britney Spears at UCLA Medical Center on involuntary psychiatric
Hole Amy Winehouse they tried to make it go to rehab and now she has Hillary Clinton knows she has to turn the time
349 for a gallon of regular unlettered gas Tysa record New York governor Elliott Spitzer
Apologizes after being linked to a major prostitution ring former Ville Paul McCartney is paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills
Senator Hillary Clinton is backing away from her story that she came under sniper fire during the trip to Bosnia as first lady
Richie Zambore the lead guitarist for bunjoby is out of jail this morning after being arrested for drunk driving
We now know who the democratic nominee is gonna be and no one's gonna dispute it three tornadoes of left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia
Devastated Miley Cyrus topless if the democratic nomination battle is supposedly over somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton
All right day two of the R Kelly Charles for anography trail senator Edward Kennedy has been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor
It was so hot I saw Amy Winehouse smoking a
Cragsicle for one week from today Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to become the democratic nominee
Unveiling of the iPhone 2.0 at least two dozen people have been hostileized after eating contaminated rock tomatoes
As a result of his sudden and unexpected death
He's being more like a precedent or a Pope Tim Russell died on Friday just 50 years old
Triple A reinforced the average price of unleaded regular is now for
Oh, seven he taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the stuff we have
Comic-Guy con George Carlin has passed away you're not the only one getting hit by high gas prices
Many prostitution houses are also hurting some media reports had suggested a rod may be romantically linked with singer Madonna
30 active wildfires in
California and thousands of homes are threatened although not nearly as many homes
There's written by countrywide Morgan triple Aces the national average run lettered regulators about 411 a gallon
And how does your bullish has agreed to a $52 billion takeover mortgage giants fanny
They had Freddie Mac are getting help from the Treasury Department of bailout and canine cuisine will be all the limits at some restaurants during next month's
Olympic games in Beijing general motorists in trouble bread farbs says he doesn't feel welcome in green Bay
An Angelina Jolie news and the baby twins will they finally left the hospital in these france over the weekend
Senator John McCain is jumping all over Obama former presidential hopeful John Edwards is now responding to a tabloid report that he had an affair
Edward says this is simply not true. You're not allowed to streak in Beijing for the Olympics
Federal investigators want to know what Mary Kate Ashland knows about the death of her friend he fledger one of the most important qualities in the next
Press in the United States is to be very very very old the woman John Edward says he had to fair with is
Refusing to have a paternity test on her young child swimming scene on Michael Phelps quest for perfection
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska David to company has voluntarily checked himself into a rehab facility for
sex addiction you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska
Don't let Fontaine who was arguably the best voiceover guy ever as passed away
You can put lipstick on a pig
It's still a pig. The United Airlines is doubling its fee to check a second bag on domestic flights
Clayagan makes the most unsurprising announcements in years
Yep, I'm gay McCain doesn't think the current bailout proposal will pass
We're a couple of mavericks gosh darn it Obama has his first clear lead over John McCain Paul Lumin's legacy will live on for a year
The Dow dropped almost 780 points
The race move on to the world series to take on they fill it off the affiliate sir a pale and going rogue
Governor sir a pale and distilled defending herself over the 150,000 dollar war drove the Republican National Committee
Water and CNN cannot project it for Barack Obama
47 years old will become the president elect of the United States you know the challenges the tomorrow will break
The greatest of our lifetime leaders from the big three automakers were back on Capitol Hill today working to secure a massive bailout
The art giant star receiver Plexico Burris is being charged with a crime
I'm giving myself an leg it a deadly face off and will buy India continues to unfold Las Vegas judge Jackie Glass rejected since
In apology and sentenced him up to 33 years in prison nationwide average for a gallon of regular and littered is now a dollar
72 Oprah Winfrey opens about the recent weight game Michael Jackson's famous littering glove is going on the auction block
The house has passed the big three auto bailout bill
The economy is so bad it's gone ahead today for the new Trump trailer park that's not bad
Yeah
It's all over
We'll take a cup of
So let me ask what happened at the end of that movie. I'm sorry. So did you see this? I?
Like that. That's a good job there and I'm on time you don't like it. No, I like this and did I do a good job on
Whatever day it was Wednesday of smearing the disc so it isn't skipping and hopping and jumping and puking that was bad
It was smeared. Boca dropped some of his hair gel on it
So did you see my birthday card my annual I'm not birthday or Christmas card from Dave Johnson?
Uh, I think I did the one where he's having lunch with Barack Obama. Yes, I did
Every year Dave has these great Christmas reading cards and then they always with somebody really a famous and important
One time with Hank. Did you ever see that one where they have the top hats and the tails?
Not until as Scott in England. What? No, I didn't see that one. Oh, you would love that
460 votes were on a holding pattern on the pool. I thought we'd do 600 easy today
Easy and of course now I'm moving into the segue
Because I listened to the calls and I what do you think on a scale of zero
There were three or four like coherent people on there right? Yeah, I wanted to and we're also like about a hundred
I'm your friend. I've got friends that
I'm not doing a show for him. Okay. I'm not doing the whole show just for that
If that's your idea of how much you enjoy the calls call him up at home
We'll give you his phone number on the year and you guys could have a wonderful conversation
That is not my idea of great or even mediocre radio. That's my idea of an abortion
Grab the right to life people
Picking outside the building if we keep putting that crap on here. I'm your friend
All I got to do is get him and put him in a rubber room somewhere and we be okay on the phone
Because all the others put together don't even come close to I'm your friend
464 we just had a little chunk. You have a little chunk. Mm-hmm. I guess where I'm going at two o'clock by the way on the day after Christmas
Yeah, I like it
You know it reminds me of it's like the same thing with Miami. I don't want to live
I've got my house there. I come and visit every now and then periodically
But I don't want to live there. I don't want to spend the rest of my life in with just the whole ambiance
And there is no Miami. They're just a bunch of bedroom towns. I've said that for a zillion years
Just disconnected. They have nothing to do with each other
Pembroke pines and
Plantation and Pindle and the Ojas, you know, they just a bunch of unconnected
towns
Sweetwater
Right
Correct and they have nothing to do with each other moral cables coconut grove
Tamarack sunrise sunrise lakes
Uh-huh
Poppano Delray Beach deer field beach it's just a long strip of Akandos
And like I said, there's nothing wrong with the uh the weather is fine
Would I rather be in that weather than than here right now you bet
But am I gonna make this sacrifice of giving up living and breathing civilized people here and believe me this ain't no perfection
Just like that jerk uh the hind guy with that email. Oh
We're trying to get you to do a perfect show. You're a perfect idiot
I take back what I said about nothing is perfect. He's a perfect idiot and we speak to many other perfect idiots as well
I just don't want the I don't want my
Life to be besmirched by creatures like that
You can relate to that can't you well of course you're stuck there. The big money you're making
Clarence comes back on Monday. I've achieved. He's got some real exciting news about plans. He's got food
Big plan
Big fourth leader
It's a
Show wing nights for me to
50 bucks in Sean's baby
The manager told me yeah that I was right out of my head and then he said feel handry was using a voice instead such life
I didn't listen to his jive. I knew all along. He was all wrong and I knew that he thought are you sure?
Then I was crazy, but I'm not oh no. Yeah, but wait. Yeah, but wait a second the manager told me
Yeah, then I was a little confused and I said hey Bobby. Yep. I didn't call to get abused this way
I heard a show just the other day. I think you ought to know what he did on his show
I was very up all
That's the reason why call yeah, but let me say something for us. Let me say something
This woman named Margaret Paul to show quite a lot and I don't want to listen to that suck up
Bulls not I know you think bill is a genius
And that it's okay. I can feel that way, but you would I say I didn't think it was a bit funny
Especially when he talked about the aborted baby
It says with the cock that saw some top. Yeah, but are did you uh? Are you are you sure the manager told me yeah?
That I could use some couch time, but I should have made me yep. You'd let me speak my mind
You'll find I didn't think it was very kind when baseball was played by the crippled and blind and to make matters worse
Yeah, passion phones with Sunny Hersh. Oh, no. All right. All right. The manager told me yeah
Then I was right out of my head and then he said lady
Your true easily miss led because you just know feel hand me shows you naked new
So why don't you relax and have a value more to because you don't know if you've got
To talk to Bobby Green or not and you know three voices are better than one
Oh, but nobody showed up. They didn't show up that night to Bobby Green and the Bob Nile didn't show up
That was kind of a lie there Phil are you sure that's okay? I don't hold the grudges, you know
Life is too short told grudges. Don't you agree? Yes. Yes. Yes. Well, it's part all of in this case of Q.A. Am I I will make an exception
Every rule has got an exception to it in this case like with Jolly Joe Bell and Clarence and Joyce. I'll make an exception
Phil Ladsman that's why I played the drop in says I of course. I don't know if this is really him or not
You think it's him probably it is
Yeah, what a schmitty effing year was best in oh nine to you in George
And you two Phil there's a good guy
Phil Ladsman, you know who he is?
Yes, you do yep, and I hear him on a NPR NPR
And he's a good guy your last man and a friend of the show and a friend of mine and George and probably you two he left you out
It was an oversight
They don't know who the hell you are see you you're on a way to greatness. That's why Clarence
That's why Clarence went to Joe Bell and said oh, let's get him off that show before we become as famous and you know
Important then I'll want a big fat raise
Right
Well, I was hoping for a raise since it's been three years, but you know you got a raise. All right right out the door. Yep. You got a raise through the roof
George says that's George with a G Neil and Jorge wishing you both a healthy and happy 2009
Thanks for the years of laughter in a world I can use a lot more of it the best wishes George the cop
Thanks George George the cop see good cop bad cop. There's a good cop like Dave the cop
Right
Correct
Am I getting a little incoherent now that's all right at all. I'm not I have no attention taking any more calls
Oh, see you can't do well. There aren't none right now
So let me reach over and shut off the monitor so I'm not tempted
You know if they start coming in I'm not tempted. Mm-hmm. There's no point to it
The jolly Joe Bell regime their idea of a they they know nothing about talk radio
Nothing in fact take the word talk out of there. They know nothing about this business. Nothing
All they knew how to do is grind through a lot of spots baby
We got spots and what which is where the money comes from you know
But that's all they know how to do
Other than that nothing. I mean the Kenyan blow morning show and jerks and uh and jacks and uh DA. Oh my god
Now do you believe that uh rumor we had before?
No about the offering him why not
I don't know about about DA
50 bucks a show. Yeah, no
Why not because I'm sure he could get better somewhere else
If that's what they were gonna you don't understand the way they do things though
That that's the way they get you out to do they are they low-ball you and they keep a little like with Hank
And with me they couldn't believe I actually he's a resound to deal and you know what thanks the Lord
Thank god that I did because now in the time of recession and depression yada yada
Uh, it's not so bad. I'll survive
You think so? Yeah, I'm sure you will. I will survive
They're just this is the way they push people out as opposed to saying well
We've decided to go in another direction or we think you show sucks or you have no numbers. You have a point
Whatever you got no
And I guess if he agrees to do 50 bucks a show he'll stay and if not bye-bye back to Kansas City
Boy did he make a bad bad mistake? I realized he was unemployed previously, you know Kansas City got canned
And I don't know I've heard him on the year a few times. He sounds fine to me
There's there's a pause there waiting for you to interject
He is good. I mean, he's you know, he's very good. It's very polished. Yeah, he's like a broadcaster
He's like somebody really belongs on the air. I don't think he knows a whole lot about the the South Florida sports scene
But these things take time. He certainly know the fabulous sports babe or I need to mark. Oh my god x marks the spot
You just wait till you see what happens with that. Well, it's gonna materialize. You'll see
No, I totally believe you. I know it. It's not that I'm thinking it. I know it. I can smell it. Oh, yeah, the aroma
Could put you in a coma
Here's one from Michael who says Neil you do have many listeners in South Florida
We're sitting back and letting the nut jobs call in. Oh, I better have a few listeners in South Florida
Because that's the only place they hear us all the way do have some people online although not too many today not as many as usual
Because this is like not a real day
Oh, I'll be so glad when this is all over with it just it goes on too long it goes on too effing long man
Now you wouldn't agree because you know your goyish your background. You probably enjoy this
Totally, you know it did you have a wonderful Christmas lot of gifts?
I had a very nice Christmas. I didn't do I didn't ask for a lot of gifts and I didn't know you know
I got what I asked for so it's fine. I got a nice winter coat from Paco. We're on size. You'll take it back though
Nice winter coat beautiful. That's nice very nice of course it was bought with my money, but that that's it thought the counts
What it's the thought that counts that's right is a very nice thing. I thought
Anyway, uh Michael says you do have many listeners in South Florida
We're sitting back letting the nut jobs call in you are correct sir. Thank you president bush for this recession
Just think when he leaves the White House and moves into a $15 million dollar mansion in Dallas. Yeah, that makes you feel all all warm and fuzzy inside not
Hope you and your staff have a great new year and God help us regular people and God help those 4000 dead people in Iraq
There was dead 4000 dead Americans too late for them
Not to mention all the ones that got butchered up over there and came back without eyes and limbs and stuff
All of these things and of course hundreds of thousands of dead Iraqis
I'm sure they all want to say a special thank you to well president. They the bushmeister the butcher of Washington
And life just goes on see that it's one thing you people have to understand
I mean you can get all whipped up angry and pissed off and and frustrated and
Join some organization and signed petitions, but you know people did vote
They voted record numbers. They said enough already
That's all they could really do and we put a new guy in there who's inheriting a
Unnightmare. I mean, I you know, I have great confidence in him. Although. I'm not I'm not pleased with that the Rick Warren crap
That was a really stupid move on his on his part and his advisors parts on their parts
You know which part?
Brack them that part
Rick Warren and it's like I'm fighting David Duke to speak at the inauguration
You don't think I don't really know the guy to also then out and out big it a big it
Not just a homophil but a big it and a fee to sugar
But well, you know, we all have to get together right
Let's see if we can dig Hitler up and bring him back so we can all get together and join hands and yoddy yoddy
Not a good idea, but nevertheless
Well, let him off the hook for old times sake and we'll see what happens after that. He's inheriting a just a humongous mess of depression
A war that's been going on for like it seems a hundred years
And then come to find out those Afghan hounds over there
Uh, they're just they're for the pathetic. This is what happens when you go into a part of the world. That's like in the stone age
You know what I mean? What do you mean? Barbarians
Afghanistan without what are we doing Afghanistan? We did a hell of a job on the Taliban
It's almost embarrassing how oblivious you are says somebody I'll bet that if you actually drove into Miami. I mean beach to get lost
But I understand you need to rational. Oh, yeah, keep keep giving me a solid dance
Be honest if I 60 folded in the fan Toronto picked you up with the option of doing the show from anywhere
Where would you do the show from from Toronto just like I'm doing it right now
See, I'm not complaining. I have no problems with where I am where I live the people here any of this but a lot of you melcontents
Misery loves companies. You'll never forget
Fort rate you five sixty QAM
It's the big O or Landu Elzu Gary after noon two to four
So
I'm a whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
I rise to crappy little country
Smells like the mustache on a space
Just get rid of that
You're a drinker jumping and blow up the whole goddamn place
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
Try to whosane's a mother f***er
I'm from 31 to 560 WQM
Happy New Year, because I'm not going to be on next week
I'll be on vacation all week
So I got to say happy new year now, right? Yeah, it's rub it in
What do you mean by that? I don't know. I'm gonna be off the week after so you know I guess I'm gonna be off permanently the week after and the week after
the week after that and
You're giving me crap because I'm taking a week. Oh, well those are weeks vacation
I don't like it like 40 50 a week a year. What the hell's wrong with you?
Who is the biggest loser of 2,000 a we're approaching 500 votes? We're ever gonna make 600. You're crazy
Well, I told you I told you and I say five and a quarter
Who is the biggest loser of 2008 John McCain 122
Bernie made off 92 the almost perfect season Patriots 47 that's just an opportunity for a lot of very jealous people to go
You lost the game you well
The only team in history to win to go on defeated through a full 16 game season and go 18 and 0
Because when the offense had the perfect season that were only like 14 games on a regular season am I right? Yes?
Yes, correct
OJ Simpson laid edition 43 OJ's climb in the ladder, baby. He's on John McCain's ass
Why true love to see that the Wall Street investment banks 42 big three auto companies 36
Swillery's got 30
Swillery Clinton governor blog. OUVitch 23
Just Jason Jackson 13 for jerks. What a show that was man
Come on atcha
It now is he on across the street like on a weekend or something are they using him or not? I really have no idea
Well, why not aren't you monitoring what's going on over there? They think they're obsessed with me
I'll tell you that obsessed well know when they said that I'm going part time. I stopped monitoring anything
When they what
When they said I'm gonna be a part timer and no longer full time I stopped worrying about your interest
You no longer felt like a team player
You felt like you've been relegated to the sideline to the locker room
Joel Feinberg 11 if you see Jim Park in locker room by the way, so I'm still interested all I'm sure he's an old man now like I am
Last season's by me heat eight they ate it all right Tom Brady first a super bowl then the O8 season eight
He's still doing pretty damn good. I think I have a feeling he's doing just fine
Big brown deny the triple crown loses the Belmont pulls up at the top of the stretch and like oh
Geez what happened to this piece of craft seven? There's something anywhere Rick Dutton was involved
I always wondered just what's going on there, you know a little hanky spanky
The Tampa Bay race got two votes and very undeserved in week we continue chastising those people
We voted for Tampa Bay. What an incredible turn around they did huh?
Not as incredible as the dolphins though from one and fifteen to what are they like?
10-5
First he went up 11-11-11-11-11 they win and if they lose the game on Sunday no playoffs no wild card
No nothing oh well still a great year
Well, it's the it's the what you call it era
Sporano oh look at this we're just was just told the real details on the air 25 an hour until he finds a new gig
If you read this on the year don't see it's from me. It's from someone in the building. Okay. It's from somebody in the building
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Read to yourself before reading on the year. I'm gonna say who it's from not
Was just told the radio now I can't I can't say from somebody inside the building
25 bucks an hour
Well, that's not 50 bucks a show
So another it's till he finds a new gig. So that was there. They're shoving him out the door too nice going jolly joe bell
One of you gonna be taking that spot what wonder who will take that spot
And he do marks
You want to bet you want to make a bet on it right now?
I'm having a money bet so a hundred bucks against your next five months five year salary. That's okay
Well, there's the same amount I think well no, I think I'd make a little bit more in that five now. That was up 22 points. Oh, yeah, I hope so
I hope they take good care of you even though I know that they won't not they won't because you worked on this show and
You really became a part of this show and I don't want to get all teared up and everything like emotional
Hey, I'm gonna just it's very sad. So the most fun I've had on a regular basis of this radio station
Well, there you go. Of course look who you've worked with in the past
Hey, I get to work with cut and Curtis all the time. That's a lot of fun too. Do you? Oh, yeah, he's a good guy very good guy
How come he never got his own show?
Right now because he doesn't have his head up clearances ass. That's the answer to that question
That's why Curtis never got his own show then I think also right now he kind of likes working with a
Jim Manichart time so
He'll be it's not working out to be his George that's not working out too good
Is it who knows
Remember it's not ratings that are important at a sports station. Oh, that's right. It's a money
Money money money in ball games and stuff give us the money honey
That's the kind of rationalization people use who don't have any ratings
That's the kind of the crappy here from a guy like Jolly Joe Bell who is who has taken this radio station and driven it into virtual oblivion
And then they come up with this. Oh, well, we're not we're ratings driven. We care about ball games
They care about balls. I care about balls too, you know, but doesn't make me any money
491 votes on the pool and here's a happy new year from
Gene and Sebring I hadn't realized you were gonna be off next week
Have a wonderful new year celebration of vacation. You've made my day more times that I can count this year and I'm grateful
I wish you good health good luck and good way during the coming year. Thanks Gene and back at you
What a nice guy Gene and Sebring
And Sebring see he's not in South Florida. He's in Sebring
99% of our audience 99.9% of the audiences in South Florida
How many of them have taken the time to express in such a glowing and warm terms is nice Gene and Sebring, huh? Good guy
right?
correct
Nice people nice people most of them don't live in South Florida
People live in South Florida try to and quit try to sell me on how great South Florida is like I said if you like it
Great. I'm delighted for you. I'm hysterical for you
I'm here by choice nobody coerced me into coming here. Okay Greg read made me a great deal and Norma can't I'll say this for her
Negotiated this thing where I can basically do the show from anywhere we built that studio at Amsterdam and of course Bob Vermuth
They ran out of there before it worked there properly so that turned it into a bust
Plus the apartment was like it in the basement and like with
Spiders and cobwebs and totally unsanitary and unbreedable
That kind of called me before the Dutchman about Amsterdam
It's really sad it could be such a wonderful place to live
But now they're starting to make it more of prudish. They're gonna chase most of the tourists away
Although I do have a good Mickey D's there the one with the rat crawling around
Okay, and they got an Albert Hine Express on the dam rack. What more could you want?
If you go to Amsterdam go to that Mandarin restaurant on the
Aroken just south of the dam rack
Mandarin restaurant with a big big ass sign you walk upstairs good place
If you find a good restaurant in Amsterdam tell a world about it because they're just aren't too many on
Aroken you know what Aroken means smoking ah
They're smoking Mahatma Gandhi says you're right about the holidays. I know I am
It's fine when people are acting crazy for a day or two days
But this is a nightmare having two major holidays so close together that is correct three major holidays Hanika Christmas and New Year's
Oh brother
By the way, Jo Bel should be thankful you're on the station
You should start each day by kissing your ass and ended by nuzzling your taint. Oh taint what I got in mind
Whoa, what a thought that is joebel nuzzling my taint. Oh
Wow
Here's one that says I would imagine you have less online listeners today because less people are working
But more terrestrial listeners than usual because a lot more people are driving around by hello to a happy New Year
Audio people driving around with your windows up or down
right
Mm-hmm
498 and a pool wait we can do six hundred I don't know why you're so negative about it
I'll learn what if we get like about 5 25 30 by the top of the hour we could do it. Yep, put on a big push
We'll fall short, but it'll be fun. You can push the pool all right
For all those people to get aggravated all he talks about is the numbers on the pool. Yeah, well screw you and
Of course I always ask the question. Well, what do you got to talk about oh?
Well, I don't know but anything beside that anything beside that like what? Oh, I don't know anything beside that
Anything beside whatever you're talking about Neil. I wonder if they're still doing the year in review on the erasing channel
I could put that on I should have put that on no they're doing a Tampa Bay down
Yeah, this was also to be gaining some ground at seven eight hundred mile and continue to show that front what
Looks like a guy Chris Gattas looking for the early half of daily
Half the upper half of low-pads
Number seven and she spent a lot of time down under she looks like a guy she must be a
really macho dike
And let me ask is it unwritten law somewhere. I keep asking why why don't so many dikes were makeup like Rachel Maddo and Ellen
Why do they have to be like pasty?
They like is that the dyke EF in way I guess
Brandy a leading curl spring says thanks for keeping me company while through all the old crap out of my fridge
Best wishes for the new year and pack out your brandy see there's like a couple of nice people two or three
Five percent one or two
Object What ah
Think forth later
Et DUA
Friday, you bastard
I shave my balls for my girl Holly
Socialnica 1977
Maybe next time I'll just whack some
but
as they go back to have to scratch
and
but
but
but
but
but
well said
call forty five at five sixty w two of what kind of crap we got for the rest of
the week of good crap
we got the big ol' dolphin can rock solid to a clock he's killing us by the
way
uh... when they're going to replace him from two to four you know
oh wait a minute
what
didn't he say the other day that uh...
he had friday showed to to to the friday to do the two shows
and then starting monday not
i believe so
so who's gonna be doing two to four on friday
or five to seven a.m
i'm Monday you got next week schedule probably not uh... i have some place
right here
well and let's get with it you got the info right there in your fat little
hands
and you're holding back
inquiring minds want to know this is some pretty heavy duty crap man
there's one thing we want to pass along to the audience it's all that we
got
all that's fit to put on here
what do you got
you don't got it
he's probably running around here looking
are you running around here looking
yeah there's like a month's worth of schedules in here so
well i don't don't give me a cop
i don't know
all right let's see
monday these seven twenty nine
d.a. five to seven a.m
what
yeah
monday Tuesday Wednesday d.a. five to seven a.m. because there's stuff at night
each night i guess
and he's getting one five bucks an hour
uh... yeah two fifty yeah i'm gonna do a joy
Thursday
so it's a weird day
what i'm doing what
what friday and say what
five to seven
yeah
because it's not a ball game at night
so so wait a minute see that other their first room about fifty bucks a
show
would be right if he's doing two hours if he's doing five to seven
uh... that's correct
god so d.a.s doing five to seven and the big old is going to continue to
do two to four and bushing up our daytime
well let's see monday two to four gold
galley to four gold
when they her canes warm up
and hurt you over to florida
thursday it's bolding
hey two to four fifteen beast joseen dbj
that's our new year's day right yeah
all cares
for the i guess to walk up to the uh... he is a row
on the orange what is it
i guess they're like a pregame for the rose ball in the orange wall that we
have
uh... friday
to fours Curtis
well that's good
and that's why it has a week off because it's not on again till saturday
gay
rock solid how do you like that
too much guilty
oh good god all my
weekend through the near baby with guilty
i'll play all those Mickey Mouse bits next week
i won't be here though thank god to participate in any of that i don't want to be
associated
specially with that show with joe z and on dbj and who else is on that show
uh... beast
god
and a put in josh freeman on across the street i'm going to tell you between these two
radio stations i wouldn't wish it on a hundred kimmer what they're doing
my good friend brandon says i'm sorry it took so long to wish you happy new year
but i spent most of my morning getting laid nice going brandon
great way to ring in the new year
and with that said i'm sure you understand happy new year palis is brand-new back
at you
and from christ too because you don't hate him
right correct
well if a courtes were here courtes does not wish you happy birthday brandon
i'm sure you wish him all the evil things in the world
when you start with the event time stories
uh... i don't know you talk to uh... what's the
judge courtes yet
you know he he just he abandoned us on the show
in every possible way
and the fact that i kept sending him those damn checks every time he
oh my dog i gotta
beat on the floor you know
good god
judge courtes
and i will say this he did a pretty good job with the stories only once in a
while he be out you know getting drunk in late and the stories would get on
like god only knows when
wow loren says back with us again you know chronic loren's
he says i'm afraid i've become too chronic is late you're right but that's okay
keep in common lorry loren's
one of the two
whatever he is
well here's the some emails coming out in the night
so i don't have to like do all play the rack
where it's a today's like mixing match because it's not it's not really still a
holiday you know i'm saying
although it is boxing day here
you come up to do the uh... boxing day shopping
uh...
you know that the credit card
five hundred eleven now i know that's already taken care of
well i'm gonna tell you that he i don't want to sit on the air for the birthday
for the christmas party whatever the hell was
they bought a thousand bucks worth of booze
how can you spend a thousand bucks on booze that i hope there's a lot of people
there there were bottles of well i'll tell you how many people there was five
six
seven eight
about uh... i don't know about
thirteen fourteen maybe fifteen people
the thomas a hundred bucks two families what
that's a hundred bucks per person
yeah
you know part of that
any in my any says wishing to the best for two thousand nine been listening to
since the day today's the lord bless you it would buy
because of your impending pay cut that's right he knows all maybe today he'll
really give me like a million bucks
the lord works in mysterious ways it was listening to you in the car and when
you went to uh...
commercial switched over to the stick it and josh freeman was on talking about
the marlins
love you and you were the best thanks eddie have a great new year
how do you like that josh freeman is on now
like the disease is infected across the street all boy
is that incredible or what
scarish freeman is on over there talking about the fricking marlins in the
in the end of the summer
loren says afraid of it come to chronic is a late so as my final email for two
thousand eight and for a while in two thousand nine from the sewer known as
my midead county have a happy to enjoy the new year to you and the christ too
and george wherever he is thank you
you brought humor and insight on the information in this all important
election year it's much appreciated to badly listed as can vote jerky bell
and joys out of office to
the all your machines be good ones mine good luck to christ after next week to
good luck to you christ from larrence well thank you very much for me and
everybody else
separate of one guy that ripped on you what what was that call remember that call
yeah and i've got his name to his a chronic
he is
not as chronic as that old guy though i love him
no uh... but uh...
what
mark or something like that i've got his name is now mark
you always calls he tries to end with like a a funny one-liner
which is not just kind of fall
all right but i'm going to be a nice thing to make break
yeah we see that they are in the audiences and got the urge
maybe what joys and stereo and if you could
joys with old meal
because i'm sure it'll be a masculine joys
john says
is there such a thing as a feminine joys
i'm sure i doubted
i doubted i think i think the one thing you can be sure of in this life
is that smith is smith
no matter where comes from smith is smith
although i would imagine indian smith you know what that curry
uh... oh my god can you even begin to imagine
i don't want to think about it
and indian dump
i can say the cold times i've had curry recently
it was a uh...
an experience really afterwards yeah
oh my god
so i can imagine having it every day
curry it gets into your skin
yes it does
and it smells man oh my god
and then you start wearing your turban to tight and you start driving a cab
in toronto
punjab
anyway john and like were said
i'm going to tell you something if we ever have an opening
for a middle east
libanese guy who don't speak the best english
my cab driver he is the funniest person in the world
seven and a panicked what
seven p.m. ten p.m. coming up soon
what are you talking about you said if we ever have an opening oh seven and
ten p.m.
yeah i guess eight ten after dolphins
once d.a. finds a real gig
so in other words they're pushing d.a. out is that what you're trying to tell me
from what it seems like
you're showing a man five seven in the morning so i said good up real early
they're paying them like twenty five bucks an hour
and as opposed to just saying hey we wish you the best and good luck and it
didn't work out and you were on a night when nobody can hear the signal and
following dead air and etc and so on
he seems like a good guy George said he was a good guy
now i'm assuming the week after he won't be doing five to seven because
we have promos saying that uh...
that week is when
joe starts six to ten in the morning
so with bowl games basically over i guess i'll go back to his uh...
eight to ten or back to him city
to
that George is there we could play will be her sitting and can the city from his
voluminous uh... file of music in there
going to can the city can the city outcome but we don't
and you know how to go in there and do it but you know how to go in there but i
think he changed his password
uh... good thinking George
don't let uh... this tubby go in there and mess around because that would be a
a parting shot you know i've been out of the wrong but i think when they
uh... they just a joke
i'm thinking about it and i think it's a fact people tend to be so uptight
well you know i think when they give a new computer to run the audio vault
and everything like that he then changed his
computer against it like everybody did that good for him good good thinking
George
john and lake worth this have a wonderful week off i look forward to your return
i echo your sentiments exactly about soft food i came here in nineteen eighty five
elected for the first two years until it turned to schmitt that's right john
i came in seventy six and boy i loved it i had a real uh... great
and in seventy five in west palm at w j n o at a great year there
wild i have a good year
but anyway
unfortunately says a john i have another fifteen years ago my twenty year
pension i have to make the most of it
i fully agree with George when he gets out of town hits for north kirlana
and make an annual pilgrimage to tenisee it's the exact opposite of here polite
people to drivers clean and speak a english
speaking english
like my chinese convenience store no speaking english
that's why you do the show to model my radio set to go off of the week when you
sign off today so we're back always listening john lake worth thanks john
all the best
there's a good guy's been listening for a zidian years
not amazing there people out there been listening for a long time
open and actually still here the station
that's amazing part now i'm going to go do a choice if i'm not back i might take
one of those
like a high calonik you know
so i'm not back for like an hour so just don't worry about it
okay i'll tell you uh
i'm curious
the best talent
you're the new roger
sport radio five sixty qa m
the fourth lead
the biggest name
the best talent
you're listening to sports radio five sixty
double you qa m
i am a
for the other day
i listen pretty quick i like to shape my legs arms and buns
while listening to the neal rogers one to two hour good morning
americans it's tall harvest and buy for news
little nancy was in the garden filling a hole when her neighbor
shon looked over the fence
interested in what the little girl was up to he asked what are you doing
nancy my goldfish died nancy replied
tearfully without even looking up and i've just buried him
shon was concerned that's an awfully big hole for a goldfish
isn't it nancy?
nancy patted down the last heap of earth and then replied that's because he's
inside your stupid cat no page two
Susan and a baby were in the doctor's examining room waiting for doctor ed
to arrive when the doctor came in he examined the baby checking his weight and
found that it was somewhat below normal
doctor ed asked if the baby was breastfed or potl fed
breastfed replied Susan
well stripped down to your waist the doctor asked and Susan did
doctor ed pressed needed rolled cup and pinched both breasts in a detailed
rigorously thorough examination
motioning for Susan to get dressed doctor ed said it's no wonder this baby is
under weight you haven't got any milk
i know Susan replied i'm his grandmother but i'm glad i came
Paul Harvey oh no good day
102 at 560 at over the qm grandma had a good time that was good
that was good i'm glad you approved that's excellent
if i made me i'll play this whole disc what do you think
sure why not this is the one that's got shaved my balls on it
but there's a lot of um christmas stuff on here
oh how about the Disney a CEO calls Mickey the Christmas one
that was okay oh not good no many will play it no it's it's three minutes of
audience killer man real american real american a whole mall kiosk lady
Oprah with her mafordites live in chicago
Oprah all right good to see darlin great to see you too Oprah me and the rest of
his elves are real happy to be here yeah good good born in the wrong body
them again for centuries they were called her mafordites what people who possess
parts of both male and female sex organs are you talking about me what about that one
glory hole we play the other day what about that
sure what do you think
for the holiday season some perfect unzipped is why to get serviced by a guy
i think that'll be good okay maybe that that'll be a good time killer for this
last hour my last hour of 2008 it won't be so great
although we got the big oh rock solid time along at two o'clock well this is his
last day for double duty congratulations big oh
although he's still at home right correct he doesn't show to show from the house
kind of a lazy bastard does that besides me and rush and the big oh and paul harvey
i think everybody ought to do the show from the house then they could just shut down the studio
can you imagine all the money they'd say they could sell the equipment
well you still need the producers here no no producers automated baby
automated have like a robot sit there that hits the button for in fact we could you know something
if there was somebody there to load up the audio vault of the start of the show and we assumed
it was going to work which it doesn't always do but if it did there could be a button here and I
compressed the button instead of the cue the cue would automatically trigger the spots
well i think that's what they were that's what they're looking for me yeah that's what they're
looking for automate it all in fact they could even automate me just put it on tape bap bap bap bap bap bap
well that guy is just unbelievable he is what's wrong with south florida that guy plus a lot of these
e-mailers you don't even you don't even realize how much e-mail never gets on the air but you can imagine
i mean just a let's see here's one that says Neil i'm Cuban i've been lived in florida since i was five
this however doesn't stop me from being objective about south florida situation the area has
been complete destroyed by the high volume of immigrants who come in and out they've absolutely no
emotional connection to my army so they come here and destroy it it seconds me to see my own kind
do this but it's the truth any area with high population of immigrants never manages to grow well that's
not the case here we got people from all over the world here we got five million people in the GTA
as in how's it going a and this area grows and grows and they keep building condos every inch of land
they keep building and building although now nobody's got any money so they're not building so much
the ruskies don't get any more money it says any area with a high population of immigrants never
manages to grow that's a fact based on many government studies oh like New York for example with a
high population of immigrants whoever wrote this is just a until the amount of immigration is limited
or stop south florida will never be anything other than a dump that people use and exploit how do you
like that total totally phoning right probably the guy to call before bitching about the
Spanish speaking pimples maybe greetings Neil happy boxing day enjoy your week off next week who's
this from Oscar all Oscar from serbaton block him I am so yeah you love you unconditionally I don't
I don't want your love go away block him these silly fake brits oh god are they just ponderous the
whole thing the british isle should just sink that would be the greatest day in history mankind
look at all the problems the brits have caused over the years all that imperialistic attitude
to theirs when he went and colonized the world and subjugated all the people in south africa and
inja and all over the guy's star in world I must have god dang that that was up just a couple
of points not not my not trading going on today not much anything except everybody flying back to
the stores with all the merchandise right exchange exchange exchange refund you know whatever
not not a pleasant time I sure hope it's not as jam today at woodbun as it was yesterday more
christmas day you you to thought they were handing out money maybe they were I don't know they
sure were to me here you go here's a bunch of money thank you see you see him aniana give it all back
Rudy says wish you a happy new year in prosperous 2009 uh and it says f the big oh that's bad
Rudy come on on on the day after christmas you're saying f the big oh you first baby not me
535 you think we can make the 600 we got the 550 look we're going to do it we need 65 votes in 52
minutes I don't think so we're going to do it let me say it again I don't think so unless these
people really really jam hard on our pool so josh freedman's going to be one cross the street
DA is going to be getting up a three and a more into do five to seven for like a dollar and a half
an hour boy they they oh what's going on it's a holiday season the screwing and re screwing
and the undoing and just oh my god what they're doing to people what can we do to you to make
to make you miserable enough to leave then that's basically the way they operate and I think the
reason being that otherwise they have to pay people unemployment right they fire I guess yeah
so instead of firing people and paying them unemployment oh well what can we do can we put a
poison snake in your shoe well would that do it can we put like 7000 crazed red ants on your arm
and maybe that'll convince you we don't like you can go away you know never get bitten by red ants
yes of course now there's a god why do we have red ants what purpose do they serve to kill other
pests I don't know you are so full of crap if there is a god why did I just do a nasty
joystering a break huh to cleanse out to cleanse out what what you had earlier
what did I have I didn't have squad I squatted though I'll tell you that
and I and I see I have this strange habit I shouldn't admit this but what I like to do
is take because the toilet paper out in the the roar what do you call that thing
the the holder yeah the whole thing or anything not the paper doesn't come always come out evenly
and it drips off you know so I'll take an extra roll and I'll put it like on the bathtub that's next
to the crap and and so I can like unfold the toilet paper real easy you ever hear that before
no on the edge of the tub well anyway so I was down to the last the ass end so the speak of the
and the the cardboard entered the little cardboard thing that holds the roll fell on the floor
and I I reached for it as I was sitting there I was all I'll done with all my business I reached
for it and like almost fell off the throne and I thought gee if I fall and like break my neck
right now poor fatso is going to be sitting there wondering what will happen that would have
been interesting well let me go back and try it again I'll pretend that that happens no that's
okay we tell too although I got a new roll sitting there so I could I would have to use an awful
lot to get down to that little corn cob or whatever there is on the inside a little little
cardboard thing yeah you think there's a name for that there's a name for everything so probably
is yeah there must be a name for the cardboard little tubular thing the cardboard cute holds the
toilet paper Lissette says hi Neil just wanted to wish you a happy new year I hope you had a nice
holiday season you'll be missed while on vacation so listen to every day enjoy yourself thanks
Lissette have a happy see there's a few nice people out there I'll take the time as opposed I mean
you see it's a question what are you going to take the time to send something nice which you know
isn't all that exciting but at least it's it's sweet you know where are you going to
or you're going to have the time to send something ah do this do that don't do this you suck it like
that see like here's a nice one oh pop bud sorry to hear that you won't be here next week you'll
be missed hope you have a good vacation in a great new year stuck here in South Florida be happy
ps f Santa says a pop bud here's one it says happy new you're just in order to say the hour or so
of moments on Wednesday was perhaps the best and funniest hour of radio in a long time thanks
psmoh had to be turning fuming those bits really frosted his ass way to go from Kurt thanks Kurt
I wonder if Kurt is related to Kurt Sugg of the Ohio harness racing family you ever hear Kurt Sugg
not a live in Sugg nowhere I'm here as they Sugg let's see live horse racing channel I think we
all here we go for the lead oh not microthaglia for the lead he is the worst the worst in history
for the lead on the outside he's comically so bad microthaglia horrible
since star did unseed her rider leaving the game oh did unseed her rider for the lead
the undergone call he's a he is the worst I mean there's some every business talk show host
horse race callers cooks chefs you know and every business there's a best in the worst microthaglia is
the absolute worst in the history of horse a thumb
the news 4 to 7 oh right you'll 560 Qam the sports leader it's Friday you best in
I'm trying on the air if you listen to WIOD the shows the day time are better
never know it by the way they are from all week the sports know you know whether it's always
ankle for his sunny version shows it got got got got got got get they out of no by now
no one gets a crap about any of that it's a talent that brings in the money
and if that's all they're gonna tell the talent is losing out and buddy if they screw it up
but
wow
same
or the weather.
It's always Hanko, Fergen, Sonny,
versus Josie, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah,
these they oughta know by now.
No one ever listens to that other craft.
It's the talent that needs to play
running, and if that's all they're going to tell,
the talent is losing out.
And buddy, if they choose up and on.
I'm going to do it.
5.
2.
2.
3.
2.
3.
2.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
5.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
4.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
5.
