The music expressed on the previous program.
Ladies today, baby.
Uh-oh.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Hold on.
Raise your hands.
Raise the hands.
Raise your hands.
Raise your hands.
Raise your hands.
Raise your hands.
Welcome to disaster California.
All right.
When there's not a quake, when there's not a quake,
there's a wildfire blaze.
And many have moved to be saved from California.
And we can't feel any time to feel.
You can find it here.
I'm right on the hear.
I'm right on the hear.
Bulletin, Bulletin, wildfires in California.
Every time they come out with it,
look, it's some, not like mudslides in California.
Isn't that a novelty?
Right.
10-1 at 5-60 WDQM, Happy Wednesday to you.
We showed up today in spite of the fact
that the trends are coming out today, July, August,
and September.
No, I take that back.
August, September, October.
Three months of the rolling numbers.
Now, there's the new thing.
And I tried to print this damn thing out
and it won't print out.
Do you ever have that when you try to print out
a page in a world print?
Yes.
And I tried to highlight it and it won't do it.
It's on the Arbatron website, the portable people meter.
Yeah.
Electronic audience measurement with the portable people.
It's like the purple people leader.
What you, it won't let you print the selection.
It won't, it won't even sell.
Oh, no, now it did.
It just because you opened up a mouth.
I can't believe that.
That's Murphy's Law right there.
Wow.
How's Murphy doing, by the way?
Oh, he's just fine.
Kill the old son of a bitch.
Okay, now it's going to print out the selection.
And I can read all about how it's going to work.
And it's not in this market yet,
but it's going to be in the top 51 markets.
So it will be here.
And all these people that are trying to pretend
that they're listening to something else in the lie,
the closet audience we were discussing here, the show today.
Guess what?
You're done.
You're finished.
Because the portable people meter,
the thing that goes on our signal, the purple people
meter, the purple people leader, goes on our signal.
And then if you're not listening to the show, it eats you.
It devours you.
It comes to your house like a letter.
Grim them.
Here's all the stuff, pages of it.
It's way too ponderous and very interesting
because somebody sent me an email about that this morning.
Got some interesting emails, by the way.
So I'm really heavy duty stuff, including one
from the fake Rick Riley.
We got a follow up from a fan,
which I'm positive is Dan from Maryland
because it's just nobody else could be that neurotic.
You know, one day they love you, the next day they hate you.
They always start out they hate and then they come back
and they say, they say, they say, they say, they say,
they like you, they like you, you know, like that.
Jim and Chicago says just an interesting piece for you.
If you've seen it already, I apologize.
Well, I hadn't seen the gym.
I listened by the archives the next day.
So I'm always a day late and a loony short.
I can say that in Chicago, the PPMs from Arbitron
have unwired the numbers here.
Quick example, WGCI Urban Radio was second with the 6.2
in
and
Trump plus in the summer book, which was the last paper book.
For the October book, all books are monthly now.
It's 13th from second to 13th with a 2.7.
So they drop from a 6.2 and again, that's an urban station.
So PC, people vote for radio stations like they vote
for candidates in elections.
Right.
Diddo, diddo, diddo, diddo, all of diddo heads.
I'm sure they are.
Can I finish this?
Calm down now, just take a deep breath.
Unfortunately, the stations that have done well are all
Bonneville Mormon stations up here.
Since they play such awful music, including this,
and they'll kill some good time.
Thank you, Jim and Chicago.
How do you like that?
I do.
Now, what were you going to say before you,
so sadly interrupted yourself?
I don't know, I forgot.
No.
New age for radio, electronic audience measurement
with a portable people meter system.
After years of research, field test and industry review
Arbitrons Revolutionary Radio Audience Measurement System,
the portable people meter, PPM, is now being ruled out
as a commercial radio rating service.
It will replace Arbitrons current diary based ratings
with passive electronic measurement.
Current plans call for the PPM to be deployed
in the top 50 radio markets by 2010.
At the same time, Arbitrons Exploring
will be testing in the field different approaches
using electronic measurement in markets ranked 51 plus.
You know, I'm trying to remember what station it was.
Oh, it was WTPS in Kalamazoo.
And some of the guys from the station
and we would go around like to shopping center parking lots.
And we would look in the window like in a passenger window
to the car to see what, of course, back in those days,
it wasn't digital.
You know, see, your dial was actually sitting on some spot.
Your radio dial?
I mean, is that stupid or what?
Yeah.
Why did we do that?
I don't know.
It was something to do.
The PPM system automatically reports audience exposure
to inaudible codes invented in a broadcast signal.
Like, yeah, that's...
Ars is going to sound like that.
So, starting when they...
when they start this in the South Florida market
and you're walking around in a kitchen or in the office
and you hear that, you'll know that they're measuring you.
So to speak.
In the top 50 markets, including us,
Arbitram will provide PPM encoders free of charge
and report PPM audience estimates
for all FCC licensed AM and FM radio stations.
Boy, it's a good thing we got our license back,
including non-commercial stations that wish to participate.
The PPM data, however, will only be provided
to those who subscribe to the PPM service.
So stations like the light bulb, Jr. and Mr. Ego station,
all those...
They won't even show up...
Well, they still don't show up even now.
Arbitram recognizes the importance of accreditation
from the Media Rating Council for any new service,
Yadi Yadi Yadi, its ongoing,
and our goal is to gain accreditation in all PPM markets
and et cetera and so on.
It says the PPM service gives broadcasts more choices
than ever before in determining their level of participation
and radio audience measurement at the local market level.
Since the PPM ratings are based on detecting
in audible codes hidden in broadcast systems and pastreams,
it's up to the radio broadcasts to decide
if they want their audience measured
and how many of their broadcast operations they want rated.
Arbitram will provide two encoders and one encoding monitor
to all FCC licensed AMRFM stations at no cost.
Oh, no cost.
We like it.
We want it.
You think we want it?
Yeah, a lot.
And it goes on.
On.
On.
I don't really understand it.
Sure you did.
I don't understand it.
Of course you did.
How can you not?
There's going to be an inaudible tone
like remember the cards, the trip tone,
the secondary tones, things like that.
I don't understand that part,
but how do they know who's listening?
The people need to record the tone.
So it hears it.
What does it have to do with these numbers?
I just got it.
Oh, you got numbers?
Are they good or bad?
Who gave them to you?
Clarence.
Is he smiling or laughing or grabbing his crotch again?
He was nothing.
Nothing?
Well, he hates us anyway.
So he wants the beast in the day.
And by the way, you people that are bugging normal,
those phony serious deals already just leave him alone.
He's, you know, he's an old queen.
He's under enormous stress.
Look at that.
Charlie Bees for polls for the future are sitting in there.
And this one we're doing now is one of the worst polls we've ever done.
So what do you got?
Are you sending it to me?
What are we getting first, man?
Let 18 plus then person 25 54.
Okay, that's all I want.
Okay, let's take a look at yesterday's poll,
which we concluded because we had over a thousand votes.
We had a thousand 55 and of course,
fatso will chime in and say, oh, no, a thousand 50 something else.
He didn't chime in.
Wow.
10 to 10.
What should Americans be most ashamed of?
George W. Bush 268.
Boy, he got 35% of all the votes.
Bush, we have the Indians 156 slavery 149.
Michael Bolton 59.
It's 82 along the coast.
You read dark, Johnny.
Iraq attack 37 censorship 33 9 11 unavanged 33.
Jewish refugee ship the St. Louis turned away 31.
Obesity 29 gun violence 22.
The KKK 19 segregation 18.
Patriot Act 16.
Japanese American internment 15.
Hiroshima 14.
Reagan ignores the AIDS crisis 11.
Clinton impeachment 10.
Energy guys like nine.
We finally got a few people to admit that they're guzzlers.
Vietnam 8.
Hoover's FBI 10 year 4.
Television 4.
McCarthy era Blacklisting 3.
Salem Witch Hunt 3.
Watergate 2.
And nuclear proliferation 2.
Out of a 1059 vote.
Got some numbers coming in, baby.
Oh.
Say a brook, say a prayer.
We need help.
Many 18 plus.
Now I don't understand where's the first page.
This starts with number nine.
Whatever.
Here it is.
Hot 105 number one continuing to be number one alleged from a 690 with 660.
From the summer.
Radio Hietemoh.
Oh, here we go again.
Radio Mambe number three.
CMQ FAM.
Radio Amor WQBA.
Oh my God.
Does anybody in look at that we're flat.
Although we went from 11th to time for 8th.
And this is of course including October, which is the start of the dolphin of the fall book, baby.
Dolphins.
We love the dolphins.
They win a lot.
Oh, and wait a minute.
We're on here twice.
Say what?
Look at this.
This is the most bizarre thing I've ever seen in an arbitraron deal.
We're on here.
We're number eight with a 3.0 and we're number 13 with a 2.7.
You see that?
No, I'm not looking at anything.
Oh, this is the morning.
What do you mean you're not looking at anything?
It's got us on its way.
It's not looking.
It has QAM on here twice.
Waxi had a 2, 3.
Oh, that said man, he can't buy a number for for lover money.
Loudmouth said 2.3.
He's number 19.
At least he's consistent.
He was number 19 in the book.
And he's still number 19.
2, 2, 2, 2, 3.
We're on here twice.
Now which one is the correct number, man?
I don't know.
Adam.
No, seriously.
I've never seen anything like that of you.
No, I don't know what to do with that.
How could QAM have beat?
Well, that's because we're so good, I guess.
It sure is not a typo.
What do you mean typo?
What does that mean typo?
A typographical error.
You see what I see?
Do you see what I see?
I don't.
Because it's in the machine, man.
Where's the rest of this stuff?
In the machine also.
What day part do you see that in?
Oh, wait a minute.
This is all screwed up.
This is bizarre.
There's another page here.
I don't get it.
There's another page here that doesn't have us 13th.
It doesn't have the...
I don't get it.
There's a page in here that doesn't belong.
But it's as many team plus Monday through Sunday, 6 to 10 AM.
It's got the coast is number nine.
Where is this from?
What is this?
Is this like a clearance plane with our heads or something?
Oh, this is Monday through Sunday.
Ah!
You slipped a bogus page in there.
I just put them in as I got them.
You slipped a bogus page in there.
I even take time to look at them.
Oh, scared the crap out of me.
So let's see, where are we in the morning?
Well, 3-0 is better than 2-7.
Okay, so we'll take it.
From 11 to 8.
Where is the rest of it?
Where is the...
Where is the...
Where is it coming?
I stuffed everything in the machine, man.
What all happened to it?
If it didn't roll through, if there were like a double-dubbed up, then it would be fine.
Let me go and look at my machine here.
One moment.
Yeah.
Well, why don't you take the brakes since you're late for it already?
Receiving.
It says receiving page one.
Oh, here comes more crap.
Okay, let's, like I said, take the break.
Laying my hands.
The best talent.
You don't have no logic.
4.30 AM 5.60 AM.
The fourth leader.
No portion of this program will be repeated.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
The FWQAM Beats the broadcast group incorporated.
You did a wonderful thing.
By the way, sorry, sir.
I got you number wrong.
It's worse than what I said.
There's a sports hall.
Bang.
Real band.
U-A-L.
Real band.
WQAM is proud to bring you the WQAM School of Broadcasting.
Yes, you do.
WQAM have an illustrious career in the wonderful world of radio.
If you follow our curriculum, the course is free.
Of course, you'll work for free.
Goal 1-800-1-A-B and speak to our director of education, Mr. Lenny Marges.
So, you want me a boy cast off?
Oh, a boy?
A boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Yes.
Yes.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Boy cast off.
Yes, I go on and see a set of deliverableăng.
and page 14.
Yeah, you can't have them in.
And uh...
No, that's what I want you to repeat.
And uh...
And uh...
And uh...
And those who eat this room,
they're gonna come and go see where they'll come.
Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio.
Ah, radio.
Where you can hear your own voice.
Let the WQAM school of broadcasting provide you
with the essential tools you'll need
to make your wet radio dreams come true.
I mean a one-quam tool.
With more than those in the world.
10, 20, and 5, 60, WQAM.
So I finally got this all straight and new.
Good, I hope there are no missing pages of them
than that page one which I don't have.
Page one, what?
The very first page of the...
Oh, I got it.
...of the stack. You got it.
I got it.
How did you get it?
I don't know. You sent it to me.
Er, must have been magic.
Monday, Tuesday, Sunday, 6th and the midnight.
All right. I don't know what I got.
I just got just good.
Let that page really matter because we're on the other side.
But I got it.
It was stuffed in the middle of a bunch of other crap.
I do like that.
We're stuffing our crap, ladies and gentlemen.
Okay, let's take a look.
6 to 10 a.m. This is just men.
And I noticed the person's 25, 54,
I started to percolate.
We went up a little bit midday, not much.
10 to 3.
And we went from 11 to, uh, tied for 8.
This is the jolly Jopele era.
We used to say, we're a number one, damn it.
Now we say, we're number eight, damn it.
And tied for 8.
Who are we tied with?
A life and power and Y100.
What?
How do you like that?
All right.
Y100 went way up from 2.4 to a 3.0.
Men, 18 plus.
Well, it includes like, you know, 18, 19 punks.
We don't have any of those people.
Do we?
Not too many.
Not too many.
Okay, 25, 54 stuff is coming along.
See, I can't keep up with it this fast.
I'm getting old and people.
Now, let's see overall.
That'll give us a good indication whether there's going to be any bonus money for George who needs it badly.
I don't need it.
I'm loaded.
Let's see.
Person's 25, 54.
You know how we do this?
QIM, 25 to a 27.
Overall.
Right.
So in men's world, no, no, no, no, that's not the right, uh, what?
Is it it?
Huh?
No, I just attached it to the wrong thing.
You're sending me pages from just all over the place.
Okay.
They are.
All right.
This is 25, 54.
I have the first page.
And that's all I've got from the whole week.
And then now they're starting with the morning.
6 to 10 a.m.
I stuffed them in there just like I got them.
Or clearance must be taken extra minute musula or something.
Boy, he is really full of crap today.
God.
6 to 10 a.m.
Person's 25 to 54.
How one oh five number one within 8.6.
Disney is sitting over there.
Have another belt, Mike.
Get that nose nice and red.
Get it all glowing for Sandy Claus.
Radio on Moore is number two with a seven point.
Oh.
This is mornings.
Person's 25, 54.
Let's see about us.
What about us?
I don't see us on here.
Where is Joe Rose?
Here we go.
1, 8 to 1, 9.
Making a little bit of movement.
Like a bomb movement there.
So that means in men 25, 54.
And we got about a 3, 8.
Just double it.
Because women we ain't got squat, you know?
That's my form.
And then it usually is fairly accurate.
Just double it and subtract by four and patch it around with it.
Throw it against the wall and see what slides off.
Oh, and I made a mistake by the way on the men 18 plus numbers.
I was looking at the whole week.
I said the kid want to apologize to him.
Because I said he was whatever he had.
He's as much worse.
He had a 2.0.
Although that's an improvement from his 1.8 in the summer book.
He went from a tie from 19th to 19th.
No, he's still a 19th all by himself.
A 2.0.
Oh.
Wait a 3, he had a 2.
Neither number, anything we get too excited about.
If you ask me, then, but then again, what do I know?
I know nothing about this crap.
Midday, are we on the first page?
Persons 2554, you bet we're not.
Oh, look at that.
We went from a 2.3 in the summer book to a 2.7.
And that's 10 to 3.
10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
We had close to a 6-year.
There might be a little bonus money hanging out.
We do in November, December.
Everybody mark us down, okay?
Mark us down before you die.
That's not not good, but person will take it.
We'll take it to step in the right direction.
17 to 14.
Yes, it's a little step up.
Wow.
Of course, that's 10 to 3.
Maybe the big O is responsible for the hoose up there.
Because we lost jerks in October.
When did jerks leave?
Toby.
August, I believe.
August, I believe so.
Yeah, because it was just before his one year.
Oh, isn't that sad?
I mean, his show sucked watermelon.
I mean, it was horrendous.
Oh, I'm sorry.
It sucked their calories.
I know.
I know.
Sorry.
It sucked big time.
Whatever fruit you want to stick in there.
But nevertheless, I mean, shouldn't they let him at least finish out one year and then said, hey, you're fired.
Did it?
Afternoons 3 to 7.
Person's 25 to 54.
Let's see how the mad dog did against labastered.
IOD 2.9.
Waxy 3.1 down to a 2.7.
Labastered.
He's slipping.
Where the hell are we, though?
Where's Qa-a-a-a-a?
Qa-a-a-a.
Oh.
Whoa.
Whoa.
From a 1-3 to a 1-4, though, that's an improvement.
So that means about a 2-8 in men's 25, 54 in the afternoon.
That is really nice move there.
Get rid of the Humper, by the way, Joe.
That was really good.
That was golden, you idiot.
That was funny.
God.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
That was a good move.
Let the sauna pass and we lost our job.
I really place it a flame on the new administration.
What the last eight years is hyperinflation.
It's a new administration.
The crazy things should be in the past.
With all the Republicans choosing your ass.
Black Dome.
All your bloomed stood crackin' once that great dust.
Here's a bailout check.
I have a great vacation.
U.S.A. is getting a chance.
And now the God is hyperinflation.
I'm dying on my hand.
North.
North.
You're going to water in sight, in front of the convenient future.
We are about to get to Cape andamebay, 5.
않...
Let's take a look at that schedule.
A huge hurricaneicking the ministry.
I thinklage 1.
Then from Georgia and say word.
No, four to seven. We got mad dogs seven to eight. It's a doffens tonight with the Kimba bowl camper and
then it's a Wednesday but we got the high school of good
I report from eight to nine because we can't put it on tomorrow because tomorrow night we got hurry Keynes football
Keynes and
Then 90 will have we got to the A show tonight the A by the way is
Below one again in purses 25 54 although he's got a oh point seven
So that means like a 1.4 in men
Why don't we just do transmit or maintenance my extrapolation here?
I figured we did close to a seven share in 10 to 2 in October men 25 54
Okay, well that would be a good start for the fall book mister. You're looking for that bonus money
I'm rubbing it right now. That's what I came back for from that the cushy summer schedule
The grab a hold of the reins and the rain on it and I'm gonna tell you something interesting
That's when we started doing the emails too and got rid of these stupid ass phone calls
Oh the phone calls are what make your show Neil interesting program. Yeah, right
Just because Jolly Bell wants to sit back and let a half a dozen a holes destroy the program
I don't want to do that Jolly Joe you moron
So that's why I had to come up with something new and different and exciting in fact
I've got some pretty interesting crap here on the email today that came in yesterday a fan is back and the fake Rick Rally is on there for the first time
Making an appearance and I've got some other crap. Well, I guess I can what would we need anything more from these ratings?
We didn't know anything more no
Anybody else we care about well, let's see how I OD did
Does this include any of the Jimmy Cifala show I
Would think so oh
My god, where the hell are they persons 25 54 where is W I OD the I love dreams baby? Where is it?
They just dropped slightly from a 2.2 from tied for 14th to 18th with a 2.0. Wow. That's pretty weak. What about in men? I know Jimmy likes his men
Let's see
Where is
Men 18 plus mornings you got it no all the numbers have gone I
Have nothing so surely I'm just stalling for time. Okay, it should be obvious to you after all these years
I see 10 to 3 3 to 7
7 to midnight what happened to my 6 to 10 a.m
Many things lost oh here it is right here right in my fat hand
Let's see w. I OD not on the first page. We got a 3.0 worth of bottom of the first page. We'll release around a first page
3 1 down to a 2 8. Uh-oh from 9th to tied for 12th with the coast and M.I.V
Dropping precipitously what about midday now that footsies gone huh 10 to 3 I OD
See all they care about here these goofballs of ours is across the street in us. They don't care about IOD
Ironsy they were a flat midday 3.0 to a 3.0. So I guess footsie was no great loss. Oh
No, that's persons 25 54 excuse me
They beat us in that but then again that includes rush. See that's rush
rush rush
I'm just sick and tired of that fat fart already. No, I avoid them deathfully me too
Pill pop and fat fart
Comedian rush limbaugh is older man calls him. Let's see middays where's w. I.O.D. Are they on the first page? Oh, yeah
Look at that 5353 flat in men
Which means that the Nazis got a lot of diaries again here
Not good
First with CMQ F.A.M.A. with a 10 point four share W CMQ F.M. is number one and men in midday no speaking English
No speaking English
How do you like that? Uh-huh W CMQ F.A.M.A
You people gotta be schmittin me man. You have to be joking I
Rather see the coast be number one anything
Then some no speaking English station
God you think we were working in a foreign country or something
No speaking English
Robertsons me a thing here. It's his gay or not gay a football team have come up with a cheeky new way to score from a free kick
Players from Italian side cut out Katania
Distracted the opposition goalkeeper by standing in front of him dropping their shorts and moaning him
The
Succeedion team from Italy's top flight series a carried out the maneuver to perfection as Giuseppe Mescara scored during a three to two and over Torino on Sunday
Katania chief executive Pietro La Monaco say yesterday. That's is a strategy that coach Walter something tries continually in training
former Italian referees chief Paolo Sessadin says it was unsportsman like
And Scotland's former top ref you Dallas agreed that Torino got a bum deal. Oh, is that a clever play on words or what?
However, he said the lowdown tactic was on unlike the to catch on in Scotland first though. I think it would just be too cold to do something like that here
He said
Maybe the dolphins can start doing that they can start moaning guys. What do you think? What do you think?
How about this week against the of
Patriots maybe Matt Castle dropped his drawers? You like that wouldn't you? No, I love it. Hey Matt
Mike from Pembroke Pine says been a fan of yours for years was wondering how to find some of those classics used to be able to play before the Nazis made you stop
Well, you can't Mike. You just can't I'm sorry, but you can't like restitution condolese
I as possible. I like to acquire these classics so me and my dad can have a good life when needed love your show
Hope it lasts for a long time. Thanks Mike from Pembroke Pines, but we can't we'd like to oblige but can't do it can't do it pali
Not even for old time sake
Tom and Todd and Hollywood says he likes his ice cream with peanut butter
I haven't even gotten to the days pool yet, and I'm embarrassed it sucks
I'm sorry Charlie B. Thank you for the great pool
That's right. How do you most often eat ice cream?
In a bowl 84 right out of the carton 53 in a cone 19 looking it off somebody's body nine and a Sunday eight on a stick
Six yes, stick it stick it in a ticket. I like it but can't eat it five on a pie or in a cake five. What about ice cream sandwich?
Wouldn't that be with your fingers?
No, what are you talking about? Oh, okay. I eat my ice cream sandwich with a knife and fork
How would you most in a nice cream sandwich? All right
Jesus you are so are you know one of your wife wants to just blaze a trail of fire under your ass
On a pyro indicate five. I don't like ice cream for at Nuke at first, too
I didn't get to vote for that I would have but you finally put it on there now what the guy just say
I don't know oh with peanut butter. Oh
You don't know because you weren't listening when I read his very a Todd in the Hollywood sorry Todd
Georgia ain't paying attention what he's busy worrying about when it's gonna be two o'clock and quite frankly
It's wood buying Wednesday by the way
Just gone
The best
Think fourth leader
One along that was man
No, sports radio five sixty QAM the sports leader
Here's a preview of the all-new season of 24
Drop the interest rates. Yeah, I don't have the power to do that and you drop the interest rates now
Interest rates are controlled by you know it
I'll have to call on emergency meeting of the Federal Reserve do it
Thank you for calling the Federal Reserve we're experiencing
Extremely heavy call volume right now
Jack he didn't buy any chance by a big ugly house on a tiny little lot
To a neighborhood full of big ugly houses on tiny little rocks did you yeah, and you put no money down right
Uh-uh, I'm guessing it was much more house than you need it
Uh-uh, and you knew the interest rate would go up
They told me the value of my house would keep going up forever and you believe them. I think you know what to do Jack
I show you 24 returns on November 23rd
Oh, wait 14 to 11 at 560 WQAM the Dow's down 68 point. Here's a real selling opportunity by the way
I wonder when Marie is gonna start chiming in
The fake real yeah, oh, and don't forget to go see George this Saturday
Okay, and we can have a big celebration. Hey our waiting is we're all that bad. They're not that good, but
What about magic? We don't care. Do you believe in magic? Oh, yeah
Me too John Sebastian believed it now. He's dead
Is he dead? That's what we hear no no, he's not
John he's a bastard. Oh, I have to do it. I
Think you're wrong from the love of the gloves in the spoonful of ice cream
Can't believe we're getting a lot of votes in that poll that poll sucks. God. It's bad. Sorry Charlie
I know we've got some other ones loaded there for the rest of the week. Thanks very much for your hard work
He had one good one on there from last week Charlie beam
I don't remember what which one it was, but it was one really good one and then the rest of them
Like that. It's not easy coming up with an interesting pool still I just ask go footy. What still I right John Sebastian still alive 64
Do you believe in magic?
How come they don't use that on that station?
Maybe they did once and got tired of it. Maybe Ricky Tiki would know you know
I answered Ricky Tiki's
Happy birthday email well from I don't know
Long ago and he never he never reads that stuff nobody reads my space anymore my space is out
And don't tell me that Facebook isn't okay. I'm not moving from one tragedy to another one
Well that my space took years off my life remember that
Took you what I said
I'm looking to see if there's anything I left out here there might be of interest in these ratings
Life is number one in midday 8.9 share life the music of your life the carpenter is Michael Bolton and some other real
Slush Gloria Estefan. What what do they play on life now?
I remember once upon a time they used to play almost all instrumentals
So people that work like in
Doctors and dentists or offices and things like that or people work in any office elevators music
Yeah, they listen to elevator music all day so they put it down. Oh, we listen to life
Nobody voluntarily listens to life unless you're an idiot
Persons 25 to 54 my ass life
Radio on more is second boy you talk about spows and your foes my god
Just because Obama when the election does any we have to go nuts here with minorities Jesus crazed
Coast is number three in a person's 25 50 where that almost makes me happy they dropped from second and again the same thing
Slush back on music elevator music CMQ FAM is fourth
What what do they have on don't they have those two guys or something? I thought they were on in the morning
There's two guys who are supposedly funny on C.M. Q. I don't know they pop around. I don't keep track of that
You'll have to ask some other Julio that actually they pop around hot 105 is fourth in the morning EDR in them in day
In persons 25 54. Oh, let's see how run an old Paul did by the way
Man 18 plus
How they doing the morning
Whoa
Four three out of a three nine from seven to a tie from six
Not a big drop in the standings there, but nevertheless a half a notch they dropped a half a notch
Of course who the hell are we to talk many team plus?
And of course all of our men are like over the age of a hundred
The living and breathing man well, they don't want to hit that old Neil
We want George back again to talk about roller skating. Yeah, right. They do they want you man
They don't want me anymore. I'm done
Although we went ahead close to a seven-share in October if
We could just get rid of a September and July and
Course November was my birthday month and the election and everything like that
We might we might kick ass in this fall book. What are you saying the dolphins? Yeah?
I doubt it. Let's see big. How's big in the morning? I mean in the midday
Where the hell are they? Oh my god three two down to a two nine
Even we beat them in men. We had a three four. That's ten to three. So we had like a I don't know three eight and
A midday they had a two point nine
How long are they on from six a.m. Till midnight or something pull in the old Ron?
Ancient Paul and Jerry Atric Ron
Do we know adult they're out there out there on for like a million hours. I know that and
And boy he sure wanted in a Q.A. I'm so badly cast and over the night lied about it
That was great. That was good stuff
Lied through his teeth. Oh, no, you're making that up Neil
Don't believe anything. Meal says although I did have dinner with Neil at the song rise last night at the Nathan's yeah
Nathan's my ass. How do you do that? Okay, let's get to some of these emails
I got some really good stuff to oh before that and we had it just at the ass end of the show yesterday Andrew ass in the woods
dies I couldn't believe when you said that
Well, there you go. It's got a picture of him here too. He looks like a fat guy
Yeah, he looks like an okay get a guy
Boy he was 51
Sherman Oaks, California W.O.A.I.A.M. Radio is reporting the death of a local radio legend
Andrew Asswood
According to the station's website ass in the woods died of a massive heart attack of the Sherman Oaks, California home late Thursday
He was 51
Late Thursday and this is a Tuesday
Well, the news she doesn't and this is Wednesday last time I checked
Yeah, but I mean this is Tuesday that this thing came in
Before coming to the W.O.A.A.A.M. in 1997 ass would work the radio stations in several states including
Florida Wisconsin, Arizona in
2003 he was hired to become vice president general manager of Fox Sports Radio a unit of premier radio networks
He worked in Florida. He was the program director on this radio station once upon a time before muff came in
Before we came to the station didn't muff starts as the same time we did just before
Like just days before like yeah, well within a month or something like that
Remember that where did we have that lunch? It was at the place. It's not there anymore. It's taken out
No
Yes, they can now know it was not okay was all right
Stake and quail and Hollywood yeah, it's not there anymore. It's like no
I thought we had at ill-molino and plantase you might have had a lunch there
You know, I went to at least one with you and
I'm gonna do it right in the chair in a minute. You don't stop
I'm sure it was ill-molino but I was a good place to and it's not there anymore though
The original one of four laundry was still there by the gateway theater, but the one in the plantation no go no more
He was truly a valued mentor Andrew Asin the woods boss employee friend all around good guy who accomplished great things
From a radio network's president Charlie Rahili was quoted to sing on w.o.a. I's AM Webster about asked with
I am the pressure's building battle them going to go Joyce
He was diagnosed with cancer three years ago. We fought it to nationally telling friends failure is not an option
but
He failed
He was native of Elm Grove, Wisconsin was a lifelong green Bay Packers fan. Ah that explains it
That explains it
Once Brett Farve came back and to put on that jets uniform. That was the info Andrew's ass in the woods
He graduated from oh my god. He graduated from Albeon College in Michigan
W.A.L.M Albeon Michigan. I worked there in 1975. How do you like that?
And I broadcast Albeon College football and basketball did you know that I do know like sure as hell did
The Albeon Wildcats that was the high school team. I don't remember what the football the college team was
We went to hope michigan and uh oh aliphate all these other little
Dorky towns he survived by his wife Sandra and the sisters and in Lori funeral arrangements are pending
I'm not going to tell that story about him and I'll leave it to Norma Kent to tell us someday
It would just be bad form you know when somebody croaks
It was certainly not something I would have ever told while he was alive and not that he's dead
I don't know I might as well. Now I'm not going to do it
The Dow is down 82 point you know it
Right I do
Now would you tell it on the air? I I don't know
Well come on I'm looking for a little assistance here a little ass in the woods all uh
No probably not no it would be
And well what's the point of beating somebody up after especially died from cancer?
It was a young guy. If it wasn't your old just thinking about you know family members and things like that right that's right
Why do people need to know something?
Subrosal like that. I mean
Okay, here's the uphold so far
Oh well I'm getting old you know in my earlier days that I just blurred it or write out
To your question before yes, it looks like a Ron and Paul are on to 11 and then 11 to 2 is toast by himself
Oh my god to those guys sucker what toast yep
Toast wasn't young with the the the round table and blue Kenny and blow morning show
Oh
Get out all the good bits that we have in there and he just keeps bouncing back and forth war those flunky
Morning shows to another one toast somebody out of put him his ass in the toaster and put it on a high cook
What a he's the one that brought over that square table and crap from across the street
He's the one that sabotaged that great Kenny and blow morning show
Robert Creeper the grim reaper lord of the board
I'm telling you the minute I heard that I wanted to kill somebody
Probably Joe Bell
How do you most often eat ice cream as a Charlie B don't play me or Georgia or even fat Chris for this pull we had nothing to do with it
It just was the first one on the list
Let's see oh wait a minute
Oh the fake Greg Vue del Bubba's contract is up in January you blew it well. You know what too bad
I got a contract starts in January and you're tampering with my contract fake Greg Vue del
They just want to stop with his nonsense and they keep calling normal with fake phone numbers and fake names and yeah
But at least it keeps him off the streets
Of course if you were stuck in my comrie Alabama
You'd probably be looking for something else to do too all the time
I'm gonna be a joicing during the break good and then when we come back we'll read the results of the scintillating pull
There's a fairy
You're listening to sports radio 560 wqam
This is the neo-roger show
Your brain
Any questions
Governor Sarah Paley an unscripted unsensored unleashed right now on Mary King live
Governor I will do with the people of Alaska want me to do my wife is in Dodd hands
And he's got doors open for me. I invite you to come up to Alaska
Especially look at the resources again
I'm not gonna close any doors of opportunity and the and the doors open for me to do so
It would be something that I am who I am though and I got like I see it in some of those questions, you know regarding
Okay, I'm not gonna close any doors that perhaps would be in front of me and with
I'm not gonna close any door there in terms of opportunity to maybe there in the future
My god hands if he's got doors open for me
Again, I'm not gonna close any doors of opportunity
Don't get there up. We're almost out of time so quickly
Are you ready to run for the presidency is that something that would in I'm not gonna close any door there
In terms of opportunity that may be there in the future, but if it's right you don't run race to lose my goodness
Excellent, baby. I like that. Wow
I and I started to promote your appearance this weekend and then you interrupted or something. Yeah, I don't sorry. I keep doing that
Well don't do that or nobody else show up and they say oh jeez old man
You got no audience get paid to say
Uh comes he George the Saturday November 20th from what I'm interrupting
Oh, and by the way flees an idiot
You know yesterday, wait he's just another groupie of this show. He doesn't uh do his job
All he's interested in doing is sending me breathless emails
He says the word is that bubble love sponge is starting in 92 rock the beginning of the year. Oh my god
Oh my god. I bet he makes just as much of a big impact on the market is uh man cow remember that oh yeah
Who is bubble love sponge what who is that hey reject from Tampa oh
Who's on serious by the way and now this is this is the song and an answer that they're peddling me again with these fake emails
Oh, he's leaving the beginning of the year as contracts up and you blew it you had a chance to but you know something
Nobody negotiates through blind fake emails on the internet, okay?
I know that comes as a great surprise to the fake Greg Bidale and the fake fake sonny Fox and a fake
This one and that one but nobody negotiates with somebody by uh, you know
sending a bunch of blind fake emails. Oh, you really blew it this time screw them
I got a deal here five years and two a month and a half and I'm sticking it out
You see it? Oh look at that you must have good eyesight you
Yeah, exactly put it away. That's right
Sounds to me like people are contract tampering
I'm gonna sue the people that's serious for a trillion dollars then of course they ain't got it anyway 21 cents a share
Who the hell are they kidding the does down 20 124 by the way
The Dow is down when it down bail them out
I have very ambivalent feelings about that whole deal
Of course the auto industry probably never get the money anyway probably a Hank Palson get a lot of it and then Bernanke you get the other half
12 and a half billion a piece
Sounds like a good parting gift even the Hollywood squares they never gave parting gifts that good
Come see George this Saturday November 22 from three to five and Metro PCS 282 northeast eighth street in a homestead for your chance to see the ultimate college football championship game experience
The ultimate experience includes four tickets to the game on January 8th at Dolphin Stadium for pregame field passes and
Four fan fest until you get party tickets tickets tickets stick it to the ticket. So this Saturday
Three to five at homestead go see George pat him on a head say oh hi George
What that's exactly like you like the proud out there you like to mingle and bingo right jingle
So Lee who yesterday couldn't be bothered to give us the correct information on the McDonald's promotion when we were desperately trying to find out for the audience
Who wanted to you know go and partake
And we're begging and pleading with him give us the information is it in Palm Beach is it in just in Dayton?
Broward is it in Monroe? Yeah, what's what's the story if I couldn't be bothered sends you some stupid text message
Oh does Neil want me to call in?
That's what you got I think basically he had the potential for bringing a pretty good guy
I said then hanging around for 10 years with jolly joe look what that did him turn him into a walking turd
Oh, you can you can smell him coming
So to speak a walking turd oh must be fleek
Smells like crap
Here's when it says our needle are you kidding? I'd rather do you than George any day
Lath my ass off left my effing ass off it says LM FAO not just LM aO
Well, when did that start all these uh shorthand texting is that what it was?
Texting especially in the very early days. I mean they would charge you by the letter and by the way Norma
Don't be a schmuck. Okay. Don't be returning fake phone calls. There's nobody wants me on serious erects M or BM maybe BM
Which I just took a really good one
I
Had a successful movement there man even the sink and floatly would it she did if she would have given me a
Siting ovation
I gave myself a sitting ovation as a matter of fact her old says
Giving some good emails now. I'm telling you this thing is going over bigger than freaking a six million dollar man
I still keep thinking of that scene in network
mm-hmm
Lorraine Hobbs are bad-ass commie. Well, I can't say the inward. No, you can. Why not? Well, maybe if you wrap it
If I wrap it yeah, it's elephant
The thousand one sixteen. I just keep giving you that number so that a lot of you people can realize it's a selling opportunity and get out before it's too late before the
Number starts with a zero
I don't care what that pasty of bitch Maria says, you know get out
High neil. I prefer the email format myself not being a call in type. I left Florida long ago a few years before you came on the scene
I ended up touring with a singer songwriter actor for 30 years had a ball living in New York
San Francisco and Branson, Missouri
Before I felt the need to come back here to keep an eye and help out my dear ma who lives in cemetery village
I'm living in Hollywood never loved my amy much was happy to see in my rearview mirror
But felt it was the right thing to do to return
Anyhow I discovered your show around the alien Gonzalez time and it's helped tremendously with my attitude about being back here
I'm so grateful for you me too me too a herald thanks god for old neil
Your work is world class and it's incredible
There seem to be some author who don't realize how lucky they are to have your show to listen to it's as good as it gets
It's as good used to be as good as it gets now. It's as good as they let it get
Now that we do the water down joe bell version of the neil Roger show that miserable fat ass turd
I've wanted to communicate that to you for years now and since you're reading emails
I thought I'd write in thanks herald
It's great having you and George staying out with for a couple hours a day the best radio I've ever heard and I've lived in some hip markets
Thanks herald. Thank you herald for carrying enough to send you very best
How do you like that
somebody likes us
somebody likes us
I got all kinds of really great stuff some of it came in yesterday another one follow up from a fan his response
I'm telling you it's got to be Dan from Maryland. There is nobody else that dysfunctional on the face of the globe
a fan with it with another phonia email address. How about a name it just make up a name would be good
I
Got another ass looking one here. Oh, we got the Gary Goldbart is bad. I was asking about him
Yeah, wasn't I yes you were about G Goldbart in New Orleans. What's the streaming? Where's the archives?
Thank you Eric he finally gets around to saying
Boy you really must hate me. Yes, we do
What
I
They're always winding complaint then they pretend they're not winding
It's almost a former psychosis for you after being a rabid fan for over 25 years and almost never calling until you went email a few months ago
To have me categorized as some type of chronic in a class with jamba and I'm your friend is outrageous
I sent you only about four or five emails. Oh my god four or five hundred emails all relating to just wanting to hear the show
Is that really so bad?
He doesn't mention that they were costic psychotic hysterical like somehow, uh, you know, we were doing it to spite him or something
Anyway, after hearing myself being berated multiple times on Monday show for not writing. Thank you Eric immediately
I didn't know the archive was fixed until today
This was sent yesterday at 9.43 pm last night. Thank you. Thank you Eric
P.S. Please don't block my future emails
Believe me my crime I just wanted to hear the show shouldn't rise to that level of punishment
You never know I might have something interesting in the form of a feedback for uh listeners in the future
Thanks again Eric still live here in New Orleans GG. Oh
God
As if we care you know what I mean do we care he's still live in New Orleans?
Does it that warm your heart?
No, the concept of your heart would have been better heart is it hard dying over here
See people think that because they've been listening a long time and I'm not in grade
I appreciate people like when we did the appearance of golfing there were some people who went back to the KAT days
Have listened for like 30 years and then and then some and then and then this
200 E3 votes on that ice cream pool. Well, that's shocking
What's our goal in the bowl?
Say I just I just met my I just met my goal in the bowl
Oh, yeah, and I had a heavy heavy duty goal. What is it? I say 450 450 okay. That's what fat Chris says
And by the way, quit give me lectures about how I treat fat Chris and George and this and that I treat everybody just fine
This is a radio show
They'd like the abuse otherwise. They wouldn't be on here
Think with the kind of money these guys are getting paid if they didn't like abuse
They would be doing these jobs my god they can go out and pick grapes and make more than they're making this
Go out and work in the fields man with all those little aliens pick my nose and make more money now that's right
He could be picking digging for gold right now instead of sitting there listening all this hazer eye
Let me just take a quick peek. Oh good. There's no calls. I mean there isn't any reason why there should be but I'm just saying
Because you know me. I'm and that that that is one of my worst or here's the fake Barry Jackass
Muppet loves puns leaving serious at the end of the area syndication deal with Cox broadcasting. Well, that's great
Woo hoo. Oh, I hope he has a real good time with those people
Just wait till the first complaint comes in oh geez. We don't want that again. Oh, no
You
Here's somebody sends me an article about
Some homeless person. I don't even know what it is should I should I print it out?
I don't know if it's good. I don't know if it's good. I don't have it. See you don't understand how I do this I do but I never was
Even new email on me. Yeah, I click it open and I try to like get the the drift of it, you know the
The gist of it of it. Yeah, I heard what you said. Mm-hmm. That was down 99 by the way. It's under 100
It's under 100 on the down on the ass side
I'm now it's down 103 like I said. It's over 100. Sorry Maria. It looks like a selling opportunity to me
Get rid of that schlock stock
There's the president of the UAW. He's pissed off and 25 years. He says we want big money
We want billions and billions and billions and billions otherwise we're gonna fire all those people are all gonna lose their jobs
And then everybody's gonna have to buy like you know, it was good and what's gonna happen to my Corvette's if they closed down GM
Which isn't gonna happen. What would happen?
Nothing no more vets. I can't afford to be buying any more vets anyway
You kidding me?
They got a new one. It's like 110 grand or something like whether oh, it's just unbelievable. I haven't seen it yet
But I mean people have been describing it to me
Yeah
Maybe for Christmas maybe you're fed crystal by me a new vet say what you heard about that box
That's what the least you can do
The way I've gone to bat for you against all odds the way you treat clearance
The way you deny him every time he wants you on a weekend. I bet you jolly joe wants you on a weekend too
and the weekdays
These numbers weren't they weren't like god awful
You know, I mean we were dropping off for pretty weak months
But we must have done okay. We must have done especially men 2554 in October
And that's because I got the emails now that's because I bailed myself on the one thing
And this is the truth the one thing I've done over the years is reinvented the show
From time to time. Mm-hmm like when I used to have those boring guests on oh my god
I want to apologize for those shows again
Sorry
Leave
The best talent is the
D.A. Joe wing night for me doing an appearance for your five six weeks you and
This is good
The whole I think to do this
I got momo you there
Almost said how did you again how would you want I need more direction?
Okay, he's filling nothing
I'm looking for doctor slowing boy's voice never be sent dead
You problem almost says what you do here is you're pulling to a gas station see it asked the diet for direction
That's what I want you for all right. I'll write that skimmy sponge
I'm returning you to psychus
Yeah, good luck to you, but I'm lost
What else is new
Hey, are you gonna help me a kid cracking wise? All right make a life right
I said
What up? I said
You know your door is a job
It's not a job it's a door
I'll see here's put on breath omos and I don't care if you're smear the road with brain cell
Hey
Like I hear he's in the wrong way
Yeah, oh
He's playing chicken and I'll back down see show getting killed who is that guy?
Koby that you look like a jacks
Koby that's you
Yeah, they're right, but never mind that you can go in and try like a man
Oh
Oh
Or
1119 at 560 wqa. I'm happy Wednesday to it, but I'll tell you I am really ready to go and it's nasty looking
It's really murky and gray and it looks like wintertime you wonder why it's gonna snow later. It is too
Well don't tell me it's snowing already
I'm looking on top of the bus
And it looks like snow
Yeah, that must not be you must not be from here
It must to come in from like orilia or somewhere like that or really
Oh really well, let me take a peek and see what the temperatures because I'm sure the castronovas take a notes
Especially now that they had that awful trend. Oh my god
Minus four what that was at like 26
And it's gonna snow starting night and then overnight we're gonna have like five to ten centimeters
Ten centimeters like a couple of inches. Oh no
I sure wish I had a couple while anyway Thursday plus one sunny with a little more snow
And then Saturday minus two for a high
28 degrees for i but sunny all right. It's not windy. It's not so bad
That's called rationalizing now
Lex says I listen to sports radio religiously on 790 but as soon as 10 o'clock rolls around I switch to you guys
I would rather listen to my own screams of agony while having my fingernails pulled out and listen to my
Those debags and the other stationery and be tended to our long-lived and prosperous as Lex thanks Lex he says wow
That's what they're probably similar. They look at those numbers too. Wow. They really they went down
Down down. Got to got to go down and not up
Then of course that was just the very beginning of the dolphin of course the dolphin success story didn't start till uh november
Pretty much right end of october and then november yeah
So why don't everybody's jumping on the bandwagon that should help push us through the roof and other fall book
Oh, I'm smelling big bonus money, baby. I bet your pockos got plans for it already. I mean I got plans for it already
What are you laughing about? Oh, I can't make any plans for my money because everybody else. I know he's already got plans. Oh, I know what that's all about yeah. I know
Look just in case Charlie Beel's still got those four polls listed up there and waiting
306 votes on a pool. What do we say our goal was three ten and then we go home?
Yes, how do you most often eat ice cream in a but this is a horrible pool. How do you most often eat it with my mouth?
Yeah, oh there's that the fruitcake. There's that uh Ali uh
Feltcher on CNN. He's getting ready to articulate
In a bowl 142 that's where I do it in the bowl
Right out of the carton 70 that's me. I knew it and I eat it right out of the carton
I can't even remember last time I put ice cream in a bowl. What would be the point?
Well
To eat it huh to eat it. No, no, but I'm saying what would be the point when I know I'm gonna finish whatever's in the carton anyway
Well some of us don't do it that way people well
I know people who like eat a scoop or two and they put it in a bowl and they put the rest in the freezer. Yeah, I know
I don't put the rest in the freezer. He put it in your lap. I put it in my mouth
Right out of the carton 70
Nuke it and the eat it in a cone 30
How about a waffle cone? Oh those are good. They are good
Extra sugar man get you really get up talk about a buzz
Look around everything will be in a fuzz because you got such a buzz when you're eating that waffle cone
What about those little sugar cones? What about them? Those are good. They're good
But the waffle cones are the cats pajamas. Yeah, that's right. So waffle cones got like about 80,000 calories
Licking it off somebody's body 13
Boy, I wonder if Brady Quinn's gonna be in town this weekend
Fish food off of Brady Quinn's chest
Uh in a Sunday 12. I don't like ice cream 11 now. I don't believe that
Wasn't it cordist that said he wasn't an ice cream guy? Or is it fat Chris? I said, I don't know a crave it like you do
I know that see everything has got to be just like the stern thing. I wasn't comparing myself to sterner to anybody else
I'm just I like ice cream. I don't have it very often
Okay, there you go and you guy like you can't afford to have it very often me either except every day
I think I had some yesterday. I can't even remember. Oh, it'll be the devil life is like a blur of sugar
I'm addicted to azucada maybe and of course if Cedar cruiser come back and sing those sweet songs in my ear
I can probably pass it
Well, was she a nasty bitch? A nook at first eight see I taught the audience that you got a nook at first
Especially when you buy your ice cream like in a little convenience store
And it's been and the pint has been sitting in there for like seven months
You know, and it's just frozen up blocking jerry's is so dense, you know, it's not whipped
Like our management
They not whipped right so you look at first. I got a new guy. I like it, but I can't eat it eight on a stick eight
On a pie or in a cake five in a sandwich ice cream sandwich only one
Solamente uno and an ice cream sandwich
Carvella you stay those flying saucers. Oh, there's alley felching is taking your calls and listening to your concerns on his radio show
Let's listen to oh, yeah, let's listen into alley felching radio show
To me to ask the question to on the phone hi Sebastian. Hey listen
I suggest you hold on second. I just want to give you all the phone number. It's eight seven seven two six
This is a guy who's on CNN radio probably six thousand radio stations and he's had pumping the phone number
My god, he's probably got as many calls as we got
None
Okay, here's this story and nothing I want any calls. I got a whole pile of stuff here
And the emails are just pouring in I can't wait to hear more from the fake Greg Vuelnell about how I blew it and we blew that serious deal
So serious wanted Neil, but he's too much of a coward to go branch out. He would have been so great
I'm so sick and tired of those people man. Oh, and I got to get to my fan. Oh, here's a good one
See rob in lauderdale and you've sent me so many of your ponderous emails and it's always DC rfm
And now he thinks because he doesn't put his name on the bottom of this one that I'm not gonna know who it is
His liver because he's got nothing else to say
Why do you cry when people repute but you have no trouble ripping fat Chris taking everyone else if you're gonna
Dish it out then be prepared to take it in I'm prepared
I enjoy it when I read it. Oh, I first of all
Nobody's compelling me to read any of that hostile mail on the air. I love it. That's my favorite
Rob
Get a new deal rob. Okay, you're not fooling anybody with that phony email address years
Jamie says a homelot this is a story
Homeless man has been sentenced nearly four years in prison ordered to pay more than a hundred one million dollars for starting two fires including one that burned more than
163,000 acres in California two years ago. He's gonna pay 100. Yeah, he's gonna pay the hundred one million
The soon-to-beige pays the goldman's got already he's homeless
50-year-old Stephen Emory butcher was convicted in February of starting places in the lost pardirais national forest in
2006 the 2006 fire rage for more than a month and cost more than 78 million dollars to suppress it injured 18 people
Destroyed 11 structures one of the fifth largest fire in California history the 2002 blaze burned 70 acres
It says sincerely one of Georgia's people
Jamie I
You say hi me hi me hi me hi me
I want to see from like hi me town maybe one of your people
The best talent
Thank you
The sports radio five forty solid
Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvey standby for news
Willie is driving through Texas with his friend Scott. I'll say it again Willie and Scott driving
through Texas
Willie gets pulled over by a state trooper for speeding
The trooper walks up to the driver's side of the car gets out his Billy Club and
smacks Willie across the face
stunned Willie asks why did you do that
The trooper responds while you're in Texas now son and you have that license out and ready when I arrive
I apologize sir. I'm not from around
Here
The trooper then walks to the passenger side of the car and taps on the window
Scott rolls down his window and the trooper takes out his Billy Club and smacks him across the face
What was that for as Scott? I know your kind says the trooper about two miles down the road
You would have looked at your buddy and said I wish that son of a bitch would have tried that with me
Paul Harvey good day
Good day and did Paul Harvey say son of a bitch. Oh my god. You can't say that. I already know
Maybe of a bitch, but not son of a bitch
1132 at 560 WQM
We are having a party in our pants today because the ratings came out and we're still on the air
Woot. Oh, and I never did mention the number across the street midday
Let's get that back on her because Jorge Sedano. He's a rising star of the future in the Neil wannabe a groupie
He's a groupie of mine
Let's see many teen plus we had a 3.4 10 to 3 so we had whatever we had
And where's Waxi are they on the first page? No
Are they on the second page? No
They're on the top of the third page though. They went from a 22 to a 23 well nobody wants to be running around with a 22
So they went from 18 to a tie for 17 tied with
Y 100 and on scare America at a 22. What Asia took a dive?
Now this would indicate to me that um not too many progressive liberal
Obama people are got the diaries again. Right
Because when scare America goes down. How do they do in the morning scare America?
I mean, I have no idea what they've got on or who or what a shame what a waste of that 50,000-mots signal
17 down to a 1-2. See what I mean?
Now if the Obama people if they living and breathing people would have gotten the diaries
They would have gone zooming on up there with their progressive scare America's shwil
Mar part says this is another chronic a email or but they listen and if I call you chronic that does mean we don't want your emails
Okay, don't stop with emails because the emails are sure better than I'm your friend. I'm your friend
See September was I'm your friend all month and
And October was emails I see that that's correct
Nobody in their right mind wants to your I'm your friend
Wonderful program. No, nobody wants to hear that swill
For four hours much less four minutes Johnny Joe though is too stupid to understand that
Oh, well if Neil would just screen the calls Joyce talked to all these other talk radio stage
Well, guess what the other talk radio shows don't do what Neil Rogers did
Okay, I'm not interested in what other people do and then I get that that's what really cracks me up about these people
Oh, you know he ripped off how or you wanted me I never even heard howard when I changed my show at INZ never even had heard him
But I was doing howard show what what is it that I do that's got anything to do with how we're talking about boobs and
broad I have never heard the similarity none one absolutely not anything else George anything else
Yeah, I'm gonna start doing that at the end of the show you'll kill me
I'll fall right over
Mar parts is I usually eat ice cream blended in the milkshake
Can you add that to the pool you want to put milkshake that that's not ice cream. I mean it's it
But if you want to get technical about it. No
All that we put ice cream sandwich on there
That's more than what that is ice cream
And what about milkshake ice cream milkshake is more than just ice cream it's milk and and like a malt is god like malt
Hmm
Flutes I don't care put it in the shape floats
You want to put milkshake on there go ahead and put on there get more votes for fat Chris
Chris gets paid by the vote by the way
They like you. I don't know what it is with the on remember we took that poll a couple days ago and you came out last which was really first
Mm-hmm of all the people that they wanted to vote off the show. I was very proud
You should say it loud and say it proud in fact. How much of a jolly Joe gives you double the goods this weekend
W attacked that that was down 195 dollar and 30 cent
Wow
Let's just sit here and I'm gonna keep like you look at how it worked for Rick Riley
Oh, I have an email from the fake Rick Riley. Where is it?
I got to get to all these good ones including the one from my the fan
I'm saving that though
Here it is
Down 194 what did I just say minute ago?
I don't know what down 188's making a comeback Maria Maria's got her foot on the break
Give us a break Neil give us a break. Okay. We want to sell this crap
Put some lipstick on that pig
Best regards the fake Rick Riley now and for all I know might be the real one
I don't know like you said yesterday who the hell knows if any of these people are real
Right other than Johnny dork. I don't believe that any of them are real Johnny dork
Any of them none
Even the ones who are like they have a name if it's a bish
Even I don't believe it. No
That's funny you said that because I was just an a virgin saying ishk bivle. Yeah. I always say ishk bivle
Do you know?
The dow's down 203.82 cent
I wonder if that series is down to like five cent yet
Don't make any deals normal. Okay. They can't afford first of all. What the hell would they pay me anyway
Even with my grotesque pay reduction starting in January
They're never gonna pay me that kind of money in a million years. They don't aren't gonna do it
Because I'm not from New York and I'm not one of Howard's ass kissers
So
Bubba loves fun to coin to flee is starting on what what is that station 93 FM is that what used to be Zeta is that what they butchered up and turned into a
Piece of turd
93
That in the rock
station is our quote-unquote rock so-called rock station. Yes
what crock station
That's Cox
A hoist no it's clear channel
No, no, well the one he's going to is that says he signed a deal with Cox going to a flee flee will tell y'all about it
He's the radioienta all right, bubba, bubba, bub
In fact flee can probably tell you the date that the the beast is gonna take over mid-days here on Q i m but you can
Hey, if they want to keep paying us more power to you beast. Let's get teens intensive. You and Don Bailey jr
and maybe you can maybe like two three times a week thinking you have Joseph gacchi on the days that they don't have
Drew Rosenstein and the days they don't have direct jurestry
Well, I'm telling you those what what is this company ever gonna learn
What is clearance ever going to learn? They just sit back and let him keep making the same mistakes over and over.
Now let me ask you, Fett, Chris, is Manage doing guest now or what? Because I know he used to hate guests.
I know he would before the football season started, he would have like the play by play guys come on for each team.
But I'm not sure if he's doing like regular. Well he has Warren Saap on actually.
Once a week. That's Saap.
And let me ask you how can Shannon Sharp still be on my TV on a weekend? How can he be on there?
I think isn't there some kind of computer chip that they can run it to get and keep him off my set?
An S chip? Yeah.
Stands for Shannon not so sharp. Yeah.
I think that you just make you mad.
Well, I flip it real fast. I don't watch the pregame and post him all those and even Danny boy.
All in and Jimmy Johnson when I see him on here, I just want to get a shotgun when I see his ass on my TV.
The fake Rick Riley says, well I must have been I was a bit skeptical when I heard about you knew I found newfound obsession reading emails on the air.
I thought it would be ponderous at best how wrong was I? This past week has been quite entertaining.
How often does one get to witness greatness descend into madness?
That's right. As a listener, I find myself wondering if you're conversing with real emailers, cranks, or just babbling to yourself.
Either way, it's great radio. You know something I could make them up.
I never really thought about that. I would have been able to make them up.
But I could do it. I could fast. I'm the one sending all the fake emails who else could pull off such a scam so masterfully.
Yes, it keeps us on our toes wondering if you finally lost your marbles or not.
Keep it up. Best regards are are. How do you like that?
R R R R.
Remember when they went to I and Z in the morning?
Yeah. Rick and Skud.
After I would be blue everybody out.
And then Rick decided he was a stock market maven.
And that is the end of Rick and Skud.
You mails with an inventory of emails.
I would get a familiar Mark Tarroma.
Biggest name.
The best town.
People with email projects.
Fort like you'll find sixty QAM.
The fourth week.
Howard David's a bitch.
Are you growing tired of sport already?
Oh, blah, blah, blah.
Well, we are too.
Let me just feel like.
Flea, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
How's that?
A management at 560WQAM finally grew a pair.
And we called on the Suds and Rick pulled out my floppy last night.
Oh, Kleenex.
Starting this Monday, 6010AM, it's the Suds and Rick show.
Jamit.
Only on 560WQAM.
145-560 WQM go to hell is right
What's all that noise oh they're drilling again mister? What now they're gonna finish with that erection?
Don't know the real Barry Macockner
You're what?
And why do you keep making me repeat that name?
Because it's funny. Well, that's what it's supposed to be. It's obviously a very what no very Mac
Why in hell does George think I see mailers aren't real?
I'm right by the way
You're gonna be very disturbed one time. I'm starting to get a scratchy throw
I am really good at these good days Friday. Oh geez. It's not I'm very upset what well Friday. We got a short show anyway
That's right 1245 we get out. Let me look at that again 45 with 35
35 I'm thinking like 12.05 sounds good to me
Let me take a puke at it okay because I've got the schedule. I've got your promo stapled of the schedule
So I can't see Friday
12
45 oh 45 see there's fat Chris again trying to shun work
He's just always trying to shy away. Yeah, cuz I'm only gonna be here for us 16 hours a day before so well
You know what quit your belly. Yeah, can you get paid by the hour? What else are you gonna be doing?
shoving ice cream down your tub. Yeah, exactly
Anyway, uh, Barry says I'm very upset over the revelation. I may not exist anyway. I love the show especially fat Chris and flea
That's not fake
That's fake. All right
Walt says about it and then I'm gonna get to um, ah geez
Here we go a fans response a fan
Number a fan I would read on the edge of my seat
Walt says like ice cream way too much can't eat it can eat it but won't that Schmidt will kill you but damn it
It tastes effing delicious. Don't think there's a bad flavor wrong about that
Then in juries makes lots of bad flavor since they sold out. Oh
God they make the worst and then cookie dough remember Rick rallies to be obsessed with cookie dough cookie dough. I hate it
What was that song used to play all the time?
Yeah, you do keep singing it no
Butter beginner strawberry or peach makes me have my party in my pants as well. Well good mix them all together have some neopolitan in your pants
You ever have a neopolitan in your pants just this morning in Napoli
You know, I sure don't want to go to Naples man all the slippers are there. Okay. Here's a fans response Jay font
Who I'm positive I I would I'd say 95% chance is still a
Dan from Maryland
Hey, Neil I heard you read my email this morning Sarah
I could be spark couldn't be spundering your show hours as I do have a job in life
I'm like a lot of your crank calling butt sucking listeners
Sorry that I ruffled your feathers with my email you didn't ruffle my feathers at all
Your response shows that I hit a nerve in that there was a lot of truth my statements see they always say the same thing
Because I responded and I lashed out and the ripped it to pieces therefore it shows you hit a nerve
You didn't hit any nerve not even the funny bone
Before I go on I want to know I've listened to your show for more than 20 years
I think you have a great deal to tell enjoy listening to the show
I also admire the fact that with all the roadblocks you continue to deliver an entertaining show four hours a day
I'm sure it's a tough task to do now my response. Yes, it is a tough task to do
It's a tough task just to motivate myself to get out of the sack and waddle in here in the morning and do all the
Cootraments that go along with the getting ready to do the show beforehand
like shave and shower and I
Never said you were not I intended an opinion on how it's turned you have you right to express an opinion as do I or anyone else
However, an opinion can still make you look foolish if I was to say I think a wopper is better tasting than a Ruth
Chris ribeye steak it would be my opinion, but people would know I was full of crap
See I didn't say anybody was better than Howard or worse than Howard
I wasn't comparing him anywhere. I was just expressing my opinion about his show and what he delivers. They're on serious
As opposed to what he used to deliver years ago. I wasn't comparing him to anything now
So where did that wopper come from and I don't want it
Listen, I'm on your side. I listen to you every day
I think your show is running at 30% capacity is still better than anything else on at this time
My only way and I'm waiting to hear this all right my only wishes that one day Howard will have you as a guest on his show
Announcing your new show where America can see your talents with no restrictions
It would be dynamite how it isn't gonna have me as a guest on his show
I don't want to be a guest on his show and I don't have an ego, okay?
And here comes one of the great lines of all time maybe Bob a Booey can take George out for lunch and teach him how to be a top notch producer
I only wish you a best friend. Hope that you have a great show today. I'm having a great show today
PS thank you so much for educating me on the difference between a jockey and a driver
I'm sure that that better wisdom will enhance my life somehow once again take care. Wish you the best a fan
Well, at least he had the
Decent seat to respond to follow up, you know like I requested but I'm sure it's a Dan from Maryland
Because it's the same thing the first time the first one ripping and tearing and shredding and then sucking up and looking and looking
And then you know the show is free the price is right you like it great. You know like it
That's great to have a lot of people listen who don't like it
Because they're massacres because they want to say man they want to bitch about how bad they think it is
The douse down 182 or bitch about the things I say on the air like about religions of pile of crap which anybody with a brain knows is true
Sure was funny yesterday near when you played fat Rosie and it had the gd word in it
I immediately said uh-oh and the second lady you said oh no and I fell in the floor laughing. That's a great sounding bit
I pasted this 18 new story
About these supposed new Buddha they see this guy has not drank or eaten anything in months. Well, that's great. Okay, delete
I don't read news stories. Sorry. I mean unless it's like you know real quick and to the point
Johnny Rotten in Orlando says left Orlando money morning and when we hit the turnpike
I hit the radio to am the signal was crystal queer
Unbelievable we reached our home in West Palm Beach the signal was scratchy and heavy with Cubans in the background
Why is it so clear 250 miles away? I scream in the bowl damn it since Johnny Rotten
Also says love you lots
That's for you Johnny dip
I don't want to uh let's see. I don't want to work is the song used to play. Oh yeah, I don't want to work
I just want to sit him on my ass all day. Isn't that you know the one that's right. Is that what it's um? I don't want to work. I just want to yeah
The moral says death to flee. I hate flee like poison. Please have somebody break his knees
Also, I was at the Coliseum last night. I saw Joe Bell in fact Chris sipping down some
Apple teenies then when the song its raining men came on they removed their shirts and started dirty dancing
I noticed they had each other's name tattooed on their chest
Then out of nowhere they took their pants off and started doing the electric slide
We're wearing nothing but speedos to a wham song. It was very disturbing
And I noticed that rob from Lauderdale by never fed stuff to that the caustic email from before I'm onto your ass rob and you're enjoying it
Just when I thought they couldn't get any worse. They embarrassed they embraced in a long passionate kiss and fact Chris's speedo started to pitch attempt and Joe Bell
Oh, no, I'm not gonna read that
He led Chris off the dance floor into the dark. I immediately started to dry. He death to flee says the mole
So flee never came in and give you the allot on my tunnels and that whole deal. No, of course I didn't ask
Well, why not you don't care because I don't care
You just don't care about too many things no wonder your wife wishes you would cry just dying a fiery crash
She does and a blazing iron. I know that I don't make things like that up. That's too serial
Oh, Niels going to serious the next time start the room where he's going to series the great great
$1.00 is getting them on air and sunny fox and all the other fakers the fake Adam Kirschner the fake at Andy. What was the name?
Cald Cald
I had a mental block at a brain fart on Andy kelp go as like tiny had a brain fart a real fart
dropped a little number on the floor and Andy's definitely into it. Oh, yeah, I don't know about that
That was my favorite. That was one of tiny's greatest moments
I'm back listening again now that the elections are over and you don't talk about
President Bush anymore. I've been listening since the WIO D days says Ricardo by the way stern is a copycat
Keep up the good work. See now just gratuitous shots in my good friend Howard
Copycat
Who's he copying?
Don't ask me everybody in his business gets accused of copying somebody else now Joey Reynolds of course
He he stole everybody's material just like cast and over does
But as far as being a copycat
I don't really know any I mean do you know anybody who's like a Phil Henry copycat or does voices?
I don't no
Although Stan major was kind of like a
Copycat how'd that work out for a Stan?
I think that's show on the Milky Way dark on the candy bars and the watches
I think those shows and I would do kind of put stand over the edge remember that mm-hmm
What kind of content do I guess anything decide you Stan?
Last time he was on somebody show
Whoever the host was I remember what they asked him about me and he referred to me as an overpaid town
I remember that remember that yep overpaid talent bit for good for hit lucky. Yeah. Thank God for him and a two grand
Stan major now a news talk radio six 10 W I O D if you missed the last show
You miss this well then what the hell is your problem came is in New York?
What you would do is your I don't want came back. I just told you that well then who do you want?
I do you want you want Alan?
I think you want Joey Reynolds
They what the hell do you want in the air silence?
Is that all we have to do? What do you give me a name?
But is that all you want? Is that all we have to do?
Kind of content do you want during two to six?
Here the next Stan major show this afternoon at two on new top radio six 10 W I O D
What's the biggest name?
The best talent
You know, you know, projects sports radio five sixty QAM
Fourth leader
The biggest names the best talent. Are you sure you're listening to sports radio five sixty WQ AM
Miami for the other day. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to one hour on QAM
The
Governor Sarah Palin unleashed you may be seeing more interviews with her than you ever did during the election and tracked a lot more
Oh, yeah as a
Transgender you never wanted to be with other men
Thanks, but no thanks and then you're having steps three times a day with different girls or sing girl now
Jane the engineer and Molly the dental hygienist and hockey moms across the nation wow
Wow, why do you have sex with her back for dicks? I don't know why you wouldn't so do you or do you not have a Vagajay ready to be tapped?
Ask a pipeline make no mistake about it. She's the bonsai pipeline 12 known at five sixty
WQ AM I'm starting to get a scratchy through it. I'll be sick here for a couple months
And
I'm gonna come back on serious are you no Fred Souter who's just obsessed with this show
Hmm
Says the song we're convinced used to always play in the morning so there's a cover version of Todd runggren's land of a thousand dances
I forget what the title of the song was in the DCS back in the day the lyrics included
I got to work. I went to bang on the drum all day had different drops played over it. Thanks Fred
It is a Todd runggren song. I'm downloading it right now and it's called song you were singing go like this
I don't want to work. I just want to play in the drums all day something like that. Yes Greg the song is called
I don't want to work. I just want to bang on the drum all day. Yeah. That's what it's called. We got it. I'm getting it as we speak. Oh
Georgia's getting it. Give me a minute
time me
Now I want to congratulate somebody out there in radio land. It takes a pair of big gigantic heavyweight balls
To come out of the closet robin waterdale remember why I taught I caught him my red handed with that little shot. He took it me
I'll fast up. I love your show and you can rip me as much as you want. I laugh my rear off every day
Thanks for the good times and George still sucks. This is robin waterdale. Uh-huh
You still suck George. Uh-huh
Now rob is one of those names that's pretty uh, that's like an erotic name. You know, I mean rob may be ugly as sin
But rob is like rob blow, you know
Yeah
And I one once upon a time
Yeah, I uh, I did a rob
Okay, yeah, did you do a rob low? Yeah, and high and then between the dows down 194 points. Are we gonna hear that song or not?
I
Don't want to give me work. I want to bang on the drum all day and umpa umpa umpa see my my idea of Rick Rick Riley's
My impression of his interpretation of what he show was was umpa umpa like that, you know
No, that doesn't make any sense to a lot of people, but I think you relate you understand what I'm saying. No
No
Like kind of a circus thing, you know, I see
Oh
Jamis
Well, I can't help it if you don't like it. I got it in the squad
I
Oh
That's
I like Todd Runker.
I like him just fine.
Remember NAS?
No, was he with the NAS, the song I saw the light was that time Runker and the NAS,
that was just by himself.
I saw the light.
That was a good song.
You got it?
No, not that.
He's a crap like that you got, but I saw the light, which is a great song I thought
about.
And NAS?
And the father.
And NAS without NAS.
Without NAS?
Yeah, those who know I'm saying he's without NAS.
He Todd.
You can go ahead.
This was a big hit.
You know?
That means I have it.
If it was a big hit, I have it.
I didn't even have to be a big hit.
But it had to be something.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I want to guess the year?
Oh, 68.
Oh no, way out.
72.
Wow.
Randy placed that song all the time on our show.
Love the show, Steve.
How do you like that?
Randy is playing that song.
Which one?
This one here or the other?
The other one?
The third one.
The third one.
The third one.
The third one.
The third one.
The third one.
The third one.
I was wondering if they had saved him.
Oh!
This is an election morning.
十 two people.
That wouldn't be John.
Some people have been going around me since I was a kid.
And someone cracked the affects you
ask them to keep those thoughts in the hanq.
I don'totional about it either.
Why, one mind?
You don't count.
Remember?
れた…
Just let me walk you.
Are you interested.
on a show compared to the FCC imposed and joy scene imposed restrictions on your show.
His show is akin to rectal itch you can't reach more of an annoyance than anything.
He couldn't do the show that you have to do with all the ridiculous parameters placed
on you.
And this includes Bobbibu is producing skills versus George.
How do you like that?
Thank you, Larry.
Thank you, Larry.
Larry, who's just got his tongue so far up our collective ass that it's going to come
out of our ear one day.
You know, I feel horrible for all the lousy guests that I booked for your show.
Yeah.
And where the hell are all those celebrities with those great celebrities?
It was very John Stamos.
He's old enough to be sorely inadequate.
John Stamos was really something when he was on TV, General Hospital.
What was the character he played on General Hospital?
Asked me?
Yeah.
How much the gay ass America is?
New York soap operas?
I don't know.
How much it does?
Spick soap up right now.
Blacky.
Blacky.
You just came to me.
And the name too.
Fake clearances after one of my 1000 meetings with Jolly Joe yesterday, we decided to put
some limits on QAM.
One, oh, I hear you're a thing there.
Yeah.
Is that normal?
No.
I told you what his response was.
Yeah, he's getting sucked into all that phony.
It's all a big scam, normal.
Okay, go to court and save somebody, General.
You're querying about all this serious crap.
One, limiting big old only 20 times on ear each week down from 50.
Two, the amount of spots your rose can do each hour from 200 to 199.
We love money.
Three, the amount of times mad dog can take vacations per week from three to one.
Four, the amount of times fat ass, crisp and locked lips with Jolly Joe each day.
Jolly Joe can't get any work done because Tubby won't stop kissing ass.
With more changes, Pennay, I hope you passed these long.
Sign the fake clearance.
How do you like that?
Fatso?
The person who has eye on you believe you.
He's got his eye on you and that's because you work on his show.
See, he was trying to wean you off the show.
That's why he kept sticking on around the weekend with the football games.
He's trying to wean you off the show in hopes that maybe someday he can actually like
you a little bit.
Shocking Stan major information from Sam.
Neil, it seems SM has an internet talk show.
This is the lies from his site could be ponderous.
The lies.
Stan Mages have been broadcasting late night radio five hours a night, five days a week
for the last six years it says Stan is going to strong rapport with the audience as he
gives his listeners commentary on the hot topics of the week.
For instance, the UPS strike was just it'll just before Stan show and UPS workers were
able to call in all night to talk about it.
Stan was also talking about the body found in the houseboat of Miami Beach hours before
his broadcast on network news, possibly ending the Andrew Kunen and search for many.
Stan offers the best in late night talk with issues, comedy and phone calls.
Stan Mages has been broadcasting late night radio five hours a night, five days a week
for the last six years and then it just repeats the same thing.
Stan offers the best in late night talk with issues, comedy and phone calls, but he's still
not paying enough to pay Neil back the two grand.
Signed Sam.
I just thought I'd throw that in there.
Now you don't think he's ripping off anybody stuff do you?
Which way?
What if you could?
At least you don't have to rip off that laugh.
That gut wrenching laugh with him gut wrenching big still he's used to pop in his pus all
the time.
If you want to see Stan major by the way go to our Neil Rogers dot con go to our website
and check out those pictures from that flea market appearance years ago.
Do we know what year that was?
Ninety.
Nineteen ninety and I owe Dean.
Nineteen ninety how do you know that?
It says on there he said that when he gave it to me it's posted on the description
above it below it.
Bobby Dan.
Nineteen ninety eighteen friggin years ago at the flea market and there was that one retardo
and was ponytail in there where I dream that.
You dream that you dropped that I dreamed it you dreamed it.
All I have to do is scream with the early brothers I guarantee I'd scream a lot if we
could make them look like they did like forty years ago but they don't.
Fifty years ago fifty years ago how much they be now the early brothers look it up don
and fill every.
Google it.
Can you imagine what they look like now?
Oh here's a good one speaking to that Sean from Tampa says you're old but today is
Sean's birthday so I'm not going to take that personal because I am old I'm old and
gross as opposed to young and gross.
I used to be young and gross now I'm old and gross.
Today is my birthday eleven nineteen sixty three forty five who you kiddin spring chicken
Sean.
I've been listening to you since even before you gave it a shot here in Tampa you and
Bob Lasseter I'm glad he's dead and what what kind of a comment is that Sean.
Seven one and sixty nine what ages.
Seventy one and sixty nine done and fill every.
Oh my god the old every brothers.
I was taking out your pics of Gulfstream park appearance I can't believe how old you
look keep up the good work.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha say Sean and Tampa okay you keep it up to Sean you're forty five
it won't be up too long I got some great free spots for my Seattle's in the bag for
you.
Every one of those spam emails I get every single one of them.
I mean most of my just immediately put in the junk file but if you ever open one up
by accident all it's got is pictures of I grew in Seattle's and all those other peels
got a bunch of peels.
What is that all about what do you mean.
What don't you understand why is there such a flood of those damn spams.
They're targeting their audience while they're targeting the wrong guys and oh here's
one from the Cisco who says might be a good guy but he's a jerk on the year the big
O and he's on so much I think they're going to change the name of the station five six
oh big O queer a M.
Or is this goes kind of certainly today.
Now do you hear from him anymore unlike my space if that was that one ninety by the way
Obama picks Tom Dashel be the secretary of HHS Health and Human Services.
Tom Dashel.
And we're Tom I do kind of a boring guy but a good guy boring.
Kind of like flea you know good guy but incredibly boring.
Now he's not going to be back on his show again anytime soon as he fans though I don't think so.
You don't think so.
I don't think so.
What do you mean by that.
So in other words you're going to be here every day for ever.
I believe in that.
I've got another month and a half of football.
Yeah but the canes are done after.
No they're done all right.
After tomorrow night.
No that's their next last game they have one more game but it's on the Saturday.
And who they playing.
They're playing faster.
No the last game you should have NC State they're playing Georgia Tech tomorrow.
Yeah I know who they're playing tomorrow I didn't ask you about tomorrow.
NC State is their last game.
Are they any good?
Not really.
No they start another little girls team.
Well you know they're like the dolphins they play another little girls team Sunday my Patriots.
Wouldn't that be something if the Patriots with all those injuries actually came back and turned around that grotesque
that embarrassing humiliating performance from the first meeting.
What was the final score that came like 38 to 3 or something?
No I wasn't that bad.
It wasn't that bad.
It was pathetic.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It was no logist.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
I think 4th leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
You manage.
Captain Irons.
4 to 7.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
V.S.
4th leader.
Were you fudged back then?
Mickey Mouse is all this.
Goopie's speaking.
Good morning Goofy.
It's Walt Disney president CEO Robert Eiger.
Louis Hall.
Oh man I feel fantastic.
Sixty three million bucks for Madagascar to escape the Africa.
I'm going to buy me a Pimco.
A what?
You know one of those big long jobbies with the same day of a junior car?
Sir you know Madagascar isn't ours. It's it's stream works.
Yeah well we all mat.
No sir that's paramount.
I put out the animated movies.
You mean to tell me that Spielberg doesn't work for me?
No sir but high school musical did have another big weekend 9.3 million.
Hey Eiger sir.
Did you take math in school?
Yes.
What's number's bigger?
9.3.
What a sixty three.
That would be sixty three sir.
That would be sixty three sir.
Get the CEO on my short puff of gold star.
Hey by the way what do we pay in those Jonas brothers?
Well so it's been time for me.
Albums they sell you know how those movies do you know all that sort of sir.
What?
I see the ugly one.
None of the girls want to have sex with battle Lamborghini.
Well I could sir according to the JB website he borrowed it.
First of all I had a fat one of you doing on a Jonas brothers website.
I better not see you on date lines to catch a predator walking in some house with a bag of beer and condoms.
And second of all who went to someone borrow Lamborghini?
I believe it was Frankie Munez's car.
Frankie Munez.
Munez.
Munez.
Munez.
Munez.
Munez.
Munez.
Sir it's Frankie Munez you know the one from Malcolm in the middle and Agent Cody Banks.
So long you've been on his website lately.
Well not to see you got engaged to his tutor slash caregiver.
He says are you on some kind of list somewhere.
You got to notify the neighbors when you're moving.
I don't follow sir.
You don't follow especially if their parents are with him.
You can't even control the children girls.
Well sir it's not my fault that Adrian Baylon showed her Darrier and the pictures
got out.
I'm not mad that the pictures got out.
I'm mad that I didn't see him first.
But he's got no the chain of theft.
Sir you lost me.
Oh my god.
A kindergarten all a big wheel could lose you.
I'm saying all that porn's got to go through me first.
Who do you think that food of jealous first was?
Anette's footage yellow.
It wasn't Frankie Avillade it was me.
I was the first one to play naked beach blanket bingo with that.
I really don't want to hear about you and anette for the show.
I don't give a fuck what you want to hear about.
Why you got to go?
Are you in the backyard against chat room trying to make new friends?
Oh they have a chat room.
Are you a sh**?
What are you saying there at the end?
I don't know I missed it.
Should we dump it?
No.
Good.
Well no there's not going to be anything on there that we're going to have to dump.
Are you kidding me?
Now what was that bit by Pettin Gurdier yesterday?
It was actually good.
Oh he was doing the Christmas Matthews.
A little bit stupid.
A little bit stupid.
A little bit stupid.
Is there any new Christmas Matthews on there?
No they're just all on there.
Well that's good.
Anyway here's the poll 417 votes.
What did we say the goal was 450?
Yeah.
Or you can do 500 easy.
Easy.
What?
Calm down there.
Yeah.
How often do you most often do you ask him see one thing about Chris you don't mind dead air he's got no concept of.
There they are in fact we got a couple of spots.
A couple of spots.
We got a couple of spots that are just loaded with dead air there's that one where there's a long long pause in the guy from some moment even like long before you ever walked into this building.
That was one of the first things that I noticed my first day is that dead air meant nothing to these people.
The thousand down to 15 know as long as the transmitter is the tubes are glowing the final tubes.
Oh I got a hostile email from the real Johnny dark I worked with Howard you couldn't hold a candle to his ass.
Well guess what somebody hold a candle to your ass Johnny wouldn't be the first time from what I'm hearing I Google Johnny dark and of course is like been 600 Johnny darks but your close personal buddy Johnny and my former friend Johnny dark.
I didn't know he worked at W.Y. and the inser is soda and 66 I work there in W.Y. and the 73 for a month and packs and never paid me because I quit and went back to W.S.P.V.
How do you like that?
Okay W.S.R.F. and for a lot of day there is a good one nineteen hundred on the dial.
She W.M.I.Q. Wokey and Milwaukee and Milwaukee be a good place for Johnny dark you know a lot of beer and brought worse than red next not these W.R.K.O. and Boston W.N.V.C. in New York.
Oh that's where he must have rubbed elbows with Howard or rubbed something that's where Howard stuck a candle of Johnny's ass W.H.T. and Boston W.H.Q.O. and Scohegan main the owner.
He was the owner.
The coast in Miami in the 91 and W.K.I. is 2002 now Johnny says as a March let's see March 07.
I'm doing weekends in fill in a country kiss W.K.I.S Miami Florida.
That's the quote flash.
Isn't he gone from there now?
What's he doing now?
Maybe he's holding a candle to Howard's ass.
Maybe he's just looking Bob the booze ass.
I don't know.
You couldn't hold a candle with him. Well good I don't want to hold a candle to him or you either just.
Here's the poll how how do you want stuff in the ice cream and even the wording of a desolquered it's a horrible poll Charlie.
But thanks for that pile of polls man I like it and I'm taking George's advice and now I just email him directly to highlight whichever one I want and I email him right there.
I don't have to fax him.
Right.
And Eric is right on top of it man. There you go just forward it along.
Yeah.
Well I'm you know I'm not so slow to learn.
Oh you finally decided to use emails on the show.
I use you as an example all the time when people when people have a signal here irrational fear of learning something new I say if that old fart Neil can figure this out.
That's right.
I'm on this computer all end by the way I'm not watching any porn on here either I'm too old for that.
I'm not.
I mean once upon a time I was like kind of yeah well I checked out what was on it most of it is so bad like the thing that lemon what was it lemon grass.
Oh my god I'd rather I'd rather stuff an elephant.
I'm out and then look at that again.
How do you most often need to ask him how do you eat it.
432 votes on the poll how many you got under tummy.
I have for 35 see we're zooming up there we'll do 500 easy we do 500.
Chris gets a big raise.
All right in a bowl 186 right out of the cart 92 in a cone 41 I like it but I can't eat it 17 in a Sunday 15.
There's nothing like a hot fudge Sunday on a good flavor.
Not on vanilla.
It's so boring like McDonald's you know I mean they got the idea right with the little Sundays you know.
But why doesn't it have to be on that vanilla soft serve.
Why can't it be like I'm chocolate soft serve.
Good.
Yeah what's wrong with them because actually in my old age I'm starting to get electing from Mickey D's since that old bag said I mean you want this senior diet coke.
And I went like that I knocked her Chinese head right off her Chinese neck.
I don't like ice cream 14 I don't believe that.
How can you not that's like saying I don't like it's any owner they have cold sensitive teeth like some of us did.
Oh that one that one tooth of mine is I hope you know there was nothing wrong they x rated.
I got a great dentist that's the one thing I will say I got a great dentist.
I'll crappy bank but then again is the right thing such as a good bank.
Not the crappy bank down there and I got an even crappier one here you deposit a U.S. check they hold it for 24 business days.
24 business days which is like a month and a half.
Yeah yeah.
Licking it off somebody's body 14 ice cream.
Nuket first 12 of course on a stick 12 on a pie or in a cake five.
Yeah then ice cream cake roll man I haven't had that in years that was good stuff don't they make that a Carvelle.
I don't know.
Milk shake for in a sandwich three ice cream sandwich or floats to eat the ice cream and believe me it floats.
I'm the biggest name of the best ever.
You know his new largest sports radio five sixty Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
Duff got off this instant.
Hello again everybody and welcome to the Miami Arena.
I'm Dave Halberstam along with me Dave Halberstam.
It's a great night for basketball.
You're not Dave Halberstam you're an imposter.
No I'm not. I'm Dave Halberstam.
If you're Dave Halberstam then do me.
I can't do you in essence I'd be doing myself.
I'll prove to you that I'm the real Dave Halberstam.
Bimbo brings the ball up he spots rice over the minor inside the cycle.
He shoots no good rebound spider Sally.
He jams at home good and the heat are on fire.
The heat laid 79 the 71 here on the heat radio never.
I'm not.
Hey get out of here I don't need a partner you're no good.
I'm good no good no good no good no good.
I'm good no good.
I haven't played that in a hundred years.
I have no idea who the hell those are guys were.
There you go.
Who was that Scotty Mac?
Oh how could I not know that I know.
Sonility Scotty Mac well I'm trying to forget him.
I'm hyperventilating.
Yeah there's that voice.
There's that squeaky voice.
I did that one time.
It was about 15 years old.
Hinesmos macho guilty or Scotty Mac.
Remember that trip to Vegas.
I'll never forget with a silly string the green silly string.
Yeah and the stink bombs.
I don't remember the stink bomb.
You don't?
No.
They have on the plane.
Yeah they set stink bombs off on the plane.
You have the sulfur ones the ones that come in the little glass things that too liquid.
Really?
It makes the sulfur smell smells like rotten eggs.
I thought maybe a Scotty Mac just farted real bad.
No.
I'm not going to say the dows down over 200 points because this next email or get a lot of emails today.
It's great.
This is what it's all about.
I never even mentioned we've been on two and a half hours that that slime ball Ted Stevens got beat in Alaska.
47.8 to 46.6 with 99% of the precincts in Mark Begich beat him.
Ted Stevens lost his seat.
There's another one for the Democrats.
So that's what 48.
That's 58.
58 and of course a Minnesota and Georgia.
They're still up for grabs.
They're still trying to grab it.
By the way, too much speaking of a Minnesota and Norm Coleman too bad about sitting the kid there across the street.
Man what bad numbers.
I guess he just got bad luck or maybe really bad show.
Maybe he suffers from that LOT that seems to infect most of them across the street.
LOT you know what that is?
Lack of talent.
Oh.
Stop with the stock market updates is no speaker.
I've listened to you since the bird days.
I met you in Tampa while you were in the market here at the Clearwater Mall with blob for a promo.
That was incredible.
We had 5,000 people show up in Clearwater on a Saturday afternoon.
That was amazing.
But I purposely turned off the news when the stock market report comes on because my 401k plan is in the schmitter.
You're making me sick with the updates.
I want to smile and forget all the crap for just a few hours a day.
Just stop already.
Say how do they have the former lady in the bridge tender?
Dead question mark.
I'm sure he must be dead.
And of course so is what must be what we can only hope.
And unfortunately so is she happy for him.
Another tough yoking.
Another tough yoking.
Don't take any bulls**t from him.
Thanks for calling.
Yeah.
Have the season pays off.
She was great and once he died man, that was the end of our show.
Yes she was.
Mike says fact Chris is a moron.
How do you like that?
They know all of your fat ass.
What did you know?
Fat Chris works on the Dolphins Fagship station.
Doesn't even remember that often score was 38 to 13 blowing out the Patriots.
Yeah, well I'm not a sports hole that you know why not dedicate my whole life to it.
So maybe Chris was passed out and died by the coma with a bag of ice over his rectum thanks to Jolly Joe.
And I wasn't working that a that game at the time.
So no, where did it watch it some a back on TV and revel in every moment of it.
I watched it and I loved it.
That performance that day by that New England team was so humiliated.
It was even well, I don't know.
I don't know what was worse.
The first half of the Jets game, which is they to showed up at all.
They would have won that game or they entire game against the fish.
They seem to have this thing about folding against the fish.
But then again, like I said when and it's not an excuse to just affect anybody knows anything about football.
Oh and by the way, how come a fan didn't apologize for his intemperate comments about my football allegiances?
Maybe I don't I'm not like a trained monkey in spite of what most is.
I don't like the root for teams on command.
I don't do shows on command.
You know, because I get some email or some stupid phone call, I'm going to like jump up and hop.
Like some kind of a house Negro.
Right.
Whoever that was, if you want to get mad, I don't remember any of the cane scores of Syria that I've worked every game.
Yeah, but who the hell would remember that crap?
My God, talk about a little girls teams.
The Canes.
Oh, it's the Canes.
There's Johnny Bauer, my favorite.
That's right.
That's a lot of money.
A lot of money.
Now, when when you go in to talk with Joe Bowen and Johnny Bauer,
what more than that's like dying and going to him.
It's 50 years of least, man.
You think about it change my allegiance, all of a sudden, because they suck.
They stink.
They go.
And what are they sign in Brian Burk by the way already?
Get out with it.
Get out with it.
And and hope you come out with a couple of things.
So what do you want?
Hockey or horse racing?
Hey, do we have to choose?
I have enough.
Young guys and enough.
There's a hockey with some other players.
The national network.
That panthers, Louis, three nothingly.
Didn't tampon.
How do we know?
Oh, that's embarrassing.
We from Dippity running the second spot, fleeting storm.
Up and on the pace.
Fire outside.
Deep down is rating along.
Here's the first region of the world.
In Maryland.
I bet you'd been from Maryland's been a Laurel race track.
I never have been.
I've driven through Baltimore, but I've never been any time in Maryland.
Did you ever go to Baltimore and hang out there?
No.
How about you, Faso?
Just driven through.
Yeah, just drove through there.
Real fast as a matter of fact.
And we looked like a really smarmy place.
Same with St. Louis.
Oh, wow.
Now maybe the highway in St. Louis goes through a real bad hood or something.
I don't know.
But whoa.
Whoa.
St. Louis.
I'll pass on that.
A lot of Catholics there too, by the way, St. Louis.
What are we going for?
We got 457 on the border.
Yeah, we already passed 457.
So let's go for five.
Let's go to KMOX.
Let's take the show to KMOX.
I'm sure that the old guy Bob, whatever his name was.
I'm sure he's dead by now.
They kept trying to hire me and then he kept having a secretary.
Is it true that you make comments against the Catholic church on the air?
And I'd say, what differences it make?
I mean, don't you people understand?
I don't know what you're talking about.
They wanted to hire me, but they wanted to make sure that I didn't knock the Catholic church on the air
because too many Catholics in St. Louis.
I'd have been great on KMOX.
Can you imagine?
No.
With that big 50,000-watt signal, I probably heard like an 80 states at night.
Ooh.
Here's one from T. Gain.
How Brenda Snipes Accuser Post is Broward Supervisor of Elections.
She gets Alan Lamberty to arrest her opponents, including anyone, who tried to exercise the public's right to observe the final accounts.
When it comes to elections in Broward County, or most anywhere in Florida, be afraid, be very afraid since T. Gain.
And you like that?
I don't.
Jackie says, I don't want to work.
I want to bang on the drum all day.
So Randy plays that too?
If that's true, that would be so embarrassing.
I'd be humiliated for her.
You know, and it's one thing to play like that.
Or like the Schmuck across the street with no ratings playing.
Roy!
And keep dropping that in.
Now, where did he get that stuff?
And of course, that's a stupid question, because all of our people have been schlepping back and forth across the street.
Right.
Geldy and jerks and this one and that one, like a revolving dormant.
There's a tram.
Mm-hmm.
There's a 24-7 jam right in front of the building, and it just keeps taking people back and forth across the street.
Ticket QAM, QAM, Ticket, back and forth, back and forth, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
And notice in this trend, there are some day parts you put both numbers together and you still have a crappy number.
Oh, but if we just had 600 sports stations, it's going to bring a lot more people to sports talk radio,
court the genius the ever-observant Ray Perry.
Oh my God.
The best name.
The best name is Neil Rogers, 4356QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
There are off sluggish start for our Christie Lee.
He's looking as fast as the way from the extreme outside Minnesota Mary Show's good early speed.
From between forces and season double maker with the more I can't talk to him.
I'm a piece in quiet.
Man, I don't need to listen to Barney Fag.
Barney Frank, Rangin in my ear because I made a few bucks off a book I worked on.
You fairy.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's rounds on queer street.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
H's toes and pets is monkey.
Women's clothes make him look real funky.
He has a whizz whizz and knows what to do.
He wants me and me.
Not you.
He lives on queer street.
Here at Thor for all the creature's feet.
I wonder what they're doing in there.
He said he liked the juxtapine.
He's a juxtapine.
He's a juxtapine.
He's a juxtapine.
He's a juxtapine.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's rounds on queer street.
He wants to hop the levy about the wind of the eye and neck from paint has been cream.
There's a second from Harris Chester.
Are you excited about that or what?
No.
I'm not either.
Here's one bank hold times.
Neil is much better than the president takes in the US and then wire to Canada.
See these people I guess assume I'm putting my paycheck into bank here or something like that.
No way Jose.
If I want to put cash in my Canadian account, I'll write a check off my Florida account.
Hold fund policies of Canada's major banks for checks drawn on a US institution.
I know this is somebody Canadian because it says CHE QES checks how British how Canadian A.
TD bank minimum 15 minutes days maximum 30 days.
BMO bank of Montreal maximum 30 calendar days C.I.B.C.
Normal 15 business days maximum 30 minutes days.
Scotiabank maximum 20 minutes days and we're all back of Canada 25.
They just do whatever the hell they want.
Here's one from Johnny Dark and it says retire.
Oh funny.
Retire.
No.
You're worst than I'm worst.
You could have been on the flagship post and Howard's second channel you idiot.
Yeah.
Sure I could have.
Just keep sending me more sputum okay more because I know that if I wanted to hire somebody I would do through a bunch of anonymous fake emails with all kinds of different people's names.
That's how I would hire somebody.
I guess Johnny isn't doing much these days.
He's got a lot of time to sit around and write stupid emails.
Retire.
Retire.
I guess Johnny did retire huh?
Plus to.
Is he working anywhere does anybody know?
I don't know.
I was wondering if he's like owned some radio station somewhere you know.
Get out of here that one in Maine.
Yeah whatever.
Pidly stuff.
I don't know what he's got.
You hear the sirens coming as soon as I mentioned Johnny Dork the sirens stirred out there.
You hear him loud loud and queer baby.
Here's one that says Neil why do they keep that fat ass Joe Bell around the guy's not even good to use is a bad example.
Oh.
Serious stock by the way 17 cents.
I just looked it up.
I just Google it.
I'm sorry I'm talking about stocks.
But I'm not talking about the market now.
What do you think about that email?
I think it's a service.
I think people want to know I mean I'm not going to do it in a rick Riley and be going to become a stock market maven or put the name gambling channel on.
Although I can't put the gambling channel on you want to hear it power lunch?
No saying and you know it's theater so you know they're saying it for their constituents.
Some of our favorite lines so so far don't put your last turn a kid on a dead man right maybe they should have jet pulled to Washington.
New verve.
Yeah don't put your last turn a kid on a dead man what a great line that is I like that use it on a dead man when some of the people in the market see those ratings.
The down the oil is 54 and a half bucks a barrel roll out the barrel and the loony is down to 80.55 cents just over 80 cents for the loony.
Oh keep going out about 30 cents then I'll be like to rich again in fact you know something if we would go back down to about like 50 cents.
That would make up for my law salary.
The mystery of Niels law salary that starts January 1 at a radio station near you.
So like Johnny says maybe I'll just retire.
Oh isn't it great when when you give people access to you that that's the best.
Yeah.
Neil you referred to a about me about Wayne I'll be selling the dolphins and buying QAM because I'm not going to have you guys.
Oh this is from the fake Wayne I'm not reading that don't get Baldy involvement so it's boring.
Neil can you play that moan guilty but that sounds like the good bad and the ugly.
What's my favorite the the mode the joy that something mode or a guilty.
Coming up.
Classic here's one T. let's see TSA names Miami Airport of the year.
M.I.A. when you fly there I sure don't want to good.
I wouldn't go there again man on a bet.
Especially coming up here they told you they put you're like in this little cocoon and you're like sealed in there like a prisoner and they're playing with your
boarding card and they're passing it around and their wife and each other's asked with an it's just ridiculous and you're you're stuck in there then.
Then when you finally get out of there they sit you down and you take off your shoes and your pantalones and your armpits and you know and they swab you down kind of like jolly jo and Chris.
Here's one from Lisa Neil I thought I'd come in with a possible upcoming pool of all the host on QAM which host would you most likely to spend the day with at their job.
I'll wait here if you got this or not a fan forever Nick and Marty I got it.
I don't know about that pull on keep it in mind I'll keep it in my pile.
Okay.
Well I'm looking at this joke.
Oh my god it just goes on and on.
Oh not funny sorry sorry Daisy it's not funny.
Neil what is a minion something about you have to wear a hat.
A minion or minion.
But what does that mean you wrote an email earlier how are you going to always minions oh minions oh so in other words this guy's illiterate well we have a lot of those people out there.
Yeah all his fillet minions.
Serious stocks 17 cents oh my god.
Wow nothing like jumping on the Titanic just before it hits gay before it hits rock bottom.
Right on.
Give up that crappy job you got you're going to take a big pick on January you know hot binder you could have been the flagship guy on how it's a 45th channel.
See this is the this is the problem with serious it's all about Howard you know they got some other people on there they got the forell is on there and they got they had the goofball from Tampa above the love sponge was not going back to terrestrial radio.
If it's so great how come that guy's going back to a terrestrial radio and wasn't he having to do like a second job at terrestrial radio while he was doing serious because they weren't paying him any money.
Yes yes don't ask me yes I'm telling you yes we had it.
On the airman right on this damn radio show we had it on here that's months ago.
So if they're paying people all this big money I which they aren't because when the stock is 17 cents a share man.
Oh maybe maybe Santa will put some serious in your stock in this winter serious.
Yeah.
A penny for your thoughts wouldn't be something that goes down like in single digits.
Like about five cents mm-hmm 17 cents.
Rocky says why would you want to go to serious I don't understand why everyone wants you to go to satellite radio since how it's
German to satellite radio is become insignificant king of all media my ass is rocky well it's only for the fact that I'd actually then be able to do the show and
actually be you know heard by a real audience as opposed to I'm your friend I'm your friend.
Here's a picture John Stamos in Miami this past weekend looking pretty good Johnny all looking kind of anorexic looking really skinny.
He still looks pretty good though he's forty.
Three is that right okay I googled it but I forgot I think he's forty three that's pretty old to old for me and he's with some
skanky looking broad who's that broad with him I don't know.
I said to fountain blue all the big all the big shots were there for the grand reopening of the fountain blue they fountain blue.
I wonder if they still have that the fang thing going on the top floor there like they used to years ago never got to see it or participate in about a
sure heard a lot of stories about it.
Forty five.
He's forty five that's what I just said.
Is that what I say yeah.
I said forty three.
Oh he was born in sixty three so that makes him forty five when you get your numbers right if you're going to mail it in with a
bunch of numbers at least get the numbers right Rogers okay speaking of guys who used to be really really hot and Greek a
glacius kicked out by lover.
Now what you're thinking either I know what you're thinking.
Yeah no.
Oh they had the Versace family on the biography last night it was marginally a boring.
And they showed that thing with Andrew Kuhnann in the house but you know they were slept in the body out and made me think
because I was down there that night and I was thinking of the news coverage and remember that cops through the stink bombs in there.
Yes.
And it was like real like fog you know nobody could see anything and they come out breathlessly to tell us on local
local television.
Oh there's nothing in there there is nobody in there.
I mean while his body was laying dead in a bed.
Yeah it was foggy in there what do you want.
Come on you call that police work they come out and the local breathless TV reporters are telling the audience there's nobody in there.
When you heard the handyman come that day.
They got in his mouth and bought a thing that was the end of him.
These days they paid.
Andrew you fairy.
Singer and reek ate glacius has been kicked out of his Florida home by girlfriend Anna Cornelholy after a row over his pet dogs.
Sanoo he was a good guy he's a dog lover.
The hero hitmaker who's been dating the former tennis star for six years moved out of the house.
They share in Miami after he did argument over the poochies.
Poochy coo.
Where's the poochie poo.
Now what kind of a dog are they getting they're getting a hairless Mexican airless at the White House.
I don't know I'll send him right down.
But the Spanish unconscious the Paris still together says he'll move back in as soon as Russian Cornelhova agrees.
He tells Britain's hello magazine.
We were living together for six months but she kicked me out and they had a fight.
We did make up but she didn't let me move back in.
It was a stupid fight something about my dogs.
I'm move back in when she lets me.
Oh what a whoo.
He'll move back in when she lets him Anna Cornelholy that big dike with legs like tree trunks.
Here's one from Bacho and Dallas.
Macho Bacho.
482 on the pole we got fifth we got 500 licked.
Pretty good.
You might think we have an audience out there you know.
What do you think?
I heard.
This is the big month baby you people out there with your arbitrage diaries you keep listening.
I'm not telling you how to fill them out but you keep listening.
And listen all the time listen all day on QM maybe we'll get that extra bonus you think.
Remember that I think it happened twice in 11 years.
Then we got the double bonus for the station being number one and us being number one and both times we had this humongous.
Oh and by the way I might just I just mentioned this in passing for the Yoko sales manager and the Yoko general manager and for the promotion director you're good friend flea.
In this trend which show had the highest rating on the station by far deal could it have been 10 to 2.
Oh my god could it have been.
Oh god yeah I think so.
I just mentioned that in passing because it's against the law for the sale department to sell the show or even discuss it in sales or promotion meetings.
Right.
Makes sense to me.
The business.
The best talent.
No business.
The largest sports radio five sixty QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest news.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio five sixty WQAM.
My my my my my my for the other day.
It's the one to do our.
Wait here what they say it's all next on Mary King law.
Governor Sarah Paley and unscripted uncensored unleashed right now on Mary King law.
Governor I won't do with the people of Alaska want me to do my life isn't God hands and he's got doors open for me.
I've actually come up to Alaska especially look at the resources again.
I'm not going to close any doors of opportunity and the and the doors open for me to do so it would be something that I am who I am though and I got like I see it in some of those questions you know regarding.
Okay I'm not going to close any doors that perhaps would be in front of me and and with.
I'm not going to close any door there in terms of opportunity to maybe there in the future but it might be God hands if he's got doors open for me.
What a story.
Again I'm not going to close any doors of opportunity.
Don't get there up.
We're almost out of time so quickly.
Are you ready to run for the presidency is that something that would in I'm not going to close any door there in terms of opportunity that may be there in the future but if it's.
You don't run race to lose my goodness.
I'll be back in your soul.
We're going to waste the cash out of this close now.
All right.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
I'm going to go back in the middle of the day.
The same guy who is too busy yesterday responding to show because he's got a job and he's got a life.
But he felt compelled.
The spirit of Christ compelled him a fan on being a fan.
Would lecture about my sports teams.
Okay.
Is if that's any of his business what teams I root for and why.
Neil, I never said you had to root for the home team.
However, as I recall, you were at one time where Dolphin fan.
That's right.
And I spent a lot of money on my own tickets before I got him from any station.
Fat rich and I used to go to the games all the time.
And because of the organization and the fans and the whole ambiance with it,
I said, fat hell with this.
Screw them.
They treated us like garbage in that stadium, man.
Like subhuman garbage.
But anyway, matter of fact, you were a cubs fan in baseball and now are a Pat's fan in football.
That's right.
Because I'm from Rochester, New York.
And the Rochester Red Wings are a triple A baseball team.
And Rochester Amherst are a minor league hockey team.
And I don't have any like a home team to root for it.
How many teams are you a fan of?
I'll tell you right now, fan two.
Leafs, Patriots.
That's it.
That's it.
That's enough.
Oh, but what about the Spartans, man?
I don't care.
Not interested.
I mean, even though it's, you know, another one of those big 10 schools,
they don't have to kind of obsession with winning at Michigan State.
They do like it.
Michigan.
Well, how about that season for Michigan, by the way, Fat Chris?
Oh, yeah.
What do you lose?
100 games?
I think they're what?
Three and seven or something.
Wow.
Michigan.
I bet you know, maybe that's why Matt dogs off his feed.
You and my friend are the Bennett, our Bennett and our LaFantasy.
This is definitely Dan from Maryland.
One minute, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
And the next minute, ripping and chewing and tearing as if.
But it's good material.
Oh, keep it coming.
The only team you've been a constant fan of are the Maple Leafs.
Let's hope the Red Wings don't get a pretty boy goalkeeper.
As you'll be a Red Wings fan, as well.
Take care.
And Red Wings had Stevie Izerman.
And I couldn't give a crap.
Plus I hate the Red Wings.
What do you know?
And my favorite ball players, Ugly Assin Hank Bauer,
when the Yankees was my favorite baseball player back in the day,
and Johnny Bauer and Papa Bauer, Nistva,
what you know about sports, a fan.
I could stick on a thimble and have,
and what you know about my fandom.
Now let's see.
What's this game?
Maple Leaf Classics.
They're in commercial break now.
Oh, Black Cocks, Ethel Leafs, November 18, 1967, with Bill Hewitt.
Oh, and Greg, the fake Greg Biel says,
Bubba, a staff of about 10, Cox is putting him on 93 rock.
You know something?
I don't care.
I don't care.
Hopefully he'll be on Rights Mac in midday, you know,
or at least overlapping part of our show.
I guess I'm supposed to like pee in my pants
because they're going to put Bubba Loves fun in this market.
Who cares?
They put man-calender market.
He got a point.
They got Bill O'Reilly.
Bill O'Reilly on the radio.
He's got a point.
Oh!
Still don't show up on that station.
God.
All these radio Yenthas.
That's why you know who these are from.
Radio Yenthas.
People with no lives.
Absolute incorrect.
I have no life.
Right.
Enrique says not that Enrique.
One of our listeners says,
How come we can bail out large corporations
on helping a school budget crisis?
Can I have the government pay me out of my bill?
We went to the Luis Miguel Concerter.
It was awesome.
Sorry, your mister, we'll send you pictures.
Take Kieto Enrique.
Take Kieto Mutual Enrique, whoever you are.
Not an Enrique, the greasiest.
Although he might be listening.
Might be.
Oh, here's the game.
I got the cover.
Down the ice comes Wayne McEater Settler.
I wonder if Wayne McEater was kind of cheeky.
I can't imagine he won.
Peer, pull up.
He's doctor.
He's going to be a panel in here.
I can't believe he's right.
Tim Horton, man.
Let's dig him up.
He was a hell of a defenseman, man.
Number seven.
You want to go to Tim Horton's for some lunch?
Sure.
What are your feelings on dessert?
Can't do any lunch today, man.
I got my pantaloonies and my shirt on already.
Got my shoe sitting over here off to the side.
It's Woodbine Wednesday, man.
I'm going to go there and win a zillion dollars.
Maria Bartiromo, my good close personal friend, says.
Good afternoon, Mr. Rogers.
I did not hear you open to show this morning saying
how the market ended up 150 points yesterday.
Pre-market capitalism is the best path of prosperity.
It will always defeat your close-minded socialists and views.
Socialista, socialista, communist.
I love that scene in Godfather too,
where up on the roof at a casino, and it's
Heim and Roth's birthday.
Right.
And he's going on and on about we have a friendly government
and knows how to do business and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Michael, dollar for dollar with a teamster.
There's a dollar for dollar basis.
He's great.
He's great.
He's dead.
Who is it again?
Leo, Lee Strasberg.
Lee Strasberg.
He's dead.
He was really good in there.
And Al Pacino who went to his acting school,
he got him in the middle of the night.
He was a big fan of the movie.
Good choice.
What great casting, huh?
At least in the first two.
The third one, a little week.
A little week on the casting in Godfather 3.
Dead, dead.
I bet you everybody gave a sitting ovation
when she got shot, you know?
In the theater we did.
Everyone applauded.
On another subject, my agent is Don Buckwell.
So not only do I have a real agent,
but I have insight and information
that your rant's about serious is just a cross-promotion
for the beginning of your show in 2009 and Howard 101.
Oh yeah.
So Maria is the same radio goofballs, the fake Maria.
Like you said, it's probably all one person.
I'm probably Johnny Dork.
Over for a Makita, backed by Ruff.
Ruff, don't go.
Dwayne Ruff, man.
Could he play or what?
He sucked.
That Stan Makita though, he used to really piss me off.
500 votes on the pool.
How do you like that?
Got a leg.
Don't you like it?
I love it.
Let's see.
Oh, and now here's the anachrono holia.
Is that Enrique?
Yeah, looking at her butt.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What is that hand of his?
Enrique, your hand is not above the deck.
Yeah, no.
The deck, I said.
I know what you said.
And I know what you were thinking.
I'm the same thing I'm thinking.
And for what it's worth, you know,
of all the things that you've ever been wrong about,
which is a lot.
I just don't know what you're seeing when you see her legs.
She's got skinny little twigs.
Three trunk for legs.
Let's see.
Here's one.
It has the Schuumburger.
Yeah.
Okay.
Great.
It's a link from Johnny G.
Go away, Johnny G.
I don't do links.
It really stinks when people send me links.
You should know that because you're chronic, Johnny G.
Neil, I'm surprised about what you were talking about yesterday
that the reason you stay in Toronto in the cold is because you are
scared of encountering your crazy listen.
Yeah.
You guys know what I said?
Yeah.
I'd always assume that it was that because you don't have the caulons
to do your show in the studio and you have to encounter the same people
you rip all the time.
Even though, of course, I was there for years and years and ripped them
just as much as I do now, which you seem to forget.
Now, which break is this from?
Oh, note.
Note.
That must be a note.
No, no, no.
To you know, just keep in common, baby.
Just keep ripping away if it makes you and keep,
keeps you off the street.
Neil, can you translate to non-Jewish people what a Yent is?
So the redneck can follow along over here in South West Florida.
Michael bird dog scrawgons.
Oh my God.
Bird dog scrawgons.
He sounds like what's wrong with the world, you know what?
Yenta, somebody who's a gossip, somebody,
pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, like your
rumor, for example.
A gossip.
Somebody who can't keep their trap shut.
Potta, potta, potta, potta, potta, potta, potta.
Boy, they don't make him like that guilty anymore, thank God.
Boy, I got a lot of stuff to catch up on here, thank God for that.
Joseph, as I enjoyed watching Jimmy Cifullus play for The Dupfants,
He did score an impressive touchdown against the redskins in the Super Bowl, but that's where it ends
He does not belong behind a mic during the Finns games
He attempts to sound his attempts to sound dramatic on big plays are so fake and wimpy
Rick Weaver was the best at all fins ever had that they're both correct Joe. Thank you Joe
You got your thumb right on it and so does Jimmy you fair Jimmy you fairy how'd he do huh wait till the hour leaves come out
Because they're off to a pretty rocky start with this new align up at IOD
We tell all the Nazis are go back to Germany with their tails between their legs
Fourth later neon
Jennifer Anderson says Angelina Jill Lee was out of line when she shared details of her early relationship the Brad
Yeah, Jennifer's never really spoken out about this, but now some four years later. She is
Yeah, I guess that'd be kind of embarrassing, you know, that was four years ago
You've been with a few guys since your breakup, right? How many do you think I never counted?
Ballpark figure I would say maybe maybe 150
What's the say 200 whoa it is so much fun. Yeah, fun and it's exciting. You want to have fun during the commercial?
Ratham what is it 111 16 don't say that boy
You imagine if it was only 1116 I think we'd all commit suicide
You first Chris
See you later
Five 10 man. We got 510 votes on the poll
We still got 44 minutes to go nothing I'm counting
Pretty impressive. Yeah, well, there's that Yahoo Richard Shelby from Alabama. We've got management
Mariel, oh god red next just drive me nuts, especially red next to the whole political orifice
Ted Stevens is out in Alaska you got beat
That crook that old crook
And we're still waiting. I'm in a soda and Joja
Joja the fake very jackass is back by the way
How do I know what's fake because his email is very jackass very jackass one nothing
They're all fake George's right everybody even even like the people the world fake celebrity. I don't like this on the one right now
Are you really no
Cox is putting puppet love sponge on 93 rock and Miami and 96.5 in Orlando
Beside the stations in Tampa and Jacksonville. Here's the sirens. They're coming to get you
Seriously looking to put your fill Henry on serious 101 is a replacement for love and lust bunch sure they are
Sure they are all you losers out there keeps sending me all these emails about serious wants you well
Where's the phone call? Yeah?
Where's Norma's phone call? Where's the offer? Where's some money on the table?
And you know when your stock is 17 cents a share you don't have an awful lot of money to put on the table when you're losing your ass
losing your ass
The fake Adam Kirschner says Scotty Mac with the producer a goldberg a night on w. I did you think he's a mole
I think he's something that rhymes with mole such as ass is the first part of it
Now was he a were you tight with Scotty or what?
Let's see when you fight yeah, we had a couple of social occasions outside of work
But I don't have any problems with Scotty some of this line
You'll Rogers good
George Rodriguez no good
As a matter of fact he cut that just recently when he was taking a tour through the studios here
I said come in here and uh lace and stuff down. Oh my real Rogers good
George Rodriguez no good. I'm not a bad guy. Yeah. Oh my good guy. Thanks honey
Scotty could be annoying, but he could also be very funny. He could really be tremendous. Yeah, but he wasn't
I remember that trip to hey guys Vegas is my kind of town
No, I think Arcadia floor is your kind of town
Anyway, so what does this mean is he a mole? What is he is he still around? Is he still hanging around?
No, he's the one maybe he's the one that's sending all the emails. He's like an Atlanta or something really
Or landau what are those places north of here two words are come to mind when I think a Scotty Mac
Overgrown child
Any disagreement no, oh, that's not an insult though
It's not well, since I'm not me
Why are you an overgrown child too? Oh, yeah
I'm an old child the Dow is that but I'm not gonna tell you how much I don't want to get that one lady upset or whoever that was
Matt says asked George or Chris about a thing called a shout box instant message program
The listeners can just enter a thought and send right from a website
Just a thought to get more interactive with your more intelligent listeners, and it says ha ha ha ha
Miss you can man
I have an idea for this thing
You know call the telephone where you pick it up and you talk to the host on the air and it's a
conversation and I think you could make a show out of that and call it a talk show. Oh, oh, that's done
I told you we've done a long time ago you didn't believe me and
Then people kept insisting oh, well, I think you really ought to give it a shot. You know take some screw it
Yeah, you know, maybe once in a while
How about a talk box? How about a talk box you pick your box up and you talk into it and they hear you on the radio a squat box
Yeah, Mary had a little lamb
Everybody was surprised
Let's see for the poll a favorite nicknames. Oh, you know something. I like that poll a lot
I what did I do with it that I put in my poll pile the favorite nicknames that I've invented oh
Wait a minute here's some here's some ratings crap
What is that
2554 for the week
2554 for the week kiss two six that never gonna be the same since Johnny Dork walked out of there I
O.D. A tutu
Waxie a one eight Q.A. I'm a one eight look at that tied for 20th with each other
person's 2554 for the entire week Waxie tick it tick it tick it and Q.A. I'm stick it stick it stick it how do you like that boys and girls
boys and turds
Wow
He added together and it's a three six which is you know not bad, but of course that's persons you understand
Elizabeth says yesterday at about the shows and you were commenting and wondering with Chris about some jox name
I'm about as football savvy as George. I don't remember the name, but I think I can help
I'm a teacher have become familiar with about 200 very diverse names a year in the past
I've learned that some of the more interesting names are in fact made up
A lot of my students from Opalaka have these types of names
It's usually the combination of the mother's name and the dad's name like Sharon and Travis have a child and they name it Trabon
Lynn and Jeremy have a child and they name it linemy or Jerelyn
Listener for life. I love you man and sir Mora as looking here. Love to George and Chris too, but not Brandon and Zach
What is that all about?
What's Elizabeth got against Brandon and Zach? Well, I know what she's got against Zach
He's evil
What he's doing to that morning show see they got that those wired diaries in the last trend
18 to 18 to no it was a 25 to 34 man
The big go in the morning and the joke got some a bunch of wired 24
24 and the reason you know they're wired is because they didn't listen to any day part the rest of the station
Not me not the a two to four not the mad dog not not nothing
wired that's what we need is a whole bunch of wired diaries, you know
I'll say I think I'll start working on you once they start that people meter thing man
Oh, yeah, they're gonna find out there's a whole lot of people listening right now who would never put it down the diary
Just like all these people that send this hate on the email, you know
I'm a fan. I've been a fan for 20 years, but your taste in sports teams sucks
Maybe if there was some cutie pie
Like Luke Shen on the red wings for Luke Shen's on the Leafs
And I wouldn't care if the Leafs were all ugliest in and generally speaking. They are it's not a not a pretty team
You know you think back red Kelly and bird homestead and Johnny Bauer all those old craggy looking guys
Foster and bill a hewitt. I mean these were not pretty people at any point even as children
You know what I'm saying no what he said. I'm saying that these are all the same people. You're right
Aqua Drace three no minutes to post. They're going to the gate. I wonder if Durkin's working on a Wednesday
Wouldn't that be something to watch Tom Durkin eating a Gurkin
While working no no no no no no no no no no don't
Extend it any further than that already have
Don't stick your neck on
Then they won't put us on serious or maybe then they would put you that serious if we start talking dirty, you know
All these people obsessed with all this serious crap in a stock is $0.17 a share my god
Starting gate. They're at the post Durkin. I told you the great Tom Durkin. He's no Trevor Denman, but he's damn good
all he seems indifferently it's like he's mailing it in
haha
that is one of those rare moments that i'll never forget i don't know why it's
is with so bizarre
filisoltsman and jeff de florist who couldn't get arrested in a panty raid
uh... knocking david johnson that that was just
would be like me knocking on how it's turned you know
ridiculous
how dare you knock out or just for our clear victory
or do you have new you were going to be the midday guy there and howard one
one you're gonna have a chance to look howards cheeks
he does nothing for me again i salute him as the master of all hype
every time he every time he farts all over the world there are reverberations
everybody say oh my god was that an egg part was that like a blueberry
a pancake apart what was that
and he and don buck walled and uh... all those other grave robbers they they
invented that
and so he didn't really have to work that hard anymore you don't have to really do
a funny entertaining show all he had to do is just be howard show up
and have his group is there his side kicks you know all of and look at this
but the love sponges gonna have a cast of ten on that show
cion an fm show like that you have a whole bunch of people like i did on zeta we
had the burden caprita and was perfect
now in the beginning before caprita got on the show we had lee uh... what was
the name he's dead now from cut out water
you'll be at war no seriously i figure what his name was flea
and uh... he was uh... deep voice uh... fm kind of guy and he was really uptight
about all the factory that i was talking about on the your own show and he just
he was comfortable with it
and so they replaced him with caprita and that's why we went to you one did you
try to make him comfortable like you know massage his shoulder i didn't want to
now he was a blonde guy but not my type you know he's kind of like
with a real deep voice and a bad the nose problem
you know what i mean by bad nose problem like the president uh... oh oh
oh
oh here's one from the fake tom jica oh i love it
maybe this is from the real tom jica
you think
no
haha
oh this is great let me print this out and another one too
and then we come back that'll kill some good time
thank you
thank you
sports radio 560 quam
the fourth leader
the biggest names the best talent
the mad dog
jam mandage
sports radio 560 quam
the sports leader
i Luis Miguel play it baby
yeah
swing it
dance
when the Nazis ring they ring the four-half-view cannon
all right
now the KKK have good days
because of you cannon
absolutely
if you are yellow or purple
or gone for the ground
you'll be like most the lady hanging upside down
you can lock and load your guns with half-empower
but if you want to kill those lights
step into the showers
and as your pre-season cats and your rights are slipping away
are you glad that you voted for back
today
you can
oh jeez
couldn't play the whole thing
ask
whole
131 and 560
two separate words man two separate voices two separate words
what
nothing just a crisp head of funny face
oh no
and you know I was supposed to play that for God
oh yeah our favorite
better than ever
I go my ego must play
what
I go my ego to most saying in this case people don't know
well easy life thank you that was the end of that the group I was doing
you got that the death
death
wow
like you
you got that the death
yeah I got the death
wow
yeah I got the death
death
death
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
hey
133 the fake time jik is getting worked up to a friend here that's Reno
well
3 in a row 3 emails in a row from the fake time jica
here's the lead Gillette story
he worked at kstt in death in port i1 1978
why he in Jacksonville w i v y w gc on Cleveland w hctn Boston
cool and phoenix
k o o l
zeta in Miami 1987
briefly
briefly he was unlike about five shows one week
and then he he just freaked out
ckl w
wins it at right 1989 how do you like that
he was at ckl w
the big h
golden
ckl w
golden
but coast in Miami 1991
kfqc in death in port i1 96
kfqm
xg
death in port 96
radio one networks in color rather 99
and wplc watched in dc 2000
he died in clinton i will august 13th
2001
no his problem
i think
ckl w
was the bad guy who is extremely homophobic
and he was concerned for his image you know
because he had a big deep balls of his voice
he just he wasn't comfortable being on a show
with some faggot like me you know
and mistakenly
who would be
you
somebody desperate for a paycheck
yeah her fat Chris
so anyway the fake time jica says wqm
has been the same since ed and hank were forced out
see at the track time
not
one thing about the racetrack
uh... fishing out of his man they all the other birds of feather that plunge
her cousin together
the really uh... tight
very tight
so the fake time jica says serious mistake
over the last couple years radio host bubba loves bunch with his cult like
following has become an afternoon fixture and howard one oh one
with only twenty shows left in this contract
this is a fixture and that now more than ever
serious should be looking to lock into a long-term agreement
like him or not
bubba has the kind of show that puts subscriptions on the books
and is personally the kind of guy gets his team together to tour around the country
grassroots promoting serious xm radio
with subscribers already screaming out an anger related latest latest channel
stirrup serious xm is on the verge of making a huge mistake
if they choose to let bubba go obviously they did because he's
starting the first of the year with cocks
it seems clear that the decision makers at serious xm have no idea what kind of
talent they have with bubba all anyone has to do is take a look at the number of
websites the cover news about him
the number of users on the countless message boards devoted to him and then
check out how he can move the numbers at google like only a very few like
howard's turn can do what more do they need
it's time for serious xm to step up to the plate or get ready for a back last
like nothing they've seen to date
that stock will be down to two cent
wow
that's from the fake tom jico is obviously the same as the fake all the other
ones
not the fake johnny dark though that's the real one i think
i hope so i hope he's just forming at the mouth
got to do something besides hangout at doodas i think doodas out of business
are they oh yeah wow look at this gay ten wilton manners how new house
silly is the new qm contest where grown men call in the Joe Roe show and try
to give their best manage impression
according to qm website the contest is called bark like the mad dog and then when it gets to hang with
the mad dog and big dog before the often patriots game and gets to event
with the broadcast or visit the broadcast booth to visit jimmy syphilis Joe and Jim
why would a grown man want to go out of his way to win a concert where he gets to
visit and spend time with other men all of this sounds very gay to me how about you
says gay ten wilton manners well you know good head
which up wow
tom jico again poor reception for xm syria shuffle
they've started switching channel on ups and some listeners are fighting
it more than little confusing and it goes on well i'm telling you that the whole
all these people out there all these groupy chronics are obsessed with this crap
you know what with xm syrias the day that i start paying to listen to radio will be a
cold day in hell i've never heard anything on a radio in my life that i would pay
to hear here's one from the fake tom jico you're referring to leech life
from xm syria he's dead yeah i just got through reading the whole thing tom
and you sent it to me
chain and dear fuel says i lived in alabama from nineteen eighty seven ninety
i got my shoes on by the way okay proud of me yes would find Wednesday good
where i belong to the Birmingham committee for peace and justice in central America
at the time senator shelby was a democrat and i wrote him an angry letter
telling him to become a republican because he was no democrat about a month after
the committee asked me to join them on a visit to his office which i turned down
because of my angry letter or within a year shelby to become a republican
he was one of those Reagan democrats afraid of civil rights he's a yahoo
my husband turned me on to you and we move back to florida nineteen ninety
been listening since thank you jane and dear field and i'm still using bodywash
i'm still polluting the environment steven of jerseys says these incessant
emails comparing you and stern and suggesting obviously false on air
career negotiations is ponderous and bad radio oh no i listened to you both
and i'm entertained two totally different shows these a holes are just feeding
conversation that's now been beaten to death right steve
above a loves bunch or whatever low rent version of stern can be best described
as a guber zoo unlistable yeah guber zoo he's a tampe guy guber guy
this need the one where they kill the pig on the air did something i don't know
i think so hope you stop giving these dope's the air time they don't deserve
and keep giving market updates less painful coming from you
so steven jersey see it can't please everybody i enjoy the emails myself
this one says i remembered from boomer i remember those days under peter that schmuck
the radio assassin pd bulger formally of kg o n portland biff as we call them back
of the day his air name was legilette and he was good friends with bean walker
he's dead to says boomer well whatever good life boomer woman out four hundred
thousand dollars to Nigerian scam con artist here's one here's i remember i
asked you to have to keep asking people actually be spotted those fake emails we get
on there yes i mean how stupid if you got to be the very out of the blue out of the
blue somebody comes to you says oh i've got the two million dollars two million
pounds for you and all you have to do is send me your shoe size and name and
address in your underwear and i'll get it right to you five hundred thirty
nine votes on our pool by the way fat Chris alright i think his diana said in
in network i think we have struck the mother load
i can't find that pool about neal i'll find it i'm sure i'll dig in here
know the one i'm talking about about the yeah no about the nicknames that i've
created oh that one that's a good poll and had a whole list of really uh oh here
it is i got it just in tinkerbell somebody mentioned what about her what about her
that that belongs other well it's on there i added because i i know my nicknames
the best time in the largest sport radio five sixty qa m
the fourth leader grab my junior honey isn't it funny how some tastes just take you
back like when you were a teenager remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer
evening popping a zit with your fingers and then eating it well the great taste is
back at the pus palace yes delicious creamy soft serve pus in a cone or a dish
with your choice of toppings all the great taste of your body you enjoyed as a kid
like warm hero acts stab chips and i knew booker bits the pus palace ice cream
you scream we all scream for pus thought it was a tasty rush but it's not one forty
five five sixty wqm don't forget go see George's a Saturday don't let me forget
to promote that tomorrow Friday all right well we want a big turnout down there
in homestead one people think we got a big audience still we have a surprising
audience on there we do we yeah it's always a decent for them to bend down
there a few times on uh... you know the past for appearances and there's always a
decent around i got a major bulletin
uh... no that's out there it is or that too from the phantom informer subject
fake Greg B. D. L. it has been confirmed the fake Greg B. D. L. a sunny fox
he's out of his mind with several exclamation points he's
but it's like that
is that surprise you
no
i this is sunny fox i was the near-rogyes collect it here the word asked yeah can't
say the whole word but nevertheless
remember that
remember those days at the uh... tax and i would be when he was doing the
mornings
now i'm trying to remember what the what the hell ever became to that he didn't
get the show right
right i don't know
was that pre-arran and run
i i think they were still together then but i'm not sure
you know i don't follow the career is closely as i used to await
i never did
the fake mason Williams who obviously has too much classical gas
says your logic of uh... not paying for radio makes no sense i pay for my
radio you pay for cable tv you do
and please shut up if you enjoy something only makes sense to pay for
i got news for you would have to be something so hysterical so compelling
so entertaining for me to pay for radio
i mean cable tv how do you make a comparison
between all the different choices of movies not good stuff on cable tv
the sporting events etc
but they got the hockey games on uh... x-ray well one-one one-one listen to hockey
games under radio when i can see them all on my tv
i paid for it but why don't i want to listen to it when i can watch it
and that's why radio is a dinosaur okay work i mean we're eating out of living
on a dying medium
that's why people are going to that satellite crap
all you can say that they want you are full of energy they want you guys
how about margaret does he have to bring margaret along to i think you know
later on and overnight
minus two it's twenty eight it's really toasty
i'll tell you don't don't ever let me tell you that the weather up north
doesn't suck as it blows but you don't have to tell me whether isn't life
no wife is not about whether that's all about the everybody living in the
good and besides when it's cold outside you got to do things to warm up and
alleviate the board there he goes again when that's sexual innuendous
right
you'd be perfect on serious you can say the effort just over and over here
just say that shf
uh... see you next time stuff like that
c o uh...
to a every time i say it won't be gratuitous
all here we go from the barren
more than once but the said that guy mimey is cool right he speaks highly of you
it was a quick look at the big thing
i don't really care whether it's a quick enough to work here about him
he is tamper reader like what did the one guy call before
yahoo or radio something like that
tamper red just like a run and run were tamper radio
uh... redneck radio
and then the bizarre part about that shows they have they've got
feds wotley on the show
who's a screaming queen or least playing one i don't know what his story was
was your screamer i don't know
or don't care
either
right
but he's playing the screaming queen character like freaky carlos are
receptionist
and the meantime they're appealing to these homophobic a redneck ea moron i
i don't get it
you get it
you're gonna get it
that's jolly jolt told me said you're gonna get a big raise next year three
percent
maybe that's what normal was emailing you about her texting your what i told
it
you told me what what he was he uh... calling me no i don't get suckered in all
that serious xm crap ok it's all make believe it's all air zoth
that's
seventeen senses share my ass
here's the poll five hundred and how many votes you got under five fifty one
let me refresh and you can do it coming to five to one also
how do you most often you know how do you most often eat ice cream
with my mouth
in a bowl two hundred thirty seven right out of the carton hundred for thirteen
in a cone fifty seven i like it but i can't eat at twenty five
looking at all somebody's body twenty one
like reading when
i don't like ice cream nineteen
nuke it for a seventeen in a sunday fifteen you know the movie christine
yeah what about it
and john stockwell is in bed there after he broke his leg in the football game
and uh... goofball goes to visit him in the hospital remember that scene
and easily in their embed and like my mom was naked you know john stockwell
i would like to take a gallon of fish food and just dumped it all over him
and licked it all out
in the sunday fifteen on a stick fourteen i could have put like a marisino
cheerio in each nipple
and then just
taking a big thing of uh...
what's that with cream in the can ready with ready with that's it
about four pounds of that and shmurred
on a stick fourteen in a uh... kaker on a pie six eight
milkshake seven seem getting a tongue-tied out to get about that and how he's
old and ugly john stockwell is a direct just lick them
in a sandwich for and floats to
syncs or floats
well
so here's that story about the junella spears in sweet home or a gone
oh boy
junella spears and she thinks he's a sucker in easy mark besides a work as a
registered nurse
spears in relation to the well-known pops there also teaches cpr
is a reverend who is married many couples he's a reverend
a preacher she also communicates with lightning
fast languages with her here
so how did this otherwise lucid intelligent woman and the send nearly half a
million dollars to bunch of con artist running what has become one of the best
known internet scams in the world
spears fell victim to the night jirian scam which is permitted almost anyone
who's ever had an email account
or are we familiar or what
the email pictures from a bit of most people by now a long lost relative or
desperate government official in a war torn country needs to shuffle some
funds to you say around ten or twenty million if you could just help them out
of it you get to keep ten or twenty or thirty percent for your trouble
all you need to do is send x amount of dollars to pay some fees all that cash
will suddenly be in your check me out putting you on easy street or on queer
street by the way please send the funds through an unpressible wire service
by this time not many people fall for such an outrageous pitch and the scam is
very well known but it persists and for a reason every now and then it works
for spears it started as it almost does with an email a promise twenty million
and a case the money was supposed to left behind by our grandfather jb
spears with whom the family has lost contact over the years that's unusual
because it actually had her name
usually most of these are to undisclosed recipients
right
right
so that's what got me to believe it she said she didn't know how the center got her
name and a relation to them but her curiosity was piqued
it turned out to be a lot of money up front but it's there with just a hundred
bucks the scammers ran her through the whole program they said president
bush and fby director robert muller were on the uh... in on the deal needed
her help they couldn't even spell robert muller's name right
they said official looking documents and certificates from the bank of
Nigeria even from the united nations her payment was guaranteed the amount you
would get jumped up to twenty six point six million dollars if she would just
send eighty three hundred bucks and of course she sent the money
and more promises and teases of multi-millions followed each one of the
department are sending a more my dependent on her sending more money
most of the missus were right with misspellings
uh... uh... she's a teacher and she's a minister and she's a preacher and she's
a dumbass bitches what she is good god
how do you like that that part of Nigerian gold
i think that's what george is going to be smoking this afternoon
that jerry gold that's uh... five hundred and fifty votes and fat Chris's
poll not too shabby mister
the biggest name
the best
you're gonna have a lot of the
four-fifth
four-fifth sixty qa m
big fourth leader
the biggest name
the best talent
the big ol
orlandu alzagiri
mornings five to seven
sports radio five sixty
qa m
the sports leader
it's the
the
five six
wq
is my story
sad but true
about a girl called
syphilis
you're fair
had a bug and ran it around
gave it to every guy in town
hey
oh
oh
oh
oh
i shouldn't own a bonus bottom
i didn't know with a euro-laborer
a bottom roll always be with you
so stay away from a syphilis
and took a close on sugar scene
no sense on a friend of mine
you got it back to now i've got it too
so people were from a syphilis
yeah
keep away from that girl
hope that the children will do now
keep away from soon
oh
she likes to sleep around
god is dinner with my best friend
how new we didn't dare to start a trick call
now i'm afraid it's falling on
tears the more of the story from a guy who knows
he used to have a hoes where this fungus grows
and scanning through that she ever knew
a keep away from a syphilis
yeah
keep away from that girl
i don't know what to do now
bye bye
the biggest name is the best talent
and your home for Miami Dolphins Football
hey
sports radio 560 WQAM
Miami for Saturday
please follow the feet
please follow the feet
that's what i got please
as you can see
