Yes, what you're talking about a Christmas
It's right at six people
So let's spend a lot of money building this thing what do you say that makes sense?
Sure
560 WGAM
What are you doing?
Say it to me, you dial 560-055
And in date and we'll ask any questions
Call toll free, 837-185
Or pound 560 on your AT&T
And Verizon wireless phones
The opinion will say, oh don't you get
Why don't you say, how you doing?
Don't say, so don't you have any Monday and Tuesdays
Now put a real Roger Cue
560 WGAM
You get a lot of b-
R
The Rogers us for toll radio WQ-A-I
Who can advance our home and need a crash?
Oh, I thought you'd see
When the queue on your head
Pass me the sharp lines
And fly our sides
We reclaim your busy sleep
It's a leak of drug reporting through
A good old I will see
The needed train
Curious and strange
All can ever cease
That's the storm to me
All right
All can ever cease
That's the storm to me
Well, happy Canada day to you
Today's Canada day
It's the one of those holidays that's got a yellow flag
A letter which came first
What? Canada or Canada day?
No, Canada or the 4th of July day
What do you think?
We could look it up
Why? That would be no fun
Oh, I forgot we're not allowed to have any fun
Sorry, Clarence, I said something about having fun
Why?
Well, there it starts with an F&U
That's right, that's an F&U
Well fun, stop it
It's a floppy floppy floppy
Anyway, happy Canada day
And happy El Unorio day
What?
Said yay
Unorio, going to be a lot of fireworks here tonight
In honor of Canada day
It's a big holiday here
In fact, I'm looking out
The streets are empty, they're deserted
Today be a good day to hop in the Corvette and go out
To a woodbind
Y'all
They would
I've been hit and like crazy on that quick hit man
That's the game, forget about that little fortune
It's a sucker bag
And whatever you do, don't anybody out there
If it gets suckered into a timeshare man
You gotta be
Well, I'm sorry, I thought the mic was off
Oh, oh my god
I thought that anybody over the age of five knew that a timeshare was a sucker right
It's a scam man
One of our good close personal friends got suckered into a 20,000 dollar timeshare
That's soon to be worth about 20 bucks
Way to know with the booming economy
With a tremendous arylasted market
You'd think that now would be a great time to be investing in property, wouldn't you?
Yeah, actually it is a great time to invest in some good property
You could get a lot of money
You could get property for a song right now
Good thing your house is real
A real piece of property, right?
Here's George's poll for me yesterday
And I apologize in advance for the poll we got on there today. It's a crack
They brag about the world that I've heard other
What have our listeners sent it in?
I don't know, it was just there
About Charlie Christ
And George had the right idea, who gives an F?
Who cares?
Charlie?
You're fairy
Nobody cares
Oh, but he's wildly popular
Everybody who becomes governor of Florida no matter how much of a doofus they are
They become wildly popular
That would be the QAN, good morning
Paul Cashinobo is the waste of oxygen
Tell us something we don't know, okay?
That was somebody different though, I say that
I say that
There's the morning news
All right!
He should have told us to play a sounder
We're just just an ass
Can't say that
Which, I'll get into a whole thing about that, you know?
We have this list of words that we can't say and bits that we can't play
And now the new thing, we find that we have common a bit from one of the services that's funny
It's a topical, that's timely
About the Kobe and Jack
Oh, very rare case, and Kobe
And oh, well, Clerif's comes into Georgia, don't play that, you have to believe about the ass
And that context, yeah
They had a meeting
They had a meeting about it
Who had a meeting?
I told you, at least Clerif's an Allison
At least there might have been more people in on it than that
Who knows, maybe Rick the janitor was in on that meeting
A meeting about playing a comedy bit with the word ass in it?
People think we make this stuff up
No, we don't
We don't
We couldn't
Nobody else, that's a proverb
Sick, twisted
Oh, that might be funny
Some people might find that amusing, we better we're bleep it out
Bleep it out, let it out, bleep it out
That's the mark, you know, I am?
That's right
And the numbers are going to come out tomorrow
And I think they'll reflect very accurately, you know
The Clerif's jolly joe era
Here's Georgia's pull, which musician are you most amazed at?
Still alive, after all the crap they did like drugs, booze, or experience like gangster violence
Keith Richards, 344, he wins in a class by himself
Azias, born in 108, Courtney Lough, 42, Amy Winehouse, 37, David Crosby, 35
George, 23
I play Colman Paper, I am a full-deck qualify
I'm told I qualify, they wanted to stick in
I'm out of here, musician, my ass
Well, I can play that
I can play the kazoo, number doctor, my eyes, there's a musician, my ass
I make Jagger 18, Britney Spears 13, Snoop Dogg 7, Scott Whalens 6, who's that?
Dota
Scott Whalens from...
I just got...
Yeah, right
Jimmy Page 6, Michael Jackson 6, Slash 6, Ace Freely of Kiss 4, Kiss This,
Puppy Combs 4, and Axel Rose 4
Oh, you're right, that pole is...
It is what it is, you know
Yeah, right
It is what it is, and if I think that one's bad, take a look at the one I'm doing today
That's some brilliant listener, somebody who's trying to sandbag the show, said, and believe me,
you don't need any help, sandbag in the show
That's right
Stone Temple Pilots
Stone Temple Pilots
Who cares?
Anyway, I saw a whole bunch of good movies over the weekend
Yeah, I say interesting movies
Okay
Edmund with William H. Macy
Is... I don't know whether he said it's good or just interesting, it's bizarre, it's depressing
You haven't seen it?
I'll tell you, it's not part of it, I wanted to see it from the beginning, because it looked interesting
Yeah, it was interesting
The end is just unbelievably depressing, but nevertheless
As long as it's got one, it's got an end
And then the other ones I saw were Jeepers, Creepers
Were that kid who plays the Mac and the Mac PCS spots?
Yeah, I don't know his name, he's everywhere to
No, I don't know his name either, it's not important
Although there was one scene when he took his T-shirt off, he changed T-shirts and I just said to myself, holy
Moly, Jeepers, Creepers, where'd you get them?
Peepers
And the last scene, one of the other ones was, what did I tell you?
Oh, the vanishing, the rewriting version, the American version with the keeper Sutherland and what's his name?
Yeah, don't go rude for people to
Why would I do that?
Because you're bastard
Oh, okay, I won't tell him that
And who else was a keeper Sutherland and what's his name?
Jeopardges, Jeopardges, that's it
Who, I don't know, I thought his acting performance was really, could've used some help
Bad phony accent, you know, he never heard of the call
Like a lot of the calls we get
WDQYM, hello
George, really, howdy
WDQYM, hello
Hill?
Yes?
Happy Canada's day
Thank you so much
Did you go to Pride and all?
No
Why not? They should make you a sheriff
Yeah, try one
On any given day, I can walk outside my building and see all the queens I need to see, okay?
Really?
I don't need to see a bunch of mincing, lisping, arm-flapping goofballs
Didn't you all flag the flag flying?
Not into a sweetheart hanging up about today
You go to Pride and all?
Oh my god
This is great, it should be what?
I've laughed a lot, this is not even the first break yet, I wasn't expecting this
They shouldn't call it Pride, they should call it embarrassment, because that's what it's all about
How embarrassed can you be?
There were million people here for Pride on Sunday, one of the biggest parades in the world
They only had to import about seven or eight people
What do you see in the future for Charlie, Chris?
Now, look at that
Eric, in his infinite wisdom, he just put, what do you see in the future for Charlie?
Not even a last name
Is that just me imagining that or?
Is there a problem there?
I don't see a problem
He'll be passed over by McCain for a feat because they'll know he's gay, 82
Who gives an F-71 and that was the late edition thanks to George, I agree
I want to change my vote
He'll be a one-term governor of Florida losing his bid for reelection 53
He'll be reelected governor of Florida and right off in the sunset 51
He'll serve a McCain's cabinet of McCain wins 30
He'll be a senator after being governor but not president 26
Now, let's see, we had a gay president, who was it?
Was it James Buchanan?
Was that who was?
Yes
Was it?
Yeah
Do some reading on that
Why?
Or not
He'll be tapped by for a feat by McCain
But be outed and resign and shame 18
He'll be outed
That's what I was saying, Elton John will be outed
I mean, that's just ridiculous
He'll be passed over by McCain for a feat but not because he's gay 16
He'll be outed and resign and shame without being tapped for a feat 14
This poll on these choices, it's a...
He'll be president on one day 13, right, of the Coana's Club
Of the log cabin Republicans
And he'll be tapped for a feat by McCain and they will win seven
That's this poll
I like to change it, I'm embarrassed by it
I mean, this is worse than sandwich fillings
Why is it? You'll hold you batch to two
Yeah, well, they're a couple out there not too bad
Really?
Like the one, what's the reason you don't call the show? I like that one
Okay, yeah, that's... you're right, I forgot about that
Should we change it?
I don't like this poll, it's just stupid
You can do whatever you want there
That's right, that's the key
Joe and our poll, how do you...
Except say, as...
Because then there'll be another major meeting, Clarex and Allison
We'll have another sit down
Well, how'd you like to be a fly on the wall?
Here's the discussion that goes on about whether or not we can play a bit of this
I want to add a curiosity but I'm afraid that I would just cry and not be able to stop
Cry on this, this is just another example
There's just one more piece of evidence in the ongoing case about QAM destroying the show
Doing everything in their power to block any chance that anybody might want listen to the show
Okay, here that, we need fun!
He's been about Kobe and Shack and now, and he didn't because it's not funny anymore
Because it's got all kinds of bleeps in it
Yeah
Because we work for a bunch of bleepin idiots
New person in this program?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
We need to be incorporated
You got no Canada
No way they go this year
Oh
Oh
He's gone a
Hose
Her
greatest
Fear
No
Evolence
No
Faithful
We've no red wings
And no stars
The only
Fight's
Will be inside the
Fire
Tung
Up this cage
I'll sit around and
Don't
Know
Can't
It's a basket
Fall's not for us
No
Can't
It's a basket
Fall's not for us
10-16-5-6
We have the Canada Day
How's it going?
Did I go to pride?
Yeah
Every year you get one of those
I get one and one
What are those kind of calls?
In?
Nothing, I just think they are easy
They don't understand, I'm not proud of it
There are a bunch of
Listing, mincing, screaming, stereotypical queens
Running around and yeah
And doing whatever they do
Embracing the hell out of those of us who aren't into that whole scene
But nevertheless
Oh, it was great, you don't understand, it's great all the floats
Yeah, they float all right
Flute is the operative word
Right away, you notice I still got this flim
I don't feel bad about anything like that
I don't have that cold and
Too much coughing and puking anymore
But I'd have the flim, I'm stuffy myself
So
And I discovered on the line
Just before the show it's Candida
Now luckily I don't have a yeast infection in my vagina, that's good
What's Candida?
Candida visas
Causes a post nasal drip
Did you know that?
No, I've never heard of that before
I don't want to hear Tony Orlando or Dawn
Okay, wash my dishes with Dawn
But I don't want to hear this idiot sing
This is my stop-up notes
Yeah
You hear that, can you hear that smell it
It's Candida, you know what's come?
Too much sugar
Really?
All that ice cream and candy and candy and ice cream
And cakes and pies
All of these
All of these things
That's what causes it, man, I'm gonna get off that, I'm gonna kill all of you
All of these things, just totally
If only you'd get off of the sugar and the yeast and all that crap
Yeah, hear my blood sugar down to under 400
Right
I know something, the fact that I'm still alive, it's a miracle
You should have been on that pole
I should have been on one pole
I'm not a musician, no, I'm not a musician
Neither, but it didn't stop them
Are we gonna change this pole?
No, let me forget, during this next break I'll fix the new one Eric
No, you don't have to, I gave it to Chris
We'll change it whenever you want
Oh, what's the reason you don't call a show?
Yes, I like that pole, it's fairly elusive compared to all this other crap
Yeah, change the pole now
Ah, putting it in the...
Thank you so much
Chris is here with us today, I understand he was out sick again yesterday
He's been out sick and awful lot lately
He's been at the dentist, you know, he's got two, maybe he's got an idea
Maybe you've got Candida and you're vagina too
We can't say ass, but we can save a vagina, thank you for that
How many QA&H, hello
Yes, James Buchanan's nickname was Mr. Fancy
That's right
And he dated, so how did it relation with a form of vice president
That is correct
Anywho
Yeah
Dry forth
July forth
Any chance we can have an impeachment hearing right after July forth?
No
No, I think
Okay
What, the sounded like one of the... I'm not sure what it did
It did, mm-hmm
Like Al Rogers or one of those Dennis Closinic liquors
Don't say ass liquor though, that's no
You can say Dennis Closinic liquor, but don't say ass liquor, you certainly can't talk about the taste
Oh my god, tastes like a penny
That's what Clarence said
Yeah, that's not true about that
Oh, he should know
Talk about it
You know something, he's from the PD Boulder School of Corporate Ass Licking, Clarence
Am I right?
Yep
Same variety
No talent, no knowledge, no concept of what radio is all about
He's got a big brown tongue
Rhymes with Dung
W.Q.A.M, hello
Yeah, W.Q.A.M. you're praying
W.Q.A.M, hello
Hello
Yes, sir
Atheist don't praise her, yes sir
Yes, I was wondering if you could play a good play for me
No
You can
I could
I might have played out it
What is it?
I like to hear the one change funding to shoefall or whatever it is
Yeah, okay
Oh
Oh
Yeah, what were the sugar man?
What were those carbs, the killer carbs?
Flim, see it could be much worse, I could be loose in my eyesight or my limbs could be amputated or
Right, all these other kidneys could be going
Sure
But it's only just flim, which is annoying
Well, that's the reason we have one time
Yeah, that's a good idea
Wake up, call
Candy Adesis
Yeah
No
I've been here to become, I don't know why I'm asking the questions for tour call, I guess
A fanatical born again Christian
I do believe he did Tony Rolane
I think that's uh, and then he disappeared
He went away, thank the Lord
W.Q.A.M. hello
Come on, come sit
W.Q.A.M. hello
Let's go, Marlon, yeah
Oh, I speak into the Marlon's, I did see about 10 seconds of that game last night, it was in the middle of the game
It wasn't like at the ass end or anything like that
Which wouldn't make any difference because it was an extra inning game
Correct
But nevertheless, and if there were, if there were 500 people there, that's a lot
I mean, I have never, ever seen a major league, a professional sporting event
with that sparse of a turnout
And Joe keeps asking, what is your hot club, nobody's talking about, because nobody cares, nobody cares
I mean, talk about trying to force feed something that nobody gives a crap about, they don't care
They don't wanna, don't you get it?
That's why this whole corrupt business of taking public funds and building them in a new stadium is just outrageous
That's like everything else, you know, and then of course the economists are saying, oh well, in two years
This one-do-falsus and two years we're going to be paying $7 for getting a gas
You hear that? Yeah
Well, let me ask you something, at what point, how much does it have to cost before the public starts like, just going crazy?
I envision the day when people are just gonna get together and they're gonna block off every highway in the country
Every interstate, they're just gonna get out there and park their car and get out and walk away
You know how these truckers occasionally do that or these farmers, they get these convoys going to know to make their point
Just fucking way! Right
I mean, you can only rape the public so much, I thought rape was against the law
And thank you again Mr. President for those little gas prices
And of course all the major oil companies now they're over there in Iraq trying to stick their finger in the hole, you know
Rrrr
Which of course everybody knew from the beginning just like I told you
Remember those days when I was saying it's all about OIL and MOE and why that's not the whole rack attack
What do you do?
Yeah, I know, I know what, I know the Lord knows the troubles I've seen man and most of them right in that building
God only knows the troubles we've been seeing
It's ready to be switched, will I be ready?
Go ahead, you don't have to ask my permission, I'm not gonna read this one again
How I ever suckered myself into putting that thing on there just because some listeners sent it in about Charlie Christ my God
Nobody cares
And then the proof in the pudding is look what went to number one before the end of it
Wasn't even on there when the show started and George said how much I put that on her I said sure who gives an F
How about freaking show how big sugar crois want to be able to vote for something
Okay, now do we are we changing?
Change it
What's the reason you don't call the show?
What should I vote for?
Likewise, what should we vote for?
I'm too busy
I can remember the number
I'm busy
Here are the choices
But I do
I'm just not that stupid, I fear Neil's reaction can't get through oh yeah
Too shy, no available phone, too busy, haven't got anything to say
I'd rather listen to the quantum crazy who do call, I'd probably get all tongue tied and wet my pants
He ordered me not to call anymore, I can never remember the number
Oh yeah, we don't give the number out often enough
Really
Too busy, three people say they're too busy
Yeah, I'm busy
I voted for that because what you know for some I know what else we're gonna vote for
QIAM Hello
WDQYM Hello
I hear you crying out for help me, I can help
WQYM Hello
I know it's hard to believe but George had a good fit last week about a second party
WD
WD, WD, die if we shot him
No
Yes
Die, die, A new
Yeah, exactly
I saw a hoi guy
What?
What did you say?
Good guy
Oh, WDQYM Hello
Neil God
Yes sir
Yes, you're always talking about the heartiest restaurant
I hate to repeat myself if you already mentioned it but yeah I thought on the paper yesterday where the founder of the heartiest
He died
That's the age of the God
I had it on last week, we talked about it
All right
Yeah
Yeah, God, he died
I think he died yesterday, he left it
No, no last week
Last week, okay
Well also, Rudy Valley, he's still dead
But if you know that or not
Yeah, nobody cares either
Okay, thank you, no God
Woo!
Now that was a setup call, that was a Futsi call
Thank no mistake about that
What?
I'm telling you right now man
Every time you pretty about it, crazier
Where can you find the best hot dog in town? That's his pull this week
If not for you
He's already been through the burgers and the tacos and the all of that crap all that's will
Where can you find the best fries in town?
Where can you find the best nachos?
Where can you find the best crap?
Hey listen, somebody's got to what talk about him
He's a dottering old fool with a red nose
1026 at QAM, we got the pull switch, thank God
The biggest name
The name is Kalim!
This is your largest sports radio 560 QAM
The sports leader
Yeah
The biggest name
The best talent is the mad dog Jim Mantich
Afternoon, sport a 7 sports radio 560 QAM
The sports leader
Hey, players!
Fight out
Say, you know I have to mean in it to talk to you about a little problem we have here at the station
What's that?
If we keep doing this sports thing, we're not going to have a station
Do you have any idea how many facts I've had this stab to succeed in the career I know nothing about?
Sports is my life!
And it's not important to me what the audience wants
Okay, okay!
Listen if there's anything I can't do for you
Don't hesitate not to ask me
Why?
I don't know what I'm doing
What I'm doing
I'm going to continue programming this station for me and my boyfriends
Gonna call Joel
Joel Feinberg
Hi Joel!
What's you doing?
I'm glad
Glad you're out of jail
Yeah, it's just a beard
And find any new boyfriends in the tunes?
What's in there alone?
I'm red, you know?
Oh, no
Say, how about some fantasy fest with Ball tonight?
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
1032, a QA, and bad timing by the way, Clarence, guess what word is the big word in the news today?
Not ads
Yes, no
Yes, you're making that up
No
You want to hear about it?
Please
Before I do that, here's the schedule for it
There we have Curtis for what's his name for Jerkson too
Thank God
Mad Dog 4-7
No, that's not right
See, Clarence can't even make the schedule out right
He's got Mad Dog 4-7
And then 6-50-7 first bitch would just see Aguilor
Oh, the Nazarene town for another game tonight
How many people are gonna have for that?
About 30, man!
Seriously, I've never seen anything like it in my life
If there were 100 people there, that may be an exaggeration
The offense tonight, 7-8 tonight
And then DA for me, 211
Good for him, by the way, and once he told him, if you think I'm doing 8-8 tonight, you can jam on it
He must have told him that
Remember the originally had him on 8-8 tonight?
Right
And he said, guess what, losers, you got me signed up for 3 hours a night, I'm not doing no 8-8 tonight
Take that 11-8 tonight, I'll earn jam on it
Here's the story
Senator Barack
Senator Barack Obama
I'll just, uh, practice him
We haven't got to ask yet
Okay
Took the first step Monday to a trend of bridges to see of animosity that surrounds former President Bill Clinton
But party in Cider State Clinton is still seething over his life's laws and once Obama did beg for his support
One published report quotes the former president is saying, Obama must kiss my ass
To gain his support in angry Democratic party officials and then privately that Clinton is making an
Of himself with his attitude
How do you like that? You got ass in there twice in the same paragraph
Yeah
Kiss my ass, making an ass of himself, and this is a new story
There's no other way to put a Bill Clinton as being a real, oh look at that, ass
I can't say that one at all over this
Really? Yeah, the whole thing, huh?
A whole, this is one Democratic party official who for obvious reasons has not to be identified
He has not to be identified, he has to be identified
He's acting like a spoiled, bratty kid
Obama Clinton ended their mutual silent treatment yesterday with the Democratic presidential candidate reaching out
And asking his former Democratic nemacist to help him win the White House
In their first conversation since the end of the heated primary, former president Bubba agreed to campaign for the candidate
He portrayed as an experience for a presidential run
Obama had said Bill Clinton's harsh criticisms led him to wonder which Clinton he was running against sometimes
A 20-minute conversation was the latest step in bringing together two warring camps while
Swirlry had been publicly behind Obama for a hard feelings made between the former president and the candidate hoping to become the next one
They hadn't spoken until Obama called Monday after landing in Missouri for a campaign stop
Both sides later issued statements about the conversation
An important public display of Obama needs that both Clinton's on board moving into the general election
But one published report quotes Bubba is saying that Obama must kiss my ass
To gain his support and Democratic angry Democratic party officials
Admitted primarily that Clinton is making an ass of himself of his attitude
There's no way I'm rereading that program for emphasis
For his bad way to put it, it's being a real ass
A real A-hole over this is one Democratic
What?
I can't say my world
We can't even say ass
A logic
And these people you tell me come to the appearances
Oh, you guys are just making this up right now. We're not making it up
You know, I heard on PBS and it was during the last company of the party on PBS too
Okay, Big Bird is probably farting on PBS
If birds fart, anything birds fart?
They must
I don't I never be farting
They don't pee
Maybe they fart
Oh, they pee, it's all right
Maybe it's all the same thing, maybe it's gassy too
Gassy?
Yeah, out there assi
Birds have a gassy assi
Next you're gonna be talking about Tallahassee Lassie
Oh my god
WDQA Am Hello
There you are, get you teaching
WDQA Am Hello
George, it's best
Okay, great. No, you're obsessed. That's the interesting part. You're obsessed
It must be a real feather in our crap, you know, all the people obsessed
I mean, I knew that they were obsessed with me
Yeah
That's how you're on baby
Over the years, we've had a long list of losers obsessed with me
Who think that they're keys to the kingdom
Are all just waiting if they just rip my ass and off
See, they go with assing
But in your case, all of a sudden you become like the main target
Uh-huh, it's love, it's the other
Is that what it is? Oh yeah, it's an obsession
Lot of open lines on that board now
560, 560
Pound 560 in a Verizon Singular Wireless Line
No more sugar
I'm begging you
What? It's not worth it
No, now with this flan there's something much sweeter and healthier than you can live much longer and enjoy it if you just avoid the sugar
How do you know it's sweeter?
I wasn't talking about this
Taking votes on the poll, what's the reason you don't call the show?
I'd rather listen to the chronics and crazies who do 14
I'm just not that stupid eight
Too busy, seven, I'm too busy
I'd probably get tongue tied and went my pants five
But I do call five, yeah, I like to story
Five
Haven't got anything to say four
Two shy, three, I fear Niels' reaction three
I can't remember the number one
And none yet for the other week choices on there
No available phone
Can't get through
Ha ha ha ha ha
Can't get through
Those lines are always smoking, man
Ah, they can't get through
Nobody QAM, hello
Hello
Nobody QAM, hello
He's going to Canada
QAM, hello
You can't quit sugar
Oh, the whisperer's back
The whisperer's back
But a hit and run
You can't quit sugar
What a play to McGuire's this is your sugar win tomorrow
And sugar win the
How's that go?
Sugar win the summertime
You don't have that
You have that?
The McGuire's sisters and sugar time
Uncroll records with the nine sisters
Ah!
Wow, talk about
Wow!
Wow!
I'm playing off the
Sugar in the morning, sugar in the evening
Sugar's back supper time
He's my little sugar
And love me all the time
Okay, that's enough
I can't believe you got that
If I don't have it, I'll get it
That's my goal to have it
You'll write it and you'll sing it yourself
That's why I'm a musician pool
It was based on my comb and paper performance
WDQ-YM, hello
Hello
Can you get a message to the grade one for me?
WDQ-YM, hello
Action pressure, stop
Now see, it's not even eleven o'clock yet
We haven't even finished one of them
Already we've set new records in the...
You have
The biggest name, the best talent
Here at the Middle of the
Sport League of 5.60 QAM
The sports leader
What's wrong with that bass?
Lactum
As
F***
F***
Well, evening
When I show up my teeth
I like oven
Something sweet
We have these muffins
That you can cry
And sometimes
Don't shoot it
The dad's alive
That you can't do night in my butt
But the label says
You're showing
My doctor says I can't have nothing
It's better for my time in the days
I'm gonna show up at the shelter
Cause the best is life in the days
And baby, baby, baby, baby
In the rain
We're leaving our children
Good
Let it go, it's down like a nice brand-up
And it's soft and golden brown
It's easy to come when you want
And you jump in and your teeth aren't in your mouth
It's very easy, I think it's amazing
And it comes out smooth like metammusual
So it's comfortable when it shoots out
Now I'm choking tonight, give my my friend
And bear for my day, baby
Now I'm gonna show up at some end
That's the best is life in the days
I said, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby, baby
10.45 at juvenile jury
Remember that show, juvenile jury with Jack Berry?
No
Well, it's because it's four-year time
But that's what we're working in
Juvenile like a sandbox
I thought it was kangaroo court
Terence is the, uh, uh, he's the ringleader
He's got the little pale in his shovel
Here's the poll so far
76 votes
What's the reason you don't call the show
And right at the moment
As I'm reading this, there's one column of board
That is the door nail I realize we're, you know, close on the, uh, ass end of the fourth of July
Did I say ass again?
Yeah
Too bad
But I mean, let's get serious
I mean, George gave me a report on his show yesterday
And I just, uh, I just almost got up and went back to bed
Why?
What, my next time I'm calling on my phone
We had some different people this first 45 minutes today
This is truth
Something
I didn't say good, but we had some different people
What's the reason you don't call the show
I'd rather listen to the chorus and crazies who do 19
I'm too busy, nine
I'm just not that stupid, nine
Haven't got anything to say, eight
But I do call eight
Uh-huh
Two shy, seven
I'd probably get all tongue tied wet my pants, six
I fear Neil's reaction, five
Can't get through three
I can never remember the number one
Neil ordered me not to call any more, one
Oh yeah, that always works really well, don't it?
Like the quarter-shlock guy
Yeah
Did he call you yesterday?
I don't think so
Well, he might have, but you know
Maybe somebody killed him
Oh, no chance
My boss had get pissed off none and no available phone, none
WDQAM, line nine
Hi, grandma
WDQAM, hello
I wouldn't actually call myself a thornie
I'll call you in an A here
Since that's the word of the day, ass
You have bad, bad fake voices
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight
I'm gonna have to spend some wax here today, you know what?
And then you got the ratings tomorrow morning
I might actually be listening to that, but I doubt it
I gotta get my teeth cleaned tomorrow
I did my yesterday
Did you really?
I didn't like that
And reached to his great teeth work, I had my teeth
My own, yeah
I had no idea what it was, my own little responses
I'll be damned
I'll give the numbers one more time that I'm gonna play the rack
Because I got some stories here
I don't wanna do bedtime stories on 4th of July
We on Canada Day of all days
That would be bad
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight
Pound five, six, eight, and a Verizon Singular wireless line
I'm waiting for a big furry
I'm waiting for a gigantic, tremendous response
I mean, first day of July
Anybody that's still there like I said before
Is either about to be broke or a stupid
Or has no choice, one of those three
Right
All of these things
Right, can I come in? Hello
Clean his teeth with peanuts
WQ, can I come in? Hello
Come in, come in
Hi
I thought you were exaggerating
Did you? Yeah, what about everything?
Chris pulled a fast one on you yesterday
And called in
Listen, I don't play the piano at all
And then I left
I wish I had been a smart person
You left, but why would I call?
I think when the call started coming in, that's when Chris left
No, even before he couldn't make it to 10
Well, why not?
You had a crawl in Robert's hands and easy
He's barely able to move
What's new about that?
Nothing
Fat people being sick is there something new about that?
No
I don't think so, just like I said
You're young
Right, nine old
Tell you one thing
I'm dying on the hands
Don't do it
WQ, I am Hello
Oh, not even a, not even a BERT
A nothing
That's bad
I think what we're going to do today will take him one at a time, you know what I mean?
What? You don't want to take him three at a time?
No, you know what I mean
They're only going to come in with it
They're coming in one at a time
Why nine always is pretty heavy duty now
They're onto my friend
You're my friend, he's my friend
There is no creature alive that is your friend
Okay?
Loser, slimeball, scumbucket, idiot
And when you told me that his uncle or whatever the creature was
Was that that appearance at Gulfstream?
Yeah
That why didn't you have a talking to with that creature?
I did, I shouted out to him, you didn't hear me?
No, it's not funny
Yeah
I said it's not funny, you know, you think it's, you know
Maybe it was in the family, maybe it was in the family
Obviously, obviously
They're all soft and sandal scab pick and retard
There's a lot of them
Like mutants off a spaceship
Hmm
Could have fooled me
Q-I-M, hello
Hey, Neil, you ever seen a movie called Shendolo's This?
No
Okay, it's, you want to see
You want to see if you just go ahead, seriously, if you just check it out
It's called
No
That guy went in, think of the porties when I hit the old ruling
And Jeremy, just check it out, man
I have it, it's sitting in the other room
So you did see it?
No, I didn't, I didn't watch it
Hey, well, it's worth watching, okay?
And I won't watch it
Okay, fine, whatever
Anti-submit
Yeah, that's it
I'm an anti-Semitic
Lissettitor
I gave up on that one, but please watch of Mesa Man
And I'm going to start playing for the National Hockey Team next season
Are you?
But 56670560, Prone 560, they've rised in Singular wireless line
See, now we're going to some, look at that board, man
I think rather than taking them, we ought to just look at the lines flash
Yeah, pretend that there's good calls over there
Oh, were you stopping?
So, negative to read about the cars?
Q-I-M, hello
You, well, you have to
W-I-M, hello
Hello, Neil
Yes?
How you doing?
Okay
Or, hey, hey, it's Sous
What do you got?
What do you got?
Why?
I went to for George really
I'm calling them all tomorrow tomorrow
I don't know, we ain't going to need it
Don't do this rude crap about it
I had a question for George, called George
He talked at George when George is doing the show
Which is 90% of the time in the summertime
And next week I'll be on vacation
I won't be here at all next week
Thank God
I'm going to be here
Is it next week the time I'm on vacation?
Yes it is
Oh, are you sure that?
I think
What the hell would this says?
Well, that next week
So you get five solid days
A lock solid
Of George next week
Talking ass
W-I-M, hello
Was she the rabbit's fat one?
W-I-M, hello
My name is Joe
Q-I-M, hello
Q-I-M
Neil?
Yes?
How you doing?
Q-I-M
I'm going to stay a little bit
A little bit
A little bit
It's going to be OK
OK
Q-I-M
Q-I-M
I think it's going to be OK
Is there any other options?
The one
was one of the choices so I wanted to see if you could add one that we really would
contain the main.
Yeah.
And you're going to see the irony in this because it's just based on the fact that I called
but how about the Kempi bother?
Kempi bother?
Yeah, I'm just sitting around and I'm like, you know, what do I want to waste my time calling
Neil?
You know, he's not mad at me.
I do have something to say.
Bob, Bob, I just, you know, don't feel like him.
I don't, in other words, I don't want him.
I don't want him.
Okay, that's a good choice.
I don't want him.
Okay, well, don't do it again.
Get that on there, Chris.
I don't want him.
Don't enough.
I don't want him.
I don't like the way he said it.
I can't be bothered.
I didn't think that was a very friendly, no, not very common.
Was it?
I can't be bothered.
Well, excuse us, sir, and then of course, the fact, like he said, it's ironic because he
called and he sounded like, oh, you know, like he had an IQ larger than his thumbnail.
Not by much.
Nope.
Can't be bothered.
Hey.
We want to apologize right now for bothering you for all these years.
Somebody QA Am, hello.
He's in all.
Oh, man.
He is.
When you come down.
Oh, I like to join it.
QA Am, hello.
You're on vacation next week.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, pretty funny.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I don't want to overdo it, man.
I want to be just like everybody else on this station.
I want to take as much time off as I possibly can.
Is clearance there today, by the way?
Mr. A.S.?
Yes.
Oh, he is there, Mr. A.S.?
Well, how do you like that?
He's actually working today, a couple days before the 4th of July.
And I wouldn't be surprised if he's running around breakfast, see the marwin, those numbers
come across the machine, man.
Oh, my God.
I have two words for you speaking of good machine.
Quick hit.
It's a fun game.
It really is.
All the slot machine games.
I don't know if they have it.
Did any of the venues there?
I'm pretty sure they do with, well, I'm not going to say where.
I don't know.
Did they have it at the Gulf Stream when we were plunging our lungs?
I don't know.
I'll have to come back and find out.
Your honor.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
No, Chris.
No.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
George Adam's very, very controversial show.
Yeah, yeah.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
I don't know.
Q.A.M.
Couldn't do it.
Couldn't pull the trigger if you know what I mean.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
It was calling.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
I want to have a vacation and take me with you.
I'm 30 years old, young, blonde, head of mail.
Not interested, sir.
Not interested in all you drawers.
All you on the air predators, OK?
This is the new deal now.
This is the new setup calls.
Oh, I'm 20 years old.
I'm right down the street from you here in Toronto.
And you'd like to come by and do a little work for you.
That guy was way 30.
You know, way out.
Yeah, 30.
Yeah.
30 stool, anyway.
Get away from my face, mother scratcher.
Get away from my ass.
100 new boats on that new pool already.
I told you, and it's still in the first hour of the show.
I told you, get rid of that Charlie Crystal.
What kind of limperous crystal?
The first night of 5.
60 Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name is the best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 5.
Spice! Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
Spice!
something really amusing and interesting and catchy to play you know when we
come back some bit you know I mean yep and we finally get one and oh you can't
play that it says yes haha not in that context you gotta be fast
it just doesn't stop it doesn't stop and when you're dealing with simple
things like this with idiots with with with let me say it again we ought to have
a big billboard campaign I know that's amazing for these people that should
say we've got no balls we stay that thing that said we've got balls until
Donna Shalili got all been on a shape got her knickers in a lot about it we
ought to have an SS we got no balls 560 WK we got no single we got no balls there
you go how do you like that I don't like why I didn't hand why not you know
fun man you just trust me I don't want to find out you don't have to you're
like other I don't want to I'm wondering like milk products cheese I eat too much
cheese yes the cheese that's right right to cheese mm-hmm
you were like all of oil things like all of oil things with that in it
which I do you like because that that cleans out your veins I guess you just
drink olive oil like with a straw and then smear some on my feet Q
a.m. hello
yeah from the grave Q a.m. hello
how you with no ball Q a.m. hello Q a.m.
welcome you yes I actually have an intolerant call for you
yeah 560 560
pound 560 and even rising singular wireless line
WK way m hello hello Neil this is my real voice by the way no it's not no it's
not yes it is I'm a bridge my name's off skip calling from England
oh huh look at my calling from calling from England yes calling from England
no you're not no you're not I am no you're not certainly I'm not sure what time is
it there now it's just gone 4 o'clock in the afternoon mm-hmm and about the
word a s s by the way of course over here it means a donkey if you if you want to
use a slightly rude word for bottom the word that we use over here is a
okay so if you want to have a rude word on the air you have to say a not a
a us that's absolutely right I see and as you can see I do call quite
prepared to call but of course one of the problems that I encounter is because
you get so many people putting on false voices yes like you when my voice comes
on the air people think that I'm putting on a false voice but of course you are
of course you are so I tend to get cut off I mean let me sit again of course you are
well putting on a false voice right no no this is my real voice how sad I'm Robin
leech right how long you've been working on it well I've been working on it's a
61 years because I know yeah well give it a rest okay open the window and
air it out 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in a Verizon singular right
this time maybe you can match that I doubt it maybe we can get some people to
call today who've never called me for since it ties right with our pool how's
I don't want to do it all of that's moving up list got ten votes already I wouldn't
be surprised if that winds up running I don't want that that one guy I think you
know I don't want to be bothered don't bother me right it can't be bothered
I mean he's sitting there in his house and nobody said he's working in this house
I mean what a tremendous while he has nothing to say is what he's trying to
say that's the real answer and why should he be different from almost anybody
else in South Florida straight you think the South of San
Winett that Joe you think the South of San
do it hey Gaby you think the Yankees can win the Bennett Gaby now those people
they got something to say of course it's all the same but nevertheless not as
entertaining as these people don't WQ a M hello
Q a M hello
for seven years the medication don't work here the same bad imitation like I said
man originality is something you can't complain about originality in South
Florida because there isn't any they're either feeding back something that I've
said or that you've said or somewhat one of the bits we played that's 99% of it
it puts the lotion in your ass yeah that guy that guy's just pathetic you know
the one I'm talking about yep it puts the blank in the blank that that's his
whole stick WQ a M hello yes now that I'm that's what color has died do you think he's
regret is this another another point what we got to run on phony British accents
now no no no I thought he does he does how does he be great at what he's dead dummy
to the softful hot where he's at right now oh my god it's awful hot yeah I think it's
like a new rectum yeah it's awful hot where he's at now yes if he would have
had a nice guy who wouldn't have died but evidently there are no nice people because
everybody dies so including all the all the religious all the gaskies they're gonna die
I'm dying out of here WQ a M hello me yes see what I mean Q a M hello
hello there we go what you may not do this is got it yeah be my up study
die up and beam you down the see I just what I got through sand we have the one guy claiming
he's calling from England which you know if he was calling from Miramar wouldn't have
started that clear and and now we got 15 phony British accents in a row it's
just a there there are no words to describe it it's just pathetic tragic indescribable
un un un believe that too WQ a M hello yes there's a buddy gets better ratings yeah
funny sucks WQ a M hello oh my god I think I know what the flim is from it's
from the calls must be sorry yeah I had this be when I was doing the bedtime stories
and have all this problem right right and I started taking the calls again I've got
this big post nasal drip bad bad flim frockies WQ a M hello
we post a hard job to go to the right Q a M hello
it's hello yeah neither speaking mr. Neil how you don't there okay I've got a question
how are you a citizen in Canada a family or no I'm not how how difficult is it to to
move up there and I mean I'm looking like Vancouver and not Toronto what's that I said
the good luck to you good luck if it's tough to get up and in there or they let pretty much
anybody in this just time you're a terrorist I'll let you in right away yeah I'm just
I'm from it sir but I have a good day appreciate the info put out a
turbine and grow a long beard man now let's you're ready all right thank you
thank you tell me why to be a cab driver see he's laughing he thinks I'm joking if he's
he'll a clean shaven and like you know like some ordinary non-apprusive guy they'll
give you a big song of dance but if you look like a terrorist like you're gonna blow
yourself up like a suicide bomber oh welcome to Canada have a great time hey that's how it works
what better say I'm gonna be here then her and then make sure your turbine is on real tight and
that the roaches aren't crawling around the on the outside make sure they're all in the inside
tucked inside right Q a m hello I want at the program the other life Wtq a m hello
any oh yes
real yes
well he sure tickled himself you know it how maybe not himself somebody's finger was
like them in their deep real deep digging for corn how we doing on the pole by the way Chris
I'm not gonna read it because it's 151 pretty good it's better in that Charlie crisp
I don't know who sent that in but I'm gonna get I'm gonna get jolly joe's detectives on it
who sent that that was somebody trying to sabotage the show probably somebody from i.o.d
now what where are they now do we have any idea are they down where are you i.o.d
yeah I don't know keep channel I don't know are they any old
paxon building down there I don't know where you used to have to go to pick up my check
and I would I would know no no sooner pull my car up into the parking lot there and get up to
the front door and who would come waddling out hi at that way at the paxon building with with
the latest gossip whether with the interroutine you know see some people think that there's
such a thing as radio sales holes there's no such thing they're just radio yentos
the sports leader
sports leader radio is what the queues war you
yeah
things like the moron
yes and
huh every time he's
he's the way god wants to speak wants to take the city and cover it in the sweetest
rain making can
rain making can
rain making can
rain making can because he wants to make new or leaves
and I don't care what people are saying
it's like Jesse Jackson we as black people his comments on his own
surely god is man
he compares the vocals to a willy-wonka
chocolate
and egg and egg and egg
yes rain egg and egg and egg
rain making can because he wants to make a new or leaves taste good
it's time for us to come together
it's time for us to rebuild a new or less the one that should be
uptown or wherever they are
this city will be chocolate a chocolate new or
he ever takes the blame for anything
chocolate at the end of the day
that chocolate and some coffee and a
one-fold is
rain making can
rain making can
no I can
rain making can because he wants to make new or leaves taste good
you can't have no all this no other way
you can't have it no other way
it's 1118 at 560 can you say
battling idiot like that that's him
battling idiot 164 votes on the pool
how's i don't want to do it
about people calling and they evidently don't want it because they're
ain't no calls on the board now
it's in fourth place
fourth place i don't want to
it is uh-huh
uh-huh oh yeah it is it's got 16 votes
i'd rather listen to the chronics and crazies who do call 30
30 on it
30 man
but you won't hear any of them right now because they ain't none of them calling
5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's get some first timers today for quiet sakes
i like that guy who was given a song to dance about uh George
Colonel that fake call you know
George Colonel where he is right now it's hot it's so hot
all those things he said about god and religion
right it's hot 5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the Verizon
Instigator wireless line
wq a m crank carline hello
uh-new yes sir
hey how you doing okay great did you give uh uh i couldn't make it to your last appearance
you ever send the autographs out or like pictures
no no no all right just thought i'd ask enjoy your name thank you okay you're welcome
now in the overall schema things that was a great call
sure wasn't it on average
we had to uh adjust the curve over the years
right oh well we came to q a m the curve just uh man
it fell down beneath the floor down down there with a credit union used to be
wq a m hello good morning the how you doing
good morning sir uh i was listening to fill over the week and he's on 60 10
of it re-rear you know uh one from last week and he said
the back word and the other one that rhymes with what's the it was in one sentence and didn't
that didn't get blocked out or nothing yeah how the hell is that possible
what do you mean how the hell is that possible uh maybe he didn't work for beastly greed
mm-hmm that could be it uh maybe joys and clerics aren't censoring and trying to screw up his show
they don't have their fingers in it and you know did one with it i guess i don't know how they
got their fingers in it all right believe me right come
i need to have a nice candidate thanks man thanks a lot hey okay
happy candidate oh Canada
uh i got to get rid of this flim and nobody's calling in with any you know remedies
soak your head yeah soak this that that five six seven oh five sixty pound five it's
getting a lot better though this morning i woke up and i can almost speak and i thought dammit
it's Tuesday wq a m hello you can't expect us to believe that George is
wq a m hello oh yeah what a great show you have you i'm going to call up and
suck up to you like all the other idiots call huh yeah go ahead i won't i'm going to call
the fbc that's what i'm going to do sir yeah yeah and and what about save my what about save
money on your insurance well by the way you can save up the
what no time to go that was great we're not going to top that today no you're right
well i know tomorrow man i got them all down i got you that's what i heard
well that's right because i'm like lurking in the shadow is right lurking in the shadow is
waiting to attack working waiting to attack and work it
wq a m hello
wq a m hello hello hello hello hey okay
okay is it the radio yeah this is the radio i want to talk to you speaking hey how you doing okay still
excuse me when i was the plan what is it somebody I swear i have a good remedy yeah i bet
i'm not the perverted go ahead um check some honey yeah that should do it yeah i bet okay
charge some honey junior
they just don't care they're insensitive they're rotten to the core
everything's a big joke i'm sitting here gagging and choking i've got more flim than even
even agro falls to have this much whatever that means you know what that means no i don't
i can't explain it wq a m hello hello no yes i you doing the first time call it okay all right i do love
you so and i love you when George does that for you there's no drop off
that's it okay all right see you around pali all right no bye
okay let me see you around hello Neil how are you okay good listen i i've never made a
poll suggestion but i was thinking maybe i finally have come up with one after struggling with it
for so long you might you might find it interesting it's one of them reversible polls i was thinking like
who's the um who's the uh uh the whitest black guy you know and reverse the blackest white guy you
know you know what i'm saying i'm picking like uh you know obama and michael Jackson and uh
tire woods and stuff like i mean obviously you guys come up with probably a bunch more but
i just i'd never heard that before i never run in a wine why that because it sucks oh well
there you go yeah man oh well now i know why you never tried with polls before don't do it again
okay okay five six seven don't you think that sucks i know i need i need the cough drops there
you go i got something here you go i'll start you serious i'm not joking you it's it's either it's either
you're gonna finish the show or i'm gonna get some cough drops okay the flim irritates your throat
and right when you're talking and the flim is irritating your throat like that it just it's like
a knife cutting your throat cutting your vocal cords and you you obviously are indifferent
you know i'm not indifferent of course you are didn't make some things i should think he's i should
what makes him tea oh every every there every time if somebody's got like hemorrhids makes them
tea okay no no no what your throat is irritating you i think you would have to crap man listen
everybody knows that it's common sense everybody knows it everybody knows it when your throat is
sore breaks some tea not good yeah during the bike like the little medicine thing this is
eight oil some water what this is ancient common sense ancient chinese secret not even a secret
but it ain't the right to get your chinese marvelous it might involve mental lictus yeah do that
to sense somebody for some tea and uh it's got some money okay i got tea qa and hello good morning
couple of morning to you hmm according to mokpoly not let me ask you something
yes yeah whatty whatty whatty who whatty whatty whatty whatty you what do you
mokpoly live with Charlie Chris i'm not whatty yeah you are what you sound like him
i'm not Roger markfully definitely with Charlie Chris Charlie's too old for mark
no they live in 91 to 93 Susan Booker who's a assemblyman a seven other woman said that
mokpoly and Charlie Chris lived together from 91 to 93 John Peeler you're listening to the Miami
hell go on and and he should if he ends up being the VP uh you got to just one of the
thickest he's gonna end up being the PP get out of here 26 past 11 a qm maybe i'll come back
and maybe i'll go to the market or maybe i'll just go make some nice hot tea
scolving boil the best talent you know this new project sports radio 560 qa m the fourth leader
yeah yeah the biggest names the best talent is the jack show afternoons to the fourth
four three five sixty qa m the sports leader just just just just just just tell me what your problem
and gg isn't coming to you live from harrywood with another edition of america's bottom 40
brought to you by the oxy five companies newest acne medication oxymoron five for pimple free
teenagers and early childhood
there have to be a little quicker on the tape boy that's a good show we've got the worst
songs in america and we're counting them down record joys are showing them
for some unknown reason you're buying them and i'm using them as coasters let's review the top
three songs on the charts at number three guns and roses is seeing sweet child of mine
well if i had a child around the house today i'd have these four words for lead guitar
slash and his chords stay the hell away
and number two you will who says man eat no living in a perfect world and especially not for you
you reasons you don't speak proper english and a number one George Michael sings he's got a
monkey on his back well i would imagine it's getting a little crowded back there
but then again you probably don't mind
and by the way George there are these remarkable shaving instruments called razor
one and lose that silly ass earring
other songs on the charts the band Johnny hates jazz with i want to be a hero who is
moving down on the charts and deservedly so apparently Johnny also hates music
i don't think hero status is imminent Johnny so get a real job
and there is a song i like run stewards newest release forever young and for a moment i thought
was a song about me forever hung
and now it's time for a long distance dedication it comes to us from a listener and bastard
in a California right here kacy i'm sixteen years old president of my class i'm six four two
i've blonde hair way 175 pounds and stars quarter back to my high school team
the kacy i have a problem the girls simply will not leave me alone it seems just though i don't
they want me for it is my good looks my excellent physique why can't they just like me as a friend
treat me as a person instead of some sex object and quit hitting upon me all the time
kacy do you have any suggestions sighing Todd well here's my hamper dear flaming hovel
okay let me thirty three and listen how much better i so now don't i wow what like night
day get out of here your crazed oris day more like that yeah bigelow cranberry apple tea that
actually sounds good it is good i got some splendor that's about 100 years old i smeared in air
i should drink some doubt from all stuff up with bogies with what bogies of the bogie bogies
yeah i don't got no more bogie i got no more snot rockets i just have all this settled in my throat
you know i'm rocking because you rocket man i'm not rocking five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty and a variety of singular wireless line look at that phone man
hundred ninety eight votes on the polo this poll is a moui papalani
and i know one is in third place now with twenty four votes i don't want to
like a guy said you know we can't be bothered wqa m hello
i'm chamele yes sir hey it's funny uh you know you could say yourself but
cleverly right i mean it's times a lot of people do and when i'm getting at it
it's the guy called about getting your your autograph your picture in your autograph
i remember i think about twelve years ago so that i met you and i met uh
joy with your signing autographs and your pictures and you had the CDs over that bookstore
yeah a lot of years ago you remember that uh you know i can't lie about it
yeah i just saw a person that said you don't actually do that anymore you don't do these uh
you know uh get together or is there any more out i just got you a dual amount of
a couple weeks ago down at the Gulf Stream last month yeah well all right well i just i was
thinking about that since the time this and uh some free us growth there to be honest with you
when you get like uh flammable or tall
yeah like that uh i got in fishermen's friend that's that's some good oh my god those things
all that great man of clear your obligation to get together again really that's
been your box just giving your drugs five six seven oh five sixty fishermen's
friend they got right across the street at the chinese market if you'd let me go there
but you won't i'm not stopping you sure you are because if i if the break if the next
break should end and i'm not here you're right it's gonna take me like first i got to put on my
pantaloonies okay and shoes that'll take me about 40 seconds you can do that during one break
get all ready to go then during the following break going over there
you don't understand i could put my pants in shoes on right now while i'm speaking yeah
yeah i got going to go ahead and i could get to a fisherman friend although
they're horrible tasting number one and number two that's that good to do anything for flamm
i like the good old menthol halls thank you very much but they got sugar in them
not the ones i got they got made in the sugar free ones they've got loaded with sorbetal man
oh my god your pants are just loaded within like five minutes
after you start sucking on those sugar free uh otherwise all the cheese i eat oh my god
it's like borat
they brought them bag of puppy who uh dinner right
and that's and where do i put this including you think that's very funny very funny
he was right i think all those people are dinner dodgy southern he went to the bathroom and he said
where do i put this yeah and he brought his food and he said back to us and clearest said oh
you can't say that i think the tea is helping a little bit
no i don't know is it always done a lot oh can't hurt qa m hi
come into qa m hello hey do you have a go on buddy okay
any of your trips uh uh to hilly did you ever go to corleon corleon no no i'm planning a trip
me and a wife the obvious choice would be uh a roam and have you been to florist yes it's beautiful
okay and in closing to to ven a manja manja have a good one buddy
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and they've arrived in singular wireless line
everybody get on a plane a boat a train somewhere not a car because you can't afford the gas
but get on thus some vehicle that's moving sailboat sailboat's not a bad idea and go somewhere
not a yacht cancel that birthday party by the way that insanity we cancel that
aren't you pleased no covered no about business they know what that's right that's the
that's the most truthful thing you said in a long time it is none of your business right
it's like a one of our friends bought a time share in vegas you know right and p to wait 20
grand on the drain because he's young and foolish and doesn't realize time shares are one of the
biggest scams ever came down a plane see it makes sense to tell me about it beforehand and say
what's your advice what do you think is this a good idea and i would say don't do it but but to
tell me afterward it's kind of like pointless isn't it right and expect me to like somehow make
sirloin steak out of chicken droppings it's just it's not easy right at mb at mp that my business
not my problem wdq am hello go bell for the yeah go bro out of me your friend birds of a
feather suck together okay go bells my friend yeah in fact keep it you know something joe bell
probably puts him up to the calls he's probably sitting right there down he's the one in life
I remember yeah what do you mean by that the calls remember joe bell likes the calls and
senses and he's talking about uh huh oh he's got that private detective though he's gonna
he's gonna get him working on these people oh my god no actually my noses kind of you know
what might as snot clean maybe this is something going around maybe we're all gonna like
uh have a son of talking to a lot of people i think it's the african dust maybe it's getting
to you all the way up there the african dust every year but i think that's some kind of like a
racial thing now i'm gonna start i think the dust is orange going to get tested out
you know what the real log is 40 or 560 qam the fourth leader
the you yeah are you fat when you sunbatat the beach does greenpeace try to push you back into
the water did your iq drop one point for each pound you lost on fenn fan if you answered yes to
any of these questions you need the 100 percent guaranteed diet system flam flam our flam flam
counselors will follow you around on your daily routine and when you attempt to eat anything
fattening they will hawk a lugi on your food that fried chicken looks delicious oh my god
i think i'm gonna be sick flam flam the weight loss system that really works
i'll pass on that Danish i think i'm gonna be sick
1145 at 560 wqam this tea is delicious guess what else causes excess flam thick nasty flam
caffeine really and guess has been drinking 80 million caffeinated diet coaks at the
woodbindland drinking lots of coffee day after day after day
see that right then then then
i don't want a 36 on our pull it's in third place already they don't want to call
they would but they got nothing to say and they don't want they can't be bothered
560 560 pound 560 in the Verizon Singular wireless line great news
Curtis is on for the vacationing jerks all week from 2 to 4 at some of the best news the caffeine
thing makes sense to me because i'm drinking like gallons of yeah coke what
yeah but that's not the new you do that all the time and i drink caffeine all the time
no not that amount okay not i said i didn't it says it says it causes extra thick
snot yeah i think it's the African dust
the African dust yeah every year they do stories on it
blows across the ocean aggravates everyone's asthma well hawk and everybody else is not like a lot
of other people are been talking a lot of people that are all stuffy and sniffly
literally Chris was sick yesterday oh we have Chris is just fat you know
what you sick what were you sick with um i don't know i had it on sunday and uh you had it
what i don't know what it was i'm on stomach flu or what it was with everything is basically
running through me and uh got up in the morning and i felt like crap but i came in and
you had the crafts well yeah wow
now now that sounds like something connected with your ass maybe well don't tell
Clarence that you said ass on here you'll be you'll be toast i would never do that you'll be
African dust WQA in hello no no yes sir oh yes your part of it okay that's so much
that was good those bogey don't make sure with that yeah that was beautiful hello now
yeah no kidding i'm a federal fag and what's it to you what's it to you he likes that does he
sure WQA in hello that was number Q a m hello
George gets real stuffy WQA in hello
you know wow that now that was a run yep you got to admit it that was a real interesting run
not good interesting depressing disgusting and grotesque and i'm asking new and different people
to call today well first of all there's nobody in town it's the first of july
they're all on the road and then the guy to call about going to Italy he and that could have
been interesting call but it was not and you want to know why why because he didn't want to have
a conversation have you ever been to colione uh rigatoni macaroni uh and of course the obvious
places to go to the room the reason that the people go to room and for instance places like that
is because they're beautiful and the food is spectacular and the people are beautiful and there's
lots to uh the two and see that's why if you want to go to colione and uh you know we live the
godfather uh i just i just popped the cd in the deck and sit there at home right now a lot less
expensive that euro will kill you
you know what i mean you're a fat fat guy new slash they keep 222 votes on the pool
here i am under the weather again just like last week i were using that expression a lot under
the weather uh weather here is beautiful by the way for candid today it's sunny there's just one
little puffy white cloud in the sky and for castrenova who's obsessed with the uh toronto weather
the temperature is 73 right now it's going to be 27 which is what 80 81 beautiful
you can go out there and get yourself a nice melancholy about a half an hour
wda qa m hello hey nil how about i was wondering you go to row with your boyfriend you
bag it
wda qa m hello
wda qa m hello nil get positive yes what is it get positive your whole heart
hey positive speaking english
nil uh luiz Miguel is coming to town November you're going to come down here to see him in Miami
no i thought you liked the luiz Miguel what i do i've already seen him two or three times concerts
i don't need to see him again oh okay and um i'm going to vegas in august where i'm staying at the
wind is that a good hotel you're staying at what at the wind the wind wind hotel yes and they oh my god
yeah that's great have a great time don't lose too much what nothing just the way you said that
this is something wrong with that that i don't know about
like i've been in the wind i think i think that's what used to be
i can't think of the name of it waiting north north end of the strip north of the strip i think
i'm not really sure i've been here in years and what do i need to go to vegas for these people
with their obsession with vegas it's a great place to go once it's a tourist trap the odds are
to gamble the odds are incredibly against you no matter what the signs are that they put up all
these players 98 percent it's a tourist trap and you're going to lose your ass that mean there's
some great shows and there's great food and yadi yadi and beautiful casinos to see but after
while they all start to look alike you know do you know what i'm saying i don't just say
i mean you you could be in the middle of the floor at the belagio and look around you and
and think oh is this is this win is this lose is this so the maraj is it's what i was going to say
ceasers what the win lose a draw it's going to be lose trust me when i tell you're going to lose your
ass all right but have a great time you know and then maybe someday you want to go back i don't have
any desire to go back which which gets for whatever reason get some people in the audience very
upset all used to rape them out of the business all the time but you know what i don't need to go
back there if i want to plunge my guts out i can get my car and in 20 minutes i'll be at woodbying
they got three thousand machines there were two thousand more than enough to lose my ass
wqa m hello what you take on Michael beaver what's my tape yeah take this
wqa m hello qa m yes and speak to me oh please speaking
what what just happened to your phone somebody grab it it's a crag
no but what happened to him he shoved it up his
right them oh no don't say ass no he's got a ass phone maybe he's got one of those new ass
phones wait i'm lying for what how did you qa m hello me yes i think i think that hotel was the
Sahara if i remember you know i replaced a vim no no not the Sahara no oh okay and what about
Elliott's picture that is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and he's
rising singular wireless line that would be qa m not there oh qa m hello
yes hello with another funny british voice yes oh it's so bad it's so nasty it's so shag nasty
how's the wills doing by the way prince wills
and princess charles how they doing all those of them nasty rotten toothed brits
wqa m hello qa m hello hi Neil chuck think here man is it hot down here man bet say how did
George Carlisle by the way poor skipper chuck that he wouldn't have told the kids that there was no
god he might still be you know might still be around i think my bait he might still be sitting
in tropical acres with his teeth in a glass five six seven oh five sixty and pound five sixty and
at least one thing i haven't done any prominent spots yet i didn't do the i didn't do a couple
spots there for the golf club that you pee in now skipper chuck never got to do that no how much
he he i bet you able to wish that he could still be around to do live spots for the golf club
that you pee in that's right i got me one by the way you do yeah here it is
because the box says they won't let me mean you got you one i got me one here it is i'm holding it
right now the golf club saying what you doing we're going to give it to somebody who golfs
or you make me pee as soon be pee is also well not necessarily they're probably some guys who
too busy golfing all the time they don't have time to pee
well this pee is you're doing great man
now is that what the golfers mean when they say it's teatime it's got a great
respect p-tard
that would be a good pull question to take what what's more enjoyable on a golf course p-time or
t-time or t-room w-d-q-a-m hello q-a-m
hola
it was too long to
w-d-q-a-m hello
hello Mia
yes sir
so when used to be this does it end oh okay it's a beautiful it's a beautiful hotel but you
cannot win there i don't know one person that's won there and i've been there three times and i'll
never go back but listen to saptano if you go to woodbine just in style and pile up a
just in his uh he's he'll be okay he has his moments most of the time when any doesn't get that
many mounts can i say that many mounts yeah his clearance will probably take that some other way
he's got a couple of kids so i imagine he gets a few mounts every now and then but nevertheless
how the fizzaro is great in fact remember that one horse that i loved in the first race last time
you were golfing there was a talent fizzaro you want to roast remember that no
no
well why not i thought you're supposed to be learning about hoss's man you know i'm going to have
me another cup of tea because i think this did a little bit of good good now guess when these tea bags
expired ten thousand fruit never they don't it's dried leaves for christ sakes what it's got a
date on a box yeah yeah that's just a cover your acting and and the what you call it that i'm
using in my uh for the what's the sweet not sweet and low whatever that is spud no spunda it
expired that it says before jesus was a ball no but still pretty good it's helping a hell of a
lot i could just get one of them vacuum um cheer oh yeah and just shove it down there and suck
out about four hundred gallons of flim oh god life would be so sweet sweet four minutes still
on a q amp the where it be at twelve to one hour on wq a
f
uh look at who that is everybody look at who that is
no no no no look at who that is down the way that he wins
he's a racing wins rakes around in his car that is the race driver that never wins
down the way that he wins
oh now see here all you kids they call him mr. rakes oh my god you know when a race
in my rocket idiot oh well uh hey baby you showed up fine today oh
how mr. rakes he wins a race oh well i came in and loaded this place
well you're uh yourself we're gonna play well get that on him how's about a date
you're gonna take that chance not if you keep calling it last that why you don't go out with me
you ain't too slow you can't compete where'd i maybe slow on the street but i show be fast on my feet
yeah
they call him mr.
brie
oh right
come on to it q amp guess what i'm doing right now
bringing some more teeth right just to make another cup
good big cup big cup i got some bags over there
yeah stick stick a bag in some hot water
you're gonna be in hot water you keep saying ass i'll tell you that right now
see let's see if this is hot enough to scald you through
hmm man it is just five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty see how much better
I sound now after a little sip a little sip of do you man speaking of a little drip
there's that alley felching again on CNN at bolt headed human egg got to see an idiot
and then they go through these phases where they find somebody who's like um and they keep
parading them out like forever and then all of a sudden they disappear remember bill humper
yeah i think he's on fox now i'm not sure because i don't watch fox but i believe she's on i mean
it's on fox nobody can weigh him hello and that was the only call we had man i feel like mo you know
but don't don't remember that bit yep
the call he had from the behind the abandoned warehouse in pember park or wherever it was
five six seven oh five sixty oh well i'll tell you what it hasn't been as bad as you predicted
from yesterday though yeah yesterday was brutal must have been because Chris was gone oh yeah
they knew that there was nothing been between me and then
Chris is like a giant fat condom is that what he is yeah with the reservoir tip
not sure it's purpose i can tell what i thought i think i'm gonna be ill
wqym hello check him in
qym hello ribbed for her pleasure
uh hello there heo
oh the reverend's got a new voice now
that's what i meant i know none of them are new they're all old they're all sad they're all
pathetic just like him charlie barlie
but it is 12.04 i'd say to one thing we made it halfway i'm not really sure and the good part of it
is look look on the bright side for me Thursday the day before the 4th of july this Thursday
it'll be the last to show i'm doing for like a long time
till like let's see eight till like the 15th am i right about that yes yes for 12 days so that
you can be plenty of time to get my uh mong all cleared up you know get rid of all that um stuff
all the yeast all the flim
if there was a god would there be such a thing as flim
yeah of course no there would not oh well that i'm assuming that god automatically has to be good
you know which religious story about are you starting to talk about the evil god now what he
does wrath is always waxing hot yeah and inflates all these things like scare children with
and something stupid adults to
now let me see how to be but well i'm looking at this thing you might have to after this is
that by my mind which will bring the total uh okay thanks a lot bill my financial guy he said
you're gonna die he's a good guy actually has made me some money not exciting by the way 142.63
dollars a barrel that was what the um price was just before the show this morning should i
look at it right now get everybody depressed not on candidate day we don't want to get people
depressed they just did a big survey or 97.86 the loony that's not too bad the euro on the other
hands of buck 58 don't go to europe most you can't afford it oh i think the tea is bringing
some crap up to look at that chartreuse hmm can i in the right channel now to get the oil
out of the hole yeah i am i'm on bnl i'm on bnn the thousand other 87 point the left thing is
dropping and the s and p is down to neil the s and p guy oh 142.41 a hundred forty two thousand
forty two cents a barrel went up a penny as i was just in the middle of a sense thank you mr
present all your old peck buddies and all your Saudi friends for reaping the world
the way of the matrenis that a gratitude and when i get i still say when it gets up to seven
bucks a gallon two years if it really does you have any idea if you're tank hold 16 gallon is that
about average for like a medium sized card these days i don't know that seven bucks a gallon that
would be a hundred and twelve and if it holds sixty and if you got like a like my vet which you
have to have high test and that thing so it's like it's going to be probably like eight bucks
like i said for your big gas guzzling all it's going to be like i'll find it
like eight bucks was it worth it now w2 way m hello hello news on the w2 way m hello
hello is this neil yes sir this is your son
hello dad uh-huh i did it's been a long time huh uh-huh i miss you
i love you dad i love you dad
uncle George i have a good George
when you try to tell us i have no love oh well we know that five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty under Verizon singular wireless love when you thought they couldn't get any dummer
when you thought yeah i try not to think when i see you right here for four out which it
off and all those bedtime stories all the work that i used to put into that crap uh what's the point
now and i want i want you to stop and think about this and i've done that i thought about it
listen to the callers and then try to relate the stories that i've been sitting here reading for
the last year or two to these people yeah you follow what i'm saying uh-huh yeah
w-o-t waste of time w-o-a-m hello hi tomorrow m-o-m-o-m-o-m-o-m
uh-no god yes i wanted to recommend a great movie uh it was made in 2006 uh it's called
the Medidor with uh great premiere and tears brawman and i had a lot more respect for
pierce brawman as a actor after seeing this movie and uh it was filmed in Spain uh but it
definitely has a whole lot to do about bullfighting it's more like uh pierce brawman
pay the character who's addicted to uh assassinating people for the government i'm glad
this is a great movie it's called the Medidor okay pierce brawman is great here and uh thank you
i'll let me ask you a question a house pierce brawman uh-huh well you know he's a really a
fluffy type i mean he doesn't have any that's not warfare he's he feels like he's a really at the
um the mercy of the character he's playing i mean he he's uh he's he's he's a pay the satsam
for uh uh uh yeah he's a said that
woo have you seen that the Medidor yeah you have seen it and how was it no all right
it's no of my cement or shindler's music that uh oh shindler's list my ass okay but
i'm sure it's a wonderful movie all right i don't need to see uh uh i know that was a joke watch
of my cement why because it's very good it's a good movie about my saw watch willard it has no uh
it's not about my and michael's ax will be singing then i thought of you again
then because i like young men then they were under 10 what'd be my friend
he's your friend oh i'd love to feed him to rats oh yeah wouldn't that be great i want to see
the impact of the movie we're talking about jeepers creepers and he goes down that big um aluminum
tube in the ground remember that uh-huh and he falls down in there and all the rats are running up
and
oh no stop MJ again yes it is
they don't write enough songs for rats okay okay i stepped on it sorry
couldn't find it fast on him okay get rid of her okay get rid of it whatever it is
that's not a she it's not a he gets an it with the smoothie oh god wqa m hello
hello now what's this happened there that was like i don't know yeah it was magic qa m hello
wqa m hello qa m hello
oh yes i think you were just well or stay in the end jury
uh-huh wqa m hello
qa m hello
hey please go to chop back
cow
wqa m hello hey what is your question for you
uh-huh what do you got to get to the reverend man
uh what the hell are you talking about you want to be part of the clear out of the group too you
want to join the fraternity is at it no i just i just a question like i always hear you uh like
come off the line every time you hear it and you want to know why because he calls 7,000 times
today you think that might have something to do with it and never has anything to say other than
make stupid sounds well that's not true hey that's true it's true
oh this is good is it chui sounds chui no it's a new format needle needle pukes up flim
went up i didn't expect this this morning because i could actually speak today and like that
he didn't expect to rate that this morning i didn't expect to rate it at all and what do you
got against the reverend too by the strong get named the best talent
the difficulty is the headless short
i get 5.60 quam
the fort
the leader
oh god
well i know my sister all my life
that is why she's now my wife
and i think my son may know it's true he's my nephew too
well my daddy is my uncle joe my mother is my dear aunt flow it is very plain to see my first
cousin is me
and
pub 17 i don't think i ever left that last little twain go on go on
no my favorite twain of all entertaining yeah kind of picking and grinning there for all the
in great yahel you call which is uh you know the reverend and all his little boyfriends
5.6705.60 pound 5.60 under barrage and singular right on sign
searching for some new collars today not necessarily with anything important to say but just
you know like check it in like Jerry which news to do before he checked out
hi Jerry it's shubby checking in it's shubby checking in i wish he's done
i'll back and you like that huh
this this is getting annoying now you know i mean yeah well about a paper towel stuff
wqym hello hello how are you okay
yeah i'm i talking to the station you're talking to me you're talking to the station yes
okay because my mom is from kebab my mom always visit the uh i'm listening to
the very very good show good talk show okay my brother is jimikic chokli
uh uh it's amazing uh uh and the polkawe he has
he he's always he always coming good with a good answer he's a very special man
yes and uh i would love to talk to my just say hi to my mom she's 72 years old
uh uh my mom's going no no no yeah
how are you you're talking to me or mom
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty end of a rising singular wireless line that
was pretty eliminating you know oh yeah i haven't got any idea what he says
something about mom and she's 73 and some talk show hosting Quebecer some some
frog or something like that I've got any idea what was that I don't know was
that there was that like a person or what I don't know but it was new they were
new and different I heard that one before yeah WQ a.m. hello I can laugh Q.a.m. hello
hey man was it your George that was talk about that movie with Josie's
underland must have been George because I have no idea who that is who that
is from some father just another great he's almost as good as the guy what's
the guy's name and the Rothman or David Sugarman right and then David
Sugarman and Steve Stone don't forget you fairy WQ a.m. hello I heard you were
gonna let the great one speak is that true Neil no you're gonna have his own segment
no he deserves it big the comedy to say what okay let's let's put the
panel of the metal let's hear it what do you got let's hear it let's hear it
I said where's our royalty checks problem material that we've given you over the
years in a mail through in a mail awesome thank you we have there in in your
ass come on George's gay you know it yeah sure see you have nothing new you have
nothing to say I've got everything I've got something let's start with something
that we haven't heard before anything they're coming out you know anything that
we haven't heard before I hear come on let's hear it hello yeah here I said I
have three CDs on the way I've been in for that yeah that's something we don't
care we don't care about your CDs we want you to say we want you to say something
because I know that you can't do it what do you want to talk about you no you
follow me I didn't call you that's not how it works you called me I got I'll talk
about anything any kind of car and events Obama whatever you got you called me
let's hear what you got got nothing I got some great movies that I want to
recommend yeah okay I got you got you got squat that's what you got you're
trying to convince yourself and the world that you have something to say you
have nothing to say to me or anybody else you're pathetic you're a loser loser
almost then doing a work-ranting instructive calls this show eight thousand
times day after day after day for years now and this song and a dance about
what you're gonna let me speak yeah okay give you a show I give you a chance there
was your chance you had nothing to say and then you want me to tell you what to
talk about couldn't fill ten seconds no
Georgia's gay everybody knows that Georgia's and you know what what if he was
which he's not but what if he was what about it I mean is that is that a statement
is that something interesting is that the commentary who cares my wife and
children are gonna be crushed will they find out yeah that's a medley of his
material is it is if somebody is wounded by that or offended by that who cares what
you have to say and the answer is nobody WQ a.m. hello no Q.A.M. hello hello
hello what is it there I've ever seen the movie called the Fony voice again
it's the boyfriend oh they're passionate back and forth and the phone to pass
each other back and forth and that's what I'm talking about they're passing the
instrument back and forth five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
anniversary singular wireless line WQ a.m. hello
yeah yeah I had a question I'm myself I'm trying to get also as far away as
possible from South Florida is there why why did you pick Toronto or did you have
anything I know you were living in Amsterdam for a while did you have any
other cities that you'd uh did you had a look after also or maybe kind of
uh relocating over there or did Toronto just a place it's the place really and
how is the economic so there do they I mean is it affordable for now no more
expensive now really I know Hawaii I mean that compare Hawaii to Toronto but at
one point I think I heard Hawaii's gas is like eight dollars a gallon yeah and
gallon of milk was like six fifty a gallon that was great you can't afford to live
here either really trust me even with the turbine up man and all the pads off you
put it on right and you keep the roaches out well put it on tight buddy I'll see
you on the border we're real tight mine all right buddy take it and grow the long
beard okay good luck yeah
monkey see monkey do you know oh Neil was in Toronto most of the time let's
move to Toronto how about Aishuwa would be good Aishu Ontario or maybe two-leg
Florida would not be too bad any place other than South Florida five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on a Verizon singular wireless line like you said
jolly jo loves the carers I never thought about that he loves it didn't put
that together what you never put that together I think he's one of the cranks
I believe that I think he's Reverend Jones would exploit the line what
exploit what else is he doing all day certainly nothing connected with radio
WDQ AM hello yes I'm fine bearers of the sport WDQ AM hello yeah
Mr. Roger yes sir yes you're in Toronto yeah I just moved up here and I need to
get fitted for a new yamma I was curious that's where I might get one
I believe that I think he's Reverend Jones yeah yeah
you know what what else is he doing all day
hello goodbye WDQ AM hello
WDQ AM hello
yes sir hello
he's being coached yeah put a sound with whoever is on the
table speech hello hello and that was one of the better ones too
what's the next time
you're 15 or more than 456 QAM the sports leader the wear of exploding balls
oh well as anybody heard a father murdered father
hers was burgling her the well a father murdered was burgling her the well
a father murdered was burgling her the father murdered I heard was burgling
her father murdered was burgling her father murdered I heard was burgling
her father murdered was burgling her father murdered was burgling
her father murdered was burgling her well don't you know my father
murdered well he was also a rainbow and burgling her the well a father murdered was burgling
her that's what I heard lift my dress for the Lord
oh
Dad
yay
murder murder, but he was all the ring boy, then burglary turns. Oh well a father
murdered, was burglary turns. Oh well a father murdered was burglary turns.
Buzumer, burglary turns. First, first, first, burglary turns.
First, first, first, burglary turns.
Buzumer, burglary.
Company 205, 60, WQM.
It's all Flim Tuesday, but then again every day, Lately is all Flim day.
Yeah. I didn't want to be left out.
It's a, and then what about Chris? You don't have no Flim?
Uh, no Flim right now, no. Well, I think you better watch it.
Okay. Wait until tomorrow morning, you'll be like that.
I got some extra, I'll give him. Do you?
Yeah, I'd like to share.
You're a long...
Tube!
567-0560, pound 560, and a variety of things in singular, wireless line.
WQM, hello.
That's it. That was our call.
And once that's 75 minutes of late-case is up,
then we'll be dangerous.
I have a feeling that the next hour and a half between now and two o'clock,
we have all new cars.
What? What do you like about it?
Funny man.
People would never call this show before.
Maybe people would never call this show before.
Articulate, thoughtful.
I mean, that's really something when you say to somebody, what do you got?
Oh, what do you want to talk about?
Well, what does that say?
I have no life.
Exactly.
281 on the pull, our goal is 300.
That would be QAM, hello.
Hey, Nea, how you doing?
Okay.
You were talking about time shares before.
I can't believe people actually buy those things brand new.
It's ridiculous.
I have a friend who sells them like, you know, the reshale.
People with dust, particularly rid of them.
I probably could have bought that one in Vegas for like five grand or something.
Sure.
People just desperate to get rid of those things.
And they're getting like 50 grand in New York for those things.
That's ridiculous.
But I don't know.
People do it.
Yeah. Well, a lot of some people out there, yeah.
I guess so.
A lot of global people waiting to be head.
All right. See ya.
Thanks.
See, there was a new guy.
You're right.
There was one.
There was one.
One in a row.
Are you doubting my ferocity?
Is that it?
I'm doubting your psychic abilities.
Really?
I'll show you a thing or two.
Ooh.
We're not.
Here's this guy that uses vegetable oil.
Oh, my son.
Four months.
He looks kind of like a vegetable.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah?
Yes, sir.
I've only called you once or twice before, but I'm still leaving on the open Tuesday.
No, yeah.
WQYM, hello.
Yeah, that one has talked up a little bit about fake cup.
You fake cup?
Yeah.
Let me ask you something.
You ever hear something called arsenic?
Hello?
arsenic.
Give it a try, mate.
It's perfect for you.
WQYM, hello.
I did it.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah, I'd like to talk to Neil, please.
Speaking, please.
Oh, hey, Neil.
This is Tom from Jacksonville, Big Fam.
I'd like to cut to the chase and talk about something important.
My cousin, Larry, used to play defense for the Leafs, Larry Murphy.
You remember Larry?
Yeah, he sucked with the Leafs, yes.
Yeah, he did.
Was he the worst leaf defenseman ever in your opinion?
No.
Dave Burrows?
No, Corey Cross.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, what about Tim Horton in his short time with the Leafs?
What about him?
He's a hollow flamer.
What are you talking about?
Bobby Bond.
No, I don't care.
Well, listen, go talk to him hockey with somebody who wants to talk about it.
Okay, Dave?
You might have minds, we have D4.
Oh, well, any dracum in a gump orzly, and that's his hockey knowledge.
I thought so much of you here getting sucked out of the room here, my ears popped.
What do you mean by that?
It was like a vacuum.
It was like a cubic service when you're ears popped.
Wow, when you're all plugged up and like that.
The only thing better than that is when you're back home pops.
This is true.
And don't call me pops.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Poppy.
Neil, good afternoon.
How are you?
Okay.
Well, I got ripped into one of those time sharing deals as well.
But my wife and I went up and got up on my brothers and attorneys.
He got us out of it.
There's apparently a 10 day clause in there that she can back out of it with no penalties or anything.
Really?
Yes.
If your friend got ripped into one, have him get an attorney and get out of it.
Because we were looking at, ugh, this incredible mess we got ourselves into.
Thank goodness.
There was a way out.
Well, I'm glad for your advice because if he's smart, which I don't think he is, but if he's smart, he'll get out of it right now.
Get out of it because they do.
They do singer-pretty song and dance with a cute little dance while you're there.
And the place will look nice and you know, they try to convince you and then they do a good job out of it.
But um, get out of it.
Well, he's obviously got no sales resistance like a lot of people.
Exactly.
Well, I'm one.
Tell him to get out of it and have a great day, Neil.
Thanks, Pally.
See what I'm telling you, George.
What?
I'll never do it again.
Sorry.
Never do what?
By a time share.
Another one.
What are you talking about?
I'm kidding.
I'll never buy a time share.
I've never been that high.
WQA M. Hello.
Neil, you got it all wrong.
WQA M. Hello.
Hey, good afternoon.
Yes sir, good afternoon.
Good afternoon.
I'm a truck driver here in Hyolia.
I've been listening for a while.
I've been listening for 20 years.
Well, first time caller.
Just like to say, I love your show.
I love George.
And I've been to Hyolia.
I've got to say, I have a good day.
Okay, thanks, Pally.
All right, bye.
See, there you go.
There's another one.
And you're giving me crap.
No, it's not going to happen.
I mean, obviously the others are still going to be there, you know?
Because this is their life.
I have no life.
No, this is a delightful.
I wouldn't get too carried away.
So first of you, life, for Kranala, what do you want?
You want to be here?
I want to be here.
Two ADA in a pool.
And I don't want it as a second place.
I don't want to might win.
What's the reason you don't call the show?
I don't want it as a second place.
It was late edition, too.
But I think a very good one.
Can't be bothered.
WDQA M, hello.
I can't get a while.
I've been to what he used to.
I've never had him high.
WDQA M, hello.
Mendley M.
QA M, hello.
Hey, did you know George had surgery?
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Yeah.
Shit of a second, mate.
WDQA M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, how are you?
My name is Mike.
I'm also in Toronto, I'm a big fan.
I'll call right through the chase.
My cousin used to ride the Zamboni for the main beliefs.
Who do you think was the best Zamboni driver they had?
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul Morris.
Paul works in the steering wheel.
That's what Clarice wants, I'm sure.
Hockey and horse racing with George.
Is that going to put us over the top?
I don't know if he likes those two things.
I know what he doesn't like.
Rack them.
No, I heard.
And what's this track?
Delaware Park.
Eight minutes till the first race of Delaware Park.
Here's the post book.
The 9-least card.
And we've got a fast track and a firm turf for that card.
And the horses for the first race are here in the paddock.
I'm pulling for the four horse.
Joe Rocco is the jocky.
He looks pretty good to me.
Isn't that the way to what bed on the race?
Sure.
And if there's a female jocky in there, like Chantelle Sutherland,
then George has got a shot or image in Russian.
All of a sudden, I look all like good.
She's a good rider, but she's not that pretty, you know what I mean?
Yeah, I know what that means.
I don't want to be like, cost the crusade.
She's all right.
She's a nice lady.
I'm sure.
290 on a pull by the way, Chris.
Very out of the picket named.
The best out.
He don't need a rod next to 4.
He's a 5.60 QAM.
And the fourth leader.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
Right now, look how close under the existing rules,
look how close Barack Obama is to the finish line.
So we're putting it right back here.
Barack Obama is now needs fewer than 100 delegates
to get to the finish line.
He needs the best candidate.
He's gonna fix the health care before it's too late.
Barack, you're damn right.
He needs the man who changed the economy
for the working man.
Barack, take it back.
He's the cat that I've got.
She's got the news when I rack his all about.
Barack, you're right on.
Song of save Barack is a young mother.
I'm just talking about Barack.
He's an educated man.
Who wants to be your president man?
You got a vote for this man.
Bloodstates, nobody thought of 46-year-old black
and he Margot Pommel was going to be the Democratic nominee.
I'm going to be very, very...
Look how close Barack Obama is to the finish line.
He doesn't need much, and he's the Democratic president.
You know, push, maybe 12.45 at 5.60 WDQM.
And guess what country is home to the world's top drug users?
America, United States?
Correct.
All right.
If we're number one, wait, let's play it.
I can't find it.
Americans, other world's top consumers of cannabis and cocaine,
this by punitive US drug laws, according to an international study,
published in the online scientific magazine, PLOS Medicine, whatever that is,
plots.
The study released yesterday revealed that 16.2% of Americans
had tried cocaine to least once and 42.4% used meridjuene.
In second place, New Zealand, just 4.3% of study participants
had used cocaine and 41.9% meridjuene.
Oh, yeah!
Research was conducted at the University of New South Wales in Sydney
based on WHO data from 54,000 plus people in 17 countries.
Reads of participation different from country to country,
and researchers noted uncertainty over how honestly people report their own drug use.
Nevertheless, the findings present comprehensive data
on the patterns of drug use from national samples representing all regions of the world.
A vast majority of survey participants from the US, Europe, Japan, and New Zealand
had consumed brews compared to smaller percentages from the Middle East, Africa, and China.
The data also revealed socioeconomic patterns in drug use,
single-young adult men with high income had the greatest tendency to regularly use drugs.
Drug use does not appear to be simply related drug policy to researchers' road
since countries with more stringent policies toward illegal drug use
did not have lower levels of such drug use than countries with more liable policies.
In the Netherlands, where drug policies more liberal in the US,
1.9% of survey participants had used cocaine and only 19.8% marijuana.
How do you like that?
Okay.
12 US states, including California,
prevent medical use of marijuana,
but possession of use remains prohibited under federal law.
And despite the US government's massive anti-drug efforts,
the US remains the world's top drug market,
one amplified by South American cartels.
The US Drug Enforcement Agency of Syria has observed
ever larger quantities of illegal drugs per year in the country
where seizing greater quantities of illegal drugs here than ever before set a DEA statement last week.
In 2007, agencies 41 metric tons of cocaine and just two raids
and denied drug traffickers record-breaking revenue with $3.5 billion per year.
So those laws are obviously very effective, huh?
Oh, yeah.
And conversely in Netherlands, where it's not illegal,
it's, yeah, no big deal.
But nevertheless, here's the poor result.
What's the reason you don't call the show?
Uh, 301 votes, because Neil scratchy voice.
Too much flim. Maybe they don't want their flim to come to the phone.
You think that could be a good date?
I'd rather listen to the chronics and crazies who do call 57.
I don't want a 43.
It'll be number one. You'll see.
I don't want to.
Have I got anything to say 35?
Uh, I'm not that stupid 29.
Too busy 28.
I probably get all tongue tied wet.
My pants 26.
Two shy 22.
But I do call 19.
Well, I didn't add about 15 too many.
Yeah.
About 14, 14, 15 more than the actual number who do call 600 times a day.
I fear Neil's reaction 15 can't get through 14.
My boss would get pissed off 7.
I can never remember the number 4.
Neil ordered me not to call anymore 3.
I take myself way too seriously 1 and no available phone.
Solemn and Tae Una, about a 300 and?
5.
Got a few calls on here right now, but you're going to be stellar.
You'll see.
WDQA M. Hello.
I need men.
Yeah, you sure do QA M. Hello.
Please tell me how you're doing.
QA M.
I'm a new boy.
Yes.
WDQA M. Hello.
I'm a first time caller.
Oh, yeah.
Absolutely, man.
He's the first time caller.
We believe in no way.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
This is for those who forget the numbers.
Can't remember them.
Write them on your wrist.
Write them on your sleeve.
Write them on your.
WDQA M.
Write them on Clarice's ass.
So in other words, it was actually a meeting about that comedy bit.
I'm on there.
There was a meeting.
I don't know how long it went.
I don't know who was involved, but you know.
You know how this place is.
Yeah.
Sick.
Sick.
F'd up.
And the powers that be decided that ash in that context can't be played on there.
We have to put a bleep on it.
On the ****.
Yeah.
To make sure that's not funny.
WDQA M. Hello.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
So what's going on?
How's everything?
What do you got, sir?
Nothing.
It's raining.
I don't know what else to say.
I'm calling.
I just don't know.
You calling to tell me it's raining?
It's raining like hell.
But you're okay.
Well, thanks for the good news.
Thank you so much.
God have got to move up and out down.
That's what they want to hear.
They don't want to hear the funny comedy.
Let's give them what they want.
God have got to move up and out down.
God have moved out and move up and out down.
The day that I heard that, I think that was the end.
The end of the world as I used to know it.
It put me over the edge.
It's an almost roller-giss devotion to get on there.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh.
I thought that was German.
No, he doesn't want to hear the people who get on their boat.
I don't know why he doesn't want to hear this at all.
You don't like the word you can hear?
It's not histories songs like and I do all this with all that we love.
I can't resist.
I always sad and  .
Well, we just learned something that Jerks is terrible. That's what the guy said.
Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, I think I'm making a comeback after that T. Thank you so much.
I do a lot better if I can go get some cough drops.
Go ahead, die. No, yeah, I can't. Let me see what we got in the last hour.
Well, we got no live spots, of course. That goes without saying.
Got to, got to move up and out. Down.
See, it's not the actual song that he's just played. That's not what sends me.
No, no, no. No, no.
And we just show.
Are you shocked?
This one's out of my hand.
Shout out to the Reverend Athletic.
I was told from other boo.
Now we can just promote this.
1, 2, 3, 4, get the heat. Be zero roast.
Got to, got to go up and out. Down.
Got to, got to go up and out. Down.
1, 2, 3, 4, get the heat. Be zero roast.
Got to, got to get up and out. Down.
Got to, got to go up and out. Down.
What up everybody? We got the heat. 15, it's seven more feet.
Please, please. Stop. No more.
I'm going to go out the door for other cough drops and just not come back.
W2A M, hello.
QA M.
Hey, how you doing?
This is Kevin from Toronto.
Yeah.
I'm here, you're a real big player in the community.
Is that you? Yeah. No.
Oh, that's cool. Is it true that your flatulence don't make noise anymore?
No, we can't do it.
Boo. Yeah.
Everybody's from Toronto now. You know this alleged?
56670560.560 on the Verizon and Singular wireless line.
He hears through the road fine. W2A M, hello.
Yeah, I want to call the erudges.
Speaking. Hello?
Yes. They are high, too.
Okay.
Before I discuss a couple of things like, you guys know about the state
was going to buy land, the Everglades or whatever happened about that.
No. No. No.
And for the, well, they've opposed the buying and third acreage
from the biggest, you know,
sure companies in the world.
And I'm sure they've got buying it at some inflated price.
And also like, you know,
I love to discuss the waste of time that the other war drug is.
That's a fact. It's a promise to a couple of companies.
When they were let that stop, it's the high profit from it.
There's another thing.
And this is, uh,
but the thing about the Everglades, I'm just kind of like a sort of semi-embarra mail
that they've just not really given up much press here.
I mean, it's for the last week, somewhere on CNN and it lasted for like 10 seconds or so.
Like, let's see what nobody cares about.
It's like the Marlins. Nobody cares about the Everglades.
They like the Marlins.
And by the way, I missed the five sounds.
What's the deal on that one?
Is this an FCC rule?
No, it's got nothing to do with the FCC.
It's got to do with Joyce and Joe Bell and Clarence.
It's got to do with a bunch of overgrown children who want to do everything they can to put a damper on this radio station.
That's what it has to do with.
That was the first thing somebody told me.
You got to get on the top party,
listen to this guy, this crazy show.
Yeah, he used to be crazy and funny, man. He used to be, yeah.
I know, I guess.
Not normal. Well, good luck here, sir.
I'll say the Everglades.
I'll see you in a mock alone.
And people can't even believe that.
You know, you say how they ask you different questions about it.
And just like that, it's just like that call.
They say, oh, they what is the FCC?
They don't understand. You have to keep explaining that it has a physical or it sounds.
Anything that's got the FCC to make her more or less.
The FCC doesn't care about about a half a dozen words that are on that list.
Well, you know what?
Got to go to move up and out.
And down.
The biggest name.
The best town ever.
The biggest budget for the 5.50 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Hello, this is And.
This is not a tumor. It's the one for two hours.
Well, take the train.
You won't carpool.
You see a Hummer.
You start to drool.
You won't walk.
For 20 feet.
You'd rather take your SUV.
You can't drive.
You can't hate.
Without crew.
You're in deep.
You need it for your plastics.
With draw symptoms.
Make you sick.
Whoa, you like to think there's lots more under the saw.
Oh, yeah.
I know.
That's what you think.
I think the truth though.
Close your teeth and chew to save your total spoil.
You know, you're gonna have to face it.
You're addicted to oil.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to oil.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to oil.
Come on, Laura.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to oil.
Might as well face it.
You're addicted to oil.
Might as well face it.
Okay, it's 102-560-WNQ.
We got an hour to go.
I think we can make it.
What do you think?
Make what?
Hey, while the sun shines.
Hey, hey.
567.
Let's get a zillion great calls here today.
I've said off for the 4th of July.
What do you say?
I haven't heard anybody call and say good luck with the numbers tomorrow morning guys.
You hear anybody say that?
Nope.
Do you want to know why?
They don't care.
They don't give a crap.
What's the part of time, man?
Back in the day, the whole different altitude.
But now they just, ah, we could care, but we don't want it.
If I look how that's moving up, it's a strong second on the pole.
Why they don't call?
They don't want it.
Uh-huh.
And like I've said before, a million times.
Like you're a good friend there, Reverend Psycho.
Yeah, Reverend Stalker.
I actually, he was shocked because he wasn't expecting that.
No, I know.
I actually sat back and said, okay, go ahead and say something.
Well, you knew that was going to happen. That's why you did it.
Of course.
Well, what do you want to talk about?
What do you?
Just like all the others.
Right.
What do you got?
I got plenty.
I said here four hours a day, man.
Day after day after day, 32 and a half years.
And once upon a time they had something.
But not normal.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I like calling.
Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, funny boys. Yes.
Hey, this isn't funny boys.
How you doing today?
Okay.
This is Bruce and Twilight of El.
You sound good, right here.
What is it?
Bruce and Twilight, aren't you down here and Florida at one time?
What do you mean by that?
I thought you used to live down here in the series.
I still do.
Oh, I thought you lived up North and Toronto.
I'm sorry.
Both.
Why anyway, there's this guy with just one idea of a shot out to?
Uh-huh, good.
I wonder if he knows Andy Rothman or David Triggerman.
Right.
Or Yoh.
567 of this guy want to give a shot out to.
See, that also is not a phone call.
We'll talk show.
I want to give a shot out.
I want to talk to my, say hi to my mom.
I want to say hi to my boyfriend.
You know, I forget it.
Call it off and give him a shout.
The audience don't care.
And I don't.
And George don't.
And Chris, sure it's all done.
No care, Chris.
No, I don't.
Oh.
Oh, why not?
Well, you know, tell me to Q-A-M, hello.
Yeah, hey, Neil.
I just want to wish George could look with his summer number.
Not here.
Thanks.
Oh, okay.
I wasn't ready for that.
There he is.
He's made those blow over here.
What are your people?
Sure.
He loves you, man.
He loves you.
He wants to make a kuchi-kuchi with you.
Uh-huh.
There's a one way.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do they have seven or elevens up there in Toronto?
No.
I wanted a Boston cream donut.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I want to Boston.
Deputy Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'm Kanagah.
Hello.
Deputy Q-A-M, hello.
I just wanted you to be shot out to Neil.
Yeah.
Deputy Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, I'm talking to you.
Speaking.
Yeah, um, let's see.
Are you going away?
Have you figured out where you're going?
I'm not going anywhere.
Well, um, I spend five months every year in Halifax, Nova's commercial.
Mm-hmm.
I'm sure it's how I wouldn't go there.
Why not, man?
It's a great city, young people, Asians, town, university.
Good.
Enjoy it.
A couple of weeks ago, when George was on vacation, I think he was gone for a week.
The last couple of days of that, um, of your week, man, you sounded so distressed.
It was like, you were saying it's about what?
No, you just sounded like you were foolish.
It was the last couple of days when George was on vacation for a week.
You just sounded terrible.
Well, or nothing, I thought you'd be coming down here to Miami to visit because of the
great musical that's in town.
No.
No, silly cruise.
There's a great musical.
Well, I'm going to ask you this.
No, I think you'd like to hear this.
Let me ask you this.
How long has silly cruise been dead?
Yeah, actually, it's been dead a long time.
But there's a musical about her life.
I don't know why I care about that.
No, I think you were thinking silly cruise.
Yeah, oh yeah.
Okay, let's go.
Why wouldn't you go to Halifax?
Why would I go there?
Well, let me ask you this.
Why should I go there?
Because you say so?
Oh, no.
You're the same guy that tells me all about Miami.
Well, wait a minute.
You're the same idiot that tells me I should come to Miami to see a city of cruise musical.
And you want me to go to Halifax?
You go there.
No, no, but you look kind of, and it's just another great city.
Well, what do you mean I love Canada?
How do you know what I love?
Because you talk about Canada.
You talk about Toronto when a great city is...
That is because I'm sitting here.
I'm sitting here looking out the window.
I live here part of the year.
I'm a good part of the year.
Most of it.
Yeah, and that's why you're there because you like it.
That's right, and that's why I'm not going to Halifax.
Because I don't like it.
Okay?
Halifax Nova Scotia.
Do you like it?
No.
I don't want it.
How do you like that?
Yep.
He likes it.
And therefore, in fact, he spends, but he's been,
let me say five months a year, or five weeks, whatever it is.
You better.
You better like it.
That's right.
WDQA-M, hello.
How does your good male tax melt now?
QA-M, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
How's it going?
Okay.
One word of these colors to be.
Oh, I'm including yours.
I'm including yours.
Oh, that's one of my favorites.
There's people that call and make comments about these idiots.
And then they themselves, you know, turn out to be.
Yeah.
You're on the same.
Oh, yeah.
They themselves.
So did that guy get to front across at the last two days of the one
you were on vacation for a whole week?
What?
That I sounded so distressed.
He only said it about 75% up until you were going to agree with him.
WDQA-M, hello.
Hello, dad.
QA-M, hello.
Hey, buddy.
Yep.
I wanted to give you a heads up here on those teas you guys are talking about.
Ginger.
Boy, some ginger up.
Yeah.
That stuff will burn your back of your throat.
And it'll start curing instantly.
Let it get to the bone.
Let the dust and get to the bone.
All right, buddy.
Hey, have a good one, man.
Hey, Joe.
Oh, sorry.
I had it.
It just has a call tomorrow.
Damn it.
Hey, you can call George Samar.
He'll have a lot of open lines.
333 votes for our goal is 350.
Now, what do we have on the first one?
2-something?
I will look real quick.
Before I schmit candid.
416.
1-416.
On that horse ball, Polby had 416 votes.
Correct.
That's quite an accomplishment.
What a caffeine-free die Pepsi.
That's what does it?
Forget about that damn tea.
What was he saying about ginger?
Be safe in Toronto?
That's right.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hi, drums.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Me?
Yes.
Just not to keep you to one.
You ever put lights on the fourth skin after you have sex?
Oh, yeah, sure.
W-Q-A-M. Hello.
You know VIX paper rub.
VIX paper rub.
Keep saying it.
Put some of that on a spoon and just stick it down.
Keep saying it.
Stick it in your mouth.
And see if it is like fire.
B-A-M-N-N.
560-705-60.
When would you like to be a fly on a wall?
No.
No.
No.
No.
You would not.
You would not.
You would not.
No.
Fat disgusting old men with less than oil.
No.
Hello.
Hi, Jeff.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Neil, help out to your ratings draw during the summer because of George.
Because he saw it.
Send him to the podium.
Hi, Lotto.
Kevin, Q-A-M. Hello.
No.
No.
No.
Yeah.
You got a lot of weight.
Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
First of all, good luck on your rating.
Good luck on your rating.
Scott.
So come on, man.
Man, I hate it when you watch.
I did it.
Get up to the toe.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Like I was saying, good luck on your ratings, first of all.
And secondly, what about shamelessness earlier?
But I was going to ask you about another movie.
And see if you saw that one with these blazing shadows.
I know you did.
You had them.
How'd you like it?
Yeah, 100 years ago.
Yeah.
Yeah, of course.
The best comedy ever.
I think.
Yeah.
I think.
That's all I got.
This one to call you.
Take good luck on your ratings.
Yeah.
The best talent.
You don't get zero largest.
Sport rate of 560 QA.
And where are the white women at?
The worst leader.
Yeah.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
If the mad dog.
Can't manage.
The champion.
The most important talent.
Sport rate of 560 QA.
And the sports leader.
Who's going to get Ricky a blow?
STD Layton Strip Joyz.
Approved by Joyce.
Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online Gambley's Gams.
Approved by Joyce.
Words containing the word bag.
Rejected by Joyce.
Directile dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Tuba Sounds resembling Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Blatin's sports related baggery.
And Sports Show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Okay, 17 at QAM.
Now this story is historical.
It would be funny if we were so pathetic.
I like the colors, you know.
Yeah.
Is the American Family Association anti-gay with a small g.
And anti-gay with a capital g.
Question mark.
One news now.
The Christian News Service covertly owned by the AFA.
Received syndicated content from providers like the Associated Press.
And edits instances of the word gay to read homosexual.
All over the site is registered to the conservative anti-gay organization.
The fact isn't disclosed anywhere on the site.
An article posted Sunday night about an Olympic track and field star.
Tyson Gay was no exception.
The article read, Tyson homosexual easily won a semi-final for the hundred meters at the U.S. Olympic track and field trials.
And seemed to have something for the final later Sunday.
The headline read, homosexual eases into hundred final letter Olympic events.
On Saturday it went on, homosexual misjudged the finish and is opening a heat.
And had to scramble to finish fourth.
Then in a quarter final a couple hours later ran 9.77 to break the American record that it stood since 1999.
As to how he felt, homosexual said a little fatigued.
Homosexual by 10.06 a.m. Eastern time, the headline in the story text,
have been edited to reunite gay with his original name. His name is gay.
Are you following this?
Yeah.
AP spokesman Jack spoke that he couldn't comment without first viewing the information.
Cindy Roberts of the American Family Association said she would take a look at the news report.
A follow-up message he can comment on why the ownership of one news now is not disclosed on the site hasn't been returned.
Tyson homosexual.
And who's the defensive back for the Patriots? Randall gay, Randall homosexual? Chris?
I have not if he's homosexual but.
Did you understand the story?
Uh-huh.
Gay.
Then why did you come back with a ludicrous response?
When I just you being you or what?
Yes.
Oh.
Could have fooled me.
5, 6, 7, come on let's get these phone cranked up for these last 41 minutes man.
It's the first of Julio.
It's heavy duty crap.
How many people do you think are going to get their heads or heads or legs blown off in high-lia with a fireworks on Thursday?
But third man.
Huh? Think about it.
Couple.
No. Oh, I mean, Friday.
Excuse me.
So it's a public service on Friday. You should definitely go on here and remind everybody.
Make sure you get to blow off a lot of fireworks and blow off your body parts.
Okay.
And she raffled a guns too.
That was a good idea.
WDQA M. Hello.
Yeah, are you really?
WDQA M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
What's going on?
You're only taking calls because you want the readings to go up.
Yeah.
Yeah, these calls.
These calls definitely ought to do it. No question.
WDQA M. Hello.
Yeah, you coming back down to Miami?
No.
Okay. If you were, I'd be able to get a fireworks event on your channel.
I'll tell you what.
Because you got you.
By the way, what happened there at the, uh, when we went into the break?
We're all the white women.
What was that?
For me.
From Blazing Saddles.
Didn't he, uh, bring that up?
Then the black guy called, uh, mention Blazing Saddles or something.
Mm-hmm.
That's the only drop I have from that movie.
There's been a movie.
There's been a movie.
I see.
How many QAM? Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Can I get out of there?
Hello? Donnie? Donnie?
Try your mum being? Hello?
WDQA M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil. Two things.
Uh, the guy called earlier, you're talking about a honey, vertical,
or something like that, rather.
Oh, what you got to do is you choose to take like about two or three measures,
like a shot glass of lime, like you squeeze it yourself,
and then you mix like one third part with a honey.
And actually, you really work.
And obviously, of course, you know, you still use the various products and all that.
Mm-hmm.
I thought you put the lime in the coconut.
You know what I'm doing?
You know what I'm doing?
And you put the coconut in your actum.
Maybe my feet, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Another thing, George, just that was talking about the hopeless criticism.
You know, my wife was raised as a joe, was witness, so when I got home,
she was kind of telling me about that.
You know what? It's amazing.
Apparently, it's predicted the end of the arm, my head is going to go low,
like four or five times.
Yeah.
They keep getting it wrong.
It does never happen.
So apparently, it appears to be something that hopefully will help.
It definitely works kind of well.
Okay, get a phone.
Get one that works.
560-560-0.560, end of a residence thing, you don't wear the slime.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, good movie, good town recommendation.
Mm-hmm.
Charlie Bargit, good movie.
Mm-hmm.
Eugene Argonne, just got that.
Enjoy.
Okay.
Okay, after I go to Halifax, I'm going to head for Eugene Argonne.
You ever been there?
No.
Never been in the Great Northwest all the time.
Have you?
Yeah, all over the Northwest.
I just never made it to that part of Oregon.
Well, why not?
I think I went through Portland with you.
Anti-Semitic or something.
I got a wrong idea.
But the Seattle, Spokane, you know, haven't been anywhere.
I haven't been anywhere.
I haven't been to Vancouver though, it's great.
I love Vancouver.
Maybe I'll go there next week on vacation.
What's going on?
Instead of Nova Scotia?
Yeah, well, I don't know.
I'll think about that one.
WDQAM, hello?
Yeah, Neil, the first thing you got to do as far as your trokos is
tell Paco to get a checkup.
Yeah, okay.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Oh, what's high, is no.
You know, him, he is one of the worst.
He is nauseating.
Grotesque, revolting, idiotic, pathetic.
The singer, you know who he is?
Yeah.
Like, upper man or whatever that.
Well, whatever he thinks he is, yeah.
The singer.
Tragic.
Your existence on the planet of Fenn's all of us.
Any living creature is offended by your existence.
WDQAM, hello?
Hey, Neil, your man went expertise.
Where has been the best Chinese food in town?
Because I can't find him.
In what town?
In this town.
Forget where you live in South Florida.
Not where you're residing in Amsterdam.
How about that?
I don't live in Amsterdam.
Why, but you do it?
No, I don't.
To play with the little boys.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm waiting for, I'm waiting right now.
I'm stalking, stalking little boys.
Lurking.
Now, lurking and stalking.
56670560.560 in a Verizon singular wireless line.
Let me see QAM, hello?
Hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay.
So, at this point, it looks like Obama is going to be our president.
He looks like change is needed.
Do you think his wife is what it takes?
Scott's what it takes.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
What does his wife have to do with anything?
Well, isn't that an extension of him, sir?
No, no.
So, doesn't she go all over the country and pontificate and spread goodwill?
No.
How far does he look at his face?
No.
Let me ask you something.
How many people voted for Lady Bird Johnson or Pat Nixon or Rosalind Carter?
Well, you're right there, sir.
Yeah, she's right.
I'm okay.
And of conversation.
Does she have what it takes?
Give me a break.
So what?
The big, the cookie?
Who knows?
What about that phony blind, blind bimbo that McCain is married to?
Can she bake a parry chai?
A parry chai?
Cherry pie?
A parry chai?
Parry chai.
350 and a pull we did it.
Okay.
As I roll, I'll try to vote.
Does she have what it takes?
WQAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I wanted to talk to you.
A few years ago, I told about the average lady.
And it really got me going.
I'm a big conservationist with the average lady, but our governor is a moron.
Yeah, where do you know that?
Well, he basically spent $175 billion of furthest taxpayer money to get a hodgepodge quiltwork
of 300 acres scattered across the southern Lake Okeechobee.
He hopes to trade it all for a corridor to save the glades, but he's going to take out
a 30-year marriage that can cost upwards of $3 billion.
But we don't have enough money for our school teachers to serve as a home program.
It's going up and I'm trying to hire a governor is a moron.
Amen.
Thank you, sir.
Okay.
You're welcome, and also...
You're fairing.
And that too.
Nothing would be anything wrong if he weren't a closet case in Hibikrit and a phony with his beard and all that crap.
Oh, he's got a girlfriend now.
All of a sudden.
He just woke up one day and all of a sudden he had a girlfriend.
With a big, long, wily beard.
What the heck is named?
The best talent you ever did in the Rogers.
4.509.
6.9.
And the sports leader.
Hey, this is Joe Rose.
The summer's almost here.
So now's the time to call my friends, Lenny, Mike, Scott, Eric, and Chippy at Air Around the Clock
to get your AC checked out or replaced before the weather gets too hot and you're stuck in that hot house again.
Hey, Air Around the Clock has their famous $19.95 in air conditioning checkup program.
Special for you to take advantage of.
Air Around the Clock is the best in the business.
32 years of providing top-notch service with over 85 radio dispatched vehicles on the road daily to serve you.
Air Around the Clock uses quality brands and their technicians are trained and certified on every type of repair and AC unit made today.
Air Around the Clock does residential and commercial work all over South Florida so remember the name.
Air Around the Clock in Broward 9547-425544 or in South Palm Beach 561-395-7799.
They're open 24 hours a day, seven days a week, and 365 days a year.
Call Air Around the Clock today and tell them that I sent you, I wouldn't use anyone else.
A demonstration.
What your home is like before combat road streets.
And now what your home will be like after combat.
Nothing gets rid of cockroaches better than combat road streets and gels because only combat uses stiffer nails.
The fastest and most effective road killing ingredients.
All it takes is for one cockroach to eat the combat baits.
It goes back to the nest, dies, and is eaten.
And in turn those cockroaches die and are eaten until all are dead.
Usually in as little as five days, leaving your home road free and cleaner for the entire family.
Combat America's number one selling road streets and gels.
Kill one, destroy them all.
Heat fans, Jason Jackson here.
Now that your Miami Heat has added Michael Beasley alongside Dwayne Wade and Sean Marion, tickets are going fast.
Don't be left out.
Get your season tickets right now and secure your seat location for next season.
We have great lower bowl seating available for the first time in years.
Or you can become a heat season ticket holder for just ten bucks a day.
Buy online now at heat.com or call 786-777-7-Oop.
Sales reps are standing by, so call now.
How much are you spending to find the sales leads you need?
I was spending thousands of dollars a month advertising my business.
And I didn't have much to show for it.
That all changed when I called Sales Genie.
We spent big bucks for an ad in the phone book, but the phone didn't ring until I picked it up and called Sales Genie.
Sales Genie is the largest provider of sales leads and business prospects, giving you instant access to the sales leads you need,
anytime from anywhere for just a few bucks a day.
And now they'll give you 100 sales leads free.
Call now, 1-800-600-6248.
Now with Sales Genie, I'm getting all the sales leads I can handle every day for less than I pay for lunch.
I'm saving thousands of dollars a month and I've got more sales leads than ever. Thanks to Sales Genie.
Call Sales Genie now and get 100 sales leads absolutely free.
1-800-600-6248.
That's 1-800-600-6248.
1-800-600-6248.
I think it's made.
It's a big L. More land-to-wells are Gary.
Mornings 5-7.
Force 3-5-6-7.
You AM the sports leader.
You'll got out WQL.
Where the packet is.
Randall Simmons is a real Geico customer, not a paid celebrity.
So to help us tell his story, we hired an actual celebrity.
Barack Obama's pastor, Jeremiah Wright.
I was in my car headed out on a date when I had my accident.
Accident! It was no accident!
Not a thorough black man in this contract!
I called Geico and right from the start I couldn't believe how helpful they were.
Oh yes sir! They want you to believe!
But I never believed the white man or no!
Geico got me a loader car and actually called ahead to the restaurant and explained why I was late.
I'm still waiting on an explanation!
An explanation of how color racism in this country is still exist!
An explanation of how a black man has never been president!
Can I get an event?
Geico, real service, real savings, real insane celebrities.
131-QA. I think for the most part I got a lot of that flim out.
I think the T did it?
A rad. A rad!
I think I talked my way through it.
You know what I mean by that?
Hot stuff helps.
Really?
Yeah.
But if you haven't found me some hot stuff, I'll go do some stalking.
Or maybe I'll just put on a pair of silk stockings.
Remember that show? Well he was your hot.
Never watched it.
You never watched silk stockings?
No.
Detective show?
Yeah, kind of like you.
Well then.
WDQA M. Hello.
It's my money and I need it now!
We have any idea what that was?
No, besides an A-hole.
560-050560.
Pound 560 on the Verizon Singular WIthalsome.
We only got 20 M.A. minutes to go.
So you know, like grab it while you can.
WDQA M. Hello.
No changes in O.A.
WDQA M. Hello.
You can click on JINGOS and Air checks.
Thanks.
No.
No JINGOS or Air checks.
Thanks.
I don't want to move in towards the top on our pool.
But why people don't call the show?
They don't want to.
What do you think of that?
What do you think of that, Chris?
Maybe they don't want to be screened by Chris.
Maybe that's what it is?
Maybe this whole screening process that you do when you're on.
Maybe that's kind of discouraging calls.
Sure.
Yeah.
I'm just all broken up about that.
Yeah, me too.
WDQA M. Hello.
It's raining on the boat.
OK, guys.
Go out and open up your mouth.
OK, like a sparrow.
WDQA M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
What's going on, man?
Yes, sir.
A bad guy that yelled out.
It's my money and I need it.
Now there's some law firm, JG Wentworth.
And that's the commercial that they play on TV.
Is everybody yelling that out the window?
If you got a settlement, they'll pay you off.
So they'll take your settlement.
Well, I rather yell something else out the window.
I'm a man of hell.
I'm a man of hell.
Exactly.
That's it.
OK, thanks.
See you.
Thanks.
See, there you go.
We had been wondering all day long.
What was that guy talking about?
When you've been wondering all day?
Oh, it's late.
And all day.
Yeah.
All day.
Yeah.
But this guy has, you know, he clut us in.
Thank you so much.
56070560.
No more sugar and no more caffeine.
Got those two things?
Yep.
Write them down.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Just nail address?
Yes, man.
I'd like to know if anybody saw the movie, there will be blood.
No.
No.
No.
OK.
Should we see it?
Oh.
Another great conversation list.
She wants to know if anybody saw it.
Well, I'm sure if there is such a movie, somebody saw it.
You ever hear of it?
No.
Doesn't Daniel Day Lewis want to?
Oh, I wouldn't see that.
It's supposed to be a really good movie.
I just never saw it.
Well, I was going to ask her if it was something we ought to see.
And if it was great in the Audi Audi, but she didn't want to have a conversation.
She's another great conversation list.
OK, bye.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Hey, when I'm out in public, I'd listen for that voice.
And if I ever see it, I'm going to kill it.
Which one is that?
Use your body for that run.
Oh, yeah.
She sees some help and you need a smoothie.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and p- so you started that crap.
Excuse me?
You ever when I started that smoothie crap?
That was broken, Brian.
Thank you very much.
What was what?
With the smooth boys.
What are you talking about?
Bit after bit.
Smoothie didn't come for me, buddy.
Chris, do you understand what he's talking about?
He's saying it's not his fault.
Well, isn't there any way to say that?
No.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
QAM, hello.
Oh, about that movie.
That's really good.
That movie come.
I wonder what he said.
I dubbed it.
Oh, that's what he said.
Oh, see you next time.
Something with him.
Mm-hmm.
That good, huh?
No, it wasn't.
5, 6, 7, 0, come on.
We got 24 minutes to go.
Boy, the first of July, what's going to happen to rest
in the summer, George?
I'm not worried about it.
You're not?
Nope.
Why not?
Because, because what, we discussed before the show.
Oh.
That's right.
We're here to get a paycheck, man.
That's right.
We're going to do my work, have my fun, get out of my way.
That is correct.
Amen.
Amen to that.
WDQAM, hello.
Now.
Yeah.
There will be blood.
It's a great movie.
Yeah.
Done by the same guy that did Magnolia.
Really?
Yeah.
It's long, but it's, it's, it's worked, uh, the time.
We put in it, it's a great movie.
Okay, I'm going to go buy it.
Good idea.
Thanks.
All right.
See, there you go.
And you're right, right away you're starting out.
No, no, no.
It's under like him, though.
It sounded like him just like I thought the other guy was, uh, whoever I thought.
Woody.
Yes, he was.
After a while they all sound the same, you know what I mean?
They all sound like, uh, one of the five or six varieties.
Blood.
That's correct.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I accidentally cut my forest again.
It's bleeding.
Good.
Keep it up, man.
Just keep chopping.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
But not the beneath, the, the.
We were the funny boys like that?
No chance.
In your pants.
WDQAM, hello.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM.
Going once.
Can't do it.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Hi.
Hi.
Anybody talk about George Collins?
He's still dead.
I mean, he's a great comedian.
He was the first one to talk about religion.
And he pissed a lot of people off, huh?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, now he's dead.
And, um, I love him.
I think he was, uh, a pioneer.
Uh-huh.
And, um, great, George.
Thank you.
Okay.
Great, George.
Yeah, yeah.
Uh, 381.
We actually got a shot of 400 votes.
I didn't want to set our sights too high here today on the first, first of a Julio.
Only need .80 per minute.
Mm-hmm.
We can do it.
We got 22 minutes for 19 votes.
Now, ordinarily, unlike a regular day at a regular time of the year, peace of cake.
Seven even with our, even with our dramatically reduced audience.
We'll do it.
For which we thank Jolly Jo Bells profusely, by the way, heck of a job, Jolly Jo.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The new Rogers.
The sportly-girl 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Bill Rogers.
God.
There is all around me.
Everybody is broke.
The economy is drowning.
They got us by the throne.
I'd like to do some driving, but can't afford to go.
For the world's richest country, is the pressure blows.
After final effort, the stage was set.
For the E.O. comes to grab all they could get.
They trickled it up to the 1%.
It made us fall and left us for dead.
Could this be a recession?
The pet lines were oily and used.
There's people going concrete.
You won't see that on the news.
It's like the 1930s.
Another great sub-grad.
We're just the rich in dirty.
Can't afford to buy gas.
The corporate newspapers take it with them.
The ones that I use for the sheets on my bed.
You hate green dot.
We can't be that feminine control.
They rocked us blind.
Now we got it just for you.
We really need depression.
But they don't want you to know.
For the world's richest country, is the pressure blows.
The pressure blows.
The pressure blows.
Yeah, sure does.
You there?
Are you ready?
Oh, okay.
Well, I just was busy sending a message.
Be too hot to garceo.
145 EQM.
I think we only got like, I don't know, 14 minutes to go.
8 minutes to go.
I think we'll make it.
You think we're going to make it?
Well, good.
We'll make something.
And I didn't even get up and walk out of here and go get those damn halls mental lipids.
What a trooper.
That would have done such wonders for me.
What a pooper scooper.
Well, because you're a high-ass man.
And if I were to got up and walked out, you'd probably spun some wax or some crap.
I'd hold you a sliper at the very least.
Bastard.
QAM, hello.
George, those are fabulous.
Okay, great.
Yeah.
I have never.
I have never what?
How'd anyone be so obsessed with me in my life?
WQAM, George Line, hello.
Neo, what's up, man?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, they will be blooded off them.
I'd definitely go see it.
What does it mean?
Is it new?
What was it out?
No, I mean, it's what the year's old, I think.
But how come nobody ever talked about it?
Nobody ever said a word to me about it?
Yeah.
No, it's really good.
And if I go gay on you a second, I love Juno, too.
So get that as well.
Okay.
Bye.
Juno was weak.
Uh-oh.
What'd you know about that?
Well, I saw it.
Much of it about nothing.
I already raved about it.
It was only medium-cute.
Tried way too hard.
Nobody QAM, hello.
I like a talker, George, please.
No, we all know.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, for sure, wants to do more than just talk.
Hello.
There's no question.
Q-A-M.
Yes.
You being in the business.
You were being in the business with all these bony voices,
with Reverend Jones and his boyfriend,
who called 48,000 times a day.
Because this is Joe Bell's idea of a talk show of radio.
This is Joe Bell's idea of how it works.
And you know what?
What?
Who cares?
Obviously, they don't.
When those numbers come out tomorrow.
Yeah.
Do you think he's going to care?
No.
Well, that's a good thing, because there aren't going to be any.
See, it's one thing that you don't have any numbers,
and you don't care.
If you do care, and you don't have any,
they don't care.
If they care, they do the opposite of everything they're doing.
Right.
W.A.D. Q-A-M.
Hello.
Jordan is my friend.
No, he's not.
Q-A-M. Hello.
Daniel.
Yes.
There will be blood.
That will be bulls, man.
It's coming.
It's coming.
Is there any great acting?
No ending.
The end of the day, Louis.
Is there any old day in Louis movie, man?
Great acting like I said.
No ending.
Goes nowhere.
Okay.
You're George would chime right in and say,
it was just like Magnolia.
Well, I don't know.
I haven't seen anything.
It was a great movie.
You haven't seen one.
Is that movie they're talking about?
No, but I'm just saying, in terms of no ending,
because that's your one never ending knock with Magnolia.
Oh, it doesn't have an ending.
We don't have a second.
Some of the seconds in the day period, some did not.
And there's no ending.
No one happens to them.
No excuse for that.
What do you mean by that?
How long can I go on it to have that scene?
I have to see.
Again, you're not addressing my point.
It isn't having one long, a trivet, whatever.
Do what it takes, end the f-ing movie.
It ends.
Yeah, it ends without resolving anything.
Just like the show in about four minutes.
It ends.
Exciting.
It is.
WQA M. Hello.
Hey Neil Joltz, I'll hear a friend.
Ha ha ha ha.
Right, Johnny Joe.
Wow.
Break them.
I know it was him.
In fact, he's one of the calls makes the farting noises.
WQA M. Hello.
I love sugar, nicotine, caffeine, alcohol, all of these things.
All of these things.
WQA M. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I just want to say that John McCain is about as much a hero as George W. Bush as a genius.
It doesn't take a lot of courage to drop bombs on people from this guy.
It might have been, and you want to be a hero?
Those guys that flew the planes into the World Trade Center.
Oh.
Good thing we have this button, you know.
Yep.
I don't know how he starts yelling and screaming.
And of course that's what crazy people do.
So, should be no surprise.
WQA M. Hello.
Yapioca or rice.
WQA M. Hello.
Yes, Neil.
Ted Bell here.
Beverly Hills steakhouse.
I'd like to send you over some rib eyes.
Is this okay with you?
Sure.
Would you like on them?
You want George to have one?
Let me ask you this.
Yeah.
Do you think anybody really is going to believe this?
This is Ted Bell.
You can call me back at my number.
944-578-7828.
Okay.
Send some over.
Yeah.
Send him tomorrow.
Yeah, sure.
Funny how much Ted Bell sounds just like Reverend Jones, isn't it?
No, it's not funny.
It's tragic.
It's weird.
It's tragic.
I have no right.
Yeah, it is tragic.
The fact that this is what we are, where we are at now.
That's what's tragic.
WQA M. Hello.
George is my friend.
Now he's my friend.
My friend.
George is my friend.
Everybody's my friend.
He has no idea how much every living creature in the world would like him to be dead now.
He has no clue.
And do you want to know why?
There's no sense to him.
That's right.
And the fact that I actually was able to lay my eyes on it and spy it with my own four eyes.
That was worth the price of a missionary, Kelsey M. Was he alone?
Have you seen the other one?
No.
Oh, you're sure he is.
Oh, yeah, he has eyes.
He's my special.
What a mutant.
What a twisted mutated creature that is.
But he's your friend.
He's your friend.
Oh, sure.
He's my chamba.
I'd like to take him out.
Fish in.
WQA M. Hello.
I'm Eric Victor, Alex Bennett, please.
WQA M. Hello.
And Seth's calling them to me on tomorrow.
He's out.
He's out.
He's out.
And he's George.
And Seth's calling them to me on tomorrow.
When his son's ever been here on Wednesday.
And when you lose me.
Yeah, I'll don't ever do it again.
Why?
A slow down a minute.
You're confusing this poor, like Perry's relax.
WQA M. Hello.
Good day, Neil.
Good day.
How you doing?
I just want to say hello to all of Nikolai.
I went to this list today out there.
Uh-huh.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
WQA M. Hello.
George has a lot of friends here.
Let it keep me.
WQA M. Hello.
Oops, he.
It oops, he.
And awful, awful.
Come on, Ed.
Oh, he won't be here today.
By the way, we got Curtis.
That's a good news.
Jerks is on vacation all week.
Maybe he's in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
I think it would be a good place for him.
Curtis will be on from two to four in the Mad Dog,
and then we got that first bitch with Jesse.
Harlan's actually won a game last night and that there was...
Nobody was there.
The players, the teams were there.
Don't tell anybody.
The coaches, the managers were there,
and the umpires were there.
And probably the concession people were there,
although I don't know why.
They probably didn't have a still-or-night there last night.
If they make money by, you know, how much they pedal.
When you think that's how much concession people, how they get paid?
By what they sell, probably.
By how much they sell.
Huh?
I know.
Well...
Let's go out on the street corner at two o'clock
in about three minutes, five minutes, whatever the hell it is,
and take up a collection of things.
You know the thing, it's the best house.
Nobody cares.
You're like 60 km.
I think.
Forth, leader.
You're God.
Well, I never thought I'd find the guy no ride
that I've been to the round bit today.
Now, it's a classic set of wheels fixed up
the way a brother would like it.
Now, with the key to China,
and the trip is cold, then it dies.
Don't the bossies, I'll go to Canada, liquid cherry, yo.
No, baby.
Open the good oughta, Jerry, cherry, baby, baby.
No, baby.
China, little village, little village.
If this is rich, now it's the one down south of the road
and the big daddy's super-powering.
Now, with the houses stopped,
the big deal is a day of getting around the beach in the praise.
1979, my own boat, Carolina.
She showed up in pod, now it's my baby, Cadillac.
Come, baby.
Open the good oughta, Jerry, cherry, baby, baby.
Come, baby.
China, little village, little village, yo.
I'm a little village, a little village.
I'm a little village, a little village.
I'm a little village.
I got my windows down,
on a hot summer day,
because the case he don't want no rain.
The sweating, fresh, with all seeds,
knocks the smell that gets the dust
and you look at all this time.
I'm a vaccine, you find.
The shiny graphics smell like lime.
Thanks, my coffee, China,
to the zombie washing it with all the rope.
Don't worry, baby.
Open the good oughta, Jerry, cherry, baby, baby.
Come, baby.
My own shopping feels ruined,
though the speed won't stay too smooth.
Come, baby.
Fresh, with all the interior, be fancy to be.
Baby, baby.
Bye, bye, bye.
