New portion of this program will be produced about the express space information at WQAM
Baby Blackhead School of Incorporated
Back up that audio baby, it's time for your audience
You're listening to sports on the 50 million miles away
WQAM, my...
Hello Earth!
Hello?
There we go.
Must be the end.
Holy...
You're so much out of fear.
You're now as passionate as the Earth's out of fear.
You're so much out of fear.
If you won't have a smile,
put the, put the, go.
When I'm listening to you, you'll show.
You're probably shot, but when I'm listening to you, you'll show.
You'll be absolutely right.
Once there was a signature,
who was caught indulging a habit,
a overall not much different life,
a typical Miyokan-Bangit.
You're fairly.
It's up to Larry.
We all thank you,
for giving right or something,
money to do.
You're looking for guys,
so make you go,
I hope so.
Larry, crack that you,
or tap it your shoe.
You stole me, sliced a few days,
but you refused to go away.
Republicans are prime,
I really did.
Did it?
It's up to you, never knew.
You're fairly.
We all invite you to his hell of art,
money to come right,
like you will soon go,
I hope so.
I hope so.
I'm not thinking no crap,
but he's happy to choose.
Game, game, game, I never have been dead.
Game, game, game, I never have been dead.
He's up to Larry.
He wants to stay,
but he's on time,
he wants him to go away.
But this is what I want.
Did you say,
Larry, crack this,
crack this,
say, for you.
Oh, he's got a wife,
stand up.
He wants a man to scream,
and then he guy will be.
And now what does that mean,
a wide stance?
I mean, what about all the idiotic things to say?
Boy, you know what you got?
A wide stance, huh?
A giant pair, you know,
you can't just sit with your legs together,
you'll crush them.
When you got giant pair.
A giant pair.
A lot of giant watermelons.
Parathides, I was talking about it.
Oh.
Hey, big week's end weekend.
Well, whatever it is today and tomorrow.
Begin to the week.
Today we got our Neil Deelet noon,
and tomorrow George is at Gulfstream.
Woo!
From Tended to George will be broadcasting live
from the finish line casino on the first floor of Gulfstream.
And plunge in his guts out again.
Right?
And of course they want you to get ready for the big race
on Sunday, the $350,000 front of youth stakes.
Which I think is kind of ironic having your race call
the Fountain of Youth in Halendale.
Hey.
That's where they ought to have it.
I see.
If anybody needs it.
Well, guess what?
Oh, here's a great interesting story to get started with today.
How about those canes, baby?
Those canes, anybody here?
Oh, my God.
I got to talk about something, you know.
Boy, it's really sad.
But this is that time of the year.
There's no football.
There's no baseball yet.
There's a hockey, but nobody cares about that.
And there's certainly a wildest basketball.
But, damn.
A cheeky artist who uses his penis as a brush
has entered a racy-self portrait
for Australia's top art prize.
Australia's in Tim Patch.
I hear he makes very teeny tiny paintings.
They're like weeny, teeny weeny.
Australia and Tim Patch, you call themselves,
oh, can I say this?
Picasso?
Excuse me.
That also that says here, it's a story.
Usually, exposes his talents at sex product fairs
around the world, but it's decided to go off market
by entering a painting for Australia's archibald prize.
The nation's top award for portraiture.
In a unique painting style, Patch does not use paintbrushes,
but his penis to apply paint to the canvas.
I had to use my bum to paint in the background
because you have to have the occasional breakpatch
to order Australia's newspaper.
Patch entered a painting of a plastic surgeon
last year's archibald prize, but failed to impress the judges.
This year's entry depicts a nude patch
wearing only a hat holding a black canvas to hide his brush.
The art gallery of New South Wales and Sydney expects
up to 700 portraits to be handed for the 2008 archibald prize,
finalists to be announced in March.
Well, we can't wait to find out whether the penis painter wins or not.
I'm trying to edge your seat about that,
and I'll say what I'm on edge of my seat
while I get rid of this pole.
I'll wait till they see that nude.
I can't wait.
Well, I'm moving joking about it for a long time.
Give me plenty of notice since you're such a big Charlie B fan.
The biggest, and I want plenty of notice
because I don't want to be shut out of this one.
You know, when you switch it, sometimes people vote before I get a chance to.
So, okay, well, I'll tell you what.
Alright, let me print out what we got there now, the end of this one.
1062 votes.
Nice work there, Chris.
1062.
We just sat down here.
Well, thank you.
Yeah.
No problem.
And I got the nude one up there now.
Let's see.
I don't know what to say.
Oh, I'll vote for this one.
Am I off my good?
Yeah, it sounds good though.
I don't care.
No.
Look, we're keeping score about technical things now.
Oh, yeah, this place technical.
Okay, here's before I get to this thing about OJ.
And they would have a story about OJ.
And I got a Brittany one in a pile here later on.
Dude, it's not all that exciting.
He was the OJ one.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
1062 votes.
Now, did you vote on this new poll?
It's up there waiting for you.
Go on.
Go on.
Go on.
There we go now, dude.
Alright.
If you find a wallet with a lot of money inside including ID, what would you really do?
Really?
In your heart of hearts, as they say, well, whenever they say that, I could blow their crap
away, man.
Heart of hearts.
What?
Jesus.
Give it all back.
No reward necessary.
373.
Give it all back and hope for a reward, but don't push it.
293.
Pocket the money.
We turned the wallet.
Same that I found it that way.
Somebody else took the money.
But here's your wallet.
244.
Pocket the money.
Toss the wallet.
Don't bother finding the owner.
We turn everything in and insist on a reward.
Oh, heath 12.
Hey, guess what, Pally?
I found your stuff.
Here it is.
I want 100 bucks.
I mean, you know, show a little bit of class.
Don't think to show your ass.
It's another thing to show a little class.
So we got to wait till the mall for that cost.
Why don't you go out there right now and be good.
And we'll do a whole bunch of horse racing stuff.
That was great.
Although it's got nothing to do with the canes.
Where about the canes?
They beat the canes.
It's charging hard for Pierce on the outside.
It's Greco the Great who's searching up after the lead.
Oh, Hoka raised trying to fight him off.
Pesto in over a wide rally on the outside.
Greco the Great.
They're heading down to the finish.
Greco the Great has won it.
Oh, Hoka raised second.
Pesto.
I do like that.
Ronnie Pierce and Brian Sears 1, 2.
There's your exactive for it.
Okay, we got the new fold up there.
A lot of people are probably thinking you've got to be kidding us.
You're reading it to do this.
Oh, say, see, stay for a day.
What does that mean?
Yes, you can.
Yes, I can.
Oh, is that what that means?
It can be done.
Well, they're courting Latinos in Texas.
Isn't that great?
Mexican's no doubt.
I know you're not too fond of Mexicans, but why?
Why do you say that?
Because it's true.
Not true.
How many times do I have to say it?
I've only met one I didn't like and I can't say that about a whole bunch of people, you know?
Maria, I'm just not one, you see.
No, we're not asking whether you are one.
The only thing I've ever said.
The fact that you put it in those terms is self-exponitoring.
No, it isn't.
Are you an Arab?
So, but I don't have to run around saying, oh, I'm not an Arab.
I'm not an Arab.
If people accusing you of being one, you would be dead.
I'm not a Muslim.
If people are a human being.
You're not a straight person.
I know, but if people keep calling you one, you'd say, no, I'm not.
Well, who called you when I'm Mexican when they were in prison?
People would say, all the time.
Who would have found out all my life because they're the predominant, Hispanic, tight people?
Today, who's his day?
The people, they see your name, they go, oh, are you a Mexican?
And you say, no, I'm not.
That's all.
They see your name?
They see that your name ends in a Z, and they presume that you're a Mexican.
And so you say, well, they're pretty stupid.
Those people are stupid, of course they are.
Because you could be Ecuadorian, you could be like a Mexican.
And a number of you could say, you could be a Mexican.
You could be Chilean.
Right, just because you come from Italy.
The way that it makes you Arab, you could be Jewish.
Okay, here's the new pool.
Well, this is a good one, Charlie B.
I guess Charlie B's abandon us.
Just like Brandon did, too.
That's okay, you guys have a great life.
Find out who your real friends are as time goes on.
And all those fair-wetherer friends who are here once in a while, but then when you really need them,
when push comes to show, they ain't pushing it.
They're shoving it, but they ain't pushing it.
What's your favorite sandwich, filler?
See, he probably thought we would never do that one, because I made such a mockery out of it,
because it's a stupid ass.
It's embarrassing.
It's like desperate, you know what I mean?
But we are desperate to come up with polls lately, so why not?
Why not put something idiotic on here like that?
I better get a lot of votes.
And who doesn't have a favorite sandwich filler, right?
Right, you need steak for it.
That was my vote, and I'm with a crowd on that.
I love cheese steak.
Good one.
But I didn't vote for that.
Cheese steak is for bacon-tree.
I don't eat sandwiches, too.
Tuna salad, too.
Salami, too.
Salami.
And what about we have one of those that we have a lot of-
We have a lot of-
Huh?
We have a lot of ours.
Salami, we got Peppie Rooney though.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes.
This is Tuba.
This is Tuba.
Tuba.
Could you tell me if Peppie is a Peppie Rooney?
That's a Rooney?
Yes.
There's a couple I can't play, but those are kind of funny.
Corn beef, too.
Turkey one.
Roast beef, one pork one.
Oh, traff.
Fé.
Tina putter and jelly one.
That was probably very jackass cast that vote.
Ham one.
Cheese one.
What about ham and cheese?
Right.
Ham and cheese and pork.
All kinds of combos.
Yeah, that's true.
But we don't have ham and cheese.
No.
Better get that on there, Fraco.
Meatball, too.
Corn beef, too.
Cold cuts, too.
Cheese one, pork one.
Ham one.
Chicken salad, one and chicken one.
And so far, sloppy Joe.
Omelette, liver, worst ham salad.
Fried egg.
Fish.
Egg salad, chorizo, barbecue and baloney have none.
Baloney.
Yes.
Oh, now we got one of those on there.
Then we have baloney.
I don't know.
I'm sure we do.
No.
We always have to.
No.
No.
No.
No.
Mommy.
Lonely.
Mommy.
The Lonely here.
The Lonely.
The Lonely.
Now, these things were real or what?
Yes.
They were?
I believe so.
From the tube bar.
Where did they get those?
Those were the agatus.
They were the only thing original things she ever had in her life.
No, they're not original.
She got them off a CD or a record or a jerky board.
I mean, original.
I mean, she did steal from you.
I say yes.
Well, good.
Good for you, goddess.
Come at it, after 10 at 560 WQM.
Happy Thursday.
The schedule looks like this.
The jerk show, too, would tweak on the board.
Nadedog 4-7.
Hurricane hotline from the Ratscalor 7-9.
They're going to be celebrating that big win last night.
We love their hurricanes.
They want to game me a great.
Dolphins all access high-spirited reporting.
Nine to 10 with John Lindor and Doray Blustein.
And then the D-A-Show with Hennepin Night.
Stop sagging in the church.
Absolutely.
Oh, you can tell your fans.
You don't like their demands.
If they have some request, you just say no.
And then tell all my tent.
To tell the management.
You want nobody messing with your show.
Go round from tendon through.
And when your shift is through.
Tell George he can relax and scold some weed.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you miss great grief.
But don't play a part.
The sound of a part.
I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a part.
The sound of a part.
You'll be in trouble with the Peasley Clean.
Don't play a part.
So Barack Obama won Democrats abroad.
How do you like that?
Aren't you excited about that?
He won a bra.
John McCain has a bra.
I'll be your eyes.
I think that's good for the old coup when you're right.
Except of course those evangelical right-wingers,
those real hardwifers.
Yeah.
And shove it over Republican hip-hippards.
They've already been resisting him and now they're going to really be pealed, man.
They're going to be, oh, fat.
We don't want that John McCain.
He's a flanderer.
Well, speaking of flanderers,
OJ's longtime girlfriend was out of a date hospital today.
After a 10-day stay from injuries,
she suffered a February 11th fall alleged.
A Baptist hospital spokeswoman said
Christie Prowdy was no longer a patient there.
Prowdy 32 had been hospitalized for falling and hitting her head.
At a Southwest Day GANS station,
according to police report,
Simpson's 60th Kindle Total Police Investigators
have put him in drinking heavily and falling down a lot
the previous week when the couple was on vacation in Texas.
I mean, how much do you have to be drinking to be falling down?
Are you going to die of expression fall down drunk?
Right. I'll let you know what's more like.
No.
Police said there was no indication of crime had taken place.
Simpson remains free on bottom while he waits trial in Vegas
in April on armed robbery and kidnapping charges.
He faces life in prison if convicted.
Oh, hellio, happy day.
And he's not going to get that.
Or wouldn't that be something when that be poetic justice or what?
And then can you imagine the wake that there would be a quame
would have to have real.
The water Nazi would come back and scour Anne and Greg.
Oh, gee, what are we going to do for OJ?
That was quite a sorted chapter, man.
That golf term, that was beyond belief.
But don't let in the past.
Now let's move the hands of time and forward.
Sonishan here, man, it looks beautiful.
Okay.
If you could be sitting in my chair looking out the window,
it looks, and most of the snow is gone.
It's a beautiful day.
All right.
And I got a nice, good vacation now.
Well, not from work, but I mean just from life and general.
What?
From some grief and anxious.
That's right.
Could this be the unreported political sex scandal that had the blogosphere
buzzing late last year?
Brack, ow!
Wait a minute.
Brack, ow!
Sorry.
The New York Times is detailing explosive charges that Republican
presidential firm on the center of DeGio, McCain, had what could be
conscured as an inappropriate relationship with a Washington lobbyist.
Why did they always say that inappropriate relationship?
Why is it inappropriate if he was if they were having a good time?
Hey, Mary.
So?
Well, that's why they say that.
Aren't you?
Yeah.
You have any inappropriate relationship?
They're also appropriated.
Well, there you go.
In an article entitled for McCain's self-confidence on ethics poses its own risk.
Times reporters write that the lobbyist named Vicky Eisman has been turning up a
campaign of fundraisers in his orifices and a board of clients corporate jet, convinced
the relationship had become romantic, some of his top advisors intervened to predict the
candidate from himself, instructing staff members to block the woman's asses, properly warning
her away, and repeatedly confronting him several people involved in the campaign set
on a condition of anonymity because they don't want to get shot.
The article continues when the news organizations reported McCain had written letters to government
regulators on behalf of the lobbyist clients.
The former campaign associate said some aid spirit for a time that attention will be
a fall in her involvement.
A little conflict of interest there, Johnny Boy.
Another one of these righteous goody-two shoes, but not righteous enough for the Bible
thumpers, and now, like I said, they're going to be really pork-daw.
McCain and Eisman, accordingly, times both say they never had a romantic relationship.
Of course, you can be doing this school in your brains out, not having a romantic relationship.
That goes back to Paul, you took whatever day that was.
Right.
You could have it one way, but not the other.
Right.
In a press release, it is official campaign website, the McCain campaign issue, the following
statement.
It's a shame that the New York Times has lowered its standards to engage in a hit and run
smear campaign.
Johnny McCain is a 24-year record asserving our country with honor and integrity.
He's never violated the public trust, never done favors for a special interest or lobbyist,
and will not allow a smear campaign to distract from the issues that stick in his election.
Americans are sick and tired of this kind of gutter politics, and there's nothing in the
history that suggests that John McCain has ever violated the principles that have
gotten his career.
You know what that means?
They were screwing their brains out.
Right.
That's like I did not have sex with that woman, Ms. Lewinsky, but a beep, but it will
be of course.
Remember that in his nose kept you longer and longer?
No.
Not long after the Times article was published, Eisman's bio was apparently removed from the
website of Alcade and Fay, the firm that employs her, huffing and post-kept it a screen shot
of the bio.
Blogger Will Bunch has an updated photo of how he's been posing with George W. Bush.
Journalists in author Ron Rosenbaum wrote in a blog post from October of last year that he had
run into a well-connected media person who told him flatly, on a cruelty that everyone
knows, the LA Times was sitting on a story, all wrapped up in ready to go about what is
potentially devastating sexual scandal involving a leading presidential candidate.
The LA Times never did publish the piece.
If indeed it's the same story as reported by the Times, but it would be put, put, put, about.
And the New York Times faces a gathering storm after a panoply of new reports who just
have a paper set on that story, detailing the alleged romantic involvement between McCain
and 40-year-old Washington lobbyist, Vicki Eisman.
Last night two times staff were told political, the second they'd reported the Times during
Maryland, Thompson, and else he was leaving her job at the Times February 12th after concerns
that the peace had yet run, Thompson said she was returning to the Washington Post.
Rumors encirculated internally that Thompson had been working on McCain's piece and was dissatisfied
it hadn't yet run according to two-time staffers, the sites down in Martin and Michael Calderone.
Martin asked Times Washington bureau chief Dean Vicki if sitting on the piece had anything to do
with her departure, I'm not going to go into stories that may or may not run the paper
back, they said, had long conversations with Maryland about her regarding the post as home.
Thompson's violin is the only one of the four authors not linked on the Times piece.
What's more, McCain ate Charlie Blacks at late last night that the Times only moved their piece
because another piece was to come out of the New Republic.
After the New Republic's report began making phone calls to the Times they decided to publish
and a statement to magazine said they would run a piece today detailing behind the scenes efforts at the Times.
In a blog post, New Republic senior editor Noam Shriver wrote,
the McCain campaign is apparently blaming TNR for forcing the Times' hand on this story.
We can't yet confirm that but we can say this.
The New Republic correspondent Gabe Sherman is working on a piece about the Times' foot dragging on McCain's story
and the back and forth within the paper about whether to publish it.
Last December, conservative news in Gossip Site, the Fudge report floated a story of hurting the McCain
was in a ferocious behind-the-scenes battle, not the publisher report,
saying McCain had given special treatment to a female lobbyist.
A ferocious battle during the 2004 election campaign,
Dredge published an apocryphal story-ledging John Kerryhead in the fair,
so Dredge's McCain's story seemed to be of dubious authenticity,
like most of what Miss Fudge puts on here.
But Fudge's claim may warrant a fresh look following the story's release,
just weeks away from a possible surprise victory in the primaries,
Republican presidential candidate John McCain has been waging a ferocious behind-the-scenes battle
with New York Times the Dredge reports to learn the site of the work
and is our DC power lawyer Bob Beneth to mount a bold offense against charges
of giving special treatment to a lobbyist.
Save the drama for Yamama, right for Obama.
So there you go, John McCain, I think a lot of people are going to be shocked
when the Ohio War's Wonders even for a hundred-year-old coot like John McCain evidently.
He must be popping him like Pes, like Mickey said.
I'm popping Gannescon like Pes.
Ever take Gannescon? Sure. Just this morning.
Get out. Okay. That's actually me. He did? No, Maylocks.
Frutty tablets.
Oh, the really good ones are the, what are they?
I don't know. I think what they are.
I got the empty bottle in the other party.
Not Rolex. Rolex, yeah, Rolex.
Really? No, like once for gas and bloating and, yeah.
Got the Maylocks multi-symptom.
Hmm, that's wonders.
I think he's doing a good, but man, he sure tastes great.
What the hell is this name?
The Tateco is Neil Rogers.
What are you five, sixty-two-a-am?
The sports leader.
Neil Rogers, huh?
He's a Mexican, yes.
I will bring him back.
Come on, star.
It is too little to lay.
I'm so sick of the candles for locks, I'm an ex-artist.
Spray on.
No, Clint is drama.
Are you a registered voter?
Oh, what an empty mat was.
So was that cute or what?
Not. It was adorable.
Almost as good as that pole that I'm embarrassed by putting that thing on there.
Probably more people talking behind my back now.
Of course a lot of people talk behind my ball of time.
Back it.
Oh, the old man put a pole on there.
You wouldn't wish on a footy.
A footy still do the pizza thing, by the way.
What's the best pizza?
It's taken him what?
About 85 weeks to figure out what's the best pizza in town.
That's the way it works when you put the two of mine in a day.
Instead, I just put the list of all of mine here and see who gets the most votes.
What a moron man. What a jerk.
What a talk show host from the hell.
Everybody's a talk host.
Keep that in mind, no matter whether they're one spun rags or a spiral.
It's a spiral.
It's inspiring that anybody can be a talk show host.
Is it sure?
A strong earthquake struck the northeast corner of Nevada this morning.
The US Geological Survey said the quake was 6.3 magnitude and it did the 6.2 miles below the surface.
The epicenter was about 150 miles from Salt Lake City.
By the way, here's a lesson for all you people who want to be president someday.
Do not come to South Florida to eat a lot of deli.
It didn't work well for West Clark and it didn't work at all well for Whitney, Julie and Annie.
If you think that's the way you're going to win the hearts of the voters in South Florida, forget about it.
Stay away from the delis.
By the way, when is it going to be the Rascal House closing its April, isn't it?
I don't know.
Remind, we have a market on the calendar.
I'll dig that up somewhere.
And we'll find the day the Rascal House officials are going to close its doors and become epic.
You're a marketer, whatever it's going to become.
Oh, what a day that's going to be.
What are we going to do now?
Oh, are you saying?
Under Sheriff Rocky Gonzalez of Elco County, Nevada told the AP.
They're unconferring reports of damage to buildings there.
Elco County.
That's way up northeast corner.
Why should we worry about earthquakes in Nevada when they have all those nukes underground, you know?
Uh-oh.
We have cracks in our walls, Dean Kelsa who went to the phone at Motel 6 and was about a told AP.
Well, this is 10 miles from the epicenter and sparsely populated east of Nevada.
CNN, a phobia, it's in Salt Lake City and Boise, Idaho before he getting calls from residents who felt the temblor.
I have never seen that word before in my life, have you?
Nope.
T-E-N-V-L-L-R, the temblor.
How about the temblor?
The USGS told CNN that we see 59 reports on people in 40 zip codes or about 2 million residents who felt the quake.
What does that mean?
40 zip codes where there are 2 million residents and 59 people said that.
I don't get it.
That's supposed to be like a big sentence, a big deal.
I don't know, I'm not paying attention.
Oh, there's that idiot that Marvin Caliber, which I wouldn't, what's his name?
Howard Kurtz.
Forty.
In this way, we started to see the universe.
The reliable sources, you should live so long, okay?
You're just phony.
That was, uh, you phony would have really bad bad hairpins.
We had a lot more.
Look on the insurgent.
Those are controversial in journalism.
They've been used.
I'm not really sure it is, there are peace.
But if it is, it's real hair.
It's bad, you know what I mean?
That's really bad.
Oh yeah, real hair looks like a hairpiece.
He's in heaven.
Now let me ask you this.
When he finally, um,
see I don't understand, because remember he came to work that one day with his head shaved like I got mine now?
Yeah.
Now is that the stories that was under the, uh, two pays or what?
Oh, who will know, will never know.
We'll never know, right?
Well, I'll be damned.
We should invest in it.
When the more man was still around, we should have taken a peak.
Yeah, I presume.
You presume.
You presume.
The two pay, uh, situations that you see, it's the, uh, the two pay is a top piece blended into the side parts.
And I'm pretty sure that that's what he had going on.
But we will never know.
What do you mean by that?
You know, it's not a full on wig.
You know, the two pay just sits on top and then you blend that hair with the hair that grows around the sides of your head.
Yeah, right.
But it would just go bald on top.
So I'm pretty sure that that's what he had going on.
Same as most people.
But then when we decided to shave it, he just shaved everything.
I can't stand Howard Kurtz.
He really hurt.
He was like nine years ago.
But look, because McCain, what did they ask for?
Self-annoyed crusader against special interests and money, excessive money and politics and that sort of thing,
it is certainly legitimate to look into leather.
Yeah, that's right.
We need my cockleberry, baby.
That's what we need.
Forget about John McCain or your Republicans out there.
We need huckleberry hound.
Boy, talk about a pusher over.
He couldn't win a fixed election in his, uh, hometown.
Good.
Gummy Miss Molly.
Oh, you're wrong, nearly one a few parmer.
Isn't that Bible Thump and says good?
Thump this.
Thump the stars.
I'm looking at that pole.
I don't know whether I want to read it or just puke.
I mean, I put it up there just as a, I don't know, active inspiration.
Let's do the pizza thing.
Oh my god.
How long can you have the same damn pole on there?
I mean, I granted it's not the centerpiece of the show.
I'm sure he's got a lot of those very important civic guests on, you know,
if they have the sewer and water authority things like that.
But nevertheless,
Garrett Sloan from the Dave County sewer and water authority, my very first guest on WKAT.
Thanks a lot, Sid Levin.
Sid Levin.
I want to sit still alive.
You know, don't you ever be now and then wonder about people that we haven't heard from or about.
I mean, I've heard from Sid.
I spoke to him not that long ago, a few months ago.
Very few.
Very few what?
I've wondered about very few people like whatever happened to them.
Like the not-slanding lady, whatever happened to her.
You mean on this show, oh, she's a spirit of long time ago?
I know, well.
She showed up in my house a couple of times.
Okay, stalking announced.
What?
Stalking?
No, not stalking.
Just to combine, be friendly and say, oh, look at all the way that I lost.
And I think she ballooned that up again and then ran.
And don't you remember she almost died or something from Americans, diet?
No.
Yeah.
Here, I'm very sick from it.
I want to be sick.
Brandon is out there today.
You got something to pick on our good friend Brandon when he's been sick most of the week.
Boy, you know what a heart I am.
Yes, you are.
Well, he is out there.
He's back today.
Thank God.
Thank God for that.
Don't think about that.
Now, that would be a really good pull to take some time.
Although, I don't know, most of our people probably are not on my space or Facebook or any of those.
There's a zillion of those different things.
Have you ever met anybody that you in person that you met on a, um,
a thing internet, um, okay?
How do you say it?
You know, I mean, I met that you met online.
Have you ever met someone in real life that you met online?
Right.
Now, you have, I'm sure.
Well, not just not out of the blue.
There are people that were fans of the show.
I don't know.
I mean, they start out as fans of the show.
They go to the MySpace site when we started promoting that we had our MySpace sites.
Yeah.
And then you get to know each other that way.
By the way, David, you're still a moron.
He had a re-felt, compelled to be spotted yesterday.
And I read that, that type that's swill that he put on there.
They're giving me instructions on how to live my life.
Come on, old man.
And then he writes to some cryptic crap.
Oh, it's just a radio show for Christ's sakes and then PS.
Ah, the heck with it.
Yeah, the heck with this, right?
So go away, David.
You're an idiot.
You're a total absolute idiot.
Anybody who's, look, you're a stranger.
You're a stranger.
You don't know me.
I don't know you.
And as far as knowing you, I don't wanna.
How do you like that, David, whoever you are in St. Petersburg, or whatever other bum fork place over there on the West Coast?
God, he's probably in Pinellas Park or someplace like that.
Maybe even in Temple Terrace.
Christ almighty.
Oh, well, you know, I just trying to be helpful.
I go away.
Just get out of my life.
Good try to run my wife.
What I'm into?
Bill Clinton says Texas could be swallies last and that's what Bubba says.
There's a Texas-sized stumbling block on the Hillary's comeback trail.
Even her most devoted surrogate husband Bubba acknowledged the dour die steaks yesterday in Beaumont, Texas,
considering that a loss in Texas or Ohio would likely do him her candidacy.
If she wins, Texas said, oh, I think she'll be the nominee.
If you don't deliver for her, I don't think she can be.
It's all on you, he said, at the beginning of his speech.
A series of demographic and organizational challenges are coming together to make the loans start saving an extraordinarily difficult venue for Clinton
with their campaigning in the size of a new overcomerako-bama's growing age in conventional delegates.
With polls showing the Texas race essentially tied, several independent political analysts say that even if Clinton takes an overwhelming share of Latino voters,
she'll be hard-pressed to carry the state, must-lice capture large share of delegates.
How do you like that?
And the unique way that Texas awards delegates could force a voter to take as much as 55% of the state's votes,
just to break even the battle for delegates, said Richard Murray.
And what if he's kind of January that, uh, milk his lawyer, you know, his lawyer friend?
January?
They've gotten some bad breaks here, Murray.
Said Texas is not well set up for her and the Obama people have figured that out.
It's tough, but they got no choice. They must win down here and win convincingly, and it seems unlikely.
unlikely is what he said.
I do like that. And Bubba says if she won't win there, canito bye.
I'm in for biggest names.
The best Alex, you've ever done, bitch.
Forty-two five sixty-two AM.
Me.
Fort.
Leader.
Have my junior, honey.
Some stations give you cars. Some stations give you gas.
But this station's going to make you rich and famous.
Rich and famous.
That's right.
We're going to get you your own fact-based TV movie deal.
Movie of the week.
Just be the seventh caller when you hear this sound.
And we'll send some cell train sixteen-year-old sex-fod over to your house to shoot your wife.
Start her with a discount and your backyard.
And implicate you in the bombing of the world trade center.
And because you were there, you'll be able to sell the right to your story to the highest bidder.
This station is not responsible for lack of network interest.
If A, your wife survives the shooting, B, some of the cultists survive the fiery inferno or C,
it turns out you were nowhere near the world trade center at the time.
Rich and famous.
What a fructose that nothing at you.
People is ding-du-wid.
Ten forty-five, there's your president.
And the people of this good country must understand the real states will stand with you as you rebuild your country.
Yeah, well that's what we're trying to do here at Georgia.
Just stay there at W. W.
What does it tell you when you got a president named W?
Like a WHO-W-Q-A-M like that.
I know it's Joe Ross' at all the time, W.
W. W.
Was that?
Nope, I didn't.
That's because you don't listen.
You better start listening Mr.
How else you can learn about Keynes Basketball?
The Keynes!
I know all I want to know.
What do you mean by that?
Nothing?
Nothing.
Exactly.
Talk about him more on a twenty-one-year-old clearwater man was arrested at a temp international last weekend
after a security personnel found a box cutter in a hollow rod book.
Benjamin Barnes Jr.
There's a picture of him here.
He's a light-complexed dark guy.
If convicted, Baines faces up to ten years in prison up to a $250,000 fine for a federal charge of attempting to board an airplane
where they concealed dangerous weapon.
He's poorly serving a thirty-day sense after pleading guilty Monday to a state-mistered being your charge of carrying the concealed weapon.
What kind of a moron would have a hollow-dove book with a box cutter in it?
For what purpose?
To be honest,
a 730 Sunday morning airport security ran Benjamin Baines Jr.'s backpack
to an ex-ray machine and saw the image of a box cutter.
According to a report from the TSA,
when searching the backpack, a security officer found a book titled
Fear itself.
The book was hollowed out and the box cutter was inside.
The only thing we have to fear is Benjamin.
After Baines was read his rights, he said his cousin had cut away the pages to make the hollow section of the book.
Later reports, Stady said he had hollowed it out himself to hide money and marijuana from his roommates.
Well, there you go. I say more power to him.
Right now it starts to make sense to me.
Although that doesn't tell me what the box cutter is doing in there.
After Baines was read his rights here, and let's see, I just read that.
Baines sold officers who was moving back to Vegas
and forgot the cutter was in the book.
Officers found books in the backpack titled Muhammad in the Bible,
The Prophet's Prayer and the Noble Quran.
He also had a copy of the Quran in the Bible.
Oh my God, talk about a dangerous, dangerous terrorist.
How do you like that?
Muhammad, my ass.
Several sheets of paper in the backpack included rapplers that refer to police and narcotics weapons and killing.
Baines told officers he's a rapper who writes his own lyrics and that rap music writers need to play the part.
Whatever that means.
Officers performed a background check and found no record of crimes or act of war.
And he was charged with throwing concealed weapons and booked into Orient Road jail.
At his first appearance in court, excuse me.
In court Monday, Baines played a gilding with sense of 30 days in jail.
In court, when employed with the Hillsborough County Clerk, court, he remained in Orient jail today.
What day was this?
Yesterday.
Why is he still there now?
The US Attorney's office also filed a federal charge of attempting to board an aircraft where they concealed dangerous weapons.
The federal charge against Baines was filed Sunday, not now until today.
They said Baines will be arrested by US marshals upon release from jail on the state charge.
He's got big stories, baby.
Don't be cutting out the cutaway sessions of books and stick box cutters or bombs or hand grenades or stuff like that.
And they're not a good idea if you're going to go on a plane, right?
Right.
Idiot.
How dumb do you have to be?
He's got that coranth and he's got the Bible.
Oh my God.
Talking about two dangerous books.
What's your favorite sandwich for?
I bet you never dreamed I'd have the balls to do this pool, did you?
I told you a morning I was putting a ball up there.
I mean, he'd eat short like a bottle.
In fact, I think we have it on tape, don't we?
One moment, please.
Here it is.
There it is.
Remember those days, man?
A lot of fun.
That was days on the radio.
A lot of laughter, a lot of shortling, a lot of crap.
It was good.
Now we just don't have the other, we just have the crap.
What's your favorite sandwich, girl?
We got 160 votes.
That's not too bad here in the first hour.
What time do we change this, baby?
Like about ten after ten?
Ten ten?
How about that?
Ten ten wins New York.
Ten ten CFR B Toronto, baby.
With boring Brian McFarlane.
I wonder if he's still alive.
I think he is.
What's your favorite sandwich, girl?
Or cheese steak, 21?
Roast beef, 14.
Roast beast.
Peanut butter and jelly, 14.
Tuna salad, 13.
Corn beef, 10.
See the audience says nobody problem with this.
They're going along with it.
Because they're loyal and they know I'm an idiot.
Turkey 9, cheese 9, bacon 9, meatball 8.
Oh, there's nothing like a good meatball sub.
You're right when it's good, what's good one?
Cheese and all of you.
Right, oh.
A good one, oh you have.
Not a bad one.
That's a pro-beloader, some Swiss or something.
Bad ones, they have like those little balls.
Yeah, oh my god.
Who wants a sandwich with little balls?
Yeah, some of you.
Barbecue 7, ham and cheese 6, nice from here.
Salami 6, cold cuts 6, cold cuts.
Now wait a minute, I'm sure that there's a,
in that cold cuts.
Yeah, I heard it.
What about that?
I knew there was a...
Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm looking for my friends.
Must be their cuts.
Their name is Cutz, K-E-T-Z.
So, do you know what I mean?
His last name is K-E-T-Z Cutz.
The two of us cuts.
I didn't buy that.
Cut.
They're B-E-T-Z Cut.
I didn't buy that.
I don't even care.
I think it's because you're all wild and lonely and you want me here.
No, my name is a friend of mine.
That's first in his call.
CLLE, cold?
Cold cuts.
My name is Cold.
Cold cuts.
What about a punch?
Cold cuts.
Cold cuts.
Chicken salad 5, liverwurst 4, ham 4, I don't eat sandwiches 3.
Whoever heard of anybody doesn't eat sandwiches.
I don't know if they're on the hatkins.
Oh, that's true. I never thought about that.
I'd like to be on it, but I can't do it.
I just can't do it.
So you only hope for me to stay alive, and I can't do it.
It's there. It's waiting for me.
It's like the brass ring. Just reach out and grab it.
And I don't want it.
Okay, you know, I just can't do it.
I know.
I don't need sandwiches to report three.
Fried egg three.
Oh my God. Fried egg my ass.
What a grude of the pan.
I thought. Big pan.
Egg salad two.
Chorizo two.
Chicken two.
Sloppy Joe one.
And onion for omelette.
Ham salad.
Fish.
Or baloney.
Baloney.
And it's spelled.
V-L-O-N-E-Y.
Come on, Charlie.
Be even.
But not Charlie.
Be a pan in this, I believe.
I think he's pissed off.
And you did it.
Sorry.
Now I was stupid, Pulsie.
What's wrong with you, man?
First, you pissed off Brandon by saying he abandoned us.
Sure.
He's been sick as a dog all week.
Uh-huh.
Thank God he's back today, so we know he's okay.
Now have you ever been confagulated with him or not?
Where are you and the professor every time?
What about Brandon?
I think we exchanged messages once.
Really?
Sure. I don't know.
I think he was like that.
No, he does. That's fine.
No, he doesn't hate you.
He hates cordists.
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
He's the anti-jash cordist.
That's right.
That took the ground to the song.
I believe they got it.
They take it all.
Right.
Yeah, buckle.
They say we have a lot of buckle.
So no votes for baloney.
Now that's surprising.
You guys robber creeper and the very jackass haven't voted yet.
Although I guess very voted for peanut butter and jelly.
What's so good about peanut butter and jelly?
I'm just, I don't know.
Never know.
You're a big peanut butter guy.
Years ago when I was a kid, I guess we all used to eat it right out of the jar.
Right.
The night...
Never again.
I don't want to smell peanut butter on someone's breath.
I don't want to smell curry on their body.
Oh my God.
There's nothing worse than, you know, you see somebody really, really attracted from India.
You know, really beautiful person and you like to get within sniffing distance.
Oh, I don't want to sniff that.
You know what I mean?
Never getting here is something and you say, oh I don't want to sniff that.
Oh, that's hard.
Oh my God.
Woo!
Yep.
If you catch my drift, you do it often.
Brad Fadasky on this working chimps says the Hillary Clinton slush fund, dirty tactics, dirty money.
This is skating.
Okay.
That's why I'm reading it.
Skating.
Riffs are a major, big fat, ugly ass.
He says I predict that we will ultimately learn in future disclosures that the Hillary Clinton
campaign today is functionally bankrupt.
I predict we will also learn that she's longer campaigned more money than she had been disclosed.
With the latest revelations of Clinton-Friends and close supporters creating independent campaign
fund, which will ultimately be found to have violated campaign finance laws, we now see
the union of dirty tactics, dirty money and desperation.
Remember that song by Jane Morgan and Roger Williams?
It was desperation.
I don't remember that.
No.
I can't work it up.
What?
How old is that?
No, it's fascination.
Oh.
You wouldn't know that either.
Well, chicken egg probably does.
Yeah.
Let's call it what it is.
A Clinton slush fund run for the purpose of attempting to saturate the arrays with negative
attacks that a near bankrupt campaign can no longer afford to fund itself.
Let's be direct.
The more Hillary Clinton keeps escalating her desperate demolition of tanks, folks like
myself will have no choice but to respond bluntly and directly because of the damage
he's doing to the Democratic Party and要 to mention her own future.
Hillary Clinton's CEO has been a disaster, who has mismanaged more than $100 million,
mismanaged whatever one calls her message, mismanaged political strategy and mismanaged
political tactics.
When voters reject her tactics and message, she's reduced to trying to overturn the
verdict of the voters and because her campaign money has been mismanaged, her friends have
to create an independent slush fund using dirty money to finance dirty attacks.
It's wrong enough for a candidate who's failed to excite voters to be reduced to nothing
more than a negative attack machine against a candidate who lifts voters through true
leadership.
Now the dirty tactics must be financed through dirty money and what I call a slush
fund and what I predict the law will call a violation of campaign finance laws.
Hillary Clinton has learned nothing from the failures of her campaign.
The effort is doomed.
The campaign will soon be over.
This slush fund of independent might deduct negative sludge on the arrays will be seen
by political storages one of the last gasp of a sad campaign that began as a coronation
and will end as a fiasco.
Oh I love it.
If it began as a coronation and will end as a fiasco.
The best talent here is the Illinois branch.
4.5.6.2 AM.
The sports leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
I hope they take the vote.
This is the brain.
The football football football football football.
Any questions?
Maybe you spend a lot of time around other men in the locker room.
In the shower?
Maybe you play to the NBA.
You're retired and you have the need to express yourself.
Nothing says it better than a card.
New from small mark.
The Tim Hardaway collection.
Each card with a built-in chip opens to play a heartfelt message.
I hope they people.
The Tim Hardaway collection features the most offensive thoughts in a lovely package.
Close-minded ignorant sentiments that question was really going on with the singer.
You know how to let it be known?
How to write gay people?
Say it with a card.
When you claim homophobia and protest too much, it's a cry for help and a greeting.
The next time you have an opinion that's inappropriate, but you just have to say it.
Dig a hole for yourself by sending a card from the Tim Hardaway collection.
I hope they people.
From small mark.
When you care enough to make a jackass of yourself.
All right.
It's 111-560, but you can't go forget your say.
It's something along the two to the segment.
It is a board off producer, an idiot, Eric Twerp.
Speaking of Twerp's and idiots and butt suckers, I have an email here.
You'll never guess who it's from.
David.
No.
No an internal email from inside the building.
Oh really?
Yeah.
Think sales hole, leather push.
Pete Reddy.
Yeah, there you go.
What a good guess.
It says good morning with two exclamation points.
Hope you have a good show.
You must have great sucking in our sales meeting Tuesday.
Wow.
In fact, it said Ray Chris Jones.
Remember Chris Jones that he was kissing his ass because Chris got some award for being
some big shot?
Yes.
Thanks for pushing my Coco Asian Grill.
They appreciated it.
Sell them out.
Appreciate it.
What does that mean?
I'm doing him a favor.
Have you seen Ray Fine people bought the advertising on the show and on the station and be
a part of our 50-50 deal, which is coming up in less than an hour?
What does that mean?
Appreciate it.
What a suck hold you, RPD Lenny.
Oh my God.
Jesus.
God almighty.
Is it me?
Yes.
Is that a rhetorical question?
I didn't know if I needed to name it.
What a suck up job that was.
Right.
And then again, there's always.
We could suck up to him and be real nice to him and kisses butt.
Right.
But enjoy your day.
It says, I will as a matter of fact.
I haven't been in this kind of a mood in a long time.
And spite of that guy, David, on my space.
Hey, guess what, David?
Everything's looking great.
The sun is shining.
I got four days of total freedom here.
Now I'm going to go to Woodbine in two o'clock and have me a wonderful time.
Plunge my guts out.
Wind loser draw.
How do you like that?
And just, see, I can understand now.
I never dreamed in my wildest dream.
Oh, and Crazy John says the Lord too, by the way.
Remember Crazy John?
Sure do.
How can I forget it?
Now what's that drop in?
We forget about the meat or whatever that says?
I think it's under little.
Little?
No, it's not.
You're crazy.
Okay.
Little what?
I thought it was under little caboose, but maybe not.
Old caboose.
Old Arnold.
Old fart.
Old Farts in the condo.
Now maybe it's just under caboose.
As in the caboose, as those there it is.
I don't care what mommy says about the meat.
Guys, I'll be keeping on too.
Well, good luck to you, Crazy John.
Hang in there.
It's by the PD Lenny.
Okay, so there you go.
There's my message from PD Lenny.
Try to suck up.
Oh, I have a great day.
And thanks for taking care of my sponsor.
And by the way, as far as Crazy John's concerned,
we love him profusely and wish him all the best.
But there's a lot of other people out there
in business too, PD.
And I just thought I mentioned it in passing.
He never sells any of them on the show.
But that's okay.
He's kind of like a fat boy junior, you know what I mean?
Talks a good game, but he never sells the show.
That's all right.
And by the way, Brian Schmutz held a job on that one account
that you inherited on the show when you came back.
Hella of a job.
They're gone.
Heck of a job there, Brian.
Brian Schmutz ladies and gentlemen, another sales hole.
But we're kicking ass.
We got that building way up there.
And Johnny Joe is all excited about it.
And Chris Jones is winning awards at PD Lenny.
He's sending all kinds of stupid ass butt sucking emails.
All right.
What more could you want?
203 on the sandwich filling.
You know, that's in just the less than an hour, I think.
Right?
Right?
That's not too bad.
In other words, they hate it, but they don't hate as much
as you guys thought they would.
And Chris I'm sure is especially thinking,
what's he putting that pull on there for to make me look bad?
I had no problem with you put it on there.
What?
You can put any pull on there.
You want?
Well, thank you so much.
I you're welcome.
That's very wide of you.
Uh-huh.
Texans appear poised in favor of Republican front runners.
Of course, all of these other stories now are before the big
expose here.
The scandal or the smear or the smear, the queer or whatever
it is about old John McCain.
I think it could only do him some good.
If the public thinks he could actually get it up again, he,
I mean, he's 72 going on 100 easy.
He looks at least 100 without all that grotesque pancake
makeup they smear on his post.
But anyway, that aside.
That aside.
That's right.
And then he gets up and he's him into tagging and they walk
across the room and they embrace and they give that that Italian
kiss on both cheeks like that.
Oh boy.
Like when Michael kiss Frater remember that after I'm a guy,
Mama Crowley only.
And he gave him Fredo in his arms and he looked up and he gave
near that nod.
You know, like, uh-huh.
And then of course, Fredo and Fishing.
Uh-oh.
Anyway, McCain is poised to win over either swillery or
Barack Obama.
According to a brand new Texas folder.
That's only in Texas.
Assuming McCain is the Republican presidential nominee,
52% of the poll respondents said they would vote for him.
44% for Barack Obama.
Swillery does even worse.
55% McCain 42%.
So Obama is 8 points behind.
She's 13.
And nationwide, she's 14 points behind.
I know we had that yesterday.
But let's say it again.
Nationwide Obama's got 52% and she's got 38.
14 point lead.
Huge and growing by the minute by the second.
He's 111 in the row now.
Democrats abroad.
Given victory to him.
How many delegates?
The results are not a surprise.
He's an important director.
Keating Holland said Texas is a pretty red state.
You can say that again.
However, a conservative third party candidate could skew the
results and spell trouble for McCain.
According to polling results in that scenario, 19% of Texas
poll respondents said they'd vote for the third party candidate.
37% for McCain and 41% for Obama.
How do you like that?
If Clinton was an nominee, 23% said they'd vote for the third party
candidate.
37% for McCain and 38% for Swoleory.
Wow.
You hear those sirens out there again?
Yeah.
See, I don't have to worry about what the siren is now.
I started to say before that I never thought at any stage of my
life would be like a parent, you know?
Right?
I have an unofficially adopted child that I do.
And now I'm beginning to realize I would have been a horrible
parent.
I told you that many, many times the worst.
I'm just a drama queen, man.
Because I never realized that there are so many things you can
worry about all day.
You know?
Oh, yeah.
But you know, because you're a parent.
You got two kids and you actually wanted one of them.
As long as I live, I'll never forget that call.
I mean, a horrible, unsanitary apartment in Amsterdam.
And the phone rings and it's George.
Right.
See what you're off base about is in one of the cases in most
of them.
So you acting like you didn't want one of them.
Nobody you ever planned for any of them except for these
people that go into fertility.
But you sure, man, you talk out of both sides of your age.
Not true.
You in first and partly to make up the opposite of everything.
You are mad at me and I went ahead.
I wasn't mad.
I was just strut.
You don't think I was the first time for a decent whole bunch of kids.
You try to correct you.
I just want to let you, that's making me try to correct you.
You raise them once again.
Let me try to correct you once again for the very time.
You don't think I was the first.
I'm not changing anything.
You don't think I was just strut the first time?
Did you know me the first time?
Did you know me the first time?
No.
Well then, how do you know I wasn't strut?
But you have a different strut.
I would have right.
Exactly.
And that's why it doesn't make me unique or different.
That's everybody.
Oh my God.
You were unique.
You couldn't have had to kill me.
But see, things happen and you make the best of them.
And then you wind up realizing that you tricked and making one.
What's original and unique about my situation?
This is how babies are made.
Women trick and men.
How about men tricking men?
Do they?
Anyway, I don't want to delve there.
I don't want to go there.
Oh, but you know what I just said being a father is an awesome responsibility.
And it's just, I don't know.
And by the way, a lot of what.
It doesn't matter how evil your mom is.
And whether or not you were created as a plot device.
That has nothing to do with the kid and whether or not you love them.
Mr. Olden.
Oh, I understand that.
Why do you say you didn't love both your kids?
What did I ever say that?
You imply that?
I don't know.
You are so fraught, man.
When you say things like that.
You wouldn't want to.
You think I would give up anything for my kids.
Oh, Jesus, it's just a joke.
What the hell is wrong with you?
Are you a demitted sore one?
You say things like that on the air.
You think you're doing what it could do with the only kid?
Yeah, that's not me.
That's not me.
Nervous Nella.
I never said it was you.
Okay.
It's a close personal friend of yours, though.
Uh-huh.
Just leave me alone.
Okay, chicken act.
Leave me alone.
I'm doing the best I can.
I went to Batforay to the hell of a job.
You ought to be kissing my kneecaps.
Okay.
Just bug off.
Christ.
What is that guy doing with what I was starting to talk about?
I thought that was a very warm and fuzzy thing that almost may be like human air for a minute.
For a minute.
And then these other people would be so called far other friends of mine who give me a song
and they'd say, oh, no, you've got a sexual attraction there.
I never know.
I do not.
See, let me just tell you one thing.
There's a difference between being affectionate like you are with your kids.
Right?
Right.
You're a hugger and you kiss them while you're working.
The difference between being affectionate with somebody and having a sexual desire for that person.
Now, if there's one thing I can't stand, and this is what really pissed me off about that David Jackass
on my spaces today, is when other people tell me how I feel.
What I think, how I feel, and his utterance, so on.
Well, there is nothing inside your head.
Right, there inside your head.
Now, the other people know what's inside my head.
They don't.
They got a camera in there.
They got one of those little cameras that they stick inside people.
They were either a camera in there.
They sometimes see the things that I'm thinking lately and it wouldn't be too pleased.
Okay?
Don't tell me what I think.
Don't tell me how I feel.
Don't tell me what my motives are.
Okay?
All you experts on old Niel, okay?
But nevertheless, somebody gave me some good advice this morning.
The professor, he said, you know, when your friends piss you off, just ignore them.
Just pretend you know, works for me.
Let it go in one ear and out the other.
Yeah, they get the hit and then they stop that crap.
No, they don't.
Oh.
They're never going to miss out.
In my case, they do.
Well, in my case, they don't, and they never will.
Oh, no, you're wrong.
I saw, I can see how you're so affectionate.
Yeah, well, okay.
Whatever you say.
215 vote on the poll about your favorite sandwich filling, one of the worst, one of the most in beer.
And you know something, even if that, it's better than carrying on the pizza poll for like 600 days, okay?
Tootsie, pussy, pathetic, just pathetic.
You're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you.
You're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you.
I think, for a leader, think, for a leader, think, for a leader, think, for a leader, think, for a gram, I urge everyone to complain to this.
I'm a statistician.
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, I'm a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're
a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're a thing to you, you're A thing to you, you're a thing to you, l b r L f e l s y r z o a s o a d n s o t a n y r o t a c O l l d t c o l d l o t a l o t t, l e n o l y l o t a c o l o t a c o l o t a l l o t a c o l o t t a c o l l l l o t g e o o l l o t g h o n a g o d i s o o l l a l a y o t g o d o l a n a g w p o n l e g w p o n l o n l o l l l l e g w p o n h
You make this one a throwout.
And these sweet people go to broad pasting school.
Your free, you best employees.
Thank you.
Sound like a fuss.
You're a fuss.
You're a fuss.
You're a fuss.
I'm sure Chris can enlighten us on this.
I'm sure everybody out there in RadioLindon is on the edge of their seats waiting for the answer to.
So what's the story with Gildi other than doing the Panther games on TV?
Squeaking through the Apantheir losses.
I have no idea.
See I had such high hopes because you've got your finger on the pulse of these things.
Oh I do.
I thought you always have some inside scoop from this one or that one I don't know who your sources are.
Nor do I want to know them because then I'll say it on the ear and then they'll stop talking to you.
Exactly.
And enjoy the game.
No one has said anything recently about him so.
About Gildi?
See the last time we heard about him he was there auditioning for a job again.
Remember that?
Yep.
He was out there like a vulture just waiting after the Humper was on the way out and after it appeared that maybe I would be on the way out.
I don't know whether I am or I'm not.
Oh I know it's the 21st of February and I show up every day and I'm doing a fine job if you ask me.
And last rating was spectaculant.
Not good.
Not sensational spectaculant.
Outstanding a miracle.
A freaking miracle okay.
Am I right?
What?
Now what is your story?
Are you still looking at your wounds about your kids?
Yes, I'm looking at my wounds.
That's what I'm doing.
Anyway, I never even got to the story about the phone call and answer them which had nothing to do with what you're all defensive about.
Well I had something to do with it but.
You were telling me I don't know did you tell me that during that phone call about the fact that your wife was in the family where was it?
I don't know.
And then he started saying to me well you just keep having a good time.
Enjoy yourself.
It was like a nine-sequator.
I'm like he was talking to an empty phone.
Right.
And then I realized that somebody had walked in and room in the middle of the street.
That's right.
That's what you were telling me.
That's right.
And you were going to me.
Me.
No you were okay.
No you were doing.
I was asking you a very simple question and that's you know what I was saying.
Oh that's right.
You were asking me if I was going to give you a bunch of money and I said no.
Right.
And then that's what happens when I say no.
Yeah.
See because I had done it the summer before.
That's when they started with this.
It was a very simple question.
I mean sorry if I sounded emotional because I was but it was a very simple question.
Do you know how long ago that was?
I don't know how to do this.
I'm sorry if I sounded emotional.
Why are you getting like all defensive in the air?
Yeah.
What's the point?
It was a very simple question that I called you about because I needed to write my future.
Because you need to pay a few things and I have no money for you.
Things change.
So I needed to budget things.
Right.
And I said well don't the sorry to bother you.
I'm not going to be budgeting over here.
I was apologizing for bothering me five years ago or whatever it holds up.
I hate to do that.
You know because I know you got a lot of people bugging and I don't want to be one of them.
A lot of people bugging me for what?
I've never wanted to be someone who bugged you.
Bugged me for what?
For any reason whatsoever.
Oh.
Calling you up bugging you.
I know you don't like to be bugged.
I always talk about my husband.
I always talk about my husband.
That's for damn sure.
That's what I heard.
Although.
Now how are let's see we had to pull on there a little over two hour.
A little over an hour.
One hour.
Oh it's only 11.20 Jesus God.
You know four hours is too long.
230 votes we got on there.
That's I don't know.
That's not too bad.
Is it not great?
It's not spectacular like a paper or plastic.
I'm almost thinking we had to replace that pole too and come up with like a real one.
Oh yeah.
I got one right here.
You do?
No.
You are seriously.
Everybody's got their weakness man and as far as coming up with pole questions that's just not your bag.
It is not.
It is not your saddle.
It's a truffle.
It's a little over the years.
Come up with something new and better than interesting like what's your favorite piece of joint?
Right.
No.
I still can't get over that.
And that's on WIOD.
A station that we worked at for many many years.
There used to be like a really great radio station.
Are you sure?
And now take a look what they've done now but nevertheless.
Don't be knocking into much because they might be knocking on the door again.
Well we sure would love to have Neil.
No they don't.
I'll talk a good game but nobody wants to spend any money.
That's the problem in this business.
The right for your radio is basically finished as we know it.
It's done.
Oh and also I guess what else is it dying on the vine?
Is satellite radio?
Oh I read a piece of it the other day.
Oh man.
Sirius and XN they are losing their ass.
They got re there a hammering a sea of red ink from what I'm reading.
If Howard would take like less than 100 million a year maybe they'd make some money.
How much do you need?
How much does a guy need?
Then you think what's all that money?
Maybe get a nose job or something?
How much money can you spend?
How much can you spend?
I mean if you tried to spend it all before you died when you have that model.
But when you got to feed your ego man that's what that's all about.
Is it a whole ego trip?
I see.
Well here's the details on it straight by Democrats abroad.
There are about 50 votes.
I don't know what it is.
Oh no 20,000.
Barack Obama won the Democrats abroad global primary and results announced today.
They're giving 11 straight wins in the race of the Democratic presidential nominate.
Ooooooo!
The Illinois Senator won the primary which Democrats living in other countries vote by internet, mail,
and in person according to results released by Democrats abroad, an organization sanctioned by the National Party.
Solary has not won a nominated contest since Super Tuesday more than two weeks ago.
More than 20,000 US citizens living in broad voted in the primary which ran from February 5 to February 12th,
a battle won about 65% of the vote.
Voters living in 164 countries cash votes online while ex-papiers voted in person in more than 30 countries, including Canada too by the way.
If I knew that, if I knew I could vote here, I wouldn't have done that.
Not that I need to but why didn't do that?
At hotels in Australia and Costa Rica at a pub in Ireland and at a Starbucks in Thailand they voted.
The results took about a week to tabulate as local committees around the globe gathered ballots.
This really gives Americans an opportunity to participate in Christine Sean Marks.
The International Chair of Democrats abroad, there's no capable primary among Republicans, though the GOP has several contests this weekend,
and US territories including party caucuses and Puerto Rico on Sunday.
You're good friends of the weekends. Now you gotta admit you don't like them.
I've never said anything of the sort nor thought it, and no one can say they've ever heard me say anything like that, or about Mexicans.
The Democrats abroad controls seven French delegates at the party.
The National Convention this summer, however they grant, maybe it's just me, maybe my mind is going, maybe I'm suffering the majority of the election your mind has gone a long time ago.
Oh, okay.
However, the group system of the Vitamin delegates is unique, it could create an anomaly in which your bomb will clean that up with fraction of delegates.
Well, the party will send 14 pledge delegates to the convention each with half a vote.
The primary was used to determine nine people, but the equivalent of four and a half delegates are number one, 2.5, and Clinton one, two.
Two and a half people.
The Democrats abroad will hold a global convention in Vancouver, Canada, and they will select other five people who attend the convention.
This will represent the remaining two and a half votes.
The system creates the possibility that a bomb and Clinton could each end up with an extra half a vote after the convention.
Democratic parties, US territories, use similar systems in which they send twice the number of delegates giving them each half a vote, but their systems are designed to ensure their candidates still end up with fraction of delegates, but unique but a boop of a lot.
Whatever that may, I don't understand the thing I just read.
And that's okay because neither of them is anybody else.
Unless maybe there's some political maven stuff, or I really doubt that.
Well, you know, like some of the people we used to talk to when we took calls.
Let's take some calls today.
Oh, no.
Double-dug-dug.
No.
No.
Ding-dung-dury.
What do you say, Chris?
No.
Okay.
Chris just said no, very loud.
I heard he loves screen calls.
No.
What do you say?
No.
No.
How about it?
Come on.
No.
Yes.
No.
No.
Favorite sandwich, Phil, or let's read this list.
245 votes.
I'm only going to read the ones in double digits.
Cool cuts is only got nine.
Cool cuts.
There's one on there where he's there swaring up a storm.
I don't know if the bleep's there really all that good.
You know what I'm talking about?
I think it's Alka Salsa.
Hey, this is Red Roughen's arm.
No, not that.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Speaking of your friend, PD Lenny, Red Roughen saw my ass.
All that it is.
This is the one.
This is the one.
Yeah.
Alka Salsa.
Has picked out.
Salsa.
Oh, yeah.
What do you say?
How?
Can't.
How?
How?
Alka Salsa.
You want to talk to somebody?
Yeah.
We're doing one talk to him.
Alka Salsa, please.
Good.
My husband.
Oh, yeah.
Let's see him.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I have to listen to that on cue and find out for sure whether I can play her now.
That's the best one because he's doing a lot of swearing on it.
Which he finally caught on.
You know, when somebody cranks you like, say, that's a good thing about some of the people on the area.
You know, they get crank calls and they just, they can't figure it out.
They get punked.
That's one of the things that they thought of.
Like we did our good friend Marty in the world.
Remember that thing?
Oh, you've been punked.
Your good friend Marty in the world.
Oh, yeah.
You're a star.
He knows his new Roger.
He's a sport radio fighter.
He's a QAM.
The fourth leader.
You get a lot of b-
B-
B-
The Roger's a sport radio.
Go, you, you, A-M!
Is your political love life, lifeless?
Is there no candidate who really turns you on?
Then try all new, Baroque site.
The old, natural formula for stronger obasins.
Hillary Clinton does nothing for me.
John McCain left me a little limp.
Then I checked out Baroque site and I had the most incredible obasim.
Baroque sites stimulates both men and women.
I never thought I could have an obasim just watching a man speak.
But then I experienced Baroque sites.
Oh, God.
Baroque site is not a drug.
It's not an earth supplement.
Baroque site simply gives foot for a more intense, more pleasurable political experience.
It had three obasins in one rally.
I felt like I was 18 again.
Now, every time I hear the word change, I need to change my bandit.
Come, join the thousands of satisfied voters who are having amazing obasins thanks to Baroque site.
Baroque site.
It's the big ol' in a way.
1132 at 560.
It's solutions.
It's a choice between a politics that offers more of the same divisions and distractions that didn't work in South Carolina and didn't work in Wisconsin.
And will not work in Texas.
Oh, there's old John McCain.
He's a flappin' in man.
He's flappin' his gums and flappin' his a thing.
Wow.
Barack Obama's campaign team writing a wave of 10-11 straight victories now that we got the Democrats abroad.
In the contest for the Democratic nomination after Winston Wisconsin, Hawaii, and Democrats abroad.
Yesterday, Urge swirled over Clinton to bodily inevitable and accept defeat.
You're out, bitch.
Like you're out, Tom.
Maybe I could help.
Remember that? Of course you do.
You're out.
You're out, Tom.
Obama's campaign manager, David Pooff.
This Mr. Clinton camps hopes to make you come back when the power states of Texas and Ohio hold the primaries on March 4th.
This is a wide, wide lead right now.
Pooff said the conference call reporters.
The Clinton campaign keeps saying the race is essentially tied.
That's just lunacy.
Crazy crap.
Like that.
World is full of crazy crap.
All your kids out there just remember a lot of crazy people running around if you see one run like hell.
Call a police and run like hell.
And probably the police that show up, they might be crazy too.
What's this facts?
Polarity is actually.
Oh, how the luvia are good.
I don't know if they're good, but you know, these days they were.
They've never sent us a good pool. He's a good guy.
Look, considering the pool pool lately.
Yeah, you're right.
Like I said, great pool's Alex.
Now that is the second one is really shocking.
In fact, I'm thinking sandwich filling against that one is, I don't know, tough filling.
That's a tough call.
The first pool, what restaurant chain has got the best desserts?
Now, it does have a choice in that I don't need dessert.
I very rarely eat dessert.
I would like to, but I better not, you know.
Right.
I'll tell you what I do.
What's in a great while, like a banana split?
When's the last time you had a banana split?
I can't even remember.
I think dogs hate that.
I do.
A lot of food.
When looking for a gas station, do you blank?
Look for the closest one.
One with the cheapest price.
Looking for a specific company.
One that has a car wash.
I don't drive a car.
Huh.
There's a great gas station right across from Woodline that's got a car wash.
I run it through there every weekend.
I run it cars squeaky clean right through the old car wash.
For a long time since I was running cars through car washes, let me tell you that.
How about you?
You run your car through the car wash.
I don't know if you got to run a car through the car wash.
Every now and again.
But you know, we have the car wash.
A lot of time you get all that salt on the road.
You know, all that.
Oh, schmutz.
Ooh, not good.
The argument from the Obama camp appears designed to paint Clinton as a nuisance candidate.
Much like my cucklberry was continued to fight for the Republican nomination, even though it's impossible for him to claw back John McCain's leading delegates.
At least it was up until his New York Times scandal.
It got only known what's going to happen now.
I can't you just hear the cucklberry people now.
Oh, hell of a way, the Lord is finally smitten the smote in John McCain.
You'll see.
Am I right?
You just know it.
This comes in a time when Obama and McCain are increasingly taking steps at each other on the stump,
heightening anticipation at the tool face each other in November's presidential election,
and relegating Clinton to a side show.
She ought to be in a side show.
She'd be perfect at the theory, you know what I mean?
At the carnival.
Which in this hopes of upsetting that equation turn on delivering your convincing performance in tonight's Democratic debate,
in Austin, Texas it'll be on CNN by the way, certainly not news network.
And on gaining traction for her argument that she's the best candidate in the time of deepening economic woes,
campaign officials admitted in their own conference calls with reporters.
Clinton unrolled the first out of what a campaign called a harder age to approach the economy,
and a speech in New York and in TV ads which appeal to the night shift workers.
It's time to get real to get real about how we actually win a selection,
and get real about the challenges facing America, she said.
I'm not running for president to put band-aids in our problems.
I'm running to solve them. Right.
The message was aimed at voters at the ailing industrial state of Ohio where Clinton needs to win by commanding margins
if she's to have a chance of a comeback.
You know why I think her chances of winning by commanding margin Ohio are?
Nill and much less than Nill. Nill Nill.
But as the results from Wisconsin and the kids,
she's being deserted by even her most ardent supporters,
the working class voters she'd been banking on, Ohio, and middle-aged white women.
They're saying bye-bye, swillery. Bye-bye, honey.
That's what they're saying.
The Clinton campaign also appears to have miscalculated with the last minute burst of negative ads in Wisconsin.
Her team had accused Obama of plagiarizing his speeches when the Democratic governor Massachusetts devolved Patrick.
But the attacks appeared to have alienated undecideds who turned in big numbers to Obama.
They're sicker her crap.
And then it will Hawaii. He got 76% of the vote.
76 to 24 in the Ohio State where he was born.
I knew like that. 76 to 24.
You know what they call that back where I come from in upstate New York?
Like a good old-fashioned whooping.
And I think some of the people in the station need a good old-fashioned whooping.
You know, a whooping or a whooping.
They got a big leather belt.
A strap.
Just a strap.
Right.
That's right.
As you get it, you have a strap.
I love this strap.
You're the...
No, he didn't get a belt.
Okay.
Well, one time he like a whooping with a belt.
He was a bastard. He was a son of a bitch.
I think it's all a real cold-hearted nasty.
I told you that great line.
There's no such thing as love. It's just a word.
That was the kind of...
In fact, you could have made ice cubes in the kitchen,
not in the refrigerator, just on the floor in my house.
Well, in the living room you could have made ice cubes.
And probably in the bedroom too, but I don't want to think about it.
Oh, well, what a fraud.
I know.
I haven't happened at least twice.
Oh, God. What a horrendous thought that is.
I think they used that.
Hold on the sheet thing.
You like the magic underwear, right?
I wonder if the Mormons do have,
because they generally tend to have lots of babies, don't they?
Like the osmonds in that huge family.
Yes, like 80,000 osmonds.
It's part of the stereotype.
Not necessarily, but yes.
What do you mean by that?
Well, there are exceptions to every rule,
but they tend to enjoy large families.
They tend to make babies like rabbit-sized-bone Muslims.
Man, I got more...
More of a future terrorist in the universe in my building here.
Wow, you wouldn't believe it.
And the women with the full burkas and the whole deal.
I told you that many, many times.
You think I'm joking?
Many Muslims here, just jadeans of them,
including my terrorist cab driver,
who's lesbianese.
Although he's a good Catholic now.
That's one thing about the Catholics, man.
They leave no stone unturned.
There's no part of the world, but they are busy converting
and making people off of the campus.
He's got the rosary beads hanging from the rearview mirror.
I think it's a plastic virgin marionner.
To not plastic Jesus, maybe he's hugging his bets.
No, I don't think so.
No, he's a good Catholic.
Goes to church on Sunday.
That'll get you to have it.
When he feels like it.
When he's there.
He won't even need it.
You don't even need it.
To get you to have it if you go to church.
Look at what he's doing.
There are 65 votes on the sandwich.
Pull.
I think I'm going to change it to one of these other ones.
You want to do that one about the restaurant chain?
I don't want to do about the gas station.
Come on.
In fact, we could actually do what brand of gas do you like best?
Would that be good?
I would like to have gas from the fridge.
That's all we need to do.
How about the glass of the loaded gas?
How come we can't get that anymore?
You know?
I miss those good old days with the loaded gas.
How many years is that?
It's been that many years since also you get full service of the gas station.
Remember those days?
Yeah, what do you do with that?
They check the all-way washer full of the washer window.
They check the oil.
Dip your stick.
They check your dipstick.
Your dipschmit.
Yeah.
I know.
That's what happens when twerk tweaks there goes to the gas station.
And check his dipstick.
Go all over that little hose and over the go.
That's right.
The grease monkey would come out.
Now you've got to pay money to get air.
If there's anything in the world that pisses me off about gas stations,
is having to put a quarter or 50 cents into get air.
Come on people.
Am I right?
Yeah.
What kind of air for nonetheless?
Fussard garbage is that.
Well, they figured out another way to fleece you.
Give me some free, I mean the price of gas, of course, is not so bargain anyway.
And thank you, guys, to President Trump.
Thank you, Mr. Fussard.
Mr. Rodgers, please push for 5.60 QAM.
The force leader.
Oh, good.
This is our way.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
That's the map.
Kelly.
Kelly.
Oh, what do you do with me?
I just came in the...
Hey, you little lizard.
How?
I'm a lizard in the shower.
Why did you take it on the clothes?
I think you ever seen Psycho?
Yeah, but he had his clothes down.
Well, for your information, it helps me feel closer to nature.
He's tap your ass pointing at me.
That's right.
And I'm in a very bad mood.
Yes, I got a fleece, but not...
What?
What?
What?
What?
Would you mind removing your foot from my ears?
It's tap.
And?
And then...
Related.
Not looking to fight Missing Codison too?
Now instead of just bending in this position,
you have any ideas on how we can get out of this field?
Let's try to move.
I'll be a toy leg.
Take this easy, take it easy.
I...
This is going to work.
And it's time to get out of the way.
Wait, I got it.
Let's find my Psycho and roll like a human wheel.
Okay.
Alright, here we are.
I don't fight with...
I said get out of my way.
It's hard in this position.
I know.
The fight.
The fight.
The fight.
The fight.
The fight.
The fight.
It's 14 or 9-5, 60 WQM.
I sure missed the two of them together, man.
It was so cute, weren't they together?
They were.
They were like poison.
Of course, not when he needed everybody.
Well, it was part of the comedy.
Anyway, somebody says, please add chopped liver to the pool.
I would say greeners are kishki, but I usually don't put those in the sandwich.
I can actually see putting kishki in the sandwich,
which means a nice, ripe bread.
Mmm, sure.
The place here that you stayed at the deli...
Well, it's not really a deli anymore, because the gauze took it over.
But you stayed at a good kishki here.
I told you that, but it's long gone.
No more kishki, no more kosher wienies, stuff like that.
That's what happens, man.
Too many gauze in the world, and all that ju-food is vanishing rapidly.
In fact, now you've got to make sure that the food is all halal.
You're always talking about them.
And you're right.
The relationship between semites, the Semitic peoples, and it's true.
Well, sure.
Because the juice got kosher, they are the halal.
It's the same crap.
You've got a different name for your guy.
It's all started this.
Abraham was...
It's all the sad oldomyces, right?
Abraham was one.
A Babylon.
He was in Babylon all the time.
And some people actually believed them, which is crazy.
Oi.
How about Abraham Solomon?
You're granddad.
Too 84 on the pool.
Now we're going to change it again.
And I wonder, I just fact another pool to see Eric's going to be caught off guard.
Is he actually with us, or do they allow the figuring that we already changed the pool once and that's going to be it?
I'm changing it again.
I'm embarrassed by this one about the sandwich filling.
And you ought to be too.
You talk me into it.
Yeah.
What's your favorite sandwich filler?
I mean, Charlie B.
Desperate.
Desperate.
So I'm doing the one about which chain has the best desserts, but Eric don't have it up there yet.
Is he in the window?
Is he with us?
Is he alive?
He's in the window.
How do you know if he's in the window?
What does he have a little name there?
You know, you've been in a chat room at least for a second.
Yeah.
Well, you know, they're going to chat.
Yeah, I have actually.
Well, then you see the list of the people that are in the room with you.
There's nothing more fun than going in a chat room and interfering with other people's nonsense.
I wouldn't know.
And making a mockery of them.
Oh, yeah, it's fun.
The Democratic nomination is now Barack Obama's to lose.
Says Ron Forney.
He says it's panic button time for Clinton.
All right.
After 10 consecutive defeats, which is now 11, including a heartbreaker and Taylor made Wisconsin on Tuesday.
So will we can't win the nomination unless Obama makes a major mistake or her allies reveal something damaging about the Illinois Senator's background?
They'll counter out quite yet, but Wisconsin revealed deep and destructive fractures in the Clinton cold.
In addition, it's panic button time.
Oh, my God.
That explains why Clinton's aides accused of Obama plagiarism for delivering that speech that include words that have been first uttered by a deval Patrick.
The charge boarded on the hypocritical Clinton herself has borrowed Obama's lines and it by itself was unlikely to have an impact on the race.
Clinton claimed Tuesday that reporters not her campaign pushed the plagiarism story line.
That's not true.
It's a freaking lie.
The Clinton camp hopes to produce other instances of rhetorical theft and show a pattern of bad behavior that danger for Obama is anything that undercuts his image as a candidate who rises above politics.
Something like this might work for Clinton's advantage.
Obama's backtracking on a pledge to abide by spending caps in the general election and his explanation is bogus.
Obama is undeniably raw.
Less than four years removed from the Illinois legislature, he stands at the break of the Democratic nomination and will soon go one-on-one in debates with a tough and semi-saddy former first lady like tonight on CNN.
The odds of a misstep are low but not impossible for these reasons.
Clinton will grow increasingly negative.
Obama faces more scrutiny as the new firmrunner.
His performance in multi-candidates debates was uneven, and the Trump Illinois Senator has never faced political crises.
She'd Obama stumble in the next two weeks as he know how to recover.
Clinton certainly knows how to bounce back.
She after-husband Bubba recovered from near-death experiences during his White House run and rebounded herself after a thumping in Iowa.
But a rival is one of the most states, earned the most pledged delegates and has all the momentum.
Swellery needs to win Ohio and Texas March 4th and Pennsylvania Pro-2 narrow Obama's lead among pledged delegates only then.
Could she argue with a straight face that the majority of the nearly 800 free-rowman super-delegates should back her over Obama?
Only one of them can win, and it doesn't look good for her.
The chances of Obama doing something that's going to cause a major problem are about as low as her doing something that will turn it around,
said Democratic strategist Bill Karek, who's not tied to either campaign.
When you start pressing to come back, it's usually the first news behind who makes the mistake.
Ignore the Clinton advisers who argue that Wisconsin was just a bump in the road on route to tell all March 4th primaries.
Listen instead to the message sent by her ragged coalition, Obama led among whites, widely among white men,
moderates in those earning less than 50 grand, all bashings of Clinton's past strength, abandoned Clinton's split among women and racing her one-time advantage.
Demographically, Wisconsin was a warm up for Ohio, nearly 90% of Tuesday's voters were white, about 40% or less than 50,000 a year,
nearly 60% of them have no college degree, and half are over the age of 50 all demographics that had tended to favor switlery.
In a sign of desperation, the Clinton can't throw to the idea of poaching delegates that Obama earned by elections,
while a level under Democratic National Committee rules the tactic would likely divide Democrats along racial lines and set the party back decades.
It would be the ultimate act of selfishness and foolishness, even Clinton must realize as little she can do to win the nomination, she can only help Obama lose it.
She can't win it, he can lose it, got it?
Got it.
Good.
Now let's see if Eric has got the new pull to switch to, or not.
There he is, nice going Eric, he's the best, don't always tell you that and you say, oh no, he's a...
You know that's Chris that always says that.
Oh yeah, that was courtous, I used to say that, wasn't it?
I don't remember.
Yeah, it's a long time ago.
You used to say, we're almost stuck to that time man, pretty soon it's going to be new and we're going to be selling them certificates, we have a lot of pressure man.
I thought the stress was all off now with Paco and Ed Bus, they must be almost halfway to Montreal, I don't know.
I'm feeling some stress about what, about having to go to the bathroom.
Well, who's stopping you?
I think we can look for what?
I'll wait, why is that?
Wait for what? Wait for the break?
Hey listen, yeah, exactly.
Try to pull it off in a timely fashion like my mental errors, my inspiration.
Well, be sure and take some crazy glue along with it because you can pull it off, you won't want to change your mind if you put it back on.
What restaurant had Cheney's got the best desserts? I had it Denny's, I'm sorry, I apologize Alex, but I mean, you know some people are going to like Denny's right?
Denny's had those pies, they're good, they're good.
That's right, those mother humper pies, I forgot.
Those are damn good.
Anyway, here's the final result of our second poll, but once last time we did a triple aheader.
Wow, your favorite sandwich filler, how many votes do we have on that turkey?
292, oh I should have left it go for 300, who cares, you care Chris?
No, do I care? George definitely doesn't care, we know that.
Favorite sandwich filler, cheese steak 32, with onions and, ooh, good stuff.
And better with the cheddar cheese and with the, like, provolone.
Do you agree? I do.
Bacon 30, roast beef 28, roast beast, turkey 18, peanut butter and jelly 18, for go in.
To the salad 17, cheese 17, meatball 16, you shove in your sausages, your meatballs, little wine, cut the crap.
Corn beef 16, ham and cheese 12, barbecue 12, cold cuts 10, chicken salad 10, salami, salami 8, liver worst 8, oh you got it.
I like liver worst, I sure don't.
It's moushy man, I like beef foods, I'll pass.
Like, like, refried beans, for example, anything moushy, ah, ooh, pork six, fried egg six.
I don't like anything that comes out the same way it went in, you know.
Hand five, egg salad five, chorizo five, I love chorizo, but I'm in the sandwich, you know.
Well maybe I would, but I never had no sandwich.
Right, I can't eat that breast, I don't eat sandwiches for.
Chicken four, sloppy Joe's three, well I haven't had sloppy Joe's in a million years.
But they're really that good, I don't think so.
Yeah, fish one, who do I like the fish sandwich? I guess, uh, Mickey D's maybe, huh?
Well, have a lonely one, chop liver none, omelette none and ham salad none.
Well one for Bologna, thank God for that, thank the Lord we got one for Bologna.
Bill O'Neill, how's that new poll coming? Here it is.
Are you adding all these votes together today Chris?
No, oh yeah, we had 300 on the previous one and now 12 so.
What are you talking about?
We had 300 on the poll we just switched.
Yeah, and now we have 12, so up to 312.
And what about the one from yesterday that we finished off we had like 1100.
1100, oh my god, I don't know.
We have 15,000? Yes, oh my god.
One restaurant chain's got the best desserts, here's what we got on there so far.
Denny's, Fridays, Ruby Tuesday's, Cheesecake Factory which is not going to give my vote.
Bedigan's, Chili's, Applebees, Longhorn steakhouse, Roadhouse right on eat dessert.
What restaurant chain, not what restaurant individual like, you know, Bern steakhouse or something like that?
Restaurant chain, are we leaving any off? What about Red Lobster? I like it now but I never had no dessert there.
Yeah, I know opinion.
I guess I'm going to put I don't eat dessert, okay?
I try not to.
I shouldn't.
So, you should know now.
How do you know?
Because you're dying.
How do I live my life?
What do you like that Dave guy?
Right.
Well, the Cheesecake Factory's got eight.
Oh my god.
Woo!
Wow, talk about heavy duty.
It's 1156.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8M.
Tonight on Bravo, James Lipton hosts inside the viral video actors studio.
Our guests tonight created an internet sensation with what they ingested.
Please welcome the two girls from Two Girls One Cup.
Girls, please tell me that in the cup was really just chocolate ice cream.
Oh no, that was real.
It's our ice cream.
We never said it.
Oh god.
Now the questionnaire made famous by the great Bernard Pivo.
I won't ask you what is your favorite curse word because I don't think your mouths could be fivir.
It's the interview you can't bear to watch on inside the viral video actors studio.
Girls, promise me there won't be a sequel.
Okay, 12 to 2 at 560 WQM.
Don't forget George at Gulf Stream tomorrow at 10 to 2 at the finish line casino.
Right?
Correct.
Where George go?
Don't know how many still joisin.
Yes.
He's rejoicing?
Yeah, on the food here, sir.
And the food just came in to what a shame.
Well, that's good.
He's making room for it, I guess.
Foods here, George.
Well, we sold 13 of these cocos.
We got 87 to go.
You know, when you got 100 to sell, man, that's a lot.
And usually when this thing starts, it gets down to like 90 and then it's 75 and it's like that.
But today they're a little bit slow, you know.
Aren't they?
Ah, it's a slow.
But we just started.
So we'll say all goes.
We're stuck on 87.
We got 87.
We're going to know 85.
85, like I said.
There's a pair for you.
There's a nice pair.
The food's there, George.
Now what did they bring?
Are you already doing?
No, no.
PD-Liners are just starting to pull all of it out right now.
Well, PD-Liners in there.
Don't get the thought touches it.
If he touches it, don't eat it.
Okay.
Because in fact, if he puts his lips anywhere, because they've been behind so many...
Correct them.
...accessively, my God, especially Chris Jones.
What a butt-soaker, my God.
That PD-Linning, the worst, the world's worst.
The phone is a $3 bill.
Oh, you're back, the food is there.
Yes it is.
Chris is still me.
PD-Linning is there.
Busy sucking up there.
Everybody, we got 84 left out of 100.
I just give you a nice promo for your thinking Gulf Stream tomorrow.
You're going to be there, tend to two plunging your guts out.
You know what?
Taking contributions from the audience.
Cash contributions accepted in any denomination.
And tips from the crowd.
A road rage incident in East Orange County yesterday morning between two motorists
ended in a high-speed chase and a shootout near an elementary school.
Crazy people with guns again.
All right.
Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies arrested Louis A. Davis 40 and Victor Viltres 44.
Davis was taking his daughter's age of six in love in the school when he started firing in Viltres.
Nobody was injured in the shooting and in a few blocks from Chickasaw Elementary School.
Agency spokesman Deputy Carlos Padilla said Monday, where faces charges of aggravated battery,
charges were not available on the other motorist.
In his report show that sometimes for 8.20 yesterday morning,
Davis was driving his white Honda behind Viltres's blue and white Econoline van on Egan Drive,
just west of Golden Rod Road.
Davis felt the van was going too slow so he tried to pass him, but Viltres has started to speed up.
Both drivers then started racing down Egan Drive, but he said,
when they got to automobile drive, Davis overtook the van.
The driver of the van then re-ended the Honda.
That's when the bull starts to fly in, baby.
Come down, baby.
It's the Florida FNW, my God.
Davis pulled out a gun while his daughters were in the vehicle and started firing rounds at the van.
Viltres pulled out his gun and fired back.
Davis stopped at a home on guard, would drive and drop off his daughters.
He then continued to pursue Viltres to rough the neighborhood.
But he has said Davis spotted the van and started to shoot.
The van then passed into a passing vehicle.
Sheriff's report show that deputy's recovered a 45th caliber,
Taurus, a semi-automatic, and a 30-year-old caliber, Celtic automatic.
Davis and Viltres had valid permits to secure a concealed weapon, but he has said,
the chasing shootout left residents and deputies in shock.
I saw two deputy cruiser speed behind the deputy's yelling,
get in, get in, and sit on the highway.
This was about to drop off her daughter at the school.
Deputy's called the high speed chasing shootout.
Unbelievable.
This is a residential street with pedestrian traffic.
It's a nice neighborhood with kids and families.
But he has said, even in law enforcement, this is shocking to us.
They're all going like that.
What's this?
Facts.
Oh, look at that.
Colors 5 and 6 right now at 800-227-0560,
when a $50 certificate to co-cozation beast during barn for a long time.
Colors 5 and 6 right now at 800-227-0560,
well, that's nice.
Ain't it?
Yep.
Since we usually have no promotional anything on this show, I mean nothing.
I heard Joe they're giving away this, they're giving away that tickets to us.
What's your name?
All that stuff.
You know what's your name?
What?
And what do we get?
We get flea, we get, you know, we got some free food.
How's the food?
Well, tell you what.
Mmm, it's full of food.
82 to go, by the way, we got 100 certificates we started with.
We got 82 co-coz to go.
There's a lot more A1 like I said.
Slowly but surely, you know, that's how you get the job done.
Slowly but surely.
That's what McCain said.
That's how he did it.
Oh, I'm writing on the airplane.
That's how he was doing it while writing on the airplane.
Like George, he's a member of the very high club.
That's right.
Now, how are we going to know?
He's flea going to come writing in and say, okay, we gave away these certificates.
Yes.
And he is?
He will.
Or do you ever do it?
Colors 5 and 6 right now.
I just went and told him you were reading it so he would go over there.
Oh, I see.
Did he come running back yet?
It sounds like you're gagging on the food there, George.
I am eating it.
I mean, I've got trouble.
Don't gag on it.
Chew it.
I'm not.
I'm not.
He's a little gag.
Did he come in there?
Because I don't want to keep reading this if they're already gone.
I'm not coming here yet.
Colors 5 and 6 right now at 800.
227.05.60.
We'll get a 50-hour certificate to Coco's Asian Beast Room bar for Lauderdale.
4 free, 4 zero, 4 zip and he do dot.
And in fact, to push something for free, that's not a good sign.
Not a good sign.
I mean, he's like, maybe nobody's listening to them.
Maybe they're all trying to do it.
It takes time to write down the information for two people.
So, you know, what do you mean by that?
Well, it's giving away two certificates, right?
Yeah.
I'm sure they're already gone.
Yeah.
You're sure?
Positive.
Okay, mark that down.
12-08.
George Rodriguez says I'm sure they're already gone.
Okay.
Just like the certificates we got there, you know what they're gone?
You know what they're gone?
Yeah.
Once they're gone.
Yeah.
We still have 81 left on the website.
Boy.
Woo!
It's going to be a real heavy load to carry today, you know?
It's just one of those things.
It was president's day week.
You know, there's something that has a lot to do with it?
No.
And I do.
I don't.
Oh, and this thing with a Marlon's stadium, my god, if there's anything we don't need.
You know, it's one of those things that's like Rimmer.
We were talking about that yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
Nobody cares about you, Marlon's.
Don't you understand?
Nobody cares.
There's a small, very dedicated core of fans.
If you want to call them that, who come out, they slip out there with their jerseys on,
and with all the other paraphernalia, and with their ball gloves, and they're like, you know.
And that's it.
That's it.
Nobody cares.
If you say you want to go to the Marlon game, you know what they respond?
I don't want.
They don't want to.
How about for free?
We still don't want to.
But they just, they refuse to go away.
They've been threatening to go away for a long time, and they won't do it.
So, you know, they keep begging, they come with their hat in their hand,
which I still don't understand what that means, with their hat in their hand.
Like, like, bigger stuff.
Humble, like humble.
You take your hat off when you want to suck up, you know.
No, that's not what that means.
Isn't sure it is.
Oh.
As my name date, county stand, poised to cast historic votes to grant the Marlon's
alongside new baseball stadium, I'm going to go to the Marlon's website.
Yeah, I'll let Chris, you'll be in charge of that.
Okay, we'll just.
I'll let you keep your fly on it.
All right.
79.
See.
79.
The ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
Let me go to the Harold website.
One moment, I don't know if I can find it.
Where is it?
Oh, there it is.
No, because if something happens, once they vote, it'll be all over the web disaster.
My name is Commissioner Zokestady and plan.
All right.
Now, wouldn't you think that since we're the sports station in for many years,
we were the Marlon's station, and we're supposed to be the big shot sports station,
that's somebody from our staff would have come running in there and said,
breathlessly, oh, here's a bulletin for Neil to read, put it on here,
the Marlon's stadium had been approved.
Now, I got to find it myself.
The plan to build a retractable roof stadium for the Florida Marlins
was approved by the Manly State Commission.
Florida won vote today.
The State County Commission must still approve the proposal of vote
as scheduled for later today by the State County Commission.
And I noticed yesterday, the State Commission is moaning.
They ain't got no money.
Oh, we don't have money for this.
We don't have money for that.
But they got money for a stadium, I guess.
As Miami and the State County stand,
poised a cast to stir a host to Grantham Arland's alongside New Baseball Stadium,
and analized to the deal's financing,
shows that all the club is on the hook for construction overruns.
It would read, bountiful benefits.
Oh, great.
Meanwhile, the cost of the public could increase.
Oh, even better.
County and City Commission are voting on the $525 million
in plan today.
A city Miami already approved it for the one.
Now, keep your eye peeled.
How are we doing on the certificate, 79?
Yes.
The plan which also advocates Miami to build a $94 million parking garage
does not address a critical issue.
How to pay for millions of dollars of infrastructure
improvements to move utilities and improve roadways.
But it sets the revenue stream clear.
Despite being on the hook for a fourth of these $619 million construction job,
the Marlins receive all stadium-generated revenue.
City and County leaders said the infrastructures will be addressed in future agreements,
but some commissioners said they will call for clear answers.
I'm in favor of a stadium, but at the same time I need to know where the money is coming from.
And where it's going said, Miami Commissioner Tomas and Regalato,
who said he will vote no if his questions are an answer.
The article in the hero doesn't say who voted, who is the one that's sending vote yet.
But I'm sure they'll keep updating it out.
I'll be on top of it because our sports crew isn't on top of it, man.
They're like dizzy and lunch.
They're on a two-hour lunch.
Attorneys and economics professors who have seen the contracts say other questions must be explored as well.
For example, they say the $94 million rest of them have built a parking garage,
maybe low.
For another, they question how the marlins would handle construction cost overruns.
They'd mirror Carlos Alvarez's address in state.
Amiss you during a state of the county's free-chance today?
Urging approval and same-a-club can't survive without a new place to play.
The same Alvarez, by the way, was moaning.
We don't have any money in Dave County yesterday, but oh, we got to have the stadium.
Everyone feels like they gave a little more money than they gave a little more than they should have the mayor said.
City and County commissioners expressed tentative support for the $619 million plan crafted by county manager George Burgers,
no relation to Smoky Burgers.
It would build a marlins a parking garage in 37,000 seat, retractable restating with 60 sweets and reed or grass,
virtually to smoke it.
You know, essentially, where the orange bull now stands a little hivanna, the stadium would be ready for opening day in 2011, we should live so long.
There's then a bash, beanhead.
The county would spend $382 million of mostly tourist tax dollars with 50 million coming from bond money,
initially earmarked to renovate the orange bull.
Oh, my God.
Thank God they didn't do that.
The city would spend $94 million on the parking garage, team has agreed to purchase almost all the spaces at a set price for the next 20 years to assume the risk that the garage will be underused.
The city would also pitch in $13 million on stadium costs and $10 million to demolish the orange bull.
And the marlins would be on the hook for $120 million out of pocket, another $35 million they'd have to pay back to county each year in rent payments of $2.3 million.
The marlins and local leaders are proposed building a new stadium numerous times through the years only to see plants fall apart at the last moment.
Those projects were often criticized because they were highly dependent on revenue projections by the club that were reviewed by summons wildly optimistic.
The marlins, despite two world-series championships, have a history of weak attendance.
WAKE attendance. Amen.
Well, there you go.
So, remind me, check the Herald and the Ascension of Website.
Just keep reminding me, over and over.
Okay, for that breaking news.
We're going to do a thing.
The business is out.
The marlins, 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Only in Miami.
Absolute news.
Well, Don I miss was quite delightful, but some folks thought his jokes were spiteful.
He got kicked off the radio.
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho.
Oh my God.
And it seems his career was right now.
That's politically incorrect now.
And management said he had the go.
He said ho, he said ho, he said ho.
Maybe what he did was right.
And it started a media storm.
Even if you're old cranky and white.
Sometimes you've got to conform.
Times back on the air now.
What does anybody really care now?
No.
The moral of the story you know.
Don't say ho, don't say ho, don't say ho.
Well, we're making real problems.
No, the cocos are difficult.
Man, we only got 78 left.
We sold 22.
We were all good.
It's good?
Oh yeah, very good.
Well, thank God for that.
Maybe now the audience knows how good it is.
They'll run under and they'll hop them up like crazy.
They're only 25 bucks.
I'm freaking out.
How did you get this?
They're only 25 bucks.
When you're at 100 in the cell, man, it's a heavy duty chore.
But we'll do it.
We'll work on it.
We'll do the best we can.
Am I right?
Yes.
Just go to wqm.com and click on the Niel Deal and grab it.
Squeeze it.
Buy one.
More than speaking of ho, more than 3,000 current and former Duke LaCrosse players claim in the lawsuit.
They suffer an emotional distress during the prosecution of a false rape allegation.
Attorneys are filing the federal lawsuit today in North Carolina.
Good for them.
But yeah.
Sue their ass, guys.
That nasty, spiteful, hateful, a whole.
They threw the players involved in the lawsuit weren't indicted in the case, but they accused
the University of the city of Durham and others of fraud, abuse, and breach of duty for supporting
the prosecution of the case.
Former D.A. Mike Nyphong, though the prosecution against three players on rape charges, but
stayed prosecutors later clear to many of Andy Wrongdoing and Nyphong was able to disbarred
and resign from Orifice.
So they got a pretty good suit, man.
In fact, I'll take a half.
Whatever they're going to get, won't you?
Yes.
I'll split them up with you.
And his bail leadership.
Yeah.
There you go, honey.
70 and still 78 on there.
I think I'm going to get off that page.
I like Chris keep monitoring that.
Can you handle it?
Sure I can handle it.
Okay.
So what are you guys eating?
I'm eating some sushi right now.
Oh.
And it's great.
I had some pad Thai, I had some chicken on a stick.
What was it?
Chicken Satay.
Chicken Satay.
Satay?
Satay.
Satay.
Satay.
Yeah.
That's good stuff.
And I'm having everything that they're bringing over here.
It's all great.
Excellent thing.
Great.
Yes.
Okay.
We got in the 90 votes on the new pool.
What is this?
Our tenth pool today.
This might kill some really great time talk about mailing it in.
Let's do work about 10 different pools every day.
All right.
What do you think?
Let's do it.
In fact, I realize that that's, you know, a 12 order.
We can't even come up with one good new one anymore because we've done them all over the last 100 years.
But my thinking is this.
We can just go back in the history there and take all the old ones and to do them over again.
And over and over.
And over and over.
It's part of the mailing it in process.
It's not a choice between speeches and solutions.
It's a choice between a politics that offers more of the same divisions and distractions that didn't work in South Carolina and didn't work in Wisconsin.
And will not work in Texas.
Oh, hi.
Oh, hi.
Wow.
Or a new politics of common sense of common purpose of shared sacrifice and shared prosperity.
Anyway, what restaurant change got the best desserts?
Now, this one you've got to admit is by far the best of the three we've had going today.
It's not great.
Thanks, Alex.
I don't eat dessert 37.
Oh, that's leading in.
That's a pretty sad commentary.
And when that's leading nothing on here, yes, it is.
Cheesecake Factory 33, that's really sad.
Maybe I just had a bad experience there.
Maybe it was just bad luck.
You think?
No.
No.
No.
Same thing.
I'm only watching bad experience from them.
I'm thinking just maybe it was a bad day and off day.
No.
Everything was crap.
Cheesecake Factory 33.
I can't think of any other place where we ate this.
Also in the saw rest, there was so great.
I can never think of it.
What was it?
Legal Seafloot?
No, no.
It's all by the cheesecake factory people.
I don't know.
And we ate their last time.
I was down there and it was great.
I know.
It was great.
Longhorn Steakhouse 6, Denny's 6, the output Denny's on there myself because of those
mother hump or pies.
Plus they probably have some other good crap.
Applebee's 5, Chili's 2.
I like Chili's but I just can't, some each Chili's wouldn't be a dessert place.
Would it?
No.
You know who I met at Chili's?
The first time I met him.
I give up.
The one in unsunurized there right near my house.
I can't believe it.
I guess who paid for lunch?
I don't know.
You?
Then against two Fridays to Ruby Tuesday's one in Roadhouse.
None.
Have 94.
Roadhouse isn't that where you threw the peanut shells on the floor or used to win anyone?
Yes you do.
Never been there.
That's good.
Is it good?
What about Houston?
What about Houston?
It's good.
It's good.
It's good.
Solid fair.
Grand Lux Cafe?
That's a Grand Lux Cafe.
Where did you get that from?
Saw Grasslands website?
Wow.
That's the one.
That's the one.
Put that on there.
Grand Lux Cafe.
He's working as he's got his nose to the grindstone because he knows that Torx wants his
job.
Torx?
Yeah.
Okay.
Boy.
I'm not worried about that.
I think that's one thing.
Oh, there's Candy Cowley looking really nasty.
I'm just going to Barack Obama.
Oh my God.
He's telling herself as the candidate of kids.
I think he's stuck her head in the middle of a hurricane.
Wow.
Look at that.
She is a mess and the wind has blown her hair is all around.
If you put the thing.
Looks like she chopped her hair with the scissors.
Not going to make you look.
You're not going to make me look.
No.
Like somebody just took a handful and just chopped her like that.
Wow.
Candy Cowley is looking especially nasty.
Well, she can't help it.
She's a cow.
She just can't help it.
I don't want it to be fat and grotesque.
Who are you to talk, Facer?
That's right.
At least I admit it.
I'm not on TV.
There's no one.
A fashion plate.
What?
There's no one.
That's right.
Takes one to no one.
Just like when I say,
I'm in kind of the same.
Because I'm in my furries.
Believe you me.
We got 78.
Am I right?
I have 75.
75.
All right.
Now we're making a move, baby.
Now we're making a Cocoa Wasteland Bar.
It's a great location.
Harbor Shops in Fort Lauderdale, 1841, Cord over Road.
Right off 17th Street.
Good location.
Excellent food.
What's not to like?
75 left.
We're going to sell them by, well, I don't know.
Next to the road.
I think I got the biggest name.
The best town.
Another logic.
4.25.
6.2.
8.4.
Later.
Meos Oscaros.
Well, that's not an easy choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Baba.
I'm going to have to say the vote wrong.
Actual answer.
Floor exercise.
That wasn't even a choice.
Next issue.
Al Gore.
Favorite Broadway show.
Bringing the noise.
Bringing the funk or cats.
Elidogia as it gets wilder.
Well, John, I know how to say it.
Wrong.
Jackie Jackie Binkamon.
Well, that's a very difficult choice.
Wrong.
Tiki Baba.
I'm going to have to say rent.
Not a choice.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I'm going to have to say rent.
I want to.
The Marlins hope to be in their new home by opening day 2011, though City County and
Team Representatives must still negotiate the fine points to some issues such as
the maintenance and construction.
Today's rent agreement represents a huge milestone in the ball clubs quest for a modern
baseball-specific facility.
If County leaders this afternoon also prove to plan pre-construction design and site
preparation work will likely begin in the coming months.
It's been quite a road to this day, Marlins president David Sampson told City Commissioners
and it's true sometimes what they say in the movies that dreams can come true for families
and fans.
Oh my God.
David Sampson.
David Sampson.
Yeah, it could happen to you.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
We did it.
Oh my gosh.
You fair it right.
And here you go.
Looks very promising.
It says County Commission is going to get you know in on the thing and here we go.
We love the Marlins.
Nobody cares.
But that's what's helpful to specialize in is building all these venues for teams that
nobody cares about that nobody wants to see play stuff like that like the Panthers
and like you and my basketball even though they won that game last night and like the
Marlins which nobody cares.
I mean you want to go to where the Orange Bowl was is anybody really want to go there
and talk to me.
No, I'm not talking about you.
How about Chris Listened Dave County.
Yeah, I still don't want to go there.
Really?
Not that end of it.
No.
What do you mean by that?
He was done in the end result.
We're new year.
What part of Dave County?
Uh, just off of the falls.
Oh, well you live way down your own or way down there.
Uh huh.
George is right in the as well.
I like the falls.
I mean at least I used to 100 years ago when I was there.
That's very nice.
It is.
We're good because I'm hearing about all these different places that are closing down.
And pretty soon it'll be the Rascal House will close.
It wasn't bad enough on quirky shut their doors.
Their last one.
That wasn't bad enough.
Or when the deli then isn't the deli then out of business.
You oughta know it's in Hollywood.
Who was?
What about it?
Is it gone?
I don't know.
Once it's gone.
It's gone.
Right.
And now coming in April the Rascal House.
What are we going to do with the Rascal House?
Well, probably most of their customers would be dead by now I think.
Well, me, right?
It should be.
A lot of restaurant chains got the best desserts.
I don't eat dessert 49.
Cheesecake factory 40.
Holy cow.
Man, oh man.
And that is that's enough to make me do the Hershey squirts.
Then he's eight Longhorn Steakhouse six Applebee's five Fridays three
Chili's two Benagans two Ruby Tuesday's two Grandlox Cafe one.
I don't know what Enroute House none.
See this is a South Florida thing.
Because they give you gigantic portions.
Therefore, you know, therefore must be better.
You get more for your money.
Even though the food may be marginal at best.
The energy shirts.
All her flies have enrolled it and tripled the ban.
All right.
Roadhouse, will my have you ever eaten there?
Roadhouse is you said it was good.
Yeah, we go all the time.
We live right by one.
Did you have dessert?
I don't recall Alice.
I hate to break the news, but I think this pool is going over like
lots of balls in Saudi Arabia.
Not that great because people don't eat desserts.
That's why it's leading on the pool.
Who eats desserts?
Okay.
What about you, Chris?
I'm sure you eat dessert.
Yeah, I'll eat it all the time.
Well, fat people tend to eat just gigantic portions
during the meal.
Say, oh, I'm not going to eat dessert.
I'll pass on it every evening like a 4,000 calorie meal.
With a whole bunch of stuff,
like appetizers on top of it.
But if you have room for the banana split,
there's one place here that's got a really great banana split.
Oh my God.
What am I talking about that for?
And you know the good part of it is?
What?
The good part for me is that at 2 o'clock,
I'm hopping in that car and heading for wood buying.
Boy.
And that great, which means I'm not going to eat it in a split.
They don't have any banana splits.
Well, that's good.
You might live on the jockeys through the splits.
I'll tell you one thing, man, about the jockeys.
I don't know what that says.
Is it because they're Latino?
That's so many of them are.
It looks so good.
My God.
Midgics.
They're midgics.
They're cute little midgics, the jockeys.
Although Justin's dying,
I don't think is like Hispanic.
Hey, Justin.
But anyway, 119 on the pool.
On our, I can't even keep track anymore.
How are we doing?
I know is a certificate, man.
73.
Oh, look at that.
You see the soul, man.
You need to even tell me about it.
Somebody slipped one by there and you didn't even,
you can just jump right in and say,
oh, we can do another one.
I would say that this is the slowest we've ever done in those.
No, I don't know.
It's not.
No, we haven't sold out yet.
We don't want to talk about that.
We do.
We have a couple.
Yeah.
One, one is one of mine and one is one of yours, I believe.
I don't remember.
Yeah, remember that far back.
Yeah.
The 2008 presidential race must be an incredibly welcome
development for George Bush and his White House.
That's because the American body politic can only really focus on one thing at a time.
And so there's little time for anything else aside from the madcap addict.
So, Gilligan, the skipper, the millionaire and his wife, the movie star, the professor
and Mary Ann, and the rest.
Some liberal blogs in right wing talk radio are lined up in circular firing squads, and
the op-ed comments have trained their firing Hillary's lonely tear-gruffs are barracks
church of the poison mind.
While no one was looking, the economy knows dive, gas prices have soared.
Thank you again, Mr. President.
The war in Iraq is unpopular.
Several of some have been lying.
It's still on the loose.
And so, while none of us were paying attention, our 43rd president just had a major milestone.
He's the most unpopular president recorded American history.
All right.
All right.
All right.
Worse than Richard Nixon days before he was on this race during Watergate, worse than
Jimmy Carter during the Rand Haashtag's crisis, much worse than Bill Clinton when he was
impeached.
Just as Roger Vanister raced through what once seen the unreachable form in a mile,
Bush has burst through a barrier once also thought impossible below the 20% mark.
Not exciting?
Yeah.
George W. Bush's overall job of approval rating has dropped to a new low in American research
groups polling as 78% of Americans say the national economy is getting worse, and among
all Americans 19% of approval of the way Bush is handling his job, 77% of his approval.
When it comes to Bush's handling in the economy, 14% have proven 79% disapproved.
Says this is just mind-blowing.
How does it compare to other presidents?
There is no comparison.
Nixon, as he was founded out of office August 74, never did below the mid-20s.
Clinton, low 36%, George Herbert Walker, Bush, low 29%, Reagan, low 35%, Carter, low 28,
Ford, low 37, Nixon, low 23, Johnson, low 35.
Lowest ever before now would be Harry Truman during the Korean War, February 52 at 22%
and now George W. Bush has shattered a record that stood for 55 long years, 19% at a
boy W.
What's the biggest name you don't ask?
It's George W.
It's Neil Rogers, sport radio 5.
60 QAM, B, sports leader, and say cheese.
If your party's next taste like hell, this year at Christmas serve cheeses of Nazareth.
Your guests will say holy cow when they bite into these sinful, erich treats, and
cheeses of Nazareth come into variety of flavors from alapenio to alaluia.
Get the snack he would have liked, and the taste worth paying for cheeses of Nazareth.
It's your salvation this Christmas.
There's a cheeses of Nazareth shop on business loop 80 right next to Chrysler almighty
in Morders.
Look at that.
We're down to 70 certificates on it.
What do you all worry about?
Cocoa Ways and Beasts are in bar in 4-1-1.
We're down to 70 to food is sensational according to George and Chris.
Yes it is.
They know their stuff.
And here's an email on my my space from Bill and Bill Sourna who Bill is.
Bill says George is beginning awfully surly and impatient with you related.
It seems like he has one of these meltdowns every day about something.
I think it's time to cut him out of the will.
Says Bill.
Take it, Bill.
How do you like that?
This is another example.
He wants to be like David Jr.
Everybody's giving me advice.
How to run my life.
How to do this.
What to do in my will.
I like that.
You're having another meltdown today?
Oh everybody.
You know about a panty meltdown.
I'm just I'm just in a constant state of melting.
I do have a good panty meltdown.
I'm ready to get one of those in.
No chew?
Yeah but don't.
The onions and rye bread.
Oh yeah.
As long as it isn't too crispy, too crunchy.
What's wrong with that?
Well you don't want that like the you know like too so hard that you have a crunch down
through it.
Oh no I'm not like that.
No sandwich is supposed to be like crunchy whoever heard of a crunchy sandwich.
Sometimes they cook them too much around the edges there and you got to cut it out.
But I like that the way it's like I'll burnt a little around the edges.
It's like a steak.
You know we're like you can fight through it.
You know where the fat is burnt on the edges around the edge.
Oh my god.
And it had a peppercorn chaashem.
In fact what restaurant has the best peppercorns on their desserts?
Mr. Ego probably has the answer tonight.
Mr. peppercorn.
144 votes on our 18th poll of the day.
There's my couple of them.
That's how we do it in Arkansas.
The only thing about Texas is this is a highway.
He's looking to a place on every count.
But this election system years takes a cake.
Texas is the only place in America where you can vote twice in the same election without
going to jail.
He's looking really bad and speed looking bad.
You thought the Numb.
Andy Cali man she is looking like more grotesque than ever.
What are they doing to that poor lady?
My god.
Look at the desert.
Her hair and it's not even even on the right side.
It's about too much longer than her on the other side.
And look at Bill Smith.
Well I have a big political science so maybe that'll help.
Yes.
President former president Clinton is exactly right.
You can vote twice.
In fact, I want you to vote twice here in Texas.
You vote once in the primary which you can do as much as two weeks before primary
day in advance by going to a polling place or go there on primary day.
And once you voted in the primary and only if you voted in the primary, then on primary
night you can go to a caucus meeting.
Great.
I can't wait.
Let's go to Texas and go to a caucus not.
Want to refund from Toshiba now that it's pulled a plug on its own format.
Good luck.
So, HD DVD, early adopters think you deserve a refund now that Toshiba's got the format
question mark.
Think again.
ValleyWag reports that the company and big time HD DVD backer won't be accepting refund
requests although it will continue to support existing HD DVD players.
There's nothing wrong with the products.
We aren't accepting refund returns from customers.
Customers understood that there were two competing formats.
Understood that one of them would probably prevail.
They lost end of story.
That's it.
Take a gamble.
It's like the track tomorrow.
You know, maybe there's like eight horses running in the first race and you bet on
one of them while seven to seven of them are going to lose.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Not a shock but universal one that had made it official to the studio.
The only one who exclusively support HD DVD from the beginning announced that it'll
start turning out Blu-ray versions of its new releases and catalog titles.
No more than how long it will continue to press HD DVD discs.
That movie's Permanent Remorks is the final HD DVD only studios.
Neither movie has made any official announcement but expect that to change shortly as well.
Blu-ray baby.
Blu-ray.
To a total of a devil ray.
How about Tampa Bay devil rays?
What about them?
Let's build a messania.
We love the marlins.
Let's spend some bucks because the attendance really sucks.
I mean, it's just a joke.
It's like a sick joke.
Building, spending more and more taxpayer money on stuff that the public doesn't care about.
They have no interest.
You're trying to sell Chuck Liver to people from India.
How do you vote on deck?
Well, I check the hero.
Now, don't you think it's disgraceful?
What?
When you stop and think, of course we don't care the marlin games anymore.
So it's kind of like, oh, well, we don't care about the marlins on his station.
I mean, we're supposed to be a sports station.
How come we didn't have somebody at the city commission meeting and wanted the county commission
meeting to give a live report so as soon as they had the vote they could have called
in and said, hey, guess what?
As opposed to my having to go on a website of my own volition here.
I don't know.
I mean, how embarrassing would that be?
Not to have it on the air.
Not to be first, which I'm sure it would work.
Clarence?
Well, he's busy probably having like a three hour lunch right now.
He can't be bothered with that.
He's probably still all bubbled up from last night's U.M.
The Kings, the Kings.
Oh, Jojo.
Perfect acting sucks, okay?
Did you hear that tape of that last few seconds at the game?
Do we have that?
Yeah, we did.
Let me find it.
Just histionics, man.
Histionics.
Historical.
Even worse than when the dolphins won their one game of the season over time.
Even more embarrassing than that.
Just screaming and carrying it.
And Clarence said, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Like that.
Yeah, who do you learn that from?
Yeah, I know.
Jojo and Jo.
Oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my, oh, my.
Did you find it yet?
Audio vault is still loading everything through.
What do you mean by that?
Well, it's in, you know, it's in the Canes Highlight bin.
So I have to search through it so I can come to a room.
Canes Highlight bin?
Yeah.
It's in the Canes Highlight bin?
Or, like, oh, my God, in the toilet somewhere where it belongs.
You'll find it and we'll play it.
And then people will sit in an amusement all brother.
First time in 45 years they'd be douche, douche.
Yeah, and guess what?
And nobody still cares.
Oh, you're wrong, Neil.
Everybody in town's buzzard about it.
All the way.
Hey, Jojo.
86.82.
1.6 seconds per day.
Signor, with a baseball pass, it's deflected away.
Nelson throws it up at the buzzard.
It goes in, finally it's been through.
Finally it's been through.
The Hurricanes have defeated the Blue Devils.
And it's not the stands turning the court.
It's a Hurricanes player going into the stands.
It's 96.95.
Mighty wins by 1 at the thank you, United Terror.
In portal tables.
The Hurricanes have defeated two.
You can leave it.
Well, that's not the type of parents on it.
Oh, it's not.
No, nobody find that one.
You never even find that one.
It's even more.
It's before that.
It's a little bit before that.
Out of control, Jozy.
Out of control.
Just totally spastic out of control.
As wrote test, is anything you could ever hear in the guy
and the guys of a sports play by play.
I mean, just gruesome.
And this market, man, for whatever reason,
they got this love, this obsession.
Of course, the Clarencer, he's like attached to Jozy's ass.
I mean, they're joined into hip.
Oh, he taught me everything I know.
Well, yeah, that's obvious.
Ain't much.
159 votes on it.
What restaurant's got the best desserts?
I think it's another bad pool.
I don't think there are any more good polls.
Let's go back and do a mile over again.
OK?
In fact, let me do that anyway.
What?
My son of mine been doing.
When Neil goes on another one of his frequent vacations,
what do you want to hear?
That was the first pool we took.
How do you like that?
I like it.
And it says the results will be posted soon.
Doesn't even have any results on that pool.
Wow.
I wonder what that is.
Oh, boy.
Has Wayne done it again?
What do you think about the Macarena?
Oh, boy.
Let's set about that to better.
We don't want to alienate the Wayne Meister.
We don't want to do that.
And now that we got the dolphins back, the dolphins,
if you were the victim of circumcision
gone wrong, what would you rather be raised as?
Girl, a penicillus boy.
We had 44 hosts on that pool.
Really?
That's all we had.
Let me.
Who has hassled you more in your life?
Hasled spelled wrong.
Cops are junkies.
Cops win hands down your pants.
Who gets more ass?
Seminole's are gators.
31 of peace tied.
62 votes we had.
We didn't get a lot of hosts back in the day on these pools.
That wasn't one that I took.
What?
Seminoles are gators.
And how come the Keynes are now in there?
The Keynes are all ass.
Last time I checked.
The King of the Nook.
The King of the Nook.
He is, seriously.
You know, the only reason that he was ever on the first place
is because he was Hank's buddy, which, yeah, you know,
how that goes.
But what is that all about?
What is the, how can anybody justify it and suggest it?
That is like, for real, you know, Israel.
My turn to watch is inside a seven minutes.
The blue devils are coming with a furious rally.
Why, he can't play scared.
Gotta stay aggressive.
73 to 62.
You think the guy will call.
As very as he thinks down low.
Go!
Go!
Do the right side.
Oh my goodness gracious.
Hey, thunder and duck.
Bydwaying Collins.
75, 62.
Now, was that right?
No.
There is just nothing left to say, you know, nothing left.
It speaks for itself.
That was a big win yesterday.
How big you pardon?
You heard me.
That was a big win yesterday.
Let me say it again.
Virtually nobody cares.
Virtually nobody cares, okay?
You care?
You care you watch again.
I don't care.
I don't care Georgia.
See, there's already 67% and 2 thirds.
Don't care.
Never will care.
Never did care.
And you want to know why?
Why?
I don't know.
Because I didn't go to school there and I did broadcast the baseball games for six years
into the spectacular job I will say.
And I was a very big hurricane baseball router.
But now that I'm not doing it anymore, I don't give a crap.
I don't care.
And you want to know why?
Why?
I don't know.
How we do an honest certificate?
We had 70.
What do we got now?
68.
All right.
See, slowly maturely gets the job done.
We'll be down to 67 before you know it.
Boy, it's the one to two hour.
Senator Larry Craig was arrested in an airport bathroom.
The Idaho Senator later pleaded guilty to disorderly, closeted homosexual.
So what happened in that men's room?
Well, Matt, I tried to take it in my seat and it was a very, very big, you knew what
you were doing.
It's clearly on the tape, Matt, what I said and how I react.
The tape he's referring to was recorded in a men's room.
So they were in my hands, okay?
Spread my legs.
Yes.
Now take it.
Soliciting anonymous sex.
Guilty.
You heard my voice.
And so that tape is the proofs.
And he jerked me out.
No.
Yes.
And I'm going, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, let me stop you for a piece of you.
Finally, I began to f*** the gentleman.
You f*** this undercover officer.
Yes.
I call it gladiator politics.
Senator, I traveled the gay bars in Washington.
Soliciting gay sex.
Absolutely.
Resign, Senator.
What?
You should resign.
I won't resign.
Go away.
No.
Go away.
One star was a senator who was caught indulging a habit.
Who got wrong, not much different like a typical meocompanic.
It's up to Larry.
We all thank you, Lou.
For giving right to something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you both eye-eye-howson.
Larry cracked my roof or tapping your shoe.
You stole me slash the new day.
But you are used to go away.
We public ends up crying.
I really did.
Today.
It's up to Larry.
We're cheating the bar.
We all invite you to give a lot of hearts.
The meal gone right by.
You will serve to go eye-eye-howson.
Larry's taking no time when he's having issues.
Gay, gay, gay.
I never have been gay.
Gay, gay, gay.
I never have been gay.
Hats off to Larry.
He wants to stay.
But his own hiding wants him to go away.
The religious right wants him to stay.
Larry cracked his roof, legs for you.
He wants a man to scream.
And then he dies will do.
Rackdom, hell, it damn their kill them.
That's for Dell Shannon, by the way.
Hats off to Larry.
Hey Dell, he's dead.
I wonder what that was all about.
Do we ever find out why people blow their brains out?
Like what's his name?
From family feud.
Was it a little guy's name?
Colms.
Sherlock Holmes?
Yes.
Alan Holmes wasn't it?
No, not Alan Holmes.
That's something.
What was his name?
Something.
I thought it was Colms or something like that.
You're right, but I can't think of what his first name was.
That's bad.
Bill.
I don't know.
Not Bill.
Bob Billy Bob.
He had issues.
John Ty.
What they always say.
He wanted to be the next Johnny Carson.
And you can even be the next Richard Dawson.
Holmes?
I don't think his name was Holmes.
Colms?
That's what he kind of was.
I was not making that.
What a team man.
You see that this guy, this Bill, is giving a song.
Well, George is a really out of the story.
Absolutely.
And every day he's, what was the line he said about you?
I'm going to know that every day.
I'm going to know that every day.
I'm going to know that.
What's your name?
I'm Bill.
Hey, Bill.
Well, first you can test with David and St. Petersburg.
The two of you can come into the arena.
Okay.
Start a club.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
I have no life.
No, that's right.
Professional Yanta's.
Yanta's anonymous.
Oive join Y-A.
And then you can move in like some of our legs and be a real professional Yanta.
Or maybe cemetery villains would be good.
Don't forget to join George this Friday, my Yana.
Attend it too.
See, how are we doing with those certificates, by the way?
Not good?
68.
Still?
64.
64.
Now we're talking.
Well, there's the new poll in the, not a new poll, Texas.
Clinton 50, Obama 48.
Neckonet knows.
Almost even, Stephen.
So we got 64 left.
Well, that's okay.
We're doing the best we can.
It means we sold 36.
It's wrong with that.
Nothing.
Anyway, George will be at the, uh,
the finish line casino tomorrow at 10 o'clock on the first floor of Gulf Stream.
So go there and plunge your guts out, bring a big bag of money, bring a briefcase,
follow like small bills or big bills.
Come enjoy live racing, samolcastian slots while George learns the, uh,
betting ropes for the horses and get ready for the big race on Sunday,
the $350,000 fountain of youth stakes at Gulf Stream.
Hello, Neil.
What are we going to do when they close down the Rascal House?
I think that's it.
I thought, like I said before, I thought when they closed the door on corkies,
um, the last corkies that was the end.
But once they closed the door on the Rascal House, man, it's going to be finito.
Oh, baby, that's it.
Bye-bye.
All the places that used to be, you know, every time I come down there for a weekend,
or for as long as I can handle it, and you look around like,
well, what happened here?
What happened to this place?
Gone.
You know what I mean?
Everything's out of business.
On February 11th, the Pentagon announced it would be trying six-one,
six-one ton of detainees for war crimes, and seeking the death penalty.
Oh, I'm getting choked up on the Rascal House.
I'll be all right.
However, according to Rust Tuttle of the Nation, the trials are rigged from the start.
Telled an interview, Kurtle, at Morris Davis, the former Chief Prosecutor for the Military Commissions,
who resigned last fall, calling the system deeply politicized.
Davis has suggested that the cases have been tried in 2008,
purely because of the presidential election.
Davis told Tuttle that in 2005,
Pentagon General Counsel William Haynes said to him,
we can't have acquittals.
If we've been holding these guys for so long, how can we explain letting them off?
We can't have acquittals, so we have to have convictions.
The Nuremberg trials after WW2, which offer the main press and deferred to any Guantanamo proceedings,
resulted in a number of acquittals, and this was important to the perception that justice had been done.
Davis and others fear that with the possibility of acquittals to rule out any Guantanamo trial will be seen as a sham.
Remember Sam the Sham?
Sure, and the Ferries.
Got it ready yet.
However, it seems likely that even if any of the defends were acquitted for lack of evidence, they would not be released.
Let me read that again.
It seems likely that even if any of the defends are acquitted for lack of evidence, they will not be released.
At a March 21, 2002 defense department briefing describing the plans for military commissions,
Haines was asked that these procedures guarantee that if a defendant is acquitted, that the defendant will be set free,
Haines responded, if we had a trial right this minute, it's conceivable that somebody could be tried and acquitted of that charge, but may not necessarily be released.
The people that we are detaining, for example, in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, are enemy combatants that were captured on the battlefield, seeking the harm US soldiers were allies,
and they are dangerous people, they are evil doers.
The people that we hold now in Guantanamo are held for a specific reason.
There is not tied specifically to any particular crime.
We just looked at them and said, you are dangerous man, you are dangerous.
Right?
Right.
Speaking of dangerous, that Jack asked Bill O'Riley's at it again, and Keith O'Riley was all over him like Stinkheim Joyce last night.
I don't really want to go into a lynching party against Michelle Obama unless there is evidence hard facts that say this is how the woman really feels or why they said.
In the discussion of recent comments made by Michelle Obama, Bill O'Riley took a call from a listener who stated that according to a friend who had knowledge of her, Obama is a very angry person that were a militant woman.
O'Riley later stated, I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelle Obama unless there is evidence hard facts that say this is how the woman really feels.
If that's how she really feels that America is a bad country or a flawed nation, whatever, the next legit will track it down.
And then we'll go on a lynching party, I guess that's why you automatically assume after that.
He's just a crazy person and a bunch of other crazy people watch him. I'm Fox fake news.
I wouldn't waste any more time with that crap, would you? No.
He's doing a hell of a job on the South Florida radio, he's still got a share of it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hell of a job.
By the way, speaking of other stations, Norma can't still have, I've got no word. I just thought it up to you on that.
All right.
Here's the update from Norma, okay?
Nothing.
What do you mean we're about to get in Tommy Davis's autograph for Joe Bell?
That's it since a good deal.
Sheriff's deputies arrested two camera men, photographing Britney Spears at a hair salon and two other photographers outside a printing nightclub in a crackdown that follows a year,
a frenzy paparazzi swarming around the troubled pop star and other celebrities. Those Dan paparazzi, man.
All four men were arrested for misdemeanor violations of obstructing a public walkway and released with citations, LA County Sheriff's Department spokesman Steve Whitmore said yesterday.
A photographer's David Tonneson and Christian Shostyle were arrested around 750 p.m. Tuesday in front of West Hollywood's B2V hair salon where 50 paparazzi try to get Shostles spears.
Oh!
The two men did not comply with deputies' request to get their lost. They were repeatedly entered a disemble in front of the inferences and they were obstructing traffic as well going into the street.
About 130 a.m. Wednesday in front of the nearby fellow nightclub deputies arrested photographers Christopher Gonzalez and Van Rauch, who were there along with 20 other photographers on the sidewalk with more said.
The celebrity news website TMZ.com reported that Lindsay Lohan was at the club. Oh my god, that explains it.
It's a crazy world full of crazy people. That's all I can tell you. It's not a bulletin, but it's just a lot of people don't realize that.
They think this is the way it's supposed to be like in a sale world. Well, they got used to it. Shostles and Gonzalez, who both worked for TMZ, were fine after the arrest. TMZ Managing Editor Harvey Levin told the Associated Press.
Levin said Shostles was held in the Sheriff's car for an hour then released and Gonzalez would detain for six hours at the West Hollywood Sheriff's Station, Levin lives at a deputies broke one of the men's cameras.
They were a little mystified, Levin said these are people instructed not to chase and they don't. For better or worse, the Sheriff Department want to make examples of them.
We've been saying for a long time that long force men needs to crack down that they've closed their eyes to a lot of dangerous things happening Levin said. The danger is blowing lights, running people off the road. This was not one of those situations.
He said it was kind of bizarre that for a while, other than watching these chases and this is their first stand.
You got to draw a line of sand somewhere. You got to draw a line of sand and take your stand for your man. Right? Right. Whatever.
So the food was really good. That's excellent. We got no certificates. We got like comedy, 64-3.
63, you see that? Slowly, but surely it's like the sand through the hourglass.
The boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are boys are
boys are boys
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet!
Hey, those were lying in public.
They are going to have to go to the toilet but they are peeing everywhere!
I'm going to have to go to the toilet but they are going to kill her!
All righty, APPLAUSE!
I don't know, but the truth is I want to have a shot
I don't know if Supper could be put in the toilet
One more time.
208 on there. There's a lot of interesting little things. Probably most people don't even
get the little nuances in a lot of those bits, you know, like one more time.
Right. And maybe anybody with a brain IQ or dream in the world.
We do it for them. For whom? For whom the Velto's? Right.
By the way, a twerk tweak if you're in the building when you hear that sound.
Hello, warning. It's like that's the problem. That's too predictable.
What? Playing the same thing every day.
How about just like that? Oh, in other words, we got to play something different every day.
He can't handle that. Don't you understand? I think it catches him off balance.
He's getting there. We got it, you know, we're training him.
Are you really?
Potty training him good. Might be very pleased to know that the bus trip to Montreal is going very good.
I am pleased to know. Are you?
Well, it's nice to get a response. That's good.
Like I said, this art of parenting, man. It's a...
Who would have... Who would have thought it?
No, I never would have.
Although I've always thought you would be a good parent.
I would not.
Listen, listen, listen. The fact that you're a nervous nelly shows that you are concerned.
Yes. And the first thing that you got to be to be a good parent is you got to give a crap.
Well, when it comes to all the concern. Yeah.
I don't want to laugh.
Well, I don't want all the angst in the stress. That's what it said, what you inherit.
When you adopt this... There is no question. There is no question.
Wow.
Castro and the Colossus are called by Robert Scheer.
Robert Scheer is so good to be with the LA Times, obviously.
This is from truthdig.com.
He says the resignation to the del Castro is more promising for the burnishing of his legacy than the most septal engineering Cuban hardliners and viming their falling allies in the busier administration would like to believe.
After all, Mao Zitong is still honored and coming to China.
The fastest-going capitalist power in the world.
And former KGB agent Vladimir Poonfang is at least for now a very popular elected Russian leader.
Those hoping for a freedom-float till of Cuban exiles returning to Rumiak of End of the Image of 1959,
threatening the very future Las Vegas with legalized prostitutes as well as gambling are likely to be disappointed.
Ozzarda Castro's success is beginning with his rhetoric weary brother.
The latter is likely to finally get serious after decades of pitfall starts in reversals about any grip of a more advanced stateist economy.
Reform leading significantly down the path of the Chinese model or more appropriately than of Venezuela which has thrown a lifeline to the alien Cuban economy is more than likely than subnaut people.
But those changes will come too late to justify the suffering of the Cuban people for half a century at the ends of a revolutionary as arrogant as he is idealistic,
who witnessed his vision flounder on the rocks of an incredibly cynical U.S. policy.
Primary responsibility for that suffering does go to the colossus of the North which in the pursuit of economic exploitation and Cold War paranoia consistently prefer Latin American dictatorships,
the serious experiments in popular rule and strangle the Cuban economy within embargo in place for almost five decades since Castro dared move against the U.S. corporations that claimed to own much of the island.
If Castro had attempted to listen to the better angels of his further imagination,
pursued the path of democratic socialism rather than communist dictatorship, his effort most likely would have been subverted by the CIA as well as the case throughout the world,
but would have been an effort worth making though.
That was the promise of Castro's famous Montata speech offered when he was a jail-going revolutionary dreaming of genuine populist power.
And even he must have doubts as to whether as he predicted back then history will absolve me for the price paid in an individual freedom for the revolutionist's survival and power.
Not that the U.S. was likely to easily accommodate any popular changes have been shown by historical reaction of Venezuela's finally sharing some of the oil loot with the poor.
The figure of head out Castro's Cuban Revolutionary Provided Democratic Socialist alternative was sealed by the decision of John F. Kennedy that inexplicable hero of American liberalism to invade an island that posed no threat to the U.S.
The U.S. had backed the brutal dictatorship of Polhensio Batista and the Kennedy administration even enlisted U.S. Mafia thugs who had the run of Havana under Batista and failed the attempt to assassinate Castro,
which we talked about yesterday. It all was Mafia thugs like Hyman Roth and then the guy with the appellate that held the appellate up the pillow and didn't stop that bull.
It wasn't a bulletproof pillow. The guy with a black outfit on it, a very dangerous scary looking guy. Not as scary as Luca Brasi, but almost right, but who is.
Only months into his presidency, Kennedy ramped up the Cold War, which Republican President Dwight Eisenhower done his best to tamp down by committing the U.S. demolish hit confrontation and opposite ends of the world.
In a subversion of Eisenhower's decision, not to send U.S. troops to Vietnam, Kennedy lied to the American public about the purpose of his decision to set flood control advisers to Sargonne, as well as the U.S. complicity in the death of Noden Yem, the U.S. puppet once profained the George Washington to Vietnam and then similarly murdered in a hit job overseen by Kennedy's CIA operatives.
An after Eisenhower resisted calls to overthrow Castro and reprisal for his nationalizing American-owned powder, power grids, nickel mines and sugar plantations in Cuba, Kennedy in the first months as an administration ordered the Bay of Pigs invasion.
Yet the dumbest moves of the Cold War were authorized by a lionized Democratic president and accelerated by his successor, another grand Democrat, Lyndon Vane Johnson.
Both as the record of memoirs, economic research, and in Johnson's case White House tapes as proved were motivated by a fear and appearing weaker on national security than the Republican rivals and provides a cautionary tale.
In considering current presidential sweepstakes, how easy it is to claim to champion universal human rights when you exempt your own country from judgment.
When did the U.S. ever care about human rights in Cuba or anywhere else in Latin America before Castro if those rights conflicted with a rape or the region's resources?
At what a mockery we've made in the cause of Democratic rule when our president twice elected by the people as created one of the world's most fearsome symbols of torture on the U.S. liberated territory of Guantanamo Cuba.
Says Robert Sheer, had a boy Bobby, you tell him baby, Bobby baby, you know Bobby baby, how about Ruby baby, you got that by Dion? You know what I do? What you do?
What you got pants off to Larry?
Once there was a Senate, I don't think anybody knows that song.
And they know runaway, everybody knows runaway, right?
Right. But hats off to Larry, I mean it was a hit.
Ruby, Ruby baby, you're beyond.
Now we were you there when was it you were marty, when the Nick Lawrence went to be on the studio and the bird, it was someone else, not me, not me, before I see her.
You know, gone on a road, stopped at fan and made, I'm gonna tell those fan and what I heard of, Bobby, you talking.
I wanna tell everything I know, I wanna break up the signifying, well people say everybody's got to go.
You know, Neil told a rich, Richie told a bird, and bird told any, and he told a mother, tell her, right or two don't stop me talking.
I'm gonna tell everything I know, I'm gonna stop, I guess name.
The best challenge is in the Rogers, 43562 AM, the sports leader.
Get manned it, I f*** them out!
Do you wanna see me, clowns?
Yes, Jack, I'll get, sit down in that chair.
Sit down, in that chair.
Well strange, check this out.
Wow, book wild baby, very rocky heart.
Well I have a tear of my nylon, am I not wicked sexy?
Well I'm not into that kind of thing, but the wig might help.
Why are you doing this to me panty boy?
You, we're on another show talking on the air about subjects unrelated to sport.
subjects such as two and two and two women.
Oh yeah, oh, what's wrong with that?
You were great to win hearing to our strict demands of sports gainers.
Oh, and you will continue to do so.
Now say it.
Oh, say it.
Say what you think that they're, remember what psychotic sport holds always say.
Bring out the game and bring out the best.
One, three, one.
Oh, what was that at the end?
Did I step on side of it?
Back it up.
I'm doing it.
No, what did I do?
Was that it?
Yeah, that was it.
And we got two hundred and thirty five votes on Chris's 80th poll of the show today.
It's not too bad.
All right.
It's already one thirty one and I got my shirt on.
I got my pantaloonies on and in a minute I'll be putting my shoes on, mine.
Choose.
You're ready to run down the car and head off to wood by.
Just so you still sound a little bit.
I wouldn't be surprised if it's like above zero.
I wish it was above zero or Celsius, but it's not.
Can't everything.
Oh, it's only minus seven.
Now what is that in your extrapolation, twenty, uh, twenty-something?
Minus seven is going to be all about to minus five and minus two tomorrow, baby.
Woo!
Heavy duty.
Winter sucks up, norify, you know.
And there I'm hearing all these fire reports about like eighty, four eighty six.
Too hot.
It has been.
Too and hot.
This is the middle of February.
Okay.
In case they didn't check it out yet, it's the middle of February.
Or the ass end of it.
Not supposed to be eighty six.
How are we doing on that thing there with, um, Cocos, sixty four?
Well, that's what we had last time.
Are you local?
For Cocos, we only got sixty four left.
We had a sixty three.
We had a 30-three that came back.
Oh, so we had a bogus one.
Oh, chicken neck again.
Try to use his Montgomery Ward card.
Goodbye one.
Well, that's where it goes.
Yeah!
Ha!
Ha!
I want you to get him a straightened out.
That's your assignment this year.
Okay, get him straightened out.
I do my best.
You know what would help?
A rope.
Oh.
Cable.
Change.
On a crisp and clear day with the light breeze coming off of Anastasia and seaside,
not a corn drive.
What do you call it?
Not a cumin.
Not a corn.
Not a corn.
Not a corn.
A lot of Cubans were still talking wins.
They quietly but forcefully bought fiddled casters.
This is new retire.
Over and over they talk about change.
Over and over they talk about watching whatever they want on TV.
And about the lives they see but can't touch.
And about the need to breathe.
The Cuban has been like a dolphin.
He's been in water up to his neck and he's still a plot said,
Curlio 35, a pedicab driver.
That's changing now, but they give us is not enough.
Curio.
Cubans have been complaining more in recent months about their rock bottom salaries,
the milk they can't find for their children, the hotels reserved for foreign tourists,
the trips to Broadway can't take.
And they seem more willing than before to blame those zills on the Arlen's
Communist economic system now that Raoul Castro, who's called for open debates in the country's shortcomings,
appears ready to take full command after Rutherford L. announced Tuesday that he's stepping down his president.
Cuba's legislative national assembly will meet Sunday to elect a new president of its ruling council estate.
The top title fiddled casters health since 1976.
Raoul's 76 long designated fiddled succession is expected to win the title.
Hey Raoul!
You're fairing!
People are realizing that you don't have to be a communist to be a revolutionary,
wholly-added, using the word in a way that seemed to imply criticism of the Cuban revolutions like of change in decades.
A revolutionary is just someone who wants change.
Things here have to change.
Now that fiddled casters left power, we don't know if it'll be three days or three months,
but in the next year or two things need to happen.
Ariel 28-A cab driver echoed Julio's take.
His take.
We see the tourist coming and we talk to them, but it's a life we can't touch.
Ariel said as he looked around nervously, everything here is so controlled that people are starting to question everything.
It's so controlled.
Sounds like America again.
Like you can't say, I don't say that.
What is this?
The Ministry have been attacked on several occasions.
And years ago when NATO forces, once they pushed out, served parliamentary forces in the Yugoslav Army,
at the time there was a spade of revenge.
A protest in Serbia, they stormed the Euro-Resembicy and they're all whipped up into a frenzy.
Anybody care?
No.
You care about Serbia?
No.
The evolution of willingness to question the only political and economic system in most Cubans have ever known has been fueled by the flow of foreign visitors,
the numerous parrots said like TV antennas and underground music, much of it from Miami.
Before we were happy as socialists, because that's what we thought we wanted Julio said,
going on to quote from a song making the rounds in Cuba they identified as,
Ken Manda or who's in charge.
I case sacarlo, they don't they a stop or ke el danio no se va.
What?
That's you right.
He removed from his place because the damage is not going away.
I case sacarlo, they don't they a stop or ke el danio no se va.
I thought I did that fairly well.
You did a great job.
I don't have any of my own, a couple of the words.
I listen to that, I watch Univision, but for that they'd arrest me if they call me Julio,
and that can't be for watching Univision.
You should be arrested for watching that.
Now they had those novellas on there?
No, like I said.
Armando 56 of myologist argued that the lack of hubbub in Cuba over Castro's decision to step down,
underlying the calmness prevail on the Arlemation since Castro underwent emergency surgery in June 2006
and had it overpowered his brother temporarily.
There's been such tranquility in Cuba these past few years that he's been sick
because I believe people have felt relief.
Armando said, nobody's officially stepped down and people can really breathe.
Get that long jeal!
Start breathing now.
Rale has been promising profound reforms to fix the Aces and many economic kills since his brother became nobody
adopted only minor changes so far because of the current resistance from Castro.
For the past 19 months unlike his charismatic and long-winded brother,
Raul nevertheless keeps his speeches short and declines a call for the massive street marches that Castro was noted for.
Now I can watch my Brazilian telenovelas without worrying that they're going to be interrupted by a six-hour speech Armando said,
we Cubans have to entertain ourselves somehow little things like that matter, those telenovelas, baby.
Although many Cubans are anticipating a better future under Raul,
some also say they look back on the over-the-certain nostalgia for the only ruler they've known since 1959.
Even though I don't like his say, by the way, stay in check for the fall, put it on there please.
All right.
Even though I don't like his sister, I still feel some nostalgia since he's no longer be the head of our government Armando said,
Cubans interviewed for the story seemed to have different theories about who's going to be the next president
with most of older generation bidding on Raul and the young offentending to a vice president Carlos Lugge
or former minister Felipe Peraizaroque, both much younger.
But in Cuba, change still comes slowly when it does come.
It's too soon to put somebody young in there Armando said, someone at the age of 100.
Right? Like putting somebody in the sunrise lights under the age of 100.
Not yet.
We're working on that.
When, doubt, throw the young people out.
That's the Florida slogan.
When it doubt throw the youngsters out.
You have to be at least 100, death plus 10, and now that they're closing down the Rascal House,
maybe that'll help lower the demographic.
You think anybody under the age of 90 generally goes into Rascal House? I don't think so.
Except that college kid that had the orange juice fill all over his pants, remember that?
I told you that.
That's a be your worst problem of the sunny. That's a be your worst problem.
Bitch.
That's what he should have said. Bitch, clean it up.
Remember like Carlo and Godfather.
Look what happened to Carlo.
You know, he had leaf gear.
You want to meet leaf gear in the dark alleyway?
The lakes.
Does anybody know who that is anymore?
I think the tea thing about the goma is old people.
Like many old queens know what leaf gear was.
244 on a pool, motor restaurant chains got the best desserts.
I don't eat dessert 98.
Cheesecake factory 92 is just clobbering everybody else.
Oh my god.
Can you explain that to me?
Explain it.
Maybe they got good desserts?
Well, I shouldn't have one.
Look at that down three on the streaming right now.
Uh oh.
Texas streaming just went down and I was back up.
Cheesecake factory 94 days 13, long horn steakhouse 8 Friday 7, Bennigan 6, Apple B's 5,
Chili's 5, Grand Lux Cafe 4, Ruby 2 days 4, Roadhouse grill 2 and steak and chase is 1 on.
Don't have nothing yet.
There's shakes are to die for.
Have you ever had the shakes that shake and shake?
You betcha.
The burgers, if they're not falling apart, they're pretty good.
They're okay.
But the shakes are like, I get the shakes just thinking about that.
We're down again on the streaming, baby.
We're down again.
We're talking about your 5, 60, count it.
I'm the sports.
Up again.
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
Do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it
would find, just keeping his time filled, rewriting his last will, when the ill-16 you'll find
he thinks he's gonna spend a lot of hard times in the town of oil and, or is that too quick?
he'll be an old game shoe, a must-older, cranky girl, with olive oil in his shoe,
do it, do it, do it, do it,, do it, do it, do it, do it, do it, don't sustainability,
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
I'm not sure if I can get a chance to say something.
Yeah, they don't.
They're going to hear it in the end.
11 dropouts.
I'm the Texas...
Good thing we're almost out of here, man. I'll say that right now.
We're almost out of here.
For the day. We'll be back tomorrow, though, or maybe not.
Maybe I'll come in tomorrow and say, I don't know.
I don't know. I doubt it.
Because tomorrow's a big day. It's your Gulf Stream Day.
Right on. They'd read from that obliterated U.S. spy satellite
is being tracked over the Pacific Atlantic Ocean
but appears to be too small to cause any damage on Earth.
A senior officer said,
today just hours after Navy Missile Squad
a direct hit on the falling satellite, falling and failing.
Marine General James Carr, right by the streamer
of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and an expert on military space technologies,
told the Pentagon news conference
that officials have a high degree of confidence
that the missile launch from a Navy cruiser
winds denied had exactly were intended.
He estimated there was an 80 and 90 percent chance
that the missile struck the most important target
on the satellite. It's fuel tank containing
a thousand pounds of hydrogen,
which Pentagon officials say could oppose to health
as of the humans if it had landed in a populated area.
If it were to be through the atmosphere, which anybody knows
it would not, but nevertheless.
Unlike most spacecraft that fall out of orbit and re-enter the atmosphere,
this satellite had almost a full fuel tank
because it lost power and became uncontrollable
shortly after it reached its initial orbit in December 2006.
Carr writes that the hydrogen loan was just in the case for undertaking
the unprecedented effort to use the Navy missile interceptor
to attempt to destroy the satellite in orbit.
Carr writes that experts were still watching the debris fields
and couldn't get ruled out that hazardous material
was thought to worth, but indicated this appeared likely to pose a problem.
Thus far, we've seen nothing larger than a football,
he said, referring to the debris spotted by radars and other sensors.
A football.
Grab it!
Get in that locker room with it, maybe squeeze it.
And remember, what happens in the locker room?
Stays in the locker room. That's right.
You got it. No, I don't.
And I'm glad.
They got it.
Yeah, they can have it.
They can have it too.
Real glad.
They're smiling from ear to ear.
Well, we're back on the back of the swimming you get.
I don't know what that's all about.
Now, let me ask you this.
I know it's a stupid question.
Maybe Chris knows the answer.
Maybe not. Maybe Eric knows it.
I'm sure Eric knows it.
What's up?
We got that California streaming and Texas streaming,
which we never used to have that, but now it's up there.
Are people in different parts of the country
like accessing, like listening online on the different servers?
In other words, depending on where you live, it seems in any of them.
Yes.
So how are people in South Florida not getting interrupted
when the Texas one goes out and the California one stays off?
Depending on what your internet service provider you're using,
you're taking advantage of a server somewhere and who knows where that is.
We have one that's his animals vote.
That's right. That's a popular server.
262 on a dessert pool and 104 say,
I don't need dessert.
But you should. It's good.
I don't want that.
Don't. You shouldn't.
I mean, it would, but it's not good for you.
I could free you. Wow.
You know, what do you do with fat diabetic?
Oh, I'm already there. So what do you do with that?
Maybe I'll have some good crap at Woodline.
Maybe I'll actually eat one of the free meals in that horrible...
What's the name of that restaurant near the...
Willows. The willows. Oh my God.
I can eat free. They're all I want.
All I got to do is go get my thing.
You're...
Give me your card and I give you a thing.
Although they really resent the old Chinaman that come in there trying to don't gamble
and they put their card in the thing and we're going to give you a free meal.
Are you kidding us? Get out of here.
Tiny mon.
A lot of tiny mon here, mon.
Gail Collins says, look up in the sky.
In New York Times. I don't know if I have time to read this or not.
Do I?
It's good. It's cute.
Now I'll save it for tomorrow.
Don't go and don't have time.
Wouldn't that be something to start reading a very...
Well, not very important.
That would be a pretty good answer.
Yeah. Now I don't want to do that and then like say,
come back to our further rest of it.
My God.
Peter Cohnblow's got a good calm here the day after Fidel.
Look at that. Now this is also too...
Well, anything is too long to read now because we're almost out of time.
Let me put it to the top of my pile.
Here Collins and Peter, the day after Fidel.
You proceed. You get to feeling that people are all whipped up into a frenzy.
I don't mean that.
No, I mean nobody here cares.
The media would really like there to be something going on.
You know, and they're putting a camera on everybody walking on the street trying to, you know,
catch something going on but there's nothing going on.
You mean people aren't rolling down their windows yelling out?
Like that?
Nothing more than any other day.
Oh, Manashana Harawa-Hase.
Hase.
I see.
Oh, we're down again in Texas.
I see.
Fifteen dropouts.
How are we doing on that Niels deal thing or we're back up again.
Thank God.
If we can get out of here today and just have both the servers up,
it's up to us to be like we've accomplished.
We got what? 62?
See, there's another one, man.
Another two. Another pair.
You have little faith.
62. That means we sold 38.
And by the way, they have a full bar there of booze and everything and use your certificate for booze.
There are all those boozers in the audience, you know.
Right.
The right down, you know, they're on 79th Street, causeway there about that area.
Oh yeah, like I said, it's a very good location right there.
Yes, yes.
In Fort Lauderdale.
Right. Smackdad.
And the food is next one, like you said, you can go in there and get boozed up.
What's not to like?
You know, it's all my playing card bucks.
But then again, we know that they're not in the studio anymore.
Sit right across from me.
The help is hot.
Really?
Hodgerton, kimchi, baby.
Yes.
Really?
Oh yeah.
So how many guys were there?
None.
Oh, well, the chef.
He was not so hot.
He was not so hot.
Not a chef.
No.
Oh, we're back down again in the Texas server.
I'll be dinged.
860 in those.
Now, what causes this?
Why does this crank go on?
Well, don't go into a big technical response.
What are those days?
Technical difficulties.
Like the connection between us gets lost sometimes.
You know, because technical difficulties.
Yeah.
Yeah, but why does it keep dropping out?
When it's out on the bad day, maybe it's weather-related.
Maybe a pigeon farted.
Or maybe because it's in Texas.
And the Lord is pretty pissed off a lot.
What's going on in Texas?
Because there's a few Holyos there, a few Mexicans that want to vote for a swallery.
And the Lord is going to smold them and smite them.
You think that might happen to me?
And like I said, who cares?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
The best talent.
I see why is wrong.
I see why it's wrong.
But but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but but it but but but but but but but
Is the fail-fond man?
To get me outta here so I can have more hidden runs
Oh, like a real Stone Cowboy
Getting the recruit up and doing about 103
Oh, right, like a real Stone Cowboy
Getting into collisions with people I don't even see
Till they put their heads hooks on me
Like a real Stone Cowboy
Till the booze is the only thing that's kept along my mind
Oh, like a real Stone Cowboy
Getting hold in your core for driving while I'm blind
Like a real Stone Cowboy
It's a good story
Getting all the girls doing about 103
Like a real Stone Cowboy
Bye bye bye
The biggest names of best talent
Why every door why
Wait no
People to drive
Why am I calling a lotter then
What's the other thing I'm doing?
You're actually with me
