The music expressed on the previous one.
What about jerk jerks tree?
Ghost, gas and collars.
And you not reflect those of the busily broadcasts.
Was that yesterday?
Staff, average, average, average, average.
Yeah, I think so.
That was just her jersey was on yesterday.
I think so much.
I think so.
But he had to do it right now, show them the days for that.
That's not exact.
WQA, real jerk.
Jackanne.
Hey Drew.
You fairly.
560 WQA Am, pre-sasked.
The Neil Rogers Show.
Did you tell me?
Dile 5, 670.
That was up 74 points.
Let's hear it.
Another count.
Call 123.
Here comes the bunny.
435, 60 on your 18T.
Wonder how Jill Pummers is doing.
Jill Pummers.
The opinion expressed by me.
Oh yeah.
Wonder if he's got Pummers cracked.
He's got a first needs of time.
Represent those of WQA Am management staff or sponsors.
Now the next step is the Boundera 17 560 WQA Am.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
And now it's time for another edition of Professor Mould.
Ah, hi, I'm Boris and girls.
Welcome back to another electrifying notification.
Today we're going to learn about the Roma Therapy.
Now if myelistry the assistant will give me a hand.
What?
You said give me a hand.
I asked till no press.
Now get out of there.
I know what you're doing.
I know who's behind this.
I've seen people.
I've seen people.
What are you talking about?
Never mind that now.
We got to demonstrate the infectious of a Roma Therapy today.
All right.
Okay.
Now, yeah, smell my fingers.
But I'll open smell my finger.
Okay.
Now you'll notice boys and girls that can gildy
is a smell of my fingers.
They ain't doing it.
They right there and smell my finger.
Don't move.
A till the boys and girls out there
and it smells like pizza.
It smells like don't do it.
You'll keep it right there until it's not smelling like pizza.
Why doesn't it smell like...
I'll hide up my ass all morning, but that shouldn't matter.
I am called pizza for breakfast.
Now I'll pay your dominant measure.
I'm going to pass out.
If I have to, I'll bring this.
Listen, you'll want to smell my fingers, then.
No.
That's not good.
Slaves.
Smell my finger.
Give a smell of...
woman.
Yeah.
Yeah, but not like the ones back in my day.
Back then the broods had a rain.
Pire is running up there, crash to the armpits.
What are you dead?
Yeah.
10.025, 60 WQA.
I'm happy Thursday too.
Why thank you.
You're welcome.
We missed a Drew Rosenstein house.
The crans shorts on the Joe Rosho.
Oh, you just were trying hard to...
But I was...
Well, I don't know.
If I would have known that the jerk jerks be would have been on,
then I would have listened.
Not.
Here's the poll results so far.
Obama, by the way, kicked ass.
Last night.
That's all over.
No, it's done.
Yeah.
Every poll, except Miss Fudge.
Miss Fudge on the Fudge report had the...
the poll result up there before the debate was half over.
With the can of course, Winding Handley.
Hand's down.
Miss Fudge is pants.
But everybody else.
Overwhelming.
Grumpy.
And you know something?
Not only is he grumpy and keeps going on the attack.
But he looked really bad last night.
Not that he ever looks good.
But he looked extraordinarily bad.
That cheek was really fluffy and...
Yeah.
Nasty old, cramudge and miserable coot.
Small business income.
Yeah. How's Joe the plumber doing?
Okay. Here's the poll results so far.
I feel old, Wind.
930 votes. But we can change him when we get to a thousand fat Chris.
Now, what's the story?
You're going to be here tomorrow or not?
Oh, that's what I lean out.
We're talking about.
And?
Haven't you sat it yet?
I'll probably be here.
What kind of an answer is that?
At least you're consistent.
You never ever give me a direct message.
Well, I did it one day a week off so far.
Yeah.
Tomorrow would be a second day off.
Which is that no one knows people get.
So, but I'll probably be here tomorrow.
We here on Monday?
No, that was my one day off.
So then what do you debate?
You're going to work like three days on the show?
That's what he wants me to do.
No, I'll play.
Who wants you to do?
I will probably be here.
If that's what who wants you to do?
If Josh is going to do my, uh,
clearance, doing it.
F clearance.
No, thank you.
God.
You're, you're taking orders from that little pipsqueak.
It traded with contrast.
Well, I would rather have a contract for five minutes.
Exactly. I would rather have a clearance.
Work Friday and have Sunday off.
I'm coming to you up the way Sunday.
So kick him in the ass and show him against the wall, drag him around like a freaking ragged
down clearance.
Oh, there's Joe the plumber.
My name on national TV.
And like I said before, I'm just glad I could be used.
Yeah, it could be used by.
Yeah, right.
That's right.
At least he's being honest.
I got the story about that that's making the rounds on the Internet.
Thanks to one of our e-mailers out there.
Neil at NeilRodgers.com is the e-mail address.
And also be sure and look on NeilRodgers.com.
Right under the pole and take a peek at that lovely picture.
And that's very popular now.
I feel old when a long time celebrity gets older dies, 203.
When I talk to young people, 184.
When I look in the mirror, 171.
When I look in the mirror, I go, oh, hey.
Talking about my favorite old movies, music TV, et cetera.
Food, restaurants, 150 living in the past.
I remember when gas was under a bucket gallon, 121.
I remember things from 50 years ago, 68.
I'm asked if I'm a senior citizen, 33.
Would you like the senior diet coke, sonny?
Oh, my God.
That'll...
So it's only this one bitch.
She always does that to me.
I'm not going to go to her line anymore.
Oh, Alice Rantell is back to work.
Aren't you excited about that?
He was ill.
Oh, you know what?
I thought my life was over, but now.
Alice Rantell is announced to be returned to KABC
after four months of treatment for lymphoma.
Rantell says she is now cancer-free and ready for work.
She'll be returning to her normal hours, 11 to 11.
45 a.m. and 7 to 10 p.m. weekdays.
Welcome back, Alan.
Continue good health, it says.
Well, I wish him good health, but other than that,
putting her back on here right before the election,
you know, that's just what we need.
Not that she'll do any good out there in California.
California, it's a done deal.
In fact, the whole election's a done deal.
Oh, the dollar's down 19.
Oh, my.
Tiss, tiss, tiss.
Oh, the S&P is up new.
Yeah, likely story.
What if that guy is laying under a viaduct somewhere?
God, what a shmeckle.
Pracey and Kendall says, given your love of music,
your love this was sight.
Did she send this to you?
Yes.
Well, you can look it up.
I will.
TropicalGlenn.com.
It's a jukebox that plays the top 100 Oli songs
from the 40s to the 80s, as well as other musical genres.
You can look up a song from any given year,
play it for background sounds, or use it to help with a pull.
I know that you don't do links on the show,
so just try it for yourself.
Well, I can't play the stuff on here.
Why don't you stick it in here and see what it does?
Stick it?
Yes, stick it.
All right, let me go look.
Stick it to the ticket.
Are we not running those anymore?
Those ones that go ticket, ticket, ticket.
I hope not.
No, I hope not.
Oh, please tell me.
No, please.
The book comes out tomorrow morning at 10.
So I got to be here.
And this morning, I may have to make a run for a joy.
So at some point during the cellist alerting you now,
well, this morning I sat, but I couldn't match that.
So they're you sat all brokenhearted.
I sat, but didn't match.
Well, it was just, you know, your normal routine.
You sit there and you think something's going to happen.
And this morning it did not.
Very unusual for me.
Maybe that's because I had a good Atkins Day yesterday.
Perfect.
No, I did not.
I had a Snickers bar.
Damn it.
But other than that, I had a perfect day.
No good.
That's good.
No, no.
I'm I'm crelling over here.
Today I'm not having no Snickers bar.
I'm going to get in that cab at two and head off to Woodbine again.
Where I won a few bucks yesterday.
How do you like that?
I want a few dollars.
TropicalGlen.com.
Find it.
So here this is from Babel Magazine.
Somebody emailed this to me.
Joe the plumber has got his picture here.
Republican plant and relative of Charles Keating question mark.
If you watch the third and final presidential debate last night,
you know that there were many mentions of Joe the plumber.
Joe is actually Joe Wurzelbacher and every man who appeared out of a crowd
at a no-bomber campaign appearance and asked the senator about his economic plan.
Joe says his American dream is being able to provide for his family and send
us under college.
But some are saying that Joe isn't who he appears to be.
Here's the buzz from the internet.
Wurzelbacher who says he was playing football outside with the summit
and came upon the crowd gathered around Obama was planted by the Republican party.
This would explain how conservative sides got stories posted about him and advanced to the debate
and how easily everybody else found him for interviews.
Wurzelbacher is not even a registered voter.
He may not be licensed in his home state of Ohio.
Wurzelbacher may be related to Robert Wurzelbacher since the radio
who happens to be Charles Keating's son-in-law.
Keating was implicated in the Keating 5 scandal along with John McCain.
Wurzelbacher already owns a few companies which would confident his claims of being a plumber looking to buy a small business.
One thing that is definitely on the record, Wurzelbacher compared Obama to Sammy Davis Jr. in interview with Katie Kourk.
I didn't know Obama could tap dance.
I know McCain can tap dance around the questions.
Well, he just wants to raise taxes and raise your taxes.
Just keeps saying the same crap over and over again.
And he's a terrorist and a schwarzer.
So as any of this true, I'm not sure it says, but some things are suspicious.
For instance, how was it that a newspaper was present when Joe was watching the debates?
They took the picture above if Joe didn't know his name would be mentioned.
I'm sure the national inquiries already had on Wurzelbacher's trail.
It says, so expect you a more on Joe the plumber soon.
In the meantime, I'd like to get Joe's number.
My bathroom faucet is leaking.
He's got a leak.
Now, cute.
So anyway, I'm on that site for what it's worth.
And yeah, that's everything she said it was.
Now can you play the songs off of there?
Yeah, you just go out of the mic.
Well, I've been cranking up from the 50s.
Oh, what is that?
Come on now.
Pops.
Oh, give me.
Give me a break.
It's a chick.
You might not like her.
Oh, I see.
That's right.
I hate women, I forgot.
It's my foolish heart.
Yeah, but it's...
Who is it?
Patty Page.
Who?
Patty Page.
Oh, Patty Page.
I'm like Patty Page on deck of records.
Oh, all this syrup, man.
Oh, what do you want?
If you're having waffles and pancakes,
you got all the syrup for it this morning.
You can click on hits by the week.
That was down 55.
What year are you in?
50?
Oh, that's too far, Pat.
Good night, Irene.
Irene.
Yeah, good night, Nurse.
Okay, play something from like 54 or 55.
Hang on.
I'm all over the place of a 50.
She's in the place of a...
I'm all over the place of a...
54 or 55.
Yeah.
I don't know if it's...
All right, here we go.
55.
It doesn't look like it's giving me a choice,
although it does have a little search thing.
What do you mean by that?
Like, I mean, the middle of the...
I have to figure it out of you to get out.
That's 56.
That's 55 top bits off.
Eighth on the shame.
Oh, what does that say?
55, let's hear it.
Imperial records, the fat man.
Antoine Fats Domino.
I just love the fat man.
You got to have heart.
And switch choices.
You got to have heart, but don't cut a fart.
Who was that?
I think it's all the same.
I'm not sure how it comes up yet by artist random selection.
Are these just some musical beds?
A lot of these...
No.
A lot of these sites don't give you like exact control,
like just to play anything you want.
But you can break it down by genres or so.
You're playing so much syrup.
Yeah, well, that's not coming up.
I'm not coming up.
I think I was down 100 points.
Oh, here's a little bit.
Now, wait a minute, Elvis.
That's what it gives you.
I don't click on a date.
It just throws you at an artist.
A lot of an artist at you.
Oh, it's got TV themes, though.
Such as...
Come on now.
Yeah.
That and all that.
All right, you know that one.
You know this one too.
For my favorites.
That was the song I'd be reaching.
Dad Major.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's the wrong standard.
Right.
I'm a woman.
I sing with that.
Yeah, could she go?
Okay, let's do the break.
Welcome back to the show.
That was the world thing.
Yes it was.
And the worst theme song, too.
Yes.
Welcome back, Kata.
Ten, thirteen at five, sixty, WQAM.
We got the big old coming back to the staff,
noon in spite of massive protests.
The best deals on the most comfortable mattress on earth
are just a phone call away when you call 1-800 mattress.
Even these tough times, can you afford just 13 cents a day?
And it's a nice night to get a great night's sleep.
Sure you can.
1-800 mattress has got a new CLE model with memory foam
and sets started just 13 cents a night.
Choose firm, plush or a pillow top, all at the same low price.
1-800 mattress is outflowed as largest CLE dealer with same day delivery.
1-800 mattress don't have no stores, which means lower overhead
and they pass humongous savings on to you.
Delivery whenever you choose, whenever it's convenient for your ass,
8am to 10pm, weekends holidays, even on chivalrous,
even the same day you call, if you like.
Call by kickoff, get your mattress delivered by the post-game show.
All with a famous 1-800 mattress 30 day in home comfort trial.
Think about it, a great ceiling mattress with memory foam delivered
whenever you want, starting at just 13 cents a night.
So just do what I've been doing for years and what everybody QM is doing.
Call 1-800 mattress 2-Day.
The one and only dial a mattress.
Or go to the all new mattress.com on a wicked web.
Just call 1-800 mattress, MATTRES.
Leave off the last S. It stands for Sensational Stoopendus Savings.
Biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have no projects.
Sport rate of 5.60 QAM.
Think.
Fourth leader.
No portion of this program may be reaching out to you.
Oh, Sarah's talking to the plumbers this morning already right now to speak.
You can be broadcast group incorporated.
Get the honey, Junior.
You go, Joe.
I bet he knows Jolly Joe, Fattest, Jolly Joe, from Rolly.
I joined the Nights at party.
They used to call it the GOP.
You ferry.
And I strongly agree with right wing policy.
So this won't be coming for me.
So I went to the Nights at party.
Convention held in the Empire State.
For 9-11 think the Saudis give their hands a shake.
And dance on the grave.
I'm reading.
Mine comes now.
The bush doctrine as well.
You see you believe anyone
And you can't think for yourself.
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
What the fuck?
Appreciate it Happy?
uh... we got big old to mad dog at four
hurricane hotline seven away thirty while
why is there an asterisk next to that
subject changes our notice
a thirty we got tampeby at boss and that'll be the last game of that series right
the raise baby raise in the fillies in the series now the fillies beat the
a dodgers last night five to one
and the philly's going to the world series means the team that swept the
cobs the dodgers
is out
they're done
all of the clubs in the
i think so yeah
boy good to we never have done that cubby bandwagon
why would you try to tell that a whole what exactly why would you want to
hop on the cubby bandwagon if you're an idiot
and let's see i think now i know where to find that uh...
all here it is
yeah
hearing
the
anyway let's see here's a email from somebody
who says so how come a mccain kept harping on William heirs obama didn't say
i was eight years old when he was involved in the anti war well he did say that
he did not say this other part you were grown man when you got involved with
the key in five of us your excuse well he didn't do that because he was going
to get suckered of that through the dirt game
and obviously did it did it did well by him
that was one of the polls one of the side poll questions was who will be
attacked his opponent more and mccain got eighty percent and obama only seven
percent
public is tired of that crap just like obama said they got you know the economy
is going to hell on a handbags get
markets on another hundred and thirteen points today people are being in their
pants can they pay the damn electric bill
and all of these things
anyway this is as i never heard anything about the key to five north mccain
answered was involved well
it's a long time ago you know that that's what Hitler would have said today to
if he could be here would that would be a said that was a lot of time ago
uh... unit
it was another lifetime there's Sarah
your would be a great rest
once Barack obama would say that he wants america to win
no cross we all know he wants america to lose because he's uh... a darker shade
of brown
just stupid idiotic crap and look at the mindless morons
all jammed up behind her one woman was yawning just now they cut her
yawning on
on the thing that let's take a look at some of the polls about who one last
nights third and final presidential debate for his magazine
asked to one tonight asked of six questions
one who want tonight's debate seventy three hundred votes
a lot of obama seventy seven percent
mccain nineteen percent two percent said it was a draw
to who would you vote for in November
mccain seventeen percent obama seventy seven percent independent candidate one
percent still on the side of four percent will not vote one percent
three did tonight's debate change your mind about who you vote for
yes fourteen percent no eighty six percent
if you are undecided before tonight's debate but have now selected a candidate
who would you vote for in November
mccain twenty one percent obama seventy one percent independent candidate one
percent still on the side of five
after watching the debate you think john mccain is qualified to be president
thirty eight percent yes sixty two percent
no
after watching the debate you think Barack obama's qualified to be present eighty
three percent yes
seventeen percent said no
all right for magazine even the herald poll the anxious mimey herald
woe and did county no less
the herald poll fraud in twenty seven vote
who won the debate mccain twenty five percent obama seventy three percent two
percent said it was a tie a flat footed tie
there's another one flat footed tie
yeah what's that mean we talked about that i'm not i don't know if we got the
you have some feet no i don't
i got good feet thank god for that with my diabetes man's good thing i got
good circulation and good feet i'd be hobbling around now and crushes it'd be
why in the one of those little scooters what do you have to be the scooter man
maybe i could do spots for the money store i could be the scooter
cbs news poll who won the final presidential debate
obama eighty four and a third percent mccain thirteen and a half percent it was
a draw a little over two percent eighty four to thirteen percent
on the cbs poll cnn poll
and this let's see this result i could go under now and look what does make a
difference now it's a little old mccain twenty percent obama seventy five
percent no clear winner five percent that was on the cn quick vote
now msnbc which of course all of us who watch msnbc are
comi pico liberals fags
oh wait a minute where's the rest of this poll oh don't tell me i lost it
that would be bad
oh here this is all it right here oh excuse me
this is strange uh let's see after the debate nine point seven percent said i
will still vote for oh i see this is how did it affect did the uh debate last
night affect who you're going to vote for nine point seven percent i'll still
vote for mccain eighty two percent said i'll still vote for obama
two point six percent said i may change my vote to mccain four point four
percent said i may change my vote to Barack Obama one point two percent we're
like but not sure how do you like that
mm-hmm that's the msnbc which of course only comi pico liberal fags like me
watch msnbc but that's okay because forbs magazine i wouldn't i would imagine
that most people read forbs magazine our liberal comi pinkos would you i
so money money people yes and of course that steve forbs man with that pasty
nasty complexion god i do like his graduated income tax though
is that what he calls it i think he called it red
joe oh yeah joe the plumber joe the plumber
oh here's the eclipse again i saw this on one of the blogs uh he doesn't have
any real experience a point so he merely talks about earlier pronouncements uh he
spent an awful lot of time last night really with a tortured uh
response to to his uh vote uh for partial birth abortion in the illinois
oh boy here we go another right wing bitch
nine hundred eight two votes on the poll don't let me forget when we get to a
thousand we're changing that poll fat chris fat chris will be here with us
tomorrow again yep or else okay no i think it's just wrong man like the guy that said
about that picture of me on the website it's just wrong
that you allow the program director you this is your job last time i check your
our board off your our funky on this show not whenever the health clearance feels
like letting you off from those stupid ass ball games oh we got the kings we got
the kings take the kings and stick them up your ass clearance
including that dumb bitch Donna shaleili god what an idiot
i don't want to get worked up about it don't keep me calm
let's take home maybe replace some of that slush from that uh thing that
oh you know make me go back there no there are better ways with all uh
i respect the trace oh i'm sorry 1026 a.m. week after week more and more people are taking
advantage of meals half price deals and starting at noon today you'll be able to buy a hundred
dollars for certificates for just fifty bucks to jakes barring real i'm read ro just east of
us one jakes is known as a watering hole for grownups and that it is however jakes has become
a favorite in the gables in south mime for sensational food which you guys are going to be
chowing down on it about on about an hour like i hope so yeah we hope so like their
mecha name your crush did mahi holdy bone yellowtail of their shnapper meat lovers feast on their
famous steaks and ribs right now jakes has got their steak special every Thursday night with
your choice of a 60-ounce New York strip and eight-ounce tenderloin or 60-ounce bone-in ribbiologist
18 bucks you also get to choose the accompaniment in two sides plus half price wine on Wednesdays
and sunday night is authentic Memphis barbecue in the kids eat free jakes barring real 69-01 red
road that's 57 and call for reservations 305 662 8632 you're ready to buy a hundred dollars
certificates for just fifty bucks starting at noon today on most prestigious wqam.com
what's his name the best talent he's the big dog Joe Rose weekday morning seven
oh my god sports radio five sixty two a.m. the sports
here Howard david's a bit
five
five
five
five
five
five
time to win with no chance
five
five
wow
wow
what
what
what
what
I
you
that
that
that
up
I got that time, I'm gonna give you more time.
I got that time, I got that time, I got that time.
I got that time, I got that time, I got that time.
I got that time, I got that time, I got that time, I got that time.
Well, I've got some bad news about that market, Matt.
It's down to 203.
Wow.
200 point.
And yesterday lost 700 point.
I know.
Do the math.
I don't want to do the math.
Oh.
Well, that was those idiots.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You do that now.
That's another idiotic expression.
Do the math.
Warner says, McCain, not my friend.
Oh, actually, this is from Eric and Tamerack.
Who wants me to play a taste like a penny.
Oh, yeah, hold your breath.
Uh-huh.
He says, I'm sorry for what I'm about to tell you.
Every time I see McCain talk.
Yeah.
Every time I...
Well, this is...
Well, he's under a lot of pressure.
I say stress.
Every time I see McCain talk, this followers and calls them my friend, I think of you.
My friend, I'm your friend.
I've decided not to watch him anymore for as long as I shall live.
Since I have nothing we need to live for, would you please load a gun, put it in my face, and pull the trigger.
Your friend, Eric and Tamerack.
Please, this is the last request.
You do play an old bit for me that has something to do with...
Taste like a penny.
That has something to do with it.
Well, thank God you don't want us to play that because we sure know.
You can play this much.
Yeah.
Hey, how's Sarah doing?
Yeah.
That's all we're playing.
Who had better handle the economy?
CNN, Polo, Obama, 59, McCain, 35%.
Oh, Jimmy Cifilis, by the way, is doing a poll or did one this morning in IOD.
Jimmy, right wing Cifilis, who sold his soul to the company's story.
Hey, Jimmy.
You fairy.
Jimmy, a break. That was down to 24.
Oh.
Here's Bill Schneider on CNN.
I don't know.
Well, they may be ready to vote because we asked them,
would you like to see more debates?
And by two to one, the vote is said,
Nope, we've seen about...
That was pretty boring again last night.
Not as boring as the second one, but it was pretty boring.
No, no.
I was waiting for McCain to get to waddle over and just try to smack Obama on the side of the head.
He didn't do it though.
No.
I think he had the energy to do it.
In fact, at the end, remember when he was trying to like fake hands with what's his name?
No.
But he's a cheater.
Okay.
And he was like trying to find his way around the edge of the table.
And then he does all that exasperated stuff and like laughing and puking and like,
Oh, what a dottering old fool.
And believe me, I know what it is to be a dottering old fool.
Trust me.
I got a little experience myself and I'm no 72.
You've been dottering with me.
72? What?
You've been dottering lately?
I'm dottering.
How do you dotter?
I don't have no dotter.
You got two dotters.
Yes.
That might be dottering.
Daniel says James Carville was on CNN this morning and basically said Obama is a lock.
What a difference having Obama rather than carry your grow run and can't wait to later this week when that hockey mom gets
in Pester censored in Alaska.
PS the Nazi party is over.
Well, don't be too sure of that.
Yeah.
Maybe the current addition of the party is over, but they're never going to go away.
Well, you've a.
They're never going to throw in the towel.
Right now as we speak, I'm sure they're having all sorts of clandestine meetings.
The project for New American century and all these other far-bissen.
Believe you me, they're not going to go away easily and I keep thinking of that old bitch in Tamrak.
Well, he's not the same color as me.
I'm a little uncomfortable.
God makes me makes me for just a moment.
It makes me wish I never had any a kishki.
Might as well forget ever had it because I can't find any.
Now at 205 on the negative side.
Now 83 71.
Boy, if it gets under 8000, I think a lot of people are going to kill themselves.
Don't you?
I think what they ought to do.
Oh, it's one 99 negative.
What they ought to do is go to the headquarters of CNBC in New York and like just shoot all the people on the gambling channel.
And also hunt down like Ted David who used to be there.
Who used to call a show all the time and think it was a big joke.
Well, have you done your due diligence?
Oh, he was I mentioned Ted David was like a Jewish joe bell.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
This one says forget all the polls that you are reading.
The most important polls on the cephalopage on the WIOD website were 64% say I don't believe the polls I think McCain is winning.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, Jimmy, how does it feel to send your soul down the river for a few bucks to sell out to a bunch of right wing fascists at Clear Channel?
Oh, Jimmy, you are so tragic.
Jimmy's syphilis indeed.
The poll is over 1,000 to votes.
You were supposed to remind me, fat man.
Sorry.
You better show up tomorrow.
You want to know why?
Why?
Tomorrow is the book.
Oh, okay. I'll be here.
You don't care.
I said I'll be here.
You got that big bonus money hanging in the way.
That who won, huh?
Yeah, that's right.
This poll, what is the most tired movie premise?
Somebody emailed that to me this morning.
I think that who?
Who?
What a good idea.
Although the top one, reluctant buddies.
I don't know what that means.
Don't you?
No.
You know, their enemies are supposed to be enemies, but then over the course of the movie, they bond.
Because they have a common interest or goal.
They brought them together.
Yeah.
Now they're buddies.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, like, um, talented Mr. Ripley.
Well, I guess it didn't work out too good.
Not butt buddies.
Oh.
No, they were bad tub buddies.
Uh-huh.
Let's see, reluctant buddies, rubber touch switch, slasher kills teens.
Retard makes good.
Lo-lo-lo-ner cop has to do things his own way.
Cop has to get revenge for a partner.
Disease of the week.
Chick road movie.
Flesh eating zombies.
Yeah, I think that's what I'm voting for.
No way.
Triple overcoming handicap.
What?
I can't make enough flesh eating zombies.
Formless geek.
Wins the hot chick from a rich jock.
Underdog team beats powerhouse.
Little guy prevails against huge corporation.
Disaster flicks or depressing or self destruction.
I think that's what we're doing here at QAM, depressing self destruction.
So there's the pull for you.
The new one.
Here's the final result on the old one.
Is it even worse reading it?
I don't know.
I didn't like this one all that much.
I'll kill some time if you do.
Not too much time.
And I'm getting older by the second.
Thousand two votes when I feel old when a long time celebrity gets older dies 220.
Who died yesterday?
There were a couple of people who died.
Who died?
Who?
The guy who did the music for Batman Neil Hefty died.
He was 85.
You know Batman.
Yeah, I want you to play it.
If you wanted honor and Neil Hefty, he's dead.
He was 85.
I don't know if you got the original one.
I got it.
I got all of that.
You got airs on.
To the Batman.
I go.
Potomac battery is the power.
Turbine is the speed.
Roger.
Ready to go down.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
He's alive.
Okay, that's enough.
I feel old when a long time celebrity gets older dies 220 like Neil Hefty.
I talked to young people 196.
I look in the mirror 185.
Talking about my favorite old movies music TV.
Thinking living in the past 163.
I remember when gas was under a bucket gallon 129.
I remember things from 50 years ago 75.
And I'm asked if I'm a senior citizen.
Hey old man, do you want the senior citizen discount?
34.
I do hate that.
I mean, I can afford to pay, you know, the extra nickel for the diet coke or whatever the hell it is.
I don't want to be asked if I want the senior diet coke.
I love it.
Yeah, by the way.
Do you?
Yeah, that's a stereotype.
It kind of took me a back.
First of all, I didn't know there was any such thing as a senior diet.
I can't wait for some, you know, like boys got to offer to help you across the street.
Well, a couple of years ago when you sent me those food clogs.
Yes.
Don't you remember I slipped on the ice?
Right.
That's why I sent them.
And the one guy helped me up.
I was like slipping and sliding.
Splashing and splashing with Bobby Daring.
He's still dead by the way here.
And I keep thinking he had a bad booze problem.
But I saw my biography and wasn't, was it him that had it or Sandra D and somebody had a bad, a head mumbling.
Please, please, splash.
I was taking them back.
I'm not going to be able to go in there.
Maybe we're taking a bath in Champagne.
What do you think?
No.
So Joe, the plumber is going to be our guest at 11.
What is that?
Slip slide in the way.
By Clarence Clark.
Slip slide in the way.
Oh, by Paul Slant.
Like this.
Slip slide in the way.
What's the one by, uh, I'm thinking of Clarence Carter.
One of Eddie K's old theme songs.
Well, somebody will know.
1041 or QAM.
What biggest name?
The best talent.
Little white.
Oh, 560 KAM.
I think.
For it's the biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Jim Mandit.
Half-a-round.
Four to seven.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh not.
You are the sports leader.
Don't ever take sides with anyone against the family again.
Ever?
Steamy.
And I'm the big bitch.
What's that stand for?
orgasm?
No, that's just short for Orlando Blue.
You don't look, Julie.
No, no.
You got a lot.
No.
Now Neil's going to ri-dee for 4 hours.
Well, I've been asked to keep this in strict confidence.
But in case you wonder why we're here,
Joe got suspended, Joe got suspended!
Mwah!
Mwah!
Maybe we should take this call from our special guest, Roberto L'Oongo.
Hi, you're a boy, though.
You know that I'm the voice of the Pantas now?
Yes, aren't you that squeaky voice guy that goes by all the time?
Oh!
You got me confused with a character on another show.
That's not me.
I have children now.
Doi doi doi.
You have a funny name.
What did you...
What did you...
What did you...
Doi and play!
Doi doi doi!
We can't get into that right now.
Do the music!
Do the music!
Hey, Joe!
I don't want you walking out of there,
but just thinking in here.
I'm going to walk out of that.
Come here!
I'll ride you, Joe.
I'm going to crash here if I'd like to meet up.
Mwah!
Mwah!
Oh, I love that Keeldi, man.
Can't get enough of him.
Let's get him back on there from two to four,
and give the big OO the rest of the year off.
Somebody else died.
I'd tell you, when they die, they die in clumps.
Yeah, well...
How would you do it?
Edie Adams is dead.
Get out.
Broadway's original Vazy May, 81.
Does that hurt?
No.
I was going to say...
That's the thing for when he co-bags you,
and then we'll be true.
Wait before your time.
He was great.
He was a genius, a real TV pioneer,
and then he died in a car crash.
Edie Adams, a multi-talented actress
who put her shapely figure,
comic instincts, and clear,
Juilliard trained singing voice to good use
by creating the roles of Eileen Sherwood
in wonderful towns and Vazy May,
died October 15 in the West Hills section of Los Angeles.
October 15, that's yesterday.
She was 81 lived in LA.
The cause was Panamonia and Cancer, said her son.
Well, that's a bad combination.
I mean, one or the other is not all that good,
but Panamonia and Cancer?
And the guy that sent this to me says,
Ernie Kobach's was a genius.
Edie Adams was not.
She must have given her great...
...job...
Maybe some three-sums, and...
Oh, this is terrible.
Anyway, she's dead.
That's bad wine, don't you?
Not too late to get in on that.
No, no, no.
Boy, three ways and ask to ask and all this other stuff.
Ernie Kobach was a genius.
That was the Nairobi trio, the little monkeys.
Don't remember that?
Sure.
You see in the video?
Absolutely.
I have it.
You got it?
I own it.
That's what the senator said to a guy called a fool.
They have a science statement from...
Well, I have it.
I have it.
How about that?
Yep.
I have a science statement from this man saying...
I can say the Bible quality only did this.
And the Bible quality only did that.
So I said, yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Sure.
Anyway, she also did the White Alola cigar spots after he died
in order to make money to pay the bills.
Did you know that?
Nope.
I don't want to come up and see me sometime.
That was her?
Yeah.
I thought that was Maywest.
Well, that was before.
I mean, that was the whole idea.
They stole the...
I see.
...from Maywest to the...
Oh, she's ugly.
Idiotoms.
Maywest.
And Maywest.
Yes, both.
I don't know about ED.
Trust me.
All right.
That was down 174 points.
Oh, boy, I'm on the edge of my seat.
I don't even have any stock and I'm getting nervous.
I have no idea why.
Just not good.
Michael, a really chronic regular...
And when I call you a chronic emailer,
don't let that discourage you, folks.
Keep the emails coming.
That was an email I just had there right now about ED and I was
we never would have known.
And you'll have to, and then some rock guy died yesterday too.
Some 39-year-old rock...
Some singer.
From some group I never heard of because I'm an old fart.
And you don't even know who it is, do you?
Nope.
Well, here you go.
Way behind the time is, man, you're losing touch.
It says Obama was great as usual, smart enough not to engage in
the tit for tat with McCain.
He said that last night, Obama, do you see that?
He said tit for tat.
Yeah, I wanted to record that so that I could, you know,
play it as a drop.
Not.
I still think the Republicans will steal it, Michael, says,
I hope you're correct that it's not close enough.
I won't sleep well until it's really over.
Now, if not close enough to steal, they'd have to steal like 20
states, you know, not going to happen.
Unless we have a real October surprise, like the one guy on
Capitol Hill, blue keeps writing about how McCain is going to
fly the plane and Sarah is going to shoot down, or some have been
loud and just before the election, he's going to shoot his ass and
kill him.
How do you think those Hillary voters caught the McCain's
flippant remarks about the health of the woman exception
on abortion?
I think McCain really showed his ass to the world on that one.
He said,
the more they showed McCain and his idiosyncrasies, the more
I'm convinced I am.
He's an absolute madman.
He is a madman.
He's insane McCain.
He's a nut job with a big, puffy cheek.
And I got news for Joe the plumber.
I think he spent too much time cleaning out septic things.
Maybe the fumes are getting to him.
But if you can't afford to buy your business because it's
going to put you in a higher tax bracket, maybe you don't know
jack about business.
I never heard anything more ridiculous.
Paying more taxes comes with a territory of making more money,
as you well know.
Yes.
And by the way, why does he need to buy the business?
It's a friggin plumbing business.
Joe, for Pete's sake, just open your own company.
He's already got several companies like I read before.
He's a plant.
He's a total fraud.
It's not like there's any secret formula
or proprietary information at the old business head.
It's plumbing.
Joe, get a license and cooperate and you go, Joe.
He don't have a license in Ohio, said that story.
To go a plummet out.
To get the old plunger.
37 votes on our new poll.
I think we can go over a thousand today.
I think so too.
Well, we already are.
Exactly.
How did that happen?
What do you mean?
Just what I'm saying, how do we have so many on yesterday's poll?
That was put on during the show.
Yeah, that's why we cheated again.
I cheated.
Not your, Joe doesn't cheat with the poll.
That's because you don't care about it.
That's right.
You don't care about anything.
You have getting paid and getting laid.
That's it.
That's it.
Actually in that order, yes.
Bill, your mug-wump friend from Clearwater Beach says,
not your who is responsible for putting your picture on the website,
but I haven't stopped laughing since 10 a.m.
I think you look much better now, since Bill.
Yes, I do, Bill.
That's the whole idea.
That's why I put it on there.
And maybe you may be that offer a little bit of hope.
I got through one day yesterday to need too much.
You can mark it down.
Mark it on a calendar back there, fatso 190.
Okay.
Mark it on Thursday, October 16, 190.
I know we've done this a million times,
and I always start pretty good, and then, you know,
like all other fat people, like decide I want to eat.
I want to eat.
I want to eat.
That's so wrong.
You get it on there 190?
Yeah, today is National Ball State, too.
National what now?
Ball day?
National Shoot Your Ball State.
Oh, right.
I'm coming right down.
Now this is really interesting.
Not real interesting.
It's about another dead person.
Now came in right at the ass end of the show yesterday.
Jim in Getzville, New York, who's chronic.
What's your story, Jim?
I have no life.
Oh.
He says, I understand Frank lefty Rosenthal passed away recently in Miami.
From what I've read, he was quite a character, and one hell of a handicap.
Or, Neil, do you have any comment on Mr. Rosenthal?
Keep up the good work.
Jim in the Getzville.
Do I have any comment?
Well, do you?
Now, right before that came in from Jim from Getzville, came this one.
Casino operator was known as country's top sports handicraft.
And guess who wrote it for the herald?
I don't know, Ellie Brusher.
Right.
Lisa Davis says great experience in selling and approved medications.
Oh, my crackberry.
So tired of that stuff.
Oh, we got Seattle.
Us we got Viagra.
We got Viagra.
We got Seattle.
Us we got LaVitra.
Oh, my God.
Now, do you get as many of those as either?
I get at least five million of them every day.
Yep.
That was down 166.
Anyway, Eleanor Brusher, who I guess he's really graduated now, she gets to write about dead people.
Like Swifty Schindler.
Remember that?
Okay.
Sports illustrator once called Frank Lary, Lefty Rosenthal, the bookmaker and Vegas casino operator played by Robert De Niro in the film Casino.
The greatest living sports handicapper.
He got his nickname in 61 after plitting the fifth amendment in 38 times before a Senate subcommittee investigating organized crime.
Among other things he refused to say whether he was left or right handed.
Oh, that's another thing.
You notice that McCain is left handed?
No, it did not.
They both are, I think.
He did the same thing last night.
They did the previous debate.
And that is before when Bob Schiefel was still a talking, he sat down in the chair and he grabbed that grease pen man at Magic Marker.
And he was already writing stuff down.
Like, my name is John McCain, Niro like that.
The next year he asked a mommy, Harold reporter.
This is Lefty Rosenthal.
So what if I'm a gambler?
There's no log against that.
There's a log against bookmaking.
But I'm not a bookmaker.
I'm a professional handicapper.
I'm the greatest.
Rosenthal died Monday, reportedly of a heart attack.
It is the apartment they found him lose luxury, treasure tower in Miami Beach.
He was 79.
Not so old.
79.
Maybe the Lord was punishing him.
Like the Lord was punishing Dick Teenie yesterday by making his heart flutter.
Rosenthal, real name Norman Lewis Rosenthal.
Oy!
Posted the website, Frankrosenthal.com.
Nicholas Pilegi, who wrote the book from which Martin Scorsese Casino was adopted, says.
That for most of his professional life, the Chicago born in Casino bread, Rosenthal, has been the country's top handicapper.
He was one of a handful of men who literally set the line for thousands of bookmakers from coast to coast.
During the 70s and early 80s, Rosenthal ran four Vegas Casino simultaneously, including the world famous Star Dust.
Rosenthal is also credited with creating the first race in sportsbow parlor in Vegas that was copied by every casino on the strip.
In addition to running the Fremont, Hossie ended Marina Casino's for a financier Alan Glix,
Argent Corporation.
Rosenthal hosted a live from the Star Dust TV show, where it comes for the Vegas Sun and Las Vegas Valley Times newspapers.
In a mommy-healed interview earlier this year, Rosenthal said Sam Ace Rothstein, the hero's character of the 95 film, was accurate,
even the part about having a crooked blackjack player's hand smashed with the rubber hammer.
The card player in his core hurts had raped the strip's casinos over a period of time he said,
and the hence we played hardball sending their entire crew a message.
Sent him a message like Joey Zaza, gonna send me a message?
Fighting a gaming commission band from Vegas Casino's Rosenthal hired lawyer Oscar Goodman, now the city's mayor.
Goodman told reporters Wednesday that Rosenthal was a tough taskmaster and a perfectionist.
He was meticulous in everything he did.
And in honor of lefty Rosenthal, I'm going to woodbine it to a clock.
How do you like that?
The best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the best talent, the
Most Cosmic Millionaire, the mostulous Millionaire, that the most existens, the most talents jednaks, the most amazing mentality, takes a lot of life behind them, but with and prayers they and their
You can swear.
You can fight, man.
Mother with conflict pain is supposed to play.
Ooh, the bell's down scanner's in twenty-nine points.
Hey.
Oh-oh-oh-oh.
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, boy.
But who cares, right?
Right.
I've been telling these people for a long time.
Don't be a sucker and get suckered in the stock market.
You think you're investing in your gambling.
Great.
See, when I got into it I thought it was like investing,
I really believe that, because I'm stupid.
as Mo would say I'm stupid. So who needs a Joe the plumber when we've got time the carpenter?
We do. We do. On the email. Yeah we do. All right. It doesn't like you. Oh gee. And you don't like him either he's the one that was a bugging you while you'll know who it is.
Question I'll be voting early on October 20th for I'll be out of town November 4th. Do they count the early votes and get that out to the public before 10 4 so we can get a feel who's voting for whom? No they don't.
I mean wouldn't that be something if they started counting the ballots before election day and then they started saying yeah.
Oh well this one's ahead by you know I mean no they don't. Also tell that slipper George that I don't I do not have a well on my puter.
I've high speed DSL with Firefox all the bells and whistles and still can't vote on your site or listen. Thanks for the help George not.
Go Obama Tom the carpenter. Oh gee my peruse Tom the party was only just Tom before today but now he's somebody else contacted me with a similar problem and they had a well so I thought it was him.
Yeah my deepest apologies. Another dead person boy you know something between the stock market and all these dead people I don't know I don't think I can continue.
Although you know I've lost a flame finally it does sound like that. Oh yeah it's gone once it's gone hopefully it's gone.
And today is Thursday so it means we got our two for one deal coming up less than an hour away and you got food coming in boy like I said what a great day.
A lot of dead people make me very sad when decent people die I think only nasty people should die.
Nasty means if a hostile people like Jolly Joe Bell for example would that be great if he opened up the door again which he seems to be doing a lot lately and you heard him squeal out.
I'm dying out of the hands. That would be great. I've heard you Chris would like kick the body out of the hall roll it out there like a bowling ball.
Somebody's dead and either one of you are going to know who it is. Tom Tresch who former New York Yankee dead at 71 and it was a arbitrary tiger too.
I don't know Tommy Tresch. No. First time the big league scene in 1962 when working the year honors as a fill in shortstop for the Yankees after Tony Kubak was called in a military service died of a heart attack yesterday he was 71.
Message from Senator Tom Tresch was on the Yankees back when you rooted for them I think yes we're all going to die soon some sooner than others meet for us as oh and look who who allegedly sent this master agent Saul Fouce cute but it's S.O.L.
and the real Saul Fouce was S.A.U.L. Saul I know he was my agent and the worst thing that ever happened is that he tried to rip all those people off and went to the slammer because if he would continue to be my agent I'd have been a contender baby but now I got Norma can't you know pop had Saul I got Norma.
So just inspired by that email and by Tom Tresch's death I googled agent Saul Fouce.
Yeah and here's just a short blurb from an article in the Chicago Sun Times dated December 30th 1993.
So Fouce used to spend his days negotiating million dollar deals for summer broadcasting's biggest stars and advising them on career moves and investment opportunities.
But that was before Chicago's highest flying attorney agent was forced into involuntary bankruptcy and became target of a federal investigation into his business practices.
Now Fouce spends most of his days dodging phone calls and shutling between visits to his lawyers and the US attorney.
Oh this is before he went to jail.
There is no light at the end of the tunnel Fouce told a friend the other day the parties over.
For weeks pressure reports have been describing ways in which Fouce allegedly misused the funds of his clients and deals that blank by and then it says read all this article with a free trial.
I don't want a free trial.
I don't want the right wing Chicago Sun Times.
Was that the tribute or both of them?
I don't know about the Sun Times. I don't know the Chicago Tribune.
It was owned by the, it was owned by the, uh, really people by the Cubs who spend more time attacking his opponents of debate watchers 80% said McCain 7% Obama attacking.
Bad, I'll kill this bad, Schwarzer bad.
You know all this stuff.
Not good.
So Saul Fouce was a notorious.
I wonder if he's still alive.
Who better handle the economy Obama 59% McCain 35.
And the Dow is on 311.
I just mentioned that in passing.
We continue being off tourist and spread of all these bailout plans.
What else going to take time for these to kick in for us to get the money?
Uh-huh.
Now let's see you're getting 350 billion.
I'm getting what?
What are you laughing about?
I don't think we do better with this than the freaking government.
There there's no question.
God I'd have a hell of a time man.
You sure see me again.
Of course I don't think you'll ever see me again anyhow.
Of course I said that before.
And then we had the Gulf Stream appearance.
You think we'll ever do that again?
I hope so.
We had a good time.
Sure.
Fat boy over there he ate all the food in the damn buffet.
Really?
Yeah you did.
I guess good thing for you I didn't eat the, uh, the, uh, the Cubs of ice cream.
Oh yeah.
Cubs.
I think that was not like a little monkey there by the ice creamer.
I just dreamed that.
I don't know how to go over there.
I know that the chef there, the ice cream, he had to scoop it out for it.
And I guess I went over there like a little bit late after everybody else had.
And he was a little bit put out over the fact I was disturbing him from watching.
Oh big brown is retired by the way.
Did you see that?
Yes.
Yeah another minor injury and big brown is going down.
He's not going down but he's done.
He's finito.
We'll never know what really happened.
I'm at Faithful Bel Monte.
Rick Dutro.
Really very shady character.
I wonder what left you Rosenthal would think about Rick Dutro.
Trainer of Big Brown.
David says in looking at your picture two words hateful sal.
I love it.
Woo.
On the pole how about poor underprivileged black kid rises up and learns to pick one.
Dance ballet.
Play the cello play chess.
Swim when the highs minute set where you get the picture.
Love the show keep up the good works his Dave.
Thank you Dave from your hateful style.
More like a hateful cow if you ask me.
Yeah be sure and take a puket that picture if you really want to lose some weight.
You'll lose your appetite for a month.
By the way that hurricane is going way off northeast way far away.
What's the name of that hurricane?
If this guy would get his head out of the way I'm seeing in.
Hurricane.
Hurricane.
Oh my hurricane headquarters what is it called Omar.
Is it Omar the 10 oh there's a kid named Omar there were some city pulse here in Toronto.
On CP 24 I just love Omar.
Hey Omar.
Now what kind of name is Omar I mean it's Middle Eastern obviously would like to.
Turkish.
You got me I don't know what the Turks look like.
In fact there's a whole there's a whole while there's so many different.
Sworthy you know like other Middle Eastern.
Sworthy yeah you mean like the weather.
Hot though.
Why the women are hot some of the guys are too.
I'm only not two Turkish women either one of them could keep their clothes on.
Was one of them Turkish taffy never happened to daffy McAllem I wonder.
What is scratchy throat.
She was kind of like Rita Crosby.
Cosby.
Whatever happened to Rita Crosby.
Were they sure shoved her into the closet pretty fast.
And it ain't got you.
That was like a joke yeah.
A joke that wasn't funny.
Holly who's really chronic but we love you Holly.
Really chronic.
Keep those emails coming by the way.
Neil at nearrojers.com.
I want a phone free day today.
I mean I don't mind taking a couple calls you know but I just don't want to.
Well there's Ali Feltz.
He's got the vest on today.
He's serious.
Tony I'm getting a lot of.
Hey Ali.
He's right now and the topics tend to still be connected to what the government is doing.
About this bailout.
How about the bailout and back and forth.
Oh Tony Harris and Ali Feltz.
And what a combo that is.
You think my picture is bad.
The thou is down three hundred and forty points.
That means over a thousand points between yesterday and today.
And all these people had jumped back.
You know it's a buying opportunity.
Maria Bartiromo.
Oh wait she was on with the Brian Williams last night.
He keeps bringing her on there.
And the bags have returned.
So maybe the heavy pancake make up a war on some of it last.
The bags are back under Maria's eyes.
Oh you're so lovely today Maria.
Here's Holly.
She says good morning and watching last night debate.
Many things struck me about John McCain.
His incestant eye blinking.
Was he sending coded messages to someone.
His constipated teeth gritting when he smiled or talked.
And his rude and childish interrupting of Obama on many occasions.
But the most appalling moment of all was when he demeaned and be little women.
By using finger quotation marks in regard to women's health issues.
Health and issues of abortion.
Anything well in this country would even consider voting for this man.
And a stepper wife of a running mate should turn in their woman card immediately.
Have an ice day.
You too Holly.
Have a wonderful day and a great life.
Lefty Rosenthal is dead.
Tom Treche's dead.
Edie Adams is dead.
Neil Hefty is dead.
Oh my god.
All the dead people all the time.
And your money for was in the market.
That's dead too.
Dead.
Should we take a look at the poll?
Please do.
Before we take the break.
345 on the downside.
I'm going to keep you posted all day because there are a lot of you waiting to kill yourself.
Well look at all the damn emails on there.
Wow.
Just a zillion of them.
Chuck says, how do you like McCain's reaction when Obama said there would be a zero fine?
I thought McCain was going to jump out of the chair and launch into space.
And evidently he didn't hear it though.
I didn't remember it because I'm going to leave him.
He repeated the same thing about the joke.
Joe the plumbers fine.
I liked also when Obama called him out on his supporters at the rally saying horrible things about.
And not doing much about it.
Thanks Chuck.
One or more active ex-controls could not be displayed.
It says here on my computer.
Better call up Tom the plumber.
Tom the carpenter and see what that's all about.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't hear no rejects.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Yeah.
Sports leader.
The sports leader.
We start on this theme and I'm going to wrap it all year long.
Barack Obama believes kindergarteners should be taught about sex.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
John McCain wants to stay in Iraq for a hundred years.
I'm Barack Obama and I approve this message.
Barack Obama wants to force you to have an abortion.
Even if you don't want to and the abortion will be performed by a terrorist.
On an American flag.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
John McCain wants to force you to have babies.
Even if you're a man and the penalty for having an abortion will be death.
I'm Barack Obama and I approve this message.
In 2005 Barack Obama voted to make everyone have AIDS.
I'm John McCain.
And become transvestite crackhead heroin junky porn actors.
I'm John McCain and I approve this message.
John McCain is 217 years old.
He's going to die in office.
And Sarah Palin.
Will make you eat mousse.
What do you mean mousse?
Yes.
Mousse.
You really think people are going to believe that?
Yes.
I'm Barack Obama and John McCain and I approve this message.
Hey, mousse.
It's 1117 at 560.
Oh, there's Joe Deplummer again.
It ends.
Solidad O'Brien.
You don't look like Solidad O'Brien.
Hey, Solidad.
She is so intellectual, man.
It just really cracks me up between her and Ricky Tiki's samshares.
And you wonder why the public are like.
Like that?
No, I don't wonder.
92 votes on our new poll now.
What is the most tired movie premise?
I don't know.
Is this a good poll or not?
That's all right.
It's out of word.
We never done it.
I don't think.
No.
Underdog team beats powerhouse 18.
Loner cop has to do things his own way.
15.
Slash your kills teens.
14.
Disasterflix 8.
Cop has to get revenge for partner 6.
Formless geek wins the hot chick from the rich jock 5.
Retard makes it all.
You know what show is making the rounds here on screen TV?
It's supernatural.
They're showing all the reruns again.
Oh my god.
And you know who hated that show?
It was important.
Oh, and you keep forgetting to remind me to send him that show.
Oh, well.
Maybe I'll make it out during the show today.
And I'll put it in the mail on the way to Woodbuy.
No, you won't.
Just to show the world that you're full of crap, I'm going to do it.
Okay.
Retard makes good five.
Oh, there you go.
I was speaking of you.
Reluctant buddies five.
Flesh eating zombies three.
Yeah, he hated that show because he couldn't understand why the two brothers slept in the same hotel room.
Maybe they were on a tight budget.
Or maybe they were really tight.
At least I slept in two different beds.
Remember that when he used to get all bent out of shape about that?
I think his sexual identity became very, very confused when he'd watch that show.
Two hot-looking brothers.
Yeah.
I hope he listened to that.
Yeah, I do too.
Hey, he better watch his response though, because I'm getting ready to send that check.
Flesh eating zombies three, chick road movie three, depressing self-destruction two.
Kind of like, I guess, Requiem would be called a category, right?
Depressing self-destruction.
All around.
Look at that arm.
Oh, my God.
Little guy prevails against huge corporation two.
Cripple overcoming handicap two.
Disease of the week two and body switch two.
Oh, now did you, uh, you got a Google that that Ray Milan movie?
The man with two heads or the thing with two heads?
Why?
Because I want you.
Maybe I'll send you a copy of it.
Okay.
And I'll guarantee you'll get that as opposed to that damn book.
I was supposed to get that.
Oh, I know.
Don't be sending me nothing for that birthday.
Now it's coming up soon.
Today is the let's see.
So if the election is three weeks mind less two days, so my birthday is three weeks less one day.
Yeah.
Three weeks from yesterday.
November five.
Cash will be accepted by the way sent bags.
So do you ever figure out what this damn chip, this thing is that I got in the mail?
No.
I thought it was going to explode or something.
I don't know.
There wasn't any like literature with a no, there was nothing in it.
That's why it's mysterious bizarre.
It's just a little plastic case.
It came in a in a manila small manila envelope.
Uh-huh.
In fact, it was a manila envelope and it was another manila envelope inside of the smaller one.
I opened that up and there's just a little plastic case and it says sand disk adapter.
And you snap it open and it's got a little thing.
Let's see if I can read it.
Yeah, is it to turn a micro into a?
Sand disk 8GB micro something micro.
That's I ordered an 8GB thing not an adapter though.
Well, they say the wrong thing then.
So it says 8GB is not an adapter.
Well, why don't you send it to me?
What are you going to do with it?
If it's not the right thing, I'll send it back to where it came from, but it might be my thing.
It's an adapter.
It says adapter right on it.
You see you need to order a chip.
But if it says 8GB, that's not an adapter.
It might be an adapter with a chip.
Oh, let me open it again.
All right.
Okay.
Now, first of all, oh, I see you're right.
You're right.
You're right.
When you're right, you're right.
When you're wrong, I have to send this to you.
I didn't realize that.
I thought that was just like a label on the thing, but it comes out of there.
The thing that says 8GB.
Yeah, that's the chip thing.
That's my chip.
And the other thing is the adapter.
Woo!
Oh, this must be.
And how much are you going to pay me to send this?
I don't know.
Eight bucks.
How much is the $8,000?
Sure.
Well, the $1,000 that then, in fact, I'll say you could just turn the $1,000 over to quarters.
Now, I'm going to have to get the same envelope as that.
You know what I'm going to do?
You're filled for like 30 seconds.
I'm going to go give me an envelope and I'm going to get my checkbook.
And I'm going to write this check in a couple of stamps.
That's right.
I'm going to write it out right here just as quite fat stuff here.
I'll do that.
I'll wait for that food by the way.
And there's still nine certificates for a notebook.
I'm in the wine.
I'm still embarrassed.
Just talking to Catherine this morning.
What would I want back?
We're all going back.
Yep.
That's great.
Tell me you would try to slip away somehow.
Oh, I need you.
Eight bucks.
Oops.
I want to see your answer.
Good luck, John.
Okay, I got my two stamps on the envelope.
All right.
Two Canadian stamps because it's going to the USA.
In fact, let me write that right here on the bottom.
USA.
USA.
USA.
I feel so much more macho now.
I'm hurt.
And I got the stamps on there kind of cut guide.
Cortis is going to look at that thing.
Oh boy, he's really must be stolen.
I know he's not.
No, he's just going to rip it open and grab the damn check.
That's right.
That's right.
I'm screwing this thing all up on my return address and everything.
That's all right.
He needs more of me.
I'm writing and talking at the same time.
I know.
It's not the same as singing in the shower isn't.
And dropping me your body wash, walking in chewing bubble gum.
Okay, I got to return it.
I got you.
I said I got my check book right here.
Yeah.
Now let's see how big should I make this check?
Oh, maybe I should go by six.
Maybe I should write one for Chris too.
I think you should.
I think you should.
It's not going to happen.
I'm not going to ask for it.
I'm not like that.
Well, what do I owe you?
I don't know.
Painting grief.
Briefing suffering.
I don't know who knows.
Let's see.
Josh Cordis.
I almost wrote my own name in here.
I could use it.
I could go cash it.
Take it to wood.
Yeah.
A grand, yeah.
My balance.
$1,000.
No, my checks don't balance.
Although to be honest with it, the way things are here.
I have a lot of expenses.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
$1,000 and no $100.
$1,000.
What do I write for what?
Sex.
Okay.
I'm going to write that.
I wrote that for sex.
No, always do.
Somebody hands me a check.
Or something along those lines.
I wouldn't pay him a thousand bucks.
Are you kidding me?
Maybe 50.
How about eight bucks?
Yeah, that's more like it.
No, I sure would not pay him for sex.
Eight bucks for a-
Sorry, Josh.
Huh?
I'm looking at it.
I mean, yeah.
Yeah.
That'll make sense now.
I wrote that for sex.
I wrote that on there, sex.
That's-
Now, who do they really look at?
They don't have time to look at that.
Who do they?
The machine.
The automatic-
Caching machine.
Josh, I'm not sending this to you like I used to.
I'm sending it directly to him.
What about my chip?
Care of what?
You want me to put that in the same envelope?
Well, yeah, or something?
Get out of here.
I'll FedEx that to your side.
Okay, well, bless your heart.
How fast do you need it?
Today, I've been waiting for it all week.
I get home everyday.
Get out of here.
You need it today.
I'm not lying.
Every day, I get home and I look through my chip show up.
I should have schmitcanded.
Bastard.
Well, I only asked you because, you know, you're the computer maven.
And I- what do I know from chip?
I'm glad you did.
You know about chips and dip.
Now, let's see.
What's the address?
20295 Northwest Second Avenue?
Jess.
My jammy.
Just a minute.
No, sweet water.
No, wait, check the-
Second Avenue.
Miami, Florida.
Right.
33169.
That's it.
What a memory.
What a memory.
And what penmanship?
That's something as you get older right scraggly, you know.
Okay, there it is.
Ready to go right at 2 o'clock.
A red chip?
Now, you really wanted to try and start that today.
I would like you to mail it to me somehow at your earliest convenience
and then expecting it for two weeks.
I was wondering what-
It was-
I'm not blaming you.
I'm not blaming you.
I'm not blaming you.
I'm not blaming you.
I'm not-
I'm just trying to get you to appreciate how desperately I've been wanting this thing and it was supposed to have been there Monday.
Oh, the Dow is down to only 255.
Oh, right. I'll FedEx are to you.
Thank you.
I love you.
No, you don't.
Deeply.
It's a mad passionate kind of love.
Got 126 votes on the poll.
That means we got over 1100 today.
Oh, I bet your Chris is just swelled up with pride.
Oh, so happy.
Swollen was fat.
Week after week, more and more people are taking advantage.
How come the spot is in this break?
Who knows?
Of our half-priced deals.
I don't know.
Well, that's okay.
It's only a half-hour away before the stir opens.
Starting at noon today, you can buy $100 certificates for just $50 bucks to Jake's barn grill on Red Road just eat to US one.
I bet you the food's going to be there very soon.
I hope so.
Jake's known as the watering hole for grown-ups and it certainly is, but it's also a favorite in the Gables and South Miami for its sensational food.
Like their macadamia-crusted mahi, hold the bone yellowtail or their snapper.
Meat lovers feast on their famous steaks and ribs.
Right now, Jake's got their steak special.
Every Thursday night with your choice of a 60-ounce New York strip and eight-ounce tenderloin or a 60-ounce bone-in rib by all just $18 bucks.
You also get to choose the accompaniment in two sides.
Plus half-priced wine on Wednesdays and Sunday nights it's authentic Memphis barbecue in the kids eat free.
All of this waiting for you, Jake's barn grill, 69-01 Red Road, that's 57th Avenue.
For reservations call 305-662-8632 and get ready in a little over half an hour.
Write it in the noon today to buy $100 certificates for just half price on wqam.com.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Your business is your largest.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Are you sure?
Or land who else are Gary?
Have a good night.
Do not have a hard sport radio 560 QAM.
The sports reader.
New York.
Yeah.
Tonight, Fox News presents an expose on the Chicago-based radical group of gay meteorologists in the early 1970s known as the weather underground.
Help it there.
Check out my high pressure ring south of my border.
In that domestic storm.
It's raining back.
We're doing fine now.
A good night.
And see to a light shot.
What do you mean by that?
Well, ain't no feature Chicago.
I know, but I hear other women say it.
What's that mean anyway?
I don't know.
Light shot?
It we an Hong Kong fluency.
It's raining back.
Discover the truth behind Barack Hussein or Thomas involvement with the weather underground.
Okay, weathermen will go underground.
Who's that kid you would tell me about?
Oh, that little sweetie with a silly name.
Barack so riley or something.
And he's too young to be playing with the pointed.
Oh, nothing like that, sugar.
He just wants me to teach him how to write backwards.
Who knows, he may grow up to be president someday.
Yeah, right.
The weather underground or underground weather.
Exposed.
Oh, we are fairly unbalanced.
I'm talking to you.
Why do you should be pretty damn proud of me?
Your thing is all set to go.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
Wasn't that pretty quick?
It's very quick.
You do everything quick.
I understand.
And that's because I got my supplies here, man.
I got my pre-printed Zone.
FedEx shipping stuff.
And I got my envelopes and that.
A rat.
So I put it like a little, I put that little thing into a little envelope inside the FedEx envelope.
And it'll be honest way.
You'll have it tomorrow.
All right.
They said it here.
Yeah.
Eight.
It'll be there tomorrow.
Thank you.
Somebody steals it.
By the way, it's very valuable.
Yes.
We've got to give him a dollar.
FedEx for George shows up tomorrow.
It's still it.
That was down to 41.
Not so bad.
It was down over 300 before.
Although it's early in the day.
It couldn't have a real plunge, you know.
It could be really, really bad.
But that's where it goes.
Keep a stiff upper lip and just laugh.
That's all this laugh.
It's only money, man.
Oh, yeah.
Now here's a joke.
From Miles.
It takes to the warding.
Miles in the land.
It's not it's Halloween joke.
It says.
Cabbie picks up a nun.
She gets into the cab.
Notice is that the very handsome cab driver won't stop staring at her.
She asks him why he's staring.
He replies, I have a question to ask you, but I don't want to offend you.
She answers, my son, you can't offend me.
When you're as old as I am and have been a nun as long as I have,
you get a chance to see and hear just about everything.
I'm sure there's nothing you could say or ask that I would find offensive.
Well, I've always had a fantasy to have a nun kiss me.
She responds, well, let's see what we can do about that.
Number one, you have to be single.
And number two, you must be Catholic.
The cab driver is very excited and says, yes, I'm single and I'm Catholic.
Okay, the nun says, pull into the next alley.
The nun fulfills his fantasy with a kiss that would make a hooker blush.
But when they get back under road, the cab driver starts crying.
My dear child says, the nun, why are you crying?
Forgive me, but I've sinned.
I lied and I must confess.
I'm married and I'm Jewish.
The nun says, that's okay.
My name is Kevin.
I'm going to a Halloween party.
I heard that before.
Maybe it'll be funny later.
100 years on Halloween, maybe.
Oh, not even a little chuckle.
No, I heard it before.
Why didn't you interrupt me then?
Maybe other people hadn't.
Who is Christian purifier?
Boy, boy.
Christian purifier?
I got to know that.
You sprayed on Christians.
Is he a good Christian?
I don't know.
Italy is the rest of the world.
And everyone here is throwing that support behind the one that is going to be a good one.
And they think can help the world's problems of Obama.
I'm Mr. Obama.
Now, I know it's a stupid question, but those brits, you know, what they did to South Africa.
We all know what they did.
And so the white people in South Africa, they speak with that British accent just like the Austrians.
Right?
And like some of Canadians, eh?
Right?
Michael says, sorry to be a chronic.
This is rather interesting.
It's certainly better than that stale joke.
Now, the joke was okay.
I thought it was cute.
Not everybody heard it.
I know.
Michael says, I worked for Lefty Rosenthal once.
He used to run Crocs, a bar in Boka back in the 90s.
I worked at that bar during a summer before I went to college.
I was actually working at the night of OJ slow moving Bronco chase.
The whole party was sitting there watching the whole thing.
He was okay.
Robert De Niro came in and met with him one night when they were starting to move, make the movie Casino.
I always thought it was pretty silly that I had to have De Niro come to the bar to meet with him.
They could have met anywhere, but that's how he wanted it.
He wanted everyone to see he got De Niro in that bar.
So in that regard, he was like a typical software to want to be, but he was a showman and the bar always did well,
even during the summer slow season.
He always tipped the employees above what customers gave us.
Good old Lefty.
Well, he wasn't such a bad guy then, Lefty Rosenthal, huh?
I mean, some of the gangsters were okay.
They took care of their people.
Speaking of gangsters, saw food.
Somebody sends me an email.
Yeah.
And it's an old, old, old, old thing.
So not sure if this is up to date.
No.
Sofus 867 North Dearborn Street, Chicago.
10% fee, 10% to first year.
7.5% to second year.
Charges retainer 15 hundred bucks.
If the client makes less than 80 grand, 25 hundred bucks of more retainer, yadi, yadi.
So not sure if this is up to date.
At least one person is definitely deceased, Bob Wolf.
Bob Wolf was a great broadcaster.
He's dead?
What?
There's a lot of dead people, you know?
Can you ask you that question again?
What do you think are there more people living?
Dead.
More people dead.
Starting for one.
You know, 6,000 years ago when the world was created?
Right.
That way we're starting.
Adam and Eve were under the treaty.
Dead.
More dead people.
Eating that pear.
There's more dead people than living peop.
That's my guess.
You know, I'm just, uh, I put my arse, yeah.
That's a good job for Chris.
Chris, I'll lose a little bit of weight.
Maybe an answer to go out there and start counting all the dead people.
All right, I'll see you later.
Speaking of that, the family of a dead elderly woman cremated her remains on a makeshift barbecue
and continued to code.
This is from Corning California.
All right.
And continued collecting her retirement checks money more than 25 grand.
Authorities in Northern California said Ramona, Almond's daughter and grandson were arrested Sunday
on suspicion of embezzlement elderly or elder abuse and disposing of a body without a permit.
Almond 84, likely died of natural causes.
The investigators were still trying to determine the exact cause of death said to Hamlet County Sheriff's Captain Paul Hozler.
Almond's daughter, Kathleen Almond 50 and Almond's grandson Tony Rae 30.
Total investigators, the relative died in December.
They left her body on a bedroom floor for a week before cremating the remains in the backyard fire pit.
Investigators said the two kept collecting Almond's monthly retirement checks,
mounting to more than 25 grand.
Sheriff's detective Richard Knox said they may have been trying to honor Almond's desire to die at home and be cremated.
Right.
Sounds sensible to me, don't that?
Sure.
The two were arrested after Almond's son grew suspicious about her whereabouts.
Both were in jail in lieu of bail, but the Raymond scheduled for today.
The Sheriff's Department said they don't have attorneys yet.
To his Ray.
Well, Rae says thanks and he lost his appetite.
I'm not sure whether it was from the story he sent me or from looking at that picture of mine.
And Renee in Atlanta is very topical.
What about Frank Sinatra's Renee beautiful voice?
And we did that poll, what was that like 18 weeks ago?
Yeah, at least.
The most beautiful voice.
And Renee is just catching up.
What about Frank Sinatra for the podium todays and days?
Well, you know, it's Atlanta.
Things kind of trickle real slowly up into Atlanta.
And if you've ever been here, you'd understand why.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, it was Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's a big dog.
Joe Rose.
Weakly morning 7 o'clock.
Where's that Florida sports?
Always matters.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
Oh, it's killer.
Ticket ticket.
Sport leader.
Were you grudge back in?
I'm John McCain, my prisoner.
And I don't approve of negative campaigning.
Because it doesn't give Americans much hope for the future.
And my friend is here.
The badama afraid my friends that Barack Obama is a terrorist.
Who wants you all to die?
I have it on Kodasar, the my friend.
But at the age of nine, Barack Obama was affiliated with homegrown terrorist,
Lou Ares.
Who flew bisexual planes until an answer to death.
Through bisexual planes into initial stacks of hay.
And I think once on the climate dealership, I'm not sure.
At the tender age of six, Barack Obama consorted with known underground radicals.
Paul Crashner and Abby Dalton.
Barack Obama was the elusive fifth beetle, my friend.
Who was a member of the Charlie Mansion family.
And he has Tori DeFairy with Squicky from Willie Horton here.
Joho, my friend.
Barack Obama held light skin-shot for Buffalo Bill.
And played the triangle in Dr. Judge's death symphony.
And that's not the kind of change we can break a 20-wiz, my friend.
And I have my queen for now.
You think maybe Dick Taney is really lurched in the skies?
I think he's out there.
I think he's a professor.
Wow, he's here festering in my crawl, I'll tell you that.
What is a crawl?
It's right over here.
Now it's down 165, by the way, we're making a comeback.
What?
It's right over there.
The crawl.
So I was just thinking,
you know, I'm going to have to do a little bit of a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
I'm going to have to do a roll.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
That was down to two.
While it had two days.
But they would make a roll.
But they both, you know,
right away from that.
...
I would have been great if McCain would
have looked at Obama than terrorists.
Terrorist, they would have been great.
Terrorist.
Terrorist.
I might be getting a little bit of respect.
But he just lost tons of respect last night.
He was just a grotesque.
1,78 on the downside of the Dow.
well i think one of its very best moments of this debate they had a long
conversation at the negative tone of the campaign and after you've been
using the bill air thing for a bit the king came back and said but my
campaign is all about the economy and i think that was a wonderful use of the
true smile by obama he had a tweak on the eye he was saying in effect i don't
believe that his campaign is really about the economy that was that was good as
if who who the hell are you kidnol man
kind of like me who you're kidnol man i don't know i must be kidding the
easily because they keep sending those big checks every two weeks
although that's going to be over in about what two and a half months
yeah
the start sending me much smaller checks every two weeks all i'm going to
survive on that
you're gonna have to help me out i got some good advice for you
yeah
cut some sandbags from your balloon
it's always the same you know
always the same crap
god
travis is what's up with all these brits coming on CNN msnbc fox at all
and giving their spills in our politics
don't they have politics in their country are we starting to outsource our media
to
let me tell you travis when they start putting on people from injure to give
their analization
if we can start getting some german triple x programming on our public
tv's
that i'm all for it but until then let them go home
let those pasty brits go home a man travis use got it
i would read the poll result but i don't like this poll
should we smith can i mean there's no point in us doing a poll on the debate
last night we did that before and you know this audience
we got about six McCain people out there and and those people we'd like to
crush with a
with uh...
something
mac truck
here's somebody who says when i look at the picture of nela website i'll
this is a poll suggestion
you want to hear it
okay
get horny
get nauseous
promises are my died immediately
don't find don't find anything wrong with it
think it looks a lot like me
think it looks just like i always picture you would look like
polka hot stick in my eye or thought it was george
cute no i can
that's not bad but put that in my pile my poll pile
or here's one from a choice which
the fate joys pitch
neodyway no longer to make fun of or play any parodies and reference to how
are david and
but don't don't
mister david is suing the company for defecation of character
by the way in the six minutes we got the two for one things on wqm dot com
is the food area
wow
from jakes bar
mister david is suing the company for defecation of character is very upset about
the big play regarding his hairpiece
mister david is sworn under oath he does not wear a herpes and has never had
surgery on his head of any sort
i'm sorry mister rogers but how are david vets need
to go
to do it you must stop these vets immediately and suffer the consequences
as you know neal i can totally show you must listen to me obey me now a
whole sincerely
joys pitch aka beasley bitch p s
i blow i blow i blow it's got like ten of those i blow i blow it's
joys blows
and everyone knows
god it's almost noon already i'm going to tell you one thing the emails have
done
and
it makes the show seem like it last about five minutes for me
does that because i'm well because i'm big i'm busy man
bc i'm really busy
if you're really interested number of that is going to be estimated if you go
back to the days of the pyramids
five thousand years ago
it says to me that some six billion have died around the number of living
living today
if you go back to the introduction of the modern man
forty to forty five thousand years ago
estimates range from twelve
billion to a hundred ten billion dead
that would mean we
several ancestors to each living today so living won't be catching up to
dead anytime soon
hope that answers your question
we're not catching up but the way they're going last couple days i think we're
really making a big move man
i'm
all my ass
four hundred and sixty qa m
the
fourth
leader
this is pretty quick whenever i shape my balls
i listen to the meal Rogers twelve to one hour
i thought christie and he was very
tell
this religion
thing was not for me
absolutely
they held a big convention
let me in for free
i don't know what i was about to see
oh they were speaking in
time
that
made me believe
that
was kind of fun
just
take it out of my mouth
speak in time
they got people
even my tongue is
we
then from side to side
that
that
that
that
that
that
that
that
that
that
that
that
my tongue
to
that
whatever i do
will
forgive me
because now i speak in time
that
makes me believe
that
that
Look and the Mavins fun
Playing round the time
Well, one is five sixty WQM happy Thursday to you from all your Pizons at the WQAM the three of us
And of course get in touch with your wife they come on. He did not touch me that check for sure tomorrow
I don't think he's here. I think he's stuck in that meeting like Chris said no, well
Like I said you can do it everyone now we got 50 of these certificates for jakes
So I'm assuming the food is there right cuz you just send me the you know no no
Jeff said the guy is a minute away stuck in traffic
Okay, we got 32 left so we've already sold 18 real quick out of the 50
These are $100 certificates for 50 bucks, and I'm looking at this menu
The steak special Thursday night menu and it's making me get really upset cuz I'm not there
Yeah, every Thursday night all cuts 18 bucks 16 ounce in your strip eight ounce tender one 16 ounce bone in rib eye all cuts you
West D.H. Choice beef all come with your choice of one accompaniment
One of these Jimmy Tury blue cheese butter. Oh God. That sounds good garlic confit or peppercorn demiglis and all sticks come with
Choice of two sides sauteed spinach themed asparagus brussel sprouts with parmesan or as mr. Eagle would say parmesan
Roasted chitake mushrooms hand-cut french fries sweet tater steak fries baked mac and cheese crispy chili onion rings or tomato sweet onion salad
God I
Could just sink my teeth into one of those great pieces of meat right now
mmm
With that blue cheese butter, and that sound good sounds great. You're making me hungry. Oh, yeah, too bad food sounds there. Yeah, it'll be there
So I guess we'll assign the fat boy to a 27 we sold 23 we're almost halfway home
See slow and steady is the way these things are gonna go now
22 we sold more than half 28 28
It's a fabulous place boy. I can't wait for you to eat the food so I can hear you what the place is great
I've been there two or three times already
And
There's nothing next day
Well, that sounds like really good meat. Oh, yeah
Did that was down 146 by the way for those who are getting all panicky don't get panicky was down over 300 earlier
It'll definitely not go down more than what two three thousand points today. Don't worry
When the number on CNBC on the gambling channel starts with a minus that's the time to start getting a little bit worried
That's right minus
When you open points kind of like that book tomorrow morning. I almost forgot about that
Maybe that's why I'm in such a great chipper mood today, huh?
Yeah
21 we got 21 left
Out of the 50 means we sold 29
We're going to a pretty good rate wouldn't you say that is because nobody's got any money these days
That's why everything has come slowed down to a crawl and nobody's got any money
except Jake the plumber
Joe the plumber right whatever the hell's name is get it right. This is cute from Barbara a
Typical day in retirement in Florida. I haven't read it yet, but it's it's cute. I think
It better be it's long it'll take us up till midnight
We get up at 5 a.m. Have a quick breakfast and join the early morning walk in talk club
There are about 30 of us
Rainer shine we walk around the streets all talking at once after a nibble walk avoiding I read drivers out to make us road kill
We go back home shower and change for the next activity
My wife goes directly to the pool for her underwater Pilates class followed by gasping for breath and CPR
I put them. I asked me about my grandchildren T-shirt my mid-caps shorts my socks and sandals and go to the clubhouse lobby for a nice nap
Before you know it's time for lunch. We go to Costco to partick of the many tasty samples dispensed by ladies and white hair
Nets all free after a filling lunch
This is cute after a filling lunch if we don't have any doctor appointments
We might go to the flea market to buy a Rolex watch for two dollars
We're usually back home by 2 p.m. To get ready for dinner people start lining up for the early bird around 3 p.m
But we get there by 345 because we're late eaters
The dinners are very popular because of the large portions they serve
You can take home enough food for the next day's lunch and dinner including extra bread cracker sweet and low packets and mints
At 5.30 p.m. We're home ready to watch the six o'clock news by 6.30. We're fast asleep
Then we get up and make 5 or 6 trips to the bathroom during the night as time to get up and start a new day all over again
Doctor-related activities will eat up most of your retirement time
I enjoy reading old magazines and sub-zero temperatures in the waiting room so I don't mind
Calling for test results also help the days fly by it takes at least half an hour
Just getting through the doctor's phone menu
Then there's a whole time until your connection to the right party
Sometimes they forget your holding and the whole office goes to lunch
Many of the receptionists are quite rude they keep you standing near that dopey closed window totally ignoring you
After half an hour I ignore the do not tap on the windows sign I tap on the window
This always drives them nuts
If you do they put down their egg McMuffin or their copy of the inquirer and fling open the window ready for a fight
I lie explaining I tap the window accidentally because I have Parkinson's
They claim they're required to keep the window closed because of the privacy law
But I don't believe it they're afraid if they were over if I were to over here saw lip shits has hemorrhoids that I would blackmail
Resolve information to a foreign government is everyone in Florida in Florida everyone's got hemorrhoids says Barbara
You got boys
No, not at the moment
We're down to 20 left we've sold 30
30 me 20 left for jakes
Choosing a development with suitable amenities is an important decision the various clubs in these communities provide most of the activities
Art developments got over 300 clubs. There's something for everyone clubs like the kidney donating club the Taliban club
The East meets west club not to be confused with the west meets east club, etc
A truly active community is one where the ambulance is there several times today and is part of the travel club
Most lights important to choose a development with an impressive name
Italian names are very popular in Florida. They convey world traveler up at a sophistication and wealth
Where would you rather live maris condos or the lakes of Venice?
There's no difference. They're both owned by Murray who happens to be a cheap SOB
I hope this material has been of some help to you future retirees
If I can be of any further assistance, please look me up when you're in Florida
I live in the leaning condos of pizza in Boyton Beach
This is blah blah. It's cute, huh? Quite you didn't think so it was cute
You know long the food's not there. The food's here now. It was long, huh? The foods here now
All right, let's hear it all right. I sure hope you they brought you some of those great steaks with those sides and accompaniments
I don't know what he brought we got 20 left by the way
I'm gonna just throw it at my face on wqm.com
Green
What do you bring you? Colored greens
Colored greens. Well, I'm sure there's more than that there holy moly
Oh, tenderloin. Oh, right tenderloin. Mmm
Save some of that meat for me. I'll be right down. Ooh cornbread. Oh, how a peanut cornbread. Oh
All right
Okay, moving along you eat I'll talk how's that great plan
Adam says I thought that Adam Adam says your shows all I got see and here I was I was taking great
Pride in the fact that Adam who's a somewhere in Ontario
Was sending me all these emails all the time. I thought that maybe Adam was like a bench, you know
But come to find out that Adam has no I have no life
He says any advice or someone who doesn't want to keep on keeping on
I'm 20. This is supposed to be the best time of my life, but I'm horribly depressed
I don't know what I'm doing with myself any advice. Yeah, see it would buy an Adam bring me a couple hundred bucks
That's very sad
I thought hopefully Adam's just he's fun in me, right?
Yeah
Digging into your tenderloin. I got some filet. Ooh
I bet you if you could cut it with your finger
To 11 on the pole
What's the most tired movie premise?
Underdog team beats powerhouse 40 slasher kills teens 35
Loner cop has to do things his own way 28 disaster flicks 21
Formless geek wins the hot chick from rich jock 20
retard makes good 12
Cop has to get revenge for partner 11 reluctant buddies nine little guy prevails against huge corporation eight
The Z's of the week eight flesh eating zombies six
Chick road movie five body switch four
Political who on the debate among undecided Obama 49 McCain 46 that's the closest one I've seen
Body switch for depressing a self-destruction too and cripple overcoming handicapped has got two markets down 132
Everything smells like roses
The biggest name the best talent is the mad dog
A man that's after New Orleans for the seven sports radio five sixty QAM these
Sports leaders anybody have a heart or a liver
I'm calling regarding the logic to add in the
Funcent no today. I find it highly insulting as a Catholic that you people could even put such an advertisement in the paper
How dare you all be so insulting so us?
It's a Christmas season and you represent him as a Pope
You think was so stupid it was hateful and it shouldn't have been done
I wonder if this was something to do with this beauty
Judaism whether it was we could say well as anti-chimetic
It's racism so it shouldn't be done, but the Catholics can be kicked around like this
Neil gorgeous is
So how dare you people do this? How dare you you should take down an apology the same size of that ad in the new state
It's all of us. Yeah, the same size is your ass you silly ass bitch
It's 1215 and 560 WQ. I'm that was one of our last the best of CDs to the one with the pope
Yep, you'll poke really if you need you I mean it is awesome the ribs are incredible. Hmm. He
He only brought like a like like 20 racks of rib. All right
If anybody's in the building and they aren't taught Drek please come in and get some food. Yeah, if you're tied Drek stay the hell away
We got 19 left of the 50 certificates for jakes 14 like I said now they're going in chunks
I think we're gonna sell them all out. Oh, we better this place is awesome food is great
Boy you get a hundred dollars to do it for just 50 bucks especially the way things are right now these times
Oh boy today's economy in today's economy. That's right with these tough times
I'm having a tough time getting my two getting two needs to rub together
Here's a spy report from Bill spike wise
You remember bill wise you do of course that is shocking
He was the predecessor to a boy gary right right then they stuffed him over on the FM
On the coast or somewhere right here GTR
Then they blew him out then they blew him out bill spike wise from the old IOD days it's not him of course. Oh and guess
Guess what the
Guess what the email address is oh
Bill spike wise from at mr. Radio Junior dot
At live dot com
Yeah, Jeff Gansers on 93.5 the quake
K L K X FM and Rosamond California serving the analog value area
He does my mid days and weekends
Jazz McKay see everybody
Is on 1560 K NZR and Bakersfield, California kicking ass with 25 kilowatts of effective radiated power
He follows rush BingBang Limbaugh and Laura ingram is on that station as well
I never knew he was a Nazi a biker Nazi X-con as well
All his callers for from the inside
Is there anyone else you'd like me to look up? I do anything for you by the way I forgot did I ever get Joe from floors his tickets to see the hoop back in 89
Sign bill spike wise
Well, that's the music of a question was bill wise
No, he was an idiot, but then again he worked for cost broadcast and kind of like Mike Disney
Whatever happened to the guy
John
Was he a promotion no he wasn't promotion to go oh the Dow is up on
20 oh
What's down 87 sent now, but it's borderline it's hovering
It's kind of like your governor borderline. Yeah, uh, it is the ones the wedding. I haven't got my invitation yet to Charlie
Lumpur's Chris wedding yet. I don't know
We got 14 certificates left and boy if we have any left today at the end of the day. That's going to be a shame
Because this is a really great place and you guys are just in in hog heaven right now
jalapeno cornbread
To die for oh here's one from bokeh dot brine at luckymail.com
Neil, where's my check you fat you I'm dying over here sign bokeh brine
Well, there's a lot of fake everybody's you know what each your hard out Dan La Bastard with all your fake people
Oh, he's got as the fake sports people
We got fake everybody like even fake bokeh brine
yep
Here's david he says been listening to you since the wio d days my parents always had you want to have it stop listening since
Thanks god david
Is mccayne not the most frightening unstable candidate you've ever seen he makes bush look like JFK
This man is dangerous and he must be stopped
My mother back home in Miami thinks there will be a terrorist attack nothing like 9-11 but enough to scare everybody
What do you think nothing? What surprised me with these far-bisoned okay?
They'll do just about anything they need to do to keep their keep their loins on the uh thing
P.S. Been in LA the last 10 years pursuing your career in music when did Alice Rantel become such a Nazi?
Oh, I think right around the same time she came out of the closet convenient
Yeah
self-hating kind of like from the a mad drug just storybook mm-hmm same thing
self-hating you fair queen
But Alice is back. She's back just in time for the election
Still got those 14 left. I'm just gonna start getting upset if we don't move those
I just hate an entire filet
And that's true at a time they just came there. Yep
Wow
You know, you know what's probably slowing this down
I think I'm gonna take that envelope and take the check out of there again from oh that thing
You know, I I went and looked at that web page the other day. Yeah, when we were doing the Indian restaurant
Oh right now now it's like a hundred times bigger than it was before yeah
It's almost impossible to find your post on there to click on it and get something
Chase for the cup and it's like a big big banner on the left that keeps moving
And as you keep scrolling now finally I can get to open now, I get a my thing
The best thing is just go in the right hand column forget about that one and oh it finally worked
It's like on delay now
13 we got left. We'll sell them all out that was up 18 point oh
Party in our pants come on
Get up and dance the he be GB. Oh
These rigs are awesome these ribs are awesome there. I'm gonna have some milk
And we got 13 certificates left. That's outrageous
I know that they're going a lot slower and a lot of people like footy aren't even doing them anymore
That's because you don't have a show but long before we got canned they stopped doing his certificates
He wanted to why he wasn't selling any
He wasn't selling it. That's because right wingers are cheap. They got a lot of money many of them, but they're cheap
Remember at i and z we did a charity thing and mr. Broward aka Jules Adler mr
Right wing. He was our token right winger on a station
He didn't raise squat all the rest of us. We got you know good donations for whatever it held was for and he couldn't raise squat
Because the right wingers all talk about game, but they keep the money tight to their ass
right in that wallet
jose's i noticed McCain started out to debate by giving us the status of Nancy Reagan's health
He did the same the first debate referring to 10 Kennedy notice there was no mention of chainy
But then at this point McCain will jump at any opportunity to mention the word Reagan and disassociate himself with the current corrupt Bush regime
The difference between the candidates his McCain seems to be bumbling through a script full of attacks
Contempted anger while Obama stands up to his opponent where they respectful tough and diplomatic manner
That showed me how these two would handle foreign leaders in difficult situations
With Obama will have far fewer enemies in our prestige will be restored possibly better than ever
Obama is special and it seems mainstream America is beginning to understand that
The campaign is about hope versus hate
And i can remember you calling Obama is our next president back when he was in a room full of other democratic candidates
Bush be gone says Joe that's right. I thought it. I told you
Once every 10 or 20 years man, I get something right
Unfortunately about 11 or 12 years ago. I got something wrong. We came to Q.A. Amin
Nothing's perfect
Little did we know what you knew?
You knew after that summertime of events we got 13 certificates left for jakes bar and grill
$100 certificates you pay only 50 bucks. It's on wqam.com and maybe if you can find that banner with my push on it
Almost every night of the week also they have some type of special going on so yeah places great
I think they're feeding you for free over there. I wish
And you sure i mean obviously it's a great place but you sure are really
Got their head way up there collective ass. I mean you just love it. It's a great place. It's right on a corner
So it's easy access the food is awesome the place is just great like you know it's great ambiance and everything
All the people are really nice. So why wouldn't you like it exactly what's not to like
The real one from hialia as opposed to a fake one
As opposed to mario. I don't hear from mario anymore. Thank god. Have we seen a fake one? What? I've ever seen a fake one. Oh, yeah
Hello, Neil. First let me congratulate you on your show no matter which four matter what obstacles are placed in your way
Thanks, Joyce you always managed to provide an interesting enjoyable entertainment
I'll turn it to the rest of the programming crap on radio these days especially in south florida
I can always count on you to provide me with some last information
I would otherwise not be receiving thanks for reading the bedtime stories
I don't always have time to log on to your website and read them myself
Anyway, after watching the debate last night I got an instant headache watching the talking heads follow head over heels once again
Over something as simple as a well thought well written well rehearsed response to a talking point senator obama was sure to be trying
Back really types seven and a mechanic president bush
Instead of pointing out how well Obama stayed on message and didn't get himself drawn into the motorgate
All crabby and pissed off as the grouchy old man did
If it wasn't republicans vote stealing apparatus which they're sure to deploy whether they're candidates ahead in the polls or not
I would say right now game over p s whatever happened to the mime and police prostitution scandal
We're still checking that one out
Like oh jay still wishes you were on a course looking for the killer of run in the call
But he can't be because he's on the inside and he's still on the inside
You know in Vegas
somebody sent a cute picture
What stays and what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas got a picture oh jay behind bars cute medium cute
not hysterical cute, but
cutesy
We still got 13 certificates left. What are we gonna do to sell these all out?
Jump up and down and scream
Okay, I'll jump up and down you be the scraper. Okay jump up and down
The best talent
You know, Roger
I think
Fourth late sports reader. I know that the zord even loves neo-rodgers
What I did in Alaska I got involved in the pta and then was elected to the city council
And I was just your average hockey mom in Alaska
Don't attack
She's loved by the ride
She took his plane sold it on eBay
My
She'll fire you if you step out alive
She was an ex I don't know miss a last cut
She is a qualified candidate
I
Do
This is the most qualified
He could have picked this is the pick that John McCain made. I think John McCain is a question
What's the question 12 30 at 5 60 on WQ him getting a little choked up again. I thought it was 100% over this
Flim there's just a little bit in there. Maybe if I get a trowel yeah or it's hype it or move my bow about a spoon
Spoon be good when I'm doing it out of there spoons one. I'm long thin spoons like when you get a hot-fudge sundae or something in a like a real fountain place
Like Alan's drugs
Is
Is it Alan's it is
You know there's an Alan's is it Alan? No, it was cutting ham drugs in Michigan state east lancing cutting ham drugs
And they had a fountain that that's back in 1960. Yeah, 61 did they have soda jerks?
No, yeah, and they had a lot of customers who were jitter-djuever
Jerk
Yeah, the soda jerk
We got 11 left for Jake Sparrow and grill in the gables
6901 red road scandalous food is what scandalous?
What that we have 11 after the food yeah, and that they're $100 certificates
Yeah, they're $100 certificates for just 50 bucks. They should all be gone right now if we had any audience or if anybody had any
Bar and group you know working it up with that we're working it we're working it and it's moving along
You know what on this list of side dishes sounds really well. I like them all
Even in which you probably don't like brussel sprouts because you don't like your veggies brussel sprouts are yeah
Brussels sparts with parmesan man, that sounds just awesome
But that's something parmesan with yeah
You're gonna get a spanking and I guarantee that your program director's gonna be given it to you
Oh, no, you're just going to know. Yeah, he's gonna put your fat ass over his knee and spank you until your guts spill out
And it's a fish. I already told you I'll be here tomorrow. So
Well, thank you so much for carrying enough to say thank you very much for what for having you on the show
What's your job? You have to thank me for having a job
Jesus god like we ran out on a street corner and picked you out of a crowd
Well, you know the way the thing you're going to go man you're going to go and we're real happy to have you
Well, thank you very much most of the time. I'm happy to be here crispy
Boy, you are really easy he's working for like 20 cent an hour. It's better than nothing in an hour
Crispy chili onion rings that sounds awesome
Did they bring any of those? I bet you're not no
Doesn't that sound good definitely crispy chili onion rings
hmm
They brought sweet potato steak fries. Yeah
Oh baked mac and cheese. Oh, oh, I love you know me and I'm not gonna cheat. Yeah, how's the mac and cheese you?
Let's go start to met up here. I had some of it. Yes, it was very good
You know when macaroni and cheese is the best I've told you this before when it's like crisp like like um
Burnt on top a little bit. Not burn. Yeah, well when you go there they bring it out to you. It's like your side dish
And they bring it on to you like this little
You know container not container but a nice little like uh, it's not a container
What? Yes, I think whatever a casserole
Yes, so it's got the brown the the crust on the top of it and it's just doing baby good inside
Like creme whole lay, you know, you know how they do that with a creme relay
Yeah, you know, do that use the blow torch. That's right. He was a blow torch
We've only got 10 left now in the certificates
That was down 20 and a half points. Oh, there's that silly as queen
If the six circuit court of appeals said your right Republican party the secretary of state has got to do this
She's got to confederal appeals court order to hire to reprogram. How to registration database at the counties
We didn't have to liquidate any time for the October 25th at least she's out date
Which is the beginning of she out the absentee ballots now the secretary of state says this is wrong for a lot of reasons first of all
She says this list this system has been in an effect for at least four years in Ohio
It was used for the general election in 2006 the presidential primaries
We have nine rings. It's a little late now
She says to come just before the election and claim there's something wrong with it
Secondly, she says there's a competing federal law that says you can't make wholesale changes in the voter registration list
Within 90 days of the election and finally she says this is a they've already started the absentee voting
This is going to be chaos if she has to sort of drop everything and comply with this ruling
So that's why she's asking the supreme court to step in here
And the question for the justices is whether they want to just sort of put a hold on everything
Let the state go ahead with the system it has here. Let him fix it again. Okay. They did a really a hell of a job in 2004
whale of a job
Rocky says you think mad dog man is still thinks oil prices are based on supply and demand
He kept saying that the price of a barrel was based on solely on supply and demand right they got oil up the ass those reg heads man
They got oil everywhere
back home and the price is determined what did I tell you it's whatever the public will the consumer will bear and
When people start resisting and they stop driving and then when it gets a little bit too close to the election
And when the economy is going to hell on a hand basket. Oh gee oil was down to like 70 bucks a barrel
You realize the prices dropped half of what it was
Yeah, 70 dollars and 20 cents right now right as I spoke I turned on bnn the business news network
Canadian a
84.14 on the looney. That's not bad. I'll take it 84 cent euro is 134
And the T.S. X the Toronto stock exchanges down to 160 point probably a lot more than that if they would have elected that frog
Stefan Dioll
God
There's one thing I can't stand is people running for public office in a country where they can't speak the language
That's the language of the country
Stefan Dioll man. I'm telling you liberals in Canada you got a death wish
I'm dying on the hand but nevertheless
But like I said we go only got eight left we're gonna sell them all today
It's been quite a while since we sold them all because of the economy
Yeah, and because we don't have the audience we used to have I mean
We'll see when that book comes out tomorrow man. Let's kick some bloody ass
What do you say? Sure? Oh
Yeah, now you're talking a big game now because you had the world fed. Yeah, yeah, now it's time for an auto son
He's all pumped up. Yeah, you can do some copy of that my pantaloon is on it's only 1236
Why did I say that with the emails the show moves on and by the way?
Here's one and this is a good. I'm glad I found this one
We have a lot of people
Who listen in other countries online? Yes
Now I will grant you that there's a time difference and a lot of those people probably listen like archive
But how come we're not getting a lot more emails from those people
Good pert
In other words, and not just overseas, but if you're listening like um
Out of South Florida
We'd like to hear from you. I mean, you know, not gonna beg please
Neil at neorodges.com any
I L ro g e r s
Isn't it amazing how people like to spell any a l or put a d in the Rogers people like to spell things wrong
I have a name rod regas and see how they'll butcher it. No, I don't want to
Hmm
Too many rod regas is I'll say and so little time
We got eight left for jakes you better grab them while we're still there because once they're gone
Mm-hmm
This is from Peter it says love from Cubans in London
I
Listening to you in London. I got a real life and a job here in the UK
Used to see when publics Jack Oranda remember when you looked like that picture
You look like Ron Jeremy's little brother if you pardon that expression. I look like Ron Jeremy's big brother
Wow, although not as hairy
Oh
One thing about Ron Jeremy. He's not only hairy, but he's got a hairy back. Oh and shoulders. He's just a fur ball. Yeah
Oh
And look at this Peter has got a long article that he sent me here too a long
Ponderous article, but let's start hearing from those people living out or listening outside of South Florida on the email
Rick says you were right again oil is under 71 you can see the future sometime. I'm psychic Rick
I'm a psychic old fart fag trust me
I can see the future. Maybe that's why I do fairly good at wood buying. I mean fairly. I lose my ass, but nevertheless
Because I can find a good machine mine
You think that's it that's it right there. I think it's called blind luck Obama's all whipped up
He's in your handshift
Because this is the United States of America. This is a nation that is faced down war and depression
great challenges and great threats
The American stories never been about things coming easy. It's been about rising to the moment when the moment is hard
So American
America can meet this this moment
We still have the most talented most productive workers of any country honor
We're home to innovation and technology colleges and universities that are the envy of the world
Some of the biggest ideas in history have come from our small businesses and the that was up 80 cents
The biggest name the best talent
This is your largest sports radio 560 QAM
The fourth leader
The biggest name is the best talent
It's the big L or Landu Elzer Gary
Mornings 5 to 7 sports radio 566
QAMP sports leader
You're God
Keep boiling slowly you know
Looks like the white corals guy
Smells from the funny robots
Barbara Bush has money bells and eyes full of her eyes pop out
It happens when she relies
She raised for criminal clows
Barbara Bush has money bells and eyes
She's
She's testing holes and crab meat
And she raised for five six
That's me
She's a drowshaid
And takes our bricks to a day
One of those that say what's the boys
Watch like she's carrying an apple and bull and clean her thighs and eyes
Money bells and eyes
She doesn't need to fall
As if she's always surprised
She's willing when she's caught
Barbara Bush has money bells and eyes
Three games with your boys and two boys
Not a man, two meals
Robin Bush will be rich in fact
And smells just like the magic sauce
Not a big nut
Barbara Bush remembers only this for nine
On a fair day with money bells and eyes
Come 45 and 560 WDQ and we had six still left and I were back up to seven
We had one come back no doubt you're a bald friend
So anyway yes, what's up Neil
Came in as soon as I could after the promotions meeting and here you're gonna send that check out
You are
You are unbelievable. I was gonna come in this morning early
Cuz you know you're almost
You I'm almost due for the second one
So I was I didn't know if you were in our one the lump the two of them together
Yeah
You know lump lump is the word
They lump some would you yeah now you hear the fact that I then you can thank George for it
It's only by coincidence that he had this um I don't know some terrorist device that he's gonna
What's right Joe Bell's that's a bomb yeah and uh and that came here by mistake
So I'm FedExing that's him so we'll have it tomorrow and I figured as long as I'm FedExing it
I've already made out your envelope
With the stamps and start and I stuck the envelope and the check in the FedEx sweet
Which will be there manana
Now just so you know you're real late so you know in December I when I come in as I don't want you to think that uh
You know I keep track of the dates. I know you don't but
Dates for what the dates that I'm due
I don't know you know you know you were a check come on guy
You know what I'm saying and and how do you how do you determine those dates
Since I've been doing this for years every three months
Oh is it every three months I send you a check that's right too much
well
Actually we're going on a lot more than that because I don't I don't get them so I gotta remind you
Well in the tough economy times now yeah in today's economy Neil I need that check
To meet it's really tough like wood buy
Right I'll go in there
We've only got four left for jakes and give me that alert folks because once they're gone
They really will be gone and you don't want to miss out on these sometimes just tell you we're gonna get them all gone
Josh study was gonna buy one but it doesn't have the money for
He will tomorrow
All right, thank you for I'm out of here. Thank you. You'll have it tomorrow and if uh
Huleo there doesn't give it to you. You'll know he uh he passed the grand bought me a hookah
I'm not really sure I made it out for the right amount
I'm not joking I'm serious
I may have to open that thing back up again. The court is getting scared now
I just send it and if it's the wrong amount then you can just you know send another one the next cycle
Didn't didn't I make it out on the year yeah, mm-hmm
Should we tell them what the uh the comment is?
No, don't what do you mean don't
What's the comment the memo
That you wrote on there oh i'm a check yes, I remember right in that's your fault not mine. I know
Did he leave no? No, he's still there
Well, when you see the comments know what it says and the bottom left hand works is four you know, I usually write um
Website or whatever it's got something different. There was your idea. That's right
Not mine me it was all me
Leave me. I so I think George's got the hotspour. Oh, yeah
George wants to do you still got four for jakes boy. We better get those gone
Otherwise, it's good to be an infomnia. Oh look at this greetings from jersey. Lister from another country. See this
Oh, I don't want naked pictures though. Oh, no
ha ha
This is one of the greatest pictures in history
I'm going to forward it right now
Okay, okay
It's a I thought it was just going to be a naked guy
But it's a naked guy with a gigantic human like a farahose wrapped between his legs and back up over a shoulder
It's a most amusing thing
Cute
So let's get that on there
Giving you a shot from Concord North Carolina. Love the show
Hollabax says Melissia Golden. Oh Melissia. Remember her? Yes, we miss you Melissia
Now is that Concord or Concord Concord? I'm sure
The only place they say Concord is a new Hampshire. There's Concord, Michigan
I'm sure must be Concord North Carolina
Nothing to be finer than to be North Carolina another pond receipts and watching the Panther games on TV
Only to be screaming shut up potpan. It says every few minutes the organization should make a change as Marty the organization should shut down business
It's a joke a hockey team in a market. It wouldn't know hockey from it's pathetic
The thousand down 25 not bad Bob says why I'm telling I may not get through all these emails
For having a spastic Thursday. I believe me. I'm not complaining. It's great and
And the best part of it is it's not brought from the same like six people, you know
Oh, this is dad from Maryland tomorrow. I'll be Lillian and
Somebody else and you really suck into your show blows. You don't have the balls you enjoy. Oh
my god
Chronic I have no life
Anyway, here's that story that I was gonna give you very important to
Theresa Dillon was surprised to learn four years ago that what she deemed as an average sore throat
Actually was staged to cancer out her tonsil
People think the face of oral cancer is the 70 year old man has been chewing tobacco and drinking whiskey all his life
She said but the face of oral cancer is now me a young woman healthy non smoking fit
But what really shocked the waitress and then 38 year old was that the human papalo
Mavirus papalo Mavirus may have caused your illness an illness that is often sexually transmitted
It was a virus that caused my tumor the HPV virus would just knock me over she said
Or maybe it was that picture that knocked you over
Bill is part of a new trend that the puzzling scientists while most HPV infections clear on their own
There's an alarming surge of oral cancers linked to the virus the headline
Dr. Say there's a link between oral sex and throat cancer
So watch what you put in your mouth
John Hopkins research is reported in a study published in February in the Journal of Clinical Oncology at between
1973 and 2004 the incidence of HPV related oral cancers among people in their forties nearly doubled today more than 34
Thousand people have oral cancer and 39% of those cases are related to HPV a
Coendater from the American Cancer Society
These are patients who are young and they're in their 30s and 40s their non-smokers
They don't drink alcohol excessively and every time we look to find we are able to find HPV 16 in their tissue in the
biopsy specimen said Dr. Robert Hadad a data-farmer cancer institute head and exergin
Men are 35% more likely than women to develop HPV related oral cancer according to the study of the Journal of Clinical Oncology both men and women are susceptible
And once the virus is in your mouth you can't just wash it out the only way to get rid of it is extensive drug treatment
While scientists don't know yet how sexual orientation factors in the equation
They know the number one risk factors a high number of sexual partners. So straight or gay the more partners the more risk George
Yeah, that doesn't mean it's a magic number unfortunately it takes only one exposure to one infected parted where actually acquired the infection
Infection with the virus and usually happens in adolescents and while oral sex today is necessary more prevalent than it was in the past
It certainly is more accepted and some often presume it's free of risks
A 2005 study in the journal P. A. Pediatrics found that teens think oral sex is less risky to their health and vaginal sex
It's really obvious now to really say that oral sex is not a safe way of having sex and could have consequences
Hadad said
The risk associated with it don't get as much presses the risk you can see with vaginal sex. You don't see someone pregnant after oral sex
And many don't even know they've contacted HPV and Jill almost one of those people you'd be hard pressed to find anybody
Would say that I'm promiscuous because I'm not she said
Dylan who after six months of grueling chemotherapy is now in remission said she wishes she had known the risk as a teen
You have to be careful know who you're with and have to take precautions
You need to educate yourself and know what's going on and what you're putting in your mouth
I guarantee you one thing if you see that picture
Great nobody gonna be putting that in their mouth
When you see that picture some people might be into that no
Not that
Now how are you gonna see it? I sent it to them. Oh, we're back up to five on the certificates by the way
We're down to four and then both of you keep strung it keeps coming back
Thank the
You're listening to sports radio five sixty double you Q a.m. I am a for the other day
Hello this is Delerie's and you know
Mom will be listening to Angel near our days. I want to
How are they?
Wait it right here on get serious satellite radios
So you thought I was out of work, huh? Well now she got the pay to listen to me now see here
I got some good show for you today rich waltz will be turning this a little later, but please I got it
Galatians mo who let you in here? I just wanted to congratulate you on your new show
Well, that's mighty white here pal. What do you call this show again late?
That's what it means your lame brain see I waited
Why
You now get out of here before I struggle your balls
Oh, did you that's it? It's mouth you just wait. Yeah, I'm straight, but I got rich waltz on the line
Hey waltz. What do you know? What are you saying? I hear you're looking for an attorney
I'll have you know I used to be in attorney. Did it David and Calhoun the lawyer?
I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you? Well, I ain't no mo
I gave up my practice when I found out Raymond Barry was
Yeah, it's hard to tell them pipe smokers apart
What you two
Oh
Joe that was him
Do do do do do do
Do do do do do
Do do do do
Do do do do
Okay, we still got five certificates left for Jake's that's heartbreaking. Yes, it is
We got an hour to work so I'm well actually we have to win over the gun because once they're gone
Anyway, I just emailed you that picture. I just saw it
You just seen it. Oh, yeah, my mind look out now
Oh
Bob says okay, here's a long time fan. I well, how did you see it?
My computer oh, oh
No, I'm not because I had sent it to you know
With my eyes. Yeah, we're down to four now. We got four left
I'm gonna tell you folks you better grab now or you're gonna be really sorry
I'm not playing like some psychological game with you. I'm just I'm smelling you now speaking of smelling
Clutch of home values and a Mary as there's old insane mechan
Bob grumpy grumpy and nasty and full of crap
82 points on the negative side on the does not too bad. It's kind of like they're making up their mind, you know
That hopefully when the show is over then they'll like even zoom way up or go in the tank
Oh, and speaking of that moron Tommy Tom. Where is that? I don't know god
I got a pile of emails here. It's almost like this thing really works
You know time that wants you to fix all his technical problems for him. Yes, that one
I'm looking I can't I'll find it. I'll get down to it in the pile
Bob says here's a long time fan from outside of South Florida
Love to eat it one of your old-time restaurants Ponzios diner. Oh God. Do I love that place?
It's still going strong and cherry Hill though no more confusing traffic circle there
Also, of course no more garden state racetracked on the street now that land is retail restaurants and residences
Garden state man. That was because that was a racetrack that was built to be a casino and
When they didn't get the permission for casinos
Yeah, but I'm being there it went they went garden state
I was actually there one once upon a time in America
All the racetracks never against it park
I've been to more racetracks that no longer exist. I've worked at radio stations at no longer says WMRR and Marshall Michigan
Wspd and Sarasota. What about that is now
Don't you no used to go to the Columbia restaurant get the pictures of sangria
Neil, what is that word you use in Fomnia? What language is that? What does it mean and in Fomnia is a Taliano?
Remember when they're having the meeting of the heads of the five families?
Mm-hmm, and he says I don't want any talking about the drug trade. I don't want to near children. That's an infomnia
I mean you really have to be clever to figure out what that means
Use it in context figured out from the community. Yeah
Like a sin
We got three left now you better grab them. I'm telling you that right now
The Dow is minus 63 a lot of numbers for that one guy. You're mailing it in Raj's you know, I'm mailing out to FedEx though
How about court is showing up there? What a smart smart ass, huh?
Mm-hmm. He was worried
It was worried about what his check and what was he worried about that you were always I can always go in the other room and and I've got tons of these
FedEx envelopes I
Have about 50
So I can always go in there and open that up and take his checkout just and George's little device
When I what does that device do?
It's a it's a miniature
Thumb drive a flash drive I'm gonna stick it in my phone and have eight gigs of storage in it for media files and such things a
Thumb drive
He flash drive a
Many card various names for those kinds of things. Uh-huh. He flash drive
It's like a hard drive for the for miniature devices. It's what stores pictures. Uh, if you have a digital camera for example
It is so hard
Three left on the certificates. We'll get him. I've done this sour. I think can you think? Yep, um fake Johnny Darkses
I thought fast any Kaplan's theme song was do it again by Steely Dan
What is George think of Campbell Brown on CNN wow?
Who Campbell Brown she's some pasty looking bitch
Now is the time for normative contact Mel Carmeson post mergers. They have the budget to hire talent now
How was looking to add a midday guy to Howard 101 and the serious left is looking for a name guy to bring attention to the station warm
Regards the fake Johnny dark
Yeah contact serious Norma
Contact me get out your Ouija board
All these people they just won't give it up. You know what we're real happy where we are
Anybody buying that are you happy where you are Chris?
Sure the
Thou's down 52
We've got three certificates. I keep clicking hoping that it'll say sold out
Which would be a real feather in our cap
Even just just reading the menu and the accoutrements that come along with a steak even that just alone makes me my mouth water
You know right like the blue cheese butter
And the crispy chili onion rings
Hmm
Bob long time list there Bob and West Coast says
First time emailer out in San Jose, California
I've been listening since the W.I.O.D. days escape from South Florida 98 congratulations Bob have it look back
I listen live when I can't but always make time to kiss the archives at night after Oberman George rocks when he does the summer shows
But you will always be oh God Bob and West Coast. He's got a acute the decal here
It's a picture of somebody who looks very familiar. It says Obama. Oh wait. I'm Joe the plumber and I'm voting Obama. It says
Not cute yep
He was a Republican plant
And of course and even in the speech today that's all McCain's talking about oh Joe the plumber Joe the plumber
Make it harder to sell our goods overseas and kill more jobs
Senator Obama proposes. I will let's go over there to Iran and kill some more people and then North Korea and then Canada
Anybody looks at us cross-eyed
Two we're down to two now. Oh, this is getting exciting now
Don't you feel like our gigantic rush?
From the tippy toes all the way to the top where your brain is supposed to be I sure as hell do we've only got a small pair left
on WQM.com
I'm going to tell you right now court is a damn good thing. He didn't come in there when I was trying to get log out of this thing
The thing we had on there a couple weeks ago. That was bad that that moving icon, you know, mm-hmm
But this one is as big as a house
And every time you try to log on to wqm.com and see my push and click on to get the anneal deal
It like just automatically covers up that whole left side of the damn thing
Just a coincidence don't you think and then of course always the same
And you guys to cover oh he has nothing to do with that. He doesn't control that
He doesn't have a choice
He has to do what he's told like all the rest of us
Oh Brandon wants to know what was the frequency of that Sarasota station like I remember that WSPB 15
14 I don't know don't know
Now what are you saying?
But a boot but a beat one left one certificate left I
Realize this isn't like the old days
When we had an audience and people had money remember those old days sure
Is what's his name would say the shallow days
Remember Mario not the Mario another crazy Mario, but the shallow guy with little marshmallows and then what is that stuff called?
That's shallow oh
See I beat you to it
Who knows you ambrosia we still got one fifty dollars or a hundred dollars to figure out for fifty bucks
And boy I'm gonna tell you if that thing doesn't sell the next forty-one minutes. I'm gonna buy it
Send it to fat Chris
Why thank you. I'm sure you'd much rather have the certificate than the check like I sent to
Cortis oh no
Now did you see the picture that I sent to George? Did you see that picture not as of yet? Oh boy
I don't know if you're ready for that. I know I wasn't
The papers are happy to see it. I don't know if I want to see it. No, you don't want to see it put your head on my shoulder
Mer than by Paul Anca
Well, there's more than just head on that shoulder
Yeah, there's a lot of neck
I
Jeff and boi-n-beats says I was taking her back when I heard you mentioned the
Softzo pink ray fruit splash and pomegranate mango
I bought these on sale of Walgreens back in july I've been enjoying them since
I recently found the soft soap spa radiant with mineral sea salts and it's neon blue color
The scent is orgasmic as well. Thanks to you no more hairy bars. It's open my shower
And don't get me stared on the electric bill says Jeff and boi-n-beats
Ha ha ha don't get me stared on the electric bill. Oh my god
woo
Well, I want to think about Joe Rose man. He enjoys being a buffoon
He's not one of those people who's a buffoon because people laugh at him. They laugh with him like you know
Hey, Joe you're real buffoon
He knows it. Huh? He knows and he don't mind especially with that big head
Oh, we down to zero was sold out unofficial low unofficial
What did I tell you when it down? We're gonna sell out
Hold it
The fourth leader the sports leader
Neon god hello my friend. I'm John McCain
In all my friends I gave five years of my life to this country as a POW in a bamboo cell
I'm just like Colonel Hogan
Since he spent five years in style at 13
You should vote for me
Based solely on that you know my friend Hogan had it much better than I did with not seen that were silly
lovable
Considering we were both interned for five years my friend
I can safely say that it's old
Oh my
Can I have some help over here?
Hey, I forgot to wear it my diaper today my friend and that's not the time to change I can believe in
This message paid for by the RNC. We don't even want to vote for this guy
You know what? We don't even bother the old man is
Oh Jesus
16 to 560 w. Q. I.m. Happy Thursday, too. We got the big old oh coming up a two rock solid
So anyway WS P. B. where I worked in 1973 in sorry soda
I used to say that on the year sorry soda and the GM
Stookie Lansing Cliff Lansing we called him Stookie used to get really upset about that never to my face though
And here is a history online
Radio years central Florida's great radio stations of the past WS P. B. A. M. and F. M. A history
Now I don't want to bore you with a whole long thing, but my name is on here and that's really yeah
Wow, talk about it names from WS P. B.
Past including it's got 80 million names on here and then we get to
Uh Craig Sager sports Lowell Shoemaker Stan Grams Neil Rogers mornings Art Howell Knights Al Staddlemyer P. D
Doesn't even have Stookie Lansing on here or I'm trying to think of the redneck
Barber what that was his name something barber was the P. D. real redneck
He's not on there near Stookie Lansing, but Neil Rogers on there mornings spelled R. O D G E R S
Oh, well, I'm famous. You know that I did I heard famous in the old time trivia. He's so oh
Yeah, that's true
See what they don't know is that my 66th birthday's coming up November 5
Yeah, and
There's an extra six in there on a bad top my forehead without 11 points not too bad. There's Dana Bash
We got one certificate left. We what we got one certificate left. Oh no
One came back. It was a chicken that you can be damn sure that trying to use his old jade bjerons card to buy it
So there's one left for jakes come on get on there. Let's make it official
348 votes on your pull you got damn near 1400 I believe
Right
40 something like that we could go for yesterday
So we're doing yesterday or I'm sorry for the previous poll how's that today yes not yesterday
So we have a 1343 whoa
We can top 1350
Obama's Iraq plans vindicated as us agrees to pull out of Iraq by 2011
From the independent UK
