No person is poke at me with a record piece of logic.
So the ball and her pistol again will get what?
Who cares?
Who cares?
Nobody cares.
They're the biggest names.
They're the best talent.
Who cares?
Yeah?
Oh yes, the audio hole isn't fixed.
That's really nice.
560 WQAM presents the Neil Roger Show
to talk to Neil, dial 560-560 in date and broard.
In other counties, call toll-free 877-785 Neil, or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of WQAM management, staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560-WQAM.
Oh, you know it.
T-Y-S-C-K-M.
Have you been abused in the workplace, raped or screwed?
Place your career in my zokie smooth hands?
Hello, this is Norma Kent for the more orifices of Norma Kent.
If you need me to conduct business on your behalf, let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore, but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800-THERES SO MANY MAN TO EXPLORE.
That's 1-800.
Maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas Day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California, call 1-800.
I want you to keep Neil hostage to South Florida.
Call now, and you will receive a free cell phone, one that works almost as good as both.
You do this all the time for me for you for me for you for me for you for me for you for me for you for me for me for you.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
I'm not going to do it.
You don't have to make it everywhere.
We can't do it.
We've got to fix anything.
The cook is going on.
At only part 100, then he 68, staked in Shake 52, Friday's 45, Grand Luxcafe 43, which
is a thousand times better than the Cheesecake Factory, by the way, but nevertheless.
Oh no, you're wrong, Nia. What do you know? Your taste is in your tajos.
Trilese 32, Apple Vs.
But third man.
Ruby Tuesday's 23, Longhorn Stake House 20, Big Boy 16, Road House Real 16, and Benagans,
Solomentek Hattoura Sinole 14 for Benagans.
Which I haven't been to with Benagans since before.
Abraham was a baby.
Have you been to Benagans lately?
Not in a long time.
Oh, he's even seen around, especially here.
Around?
Not wrong with him?
Didn't have a really fine girlfriend.
I just didn't get around to it.
They're a lot bigger in Tampa.
I don't know what it is, but remember that week that we were in Tampa doing those shows?
They're awful shows.
I think I ate it Benagans a couple of times.
I could be wrong, but then what again do I know?
Here's the a new poll, which we've known before a long time ago.
In fact, it was so long ago I couldn't even find the original one, which might have
had a lot better choices on it.
But I think this one's okay.
Which of these is most for Graham?
More than any other.
481 votes so far.
We're not going to get 1,000.
That's because Josh Cordis is with us today.
Chris Whalen has taken the day off today.
All right.
And Josh Cordis is with us, but only until new him because he's got bigger fish to fry.
He's got to go.
It is a tax is done.
So, you know, this is the way it works at QAM.
That's all coming for a couple hours.
But I got to go, I got a hot-dated noon.
I got to go, I got my taxes done.
I got to get a haircut at 130.
Right.
Or just, I don't want to.
Yeah, that's it.
That's basically the way it works here at QAM.
It's kind of like La Zé Faire.
Comsique-om-sah.
Menza-menza.
Womenza-womenza.
I don't know.
Sucks.
So then we got some stranger coming in at noon.
Greg?
Who runs the board for the morning show?
To us, he is a stranger.
I have no idea who his Greg is.
Which of these is most for Goyam?
Jesus 184.
Strictly for Goyam.
In fact, that's what the poll really should say.
Which of these is strictly for Goyam?
That's the way we worded it the first time.
Because they don't understand.
That's bad wording on my part.
Sorry, Eric.
Maybe Eric can change it, you think?
He can't.
Which of these is strictly for Goyam?
Jesus 184.
Forst in 83.
This gets in gravy 75.
Spam 51.
Oh, God.
Meet in a can.
Oh.
Hand sandwich 36.
Pork and beans 35.
And let me ask you this.
Where is the pork and the can of pork and beans?
You know that lot of fat that you find sometimes it makes you gag
and vomit if you find it.
Oh, that's it?
That's the pork.
That is?
Oh my God.
Baby.
35 from pork and beans.
My cock will be 22 and little soups sits out of 492.
Our goal to this 500.
Don't know 497.
Look at that.
Don't push too hard on that which is strictly for Goyam.
So there you go on that.
Various suspicious strange things going on.
CBS's 60 minutes broadcast yesterday regarding the alleged political
prosecution of Democratic Alabama Governor Don Siegelman went dark.
In the northern third of Alabama last night,
credit WHNTTV, the local CBS affiliate, the issue was caused by a
technical malfunction.
One second and do it with the NFL Combine.
It's the Combine.
Oh, the big O is there again like he is every year.
Oh, maybe I'm getting old.
My employee are.
Don't forget Friday's our 30 second anniversary show.
I'm sure they're going to be like party favors and balloons and big
big anniversary cake strippers clowns.
Speaking of cake, we ought to get on one of those movies that we haven't
heard a long time.
Oh, now it's going to shoot Sunday at a causeway.
Maybe they look like they already did.
No.
There he is.
Hey, sunny.
They hit him with a hundred shots and he's still dead.
We apologize that you missed the first segment of 60 minutes and I feature
the report titled the prosecution of Don Siegelman and WHNTT Story said.
CBS News which owned 60 minutes however denied there was any problem on the
air end.
Scott Horton of Harper's Magazine reported late last night that CBS was
directly pointing back at the local outlets as the cause of the problem.
A contact that CBS News in New Yorker was told there was no delicate way to
put this that WHNTT claim is not true.
There were no transmission defugalies.
The problems were peculiar to Channel 19 which had the signal and had functioning
transmitters.
I was told that the decision to blacken screens all across Northern Alabama could only
have been an editorial call.
Only the Seagull didn't section to the program might dark.
WHNTT claimed they lost the transmission.
Right.
How do you like that?
Sign America, baby.
It's getting worse by the minute.
It's unacceptable is what it is.
Sign America, everything is censorship.
And the interesting thing since AMC is like Godfather obsessive all weekend and
it's not again right now.
Yeah.
We were noticing before the show today they leaked out all kinds of crap.
But when Sonny says I hope my brother don't come out with just his
in his hands.
Yeah, they let that in there.
So they said stick.
They did?
Yeah.
I grow.
Oh.
Well, that sucks.
Yeah, it does.
Although I noticed they let the N word in there.
Yeah.
That's right.
Go figure.
The N word was in no problem.
Yeah, go figure.
The N's are having a good time, you know, doing this, doing that.
News Channel 19 lost our program feed from CBS upon investigation WHNTT has learned that the
CBS receiver allows us to receive programming from CBS failed.
WHNTT engineers responded as quickly as possible to restore the feed to 612 PM.
A total and flagrant and blatant lie.
Our sincere apologies to our viewers across the Tennessee Valley, the local of
the United, that were said they would re-air the broadcast during the newscast at
10 o'clock last night, whether this occurred couldn't be confirmed.
The White House has put pressure on CBS to kill the show, those close to the case say.
Journalists covering the story have been attacked.
The case is most prominent whistleblower, Dana Jill Simpson, recently testified under oath
to Congress about roles involvement in politicizing the Bush Justice Department.
Her house mysteriously caught fire after she came forward.
They're just in a coincidence, so do you think their house mysteriously caught fire?
Right.
WHNT and Hussey, Alabama was purchased by Oak Hill Capital Partners from New York Times early last year.
Oak Hill was owned by the BAS Brothers, Bush fundraisers at the Pioneer level.
In other words, they raised a 100 grand for the Bush Cheney campaigns in both 2000 and 2004.
Lee Bass is best known member of the BAS family for his role in George W. Bush's failed
energy venture called Spectrum 7, and later for his bailing out of Harkin Energy.
I didn't like this crap, man.
Sensorship is running rampant in Zine American.
What's the public worried about?
They're worried about, oh, who won the Oscars last night?
Well, guess what?
I didn't watch it, and I don't care who won it.
And you know why?
I don't want it.
Why should I watch it when I'm seeing the movies?
Right?
Right.
The Cohen Brothers won 8 million awards.
Well, good.
I got to see that everyone says it's really good.
What?
No country for old men or whatever.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
I've heard nothing but good things about it, so.
Really?
Oh, we got 517 votes on it.
That's because Josh Cordis is here today for a lumpy.
He's bringing out the votes, man.
Yeah, lumpy last, I don't know, last Monday he was supposed to have a, tell me this, fair
detail again, this mobile mysy.
Okay.
What?
He's not there today.
Oh, well, I mean, you know, every employee here at the wonderful WQA, and gets the option to be here.
Or President Freddair or Martin Luther King, they did.
And he didn't get off either, apparently.
So, you know, Darrow gave him the day off today.
Darrow gave him the day off today?
Right.
In other words, he didn't demand it or ask for it.
He just said, oh, take the day off.
I'm sure you're telling me it was all your, you're starting to stir up trouble.
That's what I was talking about.
What?
That he was off of the day off and he took it.
I'm not going to say a thing.
Okay.
I'm not saying a word.
I, we can't have to read more and more people taking advantage of meals, half price deals on WQA.com
and outside for another great restaurant offer this Thursday.
Starting Thursday at noon, you'll be able to buy a hundred dollars certificates for just 50 bucks
to the Blue Moon Fish companies, Crawl Spring Look Springs location.
Uh-oh, bulletin from Inside Radio, breaking news.
Da-da-da-da-da, Westwood 1 gets $100,000 in penalty food and health care.
It buzzes me back when there's something worthwhile, okay?
Inside Radio, you should only croak.
God, Westwood 1, who cares?
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-brain.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-brain.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-brain.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-brain.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-brain.
Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-brain.
You're fairies.
A book or all not much different like a typical New York company.
Hands up to Larry.
We all thank you.
For giving writers something money to do.
You're looking for guys who make you feel better.
You go by, I hop-hop.
Larry, crack-thike you.
Or tap your shoe.
Huh?
You store me slas-a-you-day.
But you refuse to go away.
Republicans are pro-im Army-a-day.
Go-day.
Yeah.
Hands up to Larry.
With Cheek-a-pa.
We all invite you to visit LA Paws.
Funny upon ride like a two-in-sirt-of-year-old.
Larry, take a note.
Craft ways happen here too.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Game, game, game.
I never have been gay.
Hands up to that.
Look over there.
He wants to stay gay.
But his own party wants him.
He goes away.
But the little kids ride hard.
Him to say.
Larry, crack-thike, crack-thike.
Larry, crack-thike, crack-thike.
He wants to man-trust you.
And any guy will be gay.
There's the Michael Crowley on G-Sing-ing school.
I beg you, I was in G-Sing-ing, ladies.
We all are calling, ladies.
They mind it.
They turn, they wear it.
They slide, they slide, they start.
They slide, they don't go.
Yeah, for those of you haven't seen the Godfather
400 times this weekend, shame on you, that's all I can tell you.
Over and over and over.
The worst part of it is every time I find it on,
I keep watching.
Sure.
Like right now.
Let's watch it.
I was watching it before.
There's John Thomas-Hena when I came.
I remember how he got shot in the leg when we were,
what's his name, when John Crowley was stabbing,
what was his name?
Don T-T-T-U.
That look hazy.
Don't get out of here.
There was Fabrizio when the glass is in the neck.
Right.
When next time you want to kill somebody,
that's a good scam I never thought about it.
I wrote it down.
Always make sure you tell them to sharp it up the earpiece
on one of the glasses.
Makes it a lot easier that way.
Subito.
Subito.
Ponto.
Now.
Ponto.
Yes, it's you.
That interesting pronto is like two different things.
Is the answer to the phone inside?
And in Ponto?
Huh.
And in Spanish, of course, Ponto means Subito now.
Make it snappy.
What is Fox News as comedian and activist Lee Camp on the Earth?
Just a parade of propaganda is, and it's just a
festival of ignorance.
A million people are dead in Iraq.
Come on, this is ridiculous.
What's the point of this?
This is insane camp continues.
Go out, leave your home.
Go outside.
Go hug your children.
Love your family.
You know, do something with your life.
The Fox Sanctuary and Pendless quickly acted round out camp speech before handing me show up to another Fox anchor.
Flanked by four bucks a woman and makes you start for uniforms to promote a story about Captain Kirk's sex appeal.
They wanted him off of there.
Ponto.
Ponto, Tonto.
What's going on with you?
I want you to take it to a farthest house.
I know things are safe.
Okay, boss.
Anything you say, boss.
Then he calls ass, man.
That's a very serious thing.
I don't know that.
Republican Party members in Puerto Rico were at all 20 delegates at stake Sunday to Arizona Senator John McCain.
Who's still singing, man?
Where's that?
Bomb, bomb, bomb.
There it is.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
Who is Bob to help resolve Washington's complicated relationship with the U.S. Caribbean territory?
The eight large delegates each will cast one vote to be public and national convention this summer.
Three super delegates who are not bound by Sunday's results have also pledged to back McCain.
The delegates from Puerto Rico helped McCain move a closer a little bit closer.
J.A.N. Americans were singing come a little bit closer. They're clinging the GOP nomination,
giving them a total of 996 delegates. It'll take 1191 to securely republican nomination.
He's got it, man. He's got it in his gland. Spotted New York Times, all these stories. Lots
of stories out there on the street, you know what I mean? All kinds of stories.
Right. How come I picked you just went blank? What are you doing?
I just must be the meaning of the 5th family.
I was just regular cotton. They used to use it as a cotton band.
Joseph cotton.
No, you're a lost band.
Come on, come on out from the Bronx and Brooklyn.
Sturped the tag.
Oh, Sturped the tag. He's doing that come over, man. He's coming at those six hairs back
over his bald head. Philip Sturped the tag. We'll have to worry about him much longer.
The Cuban National Assembly voted Raul Castro's its new president yesterday. The first time
the country's had a new leader since his brother Fidel's his power in 1959. In spite of
Heim and Raul.
Mr. Castro, the 76-year-old armed forces minister, had been widely expected to be named
president by the 614 members of the assembly. Mr. Castro dressed in a gray suit and steel-colored
tie. Snappy dresses, man. Most Cuban leaders. I'll tell you that right now. Not as snappy
as I am, but close. Mr. Castro casted the first vote for President of the Assembly with
a smile on a wave about 11.50 a.m. Fidel was said to be too sick to attend the meeting
and he voted through a proxy. He's too sick. He's dying over there.
Cliffs.
And if the tag didn't increase, then I'm willing to let things go on the way they were before.
We're all grateful, Don Corley. Only for calling this meeting. We all know him as a man
of his work. Richard Coddy, that's a box-eat-man. He was a good actor. Richard Coddy.
There were a lot of good actors besides the main, you know what I mean? Right. Like Sterling
Hayden had played the McCloskey. Hey, what, how's the Aval? I'm not really sure he got
to taste the Vial. Look to me like he was taking the first bite of the Vial. He had his
salad in his salad and then he got back to his throat. The Vial was the Vial. The battle
contained 31 names from the top positions in the country, among the President, Minister
of the Interior, Minister of the Exterior, and Minister of the Armed Forces. Minister
Coddy had no choice because there's only one name for each position. The candidates were
not immediately made public. During a recess, however, several delegates said they supported
Raul Castro as the next president would have been surprised by any other result. Raul Castro,
because he sent a career path that goes all the way back to the grandmas in one delegate.
Theoval, the Deva Paz Venega, a garbage collector, referred to the ship on which the Castro brothers
arrived with their rag-tag rebel force in the 1950s. He's got the confidence of the people. Hey, Raul!
You're fair! Right! The people have their faith, trust in faith in Raul. They're eating
Raul. It's not like the old days, but we can do anything we want. Our enthusiasm is not the
act of a friend. Thuncarly only had all the judges and politicians in New York, and he must
share all about the youth. Much more the people who were in the well. Draw the water from the
water. Right. Suddenly he can present a bill which was such a service. After all, we're not
communist. After all. We are not communist. Oh, am I good or what? Let's have a Godfather
dialogue contest, and whoever screws up one line, but I'm paying. That's the end of the
role together. We'll go for points. Yeah. You put up three, four thousand dollar investment.
We better watch it. We're going to get that part of the movie where they see the end.
Yeah. He said the colors. I think he said the colors. That's particular, yes. Yeah.
That was at the dinner table where somebody said the ends are having a good time with you or
whatever. Don't be saying the ends no more. In fact, everything now is censored. This thing on
AMC and all the cable channels. Last night I was watching, and it gets to the point where
brother around Fredo Baba and he says he was banging cocktail waitresses two at a time.
And in this version, they bleep out bang and he was making cocktail waitresses two at a time.
My God. What is going on here? And the public is like nobody cares. It's kind of like a
douchebag. Everything is censored baby. I'm going to marry you.
I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you.
I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you.
I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you.
I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you. I'm going to marry you.
And when I make a speech, he bulls eyes open wide and I'll find the shrieks because he thinks that I've lied.
And then I'll mess with him baby. Slicking my face such fun.
It's a gold book from my lady. Because I'm bad built Clinton. Bad built Clinton. Bad built Clinton.
How long have you been bad? Back a year. It's longer than that I think. It's good to see you, Katie.
Hi, Sam.
I'm working for my father now, Katie. He's been sick. Very sick.
But you're not like him, Michael. I thought you weren't going to become a man like your father. But what you told me.
My father is no different than any other powerful man. Any man who's responsible for other people like a senator or a president.
You know how naive he's sound. Why? Senators and presidents don't have men killed. Who's been naive, Katie?
There you go. That's the best line of the whole movie. I think. Well, I mean, in part of the segment that I just put on the ear.
Although it's not as exciting as when the dogs started barking there. 560 on a pole. Look at that. That's because Josh Curtis is with us for two hours today.
Sweet. Took two hours out of his busy schedule. 564 or well. Let's then move that frequency just a little bit. We're probably a little off frequency anyway.
We're a little off. What's it? He's a strictly for going. Thank you. Eric. He changed the way it's worth it. He is the best. He continues being the best fat website. What would you call him?
A website guy. Sure. What guy? You know, like the quarter-shot guy. He's a website guy. He's a website. Jesus took two strictly for going. 4Skin 102. And boy, there's a lot of going. Let me tell you that and a lot of 4Skin.
You could wrap the other something. You could wrap the earth in all the 4Skin on the planet. Do you know where we're going to get that?
No, I don't. Well, start thinking about it now. This gets in gravy 80. Span 54. Of course, you'd probably have an oxygen mess because you wouldn't want to inhale a little. Let's smeg them all the time. Oh, my God.
Span 54. Perkins Beans 43. Hand Sandwich 38. My Cuckelbury Hound 36. And lentil soup 49. Oh, come on. They're confusing. Yenthal would lentil, I think. And maybe Yenthal Green. Remember Yenthal Green? Yeah. Where the hell is that? There it is.
Speaking of the dolphins, our day Joseph talked to Yenthal Green. Yenthal Green. Oh, my God. Talk about too many. Go ahead.
Okay, what's this? Spatch now? Oh, no. I don't know if this is good news or bad news. End of an arrow by Joni Fliceman in your herald. You're a herald. Not my herald.
Protect ourselves. Give me a chance to recruit some new men. No. I don't want to give my genie an excuse to start fighting. Like you're wrong. Don't call the only.
You want said that they would come and test you and make a form our own family. So today I would never think of it.
Long time WPLG ABC 10 anchor Dwight Loderdale a fixture on South Florida TV since 1974 is expected rounds his retirement Monday on the 11 p.m. news. His contract expires June 1st. And the talk is he's going to lead Channel 10 to late May. Oh, my God. Oh, my God.
I'm going to survive without Dwight. Live without the mustache. Loderdale 56 joined WPLG 1976 after years reporting at WCKT, which is now Channel 7 WSVN. I don't remember that at all.
He became a main anchor in 1986, sharing the spotlight with Ann Bishop. You're fair. That big old dead bulldog Ann Bishop until her retirement 95. She died 97. Her anchors at 6 11 p.m. he anchors with the Lori Jennings.
WPLG is airing a teaser featuring retired meteorologist Don. No. Who left in November after 27 years? It shows no on a cell phone waiting with fishing pool and hands singing the praises of leisure life. No, I get up whenever I want spend the whole day fishing. I don't have to wear makeup anymore. It's just great. Come on, buddy. You're not getting any angry. You know, he says.
Who will be Jennings New Anchor, tuning Loderdale will announce his replacement odds are on WCKT's Perez. Oh, no. You're fair.
Loderdale makes it in the high six figures wife Mini 58 is a real estate agent with Estlinger Wooten Maxwell. As for fishing, it says, Joni says not his thing.
I think there are many black guys in the fishing, really. Yeah, what are you talking about? I see them all the time. They are on the canal.
I don't know. I got the white buckets. I'm talking about real fishing. I'm the females with an old king pool.
Thank you. I'm happy for you. I'm happy for your car. Well, what is that unreal? Why am I out? You're not a WCKT.
I think this may get rough with the move we're trying. I advise my copy.
I advise Michael. I never thought you would come to the edge. I thought Santino was a bad guy.
I'm done. Ristump is Michael is all my confidence is you do. But the reason why he must have no money.
Maybe I can help him. You're out. I mean, I could help you're out. It's like a sickness. It's like a disease. Wow.
You just keep replaying it in your mind over and over. What is it about this movie? What is it? It's perfect. Wow. That's not perfect. Sure it is. The first two. There's anything wrong with them. Yeah. Considering all the swill that Hollywood cranks out every year.
It's nice to see something that there's nothing wrong with. That's like WQA. I'm more perfect. Just ask that last rejoin. Are we going to have that all day long?
That was an operator error. That was George Curtis who just did that. I didn't put it in. I didn't put it in. We wouldn't have had a grueless. You're not supposed to play those on this show. This is not a sports show. I knew you forgot. Listen, I get it. I didn't go to the bin. I just happen to play it.
What happened again? What? Me? You happen to play it just to piss me off with the off saying I saw old promo. I forgot to. You know I haven't done this in a while. I forgot to hit O rejoin. Yeah. I thought O promo. Oh. Oh. Oh, no. I can think. It just goes on and on and on. And on. You could just pass from it man. You could pass out from exhaustion. Just praying for it to be over already. You're going to shut him up. Stick your foot in his pussy. God. His name is the best of us. God. God. He's got. He's got. He's got.
I'm a fucking solid five sixty-two AM.
And the force leader.
You straightened my brother out.
He was making cocktail waitresses two at a time.
Play us some get a drink at the table.
I'll try with you.
I leave tomorrow.
I leave for New York tomorrow.
Think about a price.
Think about a price.
First of all.
You know who I am?
I'm Low Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
Suck it in and hold it.
From Washington this week with ABC News Chief Washington correspondent George
Nathan Appalus.
Senator Hillary Clinton.
Good morning, Senator.
Good morning, George.
We need to get back to doing what Americans do best.
I will do everything I can to get laid as quickly as possible every single day.
You know my position has been consistent.
I mean I had the same position for years upside down and backwards.
And I still have the scars to show from that exercise.
We're just about out of time.
My bottom.
Is that true?
Love behind.
Senator, thanks for having me.
Thanks for being with us.
Ever.
Never take time.
What the hell is that?
Oh that's on the ATV.
Woo!
There's your company off guard in that one.
They're carrying it with the promo, you know.
They caught the surprise at home with one of them.
Just kind of like Josh Corda surprises with that long big old promo.
I'll break before this last one.
It would be good.
Promo.
On and on my God.
You ought to be ashamed yourself.
So sorry.
You ought to be.
He said he won't play that promo no more.
No, no.
No, no.
I couldn't hear it again, but you know what?
I don't want to hear it.
Okay, let's take a look at this schedule today.
It's like pristine looks like to me.
Looks pristine to this little queen.
I think I'm going to build it up another Joyce, which I don't know how that's possible.
Jack's show two to four.
That should do it.
That easily could do it for me.
Makes me want to Joyce my brains out.
Mad Dog four to seven.
Dolphins all asses with John Litter and Torrey Dreyton, seventy nine.
That's that two-hour nightly tune out to give you a chance to watch the nightly news and digest your dinner.
Oh, I'm going to go do a Joyce right now.
And the D.H. own day of the night.
I am.
Nature's calling, baby.
Big time.
Oh my God.
A year after his Academy Awards dream went up and smoke any Murphy has not just won consolation prize of a three.
Three Razzie Awards is worst actor, worst supporting actor, and worst supporting actress for the comedy Norbid.
The fourth acting dishonor announced that Saturday's Golden Raspberry Awards went to Lindsay Lohan.
Well, actually it was voted the two, not just one, but two worst actress trophies for the thriller I know who killed me.
The worst picture winner which he played dual roles.
So she got two worst actress awards.
Nice goal, Lindsay.
I know who killed me said a new Razzie's record with eight awards including worst screen couple, FFL, and her double role.
Topping the previous record of seven Razzies for both Showgirls and Battlefield Earth.
I know who killed me also one for worst director Chris Cyberston.
Who's that?
A screenplay, Jeff Hammond, horror movie, and remake a ripoff.
Razzie's organizers do it as a cross between torture flicks such as Saw and a twisted update of the petty duke show.
Up to update.
It's that joist that's building up in my colon that's causing me to read a little bit cock-eyed.
Caca.
When his latest exercise in multiple roles Murphy was the first person ever to win three acting Razzies in one year,
he won his worst actor for the geeky title role supporting actress as his tubby Shrewish wife and supporting actor as a stereotype Asian man.
I think I'm going to do that joist right now.
So you got some uh...
Really?
Yeah, but I got rid of it before the show.
No, I sold it I, but I'm not talking about that kind of crap. I'm just talking about some you know...
To fill in.
Yeah, yeah.
Some awards watcher say Norbert Kuss-Murvey and Oscar Lantigan and theaters surely be in fact.
You could talk about uh... what's his name's girlfriend there?
Is that your girlfriend about uh... his Russian girlfriend and what she's doing these days?
Josh?
Yeah.
She's doing him.
I was with her last night.
Yeah.
You're back with her again?
Oh, I'm back with her with no commitment.
So in other words it's one of those on again, off again, in and out again.
It's a what it is.
I'm just living the dream man.
That's right.
I'm just living the dream.
What does that mean?
Meaning uh... you know we still sex each other but there's no commitment there.
You're still screwing her brains up but there's...
It's like going to be a movie afterwards.
It's actually a partnership.
Is that what you want to say?
It's an open relationship?
Yeah, she leaves after which it... which to me that's better.
Well that's good.
Get her out of there.
You know get it over with and uh... say hey have a nice night and get out of here bitch.
That's the way to do it.
Now that sounds bad.
You say that?
Get out of here bitch.
Not in a while.
But you have a say of that?
Yes I have.
Okay well listen I'll be back to you in a couple minutes.
Alright.
Wow I'm not joking.
It's just a little game.
You know how nature is man.
I go.
What a game.
I go.
I go.
I got stuff I could play but we want...
Josh Corders here.
We can talk about the weekend.
Mine was all contentious.
I probably shouldn't go into that.
I had a great weekend.
I mean it was good and all but there was just something like uh...
You know because you got women in your life.
It's just that everything that came out of your mouth must have been the wrong way.
You know uh...
You didn't think you were saying anything a certain way.
I want to put you in a predicament.
I want to put you in a predicament.
Alright my friend was in and I want to know what you do in this situation.
That sounds right I love predicaments.
We're at a bar.
You better love them if you're married.
And we're at a bar and uh...
You know I say this.
An extremely large woman came up to a friend of mine and said I would love to have your number.
Okay.
Now what do you do George?
I want to know what you do in this situation.
I say no thank you.
I say no.
I say no.
I will find out because I'm back.
Oh that was quick.
Are you are you joising me?
No I done my duty.
Look I take longer to life than you were just okay.
Yes wait.
He must have left the trail.
Now.
I didn't leave any trail and uh...
The chosen trail.
You know me.
That's one of my specialty.
Yeah but that was a record.
I will again his book of world records if you really think that.
I take longer than that to a fart.
Well guess what I didn't do that either.
I guess not.
Well you know enough pressure.
I don't want to get into a whole bunch of extraterrestrial activity.
Okay because then Joyce will get all upset.
How many times did you want?
I only Joel will call him David Samson and he'll give all of Ben out of shape.
Did you even wipe?
Yes of course did I even.
Well what's wrong with you?
You were gone long enough for white ones.
God are you grudged.
Not me.
Because that's a term to wipe.
I was just one K kind of busy area.
I don't know what's wrong with you guys.
Do I see where he is?
He's already banned.
This weekend we'll go out.
I'll take the opening though.
I can sniff the aroma all the way from the other room.
I'm gonna put me in a coma.
Follow me.
I've got vapor trail.
Oh Michael.
Michael this is supposed to ask me something.
I think that may not be the end but the rest of the way till I break.
Wow.
But I told you I had a very traumatic weekend.
Sometimes I just twisted tissues.
Right?
Right.
Sometimes that does it.
I ate the wrong things at night.
I got twisted tissues.
By the way, how's that pole coming on something that's strictly for goyem?
I realized that a lot of the goyem didn't understand what that means.
Too bad.
If you don't speak yet as you're lost on this show, get some help.
Take a refresher course.
593 vote.
Which of these is strictly for goyem?
Jesus 212.
4 skin, 106.
Biscuits and gravy 83.
Good for you, man.
Span 56.
Yeah, I wonder if the Godfather ever ate biscuits and gravy.
I sure doubt it.
Span 56.
This is my cock-a-be 44.
Park and beans 44.
Very happy.
That's good.
Ham sandwich 39 and little soup 12.
Keep going over this pastening business.
I don't think we've ever been on the year when a Godfather was on TV at the same time live.
I mean, not live, but you know what I mean.
Right.
When it was showing on cable.
And you have what we are fortunate here, that part where he was making waitresses to it at time.
Yeah.
This same chip that's going on now, even on cable stuff, even on stuff that you people pay to come in on a wire into your home.
And the government's still in there all shaking their boots.
Oh, we're going to get fined by the FCC.
God, what a country, man.
I'm one of those people old enough to be fortunate enough to remember when we actually had a little bit of freedom of speech.
Not complete, but at least some of it.
Now, not I.
Like that thing in Alabama where they took the damn 60-minute segment off here because they didn't like it.
They could have carried it, but you know what?
They didn't want it.
God.
Now, what's this thing?
Oh, yeah, I heard about this on the radio here.
I don't want to talk about the Marlins, ah, where did this come from?
Oh, it's from the hero.
So one of our listeners thought I wanted to talk about the big bellies for the first male all obese children in squat.
I don't know who to be on that.
The beast.
Oh, yeah.
Let me be perfect for that.
Get the captain.
Yeah, he could be the ringleader.
Oh, good out of here.
I'm not promoting anything for the Marlins.
Okay, the Marlins can kiss my fat old hairy smelly ass.
All right?
Right now would be a good time.
Get a good o' with it, the aroma Donald Sampson.
Oh, the Marlins, I heard Joe carrying out about it.
You know what?
He, you know, I like Joe a lot, but he sucks up to any of the sports entities, man.
He just kisses their ass.
Pussy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
The idea that one penny of a tax money is going to go to build a stadium.
We've been through this for years through all the different regimes.
John Henry was like that.
Like that.
Oh, and speaking of that, guess what?
I got a very consolidated and very nice message from my baldy from chicken neck.
Oh, good.
Over the weekend.
Everything's just fine and they're taking care of him.
Oh, good.
You're going to call it up.
Oh, God.
Thank God.
Now I'm going to go and have to take a choice.
No, I'm going to have to go back to the release.
I'm going to have to go back to the release.
Oh, terrible.
So terrible thing.
All right.
Fall in.
All right.
The winner was your time.
The two would be the winner all the strings.
Sack of the Corleon.
Gov.
Gov.
Gov.
Another peasant of all.
Another peasant of all.
I'm not going to go back to the market.
Right.
Whatever that is.
I don't really even know what that is.
What's going on?
What is it?
Literally, it means 90 pounds.
In other words, a big shot that's arcastically.
Another big shot.
Another heavy weight.
But sarcastic because it's 90 pounds.
Okay, I wonder if the paparazzi follow the peasant of all.
I'm sure.
Some award-watchers say Norbit cost Murphy and Oscar landing in theaters shortly before last year's ceremony.
And potentially, this pleasing enough academy voters that developing one against him for dream girls,
for which he been the supporting actor favorite.
Murphy lost the Oscars to Alan Arkin for a little mason shine.
Part of why the Razzies existed to make fun of the critics itself too seriously said Razzies founder, John Wilson.
If you try to make something certain to offend the average 90-year-old academy voter,
I don't think you can have done a better job than the foul mouth physically ugly, emotionally ugly movie he unleashed on the world.
The Razzies ceremony at a magic shop in Santa Monica came with A.B. for Sundays Oscars where Norbit ironically was set up for the best makeup prize against La Viana Rose and Pirates of Caribbean at World's End.
Michael Rissi, would you be back guys?
I'm in a party.
Well, at least you may have a little water on this set, okay?
All those lottery players holding cruffled worthless mega million tickets can take some consolation,
a couple of one to 270 million dollar jackpot are just too nice to resent, they say.
You know who they are.
Robert and Tanya Harris matched all five numbers plus the mega ball on Friday night's drawing.
The only one, the only such ticket in the multi-state game, they live in Portal Zodja.
Oh my god, kind of a place could that be.
Robert Harris wearing a pink shirt and dark sunglasses.
You're fair as you talk about his good fortune in front of his home with his family Saturday said he and his wife don't normally even play the lottery.
That's the way it always is, but out of the idea, even after the fact.
Oh, we're back up, we're back up now.
Oh, hallelujah, we're back up streaming. I got the green lights.
And pretty soon it's going to say down 45,000 times.
And didn't we start the show? I wasn't going to mention it on the air because sometimes it's even too embarrassing for me.
But what we're doing, we start here with the jackpot telling me, oh, well the audio of all is down and they're going to come in like two minutes before to show and fix it, which I guess they did.
Yeah, I guess so.
We're having a technical nightmare and you don't think it's because it's Monday, that after another one of those weekends, you know,
when everybody comes in and plays house with our equipment, with everybody's equipment.
Yeah, all the little children come in and they play game.
Oh, when I play radio and they posky around with this button and they screw around with that one and they punch it and kick it and twang it and the clang it.
And everybody mornings the same thing.
Oh, gee, nothing works. I can't imagine why.
The worst news in history, Ralph Nader, the craggy old pompous piece of turd,
is launching a third party campaign for prison.
You know how many people are going to vote for him this time? I guarantee you.
Yeah, I.
The can is launching a third party campaign for prison.
You know how many people are going to vote for him this time? I guarantee you.
Yeah, I.
The consumer advocate made the announcement Sunday on NBC's Eat the Press.
He says most Americans are disenchanted with Democratic Republican parties and then none of the presidential contenders are addressing waste to send corporate crime and Pentagon wasted promote labor rights.
I think there's one thing we need to stem and ask him, put a lid on him already.
Okay? Jesus, God.
Get out of here, brandy.
Get that stream working. Stream it. Go away. Quit bugging me.
Like I'm going to press a switch and do something.
That supposedly is back up there. I guess.
Oh, now it says 401 on the right side. So maybe it's not. I don't know.
It's working again.
You sure now who told you that? Eric.
Nader also ran as a third party candidate in 2004 presidential elections.
He just won't go away. A man with an ego that is so out of control. He won't get the message, you know.
He's still loathe by many Democrats, including me who call him a spoiler and claim his candidacy in 2000 caused the party the election.
By 70 votes away from Al Gore and a razor thin contest in Florida. It's not like an opinion. It's a fact.
It's a fact.
I mean, we were just going to kill him.
And you stood Godfather to our baby. You allowed me to call her invested.
I don't know how many money it killed.
We're in the famous, recent, famous, not so hard. And it's not your husband.
According to a Wall Street general report, Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama,
recently said that Nader's plans don't concern him.
I think the job of the Democratic Party is to be so compelling that a few percentage points to devote to going to another candidate
is going to make any difference, he said, no, how Saturday.
The Wall Street general article continued to Obama responded to criticism from Nader, who suggested that the Democratic hopeful likes substance
by noting that Nader has reached out to his campaign.
My sense is that Mr. Nader is somebody who, if you don't listen and adopt all of his policies, thinks you're not substantive, Obama said,
before praising Nader as heroic and a singular figure in American politics.
A silly old, egotistical pompous ass, that's Ralph Nader.
And I'm going to tell you just like I told you in 2004, anybody who votes for him will track you down.
And shoot your ass right on the spot. We'll get Luca Brasi.
Michael, is this true?
I'm asking about my view of this game.
Is it true?
Don't ask me about my view of this game.
No, hey!
Just this one time.
I wish he asked me about my business.
Come on now.
Did it all.
We've got to put up the fungus.
This one time.
This one time, I wish he asked me about my fix.
Is it true, Michael?
No.
It's true.
No.
Listen to what he says.
No.
A real Italian, no.
No.
26th after all, in fact, there was olive oil squirting out of his ears when he said that.
All you can't say that, I just did.
Show me yours, I'll show you mine.
Tom Cruise, did you read in the ingredients that Boer's Light is made from Rocky Mountain Springwater?
I read it, you know, it's just one.
It's it.
It's exactly it.
What would you say to someone who doesn't know where to buy Boer's Light?
You better know it.
You better know it.
And you can don't.
If I don't know then what?
Go and learn it.
Hey Tom Cruise, we call it Six Pack and SP.
Have you ever seen one?
Like if you were better than SP?
Wow SPs, I feel just read about those in the history books, you know?
We think you should buy everyone in here at Cold Boer's Light.
Can you do that?
I do what I can.
And I do it.
And where I do everything.
There's nothing hard to read.
Oh yes, what?
Godfather too gave me out, I hear it.
And Godfather was born veto-endoline in the town of Colioni Sicily and he just took the,
It just took the script off the screen.
Damn it, don't you hear what that happens?
You notice in Italy there always are clanging and banging on drums and on cymbals and all the noise.
I did not know that.
Okay.
Lots of loud horns are blowing on horns too.
Anyways, 11.33.27 on a QIM on a really spastic kind of a Monday.
Well, I didn't expect this today.
What?
Did you? You expect a spastic day?
It's a spastic.
Well technically it is.
All the restream and baby were streaming.
All right!
What more could you want?
Money.
Policen and Chicago suburbs speaking of money say the internal revenue service is told a seven-year-old boy.
He owes back taxes on $60,000 because somebody else has been using the youngsters' identity to collect wages and unemployment benefits.
Leave it to the IRS to do a really brilliant thing, right?
In fact, let's hang the seven-year-old kid.
Officers and suburban carpenters, Bill, said Friday, the second-graders' identity has been used by somebody else since 2001, detectives have filed a felony identity theft charge against 29-year-olds,
and the surveillance centennial of streamwood Illinois.
The accused centennial of using the boy's personal information reflect more than $60,000 in pay and services while working three jobs.
Well at least he was industrious. He were working three jobs.
Right.
They see he's also used the boy's ID to buy truck, paid bills, and even collect unemployment benefits.
Well good for you there, surveillance.
Hang the kid and then they'll let him go, you know, whatever.
Crazy.
Oh, here comes the first mom of the Croydian.
I don't remember her name.
Orange or English.
That's right.
Good to see you there, don't you.
And if I teach you, we've been back in the day, had bad hearing.
I've never moved.
You always sat next to your old big fat ass.
It's a good, good, good one.
One day.
What?
I wish you would have moved one day.
Frank Rich writes, the audacity of hopelessness, it's way too long for me to read now.
Way too long so I'll read Marie Daz column from the New York Times, Canis Les Macho.
She says, if this is truly the decline in father Clinton then parts marked by one freaky
stroke of bad luck and one striking historical irony.
How likely is it that a woman who finally unfettered herself from one superstar then finds
herself eclipsed by another one?
And when historians trace how her inevitability is solved, they'll surely note this paradox.
The first serious female candidate for present was rejected by voters, drawn to the more feminine
management style of her male rival.
The bullying in Velocostity, the Bush administration of left many Americans exhausted and yearning
for a more nurturing and inclusive style.
Sixteen years of politicians in Washington clashing an epic if not always essential battle
through culture wars, the right wing war against the Clintons, the war without end on
terror, and the war with no end in sight in Iraq, have spotted desire for peace and pragmatism.
Hillary was so busy trying to prove she could be one of the boys, getting on the Armed Services
Committee, voting for let W. Go to war in Iraq, strong army supporters and donors and
tried to out of Marcheo Obama, that's you'll need to be laterally realized that many
democratic and independent voters, especially women, were eager to move from hard power locker
room tactics to a soft power sewing circle approach.
Less towel snapping and more tall color coordinating, less still working more sensitivity.
Business schools have begun teaching the value of a less autocratic leadership style with
the emphasis on behavior women excel at, reading emotions and social interactions, making
eye contact and expressing empathy.
At the University of Texas on Thursday morning Obama proved that he was not a cowboy in
overdrive like W. When he'd emerge it's throwing a spiral because his past might not be as
good as long horned stars.
After so many years when W. and Cheney stumped on the world and the world of Gleared Back,
many Americans would like to see their government focus more on those staples of female fiction,
relationships and conversation.
A first in Austin, Hillary did not channel Jane Austen.
She tried once more to cast Obama as a weak sister on his willingness to talk to Raul Castro.
Obama tapped into his inner chick and turned the other cheek.
To cheer as he said, I think it's important for us in undoing the damages been done over
the last seven years for the present to be willing to take that extra step.
Hillary tried to rough up Obama on copying his pal's language even the she copied her husband's
line from 1992.
The hits that I took in his selection are nothing compared to the hits that the people
in this state and this country are taking every day of their lives under this administration.
While Obama looked at her wearily even fearfully, Hillary suddenly switched to her feminine side.
Getting New Hampshire misty, she said she was absolutely honored to be there with him,
and the whatever happens we're going to be fine.
Her campaign defended the originality of the John Edward Sediment,
saying it even being expressed by the likes of Lindsay Lohan.
The press hailed the moment his heartfelt,
but with simply Hillary's calculated attempt to woo women and protect her future in the party by
sending more collegial.
She is furious that the Chicago kid got in the picture.
Her my sister, my daughter, flipped from a muscular to tremulous,
let everyone left everyone confused.
Many characterized her emulation of empathy is Elijak and submissive.
Which he dispelled that Friday morning when she told him in Smith Editor of the Texas Monthly
that she'll push for Florida and Michigan delegates to be seated despite her promise,
not for a self-mind, you but for them.
It's in large measure because both the voters and elected officials in Michigan or Florida
feel so strongly about this, she said.
Among her other cascading rose, it turns out that Hillary is not able to manage her political
family's money, like a prudent housekeeper where Obama spent the cash he raised,
including from his continuing relationships with small donors far more shrewdly on ads
rather than on himself.
Hillary lands back like a hedge fund manager in a flat screen TV store.
Her campaign attended a show on Nipadence by lavishing a fortune on the techno prisoner
strategist Howard Wilson and Mark Penn on having the best of everything from the set decoration
at events to four season rooms.
In January alone they spent $11,000 on pizza, $1200 on Dunkin' Donuts, and $95,000 plus
at the Moons High Vee grocery store for getting off the vote sandwich planters.
But total domination in the snack area does not cut the musters for its mooring hue.
It doesn't cut the musters.
But there's poor little Vito and Olinio coming to America as a valeson, and after checking
for like license and duty duties and stuff like that, Vito and Olinio.
Checking his eyebrow, checking out his...
All these things.
Full of its slow start in this Godfather too, you know?
That's all.
All it really goes after like seven hours.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna like interspersion the jerk show and mad dog show
we're gonna have like more dialogue from the Godfather.
And from 2 to 4 I believe we can only be an improvement.
