The music expressed on the previous one we believe it was jerk jerk speed on this morning
Huh?
The job you keep roll off next good the biggest name literally your finger
Figuring to swing
505 60
Sure, you you wait for that the Dow is up 100 points that the interest rate cut must be really kicking in
I took a little while
100 point
Now we can just keep going at that rate for the next six hours. Yeah, good luck. Well
Yeah, one moment please. Yeah, just keep filling lots of music keep the filling
Oh, it's young Kipper at sundown tonight. That's why we're not writing the open you want to skip the opener?
Why not?
WQAM presents the Neil Roger show to talk to Neil dial 5 6 7 0 5 60 in date and broard in other counties
Call toll free 8 7 7 7 8 5 Neil or pound 5 60 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones
The opinions expressed by Neil his guests or his collars do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors
Now the Neil Roger show on 5 60 WQAM. I'm actually a lesbian. Look congratulations get alive
Well old man McCain waddle around the stage and waddle and
That one that one that's who voted that we
Everybody is
How about Sarah?
What do you think?
I
Well my friends
Friends my friends
I'd like to do some driving
What can afford to go
For the world's richest country
Mr. Pression
After final
The stage was set
For the
No constant grab all they could get
They trickled it up
To the one percent
Made us fall
And left us for dead
Absolutely absolutely
Could this be a recession
But at night's boiling news
Yes
There's people go and concrete you won't see that on the news
It's like the 1930s
Another dreams of red
We're just the rich and dirty
And a point to buy gas
The court reduced papers
Take it will
The ones that I use for the sheets on my head
Eight billion people that then in the drawer
They've got us blind
Now we've got it just for
All
We're in the deep depression
But they don't want you to know
For the world's richest country
Mr. Pression
It blows
Not as much as your your street but it blows
That was up 137. I'm going to keep you abreast of that all day boy. This oh boy is just
nasty not not real bad in other words. I'm not all that stuff up. I just scratchy in the throat, you know
George is back with us. He had break problem the other day maybe you're because you're a liberal
That must be it
You didn't see the story about how a whole bunch of in one neighborhood here in Toronto
Whole bunch of people who had liberal signs because the elections next Tuesday had the breaklines cut
I said that break. Why? Yeah, they have the breaklines cut
So I think it was had his breaklines cut because he's a liberal commie pinco no question
So here's the polls from the a various networks. We got our poll going. We'll get to that
MSNBC poll which looks to me like it was freaked by the McCain people who won the presidential debate
651,000 votes just a little bit more than we get in our poll
McCain 35% Obama 52% a tie 4.1% and not sure
8.8% not sure I
See CBS poll however
Obama 82 and a half percent McCain 15% of draw 2 and a half percent
Obama 82% the CBS poll and the CNN poll 321,000 votes plus
Obama 74% McCain 19% no queer a clear winner 7%
How do you like that? I like it
Yep an old daughtering McCain kept waddling around the stage and waddling and waddling and grumping his way around
Oh that one that one my friends my friends
You know how CNN has that thing where they show the him
The reaction meter from the audience from the crowd
Yeah, have you ever watched that I saw yeah the little graph thingy right
McCain was flatlining most of the time or in the there were a few times when he was above a flatline
And of course when you look at him flatline shouldn't come as any surprise but nevertheless
Yeah, it's pretty much over unless they come up with some real big October surprise now
Some real big surprise and of course the barracuda palin she's out there
Yeah, all right. She's she's the attack pitbull
She's the pig with lipstick, but nevertheless
Let's take a quick look get this out of the way okay 1180 votes on yesterday's poll when George was out sick
We had a good show yesterday didn't we Chris yes
We had really in the emails were great. They were poor not not pouring in
But they were steady throughout the day wow actually were responding what we were talking about
There there's one
Oh, it's from the I love jerk jerk streak. I would delete the media that don't read your crap. So you're waiting
Yeah, you get those two
Uh, no not from him. No, I love jerk jerk street some
I got my own email chronics. I just I just delete the chronics right off the bat
But you know it keeps them off the street. I guess it's something to do. I'm raspy you know just
I did it along the raspy side today. Yes, you are, but I'll get through good
I think no wood buying today. I think I'm going to take a hot shower and the crawl into the covers for a few hours
Bring some tea. Oh take your tea and shove it okay come on now
Tea some echinacea. Well, what is oh please that's it's just hot liquid. Young and throat is gonna make it feel good
Yeah, no comment
1180 votes on the poll from yesterday beside the near Roger show what current South Florida institution
Will you miss most when it finally disappears?
Publix 293 public wins with a quarter of all the votes. We don't want to lose our publics
The Florida panther. In fact, Debbie Wasserman shouts a shorts a king
With saying on last night when she goes to publics a car gallon of milk has six bucks
Is that correct six bucks?
I don't know for a gallon of milk pretty soon. It'll be eight bucks. Wow
Florida panthers national hockey league team they'll be going soon 77 when do we want to give those tickets away Chris
Whatever you want not now, okay, let's dispense with this Q. I.m. Hi Chris and both of us talking Neil speaking
Neil how are you okay?
My friends my friend, you know, I gotta tell you Neil good morning my friend
Yeah, my friends my friends and you know they're making an issue out of that
That guy or what did he say when he pointed that one that one?
Do you think there's going to be any post come you know any kind of attacks on a bomb inside?
Do you think that'll just be an issue that they'll avoid an issue? Well, I mean, you know
It does kind of a condescending remark. Yeah, I mean well
He has a condescending attitude to a roboma. He did the last time he wouldn't even look at him the first debate
And he acts like he's like some kind of a quizzling, you know
Yeah, and cronies how many times did he say that?
And let one one more thing now. Yes, let's close you
I mean, do you think that the Republican or McCain and Pound? I mean, they just absolutely
Desperate this point because I think it's a slammer you have to ask me that question. Yeah, I know
It's fair
Florida, Marlon 68 we're gonna miss them and they'll be gone even with that new stadium
Even after they pee away a whole bunch of millions of your tax dollars
That's the specialty of governments at all levels is peeing away. It's like they have a faucet with money in it
With your money and they just open up the faucet wide
And the money come is pouring out. Let's hope it's those nice new maybe those golden fixtures
That's way before your time johnny jones who was a superintendent of schools and he had golden
bathroom fixtures in his home
At taxpayer expense nevertheless he uh he went away
The Museum of Science and Planetary in the Grove 62 with Miss Horkheimer
The sequerium 57 joes stone crabs 52
Get the crabs of joes
Petzel off 48 in Georgia will be very impressed to know that ponytail called in on the bat line yesterday for another free plug
Good for him
Shorties barbecue 47 windixie 42 the elbow room in 36. I can't believe that's still there
In Fort Lauderdale the elbow room
Dania and Miami Highlight 34 we lumped through together because individually, you know
Birdball 31 Carter race track 27
Bayside Marketplace 26 love 94 the only radio station to make the list
26 love 94 crap
Iliana was anodinate laden in 24 little bob mayor got 23
tobacco road 22 Jackson's ice cream parlor when a Georgia's favorite haunts 21 you betcha
Wayne Arnold's right castle right behind with 20 when's he gonna open again
Books and that was a rhetorical question books in books 18 lester's diner 17 the monkey jungle 17
The festival flea market 16
Alan's drugstore in South Miami 13. I told about how they made us those banana splits at iod
Remember that they brought in the ice cream and all the accoutrements and made us banana splits where in the studio
Oh was to die for Tony cigarette oh 13 he's dead
Lorenzo's attack in market 12 parachungal 11
Versailles restaurant 60 Floridian 6
Faglio dog tracks 6 the gateway theater in 4 lotterdale 4 max douche bar 4 and Christopher's 1
I never heard of max douche bar. Did you never really ever flee knew all about it. Well, please the degenerate
You know he gets around flee hangs out at all those
Degenera places the generative kind of places. I thought I did put her hang out with him more often. No
Oh, he gets around
So I heard oh look at that Brandon says it's about five to six bucks for y'all know milk the same goes for orange juice
Oh my god
I wonder what Bing Crosby thinks about that
Juiced the juices. Oh that I was only up 92 now and now only 88 oh boy
We had some early progress there
It looked like it was gonna really kick in and go zooming up there anybody believe in that no now 85
How about if I just sit here and read that number all day the Dow industrial average up 85.06 86.89
381 votes on our poll so far today who won last night's
Presidential debate debate number you know something. I think they ought to cancel the third one
They're boring
And the aimless two came on afterward on both MSNBC and CNN they pretty much unanimously agreed that the format sucks
It blows even though the candidates themselves in the parties they they set it up that way
But oh talk about boring. Did you think it was boring? Yes, it was and was there anything new other than my friends
They were repeating the can they mean the same stuff that they said in the first debate and that they'll say in the third debate
I really wish McKinley just lost it and come running across the stage you know they had those handheld mics
And use his mic as kind of like a baton to try to hit Obama over the head with it. Just just lost
That would have been good
Let's see our audience says Obama won
247
63.3 percent didn't watch it 60 a draw 34 McCain 25 only 6.4 percent and don't care 24
6.1 percent of the audience they don't care. What is it got to do with the game? What's it got to do with the canes deal?
What's it got to do with the canes and the fish and the big smelly tuna
12 minutes after 10 at 560 wqm happy Wednesday to you
Well, I have no idea what day it is they all at this stage of my life
They all kind of blend into each other on the only days. I know what it is is the weekend. Oh
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission at WQAM
Baby broadcast group incorporated
Neil
Oh, how are they? Come on out here
With light hits right here on get serious satellite raid videos
So you thought I was out of work
Well now she I got the pay to listen to me now see here. I got some good show for you today
Rich Wolts will be turning as a little later, but vice I got it
Who let you in here? I just wanted to congratulate you on your new show. Well, that's mighty whitey of the old
What do you call this show again? Late hits. What does that mean? I don't understand
That's what it means your lame brain see I waited
Why that's not for you now get out of here before I struggle your balls
Yeah, I'm straight, Bob. I got rich waltz on the line
Hey waltz. What do you know? What do you say? I hear you're looking for in a tiny
Why I'll have you know I used to be in a tiny the David and Calhoun Deloitte
I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you? Well, I ain't no moe
I gave up my practice when I found out Raymond Barry was
You can get it. I heard that start. Yeah, it's hard to tell them pipe smokers apart
Don't understand. There was the greatest piece of ass I ever had and I've heard him all over the world
What you two
Your bell is hanging
Oh
Oh
Yeah, I would like to godfather lot better for would have been Joe Bell's head instead of the horses and
Oh, I go back and watch it a hundred more times
Well, we got a bunch of emails here a few of them about the last nights debate mainly
Here's one that says McCain won by a nose
Oh
Oh Gilbert's moving to California somebody said we'll get to that event. Oh gee
But before I get to the rest of these uh
emails dark Thompson's got a good com to they the pain of being McCain
But the most important story of the day besides let's see that that was up
26 points boy lost 120 points real fast of its gain
Oh, but it's better than the opening it opened down 200
oh
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money
I tried to tell you George don't invest in stocks. It's like a it's a Ponzi game Ponzi a Ponzi
Ponzi game
A gay chef murdered his lover and cut out part of his leg seasoned it with herbs and fried it mm
Accord has heard in England
Anthony Morley 35 chewed one of the pieces before throwing it into his kitchen bin
He was having a little leg
Morley a former holder of the mr. gay UK title and walked to a nearby takeaway restaurant and told the horrified staff
I've killed someone call the police
Officers found the naked body of 33 year old Damian Oldfield on the floor of Morley's bedroom leads crown court was told
It'd been stabbed 20 times in his throat cut
Morley later claim mr. Oldfield to try to rape him
Prosecutor Andrew Stubbs
Worn jurors that details of the case were unpleasant at disturbing mr. Stubbs said
He added and carrying out your task in this trial. You must not allow the horror of what took place to cloud your comm assessment of the evidence
Come you don't like us with the economy and everything like that
Come
He said the two-minute known each other for some years
Not a number not like eight years or 20 years, but some years
mr. Oldfield was openly gay gay and would work selling advertising space for a homosexual lifestyle magazine
Probably a normal kent's magazine no doubt
He was described as flirtatious promiscuous naturally outgoing and bubbly
Morley was less sure about his sexuality and had relationships with both men and women
Oh, guess what speaking of that Jimmy Cifalus is the permanent morning show host on iodino
We'll get to that in a minute okay, and they've got their cyber pole going and oh who do you think is going to be the next present
McCain it's that fascist iod is all they should have a swastika on their billboards if they got any
iod their symbol is the swastika now how the mighty a fallen man what are the disgrace what a disgrace to the radio dial
w i od my ass
Anyway, this guy had won the first mr gay uk contest 93 of the mad slasher the bubbly guy
On the day of the murder when april the two exchange text messages during the afternoon later met in a baron leads where they both lived
And the text morally told mr. Oldfield they'd never been properly happy being gay mr. Oldfield replied try me. I'm not your average poof
Remember that song by Peter fallen Sally poof the magic dragon come right up
He was dragging it. Oh, and yesterday fat Chris was able to get into your thing. What were we playing yesterday
Kingston trio Kingston true because one of the Kingston trio the guys died. Oh
Yeah, and so we played over the mta we played a word have all the flowers gone
Pete sigger wrote that which i thought it was bob Dylan, but
But it was not
They exchange increasingly affectionate messages these two and arranged to meet morally stressing you wanted to take it slow
Later that night they ended up in morally's bedroom the court her they've been drinking beer both were around three times the legal limit for driving
Forensic experts later found evidence there had been sexual activity. Oh
Mr. Stubbs said morally used two knives taken from the kitchen downstairs to kill mr. Oldfield
He's slid is still cutting a vein and artery in the process
Stabbed him with great force in the chest and 19 times in the back
The evidence indicated or feel the belong under the dovet when he was attacked from behind what is a dovet do you vete a duvet?
Who is it duvet? I think so
Dovet it's British you wouldn't be a duvet
oye ve
Dovet what what is it dovet? I don't know i'm looking it up. Oh is it like oh it's in other words
You're you're correcting my pronunciation, but you don't know what the hell it is
Yes, the duvet
I don't know what it's pronounced. It's like what a comforter. How does it say it's pronounced
He can play it
One moment please be out go ahead. I'm waiting for the player. Oh, I'm so slow there you go duvet. I told you
Stuff said that after Mr. Oldfield died morely cut a section of flesh from his thigh took it down the kitchen
I cooked it the jury heard that morely was wearing only a bloodstained dressing gown and flip flops when he arrived at the takeaway his face in the hands were splattered with blood
Oive oive
He later told police. I know what I've done is wrong
He tried to rape me at least he won't be able to do it again morely denies murder the court was told
He was at the very least guilty of manslaughter
But the jury would have to consider issues of provocation and diminished responsibility the case
Continues
Let me say it again the case to continue
Oive
Duvet
Well, that's pretty unusual for the Brits to be using a French word like that duvet. I mean it's got to be French right with an et
And the Mologist friendship
No kidding very good fat Chris very very read from 1758 you and Greg read
Okay, now let's get to some of the emails. Oh here
Harry G who's a real a hole and a right wing idiot
rights is Jimmy syphilis now officially the permanent host and w i would do the morning. Yes. I just checked their website
Harry thanks for the uh heads up
It looks like he's already got his own web page on the i.o.d website
Yes, he does
Jimmy said this morning can sit as himself middle class and that Obama is a socialist because he wants to take money away from people making
200,000 and give it to poor people and I agree
I agree says Harry who's a real Nazi. That's why he listens to i.o.d
In it's a quarter of a million first of all is the right number and secondly
It's not a question of taking you and giving it away. It's a question of increasing the taxes so that rich people pay their fair share
That's what's all about Harry but you're too stupid to understand that that's why you listen to a Nazi radio station and to a pansy like Jimmy syphilis
Probably the worst play by playing out in the history of the national football league but nevertheless
Wow, Harry, but thanks for the like I said the heads up keep your head up Harry
Unlike a John McCain who was wandering around and on the verge of dropping the microphone. Yeah
No, my friends my friend. Hey, he looks like he's like one step away from Renfield
It gets a good point. Yeah
He starts reaching out and grabbing flies and eating the menu now
My friends lies are my friends. Lizette says oh my god of McCain says my friends one more time
By the way, CNN did a great montage this morning. They showed him
Same my friend over and over and they flipped it all together. It was great
Uh, if McCain says my friends one more time. We're gonna jump off a building
He is so decrepit it needs to go go Obama love the show says Lizette
Thanks, Lizette Tony says
The best thing last night was the way McCain would drop the wireless mic from his awkward stiff arm and catch it with his good hand
I wonder what that seems to go at a republicans. It was Bob Dull with the gimp hand from my WWW two remember that and he had a
Pen stuck in the United States. I don't know why he did that
He explained that once it was to show to people that his hand was occupied so not to reach out and grab it
Because it was his right hand so people would reach out to shake his hand and he would be out to grab it his hand and
Maybe that's why he didn't always limp but he would always have to uh, you know
Reach out and intercept with his left hand
So if he had a pen in his right hand people wouldn't expect to have their hands shaken with his right hand
And now you're gonna have to play Bob Dull's bum hand
Oh, maybe I'll finish Tony's email because it's very important for Robert
So
The
The biggest name
Yes, it's a big dog
That was down 27 points. Oh my god
It's down 32 points like I said
The sports leader
This is the most disgusting program
I urge everyone to complain to this station
Absolutely
I'm
Me
Just like
We won't
So
We're just saying no, good night well played, don't try to fight, that will make white
water, all feels the mess, we're riding ahead, the most dead is home, we're just
dogs, dogs, dogs, sleeping, I don't know how to sing, we're
girls, I'm just going,их March on a
Aluminum's gold band,
HI-doh-heidh,
Down
Schlossi- and
all
i don't have that one make it one of the best of this guy is about five dollars
game pander whatever it is wow what's it called
uh... robert doles bumhand i do all robert dole well i didn't i didn't look
under robert
there's robert blake
mhm how much robert robert dole loses that was called
no
what's only on
here i just can't wait until robert dole
what's it called
i thought it was robert doles bumhand
no my have to find out one of our best of
i got him here in the back
over by the side over by the wall
i'll look
or maybe i won't i don't know i'm under the weather a little bit don't push me
to do too much work now
he's i'm looking at that jimmy syphilis thing on iod's website
who's not the permanent morning nazi
talk about a sellout talk about a self-hating i mean come on jimmy who are you
kidding who are you kidding sweetie
god
what a joke
all these x-jocks man it's like it's mandatory it's written in the NFL
playbook
and all the other sports too that all the jocks and x-jocks have to be
neo-nazi's they have to be fascist they have to be ultra right wing
because it makes a macho and i'm going to tell you jimmy
if you think you're going to be macho
wow who are you kidding you're fairing wow
whoo but nevertheless so jimmy syphilis is doing nazi radio and iod and also
in play by play on the qa m at the dolphin games so to speak i use that
expression loosely how do you like that
these x-dolphin guys man they just did like a disease i mean at least the
danny was a great player you know i mean jimmy syphilis he was he was okay
would you agree Chris he was all right i don't think i ever saw him play
no no he was he doesn't know him ever
those who know him well say he was not a tight end
but he was a receiver
you putting all this together no he was just he was like an average you know
receiver he was okay it was a decent player i think he caught a touchdown
pass on one of the uh maybe in that last super bowl 84 was it against the 49ers
who the hell did they play in that year i know they lost obviously
when the danny was there he i was off 49ers yeah i'm pretty sure we caught a
touchdown pass from danny boy oh danny boy danny and jimmy and jimmy and danny
we're smelling super bowl because we're there yeah oh my god it's just it's like a
disease like an illness and now we got the new jerk jerk street disease that is
the worst one so anyway George was out yesterday i'm sure that uh
Chris updated you and all the inside fall to all our shenanigans with
clearance our first-while program director he said there was uh nothing to do
there was no meeting right there was no meeting he went in there prepared to like
uh really take a giant dump on clearance his head and clearance said uh
beast was already in here and he apologized and get out of here he's my
buddy's my boyfriend the beast i wonder if beast's wife knows that uh
there's still a clearance and beast they're still doing it
you think i don't know maybe she doesn't care
if i were her i wouldn't care i'll guarantee that of course if i were she i
wouldn't oh my the thought of that
you know there's certain people that you try to envision
doing hanky spanky and what i mean yeah and that pair oh the douga down
110 it just went as soon as i mentioned the beast the douga took a turn for
the worst it went south baby oh no oh now it's down only 95
it's really spastic today people can't decide the course crazy kramer goes
on there two days ago i can't say this enough and he advises america get rid
of all your stock if you need any money in the next five years sell all your
stock that's responsible broadcasting to put a lunatic on the air a man who's
already who was suspended by a cnbc the gambling channel a few years ago
during the tech bubble for promoting his own craft
from making money going on here and giving advice and then making money uh
it's just oh god to have a scam like that huh
you know what i mean oh yeah the scam master at a time when we've got this
everybody is peeing in their pants can they afford their how how mortgage
payment can they afford to pay their car payments
is the dog catcher gonna come in the middle of the night take their dog away
because they can't afford to buy doggie food and by the way all you people out
there all you shluppers who are on really tough times don't be going out and
getting the dog to keep you company in the hard times
because they can't afford to feed a pet you shouldn't have one cat that's okay
let it starve but not a dog right right little little putty cat
yeah let it starve to death okay this it'll go on catch some rats it'll catch
some mice i told you that time tiny killed a mouse in the backyard
literally out there for while and one day he just decided to bring it on in the
house like a trophy you know brought it in living room and stood there very
proudly and i thought to myself the wrong little animal
suffered and died Tony says the best thing last night with the name of came
would drop the wireless mic from his awkward stiff arm in case you with his
good hand after every last word as if to say i'm young and skipping along he
wasn't skipping along he was prowling the stage you know is that he never he
could never stand still for a second he was always storming around stalking
around the stage that's why i thought he was going to take that mic and slam
a bambam up the side of the head with it what a scary side it says he looks like
a troll with a weird retard joker melanoma stricken smile on his
push my friends think make a micken saying will be the worst thing to happen
you say my friends if some homic vein prevails his frail half dead as well make
it to the spring of oh nine then palen would turn the effing wet house into a
giant igloo and bring that turd tide a joiner reminds me of when the Beverly
hillbilly's moved in Tony says i hope that folks he bit Sarah palen falls off the
face of the earth after Obama wins if i never see her again there will be too
soon i hate that fake bitch Tony says now bob in Miami sends me a picture of a
milk
i mean i may be old and seen out with certainly i am but you think i remember what a
gallon milk looks like i don't know the jala you know milk in a jug i don't drink milk
i know cow's milk is for baby cows for calves it's not for human consumption
what ice cream ice cream cheese is all made out of milk the only i don't care about that we
only eat those because they taste good okay not because they're from a cow yeah well i like
you eat ice cream because it's from a cow yeah that's exactly what you have a big big bowl of
Ben and Jerry's fish food you're sitting there thinking oh that's cow's really
exactly what i'm thinking and touching myself all i'm doing it yeah i see anyway public
milk 359 asserted varieties grade a one gallon bottle limit for four a surprising low price
says bob and mommy and Neil this is an everyday price bob must work for public but we love public
so that's all right Debbie washington and then he's got a word that rhymes with patch but i can't see
shults is a dlc nancy Pelosi asking trade or i think she's being groomed by the dnc is one of the
up and coming stars of the traitorious neo-democratic party impeachment is off the table said
that the intercourse nancy says bob and my m if bob don't like that bitch and of course she was a big
swallery supporter too and she yep yeah before swallery packed it in and found oh we lost oh i
don't think so we lost the biggest name the best talent you know his new largest
mark your 560 quio and Huge 4th lead
friends
broon
oh
oh yeah
I'm old and grumpy, but try to understand
And I have a problem, because I can use my hand
I only have one hand, you fare I only have one hand
I like to take my pen and stick it inside
I can't hide, I can't hide, so please vote for me
I cranky bitter old man, and if you, you'll make one of me
I'll slap you like a man, but only with my good hand
I only have one hand, I only have one hand
Wow, how do you like that? I found a lot classic, very proud of you
Vest of Near Rogers 1996 from WIOD back when it was a great radio station
when people to the left of Attila Baha'u actually could listen to it
As opposed to grumpy idiots like Harry G.H. who comes back
Great comeback, Harry, you're ripping me for not wanting to get more of my money to the government
I went to blow on a racket on drug addicts
Harry evidently makes a few bucks, he released claims to
Even though he can't get his numbers right
He says you're just jealous of syphilis
He's on a real station with a real signal, real promotion, real listeners
Not the psychos who listen to your station, like you Harry, huh?
I love when they say, oh they're only psychos who listen to your station
And they're writing an emailing and like that
Psychos like you Harry, between his show on the radio, Dophon games and TV work
You can reach as many multiples of your audience who have every week
See, I don't really care that much about how many people we reach
I care on the 10th and 25th of numbers on that paycheck
And I can guarantee you, put all of Jimmy's enterprises together
He ain't even in the same league with fat old...
Deal, God!
That's right Harry, so you can give me a song to dance about
You know, you don't want to give your money to the government
I'm not happy either with the way the government piece away my tax dollars
Of which I spend a fortune
But nevertheless, that's the way it works
That's the way it goes
That rather have people make insidians a dollar, pay their fair share, including me
As opposed to Schlepper's getting erraped
By the right wing, who all they know is tax, tax the poor and middle class
Take from the poor and give to the rich, that's the Republican party
And it has been that way for years and years
Ever since I've been alive, Harry
Rhymes with...
You fairy
Jimmy Cifalis, he's sticking up for...
Stick with Jimmy Cifalis, and how come you're not over there with Glenn Drek
And Russian out your other fellow Nazis, come on Harry, get with it
Birds of a feather suck together
Debbie says, good news for your buddy Brandon, public says he's got milk on sale
$3.59 a gallon
Like we just heard moments ago, I'm with you, milk is food for baby cows
Love your show, feel better, says Troy
Oh, I see, it says Debbie on top, but maybe Troy dresses up
And there's like Debbie on the weekend, you know
Thanks, Troy
I'm sure that's not our Troy
I don't want to steal that from a seda kid
You know, I'm always stealing his material
Yep, all the time
Like...
Troy!
This, I've gotten several copies of this, it's from Boka, from Beth Shalom Synagogue
Have you seen this?
No
Oh, and you know how the churches and the shows they have out in front they have the signage?
Oh, the marquees, yes, I've gotten two or three of those already
Yeah, I've gotten a few of these, marquee, I love this
Happy New Year, please vote for the Schwarzen
Ha ha ha ha, good plan
That is the best!
Oh!
Alright, let's hear it for Beth Shalom Synagogue in Boka
What'd you think about that?
Cute!
I'm sure Harry will be emailing some more
I don't know why Harry, just go away
You don't like me, you don't like my attitude
And you love Jimmy Cifilis
I'm jealous of Jimmy Cifilis, that'll be the day
Oh my god, can you even imagine that?
Mm-hmm
Wow
Great job on those games, by the way Jimmy
Even Fat Chris says you're the...
Just an abortion on those games, isn't that what you said?
Sure, I don't think I did, but um...
Sure
But that's what you're thinking though
Okay
I don't want to put words in your mouth, correct me if I'm wrong
I asked you your opinion a few days ago and you said just an abortion
I don't think I said abortion, I said a word to you
I said a word to you, like a subhuman race
I did like Bill
Better
Bill Zimfer
Yes
Well, I mean, we'd like to make Weber better too, but I mean is there any question about that?
Bill Zimfer, what a funny guy he was
Here's one from Byron from Meridian, Idaho
Oh my god, can you imagine being in Meridian, Idaho?
Well, it depends on where it is
Oh Brandon's gonna go buy some milk right now, well better you than us
I'll stick with the ice cream and the cheese and you drink the milk
Baby cow milk, oh my god
I wonder if the Muslims drink milk
Certainly not with the falafels
Why not, sounds awful?
Doesn't falafel have meat in it? I don't know
It's traff, it's not halal, baby
You better get your kosher and halal straightened out
Hey, I got it all together
Damn it
You're gonna burn in hell with all those Muslims
Oh yeah
And there won't be those seven virgins waiting for you either
Now who were you telling me that was a member of Prokall Herum
Somebody was telling me that the other day about some guy
It wasn't me
It definitely wasn't you about somebody
I think one of the restaurant owners said
Oh that's right, good old muff
How's she doing?
Haven't seen him lately
He was in there the other day
What are you talking about having seen him lately?
He was there couple days ago
I was in a world and he were yesterday
You were there on Monday
Right
I saw him Monday
And today is Wednesday
Brian said see I know what day of the week it is, that's good
I got a nasty, I better drink some tea during the break
I better brew me some tea
I got no wienies, I got no bacon even
Oh it covered's really bare
Maybe this afternoon I'll go out shopping
Maybe I'll find some of that briars
We were talking about yesterday
I had several emails about it
Carb
What's it called?
Carb something ice cream
The four grams per serving allegedly
Carb counter
Carb sabers
Carb sabers
I don't know
And they have one of the flavors
They have the usual, see the low carb stuff
It's almost always in boring flavors
They've got chocolate vanilla
But they've also got rocky roads
Oh man
Carb smart
Carb smart, that's it
Are you looking it up?
Yep
You're pretty quick on that pewter, that's good
Well I think
Anyway Brian says thanks for the information on Canada yesterday
Obama did a good job last night
He looked in-sounded presidential
One of the highlights was when Obama talked about McCain saying
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, Iran
And destroying North Korea
This man McCain is very dangerous
I think Obama and Biden make a great team together
McCain is no friend of mine
Oh come on my friend
My friend
He even reminds me a little bit of
I'm your friend
You notice the key, they see the same thing
Yeah, yeah
A little bit different from the real one
I had the real one, yeah
Oh yeah, I think he and Prozac Ron are one of the same
Uh huh
I'm your friend
Yeah
Now let's see
Oh here is Frank, my best friend
I've been so long
I'll get to it next hour Frank
Relax
I'll get to all your emails
Neil at Neorodgers.com
Keep them pouring in
And it's better the fact that now we got that stiff competition
Well what hours is he on Jimmy Cifilis?
I will look
And he's continuing to do those boring political interviews like
A foot he was doing
Even Tom Juckis said it was boring
Oh my God
Although I don't think little Tommy will rip Jimmy Cifilis
Because of the ex-dolphin factory, you know
I mean look at Kimba Volkamp
Or there's a real broadcaster for you
Oh God
Uh what are you looking up?
What he works
What hours?
Come on go to the IOD website
It's right there, he's placed it all over
Not aging well either Jimmy
Look like hell on wheels
He's not a bad guy though
He was on my show on IOD 100 years ago
And then he was on there promoting the morning show on Channel 10
That he had for about five minutes
And then they invited me on their show, you know
Tid for tat, so to speak
I guess he works five a.m. tonight a.m.
Oh so he's not on opposite us
Oh thank God I couldn't compete with that
And then we lose Harry
We lose Harry because he's got a Jimmy Cifilis blow up dial
And you know what you get from a Jimmy Cifilis
Blow up dial what you catch from it don't you?
Oh no, I'm not gonna say it
Crotch rot
Ah
Larry says you think why John McCain had to walk around so much last night
It was because he was experiencing diaper rash
Oh
Maybe his bag was overflowing
I could have been it
He just kept stomping around that stage and stomping around
Just a grumpy old man
Isn't it interesting that Bob Dool thing
You could transpose that other than the pen in the hand
You know
And it's the same guy
And I'm looking on this 96 disc
There was a lot of good stuff I mean
Oh yeah
Huh?
Probably can't play any of it
Oh I know one
I can play a little bit of it
You're
You're
You look like a lady
And that's got that nifty sound in it too
That
Hmm
Oh I'm not sure that that one's got the bleeps in it
So why bother
It does?
I don't know
Oh yeah you know it's a trouble maker
Here's more of him
Here's more of him taking a dump
What?
You know what I'm just remembering that's fine
That's funny
That's how we did not find
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Okay
Terrorist
Oh Jocelyn Elders
I know we can't play that
Hi
This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad
Yeah well I am too
I'm mad we can't play that
It's a funny bit
And we can't play this
How much for a kiss
Oh no we can play that
I got panicky there
Come on
How much for a kiss
How much for a kiss
Could I get it for a nickel?
Could I get it for a quarter?
It costs more money than I'll be
You ferry
Those were the days
Boy it's kind of sad
Oh and guess what else we certainly cannot play
No
Ho ho ho
Let it go
You're a little bit of a go
Yeah
Root I'm not just foul and distasteful
The dolphins are cursing
And man it's distraightful
Yeah
Yeah
Can't play that one
Hey do you want to run faster?
Job higher and make the blind see again
Why do you want to move like the wind?
So are like an eagle and raise people from the dead
Huh?
Yeah
Then there's only one few little things
They all move air
Jesus
Oh
And air in Jesus
Just put up their arm
What they'll do for your game is a miracle
Oh no
Oh wow
You're supposed to get out of it
What are they?
They'll hear Jesus here
Yeah why?
And just push the button man
The whore
They'll find out
They'll find you
Oh Jesus
Jesus
Jesus
The pet and the cushion chamber is filled with aviars
Carefully laid it at the scene
So every part of your foot is always walking underwater
Sorry
Not responsible for any water chamber that turns to white
And come and see
Look for the only air Jesus cross-traitor
Air Jesus
They'll make you feel like you're born again
What's the biggest name?
The best out of you
The biggest name is the best talent
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
Miami Ford Lauderdale
This is the Neo Roger show
This is your brain
What solid any questions
It's bleed
Like a lady
Not well but it's three walk
Like a lady
Like a lady
Talk like a lady
But I got wise
There's a difference between the thighs
Oh yes there is
A difference between the thighs
Oh
You showered me with kisses
I thought you were my queen
But I noticed something funny
I saw the bulge in your jeans
She looked like a lady
Like a lady
Walked like a lady
Talked like a lady
But I got wise
There's a difference between the thighs
Oh yes there is
A difference between the thighs
You were my perfect lover
But how I was surprised
Not only do you have one
But you're not circumcised
She looked like a lady
Like a lady
Walked like a lady
Talked like a lady
Talked like a lady
But I got wise
There's a difference between the thighs
Oh yes there is
A difference between the thighs
Oh
How do you like that?
I like that a lot, what do you mean?
Oh I'm just saying those bleeps weren't the world best
They're in there
That's why I dropped a little extra double bleep
1103 at 560 WQM
Because you never bleep it too much in these days
You know the way things are now in 2008 not so great
How does that Dow do in the ill?
Oh boy it's down 157 points
Oh I've a
Error of Yom Kippred and I boy
I guess this will give a lot of people good reason to be a toning
At the sundown
Fasting
You can't even eat halafel on Yom Kippred
How awful
And of course Ramadan you can't eat
What is it during the daytime or like I don't know?
Something like that
150 and a half points that I was on the negative side
Oh
Falafel says somebody Jerry is meat free
It's made from chickpeas just like humus
Humus
Humus
Humus
Humus
Humus
Humus
Clay and Pinecrest is a guy work with his member of the same golf club
Is OJ
He says that OJ had a big party already pre-arranged at the club to celebrate his getting off
Bad luck OJ
The arrogance of that man is beyond belief
Take care of Neil says Clay and Pinecrest
Thanks Clay
What if that's Clay Aiken?
Hey Clay
You fair
Oh sorry
You think Clay's Aiken?
I'm sure he is
For something
Down 129 I keep looking at all 137
Oh boy
Back in the correct book I really do
I think in the long run these cuts are going to work out
And the plan the 700-boi is going to work out
Then the long run
So just sit tight that's what I keep telling you
This stuff comes back so fast
Ha ha ha ha ha
Just sit tight
That's what your broker will tell you because you get broker and broker and broker
It's only on paper baby
It's only a paper loss
That's it there's nothing
And I've got a whole bunch of them here but I'm really shocked that they have to debate
Wouldn't you think we'd have thousands of emails?
I'd imagine it
But we don't
I mean there's a few there's this small pile
515 votes on our poll
Who won last night's presidential debate
Obama 342
65 and a half percent
Didn't watch it 82
A draw of 40
McCain 30 5.7% for insane old McCain
And don't care 28
Out of 522 vote
Chris is going to be real disappointed if we don't make it to 800 today
Yep
Let me go back to that IOD website
Which I used to get chastised for going there because you thought I had some session with footy
I think footy was brilliant compared to what they got on now
So in other words Jimmy was over there auditioning on the air which I hate stations that auditioned on the air like we always do
Remember we had the sports bay by an air for a while?
The fat sports day and people said oh my god not that disgusting cow bitch get her off of there and they did
Minus 133 on the regulatory side for your Dow
And the S&P is down 11 and a half
What about the NASDAQ?
It'll come up
And they give you hour by hour what Jimmy's going to do on the show
Jimmy will review and share his thoughts on the days top stories and issues
From 5 to 6 in the morning that is simple
Are you concerned with what Jimmy syphilis thinks about the days issues and top stories and the debate and politics and stuff like that?
Totally
Pay your fair share Jimmy okay pay your taxes you bastard you cheap jocks sniffing a goofball
He's not a bad guy
He's just terrible on the air but he's not a bad guy
He was very nice to me so I shouldn't really rip him so bad except that he's just torrentous
His dolphins work is it and again the x-jock it's the same old thing we got 3 x-jocks in the booth
I'm not knocking little dog and mad dog or big dog or weener dog but I'm just saying
Wouldn't it be nice to have like a real broadcaster if you're gonna have three people in the booth with that?
Wouldn't it make sense to you to have like a real professional broadcaster?
Yeah
Somebody like a Joe Buck or somebody like that?
Somebody who's not an x-jock somebody who didn't you know hang out in the locker room and take showers naked with other guys and slap them on the ass
With the towel somebody like that
Bobby says I'm one of your white female listeners just to note to let you know I have two children at the University of Central Florida in Orlando
The school has been getting the students to change their addresses so they can vote in November
There were over 40,000 students at this campus most of the schools are doing the same thing
There was an article in the Sunsetta of this morning that Democrats have registered over
360,000 voters this year compared to 190,000 Republicans as in Florida she means
Let's see if Florida can get it right
Well Bobby, I hope so I have my doubts. I'm pretty confident about Ohio in the election in general
For Obama but Florida I'd be shocked if Obama won Florida wouldn't you?
Such a red-nicky Bible thump and phony baloney racist gosh dang place
I think you will. You think Obama's gonna win Florida? I do. I think he's holding that
That's marquee about the schwarza. It's a fake. Oh yeah. Of course. What would it mean of course?
That takes all the pizzazz out of it rich pactura sent me a little bit of luck
You can make your own you can create your own sure. Well, never less my ass
It would be great if somebody had that all had to do that. I think that's funny. But nobody does
Well, that's the problem. That's America for you everybody's a coward
Everybody's a spineless jellyfish like Joyce and jolly joebell
That's why I'm delighted that Bob Dole's got that bum hand
Because it made me get this discount. Here's one called sergeant dildo
I'm sure we can't play that. Oh the clap. I bet we can play that
Yeah. The clapper?
First there was the club. They had the auto theft device that locked under your car steering wheel
But now there's an even better theft deterrent introducing the clap
The clap is the only automobile security system that protects your car by contaminating it
With a highly contagious and disgusting sexually transmitted disease
Properly applied to your steering wheel that clap discourages even the most determined fees
Hey, Charlie, look at that hot little convertible
Yeah, let's take a very spin. Oh, check out the sticker on the window, which is safe
This guy has the clap. Uh-oh, we better forget it. You said it. I stole a car with the clap a couple of months ago to still hurt when I beat
What a make sure nobody messes with you then get the clap and you might want to get a shot of penicillin while you're at it
But the better one, which is on the same disc was first there was the club
The anti theft device that locks to the steering wheel of your car then there was the cap
The anti theft device that prevents thieves from picking your airbags
Now there's the ultimate instinct of the art theft protection introducing the clap
Two and a half pounds of steaming human excrement that plots neatly to the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles
Properly installed the clap deterrents even though it's determined fee
Hey, nice guy. They left it door unlocked
Let's take this for a little spin
Oh my god someone took a dump on the front seat and he's disgusting. I'm moving on to the next car
One roof of the crap and fees will move on to one other car that doesn't have a steaming pile of human excrement on the front seat
We guarantee it. Order the crap for your car today and anyone who tries to steal your car will be in teeth
Well, you know, yeah, we know crap Polar. Here's one perfect for a Sarah trailer trash woman
Can we take this? I don't know, don't remember it. Oh, I'm positive. I think
Her breath smells like bio she's got crust in her eye
She smells like a urinal that attracts lots of flies
When she sits on the porch she picks the scab underneath
Her teeth are brown when she smiles she's a trailer trash woman for me
Oh, right. She has lies up above. She's got crabs down beneath
I called a trailer and woke the family
Her father's her brother her uncle's her grapese
But I don't care she's the trailer trash woman for me
Oh, she never bathes herself
She looks like a smile her nose is running so slide
Oh, her hairy gun hangs out
She has twelfth teeth she has sweaty behind
Racco
She wipes her mouth on a shirt when she's eating
She stings at the time of the month that she's bleeding
She has a hairier chest and blue from taxi
I can't put this love on the shelf she's the trailer trash woman for me
That's a loopy girl
You know, I mean this from the bottom of my heart
No one is as special as you to me
That's why you are my trailer trash woman indeed
You're fairer
Now what's wrong with that? There was nothing wrong really
Nothing at all
We need to start dubbing a bunch of these into the DCS
Alright, that's it. Hey, how's it going?
I thought that was a fine
That was perfect for Sarah
Okay, but weak
He's pounding around with terrorists
He's hanging around with terrorists
Yep, yep, I saw him
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska
You betcha
Oh Jim, in Getsville, New York
I thought Jim was a pretty good emailer until today
But Jim is trying to tell us the same thing that's so many of the collars and emails he's wanting to tell us
I have no life
Hey Neal, you're going to the bus, Bill's Dauffins game in Toronto
Or are you going to spend that Sunday at the track?
Well, let me check my personal secretary and get back to you, Jim
The biggest name
The God, Get a Life
The sports radio 560 QAM
The sports leader
Something such a sports leader
Excellent
Oh no, I can't believe you did that
Oh, sorry
Raspberry from George
Yellow
Well, they say you're a little free
I think it was a poison game
I can't until I'm almost in a coma
How I eat my amy
And they never ever use any sunscreen
Sun with me, tan with me
Hope you don't mind I'm a little fructal
If I'm innocent till we get melanoma
We date like a bun you can sell the aroma
Our lights are all on but there's nobody more
Hey Melon, no why
I spend all day at work planning
That when I get off on go tanning
I get naked and fake fake it
How much longer is my skin gonna take it?
My astrologist and your neurologist have to help me find the dermatologist
Bum bum bum bum bum brin
Bum bum bum bum brin
I am the sun till we get melanoma
We date like a bun you can sell the aroma
Our lights are all on but there's nobody more
Hey Melon, no why
We lie in the sun till we get melanoma
We date like a bun you can smell the aroma
We got lots on our skin bigger than the metronoma
Hey Melon, no why
We don't care if we get melanoma
We got the best tan from here to Arizona
We're glad we don't have genital congeloma
Hey Melon, no why
So, love an 19 to 560 WQAM
Johnny Ola says McCain will win Florida
and North Florida will do it for him
All them ridden eggs up there
I don't know
Maybe Dave County will do it for him
Cause Dave County is really
Thank you Dave
Dear people George
Hey sorry about that
Green tooth
Gamonista
The polls indicate that Elizabeth Litty Dool may well lose her Senate seat November 4
She and Bob may be able to have a tour of retirement together
Says Greg
Thanks Greg
And there's an article here from the Salisbury North Carolina Post
You know where that is Salisbury?
Not really no
You don't know much about North Carolina except that you got that house up in the Goyle
You got a map memorized
I know my area
What do we need a map memorized?
I don't have the map of North Carolina memorized I know my area
I know all about Boone and Blown Rock and the North and Hickory
Jefferson West Jefferson
Oh, now for Wilson
I know about Albany and Skatecate
I know about Kingston and Asher Wab
I know about Two Egg
I know about Florida
I've been through Two Egg
You ever drive through that stoplight?
Maybe
That's Two Egg
I might have blinked and missed it
Recent polls suggest that Elizabeth Dool, the incumbent senator and Salisbury Native
is in for the political fight of her life as she seeks reelection this year
She's in of tourists
Real clear politics average results of all polls for September and found Dool's Democratic opponent
State Senator K. Hagen of Greensboro leading very slightly
44.3% to 43.5
In statistical terms that's dead even
Rashmason reports an independent pollster which has followed the US Senate raised North Carolina
puts Hagen three points ahead of Dool 48 to 45
Most political analysts have moved the US Senate race in North Carolina from a state
leaning toward the Republican Dool to a toss up as in toss up some months
Wow
It's never comfortable for an incumbent to be trailing this late in the campaign
Rashmason reports that on this website
And of course North Carolina the presidential race is even Stephen 49 each
Oh boy poor old John McCain
No wonder he's so grumpy you know
Wow
Life isn't fair
Yeah
I see a lot of similarities between him and old Bob Dool
Crotchety, limp
But nevertheless
I mean look at look at the candidates that we've had in our lifetime Michael Dukaka
Scary John Kerry aka Herman Munster
Dick Nixon
Wow
Damn Koyle
The hockey mom from Alaska
You betcha
And you wonder why the
Everything's going to hell in the handbag I don't wonder
And then they put this damn gambling addicted phony fat fart build Bennett on there on CNN to pontificate about all this other crap
Who the hell is he?
Who the hell are you Bill Bennett besides a big fat gambling addicted piece of turd?
God
I wouldn't be surprised one day if I run in him it would buy him I'd like to run over him in the parking lot of woodbine
I would do serious damage to my beautiful Corvette
How is the market's doing?
Let me get over to a real network here and get off this damn CNN
Let's see oil
That was down E5 not that so bad huh?
The Toronto Stock Exchange is down 151 oh boy that's going to be have a minus in front of that number pretty soon
They're really hurting for a certain and of course the election here's next Tuesday
That Nazi that fascist Stephen Harper is going to get in again but probably again a minority government
Don't ask me what these people are thinking of course that's that's in the you know the outlying areas like in Saskatchewan like in Moose John
Places like that Alberta red necks oil is down to 86 bucks a barrel
Woo let's go out and buy some let's buy some milk at public in some oil
And the Canadian loony is under 90 cents for the first time I can remember 89.36 all right and the euro 136 let's go out and spend a whole bunch of money
I'm going to do a Jim Kramer in reverse course I have that tremendous power of QAM
I mean that hairy guy who was right about one thing at least syphilis is on a signal that somebody can hear we're on W
Hey M
Wow it's okay we're doing okay
You realize that a week from Friday you know what's coming out?
The book the book the good book says it better be a good book
Better be really good or George is going to be really on the hot seat hot seat
Yeah you're going to be on the hot seat on the turl it
You know they have those heated don't they have heated the toilet seats I'm sure they do
Well that's somebody somebody who's going to crank your stuff to the front and to fry your ass
Mark says yesterday I got a phone call from the Republican Party
The representatives asked me if I'd consider voting for John McCain all of my voters still going to a bomb a bite
Now let her speak a bit and at no time did she mention Sarah Palin
When she was done I let her know that I can't see myself voting for a war mug
There's got one foot in the grave and a functionally illiterate neo Nazi running mate
The representatives slammed the phone down and in the call nice go on Mark you go Mark
Sarah the hockey mom I mean she's a prop I thought the baby was a prop she's a prop
That's what she is
Just a fool all you all you hockey moms in Joe six pack
That you know that that's what I understand they've already got the red next wrapped up I'm sure that right
Oh yeah no question New York Times column by marine doubt mud pies for that one
I better send that to all I got to send that check out to your buddy Cortis
I'll do it I'll do it for sure today because I'm gonna like slab slather some vicks on my neck you know
Maybe drink some tea too but I doubt it
Just just to just to be nasty mud pies for that one
Marine doubt should I read your column I don't want to read any columns it's too much too hard on my voice it's long too
But it'll be on our website tomorrow
Who voted against it that one that one what a condescending miserable old and you know something
What what he does stuff like that when he starts doing his negative attack crap yeah and you watch that graph
Oh yeah it goes in the negative it goes on the right it the flat lining isn't bad enough it goes in the minus
Kind of like the markets kind of like his numbers are gonna be in many states in the minus
Poor insane McCain
That was down 33 points not not consequential it is consequential though the loony is under 90 cent I like that 89 cent
Are you happy I can go out and spend some some money oh yeah
Give me 11% of my money that hairy guy by the way never he never responded to my vitriolic attack
And rightfully so what's his comeback maybe you know maybe he's busy with his Jimmy syphilis blow up doll
Who are you kidding hairy huh?
I pay a crap load you think I'm happy about all the money I pay in taxes to these grave robbing bastards
He's right way in lunatics these neocons, but that's the law hairy that's the way it is
And if you don't like it they're gonna come and take your ass away and put you in there with OJ
Oh that would be a good match don't you think OJ hairy and Jimmy syphilis together behind bars
Oh I think Jimmy might enjoy it the sports leader beware of exploding balls
There is a child living down in Mexico who has to go to work every day
Sit at his desk making clothes for Kathie Lee loves the work but doesn't love the pain
You're fair they are the kids who make the clothing they are the ones to make a bucket of days so quick complaining
It's just clothes to make it look like you love to buy it's true they make a bucket of day with Kathie Lee
All right one of my least favorite people Kathie Lee what can she sing she got town
No, there's Joe Biden he ain't no Sarah Palem thank God
This is Tampa
This election in the words of folks I grew up in my neighborhood is literally about dignity and respect
The respect American people deserve is simply if you got a scuttle side cut through everything from our perspective it's about fairness
That's right Harry you better get right down to what Harry is a busy he's probably on his way to the IOD studios now catches a noon date with Jimmy
That was down in mere 33 points what's not to like huh I mean it may never go up again but at least we'll try to keep the losses in double digits
Is that okay fine that's fine Jason who's a chronic but a good emailer usually says did you see all the notes McCain took with his sharpie
Yeah in fact before he had even sat down did you notice at the very beginning of the debate
Huh at the very beginning of last night's debate you know they went back to their chairs to sit down you know and that awkward
Stodgy format of this horrible debate and he was already making using his sharpie to make squiggly notes on that the thing was a preola
He was probably writing Tom Broca that's the name of the moderator Tom Broca I mean just what what are you going to be writing notes about when he just came out and the shook hands with the end of what he shows very clearly his personal contempt for Obama
In fact who they even will flip screen said that which usually he keeps his opinions except about Israel to himself you know
Said it was very clear that he had great contempt for Senator Obama
Yes, yeah you very
Michael says I was thinking about what you were saying about all these jocks and jocks nifers like Jimmy syphilis being right wingers wanting to look more mature or something
I think it was a little bit deeper Michael says I think they also think of a life as a series of ball games
Like wars for example who won the war who lost the war did we run the ball or throw a couple of bombs etc all of which
Could be just like the games they watched no participating if they don't participate in the war I think most adults know that the only way to win a war is not to have one in other words to win the diplomacy
Which is why watching McCain last night saying that he would win the war and Obama would withdraw and disgrace the laws was absolute insanity
Well of course that's a long question nobody he wants to ask what does winning the war in Iraq mean how what what constitutes winning the war
Can anybody answer that question when we own all the oil oh okay
Which we should have come and said to expect in sandy from the butchers use our military like pawns on a chess board
Which McCain should know even better since he was in the military and was essentially used in that manner
But of course war is relatively easy when you're pushing buttons in a plane at 30,000 feet until you crash
But I digress as Michael so politics war etc
It's just entertainment for these overgrown children because all they know is when's the big game who is playing what's the game plan who won who lost
Well, you're wrong Michael it's the macho thing we kick their ass that's that's what it's all about you got to be right wing
Because Democrats are you know lily livid pansy companies to you know weak weak you have to portray that strength of a jock
Even though of course you spent years and years taking showers together naked with other guys and God
We know is doing what else in that locker room you know what what they say what happens in the last days in locker room
But I heard on this station hill yeah that's right that's what some of our ex jock might be telling you just like the same ones
Who can't keep their political opinions of themselves even though this is supposed to be a sports station 20 hours a day but it's not
Thank God for this show we're surrounded by so much right winged Pablo such kaka
God
How is Chris do I have to pull I don't think you're gonna make no 800 votes today probably not you only got 585 and this is on the debate last night my God
We got 586 now yeah heavy heavy duty baby
Oh here's something to help your cold from somebody whenever I feel the cold coming on to a sore throat I take zycam
It comes in either a nasal swab swab or some funky tasting Schmidt that you mix into a drink I go with a swab it's easy and doesn't taste like crap
Zycam works I felt the cold coming on this past Monday I began using the zycam and my cold is practically gone
Drink liquids to and you'll be better in no time have soup for something at wood buying oh no eating at wood buying I think that's what made me sick
Was my dinner with Hank's air tonight Lord my resistance the food there oh there's only one word to describe it F-E-H-F-E
You can't complain about the food at wood buying because they don't have any all the upstairs the macaroni and cheese is good
On the trackside level upstairs
Yeah macaroni and cheese I think I got some good sandwiches and some soup maybe I'll go to wood buying have some soup for two three thousand
I don't want to push my luck I lost yesterday I'm not going back today I ended my lengthy winning streak yesterday
That was down 147
Cecilia says I haven't heard the buffalo bills bit in a while the one where he calls asking for plastic I just played it yesterday
Calling asking for plastic surgery I heard draft from a constantly would love if you could play it just once I played it yesterday did I not Chris yep
Yep
You should be any able to play anything in your library of bits because they couldn't be well
They couldn't be as obscene as a man talking with fat juicy ferret turds in his mouth
Nothing worse than a man a mouthful of fat juicy turds if you can't play the buffalo bills up the butt song
Would also help me out to get out of here Cecilia take a hike honey I just played yesterday she wants me to play it again
Oh and the brand is as I can vouch for a Xi cam I took the up hills it was very helpful
You ever taken you ever hear of it I never heard of it Xi cam yeah I see the ads for it but no I haven't taken it
There's a drug that George hasn't taken yet oh that's here something with them
Well let me see I doubt that I'll be able to find it
Where will I find it Nicole remedy a section in my local pharmacy probably right next to the pink grapefruit splash soft so body wash
I was thinking about that when I was taking a shower yesterday morning with my fabulous I've got that pomegranate and whatever the other one is
With some other fruit mm-hmm. It's good stuff. It's key we got the huh key we no it's but it's got the scrubbing things
Oh nodules the nodules like just like the tangering one or whatever the other stuff is what's the other one we use?
Apricot oh yeah it's got the same scrubbing a nodule and I was thinking to myself these guys that are like
It's the same thing what we were talking about only moments ago
You got to be my show that's that's only for pansies body wash yeah sure it's like saying real men don't wear shoes you know
They go out there and they they barefooted remember Robert Parker and barefoot and sure barefoot how much any K would be playing that on the show if he was still on the air
But he got screwed badly he got really screwed in tattooed by jolly jovelle and in the hump of the there's Robert Parker maybe his barefoot
That's a real man. Go on and step on that glass and break your ass everybody get on your feet what a talk
You make me nervous when you're in your seat
Yeah, take off your shoes and pat your feet
We're doing a dance that can be we we barefoot and how come you can say we barefoot and that sounds illiterate to me
It does because it's music you have artistic life. Oh, I see we do a touch up. We be we be pretty good
That's right Chuck says you know it's after the debate Obama's wife stayed much longer to meet with the town hall audience
McCain stayed very little and left fast maybe we can't had a turn in because it was past his bedtime
Spread them and say chief
Well, I bought some new potato chips cuz ain't got any fat
But now we're after I didn't in the job I said I knew they had some side of fix but I thought I'd take a chance
But right after I swallowed them I felt my colon dance
Ain't oh let's try my valve he gets a seize now I'm in the careless grottin with my pants around my knees
I'm afraid to sneeze because of my feels up and disgusting running down my knees
Oh, I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag and I should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me a rag
So if you eat them don't be surprised if your belly hurts and in about an hour you'll have the elicitor's squirts
Ain't oh let's try my valve begin to see
I'm in the careless grottin with my pants around my knees
Ain't oh let's try now I'm afraid to sneeze because of my feels up and disgusting running down my knees
You fell all right, but I'm screaming these during the break just to make sure good plan
Now that was one that you would have thought maybe there was like a few homes
Yes, but but there were not there was a clean execution. It was kosher for your own kipper. Let me tell you right now
Because the last thing we want to do is be playing like unapproved sounds right Joyce would have a nervous Schmidt about
600 one votes on Chris's pole good old fat Chris
He's gonna be with us on Friday by the way because flea couldn't do it correct flea was good yesterday
It was pretty good. You know he's from Tampa didn't know that George. He might have mentioned it but I forgot the vows down 203 points
I beg your pardon
I said I think I forgot he might have mentioned it but I forgot
He's from Tampa. I thought he was like a New York Jewie kind of guy. He's a Tampa Jew. No wonder we got out
They probably tried to litch his ass and temple terrorists
Who one Tuesday's presidential debate that's our poll question on neo-rogers.com don't forget nil at neo-rogers.com is our email address
And there's nothing in there. Oh, yeah, there is one Scott G says you might want to add this to your website if it's not already there the real John McCain
He's got a link. I don't have time to appreciate these but I don't have time to show to a link with the links. You know what I mean?
Also, so I came as a scam and they pay fines to the FDA for misleading advertising in other words it doesn't do a thing except empty your wallet.
It says Scott. Well Brandon says it works and Scott said, feh
Water
Who want try like I'm going to start fasting at the sundown you would you out of the kid me
These people who are
Manipulated by their religious upbringing and who observe these ridiculous insane things
I have one question. You know what the question is? Why would anybody over the age of 10 fast
Stop eating because it's a certain day of the year whether it's Ramadan you're on Kipper. Well, whatever the hell it is. Good Friday. Well, what are you doing? Good Friday? You can't eat meat is that the
Used to be you couldn't eat meat on Fridays at all you Catholics right God changes his mind. You know he doesn't God said oh meat's delicious
Go on with the famous burgers at Mickey D's with bacon and cheddar
God keeps changing his mind. Oh God. Who want to this presidential debate? 608? What's our goal? 610?
No, 610 that's the homo Jimmy syphilis who's now the permanent morning guy on there until they can't his ass till I'm W I O D. Oh I hate that station.
Obama 394 64.8% say he wanted a bait not nearly as high as the CNN people 82% of the CNN polls said he went and what was the CBS?
No, CNN was 79% and CBS was 84% give it to Obama didn't watch it 93 a draw 51 didn't don't care 35 and McCain 35. He's tied with don't care 5.7%.
So that's pretty close Obama 65% McCain 5.7% that's pretty tight not out of 611. Well, they just call the whole thing off. Okay before Carl Rove and the
Neocons figure out some way to fix it. So we still got almost four weeks to go. Four weeks from yesterday's the election. Well, you'd be glad to get it over. Sure.
And I'll listen to Obama. Mike. It like as many as 353 electoral votes which would be a glanslide. Oh, wouldn't that be sweet? Yep, they can't steal it if it's that lot of lopsided.
Frank says I don't think he their candidates stood out from the other, but both just kept rereading their talking points. Really coming close to answering a question that was asked for
for Schmitz and giggles. For a fun and games after the debate I decided to play channel hockey with MSNBC and Fox News. I don't watch Fox News. Frank ever, ever, ever.
Because I'm not a masochist. It's amazing the contrast between the two as Fox with Sean Hannity was overwhelming. We stayed in McCain won the debate. And MSNBC with Keith Obramon was stating Obama clearly won.
Personally, I believe it was closer to withdraw, but the contrasting points of view from so called media sources was unbelievable is what it was.
Unbelievable. There's the sirens again. They're coming to get us here. I hear. Oh boy.
It certainly proved positive. The news isn't about the fact it's more about the spin. The scary thing was that Fox had a call up poll on who won the debate.
The result was 89% or 80 something percent. I can't read it for McCain and 12% for Obama. I am for Obama, but I can't even say Obama won. But certainly McCain didn't say anything either. It was boring. Frank was very boring.
One more thing. What the hell is wrong with Sean Hannity doesn't even bother to research facts. He so held that on disparaging Obama. He continues to insist that Obama voted to raise taxes of million times and already been researched. There's another ambulance. Oh, you hear those and another one.
Whoa. Something bad is going on. Not one of them. And many of these votes were just repeat for it. Just then he said on this bill. He was talking about how you wouldn't sit on the board with a guy who bombed the Pentagon.
Basically, insisting that bill is actually bombed the Pentagon. When was this not to mention that when Bill Harris was talking like a terrorist, Obama was eight years old. That's correct. Frank. He was eight years old when he was
consulting with terrorists, paling around with terrorists. Anyone who pays any credence to anything, Sean Hannity has to say is complete total, total,
Oh, I guarantee he drops plenty of stool next to Joe Bell's chair. If I were you, I'd go drop some stool on his chair right now. A big, steamy pile. The loud mouth and loose lip pale and I was an apology to Obama over this one, Margot Howard writes.
He has a column on Yahoo. And she went into the family business. Her mother was and landers in the 90s as dear prudence. How do you like that? You heard her? I've heard of patients and prudence tonight. You belong to me on Liberty Records. Do we play that not that long ago? I think we did that tonight. You belong to me. Patients and prudence. That was a label ahead some silly stuff like we would stock your David.
I do that. What? I'm scratching with some. I came. I really thought I was done talking about Sarah Paley and Margot says, but life is what happens when you're making other plans. I wish there were a word that was across between a Paul and nauseated because that's what the ladies latest outburst has me feeling.
Saturday evening, Drudge picked up a Breitbart story where the headline was, palences Obama palen around with terrorists. As if this weren't bad enough, she went on to tell whatever group she was addressing. This isn't the man who sees America as UC American, as I see America. Well, I'll tell you what I see. A loud mouth loose lip nobody, whose drunk on media attention and a court low in the judgment department. I think both she and her agent Maverick buddy, oh, Mr. Obama apology for this one. To live on the same street and who have served on a board with Billy Ears, partly whether underground when Obama was in grade school and who is now a pro.
Professor is not my idea of paling around with. I think this hockey mom at Muskin or fits perfectly into the class where she's helping perpetuate, even though she has no class. It would have been far more factual validity for Obama or a surrogate to publicize the fact that track the kid who joined the army did so because the judge told him it was that or jail due to his dealing drugs. I have a strong hunch. However, the Obama people would never get into that up until not ladies annoyed me because of her ignorance and arrogance, but now I'm furious, especially when her headline making remark from yesterday was that Obama was not fit to be
a commander in chief. I think the McCain people better lock the lady up and tell her to zip it because she isn't even fit to Ed Lib says Margo you go Margo. She's the pitful she's the barracuda the attack dog. She's the one that's out there making up crap. It's viewing it because she has no she has no scruples whatsoever. She'll say anything. That's her task. Track.
I wonder how that little baby is doing. I think the baby is doing well bouncing markets down 140 points. Unemployment rate hit 6.1% in September. Oh boy. All bad news, man. Bad bad news. Oh, I got that. Doug Thompson. Call them the pain of being McCain. That's come.
The biggest name. The biggest name. The best talent. You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM. I am a for the other day. Where are you? It'd be the 12 to 1 hour on WQ a.m. Well, I've never thought I'd find the gun no ride that I think
the round is today. The right. It's a classic set of wheels fixed up the way a brother would like it. Now we've been beaten in China and the dream is cold and it dies to the mercy. I've got some kind of liquid. Jerry.
Oh, baby. Oh, baby.
Oh, baby.
China. Little, little, little, little, little. She. Princess.
Now. So I've bounced down the road in a big, dead, super bowing. Now in the office. Don't think he knows a day of getting around the beach in the breaks.
I'm 1979. My own boat, Catalina. She's your looking part. Now he's my baby, Cadillac.
Oh, baby.
Call them the cradon of Jerry and be beaten in the dark, baby.
Chinese, they will live in the space of this.
Yo.
I've got my windows down. Now, now, I've so heard it because they hazy don't want to play.
This way the freshman lawsuit starts to smell and gets the dusty look at over time.
From a vaccine you find a shiny granite smell like lime, thanks my coffee, giant it too, because I've been washing it with all the road.
Oh, baby.
Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Oh, baby.
First for Lauren. You'll be back to be baby.
Stop, baby.
Hello to a 560 WQ I am. It's a Wednesday in the big city.
Chris and four Lauderdale says I'm so tired of John McKin acting like this general portrays character is the second coming of Sun Sioux.
Who that was Sun Sioux?
Ancient Chinese guy.
Ancient Chinese secret wrote the art of war.
No, McCain never misses an opportunity to go over the surge like it was the most brilliant military strategy of all time.
Really? When an occupation with other sovereign nations is going poorly, isn't it really a stroke of genius to send another 20,000 troops and spend another half trillion dollars?
Prozac Ron could have come up with that solution.
Question, the war is going poorly general. What do we do? Answer, hmm, let's send over a Schmidt load more troops.
I guess I can and additionally there's no war. It is not a war. It was an invasion and now it's an occupation.
There has not been any war in Iraq.
The last war in Iraq was with Iran as fast as I can. That's why we stuck a Sodom in there in the first place. Right.
Our good buddy. He was he was the buffer.
And now he's the dead buffer.
I guess I can sleep better at night knowing our military has got such innovative leaders who obviously understand the difference between the strategy and the tactics.
Chris and for a lot of the who sounds a little bit miffed. You know like Miff America.
The Dow is down 137. Just relax. It's just NASDAQs down only 14.41.
What's not there's the egghead he's going to solve it for us. Ali Feltching.
Right now look the smartest minds on the planet are working on this thing down 154.
Arrow after arrow after arrow out of the quiver. Yeah. And I don't know where we're going.
Well it's asking a lot of everybody involved in this. I mean we've given I think the nation's got itself an economics course in the last three weeks.
We wouldn't have expected. And we're digging deep into our own memories and repertoire. Christine we we we we and Jerry are both.
We really have had to ask them because we're looking for some leadership. This is a confused market.
And that's what you're seeing in the Dow. You're seeing confusion.
Absolute confusion. Confucius.
Into a tiny secret. Did I just say that?
Yep. The old eyes in together.
Here's one from sunny. Something.
Neil I've never understood why Jews would vote Republican.
This whole Israel like David from for example self-hating bastard. Richard Pearl and Paul Wolfowitz all these other far bison.
Neocons.
Not to mention the one in the who's the one New York Times who writes the right wing obligatory column.
I can't think of his name. I heard it. Maybe he's not a Jew. I can't think of it.
Not Bill Crystal. Oh don't tell me how to tell. Who Cal something with about haircut. Cal. Yeah.
You know as much as I love Oberman you know.
Before we this thing about the Jews.
As much as I love Keith Oberman he's got big pair of balls and he's the one guy on TV who tells it like it is and isn't afraid.
He doesn't pull back any punches. But the format of that show and I'm sure he's got a lot to do with it is just.
The the whole approach to what he's got that thin faced guy from Newsweek.
I can't think of his name with the glasses with the looks like a professor a geek professor.
And he brings him on and he's got and then these guests are all the same people around and then Howard Feynman who I like Howard Feynman.
Okay. He reminds me of Howard Kleinberg.
But they all say thanks Keith. Thanks Keith.
And they come on and Keith will pontificate and say something and then he puts the words in her mouth and they agree with it.
You know what I mean? Well what's even the point of having them there other to say yes you're right and then he is right.
But what's the point? God same tired talking heads. Oh and then of course he and then with their panel with their panel of 800 experts.
They've got big fat bill bent it there and then they've got all these other 10 the glory.
What's her name? The one that used to be on CBS.
Gloria Borgher who you know who that is you'd recognize her.
It's just I don't understand what who programs these shows.
Same faces and in predictably in order to that's another thing.
They're all on in the same order every night.
The guy with a glove the guy with a thin face and a glass is he's on first for like two minutes.
And he's like I wouldn't say non-committal but he's very low key and a very well I wouldn't go that far but.
I just don't get it anyway Neil I've never understood why Jews have brought Republican this whole Israel first mentality is nauseating.
You better talk to Jew Lieberman mister. He'll straighten your ass out.
I'm a Jew and I certainly don't want to blow off the map it says but I think any president Republican or Democrat would protect Israel.
I care about my country the US first before I care about Israel.
Don't those idiots realize the only reason to religious right to send into Israel.
So when would is because they're waiting for Jesus to come back and hold a parade in Haifa?
They don't care about Jews all of these lunatic members of the tribe are talking my head off telling me Obama's a Muslim and I should vote for him or came because he's good for Israel plus Palin's ministers up there blaming the Jewish bankers for the economy should I just ignore that.
Maybe he's going to do an exercise and we give it all the witches all the Jewish witches.
God Israel firsters like Jew Lieberman he is I'm telling you he's the Antichrist.
Makes sense they should they should examine his ball spot on live TV his ball spot his ball spot.
Oh, we'll see that right near his back don't find that.
In fact he kind of reminds me a little of Joseph Gekki they both qualify his penis face.
Ron says don't count your votes yet Neil don't forget that he is still black and the polls could be skewed because people don't want to move into the polls to his that their brigets.
You think Bush could pull some crap in a couple of weeks to get the attention off the economy on killing etc.
Yeah, I'm killing. He's killing us I'll tell you that.
Hey listen I wouldn't put anything past these bastards because they will do whatever it takes to keep the reins of power because they're stealing the world blind as we sit back and watch.
They are raping the world not just Bush and his Saudi friends but all these other Neal cons hook up the big long to the oil and a rack baby.
That's what it was all about in the first place.
Maybe they could take over the poppy fields in Afghanistan.
And we could send Iliana over there so you could do all the all the promotional spots I poppy.
Can you see it now I can smell it the poppy's yeah I can smell Iliana from a million miles away don't smell good either.
Oh talk about the girl with stank press I think we can play that I think so.
Which one is it I think it's the girl the girl girl ain't cutting you better get with your cuts cold once I have a girl she was a beautiful girl but she had that stank breath.
Her breath was so bad one time she put a tick tag in her mouth and it jumped right back out and said no this job is too big for me.
Shut your mouth your stank breath is in my face.
Oh baby your breath so bad it's thinking of the whole darn place.
One little dolly won't you shut your mouth I just can't take no more a few more lifts of your stank breath.
I'll be passed out on the floor.
Oh that's it that was a Bob and Tom bid back in the days when they were funny.
Remember those days I do.
I do.
I remember when we were funny too and I remember when we played to play funny things like that.
That's right.
Well that wasn't that funny but it was it was okay.
No.
If it was that funny we wouldn't have been allowed to play it.
That's that's the barometer okay that's what Joyce tells us if it's really funny don't you dare play it.
If somebody might get like a little chuckle out of it don't you play it.
654 votes on a poll.
Richard Wolf somebody thank you somebody emailed me and see the one thing about the emails actually be spawned away.
I want to ask a question like that on the year.
Remember yesterday Chris people were like emailing in stuff crap occasionally.
I think I got the chills I think maybe you got the flu maybe got the money to croak this week.
What?
Don't do that.
Don't do what?
You got like five more years so and three months.
What's the date today the eighth wouldn't be surprised if my paycheck shows up there today.
Oh hallelujah.
Oh happy day.
I could go to Woodbine and lose half of it today but I won't.
Richard Wolf that's the guy now you know which one it is.
No.
With the funny little goofy glasses like the granny glasses.
No.
And the skinny face.
It doesn't really say much of anything.
From Newsweek and from MSNBC.
You know Oberman you're great but you know enough with these same talking heads all.
First he did that with Rachel Maddow.
Maddow whatever her name is that type.
And she was on constantly just incessantly and all of a sudden she's got her own show.
And that's because they don't have anything to put on the air on that damn network.
That's the problem they got Oberman on six times a night which is great.
That's fine.
Somebody might actually see it.
But oh these talking heads.
It's like it's like it is to politics while what jerk jerks we just to sports.
He's got absolutely no insight nothing to say.
I saw him one time on ESPN on a pregame thing where they have the panel sitting around.
That's a new deal now.
Everybody in the world is on a panel.
How come you guys are on a panel yet?
I'm on several panels.
Oh yeah?
Yeah.
A aluminum panel.
Oh there's Sarah.
There's Sarah.
Yeah.
He hasn't done it before.
Sarah Palin is playing the traditional role of the vice president which is to get a little down.
Patch it a little down a little bit dirty.
My god talking about slapping with the pork.
God.
The best talent.
He's slapping.
4.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
I'm in the same team.
You ride 60 QAM.
The sports leader.
The old guy.
There's lady in town.
She's another dog's due boy.
And she needs to buy bread that is unlethavan.
You're fair.
Mmm.
Mmm.
And she's buying bread if seven.
He let her.
And the bread is one day.
And the bread is one day.
And the bread is one day.
And the bread is really one day.
I wonder.
Don't forget it's young Kipper with sundown and I told you dear Edy are going to burn in hell.
No.
No.
No.
Well if you ask like a 20 Jews, 20 different people who are Jewish, the questions about like heaven and hell.
Oh, the Jews don't believe in heaven and hell or the Jews don't believe in hell or we don't practice these, you know, or we're hungry.
Whatever.
And then of course there's the real far bison.
Right.
The real like Jew Lieberman.
The happiest day that that's my goal in life is to outlive the greatest moment will be to come in here one morning to sit down and to go.
You know, start looking at my different websites.
And the headline says Jew Lieberman croaks and I will go.
Yes.
See, I can barely even talk but I managed to squeak that one out.
I'm right.
It's one of these deals with the cold and I'm sure everybody has experienced this where you're like.
You're right on the verge.
You know, it's like it's like an orgasm.
You know, you're like either on one side of it or the other.
You know what I mean?
Yes.
And of course once you get to a certain point, there's no holding back.
It's the same principle.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
That moment of clarity.
No, I'm not talking about the orgasm.
I mean, you would obviously.
I'm talking about the cold.
Right.
And the moment when it turns into like real full blown, if I can say that, I guess I shouldn't have said full blown in some context.
Well, who on Tuesdays presidential debate, that's our poll.
Everybody say and you'll be really amazed not just like we're not amazed at the result with our audience
because we know that we got a bunch of commie pinko liberal people with a brain.
Some of them.
I'm your friend.
Like that.
Just like the McCain.
Friends.
Well, friends.
And the IOD poll on this.
They asked, who do you think is going to win the election?
And it's like 67% McCain and 29% Obama.
And the other 4% say the Jimmy Cifalist blows.
Which is not news to me.
Who on Tuesdays presidential debate, Obama 429, 65% of the 660 vote.
What are we looking for 800?
I don't think you're going to do it, Mr.
We're going to kind of a weak start because Eric, well, adds my fault.
Because as the debate was almost over, I factored to Eric.
You know, and I don't know what to end.
And by the time I went to bed, which wasn't that much later because I'm sick as a dog,
the new poll wasn't up there to put on yet.
And when I came in here this morning, it was up and there were 147 votes on it.
See what I mean?
So Eric was, you know, he was asleep at the swish.
Not that I'm not going to Eric.
Eric is great.
We love you, Eric.
Don't start getting sensitive.
Whoa, like that again.
We hate what you do.
Whoa, George hates that.
That's why George doesn't talk to Eric very often because Eric, you know, he likes Eric,
but Eric, he now has a very sensitive uptight, just like chicken neck.
I'm starving.
How's he doing, chicken, ex?
He's still starving?
I don't know.
I've got to send that chat.
It was a rhetorical question.
I know you don't want to talk about that.
Right.
And I'm sure he's got a lot of company.
Just misery loves company.
So the fact that you're starving, you shouldn't feel bad about it because a lot of other people are starving too.
And since it's your own Kipper at Sundown, what a blessing.
What a shonda, huh?
What a mahaya at Sundown tonight.
We're not supposed to eat until Sundown tomorrow.
176 down on the Dow.
Where's Candy Cowley lately?
I haven't been seeing her.
You know, Candy Cowley I like her actually to be honest with you.
And there are damn few people on CNN that I like, but she's one of them.
And Susan Candy, I have our close personal friend.
Anybody else?
End of Jack Cafferty.
I'll tell you, he's been pretty good during all of this crap that's been going on.
He ripped Sarah Pail in a major, you fat ugly smelly ass.
I like more than one crusty cramajon.
That's right.
He's the crusty old cramajon.
He almost smelled it in his underwear.
The crust.
Don't forget the crust.
Anyway, Obama 429, 65%, didn't watch 100.
15% didn't watch.
And then, you know what, he didn't miss much.
It was very boring.
The first one was boring and this one was very boring.
The format sucked.
And Tom Volkaw, you know something the most entertaining part of the whole debate I thought was at the end.
When it came out to like, you know, I don't think they ever did shake hands at the end, did they?
I didn't see it.
I don't think so.
I think they did.
No.
I don't know.
No, because McCain came over with his wife and Obama reached out his hand thinking McCain was going to extend his and his hand too.
And the wife shook his hand, Cindy.
Well, not rather shake her hand, not that she's all greater.
Oh, come on.
Are you going to tell me she's an old bag with a lot of money?
Yeah.
You wouldn't touch her with Chris's note.
Oh, she gave me some of that money.
Yeah, you would.
Close my eyes and think of England.
I'd take some.
A draw of 58.
McCain 38, 5.7%, don't care.
35.
So Obama 65% McCain 5.7%.
I mean, you'd have to be insane to think McCain won the debate.
And you'd also have to be insane to listen to WIOD.
And you'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
You'd have to be insane to think about it.
No speaking English.
Well, think about this place.
It's a funny place.
You know what I mean?
It's fun.
Okay.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
I suppose the South Florida which is there.
He's been sending me two or three of these short little days.
I guess this go must be homesick too or something.
He's sending me comedy and so weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Weak.
Go take care of some runaway dog or something.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
I mean, Norma takes care of the other runaways.
People who work for Newsweek in the Washington Post
and they're all the same talking heads as you said.
That's right, Bill.
I love the show.
I don't love the good.
I like Howard Feynman just fine.
Man.
He's good.
He actually says something once in a while.
But it's always the same thing.
And then Obermann always goes to them.
Good evening to you, sir.
And there's a long pause and then high Keith.
You know, like that.
Long awkward pause because the audio is waiting to catch up.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
I'm not knocking the show.
I know it's a great show and nothing is perfect.
But boy, though, is guests.
Ugh.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
No jerks, jerks, you know what I mean?
Sport radio 5.
60 QAM.
I think.
Fourth leader.
Grab my junior, honey.
The sports leader.
Sounds illiterate to me.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to a dumb at people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation
and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled
to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea.
The nooks there, Togananda.
Right, Queen is drilling it over
and over into our heads.
Ooh.
Ade rack has sunk.
Empress of master's direction.
You give you give you give you give you give you give you give you give you give you give you
That was down to 17, it's down, it's down
3,000 people killed, are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be caught in, going after sent down to
Plankato Sama, there's no longer mention of the name in Lawton
But no one seems concerned all, comfy and complacent
Believe in every word of this cartel administration
That controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right
Wing is drilling it over and over and over to our heads
Oh, that Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
I'm dying, I'm dying on the hands
Oh, the loss of civil rights is the rise that we're paying
We're all suspects now, not the ash croft is saying
I have nothing to hide, table talkers all are saying
Blind obedient cattle don't have any reservations
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regimes must fall in halibut and install
With no objection at all
Then the crap don't have the false hand of right
Wing is drilling it over and over and over to our parade wash heads
Oh, Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction
Only I've racked some weapons of mass destruction
I'm dying, I'm dying on the hands
About 33 a few I am
Here's an email from yesterday
Hey Uncle Neil, I love watching Maddo
And thinking five hours ago her face was where mine wants to be
Signed Joe Bell
Yeah, I like that that sounds like something almost pornographic to me
Almost almost
I'm thinking of the beast in Joe Bell engaged in some kind of carnal act
Why would you be thinking about that?
I don't know, God, why not?
Because it's a grotesque, right exactly
Maybe it'll chase the evil spirits out of my throat and get my cold over with
Actually, I sound pretty good today
Do I?
You do?
I don't, better than you did this morning your voice is like all warmed up now
Relatively speaking
Yeah, I got that warmer on my throat
Good
Stasis is I have a little something that ed your show
It's downright scary there are people in this country who still think McCain would make a good president
But then again, they have a bimbo on the view defending the so-called conservative agenda
America be afraid, be very afraid of these people who want to take away our rights and fill our heads with them
Proper Uganda, which is what that bit is about
Weapons of ass destruction, my ass
Got a whole bunch of stuff here when you come right down to it
Oh yeah
Russell says searching the airwaves over the weekend and heard Gilbert on a radio telling the host
He was moving to California
Oh, thank God
All right
He didn't say how soon but South Florida was getting a little, well beginning, just a little bit better
Maybe he can take the rest of the crazies with him
I hope he moves next to Arnold it says says Russell
Gilbert, Gilbert to California
Good
And I'm too soon
Well, I guess he's such a big star now after that CD we put on our
Website oh and speaking of the website
Something here
Where the hell was it?
About moving, where I'll find it
I got a pile you know
Oh here it is
Let me read the one that rips you first
Oh goody
Jim says new e-mailer here
Georgia's back and now the pole in the shore slowed down
Could be a coincidence but being
A good conspiracy theorist like you I tended out it
Big dogs and big trucks are another
Effectation of the jock neocon mentality
I think that the jocks nephers have brain damage from all that tough actin, tie actin
And then it says needle my queen god sign Jim
Hey Jim you fairy he doesn't like you I guess
The Georgia's back he's just giving you some crap that's all
He loves you
He wants to have your baby
Little baby
Oh I can't have this
Passing around it's a little baby Sarah popped it out a little bit she's popped out a lot of babies
The one baby so I have her own baby illigit and then of course the other baby he's going off to Iraq because it was easy to do
That to go to the slamer that that's the part of the story that they don't tell when they every time to talk about
The son going off to Iraq and how proud she is the Adi Adi Adi Adi
It was either that or go to jail go to the slamer you drug deal in the slime ball you trailer trash crap
Oh I will say this her future son-a-log looks a lot better in her son
What's his name?
Trip
No, trip trip tripped daddy
Trick
Oh that's not the one track that's the son-a-log the daddy of her daughter's baby
Oh the little baby
God I don't know the unborn baby so far the one they did not abort she made a choice
Bristol what's the boyfriend's name?
Chris is looking it up he's Zach Google in it really?
Is it Zach? I don't know
Watch back Zach
Maybe maybe track and sell some crack to Zach
I don't think it's that it's something like that it's with a Z
Zeeck oh Zeeck is a good right now he didn't you know anybody named Zeeck?
A new Zeeck?
Sure for a Zeeck you all of course but yeah
I remember Levi Johnson what is it? Levi that's it Levi
Yeah how good you for you guys coming and now there's a little baby
Happens all the time Jim says I'm one of the few that actually read some of your bedtime stories on the website
Thank God for you Jim because it's pretty embarrassing
There's some damn good stuff on there if I say so myself
And it's a cold day in purgatory when we get over 300 people reading the even the most red stories
It's pretty sad
I do have one complaint though Jim says
It really makes me able to have to scroll past all the pictures of the bush and pale and please need a light
Beg of you put them under the stories or move the stories to their own page
Oh we don't want to do that I don't know but as far as the website's concerned
Jim reminded me since I'm forgetful and old and senile
He reminded me of a little something something remember um what was the guy's name
That was gonna fix this up the website because it was so bad
Oh I forgot Rick uh Rick uh something
Richard Romer I think something like that
And Richard never sent me nothing that was weeks ago that was uh seven weeks ago
Sookas by the way Sookas is coming up pretty soon
See one thing about us Jim's we'd like to lump the holidays together to keep everybody uh uh uh
Keep everybody off the track
Away from the track off balance
Anyway we got uh Russia show and we just had new year and now you I'm kippered and I have the sundown
And we got Sookas coming for I don't know how many days is Sookas like uh a week something like that 10 days
Ask Gary Sarner he'll tell you he'll come in and make your kosher George
He'll come in and slip oh no
He'll give you a little snippet oh yeah
Don't cut it oh yeah that's Gary Sarner man Mr. Kosher is he still there yeah he's got to have naked pictures with leather
He's got to have Gary Sarner when's the last time he sold anything on his show
I don't know he's got to tell us
When's the last time anybody sold anything on his show besides muff
That's a good question
How's that Andy kid coming at retard in so
Oh just don't uh yeah don't even go there please girlfriend
Don't even go there
713 on the poll they're coming in and Chuck's now I believe we're being freaked
Oh boy jeepers creepers here come the creepers
Who won last night's presidential debate?
As leaders of major financial institutions and representatives from nations around the world gather in Washington soon
But we are facing
We are facing a serious challenge in the end
We're facing a serious challenge what's going on up there
Don't worry hey, hold on a second
No I guess some protesters great what timing
No no no no
We're okay we're okay
You're okay
You know, we, uh, it has been one of the great things about this election is democracy.
Everybody's got an opinion.
And that is outstanding.
That's what we're supposed to be doing during election side.
Now, we're probably to some clansmen away there.
You know, it's Indiana 713 votes on the poll.
Now, let's see how it's attorney Obama 64 and a half percent 460 vote and McCain 45
6.3 percent.
See how McCain had a little uptick.
Head a little tick.
Oh, that's why he kept storming around the stage.
So nobody would see it.
The biggest name.
The best towel.
The little.
The biggest nail Rogers.
Fortnight, you'll 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest nail.
The best towel.
The biggest nail.
The biggest nail.
More Landu Alzergari.
Mornings 5 to 7.
Sports Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Just tell me what your problem is.
You're free.
And freedom is beautiful.
And, you know, it'll take time to restore chaos.
But we will.
So to stick inside our house.
Such a kick goes my school's hours.
So what's all that I'm all on for?
That was down to a weight.
Not so great.
All that I've come through today.
They're really easy to feel.
I'm all so afraid.
All the other things that is that bad of all.
Let's get to my first towel.
Freedom is power.
Freedom is power.
Freedom is power.
Let's get to my first towel.
Freedom is power.
Let's get to my first towel.
Freedom is power.
Let's get to my first towel.
Freedom is power.
Freedom is power.
Club 46 at QAM.
The brilliant Mitch Lewis there.
He of a former ponytail famed.
He wants to pound his time out of a ponytail?
He sure did.
Not anymore though.
Nope.
These guys, it's like Samson and Reverse.
They cut off their ponytail.
And then they really bootch up.
Jeff Cohen and Mitch Lewis.
All these Jewish guys.
They cut off the ponytail for young Kipper.
Maybe they'll have it for a snack later on.
728 on Fat Chris's poll.
We're going for 800 today.
That would be good.
Considering.
Although quite frankly, if you know back in the day,
we'd have had 45,000 on this poll.
You know, if we still had the old audience before Joe Bell came to town.
Thinking that we're commiserating Saturday night about what happened right after Joe Bell came to town.
About how it was like the beginning of the end.
For QAM and our careers and lives as we once knew them.
But that's okay.
We'll survive.
We'll survive in Spuddy of Fat ass, jolly joe.
You jackass.
You.
You fairy.
Uncle Diel just tuned in.
So I apologize if I'm repeating anything.
Last night looked like McSane was going to fall over on the audience at any point.
He was lurking.
He was trolling around.
Never stood still.
Probably can't stand still or will fall down.
With the whole Russia issue with him,
he's another bush.
With any issue, he's another bush.
Anyways, love you, Neil, love you, George.
Joyce is still the anti-human Gregonimobile.
Obama, Yamama, says.
Saved the drama for Obama.
Each had the chance to make the case for change.
To talk about what we would do differently.
From the last eight years when it comes to lifting our middle class.
He had a great line in his speech.
I was listening during that stuff.
He said, he used to be in politics.
They would say, are you better off than you were four years ago?
He said, pretty soon, the way things are going.
They're going to be asking, are you better off than you were four weeks ago?
That's how they're going under the Neil Khan job, man.
A big rape of the world.
Bush and Cheney, it's Herbert Hoover all over again, man.
The chicken and every pot and two cars and every gay rise.
George says, he'll pass on the chicken.
He'll just take the...
The Raj pot.
Here's one from Phil.
Neil, funny you bring up Phil Henry today.
It says.
Are you sure?
Last night suffering from awful insomnia,
probably due to the state of the nation, I turned on my portable AM radio
and happened to bond the Phil Henry show.
It must have been three AM, I think.
Anyway, I was surprised to hear Phil actually defending Obama
from a caller who was a McCain supporter.
Luckily, Neil, I didn't hear too much.
I was sound asleep in minutes.
Thanks, Phil.
How do you like that, our close personal former friend, Phil Henry?
That turncoat.
Mm-hmm.
Who sold his soul to the company store?
He ain't no Tennessee or any for it.
How's Phil's TV show coming, by the way?
Oh, yeah, I won't see that no more.
Oh, really?
Ah!
That was back during the days when he was peddling himself
as this great, you know?
And he was very funny and I would do you as a great talent.
And then he just became a jerk.
The Dow was down to ten, two-oh-seven.
You make it a nice comeback.
Seven-thirty-two on the pole, all the numbers all the time for that.
You're mailing it in, Rajas.
You should be glad I'm mailing it in.
Would my throat like this?
I'm very glad.
Maybe I had strep throat, think?
Now strep throat's really painful, isn't it?
Yeah, it is.
It's like really hurts to swallow.
Oh, nice to meet you.
Not your problem.
Nope, I swallow just fine.
That's what I heard.
Leo says, I watched the debate last and I became
looked like a very old robot.
He must have said, my friends, over 50 times,
50 times, 5,000 times, my friends.
I'm your friend.
Also, he kept saying the point is,
it almost felt like I was listening to your show when he,
you're my friend guy calls in 50 times,
unless the not ready or show.
That's right, same guy.
Prozac Ron is John McCain.
Prozac John.
What's the point?
It says he needs oil like the tin man.
To keep raping the workers, the best workers I don't know about you,
but oh, I can't understand this.
But when someone uses my friend, I feel they're talking down to me
or being sarcastic.
God love him, but he's still in up case.
What a liar.
Can't believe the average bearer still thinks that he is for them.
After all, we're going through anyway.
Spelled strangely.
Goal, bomber, it says.
Keep it up in the fight for freedom too,
because we're sure losing our so-called freedoms.
Also sick Mrs. Palin's scare tactics.
It reminds me of Bush's scare tactics.
Last time I checked, we haven't been attacked since 9-11.
From under my bed, love.
I'll talk to you next month.
Don't want to be chronic.
Goodly, I'll get some English lessons, some spelling.
Get some spelling.
Sid says.
I listen to your show almost every day on the internet
when I get home from work.
I live just outside Charlotte, North Carolina.
I used to live in a high allea back in the 70s
and in Palm Beach Gardens.
Then Mo Howard David's pink-ass bokeh before I moved to the Bible belt.
Do you remember the video phone that Jeff,
aka Ponytail, had hooked up with the pizza loft?
That linked you to the station which I believe was WIOD back then?
The video phone?
That's right.
I was like, 10 minutes long.
What?
I said that was about 10 minutes of fun.
Is that how long it lasted?
Yeah.
I don't remember it.
Talking to my Colombian coworker to get you linked up at the station
which I believe was WIOD,
and he talked to you on the video phone.
You asked him, what do I have in my mouth?
He said, a cigar.
And you said, it looks like a cigar.
Oh, I can't say that now.
Anyways, that was like high tech for back then.
We got a good life out of it.
I saw a bumper sticker.
They would tear a pale ins picture on it.
It said, I can see Russia for my back porch.
It was great.
PS, shorties, barbecue and pizza loft are great.
Go there every time I come back to South Florida
and see my old friends and smell the clasmic bags
of the early bird patrons.
It's a sin.
Oh, it's in the bag.
Even with my cold, I could smell that.
Mm, the stench here.
Health insurance from the government.
Or happy with it.
Wouldn't trade it in for anybody.
But suddenly they say, no, no, you, the American people,
the folks who are paying our salaries,
who don't have health insurance,
or paying too much for health insurance,
that somehow you don't want government involvement.
So he's really fired up and pete off.
Nice going.
I like that when he gets a little animated, you know?
As opposed to yesterday with McCain,
of course McCain couldn't allow anybody
into a deep shirt, into a coma.
The debate was the bottom line for it was boring.
He was really, you know, and Tom Broca, I mean,
go, go, go.
How come they can't have somebody animated on there?
You know, like, all they could, but that's no fun.
Let's have some real fair job, like Keith Oberman.
Is that someone with a paralyzed lip?
A paralyzed?
Are you talking about McCain again?
739 on Fat Chris' pool.
He's pretty confident.
We're going to get $800.
Aren't you?
Very.
And if we get to $800, you can work Friday.
Oh, you're so kind.
Because we can't do it.
So he would like to do it.
He enjoys being on this show.
Yes.
He does.
He actually likes the show,
which don't tell anybody that or he'll be out of place.
Hey, he's on Thin Ice.
He's on the show.
He's on the SNP list.
You know, going to bat forest outside in the other office.
He's on the SNP list.
Right.
Yeah, he won't see him for long.
Doug Thompson, the Capitol Hill Blue.
This is short and sweet, like he usually is.
The old man took it, took on the new kid on the block for the second
of three presidential campaign debates Tuesday night,
and planned to expose the kid as a wild-eyed radical with dangerous ideas
that would destroy the USA.
He failed.
Barack Obama beat John McCain handily in a town hall format
that was supposed to be McCain's strength.
He won by keeping his cool and being well, boring,
and by contrast, exposed McCain is the hothead with dangerous ideas,
which was one of the few moments of truth to come out of the extended hyperbole
that passed his serious debate.
McCain didn't lose his school either, but he still came across as the bully
in the pulpit, the angry, bitter old man who can't stand his opponent
and can't conceal his contempt for the uppity black man from Chicago
who stands in his way on the road to the White House.
Like Swellery Clinton and the Democratic primaries,
McCain sees the presidency as something he deserves,
something that's a right, not a privilege.
He still can't grasp the reality that Obama and the American voters
wanted to deny him that self-procieved right.
A stupe viewer saw a desperate man on stage
to deny the struggling political candidate who keeps throwing hail-mary passes
that fell lifeless to the turf.
His gamble on Sarah Palin is sinking into the mirror of his and her own political mud,
his grandstanding toy on the economic bailout plan failed miserably.
So upset was he over his failed performance that he left the arena abruptly after the debate
while Obama lingued in talking shake hands.
McCain went into the debate knowing the end is near he left with that end in sight.
With nearly a month left in a rank-or-est political campaign
that's defied all the rules a game-changing event is still possible
to rescue the sinking McCain campaign,
but a long-time friend and Republican political consultant
may have summed it up in an email that arrived via Blackberry shortly after the debate.
It said, it's over, time to start thinking about 2012.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
People with new projects, sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's Scott Barrell.
When I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping old women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two.
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one to two hours.
You've heard of the four tops.
You've heard of the four seasons.
And of course you've heard of the fab four.
But now witness the newest sensation in musical groups.
The guys with a little something extra.
Yes, it's the four skins, live and uncut.
Yes, there's Peter on Congress.
Dick on Pongos.
Robert on the drum kit.
And Chubby on the Timbales.
The four members of the four skins.
These guys are nothing more than wrinkly skin bones.
But they are the master beaters of percussion.
This CD includes snippets of the four skins caught live at the zipper and helps my winner Germany.
Run out and grab a unit of the four skins.
Live and uncut.
Peel back the wrapper and slap it on.
It's the four skins, live and uncut.
Wow, well that was right along the edges.
You know what, right along the tiptoeing.
Yeah.
Better trim the hedges because that one was on the hedges.
Edges.
Benson and hedges.
What kind of people smoke Benson and hedges?
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know what people smoke anymore.
I'm talking about cigarettes, fags.
Parliament lights.
Okay.
Here's one from somebody.
It says, you ask about the same people on the cable shows.
I believe they get paid under the table when a producer doesn't look.
I agree they need new fresh people on these cable shows.
Amen.
Amen.
Oh, this is from Nancy and Delray Beach.
I enjoy your radio show.
What about the Embers restaurant, Miami Beach?
Happy New Year.
Good year for all, says Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Good year, Nancy.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down a cheek.
Down the cheek.
Down to an open back meal.
You're enjoying listening to you having a great time.
We're having a great time too.
I'd have much greater time if I didn't have this.
Oh, I don't know.
It's okay now.
I didn't have any tea either.
Because the tea bags I've got are about 100 years old.
And this is the little joke, joke of the day.
Remember, doing a good job at WQM is like wetting your pants
at a dark suit.
You get a warm feeling, but no one notices.
Should I read it again?
No.
Okay.
I should.
Doing a good job at WQM is like wetting your pants
in a dark suit.
You get a warm feeling, but nobody notices.
It's cute.
I think that's kind of cute.
I give it about a six and a half on a scale of ten.
What were those choices I had for sex partner?
Somebody who faxed in yesterday.
Remember those?
It was Matt Castle.
Come on, Chris.
Don't you remember that fan?
I remember that email.
Yeah, I know.
I didn't know.
I know.
You forget those males.
In fact, the Chris wanted us to ask request e-females instead of emails.
That's how I've taught he is about the whole deal.
Not a taught, I just don't care.
Well, why not?
Because I don't like guys.
Oh, look at this.
Somebody says, George smokes the baloney pony.
That's bad.
That's nonsense.
Yeah, they wish.
Wishful thinking by whoever that is.
757 under pull.
Obama's got 64.4% McCain.
6.2% of the rest of the people, you know, we don't want to.
We don't want to.
We should care, but we don't know we don't want to.
We've got to find pile of stuff here.
Oh, now anyway, you see, everybody's got a different take.
That would be a good pull someday.
What's your take?
Right?
Right.
That would just be the whole pull.
Huh?
Okay, so I was talking about the fact I did not see them.
I saw them obviously shake hands at the beginning of the debate.
When McCain went rushing off to the chair and started writing stuff with his magic marker.
But other than that, at the end, I didn't see it happen.
And, well, first, here's this email from KB.
They did shake hands at the end.
That's when Tom B told him to get out of the way so he could read the monitor behind him.
I didn't see that.
I saw the part where he, huh?
He said, get out of the way.
I saw that.
Yeah, I can't read my monitor.
You guys are in the way.
Get out of there.
Are you idiots?
But now I just found somebody sent this to me.
McCain ducks Obama's hand shake.
And it shows the video.
It shows the video clip.
Obama has got his hand out.
I saw that.
It was very noticeable.
Obviously, the shake hands with McCain.
And Cindy is there.
And instead Cindy reached over and she grabbed it.
And it's hand too.
And she said, boy, what they say about you?
Darkies is right.
She grabbed it.
And it says the headline on it is it says,
John McCain veered away from a handshake with Barack Obama after last night's presidential debate.
He's a bitter, sour, condescending old koot.
A redneck.
Real piece of crap.
Insane McCain.
All your people are in the McCain.
Turn over to Jimmy Cifilis, Mourning's, and Iodina.
You get all the right wing propaganda you can handle and then some.
What a disgrace.
Nice going there, Ken Charles.
All fascist radio.
I can't wait for the billboards to start going up for IOD with a swastikers on them.
In fact, they ought to dress up all the IOD people with like little, the hats, you know, the KKK hats.
They all be dressed up like that.
Now, and I hope that's it.
They blew out Le Mans.
They blew out Fuddy because they were both to the left of a till of a hunt.
And they both sucked on the air.
But that's beside the point.
It's not that whether you're good on the air or not or whether you belong on the air.
It's if you're far enough to the right of Hitler.
That's what it's all about.
And Pailin, by the way, she makes Hitler look like a Sunday school teacher.
The crap that she's spewing in the hate that just a hate-mongering bitch.
God.
Spewing it out.
And the crowd will kill him.
Kill him, you know, really good stuff that they're whipping up.
Oh yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Whipping up the great hate.
We will all need to pull our weight.
All of us will need to pull our weight.
All of us will have to redouble our sense of commitment.
We're going to have to regain our nerve.
Our vision has done only 81.
Because now more than ever.
74.
What this crisis has taught us is that at the end of the day, there's no real.
77.
The remaining street of Wall Street.
There's only the road we're traveling on together as Americans.
We will rise or fall on that journey as one nation and one people.
This country and the dream it represents are being tested in a way that we haven't seen in the middle of a century.
The future generations will judge us by how we respond to this test.
Will they say that this was the time when America lost its weight, when it lost its purpose?
When we allowed our petty differences, our broken politics to plunge this country into a dark and painful recession?
Or will they say this was another one of those moments when America overtained?
When we battled back from adversity, when we recognized the common stake we have in each other's success,
this is one of those moments in Indiana.
I realize, you're cynical.
I realize some of you are fed up with politics.
I realize you're disappointed and even angry with your leaders.
And you have every right to be.
But despite all of this, I ask of you what's been asked of the American people in times of trial and turmoil.
I ask you to believe.
Believe in yourselves.
Believe in each other.
Believe in the future we can build together.
Because together we cannot fail.
Look at this crowd here today.
Black, white, Hispanic, Asian, Native American, young, old, rich, poor.
We cannot fail. Not now.
Now when we have a crisis to solve, now when we have an economy to save,
now when there are so many Americans without jobs and without homes,
now when there are families who can't afford to see a doctor.
Now that that was down to only 56 points, the CEO Obama speaks and people, their confidence is restored.
And they call up their broker and they say, buy, buy, buy, buy.
You know what they say? When they call up their broker.
Buy, buy, buy!
Down to only 44 now.
I wouldn't be surprised by the time he finishes this speech in Indiana that it's in positive territory.
You think they're just a coincidence? No way.
Call up your bookie. Go to the phone as Brent Mausberger once said.
Rush to call and get on the phone.
He supports people, man.
Such a bunch of hypocrites, such a bunch of phonies.
Phony Baloney.
Remember when we first came to this station and all these people, even Doug Donney B had a bookie.
Remember that?
Oh, he was a nasty, surly kid.
Wasn't the kid, he was like, what was he about, 88?
He was part of that whole gambling fraternity.
Hank had the whole bullpen full of chronic gambors.
And what was the kid, Jason Jerkball? What was his name?
Bloss ball.
Bloss ball.
And he's the one that gave me that movie that I still haven't watched.
What is it, the prison movie?
Charshank Redemption.
Charshank Redemption.
Oh, do you watch Charshank yet? No.
I watch that at the same time that I watch the one about the Jews.
Shibos list.
Shin Liz list.
End of Mycene Man.
In fact, you know what?
There's a much better chance I'm going to watch of Mycene Man than I'm going to watch either of those other two.
Well, you ought to watch a good movie.
Now it's down to only 27.
There's a place called America.
Lizard.
Well, let's go there.
Lorian Baltimore says I have the Fox News pool when they asked him one last night to bait on a browser window.
Right now, the score is Obama's 60% McCain 40%.
Even on Fox fake news, as Keith Olberman calls it, fix news.
It might be free, though.
I've voted for Obama three times already.
She says that's okay.
If it's good enough for the right wingers, let the rest of the people free.
When it out, get the old freak out.
Catherine says, yes, old T-bags are really disgusting.
Love you.
43 feet.
43 year old female listening for 20 years.
How do you like that?
All right.
That a 43 year old lady.
And as Joe Rose would say, how are you doing with the ladies?
Who was he talking about in regard to that summer?
Some old goat.
And he was saying, how are you doing with the ladies?
And I thought to myself, I don't know when.
He was talking about that yesterday when it was first March 10.
Oh, yeah.
Jacques Martin.
Is that who he was talking about?
I think so.
Oh, my God.
How are you doing with the frogettes?
God.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Your project.
40,000.
40,000.
60,000.
A Nick.
Fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
That was up 1.
4710.
Sports radio, 560,000.
A-M.
The sports leader.
Down 8 points now.
Sports bag radio, WQA.
Down 13 points now.
That's so ****.
And up on the alphabet, Gimelnetwork.
It's the end of the year, spectacular.
Everyone's stressing about.
Deic Clarks.
He brewed New Year's rock and eaves.
They could buy it at 5768 and help blow the show far off of 5769 with a cast of Jewish stars.
Featuring the Borscht Belt comedy-stylings of Jerry Seinfeld.
What is the deal with Rosha Shana?
What's the rush?
I don't know who's this chick.
Rosha Shana.
Sarah Silverme.
What?
Amy Winehouse is in July?
Someone should tell her fate.
Look at my ****.
The Beastie Boy.
The Rassha Shana.
The Rassha Shana.
Plus David Swimmer, Lenny Kravitz, Andy Sandberg, Winona Ryder, and Adam Sandler.
Not a Jewish rich kid here.
It's the Jewish New Year.
Dick Clarks Hebrew New Year's rock and eaves.
It's gonna blow your took us off.
What are you going to watch something else?
About down 20 points.
Well 20's not bad, huh?
And they got Ali Feltching on it to reassure everybody that he's a real serial queen.
Worth paying attention and...
Oh my God.
Get her off my screen.
I'm going over to MSNBC.
Maybe they got Richard Wolfhunter again with those funky little glasses.
Now they got some other Bill Burton, the Obama campaign spokesman.
The way to stir up feelings about Senator Obama that maybe are negative, but ultimately have nothing
to do with the challenges that are facing the American people.
