I'm sure you're ready, I'm ready, I'm ready!
I'm sure you're gonna see it.
Touchy feeling.
What's wrong with SJ Touchy feeling, besides you sound like a 10 year old fan.
It's the information at WQAM, Baby Broadcast Group Inc.
The biggest name!
Even Crystal like what was I talking about, Brady.
Uh huh?
I am an idol.
And me too.
Oh.
Hey, I'm an pastor.
Sports radio, 560 WQAM.
Oh, I am a Lord Lutterdale.
So how about those patriots?
I'm ready to play this worst game of the season, man.
They still kick ass.
They are coasted in, no sweat.
My-
Oh, yeah.
Give a win.
Uh huh.
D-A-Y.
As you see, K-S-O.
Oh.
Anybody here?
Zinja came from home.
Here is our income suit and for Dora.
He's through a lot of people, but he sometimes get down.
I got it for writing, he'll come.
Anybody here?
Zinja crashed in dust.
He'll be more around their time.
He's not convicted yet, but should be for his darn heart.
Taking a shower with his son.
All right.
Avers and rises, what the White House is playing for.
Or unless Christian to know what's best.
Or you and me, they grew up all right.
He was in some league, in other words, do he have anybody here?
Please say you time to lay me.
For the stillful, Pogzo hoi.
Let them.
These kind of slum I've been long, it can't pay why.
Averum of doubt and tongue.
Well, 10-03 at 5-60, WDQ, what are we doing working on a holiday, huh?
Well, someone has to.
I don't get it.
What we were given the choice, at least I was.
Were you given a choice?
No, I was told George said I'm going to take him on the office.
I told George he could have off today.
One of us is going to work on one of us having to.
Why do you have to, George?
I need some days off soon anyway.
Maybe.
Hopefully, but you never know.
How about those patriots?
They played a pretty marginal at best.
They played a three-pix.
That's not good.
It's not a two-spore-sintensive, but nevertheless, three-pix.
Not one of his better games to say the best.
And they still cruise down in there at the ass end, you know.
I'm sure you would have covered him.
Now, see what, you're getting like little dog there.
Why does everybody have to bring this into just Tom Brady's name gets mentioned right away.
What does he look like?
It's a sexual thing.
My favorite athletes of all time were some of the ugliest guys who ever played Hank Bauer in baseball.
Johnny Bauer and Hockey, Papa Bauer and so-poppers.
Ugly, old.
So you wouldn't have covered him?
Well, I would comfort my ass.
Okay, what would comfort him?
You're such a schmuck, you know.
But we got Chris here today.
We don't have George Curtis because he's shyness.
He's shyness.
Shine on harvest moon, baby.
And so, as a result, we got the...
Well, let's see, Curtis this afternoon because you know Dan Wellen Martin Luther Kingday that Jackson's going to be working no way Jose.
So we got Curtis from 2 to 4.
Mad Dog 4 to 7 who continues to disrespect just like I am.
All right.
The holidays.
Well, he's got to work what?
20 days a year and this is one of them.
Then we got Dolphins All-Assass with the John Linder and Trey Drey in 79 and the Beast Knight in midnight.
The Beast last night, I do believe, because the DA show starts tomorrow night.
The Ducks' ass.
Is this the attorney?
The DA Ducks' ass.
No, it's...
I don't even know what his name is.
Damon Amendelara?
Damon Amendelara from Kansas City starts tomorrow night and night and midnight right here on QAM.
Then he won't be on on Wednesday because we got Hurricane Basketball crap, but he's on after the game.
But in the evening, well, he starts tomorrow.
So this is the Beast last night tonight.
Right?
Yep.
Oh, and we found out that your favorite producer is leaving too.
Robert Gleeper.
Correct.
Is leaving?
Oh, we got a job in a...
Oh! He what?
He got a job in Arizona or something like that with the IRS.
R-I-R-S.
Oh!
With the IRS.
Oh, we all better watch now.
We're all going to get out of it now.
Robert Gleeper is working for the IRS.
But still...
Party.
Now, doesn't that come as a shock to you?
Did you believe he would ever leave?
Oh, actually, he's one of the people I thought would like, you know, be buried here.
Yeah.
He's been there for 100 years.
He knows where all the bodies are buried.
Well, a lot of people leave him.
A lot of people are taking big paid cuts.
All kinds of bizarre stuff going on.
But we don't want to get into that on a holiday.
That would be bad.
You try to start stuff again?
No.
Apparently, the adage, whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, doesn't apply to politics.
Somebody better tell Barack Obama, by the way, that Ronald Reagan was not a great president.
Was a racist bastard.
Was a piece of turd who tripled the national debt with his tax rate or a cost for the rich.
With that trickled-on bull crap.
And, you know, stop talking about Ronald Reagan and how the Republicans have all of good ideas.
Not a good idea for a rack.
But he believed in the flying saucers.
Tensions between the Obama and Clinton campaigns escalated this weekend when officials traded charges
about conduct on the ground during the Nevada caucuses Saturday.
No more caucuses, please.
Let the people vote.
Let's have primaries.
The whole concept of the caucuses is crap.
And once again, the media is totally misreading the whole concept of this thing with all the
culinary workers unions going to hand it to Obama.
Now he's got the endorsement.
And these caucuses on the strip, that's where he's going to win all the big wealth and half.
Aides for Barack Obama, who lost the first in a West contest,
and on say would ask the state Democratic Party to review reports that Clinton caucus organizers
had sought to block entry to certain sites a half hour before the official deadline
is outlined in the Clinton campaign caucus manual.
The Clinton campaign for our backer was considering its own legal options and response to a barrage of voter intimidation
complaints about Obama tactics.
Obama officials said they worked in testing Clinton's victory and were seeking the review
to prevent confusion in future caucuses.
Of course, she won the popular vote, but he won the delegates 13 to 12 alleged.
But Obama campaign lawyer Bob Bauer, no king to pop a bower or Hank Bauer or Johnny Bauer,
said the early closing times the period of had a clear cut, this enfranchising effect.
Clinton spokesman Howard Wilson said the Obama campaign was peddling false claims
and grasping its straws to explain its laws.
Overall, the Obama campaign did a feel that over 300 caucus-day complaints via a hotline set up for field staff
Wilson said Clinton workers also locked hundreds of complaints, but it'd be a bit of a moop bit of us.
Dirty, nasty campaign rotten, as rotten and dirty as it gets.
Even as dirty as the Republicans, which is saying a lot.
And the Obama campaign is released to recording of a phone call they claim went out to numerous people in Nevada
that the recording says Obama's rarely used middle name Hussein four times emphasizing it.
Barack Hussein Obama, and this is the way the call goes and was transferred from somebody's recording machine.
I'm calling with some important information about Barack Hussein Obama.
Barack Hussein Obama says he doesn't take money from Washington lobbyist or special interest groups,
but the record is clear that he does.
In fact, Barack Hussein Obama has taken millions of laws in federal lobbying firms, wall street and big world and pharmaceutical companies.
It's all there on the record the facts are clear.
You just can't take a chance on Barack Hussein Obama.
Not that they're all full of crap. That's the problem.
All full of crap. South Carolina, he better win big.
You know what I'm saying?
South Carolina. He better win big, big time.
And the reason John McCain won on Saturday is because people are starting to take a look.
And of course, well, oh, well, Romney won big in Nevada.
Yeah, he won because only he and Ron Paul were the only one that showed up there.
Nobody else campaigned there.
So Ron Paul came in second and the Romney just kicked ass there.
And you see the Mormon vote?
See, this election this year is not about anything to do with issues.
Even though we're going into a bad recession and oil is going to be four bucks a gallon
and Iraq and all the other stuff that's been going on and people losing their freedoms and losing their jobs
and illegal immigration and all of the issues, it's not about issues.
It's about race, gender and religion.
That's what this election is all about.
And with the Republicans, the question is,
who's the biggest hawk and who's the biggest religious fanatic?
Who's the greatest getchkey of them all?
And Mark Huckleberry, he can win a fixed race. Huckleberry, how?
Even in South Carolina.
Nothing to be fined and it'll lose in South Carolina.
So John McKinley's by default because it's the worst field of direct to come down the pike in a long time.
And John Edwards, what's he staying in there for?
He got 4% Nevada and he's got a tough it out, baby.
Don't you have to laugh at people like that? They don't get the message.
Hey, it's their money.
It's his money, you know, it's somebody else's money, I'm sure.
Well, even.
In Romney's case, it's his money, but I don't think John Edwards got that kind of money like a Mitt Romney.
But it's true, if people want to flush their money down the toilet with John Edwards,
he's got two chances, much less than none and Zippity Duda, none.
No chance.
It's 4% Nevada and remember they were saying the stories just before the weekend.
Oh, it looks like a toss of three-way race in Nevada, it's too close to call.
Well, it was close, but he wasn't part of the close.
Remember that? There was actually one pull that showed Edwards with a slight lead.
He gets 4%.
Caucus, my ass. This is the whole process, man.
Sucks. It's designed for chocainery, for crab, for sugar canery.
Well, I got a lot of stuff here. Where's that pull from the Friday?
What's your take on Barack Obama? And here's part of the big part of the problem.
Here's what the problem is. He's black.
Not real dark black, but two black for a lot of people.
1634 votes. What's your take on Barack Obama? He's okay. 548.
Our next president, 415. Unelectable, 299.
I love him 158. Two dark for me, 148.
And can't stand him 74. Two dark for me.
Don't you think that's a large part of what this is all about?
Yeah, of course. A lot of what? And she's winning huge in the white folks.
She's winning the huge in the black folks.
And of course, the brown votes, she got the majority of that.
She got like 64% of the Julios.
And guess what? When you get to California and Arizona and New Mexico,
when you get to that Southwest and you can't do better than that in the Julios,
you're not going to win. They're just aren't there.
I mean, there's a lot of dark folks in California. Don't get me wrong.
But there's a hell of a lot more white folks in Latinos than there are black folks.
So that's what there is to discuss. Not the issues on the Democratic side.
It's race and gender. The women are voting for her and jagged.
They're the old and age.
Under 45, big for Obama. Over 45.
We love Hillary. We love you.
It's that we don't understand his name. We know Clinton. Clinton.
Clinton. Yeah, that's it. It's all they know. Clinton.
Makes me sick. My stomach makes me want to vomit.
But yeah, a lot of puke can go on.
There's far as Florida is concerned. Do you think Obama's got any chance in Florida?
Probably not.
From it, it's after 10 to 5.60 W.M., it's a holiday.
Maybe we're still here. Grind it away for you. We're grinding it.
Hill. God.
And now Mr. Dan Gernstein, campaign advisor for the Joe Lieberman Presidential Campaign.
Yisgadal, Yisgadash, Shemehrabo.
Ve olemod, iberochiruse. Ve amnih malfuse.
Bagolovisman, koriv, vei meru, omei.
Oh boy.
10-17, you know, every time I see him, which thank, thankfully,
not too much for what I see him on TV, I really get sick to my stomach.
I get violently ill. I get dry heaves.
I want a puke for days and weeks and months. Jew Lieberman, man. He makes me nauseous.
Talk about a turncoat. Talk about a piece of turd, okay?
Take your tits as a wrap him around your neck and squeeze real tight.
You lunatic. You maniac. You Shemehgeggy.
Anyway, let's take a look at a poll this week. I mean, today.
This week, maybe we'll leave it up all week. What are you saying now?
It's not good.
Hey, it's a holiday, man. Georgian working today.
And what's his name? Jerk, he's not working.
Did he lose again the other day or what?
I remember that I'm not going to find out for you.
Yeah, they did. They lost their... I forget who they lost.
Do they lose every day?
At least they're consistent.
Of course, how the dolphins are doing.
Yeah, they're doing really good. They're scouting really well.
They're what? Scouting really well.
Oh, good.
How is the appar cells there so far?
And don't forget about what's his name? The new head coach.
What's his name?
Huh?
Sperr.
Uh-huh.
So, it's Tony, a friend.
Huh?
578 votes. I don't think you're going to make no thousand today.
It's a holiday. What do you expect? Plus, I don't know what time I put this up to.
Yesterday, middle of the afternoon, I guess. On a Sunday.
Never a good idea to put a new poll up on a Sunday.
I don't know why, because everybody's watching football.
I was.
I was nervous about that game until, you know, in the last few minutes,
and then they kind of coasted it on in, man.
Coasted it in.
Am I right? Was there any drama?
It wasn't one of those games like we've had in recent weeks for the Patriots trying to keep their own beat and speak alive.
In the last few minutes, they just coasted it on in. They kept control of the ball.
Asadhi Samuel made that nice intersection, and they like, uh, ran out the clock.
Nice going, Tommy Boy.
Now, I gotta say, um, I, uh, to the Sanchez and we make one or two intersections.
I don't remember. I remember the one that sealed the deal load and turned it into the game.
Yeah, I don't remember what it was. It was just because I was kind of going back and forth.
It was great.
But, um, I remember the intersection he made was made because I think,
Teddy Brusky, whatever his name is.
Brusky.
In a rig with the, uh, pillow bravers.
Oh, here we go again.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
That was all peaked.
The, uh, the chargers had their chances and they couldn't get touchdowns. They could only get filled in.
That's right. They were not going to beat the team.
It's going to get filled goals, man.
If you can't stick it in the end zone, you're not going to get in the many games.
But I saw that leg whip.
I was like, oh, I'm going to see if they let me.
Well, if L.T. would have played a little bit of different result.
Yeah.
You are the definitive dolphin, man. Cry, baby.
Just like all this crap about the 72 dolphins, they couldn't lick this team's ass, okay?
And they might like to believe me.
And that is correct.
They couldn't, they're not in the same league as this Patriot team.
But it's also a different time.
Errol Moral, my ass and Bob Greaseball and all these other, oh, and Larry Zuckett,
they ran like an old, like a grandma with her legs tied together.
And Jim Kick, give me a break.
Anyway, who's more electables are four question orders?
And my cockles very how?
I thought it was a pretty good indication that Huckabee would not roll out the possibility.
He gave a very kind speech towards John McCain.
Oh, yeah.
He wants to be the vice president.
They'll have McCain bumped off and then he can come in there with all his far-bison to go in
and turn it into a Christian country.
That's right.
You'll all be pledging allegiance to the Bible, the New Testament, the King James Version, whatever that means.
583 votes, who's more electable?
Barack Obama 198 Hillary Clinton 184, almost dead even.
Neither one, 145.
And I don't care 56.
That's appropriate.
That's a Q56.
I don't care 56.
What's this got to do with sports and ball games, baby?
Nothing.
And Eli Manning, oh my god, I don't get it.
I just don't get it.
He's playing really well.
He's playing well that now.
I don't understand.
And like I told you, maybe it's a fake deal.
He's playing well on the road.
If I had to see Archie Manning one more time, I don't want to see Archie Manning, he's 100 years old.
Well, you didn't have to see Pete at least.
What?
You didn't have to see Pete at least.
Yeah, thank God for that.
He didn't show up there.
He didn't want to jinx his brother.
And Brett Farve choked there at the end of the game.
Nice go on, Brett.
I can't stand him.
I told you that.
I mean, like you hate Tom Brady.
I can't stand-
I don't think Tom Brady-
Yes, you do.
You hate him like poison.
I would love to have Tom Brady as a dolphin.
Don't say that.
They'll come and lynch your ass.
You better watch it.
That's not from the Dolphin Playbook.
The Dolphin Playbook says you have to hate him like poison.
Tom Brady!
Yeah!
Just lucky.
If I have a hate form, it's because he's too good.
Looking.
I like care about that.
I do.
That's for you.
Well, I mean, it's just like a little bonus to him and they're okay.
A little good for a team.
I don't root for a team's based on how the players look.
I mean, what kind of crap is that?
He was playing for Michigan when I became a Patriots fan.
When I said this Dolphin's organization makes me sick.
They make me nauseous.
So you became a Patriots fan when Blitz was there?
That is correct.
Because there was Tom Brady with still a Michigan.
Nobody including him had any ID.
He'd ever play for the Patriots.
So all this crap about, oh, well Neil, he's just an old fag.
And he likes the Patriots because Tom Brady is hot.
Well, I mean, that, you know, doesn't hurt.
But that's got nothing to do with it.
That's an added what?
What?
That's an added what?
Bonus.
A what?
I didn't say an added bone.
I said an added bonus.
That's all you know from man.
Pervert.
What are you talking about?
Anyway, here's the a memo.
Now this one doesn't say not for broadcast or anything like that.
And of course, I don't want to say who passed this along to me.
Although I am a member of the staff still.
I guess.
Hey, you're not the staff.
So I sent a two of them a fellow member of the staff.
From Clarence Dero about the fallboard.
And by the way, Barry Jackass, I'm waiting for the column.
They're still trying to figure out how to spin this over there at the hero.
You know, with their business partners, Joel Feinberg and his losers across the street.
Why not just write the truth, Barry?
I looked at yesterday's column waiting to see about the rating book that came out on Thursday and Friday.
Nothing.
I'm looking for Jikka to write something about.
Nothing.
Oh, back in the day when we had people who used to really write about radio like in a real market.
Like they do here.
In a real market.
In a real city where people living and breathing.
They still write about radio.
Not here.
Not in South Florida.
So come on, Barry.
When are you going to write your column about how QN kicked the tickets ass?
Okay, and how we had an H-Hair here in midday and just destroyed them.
When you got to write that Barry, you fairy.
You fairy.
You little wimp.
You little turd.
God.
Couch potato my ass.
Anyway, Clarence writes, I just mentioned that in passing because it pisses me off that when we do extraordinarily well,
which hasn't happened during the Joe Ballerah ever before, but finally did.
We got a kiss.
Hey, nobody writes about it.
It's like a big secret.
Oh, there was a rating book.
Well, we don't know anything about that.
Yeah.
Right.
Clarence knows about it.
He said we just had a kick ass ratings book with two or three escalation points.
We.
Meaning him and Joe Bell.
We.
WQM finished number two in 25 to 54 in the fall 2007 ratings book.
He writes, Joe Rose and Jason Jackson took more days to number four in the market.
No Joe Rose took it to number four and it could have been higher than that except for a well.
And isn't it interesting?
How long was that on the...
What was it called?
The Bowen, the Big Dog in Jackson.
September, second or something.
So, October, November, December, three and a half months.
Yeah, four months, basically.
And now it's the Joe Rose, the Big Dog, all solo.
Joe Rose.
And I can't.
Oh, touchy feeling, my ass.
Okay.
How come Joe, you keep talking about how good Tom Brady is.
Now, how good looking he is because everybody can see it.
Okay.
Because he's not uptight like you, Jay.
Jay Touchy feeling who takes showers naked with other guys.
He's wearing the Joe Rose, the Tom Brady's a hot looking guy.
He'd like to do it with him.
Come on, Touchy feeling.
Haven't we had enough Touchy feelings on the team already?
So, Neil crushed all newcomers in mid days,
writes clearance with number one finish and an eight share, eight point.
Wow.
Hank and the Mad Dog kept it rolling finishing number one from three to seven with a 5.6 year.
Hank and the Mad Dog.
I can't believe they even mentioned the Humphrey's name anymore.
Did he part at Humphrey?
That was funny.
And don't underestimate the value of the dolphins or we can rank increase from 17th to six
and are cum doubled into the, specifically Sundays from 1 to 4pm dolphins play by play.
QM was number one with a 13 point two share.
A lot of people tuning in to see if it was really Jimmy Sifilis doing a game.
And then when he found out it was, they said, oh my God, are you kidding me?
Oh, congratulations to the entire WQM programming stack, writes clearance.
And now everybody's going to work for half pay.
Oh, it says, everyone worked their butts off.
Enjoy the moment and let's keep the momentum going in 2008.
Let's keep the big mold going in 2008.
Even though we're blowing everybody out the door, let's keep the big mold going in 2008.
I never realized, Francis, that's a funny guy, did you?
You did?
Yeah.
I didn't say funny looking. I said funny.
Last time I saw him, he was conducting a one man search party with his hand in his pants.
But I don't think he found him. Did you offer to help?
No, he did not.
Oh, yeah.
What is wrong with you today?
What is wrong with you?
I think I'm not even going to go into it.
I'm not going to try to duplicate your grossness.
Okay, I'll ask you.
What a disgusting thought.
Clarence Deereau with a wieness.
Oh, geez.
26 after 10 at 5, 60, WDQ in.
I just got it.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum.
Bram.
Bum bum bum bum bum.
Bram.
Anyway, I think Rand is great.
Randians are continuing their ever-short wire.
I knew we were like.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, I'm bum bum bum bum bum bum.
Bram bum bum bum bum.
Bram.
And that old bitch voice on bum bum bum.
1031, he's only 100 years old.
He only looks like he just came back from bad, bad time in Vietnam a couple of days ago,
instead of years and years ago.
But nevertheless, he's against torture because he himself was tortured.
He's in favor of murder.
That's right.
Don't torture him.
Kill him.
Then being almost anybody's speaking of dying, a whole bunch of celebrity deaths over the weekend.
Did you see that?
You didn't want it too, yeah.
You wouldn't know who some of these people are.
Let me test you, okay?
John Stewart of the Kingston Trail.
You know who that is?
Yeah, I know.
I don't know John Stewart on a deli show.
Where's Cordis?
I don't know who this is either.
John Stewart, who wrote the monkey-sit daydream believer and became a well-known figure in the 60s,
spoke music revival as a member of the Kingston Trail, has died.
According to the band's website, he was 68, just a young pup, 68.
Stewart suffered a massive stroke or brain aneurysm and died early Saturday to San Diego Hospital,
a band announced on its official website.
The world has lost one of its best men.
But a man who lived well and made many people happy with his love, his win as music, the announcement said.
Stewart joined the Kingston Trail in 1961.
Three years after the band released its version of an old folk song,
Tom Dooley, they went on to become a big fat booby-head, hanged on your head, Tom Dooley.
Remember that? No.
You'll never hear it.
Um, no.
No, they'll know.
Stewart replaced the band's founder, David Barr, who would luck to pursue a new musical direction.
Stewart spent six years leading the group during which Tom the band recorded 13 albums according to his website.
After the Kingston Trail, this band in 1967, Stewart went on to claim solo career that included recording more than 40 albums.
Nobody ever bought them or heard them, but he recorded more than 40 albums.
Stewart's wife, Buffy and children ran aside when he died, plans had been announced for memorial services.
John Stewart in the Kingston Trail is dead.
And that's just the first of many analysts.
Did you start 13 albums in six years?
40 albums.
No, no, no, no.
When he was with the band, he recorded 13 albums.
Yeah.
Wow.
And six years.
That's two years.
So what's the big deal with that?
Now you're lucky to get one every three years.
Wow, that's the way things are now because you don't have any creativity anymore.
You got just cookie cutter crap, you know what I'm saying?
What do you think?
Suzanne Plachette is dead at age 70.
Now you know who that was?
Yes, that one.
I thought her picture I knew she was.
Well, good.
See, there you go.
Suzanne Plachette, the Huskyboy star best known for her role as Bob Newhart, Sardonic wife on TV's long running.
And it was an awful show too, by the way.
Just horrible.
Bob Newhart show has died.
She died?
At age 70.
Plachette, whose career included roles in such films as Alfred Hitchcock's The Birds and in Broadway plays including the Miracle worker, died of respiratory failure Saturday evening at her LA home set her attorney, Robert Finkelstein, also a family friend in a good Jew.
Plachette underwent chemotherapy for lung cancer in 2006.
I should take that back.
I don't know whether it's a good Jew or not.
Maybe he eats trache.
Maybe he eats bacon, cheeseburgers and McDonald's.
Hey, Lee's a column.
What?
Did Zack ever bring you a Mississa?
No.
Watch your back, Zack.
The Bob Newhart show hits you out at 6-year-unstarch committee.
Newhart is an ad way to want to go into that.
When I joined in 90, Plachette repreesed a role from the first show in one of the most clever final episodes in TV history.
It had Newhart walking up the...
Waking up in the bedroom of his Bob Newhart show, home with Plachette at his side, he went on to tell her how the crazy dream he just had,
of running an infield with the eccentric.
If I'm in Timbuck 2, I'll fly home to do that, Plachette said of a reaction when Newhart told her how he was thinking of ending the show.
Whatever that means.
If I'm in Timbuck 2, I'll fly back to the...
Oh, it's horrible to show the Bob Newhart show.
I think I saw him.
What?
That was a little...
That was a little...
No, that was a little...
Don't watch it.
Born January 31, 1937, in New York City, Plachette began a career as a stage actress after attending the city's high school of performing parts and studying its neighborhood playhouse.
She often picked her roles because of her beauty and...
Throty voice. She had a throty voice.
Not that throty.
She met her future husband.
I didn't know this. Tom Poston.
Remember Tom Poston?
Another name.
From the Steve Allen show and from a lot of other really bad sitcoms.
Tom Poston, when they appeared to get them in the 59 Broadway comedy to Golden Fleasing,
but didn't marry him till more than 40 years later.
After all of the two had a brief fling, they went on to marry others.
By 2000, they were both widowed, got back together marrying the following year.
Tom Poston, how do you like that who died April of last year?
He was such a wonderful man.
He had fun of every day of his life, Plachette said of Poston.
Among other Broadway roles was replacing and bankrupted an miracle worker.
The 1959 drama about Helen Keller.
Meanwhile, she had launched her film with the career with Jerry Lewis in 58 in the Gishe Boy.
She went on to appear in numerous TV shows including Headgun Will Travel.
Alfred Hitchcock presents Playhouse 90 in Naked City.
In the early 60s, she attracted Teenage following the youth for roles in such films as
Rome Adventure. Fate is a hundred young blood hawk and a distant triumph.
She married fellow teen favorite Troy Donahue, her co-star in Rome Adventure in 64.
They're lasted less than a year.
I thought that what's your name? Connie was going to marry Troy Donahue and Godfather 3.
Remember that? No. I don't know this man. I don't know where he gets his money.
If you marry this man, it's going to make me very, very angry.
Connie. In other words, he made her an offer she couldn't refuse.
Poston, matured in such films as Hitchcock's The Birds and Disney comedies The Ugly Docksland,
Black Beards Ghost, Adventures of Bullwhip Griffin.
I wonder if that was the Merb Griffin?
Over the years, Bullwhip back Griffin.
Over the years, she had a busy TV crowd. She's dead.
Goes on and on and on.
And most of the people who listen to me right now, they wouldn't know Susan Plushet,
if they came in right now and speared him through the heart with a knife.
Guess who else died?
There's an endless number. They say they come in threes.
It was like about a zid in over the weekend.
A young wickman. Who?
Who called someone candidate as most significant sporting events?
Not a cancer. Saturday, he was 71.
They just honored him about two weeks ago.
They've slept him out in a wheelchair. He looked like he waited about eight pounds.
Poor Don.
For more than 40 years, Wittman was a familiar face on CBT.
I can't speak today, CBT.
That's because it's a holiday I'm not supposed to be here.
My body knows it. And my body is saying,
Oh, you can't talk today. Here's CBT.
Those circumstances. We would have less people supporting.
But we've tended to have as political circles.
Yeah, okay, boring. He did the play by play for the great cups and stand.
The cups covered curling, golfing, track and field.
A fixture at both summer and winter Olympics.
Wittman called Van Johnson's steer-oitated victory in 100 meters at the 98th Soul Olympics.
He was there when Dottavan Bailey sprinted a gold in the same event in the 96th Games in Atlanta.
He died in the Winpeg Hospital surrounded by his family Saturday.
CBC Broadcasters Scott Russell, the work with Wittman at several Olympic and Canada.
Games called him the most unsophished broadcaster he's ever worked with.
Don always believed that his job was to be the guide of a sporting event,
Russell Sedan van Coover, where he's covering the Canadian Figure Skating Championships.
He took this through. He introduced us to the characters they let the athletes shine.
Don was the guide. He was a storyteller. That's what made him great.
And now he's dead.
During the 72 Olympics in Munich, he stood on a balcony, looked into the masked face of one of the terrorists who kidnapped nine Israeli athletes.
Wittman, chosen as the 2002 broadcaster of the Year by Sports Media Canada,
was member of the Canadian Football League Hall of Fame, Canadian curling hall of fame,
and Manitoba's Provincial Sports Hall of Fame.
He was big on curling, which, you know, nobody's perfect.
And Alan Melvin died.
Who?
Exactly.
Alan Melvin, a character actor best known for playing Santa Butcher on the Brady Bunch,
died he was 84. I don't remember no Santa Butcher.
I didn't know no Godfather.
Melvin died a cancer Thursday this home in the Brentwood, 60-Belay,
said, a media Melvin, his wife of 64 years,
the jolly jovial Melvin spent decades playing a series of sidekicks,
second bananas and lovable lugs including Archie Bunker's friend Barney,
and all in the family. Now you know who that is? I know who it is.
He was Barney.
Okay. He was a big goofy looking guy.
And Sergeant Bill goes right hand, man, Corporal Henshaw on the Phil Silver Show.
But in his place in pop culture will be fixed as Butcher and Borer,
Sam Franklin, the love interest of Brady family made Alice Nelson,
who was played by N.B. Davis.
Now Alan played the role from 70 to 73.
He was appearing on Broadway in Stallar, 17 when he began his decades-long TV career
with the Phil Silver Show, playing a role his wife said was always his favorite.
He was proudest of that show, a media Melvin said.
I think the camaraderie of all those guys made it such a pleasant way to work.
They were so relaxed. But a meet bit of a boop bit of up.
He saw steady employment as a voice actor from the early 60s and the 90s,
most famously providing the voice of McGillic-Aurella for the hand of barbaric art tune of the same name.
His other credits include several guest appearances on the Andy Griffiths Show,
Gomer Piles, USMC, and the Dick Van Dyke Show, a horrible, horrible, rotesque show.
A man with less than no talent, but he had a drinking problem here.
We have to feel sorry for Dick Van Dyke and all the other Dykes too.
So that guy's dead. A lot of deaths, wouldn't you say, for one weekend?
A lot of people. Yeah. Chargers are dead and sore the...
Packers. They packed it in.
Now, weren't you kind of shocked?
Yes and no. I mean, I'm sorry because the Patriots don't to pick it up a little bit
and start playing the way they did the first ten games of the season.
If they played the way they did yesterday against the Giants two weeks from yesterday,
it's going to be an ugly scene in Arizona for Patriots fans, you know what I'm saying?
Now, where was that final game within New York or in New York?
It wasn't New York? What do you mean, final game?
The one where they played before?
The Giants. Why do you say the final game? Well, it was the final game of the season.
No, it's not. Yeah, it was the last week of the season.
There was the final game of the season, the Giants game that they pulled out of their ass.
Yeah, it was the last week of the season.
Are you sure? I am totally sure.
Are you sure? Are you sure? Positive?
I will bet your paycheck on it.
Oh, I could say something, but I better know.
Better not.
Let's keep it on the rise.
Where do you lie, L.A.L.A.D.C.U.A.M.?
The fourth leader.
Were you grudge-packing?
NFL Fields presents.
Don't let the door hitch you with a good Lord splich you.
Whether it's mustering one win in a 16-game campaign
or making a 13-and-3 contender into a 5-and-11 meteor of mediocrity,
NFL head coaches know it's not just quarterbacks who get sacked.
And so, on any given weekday, Mindy from HR will issue your final paycheck
and discuss co-bra healthcare options.
Then, with security leading the way,
you'll clean out your desk, grab your fighters, plant,
and agent the facility to the battle cry.
Don't let the door hitch you with a good Lord splich you.
Okay, 10-46-14-11.
I'm sure that Chris was impressed by Tom Brady's shapely ass in that game yesterday.
Oh, that was a look at us.
Yes, you were. The final score that game was 38-35 for the past,
and you're right, it was last.
Nice game of the regular season.
Get to just endorse it over to Chris Whalen,
and I'll be glad to catch it.
You were making an event, not me.
That's like my saying, well, I'll bet you all the Bill Gates money that today's Monday, you know, like that.
Not like you've missed it.
You know, what's one check for you?
I've missed it.
I have many, many responsibilities in my life.
Okay, some of which you were aware of, some of which you're not, including Woodbuying,
which had a good weekend at Woodbuying.
That's good.
Thank God for that. I've got upset any morning, nice and early.
I went over there and I had, you know, or nearly I don't tell.
Well, yes, I do. I tell some of the stories that they're amusing and interesting.
There's this big, heavy set, smart-me-looking guy with like a little bit of a beard.
And he's in the even, you know, always tell when a guy is desperate.
He's going from one machine, this is in the high stakes room.
And he's playing the $5 real fortune, and he's playing all machines.
And he's going from one to the other, and he's got three credits in this one,
and two credits in that one.
And so finally, he gets off one machine, and I saw he described a spin for 500 bucks,
and that's the only machine that's spinning.
So I thought, well, maybe that's the hot machine, man.
And I see him looks back over at me like, ah, what's he doing?
He's like, you know, like he owns all the machines.
I want a machine, man.
And sure enough, I played it for about three minutes, and I come up with the $3,750 bucks on the line.
All right.
And he came by and he's mumbling, oh, gee, I shouldn't have got off that machine, man.
And I thought to myself, get out of here, you slob.
You're disgusting loser.
Makes me sick to my stomach.
How many times have I played a machine, gotten up and walked away,
and somebody else came and we all want something good, right?
Uh-huh.
Three times when I was playing those damn $5 machines, three times back in the day, two, three years ago,
somebody would come and, uh, I'd moved from one chair to another one,
and somebody would come and sit down next to me, playing a machine that I got off,
and hit five grand on the wheel.
Yeah, crap happens, man.
Right place at the right time.
It's blind luck.
Blind luck.
So it's not a good investment for your money.
All the better than the market.
Let's see if the S&P is down.
Shall we for that jerk?
No, look at that.
They're in commercial on the gambling channel. That's bad.
Uh-huh.
And when they go to commercial now, they take everything off the screen.
Well, that's right.
You want to know why?
Because the market's close today.
It's wrong.
Uh-huh.
It's a holiday.
What the hell's wrong with me?
Well, you shouldn't own that, you know.
Sure.
As South Carolina's Republican primary election draws nearer, it says,
oh, that was, uh, what was this article from?
Oh, he wrote it, Max Blumenthal wrote this the day before Friday.
My cock will be ratcheted up his appeals to the racial nationalism of white evangelicals.
You don't like people from outside the state coming in and telling you what to do with your flag.
The former Arkansas governor told the Mertle Beach crowd on January 17th,
referring to the Confederate flag.
If somebody came to Arkansas and told us what to do with our flag,
we tell them what to do with that poll.
That's what we do.
I'll tell you what to do with the poll.
My cockleberry.
Jump on Z.
Making code an appeals to white racism is nothing new for Alcabi.
Indeed, well before he was nationally known political star,
Huckleberry nurtured a relationship with the Mercas largest white supremacist group,
the Council of Conservative Citizens.
The extent of Huckleberry's interaction with the racist group is unclear,
but this much is known.
He accepted an invitation to speak at the group's annual conference in 1993
and ultimately delivered a video tape address that was extremely well received by the audience.
The send it from the white citizens' councils that battled integration in the Jim Crow South,
including at Arkansas's Little Rock High School, the Council of our COFCC has been designated a hate group
by the Southern Property Law Center, the COFCC.
In its statement of principles, the COFCC declares we also oppose all efforts to
mix the races of mankind to promote non-white races over the European-American people
through so-called affirmative action and similar measures to destroy or de-negrate the European-American heritage,
including the heritage of the Southern people and to force the integration of the races.
The COFCC is hosted several conservative Republican legislators at its conferences,
including former representative Bob Barr of Georgia and Senator Trent Lot and his comp-poms from Mississippi.
But mostly it's been a source of embarrassment to Republicans hoping to move their party beyond its race-baiting image.
Former Reagan speechwriter and conservative Pundit Peggy Nunein applied the pittly declares that anyone involved with the COFCC
does not deserve to be in a leadership position in America, position. Say it right, can you say it?
Position? Position. No, a position. Position. No, you better work on it. It's position.
Position. Huh? Like New Jersey. During a lengthy phone conversation in 2006,
the COFCC founder and former white citizens council organizer Gordon Lee Baum, detailed for me,
Huckabee, Huckabee's dalliances with his group, he told me that Huckabee eagerly accepted his invitation
to speak at COFCC's 93 National Convention in Memphis, Tennessee.
Huckabee's plan was complicated, however, when Arkansas Governor Jim Guy Tucker
joined it out of state and the point of the state's senator presided over the governorship.
The Arkansas State legislature passed a resolution forbidding the lieutenant governor from leaving Arkansas
until Tucker returned us preventing Huckabee from attending the COFCC's conference.
In lieu of his appearance, according to Baum, Huckabee sent an audio video presentation saying,
I can't be with you, but I'd like to be the speaker next time.
The COFCC promptly replaced Huckabee with Michael Ramirez, a right-wing cartoonist
whose work was currently syndicated to forward a newspapers by the COFCC's new service.
Baum's account of Huckabee's videotape message was confirmed by a COFCC newsletter obtained by Edwards Abesta,
a veteran observer of the Neo-Confederate movement.
Arkansas Lieutenant Governor Huckabee, unable to leave Arkansas because the governor was absent from the state,
said a terrific videotape speech which was viewed extremely well received by the audience the 93 newsletter reports.
The following year in 94 the COFCC held its national conference in Lower Rock, Arkansas through a Commodate Huckabee.
According to Baum, Huckabee initially agreed to speak before the group, but became apprehensive in the Arkansas meaty report he'd be joined on the COFCC's podium by Kirk Lyons,
a white and nationalist legal activist who was Hale Hitler is probably the most misunderstood man in German history.
He didn't know anything about Kirk Lyons, or anyone else's Baum, said of Huckabee, he said he would show up if he took Lyons off.
But Baum refused to remove his old friend Lyons from the bill, Huckabee, who was more concerned about receiving bad publicity than by the racist underpinnings of COFCC,
would due his promise to speak.
The COFCC replaced him with this time at former Arkansas Supreme Court Justice Jim Johnson, a white citizen council founder who organized the mob that rioted against the integration of Little Rock High School,
and later served as the star narrator of Reverend Jerry Falwell's discredited film The Clinton Chronicles.
In the end, Huckabee's reported relationship with COFCC benefited the group.
We had the biggest crowd in our history because of the publicity surrounding Huckabee's planned appearance bomb said of his 94 conference.
The COFCC has since rebuke Huckabee for his insufficiently intolerant political behavior.
Unfortunately, Huckabee has never rebuked them, instead he embraced the group ignoring its well-known legacy of promoting racism,
and only severing ties with his political ambitions were threatened by bad publicity.
That's my Cuckabee for you, religious evangelical lunatic, bigot!
That's what white evangelical means, bigot! You got it? Bigot!
Got it.
So where's the numbers, Barry Jack? Can you believe that? Here's Monday.
How many columns did Barry write over the weekend?
About 30 men!
About crap that nobody cares about. He wrote anything about the rewriting, about the between the ticket and the QAM, about anything on here.
No! Nothing! Zipity doodah, Barry! What are you waiting for? Joel Feibert here? Are you over there right at for you?
His mom. He has waiting for mom to bring the baloney sandwiches and the peanut butter and jelly.
And by the way, baloney and bacon is trafe, Barry. All right?
Don't let Joel Feibert, you want those? He'll burn in hell, or he'll just get pissed off and beat the crap out of you.
Maybe that's what Barry is afraid of. Maybe he's afraid if he writes a column about this fall rating book that Joel Feibert's gonna be really pissed off,
and come over there and just beat the livin' snot out of Barry. And if he beat the snot out of him, it would be a lot of snot.
You own a sand? What do you think? Yes you do.
664 on your pool. I don't know. I don't think you got any shot of a thousand a day.
Oh! For holiday? Exactly.
Where do we go for on holiday? 800? Yes, how good of me. Sounds great.
Who is more electable? I mean, granted. I don't know if either one of them is electable.
Of course, I didn't put John Edwards on there because he's out. He doesn't know it yet, but he's out. Nobody told him yet. Hey Johnny, you're out.
You're out, Tom. Maybe I could help. You're out.
666. Look at that. Zach Rage is before the break. 666 on the pool.
Uh-oh. Don't you think that's an old man? Uh-huh.
I guarantee you, if you shave Joe Bell's head, you'll find three sixes on that bald spot. You're in T.
Hold him down and had courtess come in there and shave his head. Shave a big bald spot. You'll find three sixes on his head.
Joe Bell is the anti-Christ. Oh! Well, we know that.
And of course, you notice how quiet Chris becomes when I say that. You'll have to say a word. I know you need the money.
I know you have nothing but disgust and disdain and content for a lot of things that are happening in that building around you.
But you're not going to say it on the air because that would be bad for your future. For when they want to give you this show.
Give it right. Yeah. It's the Chris Hendrick show, baby.
1056 at QAM. This is the Neal Wancher show.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
This is your brain.
The former president will Clinton.
A lot of us use the love bill Clinton.
Not no mole.
Bye bye, Bubba!
Your time is up, baby.
The upstart presidential candidate, Illinois Senators,
said Clinton's troubling statements on behalf of his wife's
candidacy, and accurately characterized her mammoth position.
And he said the former president's distortions are not in line
with the obligation to honestly he has as a one-time argument
of the oral office.
The former president will have a lot of regard for.
who we all have a let me do it again. The former president who we all have a lot of regard for is
taken his advocacy on behalf of his wife to a level that is pretty troubling Obama charges
morning on ABC's Good Morning America. It continues to make statements that aren't supported by the facts.
Hillary Clinton delivered Obama a tough loan about his caucuses on Saturday when she got about
51% of the popular vote and was largely declared the winner although Obama actually got more delegates
to the Democratic National Convention because of the state's caucus rules which nobody even
Einstein couldn't figure them out. Prior to the vote, a teachers union largely populated by
Clinton's supporters tried to block members of the state's culinary workers union which
backed Obama from voting in a large precinct in Vegas as massive casino resorts where many union
members work. The campaign denied involvement in the lawsuit but Bill Clinton accused the
culinary union trying to prevent its members from caucusing if the indicator they would support Hillary Clinton.
Obama says the former president also distorted his record about position of the Warner
Rack and his comments expressing some regard for former president Ronald Reagan. Bad move,
Barack. Ronald Reagan was a piece of turd. He just forgets all the crap he did. He forgot
a Ryan country. He forgot everything. For its part Hillary Clinton's campaign released a statement
dismissing Obama's complaint saying he simply frustrated losing New Hampshire and defending Bill Clinton's
assertions as facts she did. I do think there should be some standards of honesty in any political
discourse that's part of the change I want to bring about Obama said if you have something that's
just directly contradicting the facts and it's coming from a former president I think that's a
problem because people presume that a former president is going to have more credibility and I
think there are certain responsibilities that are carried with that. Barack talked with Robert
Roberts on Good Morning America. Well goody goody gum drop. He's getting pissed off and fared up.
Uh oh one moment please. Are they okay?
I know I have to send a message here for one second. It's a holiday.
Not for all of us. What does that mean? Well you and I are here. You're not doing much. I mean
I'm not expecting to do much but you're not doing much. You're sitting there playing a few spots.
You know what I mean? What do you mean? Just continue more of the same okay?
I think that's fine. Cool. In fact speaking of Bill Clinton, prominent Democrats are upset
with the aggressive role that Bill Clinton is playing in the 2008 campaign. The role they believe
is inappropriate for a former president and the titular head of the Democratic Party. Can I say
that titular head? Well I guess we'll find out in a moment. In recent weeks Senator Edward Kennedy
represented a Ram O'Manuel, a manual. Both currently neutral Democratic contests have told
their old friend heatedly on the phone that he needs to change his tone and stop attacking Senator
Barack Obama according to two sources familiar with the conversations who asked for an interview
because of their sensitive nature. Clinton, Kennedy and Emmanuel all declined to comment.
They told him heatedly on the phone screaming and shrieking. On balance aids to both Bill and
Hillary still see Bill as a huge net plus in fundraising attracting large crowds and providing a
megaphone to raise doubts about Obama even if some of those doubts are distortions. But there's
concern that in hatcheting the Illinois Senator and losing his temper with the news media last week he
tracked his San Francisco TV reporter for asking about a lawsuit about Clinton backing teachers union
members to limit the number of Nevada caucuses. Clinton is drawing down his political capital and
harming his role as a global statesman. This is excruciating since the memory of the Clinton
circle who asked for anonymity but the stakes couldn't be higher. It's worth it to tarnish himself a
bit now to win the presidency for a swillery. During a December taping with PBS's Charlie Rosa
frustrated Clinton called Obama a role of advice as aides try to win the interview then in New Hampshire
he argued angrily that the story of Obama's principal position on the Iraq war was a fairytale
a charge few reporters bought. Representative James Clyburn in South Carolina, the tap ranking
African American Congress and officially neutral, found Clinton's tone insulting and said so publicly
insulting when a former president called Kennedy the Massachusetts Democrat gave Clinton a
near-fold telling him that he bore some blame for the injection of race in the contest. In any event
both Hillary and Obama made peace on the race issue of the Vegas debate the Clinton cap now fears
that Kennedy is leading toward Obama according to the Clinton source while Kennedy's office
aides making no endorsement at this time yet. Clinton aides admit the boss sometimes goes off script
Obama officials say this itself should be a campaign issue. Greg Craig who coordinated
Clinton's impeachment defense in ideate and is now a senior Obama advisor argues that recent
events raised the question if Hillary's campaign can control Bill whether Hillary's White House could
there's little precedent for a former president engaging in the intraparty attacks in 1960
Hillary Truman criticized the idea and now the next sentence that didn't print out.
Oh the idea of a Roman Catholic president and briefly
tried to stop John Kennedy's nomination. I don't say that when something doesn't print out.
But in 2000 former president George Bush declared a attack as soon as the U.P.
primary opponent John McCain. Clinton is under my undeterred by the criticism and will likely
keep hammering Obama if he thinks it helps Hillary. History will judge the impact on the Clinton
legacy not daily weekly political man reporters said Matt McKenna built Clinton's press secretary.
Out of control, Obama go back to a chapequat. Get some action baby while she's out schlepping around.
Get out of our face and quit with all the Matt, Matt, Matt, I always read in the face too not good for
your heart you know what I'm saying. I thought it's fights so hard for her so she can win and get out of
his hair. He wants back in the White House baby he knows we're all the right pages left.
That's right all the hotspots. 704 on the pool I think you've got a shot at the I don't know maybe
750 or so. You got to start being the best. You know this is very personal for me.
It's not just political it's not just public. I see what's happening. We have to reverse it.
I have so many opportunities for this country. It's all I see is fall backwards.
I can hold the closure. You'll feel the heat. You'll be not know what to do.
The charges defending stand up for me. People think she's too cold to get elected in the first flight.
Obama's need is expanding. The field pride.
The faith has lost the brain boost. She looks old. Yelp at me like she's my mother.
The goodness and greatness of America. The tears were alive.
You still want to see this fall backwards.
Can't let us scream at each other.
Woo!
This is what it sounds like when Hillary cries.
This awful rock will bomb a watch that's more and more and more.
We don't realize what making you all had done a funny thing.
And all you do is write a bunch of extra rich about me.
You're lucky I'm even a campaign free.
You're free to win.
You're free to win.
You're free to win.
The women are voting for her older women. That's because she's a woman.
The dark folks are voting for Barack Obama. That's because he's dark.
Not real, real dark but dark enough.
What can I tell you?
The old people are voting for her because she's old and old news.
710, man. What color is it? What frequency is it? It used to be WGBS.
Never heard of it.
You never heard of WGBS? No.
Never heard of Arnie Warren?
Who?
Ken Walden? Yes.
Yeah. He'll tell you all about WGBS.
It sucked.
Arnie and Amos in the morning.
Well, Arnie Warren, was he something or what?
He was something I can't say the word on the ear.
Pretty weak. And anyway, that 710 now is Aradio Mambi
because it reflects the changing demographics of South Florida,
the changing ethnic makeup of the listening audience.
That's another reason it's a miracle we got that 8.0.
That was a miraculous, okay? Not just good.
Not just the worthy of congratulations.
Worthy of a big kiss.
And that's what I got all right from them, man.
A kiss on the cheek.
But not the one I was expecting.
As the little log would say, I'm sure I can find it.
I'll take a second.
It might take a second like I said.
Oh, here it is.
You can kiss my rear end. There it is.
If you choose contracts treated on a day when U.S.
stocks weren't even due to open or anything near accurate,
then markets will be in for a major decline tomorrow.
Oh, my God.
With concerns about bond insurers and the health of financial institutions dragging markets lower.
March contracts on the Dow.
It traded 353 points lower to 11,053.
The S&P, or is that guy, man, like to struggle in with a piano chord?
Piano wire.
March contracts on the Dow traded to 353 lower.
And the S&P 500 futures fell 55 points to 1270.10.
And the Nasdaq 100 futures lost 72.25 to 1777.
U.S. markets, of course, are closed today for the Martin Luther King holiday trading.
What resume did it all tomorrow?
Futures declines around the back of big drops in European Asian markets.
From developing markets like Shanghai down over 5%,
to establish ones in Paris down nearly 6%, financial institutions around the world sold off.
Here comes the money, and oh, there goes your money.
You ever go to the don't track?
Oh, no.
Why not? Because it's a dog track?
What, what does that mean?
I have to start with a dog track.
Why?
Never interested.
Scientists in Morgan Stanley told clients to stay in cash.
Cash, baby. Good old denaro.
Pesos.
Our themes continue to be patience earnings, recession,
U.S. recession spreading global bear market rate,
gene, don't be alert into value stocks as most are likely to be value traps.
Much more monetary easing.
We expect flat but volatile markets, just as the 89-92 period,
a real whipsaw environment for the market they said.
So unless you got a real strong stomach and plenty of money to lose,
went and doubt stayed the hell out.
Much of the fear stems from worries about potential ratings cuts for bond insurers,
such as Ambach financial ABK and MBIA.
AAA ratings are on thin ice.
Fitch ratings on Friday, downgraded, and Ambach from AA to AA from AAA.
After the bond insurer benefits, planned to sell a billion dollars in equity.
When a bond insurer is downgraded,
all these securities that has guaranteed are in theory downgraded as well.
Putting some $1.4 trillion of municipal bond securities at risk,
and more than $600 billion of structured finance securities at risk.
The fears were lent some support when they had a French essential bank,
Christian Neuer, said that, or is that Noye,
said that French banks, clearly like all banks in the world,
are still in the process of marking down assets.
Yeah, marking down your assets.
Here comes the money and there goes your money.
You ought to go to the dogtracks sometime.
Okay. Why not?
You know, just don't have any interest.
Don't have any interest.
Why not? How do you know unless you go one time?
You might enjoy it.
I might.
Here, did you ever see dog racing on TV?
And?
That's okay, you know.
Taste the money around.
I bet the one over the $478.
Okay.
I said, I'm out.
I had the super.
I had the super. I keep thinking about February.
You never knew February.
Nope. Well, you missed out on quite a character.
I'm sorry.
There will never be a guy like him again.
I guarantee you that.
Which may not be a bad thing,
but he's a good guy.
I had the super.
And he's talking to people who don't know him from Adam,
who couldn't, not only don't they know him.
They don't care.
They have no interest.
They don't care. But, yeah.
$722 on your pool.
As you're marching toward our goal of $800.
Mike Ava is an Adam Doster, right?
Oh, this is good. This is great.
Speaking of losing your cash.
One of the country's most popular pastors
is preaching a gospel controversial, many in the religious community.
He says, Jesus was not poor and wants Christians to be wealthy too,
call it the gospel of bling.
The man's name appropriately enough is CREFLODOWER.
And according to ABC's Nightline, he sits atop a religious empire.
You know something?
I have nothing but sympathy for people.
Not sympathy, but, yeah, I used to have contempt.
Now I have admiration.
That's what I'm looking for.
That's what I'm looking for.
I'm looking for sympathy, admiration.
Because there's so many stupid suckers waiting on waiting to be...
They want to be fleeced to their cash.
Okay, they're just sitting out there.
Please, please feed me a bunch of crafts so I can hand over all my money to you.
One more power to them.
It's business.
CREFLODOWER has a church with a congregation nearly 40,000 members,
offices on CISContinence.
He's published over 70 books and his daily TV show,
which is a billion households worldwide.
A billion!
And in many ways, the church has grown with a message that God doesn't want people to be poor.
If Jesus had so much cash, how come He didn't have verken stocks?
It's the damn worst sandals I've ever seen in my life.
Why do you have to really talk to people to read the Bible?
He says we've made financial prosperity, like it's a wicked thing.
We automatically assume that Jesus was poor.
So you're saying Jesus was rich questions reported down here?
I say pick up the Bible and read it for yourself.
He responds later in the piece.
And as you begin to read it, you'll go through the entire Bible and find out that Abraham, the Bible, says was rich.
Of course, because he was Jewish.
What are you trying to say?
I'm trying to say it's all bubble-mices.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Abraham was rich.
Isaac and Jacob were rich.
Joseph was rich.
Solomon was one of the richest people in the world.
These were all servants of God.
Well, the wine of the world would God allow his son to come and at least be on level of those servants.
Why wouldn't he give him a few bucks?
Dr. Joseph Huff, president of the Union Theological Seminary in New York, finds dollars' message absurd.
The claim that Kreflo Dollar makes that Jesus was rich is so ludicrous as to hardly be a examination, he says.
Like other religious leaders, dollar practice practices what he preaches, the son of a policeman of a school cafeteria worker.
He now owns an Atlanta State, a $2.4 million apartment in New York and a private plane.
Like a carpenter has to have a hammer to do his job.
He says, I've got to have a plane to fly around this world and be back here to pastor to the two churches.
Like a carpenter has to have a hammer.
Not that hammer.
Hey, hammer.
That was funny.
But dollars' accomplishments have also landed him in the sites of Republican Senator Chuck Graschley who wants the pastor and several other prominent ministers to answer a series of questions to prove they're not using tax-feeding donations or their churches to fund their own extravagant lifestyles as if there's any doubt.
Jesus came into the city on a simple donkey says, Graschley, what are disciples of his doing flying in and jets?
And he ought to come in on a jackass.
Pastor Dollar denies any financial and propriety.
What have I, what I have, he says, I get you my businesses and investments that I have separately that I keep separate from the church.
Dollar's followers are standing by the minister at least for now.
It doesn't matter to us that church members said.
Whatever they find, you know they find.
We don't worry about that because I know what he's done for my life and I know it's worked for me.
She says, it's worked for me.
What's he's trying to say is, I have no life.
Sad, desperate, lonely old people with a lot of shuckles put in and they're hand them all over.
Here you go. Here's all my money. That's kind of business I want to get into.
Just feed your bunch of fairy tales and nonsense, talk a lot of gibberish and trash.
Oh, if you give me your money, I'm going to give you salvation like that.
Sounds good to me.
Because there's so many stupid desperate people out there that have to be.
How else could you explain all these gayskies, man? How could anybody buy to this baloney?
Oh, the good book says, well, who wrote the good book, okay? Who wrote that crap?
Who wrote that uneducated swill thousands of years ago?
Every time there was a damn thunderstorm, they thought that God was pissed off that the nuns were bowling upstairs.
Many of them.
The best talent you've ever seen in your projects is 460 km.
The fourth leader.
Come on, Mo.
You're fairy.
Jesus, you're stupid, you're stupid.
Jesus, you're doing all right on screen.
Jesus, you're packing up in the courtyard.
Jesus, you're seeing something moving.
Jesus, you're doing all right.
No one has been spreading hard. No one has been like a flood.
No one has gotten a star.
Jesus, you're doing all right.
Oh yeah, Jesus, you're doing all right.
Who wrote that?
Jesus, you're doing all right on screen.
Jesus, you're doing all right.
Jesus, you're doing all right.
Don't you hear what the critics say?
No one has what the critics do.
Jesus has had a big day.
Jesus, you're doing all right.
I want to be something that Jesus came back as an elderly retiree under the name of Saul Robinoids in Budapest, Cando.
A multi-million dollar Cando, of course, because Jesus was rich, right?
How would it always end?
730 votes on the pool because he would put a big mizuzza on the front of the door.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus is coming.
These more electable is our pool question.
Today we have 730 votes on there.
It's a holiday, so we're not going to get anywhere near a thousand.
No kid, all up, porky with us about it.
Okay, nothing we can do.
Hey, we might.
So, you know, not to like what?
Might get a thousand.
Are you doing drugs again to George leave you some there or what?
730 votes is all we got.
Well, it's a holiday for crying out in a lot of people.
I'm sure who get off from work today.
They took off on maybe Friday afternoon.
And they hauled ass and went away for the weekend and more power to him.
Oh, there's Hillary and Bubba.
Black America.
I used to like him a lot.
And it was Andrew Young.
It was, you know, Whitten, blacker than Barack.
In a Clinton's pocket.
Bill Clinton grew up in Arkansas, so it's a teenager.
Yeah.
Oh, Andy Young, get out of here.
732, his face is falling apart.
That's the point at which I no longer want to see somebody on TV
when their face starts falling for you.
Want me to buy that?
Mm-hmm.
That's Andy Young.
Did they take Bill's black as Brock?
Is that what they said?
Oh, yeah, that's the deal.
He was the first black president who was Bill Clinton, you know, because...
Is this group in Arkansas?
No, because he was such a good friend of the black community.
That's so, therefore, he was, you know, a soul brother.
It's just crap.
It's nonsense.
It's proper gander.
732 in a pool.
Who's more electable?
Barack Obama 242, Hillary Clinton 224.
Only 18 separate the two, man.
It's tight.
Neither one, 200.
And I don't care 66.
I don't care.
You should care.
I don't wanna.
I don't wanna.
You ought to.
I don't wanna.
Oh, and by the way, a lot of young people didn't bother voting
and have had on Saturday again.
What did I tell you about that?
They don't vote, young people.
They're all for Obama, but a lot of them don't vote.
Women, on the other hand, what else are they going to do?
Go shopping?
Uh-huh.
That's the sexist remark, but nevertheless, I stand by it.
The old women they go out there and they vote.
Once they get done with the Magiang game,
and they go through playing their Nicolord penny slots.
Is US on the brink of war with Iran
asked Catherine Cavanagh in the Daily Tribune in World Oak, Michigan?
Detroit.
Ever been in Detroit?
Don't.
A third.
Pass through.
Just passed through real fast.
Head into a...
Cavanagh.
Pass through fast and pass a lot of gas.
Scott Ritter, one of the former UN inspectors who didn't find any weapons of mass destruction
in Iraq, denounced the Bush administration for going to war with WMDs,
the primary rationale in March of 2003.
Now he fears the US is on the brink of war with Iran.
Ritter points to a military buildup in the region, the so-called threats to the US Navy
from Iranian speed both last week, and the US Senate Resolution at Labels Elements of Iran
is a terrorist organization.
It's like filling up a house with gasoline and flicking matches at the door,
Ritter said, sooner or later it'll connect.
Ritter spoke to the Daily Tribune via telephone Friday while on the road in Colorado,
he and media critic Jeff Cohen were grabbing a meet with school and church groups in Boulder,
and Denver this weekend for US tour of duty, a series of public forums aimed at starting
a national dialogue about global engagement.
The tour will bring Ritter and Cohen a former detour resident who refers to the mainstream media
as the weapons of mass destruction to first United Methodist Church 2-4pm on Saturday,
January 26th, this next Saturday.
The local tour stop is sponsored by the Huntington Woods Peace Citizenship Education Project,
spokeswoman Linda Ashley said the church can hold 700 people and she urges her irresence to attend.
So if you're listening and detour, I'd get over there.
We think Iran and US foreign policy is a real important topic, Ashley,
said this is a unique forum that gives our community a chance to participate in a national discussion.
Ritter said to present factual data that the country is heading toward another military conflict in the Middle East.
I draw heavily on the words of the Bush administration and people can draw their own conclusion,
he said, to him, President Bush has been waging war boards with Iran for years,
he points to the President saying all options around the table regarding Iran,
and it's a legend of the program in 2005, and then calling Iran a threat to world peace last week.
The President isn't talking about sending condolese or rice to Iran as an auction writer,
said we're not on the path of peaceful resolution through diplomacy.
His conclusion, what's really going on is a roadmap for global domination.
The war in Iraq initiated a long-term strategy, new icons have been formerly aimed to divide the world
into spheres of influence and dominate them economically, militarily and diplomatically.
Wooden Somsavi, headlight hungry reporter, be following the story if that were the case.
Cohen says, not if they work for corporate media.
A former on-air commentator and senior producer at MSNBC,
Cohen was assigned to Phil Vonahue, shown before was canceled in February 2003.
He says he obtained a memo criticizing Vonahue for seeming to delight in presenting guests
to our anti-war, anti-bush and skeptical of the administration's motives.
It's because we practiced journalism and had opposing views that we were terminated Cohen said.
After the show's cancellation, Cohen said MSNBC issued an order that every anti-war guest
needed to be counted by two pro-war guests.
That was their quote-assism, the shift of debate for pro-invasion forces,
according to Cohen, was a book I've called,
cable news confidential, my misadventures in corporate media.
Where does he get his news?
Cohen said his homepage opens through commendreams.org,
which builds itself as a new center for the progressive community.
The good news in the realm of media is that the amazing things are happening
within the pen and journalist Cohen say they're filling a huge vacuum left by corporate media
that practiced jingoism when it comes to war and tabloidism in general.
Cohen and Ritter scoffed at the USA Today headline in Friday's edition proclaiming
75% of Baghdad's secure.
The article says data given by the military to the newspaper provides a clear snapshot
of how security has improved in Baghdad since 30,000 additional American troops arrived
in Iraq last year.
The average citizen will say things are working, but the small print shows
it's a smoke and mirrors game, Cohen said.
It's really quieter in Baghdad because of ethnic cleansing, concrete walls,
checkpoints, and I'll solder to clear the ceasefire.
We haven't defeated them, we've got them on our side.
USA Today is a misrepresentation of reality, he said.
But they've got nice color pictures though, I'll say that.
Lots of nice colors like, you know, the funny pages.
And we're Don Coyleon's grandson Anthony.
Yeah, we're the funny pages.
The funny papers.
Remember that scene?
No.
You're not a godfather student?
I'm not a student, no, I mean, I watched the godfather, but I don't know it's not a scene you've got.
You're not a student, the godfather, and you're working on this show?
I pop up.
Oh my god.
You're coming out to like a man!
What the hell are you doing?
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, huh?
They want to get mixed up in the family business.
And now you want to go down a police cap?
Come on, because he slapped you in the face a little bit.
What do you think?
This is the army where you shoot him a mile away.
You're going to get him close like this.
The thing you brought at friends all over your nice, I believe suit.
Come in.
Huh, you're taking a scary person.
Well, let me tell you something, my croc, Mick Brent.
Do you know who I am?
I'm Moe Green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
See, what's beautiful.
See, what's young.
She was innocent.
See, what's the greatest piece of ass I've ever had?
And I've had them all over the world.
I want to make them an awfully good deal with you.
Stop smart.
I'm not like everybody said.
I'm like them.
I'm smart.
And I want to spend it.
It's still alive.
They had almost five shots on it.
It's still alive.
It's a bad luck for me.
It's a bad luck for you if you don't make that deal.
You're taking a scary person.
Time can you get rid of dog.
For all type of sake.
You can't do it, Sally.
Let's come in.
Let's come in.
Let's come in.
Now, what the hell is this?
Why is the thermostatic on this dang of my donut's running?
That's a civilian sound effect.
It means Luca Bratzi sleeps with the frog of...
What the hell is that?
I guess that was someone trying to do a dog fight.
Try to be funny.
Try to do a bad done callion.
And they did.
They did a bad done callion.
Pretty weak.
Five shots, baby.
Right in the head.
Two shots of peace for Russell and the McCloskey.
748 and your poor, your creep until the 800 mark.
Once it's 800, man, we go home.
The biggest name.
The best out of two is no rejects.
4.
You're 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
As you sleep, so deficient.
Just when you thought, just maybe, I ran was not a threat.
Another golfing-dunk and event.
Will induce you to support another act of madness.
Your Ministry of Propaganda presents...
Iranian Friends.
5.
I shall hide small cities.
Go behind the scenes on the deck of the USS Ethopper,
where you can actually hear messages from the voice of doom.
This is Polish War Shield, the prime engaged in transit passage
in the old school international law.
I am coming to you, Hoya.
This is Polish War Shield, the prime engaged in transit passage
in the old school international law.
You will explode in a few minutes.
You will see no more.
I will be back.
I will be back.
I will stay here and monitor the scripted threats.
You take the camera and get a shot of the bow.
You take this camera and get a shot of him, building you from the bow.
Then, kind of pan around, and the people.
I can make it look good.
The fun moves we get all the men back on board will have to save the boats.
I can't think if you can get them, that's cooked to stop serving beans.
A radiant threat.
Now we're very everywhere on life.
Another yellow cake presentation.
Most people know boys out there in the sea.
Let me ask you if bubble on them.
Would they be bubble boys?
Uh-huh.
753 out of your pool.
I think you got a shot if they'd ate 100 today.
I'm not too sure though.
I will get it.
We got the Curtis for a jerk's today at 2 o'clock because it's a holiday.
Then, mad dog, and then after that, well.
And tonight's the Beast last show.
Nine to midnight.
Now, is he aware of this?
Yeah, he's aware of it.
I did a show yesterday with him and he knew about it.
You did a show?
I worked Sundays because I couldn't get paid anything so I have to work extra hours.
Yeah.
And so I worked with him from 9 to noon.
And what did he say?
He was talking about, yeah, 12.
Well, I showed, tune on in.
After that, who knows when I'll talk to you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So, you know.
And that was it?
Yeah.
And how were the colors?
Yeah, it was fun, you know.
What colors?
It was a Saturday.
I mean, a Sunday.
Nobody called me a Sunday.
There were no calls?
I'd say in three hours, you probably had six calls.
One or two of them was complaining about the Beast.
So, complaining about him being on.
We're going off.
Being on?
Like, because he's a big Patriots fan.
So, he's like, oh, you know.
I want this, I want, you know, I'm rooting for the Giants.
So, I'll blog and I call it as like, dude.
Just fests up, you think the Giants are going to be easier for your team to beat than the Beast.
No, no, no, no.
Well, of course, I'm going to throw it with that.
Exactly.
What's wrong with that?
What's wrong with that?
And I was telling him to say to me, I go, look, you want them to win.
He's like, no, no, that's not what it is, blah, blah.
I don't like whatever, dude.
Okay, well, I'm glad I missed it.
Yeah.
On January 4, 2008, Fox pundit Bill O'Reilly denied the existence of any homeless veterans in the U.S.
In an effort to prove O'Reilly wrong, Brave New Films visited homeless vets.
A nonprofit organization dedicated to helping homeless and at risk veterans so they could speak with some homeless veterans themselves.
I talked to over a dozen homeless vets, some of whom had served as far back as the Korean War,
writes the videos co-produced to Jonathan Kim on FoxAttacks.com.
These veterans are homeless, they do exist, and no matter what O'Reilly says, they're way too many of them.
Brave New Films showed the men of homeless vets a clip of O'Reilly mocking presidential candidate John Edwards for discussing the topic of homeless veterans in a speech.
This guy has no clue O'Reilly said in response to Edwards.
I mean, come on, the only thing sleeping under a bridge is that guy's brain.
Ten million illegal alien workers are sending billions of dollars back home,
and Edwards is running around saying nobody's got any money.
In an interview with Radio Host Ed Schultz on January 16, O'Reilly once again denied the existence of homeless veterans, this time with a slight caveat.
They made the out there, but there aren't many of them out there, okay? He said.
Brave New Films video depicts the residents of homeless vets which currently houses about 500 homeless veterans responding to the clip of O'Reilly's denial.
There's a lot of homeless veterans out there, and anyone who would even imply that there were no homeless veterans is out attached with reality, said Levi Cunningham, a current tenant at homeless vets.
I'd like to invite him to sleep out there too, said Fletcher Hickland, another homeless veteran, and then we'll see who's talking crazy.
Paul Reichoff of a Racken at Gannison Veterans and MSNBC's Keith O'Lberman have also teamed up to disprove O'Reilly's false claims.
I don't know what his agenda is here, but we hope that he uses it an opportunity to focus on a very critical issue, Reichoff said, in interview with O'Lberman.
We need everybody's self, we need folks to support our veterans. This isn't a partisan issue, it's not about John Edwards, it's about taking care of the people when they come home.
Crazy, Bill O'Reilly, the only people crazy with him, other people have watched him and listen to his crap.
Luckily in this market he still has a point on the radio. He doesn't even make the needle move on the Richter, he's like, D-Fo. How do you like that?
Not too bad, so this morning my radio was on 610, because I was driving home, I missed it, I was listening to the game.
And you were listening to Futsi? No, Dave Lamont was on. He was doing political talk.
Dave Lamont? Yeah, Dave Lamont on 614.
For us nerd, Dave Lamont was doing political talk in Nevada caucuses. I heard of saying in Nevada caucuses and the turnout was going to be alright, I don't need to hear this and turn it.
But I was just very surprised that he was talking political.
Dave Lamont? See?
He was doing political talk?
Boy, let's see, let me see how they did in the morning. Q-A-M, we had a 4-8.
That's Joe Rose, whose numbers can only go up now that he's working alone, like he should have been in the first place. He's not feeling with him.
That's where he's got Jay Touchy-Fili, who's very uptight about Joe's enchantment and obsession with the Tom Brady being so hot.
The reason that Joe Rose says it is because he's got two eyes and they're both working, that's why Touchy-Fili and believe me, you ain't nothing to look at.
Jay?
W-I-O-D, look at that. They dropped from 3.8 from 7th in the summer to a time for 13th, 2.7 in a fall. Talk about a fall. That's Dave Lamont.
Maybe it's the show that followed him and chased people away from the station.
Who came in second-winned way down. I wouldn't even look up again.
He opens up a big mouth. He's bringing something to the table.
What do you bring out of the table, Fudsy? Let's see what he's got. He's still the winner. Which is the best pizza thing yet?
I thought he got rid of all that. He's got poles.
No, he's still has the poles. He got rid of the 50-50 though because he couldn't pedal anything because he got no audience.
Let's see, Fudsy Street.com. Let's see if he's still doing. And then the way he does it, which is totally lazy. Oh yeah, yeah.
What he does is he keeps the same thing on there the same question every day and then he'll put a different challenger on there, depending on the result.
Where can you find the best pizza in South Florida?
Munchies in North Miami, the current champion, or the big cheese in South Miami, the new challenger.
And every day, I'll vote for the big cheese just for the hell of it.
And Munchies is about 75% of the big cheese, 25%. Big cheese is a good place.
Well, I'm just telling you. So tomorrow he'll have munchies against somebody else.
I mean, that's like doing the same pool every day and just changing the choices on there.
I mean, talk about a cop out, Fuddy. Oh my God. And that picture of you and Danny Boy. And Sandy Peyton Manning. Oh God.
I don't know. I think I'm going to go out into balcony right now and jump. Sonya Shining.
I don't want to jump off the balcony on a really cool day. So I won't do it today.
Yesterday, the day like the end of the world, I mean, really cool, really, really, really cool.
Worked well for the car from the parking lot to Woodbike. I could have had a park, but you know, that's money you can gamble.
Oh, it's minus eight. It's getting toasty. It's sunny and minus eight. Gonna go all the way up to minus six today.
Woo! And then tomorrow, a plus one, 34. And you belly ache about cold weather up north. What's wrong with you?
Who does? I don't know. You people, not you. Oh, okay. I love cold weather.
You, you, you like this weekend, man? Too cold even for you. Probably so cold that the windshield was minus 23 Celsius.
Which I don't know what that translates to, but it translates into like freezing your skin when you go outside.
Translates into thank God. It's Sunday with a lot of football on TV and don't have to go outside.
And you can also watch the Leafs lose to New Jersey 3 2.
John Turmin writes, the murky toll of the Iraq war. I don't think I have time for this before the break.
So I'll do this one instead. Well, I don't want to like get way behind here, you know.
Then we'll have to spill over into Curtis's show. Curtis don't want that. That would be a minus nine degrees Fahrenheit.
Nine below zero. That is nuts. What? Now, which temperate you're talking about minus three Celsius?
Nine below zero. And when the wind just whipping, oh, but there's no snow. There's not one flake.
Well, there's a few flakes out there. One thing about living in a big city. A lot of crazy people.
When it gets that cold, isn't it like it's like almost unable to snow because it's too cold? Of course not.
They in Northe here, they had like a blizzard. They had a massive pile up north of the city.
We'd like about a hundred cars and it looked like one of those wrecking balls hit them all.
That's like it. Looks like a junkyard. Hey, there's someone on the line 12. Go answer it.
We'll do. Could be something really important all the way down. I may have to reach over and turn a thing on.
I doubt it though. Maybe it's normal.
I can't.
Waiting for the bullet in here must be something really important. Is it important? Jeff Cohen.
Jeff Cohen, not the right Jeff Cohen, no, not the political of Jeff Cohen.
No, the one with the best seats in town. Well, how come FUTSY don't have you on the thing there?
I don't know. Does anybody else say that they guarantee they have the best seats in town? Or they give their money back?
No. What is this? A free plug for Jeff Cohen again and a pizza law?
Well, I just wanted to make sure that you're able to sell my 50-50 stuff next week.
You know, I want to make sure that I'm safe. Well, it's about time. I guess you kissed him.
Yes, sir. Well, we always kissed him. It was other deals, but everything's cool.
You want a sales department at Pistomop, but he doesn't want to say it.
I'd say nothing. Only good things. Positive things happen to positive people.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. How are you doing, Neil?
I'm not here. It's mutual colegio.
I try not to go north to West Palm and the winter, man.
I'm not complaining. There's no snow on the ground. I'm doing just fine. I wouldn't come back there for all the tea in China.
Okay. Well, it's good to hear your voice. I just heard that speech and I knew somebody was talking about pizza law.
No, you heard about that guy, Jeff Cohen, that political guy, and that's where I was reading. That must have been what Duma.
Well, okay. There you go. That face is out. I hear pizza in my ears per cut.
Okay. Well, the footsy of what you know, that has he put you on there or not on his phone?
I don't know him. I've never met him. You know, so I don't really know.
I like most of the places with Dave County that he's always talking about.
Yeah. Well, let him stay there. Okay. You got it.
Okay. Take care. Neil, nice talking to you. Happy holidays.
Happy holidays. Happy good week. Stay warm. Happy Shibuya.
Okay. There's Jeff Cohen getting another one of his frequent free plugs. That was nice.
Good. 7.71. Yeah. How come you know, put pizza loft on there? Mr. Hot Shot, Futsi Tutsi.
He put all the Dave County joints on there. What's the matter? I would be single or reach Broward anymore.
We used to have big, big, gigantic numbers midday in Broward when I was on there. Futsi.
Not like two shares like you got in, man. My God.
What was his number? Do I know Jeff Cohen's?
No, not Jeff Cohen's number. Jeff Cohen don't have a show all the hits you're like to.
What happened to the thing with the fingers on it? I don't know. You tell me that had the hourly on it.
I don't know. I've got so many pages here from last Thursday when it was numbers came out.
All right. Forget about that. He had like twos and trees, Futsi. I don't know.
Midday. Midday. We had an eight. IOD isn't on the first page.
And they had a three seven most of which was rush. So like I said, he had twos and low threes.
Nice going, Futsi. You old turd, man. You old rick-a-lup turd when I read notes like Rudolph, you know?
How alien are you?
And I like rubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from jewels.
And listening to the near ro-kay, I'm gonna use the hour.
Sick high and fool.
Breaking sport hold you.
We interrupt this program. You want to hear for something that only a few sick of fans,
sport holds and management are interested in.
Health and Coach Dan Kenk and Gakhamron, John Duncan Gang, Hammered Swazie,
is only a press conference. That would progress.
We'll just have to work harder and give it a hundred percent. I'll take questions.
I've got a question. You know your stink. Why do you always answer the same way?
No. What did you do not for?
I didn't like that question. No. I'll rephrase it.
Hey, what are you doing here? I'm with Kent State Security now.
You moron. I'm going to ask you a question.
Okay. Where will sport hold stomach and don't do?
Wow. That's white smoke.
I didn't like that question either.
What? That book you're holding?
Let me see that.
Sport hold guide to fantasy dating.
I'll take this.
That's mine.
No.
I don't anymore, I don't.
Now scratch.
Wow.
Wow.
Stop it, now.
Wow.
Don't taste me, mo.
Yeah. Maybe you're right.
Put it there, chum.
Wow.
I got your chasing out.
I'll see you.
And you like it now.
I'll taste that back.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
I'll see you.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
Classical University.
Classical University.
not a member with Danny boy was going to accept that job with Wayne he was going to be the
the accepted it into a place that you know what never
yet
he was going to be the chief cook and bottle washer and he was going to be the
chief excuse maker for the unit to do the organization and then he said i
don't think so i'll go back to us he bs
i'll go there and sit with jb and shannon channel channel
a channel
that jb somebody to take a crowbar just smash him in the head
were you watching uh... what do you want to get this weekend
when uh...
marina's uh... phone one off while he was talking
now i was watching when jb lost track of what they were supposed to be
talking about
and yes to the dandy boy about the patriots uh...
chargers and and uh... dandy had a straight amount of this segment they were
going to talk about the packer giant
because he lost he lost track so dandy's phone off
he has a cell phone off which i'm a jr. rose well no the first time it was in
jr. rose but jr. was watching it
so he decided you know i just how
embarrassed and he got some of call him just to keep going
so he called another one or two more times yet while he was on the
one or two more times yet like back to back
jr. rose is cranking dandy boy on national TV
blesses boy and of course his boy
i told you they still shower together i'm telling you think i'm joking
i'm to never said that
you never said what that i thought you're joking
i'm not
you could kiss my rear end
among these sixteen days for which emails are missing from vice president
dandy's office is
september thirty
ten thousand three
the same day the justice department in the federal bureau of investigation
announced that they were investigating
who outed former c.i.a officer
valery plain wellson
that morning then white house council or albert o'villow five-guns allas
order the president of vice president staff to preserve all materials that
might be relevant to an
in-chote
justice department probe
there's another word that i had to have probably pronounced it wrong again i've
looked it up before
you know what that word means uh... no i in-chote no
i n c h o a t e
i'll do it during the break
here i don't know why that this is on the roster in the july on a nick
use words that we understand okay i'm a moron i'm a dummy
i have to be a ch o a t
right
c
how do you pronounce it
in-chote
in-chote in-chote being only partly in the center operation being what
being only partly in existence or operation
okay in other words a for-formulating now and how do you pronounce it
what about
if i have if my computer took to the board and played over the air but you know
oh yeah
in-chote
in-chote
in-chote
well they better not use that word again because you're telling me i've looked
it up before but it's one of those words i don't like
we were informed last evening by the department justice it's open
investigation to possible
unauthorized disclosure is concerning the identity of undercover c i
employee gonzalez wrote in a terse
september thirty a two thousand three email
the department advised us it'll be sitting later today
instructing us to preserve all materials that might be relevant with
investigation
it's letter will provide more specific instructions on the materials in
which it is interested in
and we will communicate those instructions directly to you so uh...
davila mom was talking about the politics politics
oh my god
in the meantime must preserve all materials that might be related to the department
investigation
was he like doing news a story news or was he like uh...
i didn't literally i got a much
turned it on
and it was all yeah i'm a truck
uh... turned it on and that was on because i was looking to the football games
driving home yesterday
yeah and
he was talking about the uh... the uh...
and i think and i made sure that i was able to month i was on a said wow
and i
change the channel
well he
i don't understand he was giving opinions and he was reading results or what
is he doing he was just saying you know he's like talking about the result of
it
i think he was like reading down what the results were he was kind of giving his
his thoughts about the result but i didn't i still really stuck around for
five seconds to hear that was him
and i switch channels
oh my god
the analysis was released over the weekend by citizens for ethics and responsibility
washington dc based ethics was thought the white house and
in a court filing last week that back up dates
which contain archive copies of the emails were recycled as part of a policy
the white house had a place until
october two thousand three
special prosecutor in jacquat rewess attorney patrick Fitzgerald convicted
vice president cheney's former chief of staff scooter liby of obstructing justice
and line to investigate his last year
Fitzgerald noted in the january two thousand six letter that some of the white
houses emails had not been archived ironically
cheney's offices missing emails from the same day
the very day that president bush total reporters he would take care of whatever
staff members that actually leaked the c.i. agents name
if there's a leak out of my administration i want to know who it is was said
September thirty two thousand three and if the person is violated the law the
personal be taken care of that be taken care of
the day before then white house press secretary scum or phone and said there was
nothing absolutely nothing to suggest any white house about the wealth nobody
cares as a problem
all i care about is who's white and who's black whose female who's the not
who's got a we miss and who doesn't
although i don't think they realize how he's got a we miss seven
eighty seven and you're poor i think this same when we go for eight hundred
all right what go over eight hundred
they do so holiday we're not even supposed to be here what is what is this deal
about we get to choose either martin luftere king day or president stay
ask the government what we do by that i'd far that i would like every business
that's how it is
president stay is like next month isn't it
it's in February and what's today i'm taking it off by the way
it's president stay whatever day it is the sunday times has obtained a document
that confirms that a file which the FBI did not existed could contain
information about american officials stealing nuclear
secrets for turkish and is really spies who would then sell the secrets to
Pakistan and Saudi Arabia oh my god
earlier FBI whistleblower cybalt admins thirty seven
approach the times about explosive communication she discovered between
high-up american officials and turkish and is really spies
a freedom of information requested the FBI was answered with a claim that
the case number didn't exist i can tell you that the file and the
operations that refers to did exist from nineteen ninety six to
February two thousand two says admins i wonder if she's keen to harness driver
randy admins probably not one high-ranking official identified by
rostories larycia alexand rova as mark grossman
and faster to turkey from ninety four ninety seven grossman is said to have
warned his co-hards not to do business with bruster gennings a front company set
up by the cia bruster gennings result also also the employer of cia operative
valory plane who's covered with grossman self was blown in what is widely
believed a political hit job by the busher administration
honor husband joe wilson
i don't like that
a file with the FBI tonight even existed
well not that your government would like you i want you to understand that
like that jerk that called how come you're so cynical now
haha i'm cynical right monday february eighteen
his president's day see everyone's thing to say about that
oh right
maybe by that time apaco taco have all his is a permanent resident card will
get on a slow boat to turn that's a good art joke
he's never been anywhere
been a Toronto and Mexico and that's it
i'm very exciting you know i mean nothing wrong with Toronto and maybe there's
nothing wrong with Mexico but i'm not going to find out
you have any desire to go to Mexico i've been there i was uh okay
hi you've been there yeah i'm cruises because on cruises you go on cruises
oh my god what's the uh cruise business
what my god works in the cruise business never had a bad cruise
you dad works in the cruise business yep is he
responsible for all those dead bodies that they find out no no no you just uh
books the people have another book and we got on the pool seven ninety i think
that jewel fineberg's responsible for that and one is the article about the
fall rating book coming out very jackass when you're going to get off your
lower horse and figure out a way to put it in there without making you look
like the guys across the street sucked wind okay
a bit the big one that's exactly what they did they bit the big one across the
street your buddy jewel fineberg and stick it to the ticket which is
exactly what we did when you right now article very
i'm sure it's getting on it right now i'm sure very uh doesn't need to buy
below need to put in his sandwich that's his speciality
seven ninety who's most electable Barack Obama 264 switlery 241 only 20
people separate them neither one two seventeen and i don't care
sixty eight i should but i don't mind i don't think
you're the biggest leader of some best talent
you're the real Roger sports idea five sixty qa m
the force leader
flexible but if you walk into control of the senior rogers
it appears as though you should have wheels at both sides of this chair okay
i mean he's sitting there like crouch down
he's so forceful in the radio and he's such a little like if he doesn't have a
bodyguar with he leaves the radio station good luck to him
wake up in the morning and the breath smells bad
your hairs are wrecked and your eyes are all cloudy in the cat
took a squat in the sink
getting your car and the streets are crowded
the traffic's a hassle and the bridge is up
get a flat tire and you run out of gas
oh it's just another day
oh it's just another day
it's just another day
i wish would end
you're walking the work and your bosses are brouch
the workers are losers the copy refuse us to work
and you don't get your raise
you get off the work and the streets are still crowded
the traffic's a hassle and the bridge is still up
again to a wreck with the church fuss and the nuns are bleeding from their ears
oh it's just another day
it's just another day
it's just another day
i wish would end
absolutely
to get home from work and the house is a disaster
the kids are all scream and then the garbage needs to be taken out
your smellmends calone and it's definitely not yours
so you start drinking early to forget all your problems
and soon your plaster is thrown up in the bowl while the men's room is doing 360s around you
and your tool and then big chunk lands in your hair
yeah
oh it's just another day
it's just another day
it's just another day
i wish would end
so you're lost in confusion you stumble about
wondering why you were born in such a stinkin' hell hole that you call life
so you look for your gun
and your hope is still loaded and you aim it at your head and you slowly pull the trigger and
all right
1220 at 560 WDQ and that would be a good idea for very uh... jackfork
say bury get with it already we're pleased
it's gonna start getting pretty embarrassing as the days go by and you have written words since
you're supposed to be the big the big mouthpiece for the two sports radio stations
that's your whole life revolves around that especially the one across the street and Joel
Feinberg maybe Joel didn't give them the numbers
maybe Joel was busy beating up his girlfriend or beating up Barry's mom one of the other
who's more like the book of eight or six other pull
and barrack is twenty ahead of swallery two sixty eight two forty eight
neither one to twenty one i don't care sixty nine
inappropriate number i don't care
i was put a choice like that on there because we have a certain element of people out there no matter what it is
are you gonna get up tomorrow morning and be alive i don't care
like that you know i mean uh... they refuse to care
cubans
uh... that is cubans in cuba as opposed to south Florida
cubans ratified a slight of parliament we candidates yesterday including
fidel Castro the ailing 81 year old leader has been seen in public for nearly
eighteen months
only one choice appeared for each post-industrial across the country there was no
campaigning the communist party is the only one allowed but the government says
membership is not a prerequisite for the parliament that rubber stamps official
party policy still cubans lined before dawn a cast of ballots
so eight point four million voters were being asked to back six hundred fourteen
top communist career politicians musicians and athletes for posting legislation
known as the national assembly preliminary results expected to be announced
this afternoon Castro cubans unchallenged maximum leader since nineteen fifty
nine provisionally seated power in july two thousand six following emergency
and testable surgery and is still recovering
Castro is dead on always not but is remained here to the council estate the
alins governing body and re-electing department from Santiago in eastern cuba
makes him eligible to be named to the post again
candidates lose if they don't get more than fifty percent of the vote although
national assembly officials don't remember that happening since cubans began
voting for parliament in nineteen ninety three
there's only one name for each post on the ballot how do you get less than
fifty percent if they vote uh... someone else
i see right in
Castro's younger or they vote for somebody else
Castro's younger brother Raul who's been governing during fidel's illness
announced that the new parliament will meet from twenty four to declare a new
council estate the other castors were unopposed in uh... for his council head
and past parliament votes but Raul didn't say whether he would be a named
council leader or retire retire for now retire
we have to face different situations and great decisions he said in other words
but a bit but a boob
among those seeking your lesson was national assembly president
Ricardo Alarco and who has said for months he'll
vote to keep fidel castors out of the council estate
you have no doubt that he's ready alarco until reporters
he's in a position to continue that job and the best majority of people be more
unhappy about that myself included he said
communist the communist the communist the
communist the
they said i'll be a mom be communist the
u.s government opposition leaders dismiss the election as a sham
and say be ported turn out to be the default sense of unity
and
i was a word again in into it
no it's not in show that's the way i said it's not right
i got i got a back to it
god i see you can't remember how to say because it's not a word that anybody
ever sees or says nobody ever says that word
both of them uh... uncle that uncle word
uncle
yeah one for me the day that we found
what are you talking about that we're saying uh... that's in the uh...
song about joe bill
uncle about uh... uh... not uncle
it's uncle like or something like that no yeah like uh... uh...
i'll think of it
but i'm gonna have to pay the damn thing and sweat's way toward the elast
the ass end of the
uh... off the ground
the most
go with the hang from trees and play banjo
a bunch of
a bunch of that's a thank you i don't want to hear that uh... i'm gonna have
you know
kill some times a bunch of who told you that
nobody
you just came back to your mind
micro seven-year text message saying so that would be the one killer in your
ratchets
self-going back to the message
the state department said Friday elections are not a break with past practice in
Cuba and don't represent a real opportunity for the islanders to decide for
themselves how about whom they'll be covered the islanders
they're skating on the ice baby
now about those leaves out there false and security
they went through the road and right there in New Jersey yesterday
what are they doing plan on a Saturday night than a Sunday afternoon
the human government counters that it's valid is more democratic than most
because those running are chosen by municipal leaders nominated during neighborhood
gatherings
looking at the u.s. it seems more like a popularity contest in lexan said
vice president carls loggy
these are elections without politics without fraud without money
or propaganda campaigns and lexans that are based on merit and without opposition
to us should add
at 56 loggy is one of the company's youngest top leaders often mentioned as a
third success at a cubist presidency after fidel and ral Castro what about
hymen Roth
what is he chopped liver what about johnny ola
fidel Castro said in the note read on state tv that he voted after electoral
officials brought a special ballot to the undisclosed location where he's
recuperating
somebody knows but it's a secret okay just like when hymen
Roth was recuperating the hospital
remember that when the bodyguard when the bodyguard came to take care of him with
the pillow and all of a sudden but i'm big
i guess the pillow didn't stop the bullet no i could be wrong about that it's
just a guess anyway so that's the deal Castro there are there all
voting in the communist is again in cuba
so you ought to kiss the ground that we have these wonderful elections in
america and although the one thing he did say is true it's a
popularity contest
got some very very pressing unbelievable issues and is the most people care no
no who looks the best which one is a woman which one is white which one is
dark which one is too dark which one is you know
that poll we took last friday for the weekend i think that hit it right on the
head eight and a half percent of this is too
audience said they wouldn't vote for obama because he's too dark
i don't want him you can have him he's too dark for me
so they said thank you for the best out
you know his new projects
435 60 QAM
the fourth leader
six tan w i o d south florida's information and sports authority
and welcome back everybody i'm sandy paton and we are delighted to have in the
studio this morning the number one radio broadcaster in the country
oh good morning americans it's Paul Harvey
stand by for news 35 year old j charles miller has been struggling for years with a
minimum wage job the toothless factory worker from muskiki will suffer no more
the one i'd man won the power ball lottery for the tune of two hundred million dollars i'll say it
again two hundred million dollars his wife
valma wanted to do something nice to show her love she went to the store and purchased a pair of
crotchless panties when she heard her husband come through the door she yelled come in here jay
get yourself some of this when j charles open the door and saw his wife spread
eagle on the bed he shouted in horror i don't want any of that he said look what it did
here underwear Paul Harvey good day good day 1232 at 560 never to qa and we got the
credits for jacks no we have a late change i like changing lineup oh no oh my god
what is that it'll be your boy kimba
my boy oh kimba see and what happened occurs is he also taken the day out all of a sudden is he
like looking for racial harmony i'm Martin Luther King day he wants it a off i do not know i just
like oh we have a late change so right in the coming there and tell us about it well he was busy
um doing something else i guess since i'm here to try to warn the audience i mean uh notified the
audience about these things and promote the lineup the rest of the day which i do and spider
these unpleasant circumstances in which we're working by the way i saw christ a mires with some
other games yesterday on the sideline i think it was the green bay game poor guy and you know christ
yeah from uh whatever yeah he's been on the fox and stuff like that when i went to work in this
market and wk 18 1976 christ mires was like a punk who was sunny herses understudying the sports
department and look at him now and sunny being one of the laziest people i've ever worked with while
resting peace i mean he's dead but yeah a good guy he's just lazy and so a lot of days when he
didn't feel like doing the show he'd just call chris and chris mires would do the show
how do you like that not too savvy now you want me to give you a one word description of a chris
mires sure and in those days i mean it's a long time ago puts puts oh well and i'll tell you
who else now do you know craigsager yes when i was uh the 1973 was the wspb in serisota he was the
four i believe it was when i quit my job because uh they just it was a technical disaster if
sish was a joke i was the pd and we were the the turn tables were like too slow when an engineer who
was like a retard and he had one of these i don't know do you remember anything about turn
tables yeah and they used to have these discs that they would put on there to see if the
turn table was playing at the right speed you know and in any rate and he insisted even that you
could hear i mean you didn't have to have some kind of a gizmo to tell that it was
replying too slow yeah when you put it on here it'll be free we write Karen Carpenter was saying
rainy days and Monday it's too slow man no it's not i just put my gizmo on there and it looks
just fine to me many days and Monday and so i quit anyway i was invited to a Thanksgiving dinner
that day and craigsager sausons serisota with this whole family when i nice lots of that and
now christmire is their nation wide worldwide during a conference championship games on whatever
the hell they were on the networks and craigsager is some big shot of one of the sports networks
that you see once in a while on national tv and i'm working for joe bell look at all these
fields we had under you yeah so to speak oh no there you go again with that oh both ugly guys
but that's okay a Dallas minister who marks with slain civil rights leader martin luther king
june you said today's birthday observance holiday is an insult to his legacy the reverend peter johnson
62 is never done it oh huh the reverend peter johnson directly texted operations for the southern
christian leadership conference told the Dallas morning news the holiday should be April four
the anniversary of the day that the back of this minister was assassinated we've ignored the
essence of his life in the horror of his death johnson said we've allowed white america to escape
the guilt of his assassination and we've allowed black america to drift back into a coma
white america was supposed to have the guilt of his assassination what does that mean i didn't
realize everybody killed him we all killed him we all lined up there although i don't think it was
James Earl Ray but he's dead now we never know just like the thing with the sir hands or hand
anybody think he had like eighty bullets and have one gun i doubted uh-huh and just like Lee Harvey
Oswald how's Jack ruby doing he's hanging out with Dorothy kill gallon johnson said king is
considered a martyr by many people but if the civil rights leader were alive he'd be considered
and agitated by many others the newspaper said we remember him with parades and gales and
bankwoods things that are really irrelevant and silly regarding dr king's legacy he said if we
really want to honor dr king we should do something about people live under bridges that would be a
great tribute well guess what peter we don't want to really honor anybody all we want is a day off
that's america for you we want another holiday baby we want another day off and that what it's all
of course i mean this is not a holiday though where people go out and get drunk although maybe some
like Josh court is so probably going to get drunk tonight i thought all holidays were for that yeah
for the july labor day all these holidays now just another day off or more another day go uh
you know get drunk just another excuse to party
yeah
thong cox is still dead by the way i can't get over it i've worked with so many people who are you
know in a round and about and whatever now dead and you're still hailing berk is still dead
charlie capis still dead jerry witchner's still dead jerry Williams i was thinking about this yesterday
i don't know why i guess because they were playing in the wingland there was some guy there who
looked just like jerry Williams he was in the booth there with the what's his name the
bob craft now there's an owner bob craft i don't want to make any comparisons or anything like that
but there is an owner man who has given that community a you know a great stadium a great team a
great coach a great quarterback a great uh seven years four times in seven years to the superbowl
and what's the last time that the dolphins were in the superbowl 84 am i right
yee i believe that's right yeah but uh i'm not gonna blame wane for that he's tried
i did i say that now you're putting words in my mouth now you're trying to draw uh you're trying to
run a thing well when you're saying that there's a great owner you know what's the time the dolphins
were in the superbowl it's like you're saying you know it's all wains fault which it sounds like i
didn't say it was all his fault oh okay just mostly oh okay eight thirty four on a pool just
partly okay i'm i'm not gonna give you like percentages is it forty percent his fault is it
well who knows i don't know thirty two points that's who makes the decisions who
hires the coaches in the general mangers who hires the scouts who hires all of these people
who puts them on the payroll who is more electable eight hundred thirty four votes boy this is tight
Barack Obama 277 Hillary Clinton 258 19 votes separate him tight just like the Nevada primary
just like no hamster Nevada caucus any any state that wants to look caucus all the people
ought to be executed okay who go along with that idea it's a bad it's just stupid is what it is
stupid and these people in the media all this is a real exercise in democracy no if not
it exercises democracy is what everybody is allowed to vote and all this crap about these
crossed over the states where they allow crossovers the whole concept of primary is that the
political parties are selecting their nominees the candidates for president so the idea that the
democrats are left the independence of republicans help make the choice or vice versa
is stupid because a lot of times people from the other party go in those states and they
and they vote to support a candidate they think will be the easiest to beat him i write you bet
you bet your sweet ass it's like if if i could have selected who won the packer giants game yesterday
i'll pick the giants thank you because i still think Eli Manning's a joke
he just oh i'm gonna beat your boys you look at him what
you heard me he's gonna be a 14 point underdogs the giants okay uh-huh and i will say this i
felt i felt bad for that field goal kicker oh the young one yeah tom he's ugly tom coffling the
coach of the giants who to me is one of the most goofy he reminds me of who's the bills coach
now yeah oh wow he looks just like him he never got that
i forgot i got you wrong that's it he's always got that deer in the headlights look on his face
oh what happened oh shmit you know like like that and when he missed that second fuel i mean
there was a bad snatch it wasn't his fault but he didn't just pull that to the left i mean he
just kicked it like to the sideline you know like almost it in the coach's face and he comes back
to the bench you know jeez if you tell he was like bitching him out come on butch it up a little
bit and then he kicked that long field goal to win a game there and he ended over time that's
right tom coffling he's like yeah i think he knows father carla a 39 in a pool we're pushing for
900 today even on a hundred we can do it we'll see then they were here
projects 435 6QAM
the sports leader public baby only in my hand sorry operator air
i was screaming you know we don't want to play through that joyous noise
another move on the monitor
my and he has a dolphin still the worst football team the way they played this season made everybody scream
it seems to me that losing as always been their goal and every game they play and should be called
the stuper pole and there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how many
teams in the league that he took Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins if you're their fandals in the blues
the dolphins had them tamper and one thing that i learned he had the fans all wishing that next
statement would return there's if you think he's a winner then you have lost your mind the next
thing he'll be coaching is beyond employment line and there Miami Dolphins you fail Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number how many teams in the league that's third man Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins
there's something you scrape off your shoes that's a looming
the dolphins have gone back a rookie quarterback if you think he's the answer you must be smoking crack
you know they could have gotten someone good like Brady Quinn the way they waste their
drafts it's nothing for us in the mirror Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how many
teams in the league that's it Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins they're talent scouts don't have a clue
the dolphins games are boring when they're on the radio and everyone was put to sleep by Jimmy
Sepulow when he is calling play by play it's the same old tooth and just so mandish had a job on
Sunday afternoon but they're all right Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number how many
teams in the league that's what it do Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins I hear the fans begin the snooze
I sing up on the dolphins he's hired Bill Parsel and I don't have to tell you the way that
tuna smells makes they know solve their problems I wish him lots of luck no matter what he tries to do
the two will always suck in there the Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins Miami Dolphins number
I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying I'm here
1240 to get a 560 WC away and so we got boat camper or kimba boat camper from 2 to 4 to 7
the relay lineup change okay sorry believe me when I tell you sorry 869 votes and you're poor I think
we got 900 left all right or fact you know something what we could I think we're a little more
enthusiasm from you but you know it's a holiday yeah well you know we could have made a thousand of
we won't but we could have well I tried but you know you tried what to say we can get a thousand
but someone said no yeah but you didn't try to motivate them to vote you can tell me any kind of
crap you want I'm not I can only vote once let's go people tell us what is that 71 minutes let's go
you're gonna get 131 votes in 71 minutes that's 1.8 a minute we can do it let's go people
not gonna happen the Scottish government is considering asking the US to rethink its ban on
Haggis imports you know what that is oh yeah like sheep's and tattoos or something like that
imports of Scotland's iconic dish were banned by the US in 1989 and wake of the BSE
scare because it contains awful ingredients such as sheeploon that's not is that awful or awful
here we go with another word I know what it is it's the entrails of an animal
awful I left a fail no I think awful is good such as sheep's lungs only an awful preversion of
Haggis is available in the USA the move would be backed by renowned Haggis maker Mech Swine which
believes the American market would be a very lucrative one oh yeah give me some sheep's lungs now
a Scottish government spokeswoman said it'll consider engaging the US government on its
Haggis export ban if there's popular support for such a move from within our world famous
Haggis producers that's what the Scottish are known for golf kilt and Haggis oh god oh my god
Joe McSween co-director of Family Co-Company McSween since you hope to see the ban overturned
the market is massive because there are so many expats scots there and once Americans try a good
quality Haggis they can't get enough of it she added that this is traditionally served with
what the dish is traditionally served with neeps and tatties on Burns night say what
I don't understand anything in that sentence except the first few words it is traditionally served
with neeps and tatties on Burns night and it usually contains ingredients such as sheep's lungs
liver and heart minced with onion it is boiled in the animal stomach
yeah a spokeswoman for the and I'm doing this right in the middle lunch hour apologize sorry
spokesman for the department of agriculture said we don't allow importation because of the UK's
BSE status plus who wants to eat that direct anyway sounds awfully trache to me
sheep are susceptible to TSEs and must the US takes precautions on importing these
rumenants from BSE effective countries however a spokesman for Britain's food standards
agency said we see no reason for all my people can't eat Haggis safely so long as manufacturers
follow hygiene legislation we have the strictest BSE control oh my god the brits now I understand
what they all look like they need the schmitz and I haven't had any long time like the queen you think
the queen takes a world dump every now and then I doubt it I really doubt it I'm pretty sure
that a B.M. in 25 years at least minimum and Prince Philip oh my god talk about a constipated look
you ever see him of course you ever notice how he's always got that same look on his
pus I thought they all do yeah I'm pretty much but he's he's he exaggerates it
because he's got to put up with that nasty spoiled bitch that brat oh I'm the queen now I'm the queen
I'm a queen though and I don't run around bragging about it you sure 892 on the pool like I said
man if you're 896 look at that see the comedy what they're coming in in the environment around
us now he's referring to the squabble over Martin Luther King's impact on history that he did
up the race between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton needless rhetoric says one senior New York leader
as we look you know Dr. King's legacy and the people like Barack Obama people like me I'm
elected official you know second African American elected official in New York City's history
there's Dr. King's legacy and his shoulders that I stand on so many others around the country now
let me ask you this question when when is the Bobby Kennedy day oh well you know here in
president so did Martin Luther King become president all because they shot him first so he didn't get to
and man what about Bobby Kennedy well see I hate to break the news to you mister I don't know my
history Martin Luther King never ran for president I know that I was back in that day there's no
chance in the black man like but Bobby Kennedy was running for president when he got assassinated in LA
see we have enough holidays let's read it and what about JFK day when we have that that's all
presidents day I mentioned the South they'd like to have a George Wallis day I'll guarantee you that
and maybe in Taylor Michigan they'd like to have one eight ninety six four we're gonna have
nine hundred and two shakes of a lamestail now maybe I do have time to read this now I don't
think so the murky toll of the Iraq war by John Turmin and the Boston Globe I don't have time
right now in Frank rich Ronald Reagan is still dead which is a good thing by the way
oh I do have time for this well I got a huge pile here you want to know why why why why
wonder why I make sure I have a huge pile every day because I do my homeworks and I make
damn sure I got a whole bunch of good stuff that people might just be interested in maybe not I
don't know I thought it's because you didn't want to take calls that that's what I was getting
to because I know damn well I'm not taking any calls democratic presidential candidate Barack
Obama said this weekend that this campaign would give charities $40,000 in donations linked to
his former friend and fundraiser Tony Resko as Chicago business band is pleaded not guilty to
federal influence peddling and bank fraud charges Obama already has divested more than 44 grand in
rescue affiliated donations during last year but Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton said the
campaign was made a comprehensive it did make a comprehensive review of donations affiliated with
the rescue and found some we'd feel more comfortable not having we don't want the money we don't
Burton pointed out that other presidential campaigns have dispose of questionable funds but
added are consistent practice in these circumstances to give the funds to charity out of an
abundance of caution Obama's not been accused of any wrong doing and Burton said Obama had no
reason to suspect at the time that the donations might be linked to allegations of impropriety
Obama in the campaign haven't been questioned by federal agents investigating Resko Burton said
Burton said the new divestments were prompted by published report Saturday that $1,000 donation
to Obama's 2004 US Senate campaign came from a fraud scheme that Resko is accused of devising
not that there's crux around when there's politics you know I'm saying not there's a bunch of
crux around like Jack Abramoffer like that I should probably play that again I should have played
every hour on it because I don't have Abraham Martin and John you know by Dion if I did I would
play it but you know but that's the closest I got I got this by Dion
you know you know you told rich you told the bad
him but it's all in any any total mother tell her rather to don't stop me talk I'm gonna tell
everything I know the best talent you know is the largest sports
5.60 QAM
the sports leader
hello since he res me there has won Natasha and I know you'll have to look for motion square
instead we listen to the near-roger's fair and balanced one to two hour
the bulls app closed here in New Hampshire we have some numbers now in my huckabee in third
with 12 percent sir my cuckabee finished third in the New Hampshire primaries although we finished
first in Iowa due to his evangelical support there now why would evangelicals like yourself
hope for my cuckabee I want to change the atmosphere over my nation and make a difference
where glory is present oh yeah thanks and why did you vote for Senator Huckabee because he
verified he justified because he pounded I was messed up okay thanks for that um sir talk to me
one print an episode that you ever committed is instantly forget and one prayer can save you
one print that is so cool I'm gonna go rob a bank and then say a prayer sir over there um why
did you vote for Senator Huckabee his place his place his role for my his place his place his place
his two you got a quick statement on the mic okay it's 101 that's what we got we got a race war
we got a religion war we got two big wars going on in America but the media doesn't want to put it
in those terms because that would be bad it would be too honest too too too too an agenda war too
and an age war we got four wars going on we got the war between them and the women we got the
war between the old and the young we got the war between the blacks and the uh anybody who
isn't black and what's the other one what I leave on and we got the war between the gays keys
the religious biggest and the rest of us who just want to leave everybody alone just leave us alone
oh but you have to believe I don't want to okay I don't want to wear a skirt huh did I ever
tell you what that I don't want to think came from I don't think I ever told us on the air
to my Georgian third today well I'll tell the gina moron remind me okay so I don't know many
years ago uh I met my mother's for lunch I'm one of those infamous Tuesdays and she's telling
me a story about her niece my cousin I don't want to mention her name on here but it's embarrassing
but she was always kind of like a little bit of a retard can I say that like a little
little little little you know not that too bright mentally challenged yeah well yeah that's a good
way to put in she married a guy who's also mentally challenged and so their kids are like
really said anyway so my mother had deboned on the phone earlier that day with her sister one of
and my aunt said to her oh talk to your aunt Milly she's on a phone
and my cousin's response was I don't want to
and a phrase was born right and I'm pretty loud enough of course that my mother could hear it my
mother was a hundred years old at the time see I exaggerate but in her case she almost made it she
made it to 91 I used to tell her 90s old enough and then she made it to died under 91st birthday
just to prove I was wrong that's what a heartache she was I show you a thing or two mister
else she made it to 91 just to prove that 90 wasn't old enough but nevertheless I don't want
isn't that the we're it's kind of reflective of the mentality you're dealing there with
in for the room guess what because of me because I put the big push on here for you
they're coming through 934 hope we need only one point to a minute in the next 57 minutes to get
to a thousand votes if we can do that on a holiday and this is a holiday for a lot of people not
for everybody because there are a lot of people who won't give it off because they're just bigots
they won't give it today on all of it isn't like federal law correct they have to be either this one
or or president's day oh there's my couple very hungry for his courage and his moral clarity on
this issue you know I shuttered a thing for this country I shuttered a thing what would happen if
they let you anywhere near the White House that's what I shuttered a thing you far bison man you
are scary he is really a scary I wonder how many Confederate flags he's got under his bed
once again the controversy is erupted over how many people are being killed in Iraq it's an
important debate not only for beleaguered Iraqis but for mercenacity stability and a timely exit this
is an article I keep trending to read the murky toll of the Iraq war and the Boston Globe by John
Sherman mortality figures alone can tell a compelling story add to that other numbers that
fill in our understanding even more such as the scale of the flow of refugees that the women
widowed by the war and we have useful information so what are these statistics and what do they
tell us about this nearly five-year-old conflict two kinds of accounts have emerged on the question
mortality one is a literal count body by body from reports in english language press because the
media mostly based in Baghdad cannot grasp most of the violence this is an undercount now about 84
thousand even by the reckoning of his authors the UK based Iraq body count the second method is
go out and ask the question in surveys of randomly selected households this has been done five
times under very dangerous situations surveys of this kind during the war relatively new in his
result it's not surprising that the numbers they produced are very but there is significant
congruence the surveys agreed that mortality is much higher than is typically held in political
discussions about Iraq the highest figure from opinion business research a private survey firm in
London is 1.2 million through august 2007 it's also the most recent 1.2 million thank you mr
president for all those data raki civilians and those low gas prices and that's strong american
dollar and the economy going to hell on a hand basket thank you so much you butcher you lunatic
about 15 months ago survey commissioned by my center meaning John termin at MIT and published
in the Lancet fund that 600 one thousand had died by violence through June 2006 this figure is
created a firestormer criticism but the methods are sound and only many peer reviews found
integrate anything greatly amiss one re-calculation brought the death by death violence totaled
out of 450 thousand what a bargain then last week your ex-ministerium health released its large
survey also ending in June 2006 finding that 151 thousand died by violence but their data table
showing enormous excess death total nearly 400 thousand caused by the war and especially flat
rate of violence throughout the war because the interviewers work for the government slightly
that many respondents attribute to deaths to the nonviolent causes in order to protect themselves
from unwanted attention what is to make of all of this the first conclusion is that hundreds
of thousands of people have died as a result of the war this seems incontrovertible it is
butchers by the large number of displaced some three to three and a half million caused by the war
and reported total of 500 thousand war widows the second conclusion which helps us understand
the violence is that such a human catastrophe accounts for the insurgency in ways that no other
explanation does whatever one makes of these insurgences they appear to be fighting to
bend their towns and tribes apart from al-Qaeda's foreign operation violence begins violence especially
when foreigners are involved the third conclusion is that a recidivistation runs deep and wide
kind of like your a generation of young men is being wiped out most of the educated have left
the poverty of widespread widowhood may become chronic the health care system is in
shambles neighborhoods and towns ethnically cleansed means long lasting displacement for tens of
thousands the humanitarian humanitarian aid challenges vast and will last for many many years
how this affects U.S. strategy is complex of course but two things stand out first is that
strategies to reduce violence against civilians and when crese economic and physical security are
paramount U.S. leaders seem to grasp this but their actions arming Sunni militias for example
may prove foolhardy second irracian neighbors must be part of the solution given the scale of
misery president bush has never embraced this idea but it seems more and more obvious as the
as the word drags on yet on bush's recent trip to the region irrac was nearly absent from
his agenda the lessons from the killing fields and refugees in widows won't go away the sooner we
fully realize the scale of this catastrophe the better we may be to work on reconstructed remedies
john termins executive director and principal research scientists and MIT's center for international
studies and he wrote that for the Boston Globe Boston Globe or the Patriots play
out
night eighteen oh never been done before and i'm sure that people like to bring them in others
some of those hardasses who are living in the past oh well they still have yet to win the big one
they got approval i guess what they won the big one three times in the last six years
you might write about that even a hardass like you has to admit that's correct yeah
i think they have anything else to prove and of course the giants well
who knows who knows what evil lurks in irracona
no snow here that's a good news let me take a look and see what that temperature is because i
don't cast on i was listening it's it's coq what was the word used
compelling captivating captivating rated minus eight it's really great but tomorrow all the way
up to plus one not too bad a you're gonna have a laugh what kind of a heat wave are you gonna
be able to handle yeah i don't know nine forty six i'll tell you one thing because i've got my
the base board heating on and the regular the central heat on in here the last 24 hours
because it's just freezing out there and i can't i just that's above but the only thing i can say
about living up north i can't stand i can deal with the cold the snow the ice i don't like the ice
but the indoor heat man i literally just dries out your nasal passages and your whole brain is
like you know your brain is like a lump of of prunes you know what i mean yep from the indoor
heat not good nine forty six boy they're coming not only they're coming through
we are just kicking big smelly ass on here this hour i don't know why maybe they all will
go i doubt it but maybe they like you a lot yeah they like but they feel sorry for me it's pity
that that's it they feel sorry for you especially today we don't have georgia to defend you against
my obnoxious succumbents it's all good i'm a big boy nine fifty one and a pool man they're coming
in and big fat chunks we only eat one a minute we have fifty uh minutes for forty nine votes
i'll pull you we can do wow well i mean this is such an easy pull how can you not have an opinion
i realize it's it's not an easy choice that's why it's neck and neck knows to know that's why
swallery is only seventeen points behind Barack Obama because it's not easy to figure out well
women have a better chance or a black man what do you think you know i'm i don't know because it's
are you ambivalent i don't know let's try to wrap up with that word man yeah you do in other words
you can't decide you're like see i think for rock should be an is a good boy i think
for rock but that's not running no brock and i think you can do it it's unfortunately it's like
like the the pole said he's too dark for me you know i think there's going to be too many people out
there that have that idea in that yeah really good i don't think for us going to do it
brack though on the other hand i think it's got a hell of a shot i mean you watch her and there's
the debate tonight in south kirlana and you watch her and then you watch him and he's articulate
he's inspirational he's intelligent he's like you know and she's like just a whiny bitch
am i right yeah sure she's real and then that routine she put on there with that i wouldn't
escort and the two oh i've had so many opportunities for america i just don't want us to slip back
don't want us to slip back we already have slip back and you've been part of the problem honey
slip back or she forgets about those votes in order to fund a war and all the sudden she forgets
about all these things that's right don't make any noise because baba he's out there running around
pointing a finger he made loose some of his blackness before this whole campaign is over
three young biggest names of fast down for two his male Rogers 42560
you think he's seven me kiss him or his leader roger god
Chelsea victoria clinton arrived three weeks early on february 27th 1980 at 11 24 pm
while i was recovering bill would put his foot on my throat yank me by my hair and say
woman don't spoil her i said okay
Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy that sealed the decision for bill
i didn't know whether to laugh or cry but even more frightening at the age of 15
Chelsea had come back to haunt us she escaped and returned home only to be sold again to a
whorehouse who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them
me Hillary rotting clinton Chelsea said come on mom don't do it oh yeah right i said
looking like a dazed boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring she leaned toward me
and whispered in my ear you bitch all right 117 always like that Chelsea not i don't know
i'll not see her hair straight i'm a little bit she don't look as freaky as she used to
that's just looking too badly yeah she looks almost human 964 on chris's pole wow that's right
what i was putting on over there i told you we'd make that doesn't we got a lean on it it's a
holiday man got a push it again push it hard frank riches Ronald Reagan is still dead i say thank god
contemplating the clinton obama racial war some republicans were so excited you had thought
Ronald Reagan had risen from the dead to slap around a welfare deadbeat never mind that the GOP
is running on empty with no ideas beyond the incessant repetition of Reagan's name a battle
overracing gender identity politics among the democrats with its acquittance from the 1960s
might just be the spark for republican comeback as long as the GOP's own identity politics over
religion don't flare up alas these hopes faded on Tuesday night first the debating democrats declared
a truce however fragile in their racial brawl then republicans in michigan reconstituted their
party selection your chaos by temporarily revivifying yet another candidate mid-roman who had been left
for dead the playing of the race card by Hilbert clinton surrogates to the michigan barack obama was
sinister but the clinton's are hardly bigots and the democratic candidates all have a history
of fighting strenuously for inclusiveness by contrast the romney victory michigan is another
reminder of how republicans aren't even playing in the same multi-racial american sandbox
the conservatives who have prevented about the democrats' explosion of identity politics seem
to forget that mr. romney also dragged Reverend Martin Luther King Jr. into this campaign claiming
that he saw his father a civil rights minded governor of michigan march with king in the 1960s
the point of it romney's invocation of the race card was to inoculate himself against legitimate
charges of racial insensitivity he had never spoken out about his own churches discrimination
against blacks which didn't end until 1978 instead the tactic ended up backfiring late last month
the boston phoenix exposed this touching antidote anecdotes of fraud George romney and king never
marched together i don't mean to pick on mid-roman though heaven knows it's a thriving national pastime
but his retro persona exemplifies much of the president republican dilemma it's not just that the
old ragan coalition economic and foreign policy conservatives is fractured a more indelible problem
for the republicans in two thousand eightes that their candidates are utterly segregated for me only
as it is lived by the overwhelming majority of their fellow americans one moment please uh-huh
might have to send a message okay as long as everything's okay with it why as long as everything's
okay everything is great i just have a very important message to send here to well you know it's a
holiday isn't it uh-huh i don't mean to pick on mid-roman these is a frank rich though heaven
knows it's a thriving national pastime but his retro persona exemplifies much of the president
republican dilemma it's not just that the old ragan coalition of social economic and foreign
policy conservatives has fractured a more indelible problem for the republicans in two thousand eight
is that their candidates are utterly segregated for me only as it is lived by the overwhelming
majority of their fellow americans the gop presidential feels like a demographic demographic
diversity by age gender ethnicity or even wardrobe little on race is simply leading indicator of
how auto touch its brand has become mr. Ramney's victory in Michigan was most of all powered by a
lie for more egregious than his bogey's appropriation of king in a state decimated by unemployment
he posed before auto plants like an incongruously well-groomed Michael Moore vowing to fight to bring
back every lost job his plan he'd scrap the modest new fuel efficiency standard passed with
rare bipartisan unity in Washington last month and give you through a twenty billion dollar fund
for energy research not to be confused he claimed with a bailout it's a poignant measure of
Michigan's despair is that some voters will them self to believe in mr. Ramney's
preposterous antidote to the decades-long erosion of the american art industry it's a farcical
measure of how little the other republicans have to say about the nation's economic crunch
and mr. Ramney's con job could pass for substance this is long by the way okay so if you get
bored go to sleep okay whatever the merits of the democratic candidates take on our physical
crisis at least they saw the crisis coming the mr. Ramney officially kicked off his president
presidential candidacy in Michigan he started grandstanding about the misery in that state only
after all his other campaign strategies had failed and he needed a hail Mary marketing gimmick
it is announcement speech in gearedborne last February the loan economy he mentioned was the
fuel economy of the ramblers his father manufactured at american voters in a distant past
a manuelist deram these rivals might hook up he might hook up he alone made an affinity for
economically struck the americans his calling card unfortunately hookonomics is more snake oil
all federal taxes would be replaced by national sales tax that despite its or well-earned name
the fair tax would shift more of the burden to middle and low-come americans for the other
republicans the downturn has been an occasion to recycle the mindless what me worry optimists of
the pre-1929 GOP presidents and Wall Street potentates since relegated to a nation's dustbin
when Maria Barclay Romo moderating a CNBC Republican debate in October as the candidates
of the nation was heading into recession Fred Thompson found no reason to think so and pronounced
both the near and long-term economic future rosy Rudy Giuliani extolled the glories of freedom
in the market before promising that the skies the limit even the White House half hardly ignores
the home mortgage fee asco head of this crew instead the Republican candidates have largely
clung to illegal immigration is domestic crisis number one to no particular point beyond alienating
his panic voters the election is more than nine months away and already this obsession is blowing
up on the GOP's face with non-Hispanic voters too far from proving the killer app of 2008
illegal immigration is evaporating as an asional cause in the nearly identical findings of
New York Times CBS news and ABC news watch in post-Bulls this month it ranks near the bottom
a top issue for a mere four to five percent of voters and of course Lou Doves the economy
a toyed to 29 percent leads in both surveys closely followed by the total of those picking
some variant of war in Iraq as if it weren't crazy enough for republicans to lash themselves
to the listing rise to immigration there are non-flares on the issues that do matter most of
the more the economy tanks and steals Americans attention from a relatively less violent Iraq
the more voters learn that the republicans have little to offer beyond their one-size-fits-all
panacea of extending the Bush tax cuts to voters who do remember Iraq the supposed military success
of the surge doesn't accrue to the republicans favor either quite to the contrary as every
poll shows most Americans still want to trumps troops on a sap Republican declarations they were
winning merely lead voters many voters to a logical conclusion why not let the Iraqis take over
the remaining triage so we can retrieve the ten billion dollars a month in taxpayers money that
might benefit us at home this is why even poll driven Mrs. Clinton who's been the most cautious
and ambiguous democratic candidate about it with your all-time table dramatically change course
to expedite her Iraq exit strategy and toothy next debate thanks in part to the julienny campaigns
one triumph turning 9-11 Firmongre into a running late night talk show gag the usual national security
card is no longer so easy for republicans to play conservatives not in denial see the crack up
ahead all the usual indicators are dismal for republicans wrote George will last week concluding
that November 4 could be their most disagreeable day since November 3rd 64 when very goldwater
lost 44 states but might some republicans still win especially the democrats are ultimately divided
by racer by the clins or by their own in a new debate about Reagan conceivably but only if
someone besides Ron Paul is brave enough to break out of the monochromatic pack that contender would
seem to be john mccain for all the often irrational anger directed this conservative by his long
time antagonist in his own party is the soul gop candidate who resisted the immigrant vigilantes
he might have done veteran michigan where he spoke honestly about the grim prospects for the auto
industry and he backed up his prognosis with remedies less glib than evade the pledge to retain
workers at community colleges education policy of any kind is m i a on the mccain campaign website
his order for the war however hasn't done them in he handled one the growing republican anti-war
both michigan and new hamster apparently many still remember the mr. mccain was bitterly against
president bush before he was for him exit polls find that among voters in republican primaries
as many as hankham turned against the president david frum the one time bush speech writer and self-hating
jew lamenson is pro-provocative new book come back that by two thousand eight is former boss had
led us party to the break of disaster and costed a generation of young americans at the last
republican debate the candidates invoke regularly three dozen times and mr. bush just once i
take my inspiration from i will read and judge her book or borsa mr. romney on his victim michigan
victory night and a typical example of the candidates circumlocutions about the incumbent president
this to his lap of the out of touch with reality is practiced in most american living rooms
imagine if mr. mccain straight talking spread stop taking detours around the one figure who united
sixty plus percent of the population in ira imagine if he started talking about how he cleaned
up the white house mess that might at least break the ice with the vast majority of voters who look
at the gup presidential field and don't see Ronald Reagan so much is also ran for the bucket list
bucket rhymes with well many things well i was awfully long wasn't it was a ponderous no it's fine it's good
as long as you didn't have to do anything it was good as frank rich and yesterday's new or time
god let's take some calls oh i just a joke
oh
they're the call now
you're gonna be a project
you're gonna be a
fourth leader oh my god your breasts are beautiful
stick it stick it 903 on your 40 only 17 votes for a thousand
Chris is gonna do it today i'm gonna be talking at the water cooler movie
all right
not about you let's have you talking at the water
is
big
sometimes
Can anybody hear?
See good questions, Dotsin'
They'll be more or less around their town
You're fair, he's not gonna think again
But truth be, boy he's done
Taking a shower with his son
Avers his eyes, it's what the White House is capable
Or it's Christians who know what's best
Or you and me, a member of all that means
He was in some deep peace
In other words, do he as he is?
But he hears, please say, you found the link
For the stealth of the Crox-o-Hoyes
These kindness by my being long, it can pay wise
Aver a lot, Dotsin' and Cong
Look at that 989, you were in 11 votes in 20 minutes
And anybody could do that, a depth of an blind man could do that
Let's go people, finish it up
Finish the job, finish the job, man
Oh, guess what I got?
What do you got?
A story
Sicily's anti-Mafia police
Support a major strike for the arrest this morning
Of Salvatore Lopez-O-Picolo
A.K.A. Il-Baroni
The Baron believed to be the supreme frost of the Costa-Nostra
On a run since 1983 to 1964, old monster was pulled in with another dozen bosses in Hinchman
Including his son, Sangro 32, believed to be his vag-man for collecting protection money
They were arrested in two small apartments in Giardinello just inland from Palermo, or for it
In Sicilya
There was a short gunfight as he was cuffed Sangro O'Yelve
I love you, Papa
Police say they found eight heavy caliber pistols in the suitcase
The arrest comes 18 months after the previous godfather, Renardo Provenzano A.K.A.
The tractor was arrested in a peasant's shack outside Corleone
Oh, Corleone
How do you like that?
The tractor
The tractor
Anti-Mafia magistrates are sure that Lopez-O-Picolo succeeded to probe Sangro's heavily commissioned and regularly see Sicilya and Mafia families
Always known as LaCosta-Nostra
Lopez-O-Picolo made a fortune from drugs and public horse contracts
Traditional Mafia is a viness
In the Zen suburb of Palermo, the man even persuaded residents to pay them protection money
To keep the rights on the lights on at night in the quarters of the rundown apartment blocks
They paid him protection money to keep the lights on at night
Lopez-O-Picolo's main rival has been Antonio Rotolo
Both have been designated deputies by Provenzano during his reign, but they've been bitter rivals
Or Toro was picked up in the roundup that allowed the arrest of Provenzano
He said he'd been annoyed by news that Lopez-O-Picolo was thinking of allowing the old in Zerillo Mafia back into Palermo
Among those pulled in today with Lopez-O-Picolo were Antonio Succino, the personal doctor of both Provenzano and his predecessor Tony Rina, the Beast
And Trilongo El Verte, who kind of the redefining of heroin and cis and clobria, an activity personally dealt with previously dealt with outside Italy
It seems clear that Associates of Rotolo, who was running a mob within a mob of 13 families in Palermo, grasped up the Lopez-O-Picolo group
Police have named the former Lopez-O-Picolo bagman Francesco Francesco, as a pentito or super-gras
Two other important bosses were netted, I betcha George would like some of that
Two other bosses were netted at the same time as Lopez-O-Picolo, Gaspari Pulizzi and Andrea Adamo, the princes respectively of Peini and Brompaccio
The most likely winner from the latest turn of Mafia fortunes is Matteo Macino de Nero, head of the Trapani families in the western tip of the island
He wasn't around when the anti-Mafia police ran their well-willed round up in G.A. D'O-Picolo, so smooth that even the guard dog didn't stir from his kennel
The Nero was now thought to be the new boss of bosses, Capo de Capo, even though that position won't go undisputed for long
The pickings from Mafia businesses are huge, a respected commercial index reported this summer that organized crime brings in far more than the biggest and tight-end multinational corporation, the E&I All Corporation which travels Sheldon Exxon and are in 63 billion pounds a year
Lopez-O-Picolo was criticized by his allies for taking a monthly salary of 25,000 pounds, 50 grand
The scene is set for another Mafia war, bigger and better than before because the stakes are so high
Last time 25 years ago they left a body of day on the streets of Palermo and Napoli for more than a year
Well, when it be something that we have a body of day on the streets of Naples, Florida, I want to know we could start
Joyce, just a thought, he liked that
There's a little God for that, Father Cranford, and Corleone
Before I croak, that's a place I would like to visit Corleone's Cecilia, never been to Sicily, you haven't of course because you've never been anywhere
I have been to Amsterdam, you want?
I've been to Amsterdam, you have? Yeah, I told you that
I forgot, you've been to Amsterdam?
See!
994 on the Polly only, it's six more votes, where were you in Amsterdam? Where did you stay?
At a pension, a pension?
Oh well, the first night stayed right at the edge, like the two stores, like two, whatever, down from the red light districts
So after the first night we then took a hotel over towards where the hard rock is, and there's the other side of the city, the nicer side of the city
Yeah, took a bed and breakfast over there
The hard rock is on the dam rack, the side of the city
Well, wherever, it's a little bit nicer area
Yeah, and then from the...
Did you see it in a real hotel?
Well, no, it was a bed breakfast, wasn't really a hotel, it was like a three story, you know, it was their own house
No, it was a very nice place, very nice place
I think there was like a... I don't know if it was a casino or just like a hotel thing, like right in the middle right on the water or the canals
And stuff that I was right, I guess that was the hard rock I don't remember, I don't know, it's been a couple years now
Took a train over to Denmark?
Really? Yeah, Copenhagen?
No, I feel like...
No? I went to Brussels, went to a couple different places
Well, great, that's good, that's a good...
See the world folks before you croak, before they stick your ass in a box, that's my best advice, steal some money
Or find a rich benefactor and go see the world somewhere
That was a lot of fun
Somebody told me there's nothing like finding a rich benefactor
I can't tell you who that was, it told me that
They said it's expensive?
997C, 997 on the point of view, only three more vote, baby
And tonight we got the big democratic debate, I'm just like West Step, but I sure doubt it
Oh god, I don't...
Well, what is love to say, you know, why more debates?
So we can have more racial hate, you know?
I think they ought to have like a food fight would be good
Edwards and the Barack both ganging up on swallowing
Throwing a bunch of crap at her, but then I get left gang up on her
Oh, they're ganging up on me, I don't want to fall back, I don't want to fall back
Oh my god, but you know, there are a hell of a lot more women than there are black people
There's a hell of a lot more white women
And there's a hell of a lot more Hispanics than there are black people
What would you think is the Hispanic population of the country?
Do you have any idea?
I really have no idea, come on, why is it Google it?
Okay
And the black population is about 13%, 16%
Because among the brown folks, you know, you got the black folks and the brown folks
And the white folks and the right folks and the wrong folks
And then of course you got the religious nuts, that's all Republicans
998
When we come back from the break ran, I've over a thousand
I can't believe it, with plenty of room to spare we'd have to go down to the wire
Maybe those ratings are right, maybe we got the audience came back
In spite of many things that are going on, I don't want to get in with the day, but...
I'm not gonna get named
The best talent you've ever seen in your budget is 4.256QAM
The fourth leader
You...
God...
Oh, mama, you saw candy deep, oh mama, get another vote of the freedom, oh mama
Don't care this name, so I guess I'll go son of...
Can't get better!
Oh, mama, you be killin' me, oh mama, not the before
Get your booty mama, be a shield, be a ground and no filmer, get your interview
Never come on out, oh mama, you saw candy deep, oh mama, get another vote of the freedom, oh mama
Don't care this name, so I guess I'll go son of...
Oh, mama, mama, mama, you be killin' me, we love your ice poofy
Shit, got the thing all the way to what you done to hand me
Let's party in the democratic budget, and the way you make the speeches make the girls feel like it
Do you do do, that would be a good deal, keep the dope pens out of what's in the end
First take on your future, and the way you can't arrange that before we get this great deal
Oh, mama, you be killin' me, oh mama, the before
Get your booty mama, be a shield, be a ground and no filmer, get your interview
Never come on out, oh mama, you saw candy deep, oh mama, get another vote of freedom, oh mama, don't care this name, so I guess I'll go son of...
Oh, mama, mama, mama, we are not square-acquist, say me, oh mama, according to whoever planted that
Oh, according to that phone, whatever they call those things
In Nevada, for rack, who's saying, oh mama, 145, but then again, after there's any dirty tricks and politics
You don't understand that, it's all about making the world a better place to live
And look at that 10-10 on the pole, nice go on, we did it, told it
Told me, squat, what?
Paul Krugman writes in the New York Times today, debunking the Reagan myth, loud being written about the Ronald Reagan
And, you know, why not just let him rest in pieces?
Historical narrative has mattered, that's why conservatives are still writing books announcing after the R&D deal
They understand that the way Americans perceive bygone errors, even errors from the seemingly distant past, affects politics today
And it's also why the fear over Barack Obama's praise for Ronald Reagan is not as something overblown
The fact is that how we talk about the Reagan era still matters immensely for American politics
Bill Clinton knew that in 1991 when he began his presidential campaign
The Reagan Bush years he declared that he has exalted private gain over public obligation, special interest over the common good, wealth and fame over working family
The 1980s ushered in the guillot age of greed and selfishness of irresponsible and excess and neglect
Contrast that with Mr. Obama's recent statement in the interview with the Nevada newspaper that Reagan offered a sense of dynamism and entrepreneurship that had been missing
Maybe Mr. Obama was as his supporters and simply praising Reagan's political spills
I think he was trying to curry favor with the conservative editorial board which did in fact endorse him
But where in his remarks was the clear declaration that Reaganomics failed? For it did fail?
The Reagan economy was the one hit wonder. Yes, there was a boom in the mid-80s as the economy recovered from a severe recession
But while the rich got much richer, there was little sustained economic improvement for most Americans
By late 1980s middle class incomes were barely higher than they had been a decade before and the poverty rated actually risen
When the inevitable recession arrived people felt betrayed, a sense of betrayal that Mr. Clinton was able to ride into the White House
Given that reality, what was Mr. Obama talking about? Some good things did eventually happen to the US economy but not on Reagan's watch
For example, I'm not sure what dynamism means but if it means productivity growth there wasn't any resurgence in the Reagan years
Eventually productivity did take off but even the Bush administration's own council of economic advisers dates to the beginning of that take off to 1995
Similarly, if a sense of entrepreneurship means having confidence in the towns of American business leaders, that didn't happen in the 80s when all the business books seemed to have semi-ribe warriors on their covers
Like productivity, American business prestige didn't stay to come back to the mid-1990s when the US began to reassure its technological and economic leadership
I understand why conservatives want to rewrite history and pretend that these good things happen while a Republican was in office or claiming possibly that the 1981 Reagan tax cut somehow deserves credit for positive economic developments
That didn't happen until 14 or more years had passed as Richard Nixon get credit for morning in America
But why would a suffer plan progressive say anything with the leds credibility of this rewriting a history especially right now when Reaganomics is just fair all over again?
Like Ronald Reagan, President Bush began his German office with big tax cuts for rich and promises that the benefits would trickle down to the middle class
Like Reagan who also began his term with the economic slump then claimed that the recovery from that slump proved the success of his policies
And like Reaganomics, but more quickly Bush andomics is ended in grief
The public mood today is as grim as it was in 1992
Wages are lagging behind inflation, employment growth in the Bush years has been pathetic compared with job creation in the Clinton era
Even if we don't have a formal recession and the odds now are that we will, the optimism of the 1990s has evaporated
This is in short a time when progressives ought to be driving home the idea that the rights ideas don't work and never have
It's not just a matter of what happens in the next election Mr. Clinton won his elections but as Obama correctly pointed out he didn't change America's trajectory the way Reagan did
Why? Well I'd say the great failure of the Clinton administration, more important than even its failure to achieve healthcare reform
Though the two failures were closely related was the fact that it didn't change the narrative of fact demonstrated by the way the Republicans are still claiming to be the next Ronald Reagan
Now progressives have been granted a second chance to argue that Reaganism is fundamentally wrong
Once again the vast majority of Americans think that the country is on the wrong track
But they won't be able to make that argument if their political leaders, whatever they meant to convey, seemed to be saying that Reagan had it right
Amen to that Paul
What are those Obama advisors telling him, huh?
Ronald Reagan, my ass, trickled on economics, Chris's ass and that's a lot of ass
As a matter of fact, stocks fell sharply worldwide today following the lines on Wall Street last week and investor pessimism over the West government stimulus plan to prevent a recession
Bush speaks and the world goes into a toilet. Thank you Mr. President for destroying the economy and the gas prices and all those dead people
All of these things
US markets were closed from Martin Luther King, Jr. David Downbeat, moved from last week's market, declines their circle through Europe, Asia and the Americas
Britain's benchmark, FTSE 100, slumped 5.5% to, oh FTSE isn't he on IOD?
Slumped 5.5% to 55, 78.20, Francis Caccaron index doubled 6.8% to 47.44% and Germany's Blue Chip DAX 30, plunge 7.2% to 67.19
In Asia, India's benchmark stock tumbled 7.4% while Hong Kong's Blue Chip Hang sang index, plunge 5.5% to 23.818, its biggest percentage drop since the 9.11 terror attacks
Canadian stocks fell as well, with the S&P TSM composite index on the Toronto Stock Exchange down 4% in early afternoon trading
In Brazil stocks plunge 6.9% of the main index of SEO Paolo's Bovesta Exchange, say it again, Bovesta, can you say it?
Investors dumped tears because they were skeptical at an economic stimulus fund President Bush and on Friday
would show up the economy that's been battered by Proposite and its housing and credit markets to plan which requires approval by Congress
calls for about $145 billion worth of tax relief to encourage consumers spending
Concerns about the outlook for the US economy and major export for Asian companies and center regions markets sliding in 2008 just last Wednesday the Hang sang index saying 5.4%
Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 to 3.9% and by the way, where's that guy who calls him? We don't take calls anymore, at least not for next 20 or 30 years
Where's the guy with obvious and p is up? I hope you lose your ass, okay, you fool, you idiot, you clown, you fairy
Maybe I go with mine, I know it's gambling, I expect to lose and very often I do, we have more than not, it's gambling
Now if you want to take your life savings and gamble away, go ahead, have a good time, more power to you, it's your money, it's a free, well to a point
Right? Butterflies are free, and that's what you're going to have left butterflies
I got butterflies in my stomach just thinking about it
Well, look how close that vote is, man, on a pool, mm-hmm
Wow, maybe that's what we got so many vote on there to try to break the deadlock or the dreadlocks
You see Osama's kid has got dreadlocks, you see that, or something?
Wow, get in my haircut, starting at the neck
And of course instead of like, wow, we can go back through that business again about the day after 9.11 and how all the bin Laden family got whisked away back to Saudi Arabia
Nobody else could fly, no planes were flying
Even Paul Ica couldn't get a flight
1060, 1060 on the pool
That's really shocking when we started what we have like 40 votes and like that
About how they for Christ's sakes, for Jesus's sake
Who is more electable, Barack Obama 319, swallowing 303 only 16 votes separate them like a sliver, like a curly little hair
And I hope I don't know where that hair came from
Oh God, neither one 259, woman or a black guy
And I don't care 135, 13.2% of the supposedly a stoop audience don't care, they don't give a flying crap
How do you like that? Is that depressing?
I mean even you give a crap, right?
Not a big crap, but you know, little crap
I mean obviously people are interested in like trying to survive, man, stay alive, make a few bucks, fill the gas tank with a gas so they can go and do and live
Things like that, you know what I'm saying?
That's what your average fuck is worried about, but at the same time and all the young people that are talking a good game like always
Oh, we're gonna have a revolution, Barack's the man, the only problem is they don't vote for other men
What the fuck are you talking to the best out of two?
You never imagine, you know, they probably do 560 QAM, the fourth leader
Let's up you some more prisoners make them scream nice and loud
Get me some wires and a battery pack
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used
Use you to the torsure
The rack was there just laying their game in the past
It had to be worse with the dumb who's saying
It's been rough on my internship that your ratings are dying now
Well, I don't wanna show you what a big ass said I was to your hand-house
You just know you get quite somebody good enough to fill my baggy pants
It ain't easy
Very no chance I'll have to be coming back
I'm tired of considering a look where they're going to come direct
If you wanna know what it'll say if I'm shutting that transmitter to ground, you're gonna be quiet
That's easy
You can't even hold me
I'm a shootin'
What?
All you need is smoke
What's the different way
All you need is smoke
What's the different way
All you need is a shot
It's all flow
What's the difference?
I think your own dream class only got you today
You said my ratings have bottomed out in this range
What's my new discovery, Bobby?
Who is the The Gayest of the Woods?
As we do
All you need is smoke
How do you drink it?
All you need is smoke
What's the difference?
All you need is a shot
It's all flow
What's the difference?
It's all flow
You'll fight away somethin'
Check poll in the computer.
What is he doing?
What the heck?
Are you gonna go fire me?
I'm gonna go fire me.
I'm gonna go fire me.
Bye bye bye!
The biggest names of the best colors.
Are you sure?
And you're home for Miami Dolphins football.
And sports radio 560 WQAL.
I am a Ford Lutterdale.
And that's when the shots came at me.
