So how's Eric Komorod doing?
Who?
Some stiff.
The biggest names, the best talent.
You're listening to Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
Miami For The Latter Day.
O!
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show to talk to Neil,
Dial 560-50560 in day and broward.
In other counties, call toll free, 877-785 Neil,
or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues,
do not represent those of the WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Now the Neil Rogers Show on 560 WQAM.
Floridians, dumb as dirt.
Absolutely.
Oh, don't don't don't don't.
The restroom smells like roses after I am done.
Eric.
Can't understand why everybody makes fun.
The restroom smells like roses.
You need to see them okay.
But I might be the only one who uses the restroom today.
You're fairie.
I was only in there for a few minutes.
But third man, I always bring the light song and I am bruised.
But now the world has out that I did it.
I guess I'll have to find somewhere else.
Now I'll have to hold it in and hike my head in this grace.
When I get my hair done, who spreads those rumors,
I'll fashion his face.
Cause the restroom smells like roses.
Whenever I am through, it smells okay to me.
When I do do.
Oh sure, it smells okay to you just like when you fart.
It smells fine to you but everybody else is like,
Oh my god, you died in there.
I discovered an exception to that rule.
And what is it?
When you're sick, the sick fart smells completely different.
It's horrible.
Yeah, you can't get away from them fast enough.
They follow you.
Oh yeah.
Anyway, George is back with us today.
He was sick as a dog and he'll think about it if you want to do.
Or not.
Even if you don't.
Then we got Zach with us today because Chris is back with his teeth again.
He's getting posts put in and all kinds of crap.
So he's getting crap in his mouth.
So we got Zach, Zach in there yet or is he smart?
He's right there.
Well, how do you like that?
I thought maybe he was on the post game show.
Now we took out the post show today.
I thought this was the post game show.
This is the post.
And you'll be very disturbed to find out that I didn't get a call yesterday from your close personal friend Jerks.
Oh, you were expecting one.
No, he was here yesterday and the raptors just pounded the crap out of it.
He is usual.
I don't think they worked up a sweat.
I don't believe.
But anyway, so he was here and was suggested to me by somebody, maybe Chris.
Most of him in Chris because there wasn't anybody else working yesterday.
I was suggested that maybe he was going to call me and we could like hook up and have dinner or he could buy me like a, you know, something.
Didn't happen.
You could bond.
You could go to what, you know, I don't want to bond.
I want to see him.
I don't want to laugh at him.
I don't want to smell him.
I don't want to be near him.
Okay.
I don't want to hear the bond goes.
I don't want to hear the, what is he called?
The pole.
The log.
The log.
That's it.
I don't want to hear the log.
Zach.
Oh my God.
And what, so what's going to happen with that show now that the season is going to be over and over?
Was that their last game's, Zach or what?
No, one more tomorrow night I believe.
One more and then the debacle of all time is going to be over.
And then what are they going to do?
Where is the log?
Maybe we can recap all the other games from the season.
Right, and he got the mind of he draft coming up soon.
They're going to probably have the number one, two or three pick in the draft.
Yeah, who cares?
Who gives a flying crap?
And when's the NFL draft?
The week from Saturday.
It's got to be very soon.
Oh my God.
The pressure is building.
Man, that's what I was smelling.
The pressure from the NFL draft coming.
I don't notice quite as much, of course, I don't listen, but I just don't feel the usual hysteria that we have the anticipation of the NFL draft every year.
Like builds up on this station for days and weeks and months.
Oh, oh, oh, and especially now that all things are going to have this number one pick, right?
Yes.
See, if it's a sport thing, you're like talking to me.
As it is, I know you don't have any voice.
And because you're going to raise your blades, but what is it that you sound like you're so far like on the moon?
I just turned the volume up a little.
There you go.
He was crank it up, open that pot up, and crank it up, and make the needle move a little bit.
How's that?
So we can hear you for Christ's six.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Anyway, George is back, like I said, and I don't need...
Let me just say this to you, okay?
I'm talking to the audience.
And this includes, especially, the chronics like Charlie B.
I don't need any life advice.
Okay?
I don't need dear Abby to tell me how to live my life, how to negotiate a contract, what I should do, the things I...
Playing Farts, demand to be able to play fart sounds out of here.
I mean, seriously, you're really wondering.
And this is a guy who will suit a win-electual Charlie B.
Who thinks he's smarter than anybody in the world.
He's a real expert.
And he's just another Peep-Hot.
He's just another one of these goofballs out there.
Well, hold their feet to the fire and make them allow you to play the fart sounds, and four letter words.
Yeah, yeah.
And then I got the one up there in Connecticut who's obsessed with Randy, with the goddess.
Oh, well, she said this, and she...
So I sent him finally another cross-example message today, and I said, Anthony, what part of...
I don't give a crap about Randy, don't you understand. What part of that don't you get?
I'm not interested.
Maybe they don't speak that language of the era.
Oh.
Say it in.
God!
Here's the poll from yesterday.
There he goes with those polls again.
And Tom Jicke called him up to me a message yesterday, but he's gonna be writing something in the Sun's Scent.
I don't know if that'd be nice, because he saw very Jack asked for it in the hero.
And the reason Tom didn't know anything about it is because Joe Bell didn't call him obviously, because they hate each other like poison.
And they would have been slamming the phone down each other's ear.
And that's sad?
Yes.
I don't know if it's sad.
Now why did Zack immediately chime in there?
I guess he felt froggy right then.
Baw!
If I could... I got a nice, uh, uh, my space from the beast by the way, two of them.
He's not too happy with your boy, Zack. Let me tell you that right now.
I know.
You're not too happy with him at all.
Pretty pissed off and fired up.
But that's another story for another day.
1035 votes in yesterday's poll if I could relive one hour of my life it would be.
And of course leave it to me to add on the one that won by a... a grand slide, which is the poll sender, which we appreciate the poll.
It's a good poll, but let's off the obvious one.
My favorite sexual experience.
493.
47.6% almost half of yous said that, of course.
The last hour I spent with my father or mother how touching 171.
Bye, ma!
An exonification I was on 87 when my first child was born 86 when I first met my spouse 72.
The last time I was with my best friend 43 when I graduated high school or college 28 when I told my ex,
we're through 19.
My wedding day 17 when I quit the job I hated most 12 and my wedding night,
so I went to see at the only 7 for their wedding night which was probably anti-climactic or maybe disappointing.
Especially for some of the women.
Disappointing.
You know the women who say things like, I'll find it, I'll eventually find it.
You call that a penis?
Like that.
Here's today's poll, which boy, this is too bad I didn't put it on there earlier.
We'd already have 4,000 votes.
This is going to get a lot of votes.
Because they love to be able to tell me how to do the show.
They love to feel that they're like manipulating and sharing their expertise because they're all experts.
They're all program directors, they're all broadcasts.
They're all talk show mavens.
Like all the comments on the very jackass straighter and the hero.
Some nice ones, you know, and of course the usual crap.
All he does is read from the newspaper.
He's boring.
Ice cream talking about ice cream is boring.
And of course all of these people are all listening right now.
They're all listening right now.
Like I was saying yesterday, all the people who write these comments.
Good ones and bad ones.
Have one thing in common.
I have no life.
That's it.
People that find somebody else's article and then they have to write a comment.
It's like the same people who are in the chat rooms.
The internet can be a wonderful thing.
The problem is most of the time it's not.
I wish Neil would blank.
That's the poll today.
502 votes.
Change nothing 175.
Other than my boxers shorts, I do change those every day.
That's good.
Color you got today.
Red.
Red and you know, like checker.
Like a plant, you know.
Pretty paint plant.
I only got two kinds.
I got blue plant and red plant.
Got big plants right after the show.
Do you?
Yeah, would buy.
No, actually I was going to fill up my boxers shorts with.
I know.
Doody.
Change nothing 180.
Live forever 146.
Wasn't that sweet.
Wasn't that nice.
They must have had it.
Take calls 141.
We can talk about that again or not as the case may be.
Oh God.
They just don't get it.
They just don't understand it.
We did that yesterday for about five minutes.
Did you hear that by chance, Zach?
I'm sure you didn't.
I did.
You did?
Yeah, I listened to your show daily.
Dad, I don't start sucking around.
I just asked you a simple question.
Did you hear that you're a horrible call?
And Woody Graber was the best call.
The only real call.
The other ones were just...
That was probably an accident.
Yeah.
That was not something.
And I didn't want to talk to him anyway.
I mean, he's a nice guy but he never has anything to say.
But he just...
That was it.
And the rest of them were just people making sounds, making sounds with their mouth.
Take calls 141.
Stop reading stories 25.
Well, that's amazing that it's so small.
All of you 4.8% to stop reading the stories.
Retire!
13.
And croak only six.
See, I put on good stuff, bad stuff.
Give me a choice.
Croak only six.
That's not very good.
We wish you would die.
We hate you like poison.
32 years.
We hate you.
We can't stomach you.
That's why we're listening right now.
Plus, of course, footsie is on, which were more hostile comments about footsie on that
very jackass thing than comments about me.
The article was about me and yet all these people are right about all the footsie is the worst and tootsie.
And George has always given me crap because I talk about that on the air.
You're his one fan, man.
I wasn't even.
You know what's up with him?
Not his fan.
I think he's disgraceful on a joke.
Like, given you crap, I'm just pointing out.
You're the only one to talk about.
So, you can tell all these wannabe.
Everybody's a talk show host.
Everybody's entertaining.
You're a bull crap.
We heard from his partner on this stage.
You can hear how entertaining he was.
The Kenny and Bull Morning Blow.
That was the worst morning show in radio history.
Is there any argument about that?
I'm thinking.
I'm trying to think what's worse.
I'll get back to you.
If Joey Reynolds was on with the chic doing the morning show, it would have to be better.
Oh my god.
Then the Kenny and Bull Morning show.
There's a combo.
If Depa was on, it would just gild it.
It would have to be better than the Kenny and Bull Morning blow.
Square table, gay or not gay.
It was contrived.
It's one thing if it's contrived and it's good.
If it's entertaining, if it's funny, if it's somewhat amusing.
It was contrived and it sucked.
It was radio cock-a-man.
You could smell it coming through the speaker of your radio.
That's how bad that show was.
It was radio crap.
But, everybody's an expert.
Now, let's see what we got today.
We got to jerk show from 2 to 4.
Now, see back in town, how are what, Zach?
I believe he is.
Is it a home game tomorrow night?
Well, what about how do you get back from Toronto so fast?
Airplane, I believe.
Oh my god.
Mad Dog 4 to 6.50.
And then 6.50 to 7.
We got the biggest scan going on.
We got a 10 minute show there.
Jesse Angler first pitch Marlon pregame report with a bunch of spots.
Then the Marlon game is on across the street because we shouldn't want to do with it.
Dolphins all assets from 7 to 9 and then the D.A. show 9 and midnight.
Unfortunately for him has to follow that thing.
Air every night.
Oh my god.
Poor child.
I just had.
Absolutely.
Yes.
You're fairies.
There is all around me.
Everybody is broke.
The economy is drowning.
They got us by the throne.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
I'd like to do some drama.
To the one percent.
It does fall.
And Memphis were dead.
Could this be a recession?
The headlights are oily and used.
There's people going hungry.
You won't see that on the news.
It's like the 1930s.
Another great sub-grad.
I'm dying on the hearth.
We're just a rich and dirty.
In a portrait by gas.
The corporate newspapers say it will end.
The ones that I use for the sheets are my name.
You're paid for not to be left in the throne.
They've got us blind.
Now we've got us cold.
We're in a deep depression.
But they don't want you to know.
For the world's richest country.
It's the pressure in the throne.
Yeah, time's up, baby.
Twenty past ten at 560 WQM.
That's why we should all kiss the ground if we're still employed.
And George is hoping to still be employed.
He's got a big meaning coming up with Jolly Joe.
Hopefully.
Right.
You said it down and you pointed finger with his face.
Newtell.
Listen, man.
I got mountains to feed.
I got a household to maintain while I'm screwing around on the side.
I got that roller of Derby.
I got to keep poaching me around with whatever you need.
They don't cost me money.
Well, don't lie about it.
Okay.
Tell them to cost me a fortune to sustain that cramp.
I'll take them out and show them a good sign.
That usually works, right?
And that's how you lose the boss.
No, it works with Bob Greenfield, isn't it?
Not.
Butch out a little bit, okay?
Because Norrmacher and Conair, he hates you like poison now.
All right, gee.
He didn't say that, but I just hit that finger.
Obviously, yeah.
That's all right.
Because when you offer that queen money and he turns it down for any of that, it's okay.
Said, I'm not interested.
No.
Tell George, no.
Thanks for both things.
That's fine.
That means bye-bye.
I got you kissed him off with that Jan Marigay.
You went to chicken egg.
That's fine.
I was chicken egg, okay.
I think he's taking care of.
I think he's okay.
I don't know.
I've been out of sorts for the past few days, as you know.
Yeah.
Under the weather.
Well, when you have your next lunch with him, find out, pan him on the head and see if he
starts sweating.
I'll take his temperature.
You ought to be just fine, okay?
This is, see, people think I just show up here in the mail in the radio show every day.
I do that, but beside that, I got to take care of everybody in the world.
I got all these dependents.
I got to take care of this one and that one.
And I got to make sure this one's eating and that one's farting and whatever.
A lot of responsibility for an old fart like me.
I'm the oldest delivery man in Toronto, by the way.
Yeah.
Are the tips good?
You know, no.
No, I don't get any tips.
550, seven votes on the poll.
I wish Neil would change nothing to a one.
Live forever, 154.
Take calls, 150.
26.9%.
Want us to take calls.
Stop reading stories, 28.
No, no chance.
Retire, 15 and croak, 9 now.
We're up to 9 on the croak.
We can take some calls today because George can punch them up there.
I can't do it here because I'm waiting for the engineer to show up tomorrow morning.
He's going to see if we need a new router in here or if he wants to see what the deal is.
Whatever you want.
I just don't want to take a chance.
Are we hooking that up because I don't want to lose my internet.
No, I understand.
So once the delay catch is up, they realize we're going to give it a test run here again for like we did yesterday.
And we'll see it like you said before the show today and you said it perfectly.
There are no, but we would take calls if there were any.
Love to have some call.
I'm not talking about the lights lighting.
That's not a call.
A call is somebody going to hear.
He's actually has something to say.
He's already ringing the phone.
You see how do you know?
Oh, you can smell it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You want to hear it?
Go ahead.
Q.A.M.
Hello, this is a courtesy care notice to inform you that the vehicle you are driving will soon meet the deadline.
Hello, okay, great.
Oh, great.
Glad I was wrong.
I wonder how did that come from.
How do you do that?
It's obviously one of those telemarketer things, but we just got lucky.
So in other words, that was just a coincidence?
Yeah.
A coincidence.
Wow.
Are the lines ringing?
Never would.
I got a couple.
56670560.
Pound 560.
We're here to serve, baby, and you people, a third of the people almost want calls.
We'd like to, you know something?
I would like to take this whole pile of stuff.
I have my usual huge pile of them.
I think are pretty interesting and important stories.
I'd like to take it and throw it right in the garbage.
And go back to doing a show that we used to do here.
I mean, you know, I used to have like two or three of these I would bring in every day as I recall.
Remember?
Right.
I have two or three stories that were things that were really important or well written or, you know, the, or historically fine, whatever they were.
And I got a huge pile because there are no calls.
Okay, we got some.
We got some, you think.
Yeah, well, the way I'm, hello.
Start, start, punchin.
Hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Riga!
QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Mr. Goneal.
Speaking.
Hello, sir.
Good.
How are you, sir?
I'm hard-tied.
I didn't recognize your voice.
Yeah, well, it's me.
Listen, quick stories.
You're gonna love this.
Yeah, um, I'm just gettin' over, um, my dad passed away recently.
So, as a nice Jewish boy, you know, you don't shave for a little bit.
I go yesterday to get a shave.
I'm sittin' there, you there?
Yeah, I'm here.
I'm sittin' there.
And, you know, Barbara's shaming me and in the background, there are these two Altecokers.
And the one says to the other.
You know, you ever hear that Neil Rogers on the radio?
I couldn't, I couldn't believe it because I hear you always talkin' about it and gretchen.
Yeah.
And once he is such an SOB, the things that come out of his mouth, listen, I've been to this place
like three times in my lifetime to get shaved.
And I just, I'm like, I couldn't believe it.
It was the funniest thing.
Wait, where is this?
What part of town?
I live in North Miami, just was in North Miami on the corner of like, uh, North Miami.
This game in honor of 25th.
Oh, yeah, well, hubman dread.
Neil, I'm sittin' there.
It was just so fricken funny.
I couldn't, I gotta call Neil, I gotta tell him.
Well, thanks, thanks for the good news until the feeling is mutual.
Thanks, Pally.
I dropped it on.
Yeah.
I mean, it sounded like you were done, so, you know.
Well, and then he gets to hear, thanks, Pally, at least.
That's right.
Because I gotta rely on your finger now and I don't trust your finger.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
I'm not trying to get my psychic powers.
My way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way
how you are way spread now just based. How you are way spread now just based. Now I'm wait is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my way is my wingy wicking and the way is my way."
Yea wicking wicking. Yes i am pathetic, i ain't got the wicking front topic that I'm even going to say Wkie.
Wkie is a word in the public Even i am mingling you up, I am devastating You, sorry men the John Wicker.
Wkie, Wkie are you losing all the prize pack players playground while it might have got a variety of stuff going on right now with foundation football,
Gokas and collenen redisser mmmm me are up on my feet getting back down the line and you are just remaining the picture,
Wow
Shocking now maybe the audience is fine to come to their senses, you know, I don't know this pool today
They're saying what we want the calls. We wish you take some call. Well, we're taking some are they ringing now? We got three lines ringing
They're ringing in Atlanta
WQ a and hello
Try again, they're slow Q a and Ola
Sounds dead to find another one yet Q a and hello. Oh there it hits Jason Johnson
Oh, it's the drums so long
Okay, that's enough of that five six seven oh five sixty oh, I thought you wanted another one that punched the last one up
Neil yes, sir. Did you enjoy Randy Road yesterday? Oh my god
I didn't hear Randy roads and I don't care about Randy roads. She loves you. I don't I couldn't care less
What do you mean that I enjoy her? Did I enjoy her what her show? I'm gonna listen to her show
Why it's very informative and entertaining. Oh in other words
I need to listen to her to be informed. Is that what you're telling me?
I'm entertained. She is a what she is is basically a ripoff artist and not a very good one, okay?
Who's she ripping off now? She's been ripping off me for a year
She even used the the droppings for Christ's sake. That's because she loves you
You know something great have a good time with her have a great life with her. Wow. Hey, they're all lit up
By the way, so just let's good here
One thing let me tell you right now since you're punching the buttons today
Anybody wants to talk about the goddess? Oh?
Call her up. Okay, I'm not interested. I have no interest and then it includes the
UPS guy in Connecticut and everybody oh Randy this are all these radio groupies. I don't care
She loves me. She loves me because she can steal a material and Alex. He's back in South Florida
She didn't even have to listen online. She can just turn on the radio, which I'm sure she's listening right now takes him notes goddess
Yeah, I don't be grudger
I wish you're all the luck in the world for the imputed money that she's making but the fact that a matter is she's
You know, let's see last year admitted he was a ripoff
But at least in many huh? I said mm-hmm. I'm gonna say it better than that. No seriously, but at least you know, he did some stuff
As opposed to just getting sued all the time and getting you know opening up a big New York mouth
I just don't go for the whole New York thing. It's just
She's the expert on everything. She's
See he got me on a sidetracked. She loves you. She's not well good. The feeling is not mutual
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hola
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great
I'm fine. I treat you pretty good. How's what? I was trying to treat you pretty good. Yeah, just great. Yeah
Great great. Hey
What are you talking about
What's the system? I got to do a good. Do you use a divining rod? Yeah, I have a divining rod
I have a magnet. I have a big magnet. I have a baguette magnet
Quirter another call go to somebody might have some that sounds like the quarter-schlock. I want to do it as Q a.m. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
I just want to report to you that I finally moved out of Miami all the way up the Delray and
It just sucks in a different way. Yeah, oh, and those old men are definitely on the bench, so you know
Sitting out of bench Delray now the former hell. Thank you. Okay, you're welcome
Oh god
Wow
You move the right place. You're a lot of that too. You know, let me take some other bit, you know
Like the bridge tenders. You can make sure you have phone call about that
5 6 7 0 5 6 9. You think we can do this like for the next five and a half years or what whatever sure
Be a lot better if I could actually punch you something
Maybe during the break what I should do is try to re-hook up the
Not a good idea. I was gonna say, you know, I mean it'll be for interesting radio
You crawling around on the floor and losing the internet and all that stuff. It'll be funny
I'm not losing the internet again if I have to go from that song in advance with the bell simpantico that I think that one good news
The good news that you don't have any hair to pull out so yeah
No, I don't want to go through all of that. Yeah, Zach. Yeah, Chris was right yesterday
If he's right that the router is on its way out and it's not gonna help anyway
I think the best plan is what you're gonna do wait for that engineer to show up in real year down in five tomorrow morning
We route you
664 votes on Zach's pool by the way we got a really a hustler for gonna make that thousand
I don't I don't think there's any chance. Oh, we'll make it no way
WQ I am hello
Oops, sorry, sorry
WQ I am hello, hey, how you doing? Okay, sir
Hey, listen, I wanted to thank you and Georgia you guys been talking a lot about going to Gulf Stream
So I packed up the family left out of him went down there and we're definitely enjoyable
Good you win any money. Yeah, I hit the in the sixth race. I hit the one seven exactly
I'm about 120 so all right. All right. Excellent
All right, then okay good work
Yeah, Georgia's having a blast fact. I think that's gonna be his new deal when he has his lunch with Jolly Joe is that they're gonna
Gonna give him 500 a week gambling money in Gulfstream. I'll take it. They'll give you vouchers
They won't actually give it the cash. So just give you vouchers. I'll be the other machines. I'll be the spokesperson
Pit the spokesman by the way the spokesman is 0 and 3 they lost again last night the poor spokesman B.M
Boy, that's here makes me happy. I have no interest reading any of these teams left in the NHL playoffs
But nevertheless, it's not important that your team win, but that B.M. loses the spokesman what a loser may just see it written all over his dumb
Puss
While the senators ain't doing so good the spokesman's having real problems are gonna get swept
I think they're gonna get swept in the series
Be careful while you're talking like that. Why don't say so I don't worry about it. I got everything under control
Okay, get all pants. I'm pretty good to me today. I sound almost human
Okay, I got one finger on the phone button
Where's the other dog butt tells me when I put on some real clothes?
And he says I look almost human. Okay for me that's quite an accomplishment
And by the way that picture in the hero again the same old deals come on with me. Did you see it? Yeah, hugging the radio there
Somebody in the radio and he emailed me the link
Anything to try to get me to look like an old fool, you know, that's okay
I don't care. It's like the one with Mark Fisher and the tears coming down the eyes with a glisser in all that stuff
That's a herald for you
Wait till Tom jicker writes a piece
He's already have he already have it in there which we could use the publicity except for the fact that he and Johnny Joe
Hate each other like poison. I mean hey
Or he's cracking his muscles. Yeah, that's why you're sick all the time. He cracked. Oh, yeah, that must be it
618 votes on the floor. I wish you would change nothing to 10 other than those ugly boxy shorts
Oh, we don't even care about that take calls 172. Well, how do you like that? We're doing it. How do you like him so far folks?
Actually so far ever 166. Okay. I'm gonna live forever beyond the air forever just to piss everybody off
Just to spite those old ladies. Oh, he's such a nasty son of a bitch
Stop reading stories 31 retire 18 and prok 11
128% of the audience would like me to croak die wicked death and they probably the swoolery crowd, you know, oh, yeah
Oh, yeah, I saw some of that over the weekend too through Michael Irian right. That's her whole campaign
Box like this box and that that you see what he said
Qualifications are but yeah, you know other than the fact that she had the rain under the way from that sniper firing Bosnia
All she does he did this and he did that all this condescending
Yeah, blah blah blah. Yeah, right he's a the lead us. Yeah
Yeah, with $109 million
1040 20 before 11 at 560 WQM. It's back and it's huge
Exotic a Miami Beach the largest and elder van on the East Coast is coming back to South Florida this weekend at the Miami Beach Convention Center
Exotic are presented by hot movies features the hottest adults start sending autographs
Live entertainment super sexy seminar series and over 200 exhibitors. That's this Friday, Saturday and Sunday at the Miami Beach Convention Center
The most exhibitors like rules gone wild and they all female pillow fight league go VIP and get access to the crazy horse saloon
VIP lounge and VIP autographed lines come meet stars like Jesse Jain, Tera Patrick, Stormy Daniels and lots more
Tickets are available online at exoticamimebeach.com or on site at the convention center box orifice
Exotic amime Beach come get sexy. Sorry. No squares allowed and they mean it
60 QAM the fourth leader. Okay. Okay. Okay
This station presents real American heroes
Today we salute you Mr. Skin type speed awareness
Yes, we're sure that swimsuit style is all the rage on the beaches of Bulgaria
But here in North America we prefer to keep our private parts private
Would you really
Thank you, Mr. Skin type speed awareness, but when you come out of the surf you will learn the rest of us beach goers as to just how rigid the water is
Why would you want to accentuate shrinkage?
Your tacky drunk skull by many names, but I'm a hammock grapes mugler
The pito tube and man sock, but they all equally display the inadequacy zone
Mr. Skin type speed aware a real American hero
Close your eyes kids here he comes again 1045 at 560 W.A.M
So even Sean the poor man Sean mm-hmm is writing in the name things looking as did you read this before you say here's the pool
Which is not bad. I didn't read it says hope George is feeling better. Thanks to you in Georgia the remote at Gulfstream
I was able to catch the ass end of the show and your picks for the first two races
Which I don't know what the big deal is with that was a what was it an eight dollar double six dollar levels whatever we cashed
Yeah, walked away with money was heavy chalk. We never let one like 31 bucks 31
Then Sean says I'm not gonna say I had a bad day at the track
But before the holy bullstakes they paused for the grand opening of the Sean and drawer at Gulfstream
I've been on a horse attend to one he didn't finish until a quarter after three
So ancient so old Sean older than Mathusa's great grandpa and so that old so maybe he thought it was new
Speaking of all the Pope oh, yeah
I think we ashamed
He ought to be why by that by the clothes
About those schmatzas that he's wearing no, what else he said there's no fact in the church
Pope Benedict the 16 the Nazi Pope said he was deeply ashamed of the clergy sexual abuse scandal that
Stained the Catholic Church and will work to make sure pedophiles don't become priest. It's stained the Catholic Church
Yeah, I'm really wise. Stained that blue dress right
Probably stained some of the priests frocks and
Fired tuck
Benedict was answering questions. I was submitted advanced by reporters aboard a special
Allotalia airliner as he was flying from Roarland to Washington to begin his first papal pilgrimage to the USA
I want to think about special toilets on that plane the papal toilet on allotalia
It's a great suffering for the church in the US and for the church in general and for me personally that this could happen
But it said it's difficult for me to understand how it was possible that be priest be tray in this way their mission of these children
Right, he can't understand it somebody better draw a picture. Okay?
I'm deeply ashamed will do as possible so this can't happen again in the future the Pope said right
It'll never happen again until what time is it now?
Benedict pleads that pedophiles wouldn't be priest in the Roman Catholic Church
We will absolutely exclude pedophiles from the sacred ministry that in a sense speaking in English
It is more important that good priest than many priests when you better close up shop them
We will do everything possible to heal this wound. He said
Benedict's pilgrimage was the first trip by a pope to the US since the sex abuse scandal or rocked US dioceses in the early 2000 and
2000s and triggered in lawsuits that across the church hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements people are starving all over the world
We have famine. They're they're cooking up a donkey in Egypt
They're eating less cookies in Haiti. What?
Mud cookies and Haiti that eating mud cookies and Haiti. They're eating donkeys and monkeys in Egypt and
This bastard is running around the world. Oh, we're so sorry. It'll never happen again hundreds of millions just to pay off the families to shut them up
To pay off the victims of this pervert church
So all it is is a pedophile bunch of crap and of course a tax-free attacks exempt corrupt the business
How's that Vatican banking scandal coming? I still say you ought to watch Godfather three again just for all time sake. Oh
Come on, you know, you know I tried a couple times to watch you and I hear you
I did try I did try it. It would be like me watching at the movie that the professor sent me that the anime thing
It's still sitting there near the room somewhere. I animate for you. I don't think no
And probably your Godfather three ain't for you. What I thought for anybody
Now what's that movie that I like with Steven straight the covenant? They're covenant very good. What a memory. That's for you
I
Saw plenty an envelope that was for me believe you me here's Jonathan implantation to the chronic factor now
Says hope all as well with you. I got news for Jonathan things are just sensational
I've been a week ago today last Tuesday was my super neurotic day, remember that
Mm-hmm and today it was just one week later things are so good. It's beyond believe everything is coming up
Roses I can smell it. It says how about I wish Neil would have signed with another radio station
Well, that is that's like in the past and it's a mood point
Neil will probably hate this and not want to add to the pool in which my case my voters live forever
Okay, we'll vote for you later, Jonathan
What I'll add that vote for him. You are gonna put it on there. No, no
See oh another was just a theoretical vote. Yeah, okay. We have it our mind Jonathan your vote is hanging there in outer space
There you go. There it is. It's right
I can smell it
627 on Zaxful you better hurry up and get to 800. I'm telling you right now if you want to get to a thousand
We're gonna get it first. You got to get to 700 and you got to 800
You're not gonna do it no chance and especially on a controversial poll like this
We'll take more calls in the next hour, but I want to start I want to like mix and match you know, I mean
Might as well. I don't I don't want to put too much pressure on these poor bastards because after all it's been a long time
Yesterday we had a little bit of a flurry there. It was bad really bad today so far. I would say not so bad
And
Amar the engineer gets out. I don't think he's gonna be able to get it working tomorrow
Although I could be wrong. Maybe it's not the router that's maybe there's nothing wrong with it
So if he just looks it all up and it works fine then we don't need the new router because he's not gonna come here with a new router, right?
I don't know
Now if the engineers down there were like on top. I see I don't know what they've told him because he's good. He's like a real engineer
Mm-hmm. He actually knows what he's doing and actually cares about doing a good job
You know things like that. I want to say something good about fix it. Yeah, it had this. Wow. Yeah, well
Had that you know the DCS monitor in here was like really blurry
Like it'll make it go crazy trying to focus it because it was not able to focus and he mixed it. It's clear as a bell
No, yeah, he fixed it because they thought I was coming back right well
Who's to show you how I had a town?
That goes to show you how much sway you got there
It got the way back George right
They thought I was coming back and doing shows there so all of a sudden stuff that's been just falling apart and looking like garbage for
Months and years. Oh, yeah, we're gonna get that all cleaned up there because the old man's gonna be here. He won't put up with that crap
Just like all of a sudden the salespeople are starting to sniff around now
How do you like that? We had two salespeople in there? Well one and Todd Dreck
We had to slow him. This is a real salesperson
Yeah, and we had Todd Dreck who continues pretending to be one
How do you like that on the same morning?
Starting to sell live spots on issue again because our resigned the deal for five more years as opposed to well
He's only got like nine or ten months to go. Why would you want to sell that show?
Oh just because they sell out those restaurant deals every week in just a matter of five seconds
Spite remember what I told you that that's always been thing of QAnl under both regimes under Greg Reed and Jolly Joe spite
That's the operative word
That's why time jikket didn't have that article in the Sun sentle because he didn't know nothing about I I should have called Tom
I saw tonight. I don't cut the number anymore. I should have called him up said hey little Tommy. Right. Yes, what?
Your ball the stupid yeah, well he knows that
And he's got a really great looking son although my son probably about a hundred years old by now. I haven't seen him
I couldn't believe it. I think that he couldn't have been Tom jikket's son
Now what is his son dude? We have any ideas like a load of son go with Tom jikket's
What do you mean by that?
Well, he works for some newspapers something goes and eats free meals on a west post when they're doing the
Previewing the fall shows and stuff like that
And he writes occasionally about horse racing because they got nobody else writing about racing anymore because Luther Revens is dead
Remember Luther Revens? No, no, he actually used to have a show on the KT back in the day. Oh there he goes again reminiscing about the old times, okay
Too bad Luther Revens he was a good guy
I think you still do the horse racing shown in it occasionally we talk about bowling
Maybe I just dreamed you talked about bowling. Let's do some bowling Rick Weaver bowling play by play on the radio. He actually did that one time
Fans beginning to blow the blow the
Who the white selection? Oh
Man he was quite a guy. I tell you one of the one thing
He's one of those people when after they made him they threw away the mold. You know what I mean by that?
Mm-hmm. He was an oldie moldy and
They threw away the mold. Oh here's some priests. Yes to rest here's some gesky on there all these encounters
The energy factor is partly due to it. I wonder how many altar boys they got waiting for the Pope when he gets here
How many gets off the plane? In fact, they probably got a bunch of them up there on the plane right and you know
There may be short, but I didn't know her baby. They'll chase
That's right
They got some midgets there on the plane the Pope is probably servicing them right now as we speak
Oh, I got an update on that Marilyn Monroe. Do you heard about that story? I'm sure about that
I don't think yeah, she's on her knees
Only 1.5 million George said she says once that in his deal
Sure have jolly Joe include that in the deal. Maybe he'll take a look at it too
GOP congressman calls Obama boy at fundraiser later apologizes. I wish you could see the picture of this geek
What a
Republican congressman use some of the most racially charged language of the election season to attack Barack Obama's fitness to be president
Closing the Illinois Center is campaign to wish a sharp-read buckeye yesterday representative Jeff Davis
Was speaking to about four hundred dollars at a fundraiser in Kentucky when he said of Obama that boy's finger does not need to be on the button
Boy you'd if you doubt that the shift is landed man. You're honestly this geek
Obama's campaign hit back against the offensive comment. It's hard to tell what's more outrageous
Representative Davis commas sending in personal attack or is absurd an offensive claim that Barack Obama's not prepared to defend America said
Obama campaign spokesman Bill Burton
Jeff Davis may hide behind offensive tough talk
But he's marched in lockstep with Bush McCain policies that have devastated our national security while Barack Obama stood up against
They misguided war in Iraq and work with their respective Republican like Dick Luger and Chuck Hagel to secure loose weapons and nuclear materials
From terrorists a Davis spokesperson said the two-timber Republican misspoke and was not trying to be erased right
Later in Davis issued a written apology to the Democratic frontrunner my poor choice of words is regrettable
I wasn't no way meant to impune you or your integrity Davis wrote according to the ABC News blog political radar
I'll for my sincere apology to you and ask for your forgiveness. Well guess what no. Don't give it to him. Okay
Stick your foot way up his ass
Rogers
I am the fourth leader. This is the new Roger show
This is your brain
Any questions
Timmy faith
He's on trial for that faithful day
I am sure he's guilty as
Oh, Jay
Do you believe in Tim McVeigh? No
Oh, did stand up to the IRS
Can we know when the ATF it's a good beating in the press
Why'd he
Place that woman cause so much strife
Will he get the chair or instead will he get live
I've
Renoyed about the USA
Her room or that he might be gay
According to my 48 I
Hate the government just as much as most of you
Absolutely
Michelle
Most of them are doing 8 to 10
They can't have their weapons in the pan
Well, Timmy faith
Be joining them
All the most strange the weird the
1202 at 560 WQ and of course always in the name of religion too, you know like
Yep the branched dividends. Mm-hmm, and like this Texas polygamy whatever that the raise all whipped up about I really don't care about it
Yeah, I
Don't care and all these trailer trash that are letting their kids
Well, I don't know how they got a whole our kid band that yeah, you ever see those people oh, yeah, my girl
They weren't born they were hatched
They were hatched in that big cave in Tennessee. They're backed by Andy Jackson's place
Wow
A new statewide pool conducted by Hersberg based us by Hannah Poling and research ink
In the upcoming Democratic presidential pencil-danny primary election. So it's swallowing with only a three-poinley
Now yesterday we had one where she was 20 points ahead every day. There's new pools
And I'm starting to get really cynical about the whole deal and you want to know why because I don't think they're gonna let them have it
right
I think they're gonna do the establishment is that's right
Want Obama and I think they're gonna do whatever it takes to make sure he get in there you can feel it
You can smell it
Just like this whole simmits over these comments he made at the San Francisco fundraiser
We can't anybody knows are exactly on target about that right let our bitter because they're losing their jobs
And they don't have two nickels to rub together and right away to media makes a big simmits about it
Because there's just too much time between primary elections. So they got to have something to full minute
issue their cut about there those people you were just talking about
Yes, and El Dorado takes
I'll come to 18% are slung decided 40 for swallowing 37 for Obama while 4% said it wouldn't vote for either one or 1% refused to answer
This represents a significant drop in this pool from her 14-poinley
conducted March 5 to 10 where Clinton led 45-31
The current pool was conducted April 6 to 10
With 500 likely democratic voters
Clinton's three-point lead is within the polls 4% margin rare. So the race is now a virtual toss-up
Said Jim Lee the firm's president who conducted the poll for public dissemination
Obama's got a strong 62 to 19 favorable to one favorable ratio in name ID
And it succeeded in building up his positive images in the state something he said all along who is capable of doing a
Voters had more time to get to know him at the same time swillery's name ID shows a higher negative than Obama
With 25% having an unfavorable opinion her compared to 61% who view her as favorable
Well, and it goes on I got you know this thing goes on like 400 pages
Erie, let's see
Racial heritage Caucasian 80% African-American 15% Hispanic 1%
No, I think that's one tenth of 1% doesn't have a decimal
But I think that's what that is
Is your main religious background Roman Catholic Protestant Jewish or something else
This is of these 500 people in this Pennsylvania pool
Catholic 39% Protestant 25% Jewish 3%
Backed is 5% agnostic or atheist only 2%
Methodist 3% they better start checking out the Macy's a lot more, you know
And agnostics right out present that's most of the same people
Only crazy people believe the fairytales, okay?
Only people are so brainwashed that they haven't got a brain to think for themselves
Like those guys in Texas like you saw that lady there look at her look at him look at that oh my god wow
That's inside your head here with this all important hearing the state is trying to have the
News guy for Christ six. What's wrong with you?
That guy
Sorry
Girl known as Sarah who first called an abuse hotline here as San Angelo and said that she had been beaten and raped by her much older husband
When we talked at FLDS members last night Betty every one to a person said there was no such person
They claim that it's a quote phantom or ghost and something that the state cooked up
To rationalize that's right. You better get to stay out of there. Okay. They want to they want to bang all them little young
Chicks and that's what it's all about. That's in the name of God baby. Um religion. Oh God. That's good
There's a lot of people screaming at inside that big compound. Oh God. That's good. Do it again
You know, mm-hmm?
670 votes. It's all about your crap. Okay, and the public and the media you people in the media presented like you know like this
That's right of the ordinary
What's the difference between what's going on there and what this pop has been covered up?
What what's the difference?
We said number most of these are girls in there and then the one with the Catholic Church most they are little boys
The Catholics have more money better PR machine. They got William Donahode
Yeah, they got William Donahue clenching his teeth getting really agitated and pissed off. Ah, don't you pick on us Catholics again
672 votes. I wish Neil would change nothing 236
Take calls 189 while we're here to oblige. We took a lot of fabulous calls and we're gonna take some more soon
Maybe in a minute here. What do you think?
I can't live forever 177 stop reading stories 34 retire 24 and croak a dozen a dirty dozen said we wish you would croak. Thank you
Let's see now. What is this this book is like the Loch Ness Monster? It's a Phantom book. I know
It makes a video on Slot City pretends he's gonna keep saying it was supposed to be your last Friday
No, it says estimated chip date
April 28th to May 5th. I ordered it like October last year. I let you know there's a delay with one or more of the items in the order you placed October 29th
Amazon dot CA
John Grachowski the slot machine answer book second edition how they work how they've changed and how to overcome the house advantage
I'm gonna tell you man the dollar wheel of fortune slots that would buy our so tight you couldn't slip a
curly hair in there. That's how tight they are
Good thing there's a space when there's nobody winning anything and everybody's belly. I can like yesterday
Yeah, what's going on here?
And of course like schmucks we keep telling him about shouldn't play those man
I should go straight to the $5 machines
If you're gonna lose two or three grand you can lose it in 10 minutes and get out of there
Or if you're gonna win something big there's that alley felchie guy again on the CNN
That bald headed queen with a vest is the vest supposed to make him look like some kind of intellectual or
intellectual fang or what?
Oh my god
It's just a more efficient by by coming together they'll cut some so sad
673 on x-pulls x-pulls very quiet this morning
Yeah
Yeah, he was just tipping the food guys. Thank you. Oh, I see there. No mr. Diet is eating from how is again probably like no wait
Let's find out what he ordered I ordered scrambled eggs and wheat toast. Oh
God are you kidding me? Oh, I got a great
Diet story, okay?
What was down in my pile here a little bit. I got another good story too the wolf blitzkriegs gonna be pissed off about Jewish liberals to launch a counterpoint to a pack
It's about time
When I'll all bunch of far-bison Zionist okay like wolf blitzkrieg that idiot a
Large study offers the strongest evidence yet that a diet the government recommends for lowering blood pressure can say people from heart attack and stroke
Oi
Researchers fall for more than 88,000 healthy women for almost 25 years. What why is it that these diets are always
Year to women
Seems to me. I see a hell of a lot fat guys as well as fat women like especially the big the dark black women with the big asses
You know because for the most part women are the ones that try to lose weight
On other words men don't go on that ass Zach about that sitting right there across from your of the ass
How you doing on that the program Zach I'm almost down 30 pounds. We'll see it too. You can see it in his neck
Thank God you can almost see his neck and the beast by the way doesn't want to hear any more suggestions
Anywhere a crap from your close personal buddy their Joe Rose. He's sick of it. No, he's had it
He wants to be fat and disgusting. He's in time to be fat and disgusting. Okay, leave him alone
He's a good guy. He's doing the best he can he made a baby which nobody ever believed was possible
He did
Why he did do that. Yeah, he did he he reproduced
Which the thought of it to me is just so gruesome that I just I can't even begin to imagine but never
I get pictures of the car. No, I don't want to hear about it
Research is far more than 88,000 healthy women from almost 25 years
They examined their food choices and looked at how many had heart attacks and strokes those who had who feared best
Had any have it similar to those recommended by the government to stop high blood pressure
We'll do the break and when we come back I'm going to give you the bad news about what we're supposed to eat okay
Biggest names the best
You know his new projects
Thanks for later
Oh
I think
There's always so much we can do
I think life was up to me the oldest thing for you
Oh
I don't have to go
I don't have the word
I don't know
Because life was oxygen you know found a brand new man
Look up the hoover
Such a bad out of splash you can
Such a bad out of my baby
Such a salient lead
Such a bad out of my baby
Hey
17 get that hoover out baby and get the old long you that's right suck that fat right off my public
So before I finish and tell you what was supposed to lose weight and be a healthy and live forever
Let us my good friend Ken from a Tobico right off the street there
Leave it to a Toronto listener who listens online leave it to somebody here to send me the time jica blog
How do you like that did anybody fax it to you?
Nope
Anybody from down there sent it to me on my my space no
Ken from a Tobico who's a good guy he sent it to me and I looked it up to see if it was sometimes blogging sure enough here it is
Little Tommy jica who continues being bald and stupid he writes Neil Rogers isn't going anywhere Randy roaches back
Rogers is agreed to new five-year contract with wqm which will keep him on here through 2013 he should live so long
But he'll cost for a substantial pay cut more reflex to the financial situation of the station than Raj's performance
However Raj's will still be the highest paid personality in South Florida radio and it won't be close
It won't be close to see oh
Yeah, they're paying big bucks over there a cheap channel. Let me tell you even George is making ten times with their pain over there
I am
Yes, wow
That's a reduction is 50% the stations reported original offer
Rogers would still be making the neighborhood of 500,000 to 750 grand a year which is a pretty fancy neighborhood 500 grand
I'm going to work for that kind of money time. You're a crazy person
What when you come up with that number
George I don't know back home
I thought you know what and here's some more misinformation boy Tom. Oh, you should have talked to me first
Speaking of neighborhoods Rogers might be returning to South Florida from Toronto sometime and then out to distant future
He's dropped hints to this effect on his 10 a into 2 p.m. Program lately. Thanks for the promotion for the show though Tom
I might be returning he's scheduled to be back for at least a weekend to appear at Gulf City in Park, May 17
Data of the prequel states the second jewel of third-grad racism's triple ground Gulf City will have sound cast weightry on a race
See nice promotion for me and nice promotion for Gulfstream nice job there Tommy except for the misinformation course
but nevertheless
Rogers might be returning to South Florida from Toronto sometime and then out to distant future
Yeah for that weekend
Roads was suspended last week by scare America now she's you using that phrase I have a spy report on that which I don't want any more
spy reports
I don't care about her okay small potatoes believe me
They can hack about her on CNN New York Times the Wall Street Journal the weekly reader
Prove though whatever they want it's of no consequence to me
She is strictly a results
Roads was suspended last week by America for outrageous profane put down this whatever Clinton and some of her supporters in an offer speaking engagement
So she quit and returned to Palm Beach and is resumed her program on WJNO for a new syndicator
By the way that program was ranked number 30 quite a brand in East Mias spy report number 30 in the afternoon in the market
How do you like that? What kind of a rating is that?
About 30 man
Out of 30 share but number 30 out of I don't know how many stations Roads is now part of the most incompatible back to back
I'll couple pairing and radio systemy conservative icon rush limbaugh who Tom worships by the way
Eris from noon to three with a hard left roads on three to six hard left
Hang a hard left at the light
Paco
691 we're approaching 700 on sax pool
Maybe you'll make 900 day okay?
9000
Take calls and you'll take calls we want the calls they were okay today and we'll take some more eventually when I'm good and ready or okay
Getting back to the story about it was staying alive for two to two hundred
Mm-hmm the plan called the dash diet
Favourites fruits
Vegetables whole grains low-fat milk and plant-based protein over meat
Vegan diet oh yeah right
Let me get right on that I beg your pardon. Let me get right on that vegan diet
Peta
I'm having a thotershies again. She's everywhere
Peta
Cazzee is two kinds of pork sandwich right now
Women with those eating habits were 24% less like that I have a hard attack and 18% less like that have a stroke
Then women with more typical American diets
Those are meaningful reduction since these diseases are so common about two out of five US women in age 50 will eventually develop cardio vascular disease
Which includes heart attacks and strokes
Women in the study where they're mid 30-30s late 50s when research began in 1980
Previous research has shown this kind of diet cannot prevent high blood pressure and cholesterol
Both of which can lead to heart attack the new study appears in the studies archives of internal medicine
Which I'm sure that you guys both read religiously. Oh, yeah, I got a subscription
People might think I don't have high blood pressure. So I don't have to follow what's at Simmons College researcher to reach a fun
The studies lead author
Remember that song by the Beach Boys fun fun fun mm-hmm got her
However, the results suggest she said that even healthy people should get on it get on it and the diet too
hop on it
And it shows a picture here. It says a vendor arranges vegetables at a wholesale market in the northeastern Indian city of
Silaguri a
gluten-free vegan diet full of nuts
sunflower seeds fruit and vegetables appears to offer protection against heart attacks and strokes for people with
Toward arthritis sweetest researchers said I don't have rheumatoid arthritis
I'm not a woman
well
Now maybe time can put that in there too. I'm having a sex change operation
If I hit around it that on the ear wouldn't that be good? Oh, yeah, well, I could have a good time
If I had a
They could do an age change operating while they're out of the movies here. I got a pretty good start. I got two hands two hands full
So what do you think about that vegan diet? No, thank you. No
I want to eat man if I didn't squeal at any of the meal
That's bad
The Lord is gonna punish your ass for a shursher
All these terrible things you need them animals and poor little animals the Lord's critters if God didn't want me to eat them animals
He wouldn't have made them taste so good
Who said they taste so good unless you put something on they don't have to talk about it well
other than a good steak good juicy steak
I'm sure they're gonna try and morten good. Yeah, you tell me that you've been to mortens
Not lately. I got a place for you when you when you come down here
Couple actually with all these on you know down there. I'm okay here. They got Mortens up there. I imagine yes
It's been a long time. It's been a long time, but uh, yeah, it's actually learned he go home
You know I'm here. Well, you are all time quiet as today. Well food showed up, you know
I'm not trying to be quiet. I'm just enjoying the conversation. You're just no, you're not you're eating
I haven't eaten yet
I gotta wait 20 minutes till my uh, so how did you like that diet plan? I just got through reading about I think it's gonna be good for a lot of people
But not for you
No nuts no no nuts for me no sunflower seeds. I like sunflower seeds no fruits and veggies. I like fruits and veggies
I love eating nuts. I like fruits. Well, I mean yeah, I know we gotta make something out of that
Yeah, I really do but most of them are like loaded with sugar and you can't right?
Like most of them of pineapple, but one not all of them
Which ones what's uh, what's a low sugar fruit watermelon watermelon water water, but if you
But it doesn't have a high glycemic index. I don't think it doesn't
I don't think so. They're all sweet. What's a non-sweet fruit
Tomato I guess you're right technically that's a fruit. I keep for you. I know my fruits mister. Okay. I know you do
697 votes on our world famous pool and thanks to Tom jicker for writing a little something there
Uh, he had some misinformation in there, but that's okay
Well, it was nothing glaring this time, you know
I'm not coming back down there. I don't I don't think I'll ever do a show there again
In fact that week that I'm coming down. That's what we can go on on vacation
Have you written that on the calendar? By the way or not? No, I've done
You better start informing people. It's about a month away alert the media
I'll be on vacation and I have to take vacation starting on that Friday because um, that's the only time I can get a flight
right
Unless the question want me to drive down in which case I could start. Hey, I can get back in aponia
Tuesday seems to be a good day for that
I wish Neil would change nothing 245 in other words, they're happy right now
Take calls 196
Live forever 186 stop reading stories 34 stop with the bedtime stories stop reading the newspaper you old fairy
34
retire 24 and croak of your knee doesn't
die on
the
Thank you
I am
The Rogers on sports hall radio
Today on dr. Fritt was doing I'm glad you're here great to be here. What happened?
I remember landing under sniper fire what there was no breeding ceremony
And we basically were told to run to our cars now that is what happened. Are you kidding me?
Well one thing you know about me is that I've been taking that incoming fire for 16 years
She is crazy and ridiculous. Yeah, and some other things that I'm not gonna mention you need serious help
There isn't any doubt, but I'm a little busy right now. I hardly have time to sleep
Are you drunk? Yes
We need a good shot. You have an alcohol problem
What in the world is going on?
sniper fired
Wow talking about fruits. That sounded like a gigantic raspberry didn't it? It sounded like a bomb wow
Yeah, I couldn't imagine what that smell like and I don't want to
732-560 WQ and we got the jerk show on a heels of another heat loss last night to the or two outer rackers right here at the scare Canada center
So jerse was here and I say I thought I smelled something last night
Hmm the aroma put me you know
Anyway, Swarovie says I understand my opponent came this morning and spent a lot of his time attacking me
So she suggested we union gathering to steal workers in Pittsburgh yesterday and she went on to say well
You know, I know that many of you like me. We disappointed by recent remarks that he made scattered booze and calls of no
No, could clearly be heard from the audience
I think it's important you know we give people a chance to really compare and contrast us she concluded
And you don't want to vote for that far to any way she said something like that
They were they showed the clip last night they were boeing and hissing him yeah you bitch you know like that
You shrill bitch
9 on a pole don't be sorry
Oh there protecting the pope look at the security oh yeah five months and listing 27 state local and family
For that
And when you're that evil you need a lot of a work for it last you think that the
American taxpayers are subsidizing the Catholic Church and the Pope for this visit by paying for that security when everything if we were
That would be an infomnia
That would be disgraceful but nevertheless
Continue if I didn't know what a nation says right wing ABC radio talk show host John bachelor is filled my box
In these last 18 hours with emails dissecting and scouring what Obama meant when he said at a private April six fundraiser
That small town voters in economically distressed areas of Pennsylvania are bitter
Bachelor of law and Graham and Monica Crowley and Sean Hannity and rush and O'Reilly are ready and we're going to go quick to their guns to pay
No, bombers in a latest
The right has its reasons to play the cynical card. It's the Clinton campaigns rapid fire right wing populist response to Obama's remarks
That I find so troubling in cynical and sure to hurt the party in the country in the general election
Strip down what Obama was saying he addressed the trouble his campaign of hope and change was having in places where people feel most cynical about government
While he's tried to speak concretely about the conditions of people's lives
His campaign continues to have trouble making inroads among white working class voters and old economy voters
Whose idea of change isn't hope but rather losing a job or pension yet. He's narrowing the margins
In months he and the anteceded in morning Obama was counter-punching as he should be explaining and expanding his remarks
The problem is our politics don't let the American people get heard people know it's not easy solving some of these problems
But they want to feel like at least somebody is fighting for them
It's interesting. Maybe there's been a little typical sort of political threat because I said something that everybody knows is true
Which is that there are a whole bunch of folks in small towns in Pennsylvania
It sounds right here in india and in my hometown of Illinois who are bitter. They're angry
They feel like they've been left behind. They feel like nobody's paying attention to what they're going through
I can't think of much true in our politics today than what Obama's saying about how people don't feel they're being listened to
What we need is a government that actually is paying attention fighting for working people day in and day out
At a time when 81% of the country thinks we're heading in the wrong direction aren't these people bitter?
Isn't it pretty clear that our economy hasn't performed well for most people for at least a generation
And is now heading into what everyone sent he would agree are likely to be some very tough times
Recovery from this recession is also likely to be even slower than essentially jobless recovery from the last
The traditional means of jump-starting the economy dropping interest rates or boosting consumer spending
Have been substantially exhausted and their pale male unregulated pursuit is a large part of what got us in the current mess in the first place
The political this content is obvious and Obama's trying to speak to that
Americans are fed up with governments faded to do anything much for them or that they're proud of being part of
Here's how it is he's it said is April 6th remarks and a lot of these communities in big industrial states like Ohio and Pennsylvania
People have been beaten down for so long
They feel so betrayed by government that when they hear a pitch that is promised on not being cynical about government
Then a part of them just doesn't buy it
Here's where is the right generation long attack on government has done real damage to citizen confidence in government
We see it all around us every day
But surely the other critical source of citizen doubt is that government has in fact done little recently
To measurably improve their lives and give them a sense of national purpose after all Bill Clinton long considered the master politician of his age
Was basically in the business of lowering expectations of government even factor than they were disappointed
Obama's trying to amp up expectations which the right and Clintonism have tamped down
The right wing is clearly desperate ready to seize on anything to change the subject and hide how out of touch
They are with an America in financial pain
But how cynical of the Clinton campaign to claim that Obama was condescending to the people of Pennsylvania says Katrina
You vote Katrina. You want to take some call
Uh, okay
Well, why are you so we're so ready to start any of the moment but I realized I didn't say there would maybe because they're gonna wait for me to give the numbers
I don't know for the delay to catch up and then you know it'll be almost break time
So we're gonna like a little buffer there, you know, let's do it like will he teach you would say we got some buffers
Yeah, 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line
I wonder if the Pope is writing in culture and business class. What do you think?
An enormously important trip. Oh my god. Yeah, so important. What are we gonna do with him? I like more important than another
Pope coming in other getch keep what are they doing in address a man in a white dress and a russi shmata on his head
My god, they stole everything from us. Is that a Yama come by? Yeah, it's a Yama girl like I said
They stole everything from us the Pope's got a Yama Keon
I think it's got my bar mitzvah day. The only thing he's missing is the tallest, you know, we got any calls
We do them we do now we do that
Well, let's punch one up Qion hello
Yeah, you can do it hello Neil baby. Yes, I wanted to say congratulations on your new deal
I am one that is happy to hear this because there's nothing else like you and I think you're great even though
The shows aren't what they used to be there's still better than anything. I'm glad you're having a nice life
Okay, thank you sir. I have a wonderful existence. Okay
Uh
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 into Verizon singular wireless like Q a m. Hello
Hello, yes
Speaking
All right
Let me ask you one question
Why why were you watching me? I was too as a matter of fact was on a any eight thousand times exactly
Can't look away, but you know you always try to look alone nuances whatever you something you just haven't seen before
We almost have to always the one that bags up everyone at the end
But when the gun fall is in the hospital and Michael comes to visit him and there's nobody there
The first three dozen equals sonnie's funny. There's nobody here. Not that feels man. Not nothing
So is that like an indication that test you was already
You know trying to you know spoof things from from earlier
You ever see that part? No, don't you remember them are clusky the can the crooked copy chased them all away
I understand then why didn't test your problem. I mean, I'm gotten you reading too much into it
I guess but you know if test you and got moved and you thought just you know would say something about you know
I'm about my arrangement
Yeah, I gotta get a life
Thank you. Yeah, please. Okay. Good luck to you
Scoot off all his arrangement now wasn't that earlier that was before um
Tesier sold out
Yeah, I don't have the to do with Tesier. No, of course not. That was long before that was when that was when they tried to
Sasne Don Corleone from my knowledge that's before um Michael killed the solacea and mucloski and went on to a Corleone and
Merida Palonia and but a bing
Uh-oh the carbonate was
How many two oh don't the bad seven I read he votes on the pole
I still don't know why he says don't they it's dove I dove vibe and maybe he doesn't say don't they maybe he says it
We're kind of quickly
Yeah, you know, and it ain't his native tongue so
Oh, like he didn't speak a perfect Italian. Are you crazy or what mr. I don't think he did
Didn't he need a translator he didn't need a translator and remember when they were having dinner there in
In the breeze when he was talking to Apollonia's father. He's a translate for me
Yeah, father
So he obviously that good but how about when he was talking to Solaco? Yeah
No, he did get frustrated though remember. Mm-hmm. He said well what I want my was frustrated because he couldn't say it express it in Italian right
He says what I want most horror Italian is a assurance that my father won't be bothered again
What is sure it's gonna give you I'm the hunted one Solaco said mm-hmm. I missed my chance kid
But to be honest all due respect the Don was slipping five years ago could I've gotten to him
And of course Polly that's through and he sold out for all mean
The whole time
Oh
Five sixty-five years
Later
Some independent truckers say don't stop hauling freight for a test the record high diesel fuel prices
Off the road again. I just can't pay to fill my tank again
These old fuel is higher than it's ever been and I can't pay to get on the road again
I'll go roll again
Oil's profits. They are such a sin
Screaming things at those exonable men. I can't pay to get on the road again
Off the road again
Like a pack of suckers we go down the highway
Hope the gouging ends
Because the Iroh's world getting richer each and every day
It's so lame off the road again. We're making a statement. I just can't pay to get on the road again
We shut down for five days. I drive a truck and take it off the gasmy end
Because I can't pay to get on the road again. We are not gonna put up with prices like that
That's right. We're gonna go out and kill somebody because we're pretty pissed off about it
729 in a full. I don't think I want to take any more calls for a while now
I so just take your finger and put it back where it was before well obviously it's a little awkward
Burnt this way right it's very awkward. It is but whatever. That's working out okay though. Sure
Merrill and Monroe sex film and be kept private we talked about this yesterday because of course
Could there be anything more important than this? I love these kinds of stories. Hey, there's a sucks tape. Yeah, I'm gonna see it
Let's talk about it for a long time. It's not a tape. It's a film whatever
Long before they head like any video tape. Yes
A 15-minute film of Merrill and Monroe engaging in all sex with an unidentified man
Oh my god
If he kept from public view by a New York business man who's bought it for one and a half million dollars
The broker that he'll say yesterday. It'll be kept from viewing view
So you don't understand them if you put it on the internet
You could make the one and a half million back in about 20 seconds
Yeah, all right, right
Number be the collector key of Morgan city recently arranged the sale of the silent black and white film from the set of a dead FBI
Informant who possessed it to a wealthy man hadn't been a man who wants to protect Monroe's privacy
Why is it important to protect their privacy? She's been dead for a hundred years. Why is that important?
I don't know as that guy
As gay Edgar Hoover
The gentleman who bought it set out a respect for Merrill and he's not gonna make a joke out of it and put it on the internet and try to exploit her
Said remember be the collector key of Morgan
That's not his intention and I would never get my name involved if that were to happen he said
Monroe is clothed and the man's head remains out of the frame for the entire 50 minutes of the film said Morgan who watched it
They head on his shoulders that is
Monroe was rumored to have had an affair with US President John F. Kennedy and Morgan said then FBI director
Gay Edgar Hoover a Kennedy rival went to great lengths to try to prove that Kennedy was in the film was him
One of Monroe's ex-husband's late baseball grade Joe Demagio once tried to buy it from the collector for 25 grand
But he wouldn't part with it
According to FBI files on Monroe that are available on the FBI website
Morgan is a well-known collector ruins member be here from the estates of Monroe and Demagio and city was friends with Monroe's other two
husbands Jim Dirty and Arthur Miller
Oh boy, how come she married such ugly guys? I don't get it. She did. I mean not just ugly, but I mean real
Real ugly and believe me. I know real ugly. She had no taste apparently
But doesn't that always happen?
Not always not often enough. No often
Not always
The hot chick married some gruesome nasty other than like Reese widest one although she's not that hot
Yeah, she's right. Well, she married one philip. Maybe he's got that eyesight. He must
He said he learned of the existence of the film I'm working on a documentary about Monroe who died August 62
40
Six years ago almost at age 36 a
Former FBI agent told him about it Morgan City confirmed it by tracking down the son of the FBI informant who had provided a copy to the FBI
I thought the FBI agent was embellishing it for my documentary. I never once believed it till I pulled up the FBI document
referring to the film organ said the lead informant son had the original while the copy remains classified in the FBI file said Morgan
Whose deal was first reported by the New York Post yesterday
The FBI agent that I interviewed said gay Edgar Hoover was completely obsessed
obsessed
A team of nine individuals were analyzing the tape inside a lab gay Edgar Hoover brought in a few prostitutes
Well, allegedly a bit of a president Kennedy and they tried to see if it really was him in other words
They were trying to look at his uh
See and oh, yeah, I recognize that it looks just like his
Wasn't that wasn't that partly a whole monica thing too that she could describe his yeah, and the Michael Jackson thing right pick it out of the lineup
An FBI spokesman declined to comment except to point out to Monroe
The Monroe files available online which refer to the film but make no much to give your Hoover's purported interest
Well, of course not because that would be bad for the FBI
That this ridiculous hateful queen was like I had all these
File secret files on everybody from Martin Luther King to the Kennedys everybody else had a lot enemies gave Hoover
I'm surprised they didn't out his nasty aspect then
And believe you me. I have a feeling here. I really nasty answer. He had something on everyone who might probably
Yeah, that's right. It was a stalemate. Right. They ever have a stalemate
Yeah, no comment and no no answer this sir
736 votes on the poll. I wish Neil would blank
Change nothing 264
Take calls to await we took more today that we've taken in months
Don't you feel all excited about it? I'm all a dither
How about you Zach you still eating? No, I'm almost done almost done. Yeah, I'm done
Almost done. I'm eating slow. I'm eating slow. That's how I why is that is that better? It is it is
It is full
That's it
Don't you know the slower you eat the less you eat
Say who one of those things it's an ancient Chinese secret. That's right
George. I would you would take calls to await live forever 191
Stop reading stories 38. Boy, that's a big drop off only 5% don't like the bedtime stories
Well, guess what your mama your mama's so socks and hell how do you like that
Retire
25 well, I don't even know why they're bothering to write that
To answer to vote for that when when we just had the new deal time jica and very jackass both said
I just had a new deal for five more years after this year through 2013
2013
Do you know how far off in the distance that seems?
Uh really far oh my god, and I wish Neil would croak 13
Isn't that touching? Oh
I wish Neil would croak and die I should have put on their dial wicked death that would be good
South Florida for you man
It's only 13. It's only 1.7% of the audience
Almost 2% of the audience wish I would croak and that's why they're listening right now because they hate well
They're waiting for you to croak on the air. They won't have it. No, they're not they hate they hate me like poison and they it fills a need it fills a void
They have this masochistic desire for me to be here every single day even on a weekend they get all depressed
Never get the press down the weekend because your routine is like I mean, I know it's on stupid
No, especially for a guy like me that gets up early in the morning and goes to woodland and Saturday morning and 1.900 bucks
I was passed out sick this week. It's over so happy about that. Oh, they see there you go. It's not a lot of plans
I mean Chris
I think Chris finally is coming around now
He's not there to defend himself today, but Zach knows he gave me all kinds of grief
Because he couldn't understand why we'd get up early in the morning because I don't want to go when it's really crowded
I don't like being in the middle of smelly crowded pushy old people that walk around like zombies that push
That practically push you down or they're you'll say excuse me. Excuse me. You try to get by you know
And they act like they're deaf dumb and stupid they might be
God
Don't give me wrong. There's a lot of fine people here of all kinds and a lot of very polite people except when they're driving and
Except when you would like them to get out of your way
The old ethnic man the old and like the Eastern Europeans the Russians. Yeah, I don't think they get out of the house much
except for that
It's just it's nauseating. I mean can you see me and and the old the Chinese man? Oh
My god, there's nothing like an old Chinese man
No clue
Clueless and shoeless
But I was quite a surprise I had the surprise visit from Todd direct this morning
Mm-hmm. Our sales department. What I'm sorry for you. He brought Duff in just in case
Did he really which I thought was very funny. Yeah, did he really is like like a
Had to hide me size behind some of these coattails or behind some of these apron strings
I got some apron strings. I talked to him and do it as I know you can talk to him directly
But I said don't say congratulations and other than another crap and of course what's the first thing he said? Yeah
Nobody listens to me. I got good advice and nobody will take it. I take it. Thank you Todd direct who else he couldn't
I'll congratulate you like that man. Yeah, who that was he kidding man
He hasn't sold anything on his show since Jesus was an infant
And all of a sudden the day after I'm signing this deal all the sales people running are all we got live free on this and we got a live endorsement
All of a sudden man now it's fashionable to be selling the near-roger show
I'm just broke just out of spite. How do you like that if Todd directs all something I might actually die just out of shock
Because we know how good he is on the copy too. He's really on top of that. Yeah, all right sure
As this branch much though. He's the best
1156 for minutes till noon at 560 WQM
Latening and I like scrubbing my smelly grilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near-roger
I'm gonna use the hour
I'm very old that's why my head hangs down loose and the room
I see my toes protruding from my gown in my booties
oh
I spent my hours because my
I
So far I bowed six dollars in loose change and my color keys
Hold my hair down, hold my head up, hold my hand up
Oh, just hold my hand, oh, just hold my hand, oh, keep on right down.
Okay, the Pope is dying over there.
I'm dying over here.
In the blue and smoke, people.
Oh, I just did.
Look at that.
As Marelda quives us on the line with this, as Marelda,
we can take these things.
We can take these things off.
We can shut down.
As Marelda and the four tops, they got tourists.
You see that?
Yeah, what about it?
Nobody cares.
I don't.
But it's breaking news.
Breaking news, somebody just farted in a vice-chester.
How do you know?
I can smell it.
I just did.
I can smell it.
Can you smell it?
No, that's George.
All right.
I did just fart.
And he's been sick.
Yeah, I'm just talking before about those, you know,
you're really sick.
I just shut the door.
I was sickly, sickly gas.
Right.
Oh, it's like, oh, my God.
It's like really queasy.
That's right.
It's not the first time this morning.
He's dropped it.
What I would do is I'd run into a hot shower real quick
and turn the, oh, steamy.
Turn that real hot water on, real up, you know, I'm so pretty.
758 on the pole.
And we're never going to make no thousand with that.
I'm telling you that right now.
But so you're going to exact just hit that,
we'll make it.
We'll make it.
No, you won't.
I haven't got a chat in my sense in hell.
It's some calls today, though.
And boy, I bet you the audience is pretty excited about that.
I know them were really what I would say memorable.
The only thing memorable was the fact that there actually
were some living and reading people out there.
How about the first call, the telemarketer?
Yeah, that was the best part of the role.
She was excellent.
Jewish liberals to launch a counterpoint to APAC.
Oh, this is so long overdue.
Jeweliebrem and the Wolf Blitzer must be really crying
their eyes out.
Yeah, they must be bawling, so to speak.
Some of the country's most prominent Jewish liberals
are forming a political action committee
and lobbying group aimed at dislodging
what they consider the excessive hold of neocons
and evangelical Christians on US policy toward Israel.
The group is planning to channel political contributions
to favored candidates.
And perhaps a half dozen campaigns this fall.
The first time an organization focused on Israel
is tried to play such a direct role in the political process
according to its organizers.
Organizers said they hope those efforts
couple with a separate lobbying group
that will focus on promoting an Arab-Israeli peace settlement
will fill a void left by the American Israeli Public Affairs
Committee or APAC and other Jewish groups
that they contend to title to the right in recent years.
Did I say title?
What?
Chiltset to the right.
Oh, recent year.
Well, I'm not reading well.
Maybe your head's tilted.
That could be it.
Maybe my head's tilted to the left.
Oh, I tried it.
It hurt.
The lobbying group will be known as J-Street.
What do you think about that?
J-Street and the political action group as J-Street PAC,
the executive director for both will be Jeremy Ben Ami,
a former domestic policy advisor, and a Clinton White House.
The definition of what it means to be pro-Israeli's
come to diverge from pursuing a peace element
said Alan Solomon, a prominent Democratic Party fundraiser
involved in the initiative.
In recent years, he said we've heard voices of Neocons
and right of center Jewish leaders and Christian evangelicals
and the mainstream views of the American Jewish community
have not been heard.
People like David from, for example,
who was on one of those talking head shows on Sunday on CNN.
What do they call that show with that press?
No, not ETH press.
Were they diagnosed the median?
All out of the crap?
What was that a bad show?
I don't know.
A horrible show.
Solomon is a top fundraiser for the presidential campaign
of Barack Obama, but the organizers include supporters
and fundraisers for both Obama and Senator Swilery.
Many prominent figures in the American Jewish left,
former lawmakers,
new government officials,
and several prominent Israeli figures
as well as activists who raised money for the democracy
alliance and move on.org are also involved.
A controversial essay in 2006
by two eminent academics, Harvard, Steven Waltz
and University Chicago's John Muir Shimer
argued that a powerful pro-Israeli lobby
that includes Jewish groups, evangelical Christians
and others has actively served to steer US policy
in a pro-Israel direction, often against US's national interest.
The essay pre-cursed it with 2007 book triggered
an angry debate among supporters of Israel and beyond,
and even those who've been critical groups,
such as APEC, the most influential pro-Israeli
lobby group in Washington, said the thesis was either
wrong or overdrawn.
A genesis of this is really the frustration
on the part of a very substantial portion
of the American Jewish community that despite the fact
that there's brought support for a peace-oriented policy
in the Middle East, there doesn't seem to be the political
will to actually carry it out, but on me said,
we haven't been effective at transmitting the message
that there's political support for these positions
of the American Jewish community and their allies.
So as far as APEC is concerned,
and Jew Lieberman and Wolflet's Quake,
Hubsay and Dread, got it?
Got it.
Good, get it.
So what day is your big lunch with Joe Bell?
Do I order?
Probably not gonna go to lunch.
You know, you see, if you really wanted to be,
have kind of a leg up on the thing, so to speak.
Mm-hmm.
Stop thinking about that, having a leg up on Joe Bell.
Boy, what kind of a position would you have to take
to do that?
Where's the image it like you?
Wouldn't have to stand there.
Anyway, maybe buying a lunch would be a good idea.
All right, I gotta be by my own side.
Of course, a guy like him is gonna accept.
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be something if he accepted?
So okay, George, I'd be great.
I don't know, he makes a lot more money than I do.
Well, you think he's gonna pay for it out of his pocket?
You think he don't have an expense account?
Even with East Chief bastards?
Oh, you never know.
That'd be a good idea.
Let's play that bit.
Pay your bill, that's what I'm talking about.
Oh, over and over again.
How long do you think, how many seconds do you think
before I get an email saying,
oh, you know that the signature wasn't really a carol
and be deleted.
30 seconds to lay, plus another 30 degree email.
Yeah, about two minutes.
I wish Neil would blank.
768 votes.
Change nothing, 276.
Take calls to 15.
We took some calls that will take some more as a matter of fact.
Aren't you excited?
Woo!
I don't know what the screen or stick my finger,
deep in my nose.
Live forever, 196.
Stop reading stories, 40.
Like that one you just read there about those Jews.
Retire, 26.
Retire!
No.
In fact, the reason I sent a contract was just to piss off
those people who keep telling me,
we're tired!
No, I'm gonna be here forever just to piss them off.
Just aggravate them.
Even if I worked for nothing.
Croke, oh, I look at that Eric and Bella should a little bit.
Croke and Diawik are dead, 15.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha,
At a boy, Eric.
And then the best part of it is,
I think Eric was one of those who voted for it.
Now, Eric loves me.
Eric is, he's one of the tried and true staples of this show.
We can always count on Eric, you know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
We have a technical problem like that thing with the
a backup power supply.
You know what's happened?
Everything is nice and quiet now and everything is calm down.
I have to be empathic.
As a matter of fact, I hate to admit this,
but I feel so much less stressed out now that we assign that thing,
you know?
Maybe that sounds silly to you.
But when you get to be 100 years old,
security, job security, especially during these times,
you know, these perilous times in which we live.
Right.
Yeah, I can relate.
Job security is not a bad idea.
No one at your next paycheck is coming.
And by the way, Jolly Jo's done a great job with that.
The checks actually show up a day or two early every time now.
At a boy, Jolly Jo, thank you so much.
See?
Now I'm kissing his fat ass.
What do you think of that?
Uh-huh.
Well, I think, you know, as long as we're going to be here
a long time, and I'm assuming you will be too,
although you never know with it.
I'll let crap you were talking this morning.
Yeah.
Well, George needs more money, okay?
George needs some more money.
That's all.
All the money they're saving from not paying me anymore.
They ought to give you a little bit of it.
Not too much.
Because if they give you too much,
then you'll get used to it, you know?
Oh, yeah.
And then you'll spend it.
Oh, right.
Yeah, you know, whatever you'll make, listen to me.
Whatever you make, you'll spend it.
And I can tell you.
Yeah, well, getting out of debt would be a great place
to start spending it.
Well, why don't you have your pay off on your bills?
Sure.
Here you go, Joe.
Just hand him the bills.
Mine too.
No.
No, we don't care about your bills, okay?
You've got to...
I mean, you should kiss the guy that you got back in there
after Mo blew you out, you know?
Don't, don't, don't, don't.
And then you didn't have the balls to come on here
and tell the audience it's a truth about it.
They were in a vice.
Your balls were in a vice?
Not nice.
It's a device.
It's a device, yeah.
Yeah, the moment he did the good, I'm not your backpack.
That is a good bit, though, because if that wouldn't have happened.
None, he did he do that before you got candy or afterward.
No, like the day after.
The day after, right?
Or click on that.
Man, he's right, he's timely, he's topical.
If it happened, like in the mid-1950s, he's on top of it.
Like Ozzy and Harriet.
Life was Riley.
Now you haven't lunch with him any time soon, like today.
Like we had a conversation since last time you asked five minutes ago.
Yeah.
No, it was like hours ago.
And?
Normally, I would have lunch with him today, but I'm B.C. with taxes.
Guy, in your income bracket actually has to pay taxes.
That's amazing, isn't it?
Tragic.
It's American F&W.
If I didn't have to pay taxes the last ten years, I wouldn't be here right now.
You'd be talking.
Hey, everybody.
It's a beautiful day, man.
It's sunny.
Let me take a look at what the temperature is right now.
Let me take a puke at it.
Nine.
Going to be 12 today, 16 tomorrow at 61.
20 on Thursday, that's 68 freaking degrees, and 19, 66 on Friday.
Spring is sprung, baby.
I've no or a thine at a time to get out of that place.
You know what I mean?
Well, time jikesses, I'm coming back down there, forever.
I'll be a good day for today.
Of exploding balls.
Did you see all the eating out of the West Book?
Yeah, I know what that is.
Sure.
Couldn't possibly be us.
What you're back to back?
Where you home?
Wait for long, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What you're back to back?
Where you home?
Wait for long, no, no, no, no.
I gotta think about on top of getting raped, and I don't need a rating that's a minus eight.
Don't care what you do.
I'm gonna send a snort.
You gotta wait a little hotter on the guess to your block.
A roll shit gets to go.
There's a lot of fat producers, you know.
That's right.
Watch your back.
That's that.
Well you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, but you're back, back, back,
Well you won't wait for no more, no more.
Oh, brother, all that blah, blah, I don't know this thing.
Now you can eat from a trot while you're in both hands.
That big fat patch of meat are raining smooth.
You just might climp in it all your fault.
That is straightened your fat ass out.
That roll will take the food out of your mouth.
That's right, that's your fat fat.
Yeah.
Don't know where you're going, don't know oh my, no.
Watch your back sack, because you never know who's wielding that described
Sharp knife who's gonna that's sure that's getting ready to stick it in there, you know, I mean
I'm always watching my background here
1218 a few of you know, what do you mean by that who we got now that's oh, that's right you got jerks
It's just the business, you know the nature of the beast jerks who did not call me yesterday and invite me to well
He probably didn't have my number
Don't give him my number
He I'm sure you would have called him if I take me to like an early dinner, you know before the heat
Lost you guys out of strip club. I can see it him buying you lap dancing. Yeah. Oh, yeah, right
Obviously too much drugs are affected what used to be a fine mind your
790 votes on the pool. Let's take some calls. What do you say 5 6 7 0 5 60 boy? I'm all whipped up today like I said
I feel like I got a decent life plus it looks so beautiful outside and
Guess what's gonna happen to a clock? You're gonna go to whip right?
right
And floods my gut zone have a good time of win maybe 20 30 grand when I can have maybe a $1 jackpot on the wheel of fortune
That's a sucker back that dollar wheel of fortune bring a plastic bag just in case for what the can't have any
No, just gave you have an accident
See one thing about woodbind is they have lots of fine
Tea rooms all over the facility there within arms reach well almost
Oh, I will say this I can think of a couple of occasions speaking about when it's really crowded and those damn old Chinese mom
Won't get out of your way and you know, and I'm kind of waddling back toward the magic room back there and
And like some old fart will get in your way like and not move
Yeah, and then you take a step and then all of a sudden they take a step. It's like they're like a
Baddering ram like they're in you like a obstacle course. I've noticed that about old people not that you know
They're at the top of their physical game anyway, but obviously they're not in a hurry
So they shuffle right they shuffle so they must presume you're not either
That's not that they presume anything about you they're not even or they don't even know that you exist
They don't care that you're not okay. You're not there
Yeah, I'm gonna get off that damn wheel of fortune
I'm gonna start playing me some stuff with some thing. I'm gonna play that mega bucks and win millions
You'll see and then I'll take care of George
All right, higher a hitman
Either way problem solved
You'll be okay
All right, you know you just get so yeah, it's only April 15. It's a taxi right
Now why on taxi you're all whipped up and worried about money stuff like that
Because I might be now don't you have like some money coming back I do
And but you still haven't filed yet. I was gonna do that Friday, but I was sick
So would you wait until last day?
I just want to understand about people like you's yeah
You haven't filed yet and you need the money back to refund right badly obviously well there was a chain of events
Yeah, a shame yeah, I shouldn't await until the front
I should before you would be back and like March would have been good like a little a March
There's no question, but nevertheless
Comes down to me and I have to wait for long
No, I'm not about that. I'm normally is gonna send you to me normally a little family normally normally
I do file as early as possible, but this is about that big fat check that the government's gonna send you in your family
I can't wait
Are you gonna get one? Yeah?
Now let me ask you this do you get that check if you filed last year or you have to file this year before you get that check?
You have to file this year you're positive. Yes
I'm not filing till later. I got a extension off what extension. Yeah, you know what I need an extension
How many straps does it have six?
When you hear this you're not gonna know whether to laugh or cry all right
Seriously and these are the kind of stories that just I shouldn't even read them because they're so depressing to me. Oh great
That's the American way
Now I dump that one and that's not the one had the I thought that had a let me try this one one of these has got like a better
Bleep in it
You know what I mean? No
That's the American way there's the one okay. Oh, I see it's got like three little stars after okay
I can't even figure out my own system here for stuff that's been like kind of doctored and cleaned up
I think it's like BC and AD and like that
BJ before Joyce
Everything has to be so sanitary now. We have to be so careful. I thought we were taking some calls
Waiting for you. Oh, but first the story. Okay. You got some. Yeah, Q. I. Am hello
See a ribbon Jones Q. I. Am hello
She went there. Yeah, we're just making sounds in the background. We still know who it is
Yeah, Q. I. Am yes. Yes, I make Donald you buy a big Mac and you get the second one for a penny
Yeah, all right, then buddy problem solved
George would be right over lunches on George got anymore. Yeah, go ahead Q. I. Am hello
Good afternoon. Good afternoon, sir
True story got father Trillion
Yes, I was auditioning for the role of Sonny Corleone James Con made a recommendation for the part of Lucca Brassie
He has just come off filming Ryan song and the recommendation was made for dick podcast
To pay to play
Look at Brassie. I was seriously considered but the timing of the taping couldn't be done around the bear schedule
So they had a pass on them. No, I'll be honest. They didn't look Italian at them
Yeah, I think much of this look of proxy. Yeah
No wonder they shot him on a cause way, you know it
There's a nice to have them there. Thanks for the good news, pal. Yeah
Oh
It's so schmalti man. It just makes you feel even the glory Mark filling even the pope is filling about that music
Because he can relate I bet you he's been essentially I bet he's got a lot of good pizons over there in citida and Corleone
Yep
Remember when no, what's his name done? I don't know Tom Tomasino pulled up in that old gelopy his right
Michael was walking with the two bodyguards and sister. Yeah, and he asked him where he was going. He looked at him
Corleone
Take my car take my now. I want to walk take my car. Please
Portontano, you know that scene where he gets shot in the foot when you're running away after a right
After done Corleone's
Yeah, I'm sure that's what he was saying
You know what you're gonna be probably sad to say it and I don't know. I'm an emotional old queen
I guess but it
It's sad to me the scene where he where he the kid when he's a little kidney escapes because they wanted to kill him
Remember they were looking for little yeah, yeah, and he gets on the boat and the ship and the rhymes at Ellis Island
Mm-hmm, and he's got like
Just a handful of stuff his life
Bloing soon his arm got a satchel there. Yeah, that's right paper back to page and
And you know, he's like all alone
Yeah, I'm really putting in quarantine because he has smallpox or whatever. They always remember them
And he's there. Here's this little kid all alone, you know
Yeah, he did all right though. Huh? He did all right. Yeah, he did okay
He did okay for little long. I'm getting Brad. Mm-hmm
Don Corleone Vito Vito and the lady from Corleone. All right Vito
And the lady and this is for you
Yeah, and you know she can cut like from
Diagol and then you push him
Not every time they kill somebody in the godfather. They got to push him afterwards or insult the carcass somehow
Kick the days like when Sonny beat the crap out of Carlo. Well, it's three three remember sure or don't for Nuccia
You know, he shoots him and then he kicks him over
Remember that yeah, of course and Sonny they shoot him on the cause weight then they kick him in the head and how about for Frankie
Pentangely when they thought he was dead too right Frankie five angels
He left him for dead
And Don Corleone says hello or this is for you. Whatever they said remember that Michael Corleone says a lot Michael Corleone says hi
And how you doing like that?
For Frankie
Well, see we've got a side-track. That's because what if the corner got this very important story that you're gonna be nauseated by about the headline
Oh, Hio considers allowing conceal weapons on campuses
I
Think for a leader. Lord even loves Neil Rogers
Join
Your friends
When you think of all the benefits you're getting
Life will be sweeter when you catch your heater
Carry a license to be deadly come on and join today
American way to be a member of the N. R. R.
Hey for the me
And always say for the head in case they're well
Sharp in your skin
Be there
Come on and join today and you'll be proud to say
All right, let's block the shoots and people because we got pissed off okay because we woke up on a wrong side of it this morning because somebody peed in our cornflakes whatever the deal is
It's been almost a year since the Virginia Tech Master could will be nine years next week since the Columbine shootings. You remember those
Yeah, you Zach Alive as he did he's eaten. Oh, he's still he's still eating. Oh, he's slowly
Jesus now it's not that he'd slow it said he's eating a sick save voluminous amount of food
No, I'm not you know, I'm thinking about getting this afternoon. You're gonna be really angry with me when I tell you ice cream
No macaroni and cheese mm-hmm cookies
No macaroni and cheese. Yeah, chocolate. Oh well. No, not cookies or chocolate you slob. I was talking a lot. I'm sorry. Yeah
Yeah, what a pig
Where the hell did I see some good cookies the other day? Oh, it was at my one of my local markets
I was checking out. I was at the checkout and I had like some you know hot dogs and cheese and
usual actin's kind of stuff that I buy when I'm planning on eating you know just eating that and of course I don't and
It's a beautiful like macadamia nut chip cookies or something like that mm-hmm. You know what I mean? Yeah
Mm-hmm. I didn't buy any though
good why I
didn't want
Can I get to this story? This is a very important. No, it isn't
And
You wonder why Norm hates you. No, I don't wonder why Norm hates me
Some Ohio lawmakers are pushing new plans to allow students to carry concealed weapons at public university
Oh, right
Some students are in favor of such a law saying that's might be what it would take to stop the next campus government news channel five in Ohio reports
Would you rather just sit there covering it a desk when somebody executes you or you rather have a chance to defend your life
That's what it really boils down to said Ohio student Michael flip craft. I wonder if Michael flitz
I wonder if Michael's got a
flip
Oh, I was one of at least eight states currently considering allowing guns on campus, but supporters know they have an uphill battle
Flip craft is licensed to carry concealed weapon on the streets, but can't bring it to school
To me it makes no sense I can defend myself legally over there, but I'm a felon if I step on a grass over here said flip craft
Utah Colorado and Virginia already allowed guns on campus although it's up to school officials to set policy
Still most students aren't convinced as they say the idea scares them and you know something in damn well auto-scaram
Somebody looking over your shoulder try to steal your answers on the exam. Turn them on and pull them away. Okay, they won't do it again
Oh
Only in America would they even be considering such lunacy
Since 1966 they've been about a dozen college campus shootings as tragic as they were experts content campuses are still among the safest place for young adults
I don't think the answer to bullets flying system or bullets flying said Ron hold of weaver state universities
And then how you say exact weaver state. Yes
Well why I don't know
Remember that great boar dick weaver?
Nope
Dick Weber
How about the Dunk harder? Yes Eddie Koalux
Buddy bull mar thermon gibson thermon monsoon not thermon gibson
Herman monsteria. So it's like lustrous John Kerry
The security chief at university since and anything's the idea is a recipe for disaster
disaster
Somebody is shooting the office of response to the scene is a person there with a gun in their hand
Now is that the bad guy or is that a citizen who's trying to help out siging for our
Flipcraft said he won't give up
I do see it in the future eventually said it might take her 10 or 15 years for it to happen
But people being able to defend their lives on campus. He said is what it's all about and the proposals gaining support of course
Because it's America man and real man like Charlton has to know
From my cold dead hands and now they're cold and he's dead to which everybody can say
All right
What you on vacation after he croaked
Yes, he croaked while I was still here
And we may have a party that day. I forget I'm waiting. I blew a kazoo. All right
Flipcraft said he won't give up. I do see the future 10 or 15 years for it to happen
But people being able to defend their lives on campus the proposal is gaining support in national advocacy group students for concealed carry on campus
Signed up thousands of people in recent months bringing its membership to 25,000
Students for concealed carry on campus
As they didn't put guns in them and it titled the group just carry on you know like luggage sure
Citizens for carry on luggage
Only crazy people would do things like this so they don't want any more violence on campus, but they're gonna allow you bring a gun out of campus
They're gonna encourage you to have a gun if they if they pass this
Everybody because everybody also have watch you don't want to be the odd man out that's not on the first day
That's right. I think that should be mandatory everybody who gets submission into any kind of a college university
Anything
Guns maybe they'll sell them at the bookstore. I got a better idea
Let's instead of it instead of these tax rebate checks that the government sending out how about sending everybody a loaded gun sounds good to me
And you know something they're showing the gas prices again now price of regular and let it rose more than a penny to
$3.38 a gallon. That's another reason everybody should have a gun. Don't pay for the gas. Don't hold up the gas station
That's right
Say I'm pumping it and you're if you want me to pay your lump in it
Right. Oh, there's a like felching again. I mean he's just he's like part of the wall paper there
He's on there all 24 seven
Him and Ricky take his sands says
They have hyperventilator
816 votes on the pool. I know are they happy that we took the cost today or what I don't think it was anything
I mean it was it was like a nothing revolutionary it was fine
I thought they were fairly interesting
The guy father guy was fairly interesting not not tremendously but okay
And the guy with a story about the old ladies in the um
Where was it in a hair place?
I forgot
See that you're not being close enough attention not taking notes on this if you're really a cover
That's what Norma says if you're really a producer doing their job you'd be taking tremendous notes detailed
Like those idiots that they they log the stern sure if you see that stuff online ever uh-huh
No, I haven't seen it on the wearer. Uh every minute of every show every day
Oh, and how he farted at 12 at the 840 and the robin
Sniffed it and she puked in like that, you know
What these people are desperately try to announce to the world is simple. I have no life. That's right
I have no life. I have no life. There's so many of those people. I have no life. I have no life
817 votes. I wish Neil would blank change nothing to 90
Take calls to 30 see a lot of people wanted calls we gave them to them what you want we give it here uh sometime
Although sometime I don't want
I'm just a friend. I what is that what
Crawler toolbars encountered a problem needs to close. We're sorry if it inconvenience look at out of here
Crawler way. What does that mean crawler toolbar has encountered a problem
You're you're using a crawler toolbar? No, I'm not like I'd like 800 toolbars up there
You know I see it as someone I see you should get rid of um, let me think all of them
No, okay. I wish you would change nothing to 90 take calls to 30 live forever to await. Yeah
I'll do it stop reading stories 44
Only 5% stop reading story that means 95% of the people we still have listening say oh, yeah, it's okay
Read on old man
Retire 29 croak and dial wicked death 16
He get away. What'll be his life if he get his major
arm the commander
Tell here his bad
Anybody has am
The same thing from our way
You vote for me  your name and food that's
I'm the
You've given up on your quest, yeah, just follow unto faith
Everybody's running bad, yeah, fascist USA
In the act of patriotism, you're watching all of you
Everyone does a suspicion, so what would you do?
This is a distortion, and all you might love is
In bush for the landmation, fascist USA
You've gotta take those jewels, and Christmas if I rose to you
Believe everything we say, on the state of renewals
Bloodwater for cornflets, fill up your escalaries
A roof in tiny bush venue, fascist USA
We don't mind to see our jobs go, about the time of his good
We're fast and they didn't buy chain, no
Back them, for he's not stupid books
All the hour is waiting, the tax of our hidden way
Everybody's turning bad, yeah, fascist USA
Alright, this is working every way, baby 1247-560-WOMER
We got the Jerp Show come up at 2, as we'll go over those stats again
From last night's heat loss to the erectors right here at the air Canada Center
I'm sorry, the Scare Canada Center
I don't want to rip off Walter's name's material
Please don't
So to prove to you that everybody is full of crap, Jim, this is a good facts, however, however
It says, Uncle God, now I know why you stopped taking calls
While interesting, Dick Buckers wasn't even close to coaching the bears yet
When the Godfather was filmed
Let me ask you a question, Zach, what years did Dick Buckers coach the bears?
I'm not sure, Zach answers that when he gets back in here
Where the hell is he?
I don't know
He never coached the bears
I was pretty sure that, and then I just googled it for the entire list of all
Maybe they're confusing Dick Buckers with Mike Ditka
Anyways, as in general the call is information about his reliable is a $1 real afforture machine
Or wet dream, right Jim?
Sorry about the five years you were sentenced to an edisolum, it says
But for selfish reasons I couldn't be happier
The Father that dump gives you as priceless for your Father
Make sure you're a stick's amount and Chris, well, whatever it's in
So he wants you to stick around but Chris, whatever
Well, I put it back in
That means of course, if you
Dick Buckers, let me know if he ever comes back
I will
He hasn't converted very much to us today, I'm glad that he's there
It's better than the alternative having, like yesterday it was just me and Chris
It was okay
I called everybody
What do you mean by that?
I called him what?
And of course, Cortus came in there in the morning to, you know, suck around him and ran out
I called him, right?
I called him, I called him, I got so much work
Try to get Greg in here
Claire did do something, Greg, one of the other morning guys, morning producers
Greg Reed?
Yeah, him
Now I can see him handling the board
That's back
Oh, it's back, so anyway, he's got a happy face of it, must have been what you said
Joyce, are we right?
Yeah
Anyway, it says, while interesting this fact from Jim, Dick Buckers was even close to coaching the Bears yet when the Godfather was filmed
72
I was asking you, what year's Dick Buckers was the coach of the Bears?
I got no idea
He was never the coach of the Bears
Exactly, like I said
Mike Dicker was the coach of the Bears, that's who I'm thinking that they're confusing here
Like that?
Buckers played for the moment he could have been
Right, as a matter of fact, Buckers was still playing in 73
Here, this is funny, it says, Norma sends me a text message or an email
And he was still playing for the Bears until 73 of Dick Buckers
Norma cancels, that is funny, I get on the card to go to lunch flip on your show and I hear you wonder why Norm hates you?
No, I don't hate George, but if there was extra money for QM to throw around, I would have made it come your way
Oh wait, wait till you hear this, G.
Keep in mind though, he doesn't hate you, of course
He says they will be grudgingly or happily keeping because you want him there, which is correct, and for no other reason
Because they're only going to offer him nominal increases at best
And as you said, he has the loosens of grandeur, which I could never realistically meet
So it's better for him to find that out from self
I said you had the loosens of grandeur?
You must have
If you have not read this on the ear, it is not for publication
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Oh, Norma, I guess, is Joseph to get back on the ear somewhere
If he'd been that funny on the light bulb, maybe he'd still be on somewhere, but we can only hope not
So anyway, they're going to offer you nominal increases, now is that going to be okay?
I mean, it depends on how nominal
Well, don't tip your hat, yeah, don't show your hand
Or your foot, or your ass, don't show it
So that indicates they might offer you some increase
Now would that be good?
We better than not
Right
We have a starting point
Yeah
Joseph says we'll offer you an extra 50 bucks a week or something like that, you say, well how about 200?
And he says, well, how about 30?
About 30, man
And then you get up and do a dump on the dinner table there in the room
Are sure he doesn't take you to that place where they took me and Bruce Beasley?
What place is that?
That place in plantation?
I have
No, wasn't the I have, it was worse
No, the soup was very good, but the steak was kaka, man, it was bad
What's the name of that joint?
It's on that arouard boulevard
And it's kind of like a cross from the brouard mall
Stated beef
Huh?
What kind of place is it here?
It's like a, like a doll's kind of place
Like one of those places I can't say a name, but it's like west, just a little bit west of the brouard mall
I'm brouard boulevard
It's a little strip shopping center
I never had heard of it before and hopefully I won't hear it again
But anyway, that's where they took me lunch like a year ago December
Can it be really a year ago December?
And that was the first time I think I met Jolly Jo Bell
Was there ever a second time I don't believe so
That's the first time we ever met, pushed to push
And you know what?
It was enough
I mean he was very cordial and very Jolly
You know, I mean if you're going to be Jolly Jo you have to be Jolly
But then Bruce Beasley was ranting on about how we want to be the best sports station in the market
And I kept thinking, what the hell do I care about that?
You know?
Why do I care about how he believes in a good
And an honest day's work for an honest day's pay
That's what you should say, George, you're willing to do an honest day's work if you can get an honest day's pay
Yeah, that'd be good
And they like that
And then tell them that you're really all enthused about that Beasley stock
And you're going to buy, if they give you a raise you're going to buy a whole bunch of it and boost their stock price up
And just make up a bunch of crap
Sure
So that's what Norma says now what do you think?
I think I did say you have illusions of grandeur
Because you think that they're going to give you a big time money there
And they're not
What?
What?
I don't even know where to start telling you what's wrong with that
Okay, well go ahead
It'll kill some good time
It's better than taking those stupid calls
I thought that they were going to give me big money when
Why do I mean big money but we're compared to what you're making?
I'm just stunned
Well
It's like we have the same conversation over and over and over again and it's like it never happened even once
Yeah, which conversation was that?
The one where you go off and bargain by yourself
And then nobody has to be bargain with anybody
I didn't bargain with anybody
I've got a lawyer, I've got an agent, he bargain
And the fact that it matters is we tried to bargain they said no this is it, period that's it
That's the, that's the, the conversation that we had more than once was hey about this time around
That we work something out altogether and you said okay great that's what's going to happen this time around
Working it out altogether men including you two guys in the deal
You're both a guaranteed job for the duration through 2013
It didn't ever mean then nor does it mean now that I'm going to demand that they pay
Anybody extra amount of money for me to have a livelihood
I have to be a crazy person to say
A guaranteed job doesn't mean that they'll make you like an offer
Like pay you any amount of money
Like they could pay you off for me less
You know, we're not going to offer you less
You never know
Well, I'm what do they, what are you going to do if they offer you less?
What are you going to say?
I guess I'll have to get a job somewhere because I can't see there's there's what you want to do and what you have to do
You see when you have mouths to feed and mortgage to pay
In other words now you're giving me the business because you think I should have insisted on what you said
Somebody negotiating a salary for you and you're free to get an offer
What I would be impression that I was under because it's what you said was that the negotiation would be done for the three of us all at the same time
And it was
Okay, but not in terms of dollars and cents you don't and Norma can't isn't your lawyer
Is not your agent he don't want to what I know but what can I tell you I found that out after the fact
Like today after you contacted the Jan Murray there
Nobody signed anything with anybody the last conversation that we had on the issue was that norm was going to be negotiating something for
Or negotiating anything I know and I found that out today not for Randy not for you yeah not for chicken I know not for a
Zack that's not what you said weeks ago I'm at your pardon what you said before the last time that we had a conversation about it was that norm was going to work something out for
I know something it didn't happen I I surprise I
Know as much as you did and I know as much now as you do the jolly Joe said this and Norma said I told normal okay and that's said
Then that I cited and Carolyn Beasley cited and we're working here through 2013 unless they make you an embarrassing offer and they chase you out
Which it says right in the contract I have a right to continue to choose my producer which is you well unless they pay you an
Invercing amount in which case we all walk out not
Georgia's staging a walk out Joe yeah just relax okay it's a 15 to 8 worry about getting your taxes paid let me get you that's it
Things will happen things will unfold because you took Joe you made him at the roller ring there I mean you guys bonding at the
Roller-Duty whatever the hell it was I could be better than that yeah take him to the strip club take him to the swing club like
What like Bob Green never worked for you really good not really I'll take care of George I'll take care of George I still feel it I still feel it not to mention the fact that
Our close personal friend Cheryl sold me down a river got herself a nice all expense paid trip in exchange for talking me
And not having an agent when saw foods went to jail I mean the audience doesn't have any idea what we're talking about we know what they find it fascinating
I am the sports leader
We have it is not the real when I'm up in Belkittiga slapping old women with painted lips around the pool I listen to the new Rogers one to two I mean I mean I listen to the new Rogers
Fair and balanced one to two hour
Whoa
I'm Hillary Clinton if you find yourself an award to an region like Bosnia or East LA you have to make sure you're protected
That's why I always wear acne bulletproof pants suits made from the strongest Kedlar
Acne bulletproof pants suits deflect weapons fire and spins my waist hips and thighs now if only acclimated a
Pantsuit that could deflect criticism when I remember
He'll just gonna put pitch suit make my butt look fast oh my other
Decotiate with the Israelis and Palestinians then answer that question yeah
102 at 560 W.D. C. E.M. It's our gigantic one to two hour on a Tuesday April 15th pay the tax man maybe or else go to jail
You know what I know here too much about anymore what those guys who used to pedal that oh you don't have to pay tax and buy our book and we'll tell you
And of course they all want up in jail
Maybe that's why we don't hear about them too much anymore that could be here is somebody who says are you thinking J Alexander's absolutely correct sir
Yeah I got the wrong correct place now have you ever been there no no don't think I'm gonna be go
I mean maybe I just got the wrong thing on the wrong day I don't know the soup was awesome and it's a
Norma got I forget what the house soup is they got some special house soup that had everything but the kitchen sink and where he said it was just fabulous
I think it's called runaway soup but it was looked really good I forget what kind of soup I had but was awesome and then the steak sucked nasty
J Alexander it might be a fabulous place I don't know I'll tell you other place they're really sucks out by me out there in
I think it's sunrise is it Fridays is it yeah okay
your song around your own yeah by the cell crossing the song yeah it's Friday sucks blows
they're all over the place though those Fridays restaurants it blows
well I sure hope they weren't going to be our two for one deal this week that would be bad
the Friday is that I'm sure it makes out yeah no well why when I why do you say that how do you know how do you know I don't
but most for the most part aren't our deals like local places more or less not change not change I mean sometimes they have more than one location
but even then it's like local places that are not a shame like blue moon fish company for example a 54 on a pool you're going to make I don't know
whatever you make will make we don't care because George has all been out of shape because normal won't get him a big raise
I think that was the essence of what he's saying in there is he's not going to be able to get you what you what he thinks you want
what I will have delusions of is making a living well then in your in this business yeah totally that 50 years obviously I'm a crazy person yes
and what business is that it's really not the radio business it's the QM its monkey business right it's the balls game business
well speaking of balls the L6 hormone may affect stock trades how do you like that but there's Ali felching again for the four
million time about the delta Northwest merger which I got that in my pile but everybody knows about it anyway so yeah why I won't get to it
why why read stories on here that everybody knows right like like all the economy is bad oh no kidding really yeah
gas is expensive oh wow the phone calls suck actually they weren't too bad today they were surprisingly there yeah not
not fabulous and of course arguing about somebody who was the coach of the bears who never was the coach of the bears that's kind of
pointless too but it was it was fun and it made me go Google it and go to Wikipedia where they listed all the bears coaches in history
international hubs in Amsterdam and Tokyo this new deal the new delta
Department of Transport have to approve this the shareholders have to approve it and right now the Northwest pilots don are not on
side with this deal so let's say it gets all its approvals six to eight months down the road I think you took the best of now he's just got the
pinstriped jacket on you know what he still looks extremely gay I think it's all on would you let me do this please
if you want to argue again about your new deal how much what percentage do you want to increase I don't know how
about 15 15 sure that's not very much no it's not a humble guy and how much you make it now now obviously not
I say I haven't got any idea I have an idea how much you're making but I'm not making as much money now as I was when I was
repoing cars 18 years ago well yeah I'm not I'm in starting next year I can say to you I'm not going to be making as much money now
as I was when I started on the state see it's a little bit different see because you're not in danger of losing your house and
becoming bankrupt and homeless how do you know I'm pretty sure my mortgage is almost paid off I'm just guessing I'm
mortgage is almost completely paid off is that a wonderful thing it is and then what then then hey Georgia's
right yeah then you refi I don't know then you get one of those reverse mortgages I don't know for you no for you
for me okay yeah for Zach look I asked not what your talk host can do for you I don't want your money man no good
because you're not getting it good I don't want it you're not getting it I don't want it why would you say that I'd never be like me
saying I don't want your money right silly a lot of people want your money I'm not one of them oh here we go with this again
huh and nothing I'm not one of them let me ask you this do I do I share my money with anybody I don't want I don't know no
okay then nobody has actually held me up and said if you don't give me money I'm going to blow your brains out I'm going to like
uh... say you on fire nobody has done that let's only the day yet that's not just
I'm going to hormone that drives male aggression and sexual interest also seems able to boost short term success at finance
but what seems to start out well can turn bad with elevated testosterone levels over several days
possibly into an irrational risk taking in court of researchers at the University of Cambridge in England
if people want to get practical to be good for both banks in the financial system as a whole if we had more women older men in the market said
John M. Coates lead author of a study appearing in this week's issue of proceedings of a national academy of sciences which I scour that every week
such a change would produce a much more stable financial system said Coates research fellow in the University's Department of Physiology Department and Neuroscience
Coates and Joe Herbert study male financial traders in London taking saliva samples in the morning and evening they found that levels of two hormones testosterone and cortisol affected traders
those with higher levels of testosterone in the morning were more likely to make an unusually big profit that day the research has found how do you like that
they were more likely to make an unusually big profit testosterone affects aggression confidence and risk taking
that means if you feel horny in the morning go to the track go to Gulfstream punch your guts out but 5,000 a win on the longest shot on the board in the first race
knock him down to one to three one to two how do you get to be one to three that's a word of that number come from
I know you pulled it out of your arse pull it out of my ass one to three arse remember what I told you about the chalk all we want with the chalk the other time see that
that's not you have to take individual situation the situation I actually figured out how you did that because if that if that six was a lock like even though it was the chalk then you were almost assured the daily double
and so yeah that's what that was the first one we were going to lay just excited to be able to say that
now walkway area where the horses lead the paddock with Roger Houston at the meadows screaming and puking and yelling just wailing like a lunatic you know he was the first
P.A. and answered poppano park little piece of trivia there for Roger Houston noted George yeah or you don't care no why not
I don't know the post parade for the fourth race five minutes to post on it the meadows David Hudson and Jerry
all the way over here it's no fun unless you're there nor is trains and gods the ones you down no that's how I would agree with that number two poker
like Randy Farf's Richard Noel and Louis Carlow Michigan and Ohio once that when you're the Rupal people all yelling at the screens and things like that
oh yeah that's great
it's crying and ripping the hair out especially making sure they know the three
loin to sharp and then they're arms around you know the four I give you my word come on my mind
come on and get my nerve get up that right train will you will very yoder not
don't you love those one of those names jodlers no yoder
no carl show all Evan city Steve show for trains and drives the Amish
what about him my sister my sister my sister maybe
grand joy joy
grand bucks and trains Brian Zan drives the sex I hope that was on the two that's one to two was that day
alone did we have the day below in this race and I'll because if not I'm not watching it
well there he is
and original four to one there was the Danish Dineberg fast paces the four
others Mike Milan trains day come on the southern and original all right and a
original well that that I remember a couple of ladies once Roger Houston was calling a race at pop and
opark and I was like I don't know where the hell I was wandering around but I was
going back to my seat and the race ended and Roger Houston and here they are scream
and one old lady says to the boy sounds like he's having an orgasm which I was
surprised is he knew anything about that quite frankly so what they heard about him
coach and Herbert study comes less than two weeks after the US researchers reported
that young men shown erotic pictures were more likely to make a larger financial
gamble and if they were shown a picture something scary such as a snake or
something neutral such as a stapler or a sexy stapler all depending what you're
going to staple what about for a guy's like you that a picture of a snake is
something erotic that depends on what kind of snake it is and what it's
attached to what if it's a rapper money and women triggered the same brain
area and man the research has said how do you like that what it's the hooded
cobra one member of that team come in a kounan an assistant professor of the
Kellogg School of Finance at Northwestern said coach and Herbert's findings
are very interesting and they help support the claim that emotional
influences financial decisions that emotion influences financial decisions
but she caused that the findings don't prove a casual link between test
us during the profitability kounan who was not part of their study termed the idea
that long term to high testosterone levels can lead to a rational risk taking
an interesting hypothesis but of course risk taking doesn't mean you're going
to win you know just because you might bet a thousand bucks to win on the
longest shot in the board doesn't mean he's in fact he's probably going to lose
the race in rumsand that's why he's the longest shot on the board
right because he's got a trineman's chance in hell that's why 8.63 and a pool
man if we make 900 that'll be just fine on a Monday the only problem is it's a
Tuesday
the best talent is no
projects 4.25.60 QAM
I think sports leader
what is that thing real?
there's lady in town
she's another doctor
and she needs to buy bread that is
unleavened
or you
and she's buying bread is said
he laid a
Oh
What
So you're all set with your remata you got stocked up Zach. I got everything together. You're not eating no masa. No, I'm not
You know what kind of people eat masa?
Who?
Fools. I do. Fools people mean aided because somebody told them well
This is the time of the year. It's paysock weed. Mots and I'm gonna eat lots of though around past over my family
I'm being a part of it. We've all said foolish people. Well, we're a little foolish. Fools Jews
Just like people that cross themselves
You know because somebody brainwashed them into doing that. This is when you live by a rote
When people condition you to doing certain things at certain times for certain reasons
You're not you're not a thinking person not living your life. You're conditioned
You know what I mean? Yes
And George is telling us he eats masa. Let's go saw all he can afford right?
That's what it's free. I should have said when I'll let me ask you something
You know you didn't pay some serious money for these gallstones deals or what same as any other parents
Which by the way we got to talk on because you're not gonna be here on the 16th and I just found out today that they had scheduled another one of those
Conjoined appearances on that day. Yeah, that's probably not gonna work out too well
You know the ones where you're up there. I know well that wasn't very good planning on their part
Well, they didn't they didn't know necessarily so we might have to move that or something
I guess we'll have to have a conversation with someone
Or I have a conversation with Steve slow and flea mm-hmm move it up a week or so be like traveling that day because in the day after the
Tessa is absolutely correct. I have to get on a plane and I have to get there. I know
Or I could leave Thursday and take off you know and an extra day
Because I'm on vacation the fun week sort of take off like about 15 days. No big good game. Probably not a good idea
So you're getting paid like see that's what I'm thinking and that's what you ought to incorporate
Yeah, that one day a week that you are somewhere else
I mean that you know appearances and things like that that all works into what I get paid in the year anyway
That's all part of it. Well, what do you mean by that? In other words just you're not getting paid extra?
Yeah, but that's part of my job that we once in a while I get appearances here and there and that's all part of what I
I just said you're not listening. Yeah, you're a good point delusional. Yeah, you're not listening to me
If it was factored in that there would sell a George appearance live every week and then add that on to what you're making
That would be another's revenue stream. That would be a source of substantial income. I'll suggest that to Joe
Yes, suggested to Joe as he suggested to flee and
Anybody that might actually sell his show which leaves Brian Schmutz and people like that who in PD Lenny would probably have you at the flea market every week
Oh, you know something would be so bad if you were to flea market
What up? I just read a comment on jikas blog there from the guy with the eyes are really so it's stated there so it's signs
How I outed out been here for the Parkour family album at the flea market. He should live so long
The only guy in town has got a David Cassidy blow up doll
8.74 on the pool of God with the eyes now he doesn't come by and see anymore like when you're Gulfstream not a Gulfstream
Well, where does he come and see?
Broward about places like oh when you hit the compensation and sunrise things. No, he didn't show up out there
And what about a lot of other people did though?
I mean with that fancy pants pretty early known they usually come as a pair in case you didn't know they come as a pair
Yeah, they're guy with the eyes and the guy with a fanny pack
Who was the security guard at the Mac arena and pulled out a gun?
I was like you're imagining a run wild
He let him go in here with a gun
Pacing that's accent bill going for the lead and the original on the outside
Inside shoot out between horses poker legend
He ended the turn they go who played a shark racing fifth I give you my
I'll tell you one thing if you're bad day Polonis race your money. You might as well burn it
He's hung for his lungs. He's parked on the outside, baby
So the guy with a fanny notice how all these people they find each other. Oh, yeah
Isn't that a bizarre phenomenon not known up bizarre at all birds of a feather
But where how do they find each other together? What do you mean?
Hatsum girl racing third right back out Randy pumps and poker legend on the
End of the turd shoot out part. I told you that story about fat rich as a try I'm not gonna sell it again
There would be bad. It would be disrespectful to the dead
About the black driver that beat him out in that one race
I'm not gonna repeat it. Okay, it would it would just be I don't know and while Randy tharps his leading this race right now
It happens to be one of the few black drivers in harness racing. He's a good one. Little Williams was a great driver, but then he died
He's been dead a long time. Little Williams
Who wanted to shot hang it on
Word
Presco blue and further back Western river go on the three quarter mark poker legend fights back three
Quatters one twenty six and three that's odd
29
Lid is sharp racing second waiting for the lightning lane. This is the kind of shows we're gonna be doing the next five years
You know lots of hope
Down the stront say come poker legend and original light
Bang Lane outside
Loydus John coming to the wire poker legend and original
In the light thing lane they pull on a three to one baby. There's an eight dollar horse for you
Just like taking candy from a baby
What about tell you
877 votes on
Zack's pull I almost said Chris Chris will be back tomorrow. We're assuming right I
Yeah, do we know because I say we had no George today. We got no Chris
Jesus Chris can we get this to think back together getting a little continuity going that's why I'm here
What does that mean that's comfortable you're there to eat okay? Don't be SD audience they know better you're there to eat
I heard that you're passing out checks. That's why I'm here
But you've added the show today. I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Himmler and Greg Reed
I don't know that I would wish it on scurrying
So Todd rec really came in behind Duff's purse strings this morning. That's amazing is apron strings
Yeah, he brought Duff it is like a spare and I'm not even there
I mean it's one thing to be so much of a win if you won't come in by yourself
What I'm sitting there in a chair, but I'm a 1200 miles away
The ghost of me and he still doesn't have the balls to come in here and talk to me like a man
What a joke Todd rec and this is the same guy always afraid to have blood drawn because he's queasy
He passes out. He faints when he gives remember that yep
It was all bent out of shape about his cholesterol and how it runs into family and he's gonna croak
And yeah, I kept saying well why don't you go get your blood drawn?
Get you find out what your cholesterol is. Oh, I'm so queasy. I can't do that needle scare me to death
If needle scare him I wonder how about gun
Todd
And you were I wouldn't this to the performance so as the Lord was duff saying while this was going on
Is he just he was just a standard?
Shaking his head saying to himself boy what a puss
I'm not sure if that was talking about you me or Todd's record maybe all three knows. Yeah, it might have been
Well, he knows his puss that duff
He's a no-call that yeah, well, he's he's a big golfer, you know, yeah, yeah, he's a putter
And Zach let me just tell you this okay. No, you don't want to hear this all right
I don't ever want to hear while I'm sitting here. I mean, I don't I don't listen to the station
But when I'm sitting here in the morning before George and or Chris come in and I have the pot open and the
Audio is coming from there. I don't want to hear about Tiger Woods anymore
I don't want to hear his name. I don't want to know from him
I don't care if he's winning by 80 strokes out of her if he's losing by 100
I don't care and you know what neither is anybody else. I'll write that in my notes
Yeah, since you're the executive I want you to make an executive decision that between 825 and the morning and 845
No more Tiger
Hold that tiger. I'll see what I can do. God
Bap-bap-bap if I'd rather hear about the Chinese checkers turn around
Well, that's not a point. This is that logic
60 QAM
The course leader all the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
Senator Larry Craig is denying any wrongdoing despite a guilty plea stemming from an incident in an airport
Venture a defiant statement Idaho Senator Larry Craig
I am not gay. I have been gay. I
I have been gay
I
Go I go I go I go I go
In 1982 the newspaper reported Craig had sex with a man in a bathroom at Union Station in DC
But now I know your day. So it's all good girlfriend
1131 a QAMs and in line with that a Washington, Jury is convicted Debra Jean Palfrey
Who became known as as the DC Madam on four counts including money laundering and record tearing connection with running a
prostitution ring and there's a picture of her here and
Wow is she ever me as or what have you ever seen her? No, that lately God
Maybe when she was younger, you know like maybe 70 years ago. Maybe she looked hot look warm
Palfrey was accused of running an escort service in DC as a front for a high priced prostitution ring
She was tried on federal charges including racketeering and money laundering the fence attorneys argue that Palfrey only sold appointments
And had no control of her employees or clients actions
It was she just making appointments like show up at you know 730 show up at nine
Employments to do what well nothing just an appointment
13 minute of work for Palfrey testified that she never discussed sex with them
But that it was an implied part of the job three clients also testified in the trial
Palfrey's lawyer pressed and burdened rest of his case yesterday without calling Senator David Vitor of Louisiana's a witness
Vitor was on notice that he might have to appear during the prostitution trial another good upstanding Republican
Moralist
You think that the picture would make Marilyn Monroe an oralist ooh
According to local news radio WTOP the case marked the first time that federal racketeering laws were used to go after prostitution ring
Palfrey's prostitution ring operators what she claimed was a legitimate sexual fantasy business in which sex was not exchanged
What was any exchange you know traded like for something else cookies
Baseball cards true. So start now you're trying to get on normas good side start with the baseball card. Don't need
Not gonna work you think you start I think I'm trying to try and he's trying to say and you don't understand it
Is if he if the best he could do for me was to get this humongous pay cut?
What makes you think that they're gonna give you a whole bunch more money? I
Didn't think they were gonna give me a whole bunch more money or even a little more money
Since they're already paying me a little bit of money a little more would not be that much more
I think what they had to do is take just a little chunk out of what I'm giving back
And pass that along to you that would be fine
Well, that's where you are. That's that money. Have you when you have your big lunch at J Alexander's with Bruce Beasley and and
Jolly Joe, maybe we'd go to some of the fine places that we've been you know selling certificates for
That would be fine right that be great like high-life cafe or Blue Moon fish company
Yeah, I was someplace nice with really good stakes
And we'll put a hidden microphone there. Well broadcastable tape and move a great idea cast till hidden camera, too
Le Palme, I know just what kind of deal is being laid there so to speak sure we could arrange that too
892 votes on Zack's polls that has been in a coma today. Have you guys ever rough showed this morning or what now?
It's just
Just being quiet today
Just lying you two just jibber jabber and me push the buttons. Would you call me?
You're a jibber. Oh, jibber jabber
You say you're a dead I'm the jibber and you're the jabber. Uh-huh. George wants the jabber. Whoever she is
The Delta Northwest merger would if approved would create the world's largest airline wow
Aren't you excited about it?
Whatever and of course Northwest is also KLM you can fly to Amsterdam on that
With my 80 trillion frequent flyer miles. You know how many frequent flyer miles I got I don't know 100 a zillion
A gazillion and of course when you want to use them all there's no seats available on that day
Well, what about today before that day neither any date you pick whatever date you give me
I'm gonna tell you there's not available on that day
That's the way they work. Have you ever tried to use frequent flyer miles?
You're funny. That's good. What do you mean brother me? You don't have any flyer miles. That's rich. Yeah, Charlie
No, would you have never done that much flying that you were accumulating in that that's right
Why not?
Because I'm a schlepper
Maybe maybe I'll pass along maybe that's what I can do for his pass along all those frequent flyer miles. Oh fly to Montana
There's a nice. I'll keep them
That's a beautiful place. You're gonna waste those miles would not be a waste
Why don't find a van Coover somewhere useful? Okay, where it might be great because it is
Montana there and you have the most glayish attaicin North Carolina Montana
Oh, you've been through this you like to go to other cities. I already live in a city
I like to get away from the city when I go on vacation not to mention that's where my family is the other half of it
My sister my nieces and great nieces. There's Cubans in Montana. Yeah, I've got a man know about it sure
They fit right in we talk about this. There's Lou dobs know about it because he's right
He owed if he finds out their white Republican and love guns. Yeah, like I said
Lou dobs himself personal will show up to a victim
I'm gonna tell you something the poll is not I this is a spastic day. I don't understand it
We've had this humongous response on our our website when all these requests for I know what's going on in there
But the poll itself maybe it's cuz Zach is here today. Let's play the head
Yeah, why not is the new poll off they're ready to switch. Oh, yeah, thank God for that
Wait till Zach here's the new poll George will hate it. I can't wait
What's the most this is from Sean and Hollywood by the way your close friend George don't get too bad out of shame
I will what's the most exciting play in sports
Okay, go for it. Oh, and you know what he left off the obvious winner on here
He's got breakaway goal hockey, but he doesn't have the penalty shot
Jesus Sean what is wrong with you penalty shot much better?
Yeah, I'm I might it will end that on there. Can you add that on there to tomorrow's?
Yes
The most exciting playing sports here's the list. He's got play at the plate
Kick return for touchdown stock our crash stretch run and horse racing fast break inside the park home run
Salkey crash. Oh, that very nice Sean Salkey crash cool. I understand breakaway goal and hockey alley hoop
Hit her goal in soccer knockout punch
Manador toss stealing home heel Mary five on three penalty kill suicide squeeze now
I had it I hate sports and then the penalty shot
So he's got alley you pervask. Oh, he doesn't have buzzer beater
At the end of the game once okay buzzer beater is good and then on there buzzer beater
And what about what about the shootout and hockey penalty shot gotta be on there
Yeah, but that's not a penalty shot. That's it's the same thing, but it's not
Difference yeah, there's yeah, there's a difference right shoot out
You get all these George no, who's that in these on there? Well, I was going to until he started around you know
Too much work is added here's a type of a race and I asked him to add three things to tomorrow's pool
It's not up yet. So I can't add it. I have to tell Eric and I have to type it
Sure it's up
If you go to pool switch
It's it's on there. What's the most exciting plan sports? I gave it to him hours ago and Eric being right on the ball. He's got it on there
Now you can't bring it up. Nope
Well, then tell you're an article do it. What I'm doing. I hate sports penalty shot buzzer beater or shootout
The shootout how many shootouts are gonna have an ascending cup playoffs Neil? Oh, none
You don't have shootouts in the playoffs. They play overtime forever and ever and ever even Zach knows that
Oh, yeah
Now do you think it's just a coincidence that Joe Rose had Jacques Marton on the mini got candy got moved upstairs and
We leave him his coaching duties right afterward. Yeah Joe's the mush. That's what I call
Is that it whatever TV likes whatever coach he likes kissing that week? Yeah, he's a death
Oh, he sure was just hockey. Let me send it in who Joe 20 before two at five 60 WQF
No
I'll see him for the bracket I quit and I did not get fired
You people did not want more round any more
Well just my only
But I ain't never come back and I knew that you'd miss me
Well, there's much as Bob fishy I knew that you'd miss me
You took my magnificent house for granted
And one rake too many else now I'm gone
As Mark shine bow
Your babies effort to a now indentirt
Now it's your time to get raped
You might as well hurt your crappy signal in to out at space
I knew that you'd miss me
This is
145 and 560 WQM who would ever believe that a little squeak my studio like healthy would be such a backstabbing clown
That's what Rimmer says and Rimmer says he still hates the these potpan like poison by the way
I wouldn't want to waste the 60 bucks I spent for buying them lunch and not have a little a little something to put on here
Okay, little scuddle but
back them
Rimmer still got the same mustache though. He lost a lot of weight because he had that triple bypass
And also because I haven't been around to be feeding them any meals at Ruth's Chris stuff like that's it
And you know what good?
I'd rather take the money that I would send the buy them meals within send it to you law
I'm not going I know it's right, but I would rather no, don't you understand I would I would wish
That these people would come to their senses and like at least double your salary. Oh, that'd be sweet
And then and by the very least compensate you for those 80 million shows you do during the summertime from the middle of June till
the middle of September which isn't that far off by something as opposed to nothing right
Now that that's that's some bargaining power you got to be where you're doing three shows a week all summer
I do over a third and get
numbers in there every summer we do well we get more listeners than on the sports shows on a station
Yes, we do just fine always get more listeners than the other people in spite of all your talk about or or derby and crap like that right
So I'm telling you that you've got you've got possibilities in there. Okay work them in there and make some money
I sure hope Joe is listening you always claims that he's listening. He listened to this show too much. I think I'll get him late too much
Why I'll get him laid
Don't be starting to talk about that kind of crap on you. What is wrong with you? Are you a lunatic or what?
Well, yeah, you'll get him laid. Oh if he wanted that's just what he needs and nice family man like Jolly Joe Bill
And having you down here talking about trust me if he's a family man. He needs to get laid. Well, there you go
Oh, here's another one of these Mecklenburg County. Did we have this one on the year? Yeah, I had it on yesterday. Oh, sorry. I wasn't here
The Catholic priest and it wasn't because I headed off the where-and-how I got it. Oh
No
Well, I'm going to read it again anyway because this has got more details. Oh, no a
Catholic priest charged with having sex with an 11-year-old boy in Charlottes in 1999 was booked in the Mecklenburg County jail on Sunday
The Reverend Robert Urgels is expected in court today according to jail records
Well, there is a Oliver. It's a thousand dollars even a hundred thousand dollars
Yergo 43 is charged with five counts to take in decent liberties with the child and two counts of statutory sex offense
It was arrested April tooth in Pasey of New Jersey where he lives later that we can court Yergo
Waved his right to contest
extradition
Authorities have said the boy in his family were members of the St. Matthew Catholic Church in the Valentine area when the let's
Text crimes occurred the victim recently reported that Yergo would place his direct penis into a hole that was made in the bottom of his
Bible the Bible was hollowed out to allow the victim to place his hand on the Yergo's penis
The victim was instructed to place baby oil on the Yergo's penis until he ejaculated the victim had reported
Better than the popcorn trick the victim had reported this to his parents however
They didn't believe the story until he returned home from his church service with a large amount of seamen on his shirt
Oi
Does this say whether it was a blue shirt or what color it was?
The matter was then reported a Charlotte Mecklenburg detective's authorities have said
Yergo worked around goes on about where he did it
He left me
No, no, I hope that the Pope is really happy with that. I'm sure you're happy father
All this kind of crap that's been going on for decades and decades and got only knows how long
Might be think they call it the rectum reehun. I don't know
why
Because you enter from the rear like that book but both father knows best you know what it is
917 on the pool how's Mitch Lewis doing by the way we're here from him anymore just lately
Would you hear sent me a link to a blog that doesn't blogpaces work anymore? Yeah, I get email from him every once in a while
He sends me a little promo every time he does some VO work for some documentary or something sends a promo for the old home
That's right
Good guy Mitchell Lewis one of the people we miss from back in the IOD days who else?
Miss a lot of Adam was a good guy. Mm-hmm. What do you tell me about him before he turned Republican and proud of it and
Who steps and marches and
Posts things of my space bulletins ripping sicko and Michael Moore and
Just a real card carrying goose stepping knots. Yeah, a Jewish Nazi mm-hmm go
So many of them and so little time we work for IOD for a while they brainwashed him so that's it for him. I see cheap channel cheap channel
Yeah, they'll do it
Just be real glad that they didn't make any offer at all
Okay, you've got everything that they offered to pay us to work there. You've got it. Wow nothing
Zero pocket they never put a dime on the table nice going Ken Charles everybody wants to be a big shot
Everybody wants to need a Roger show on area with their company, but nobody wants to pay anybody
That's an nature of the business. That's why we had to us surrender and whatever they know whatever sheckles
They were pushing my way I said hey it's better and be out on the beach. I need it. I got mouse to feed. I got people to take care of
And rumors wife Farrell her like I said she's a sweetheart. She looked at me and that I told it is before
Mm-hmm and she said why would you why do you worry about leaving money? You worked all your life to make that money
Why don't you enjoy it? That's right. Why don't you live on it? That's right good advice
And I looked at her and I thought to myself because I'm a schmuck can't take it with you
I'm not gonna take it with you know it have a party
Did the buddy I wish I had a potty a couple weeks ago. Yeah, I was looking for the potty. No, this kind of hardy
Oh, I kind of potty. Yeah, look what he did for him
Yeah, now he was in a box somewhere
Cox in a box. Yeah, but he had fun getting there
How do you know oh trust me?
I heard stories
One of the best stories of all time and I don't remember the details, but he was working at I
95 was later became Zeta I was on I&Z
And he claimed that the the mafia they came in a
Like did something with him in the parking lot and they held him up against the fence. I remember that story. Yeah
I'm sure it wasn't true. I think it was kind of like a hallucinogenic
Fairytale that he made I don't know. I don't remember the details, but it was bizarre. He had some strange things going on
He was a good guy though Don Cox. He was a friend of ours and a friend of the show now. He's dead
All those dead people it's like today that I mentioned Roy Slanhall from Gulf Stream on air and Hank said oh he died the five years ago
Remember that yep
I knew his wife had died years before that and then he died
Bill Carter died and then his wife died and she was just young
Maybe she couldn't go on with Adam. You know what that happens
No, she got remarried and she had a family. She had breast cancer. What are you talking about? She couldn't go on with Adam
Maybe subconscious, you know, caca. Yes subconsciously. That's why the cancer spring. That's right. Couldn't have been all that smoking
Couldn't have been couldn't have been all those faggots all new people out there smoking faggots baby cut it out right now
And before I get in the car and go to woodland. I'm going across the street. I'm gonna get me a couple of candy bars
What kind?
Score no and that's a good idea. Oh those are but those are oh they send you a bunch of your scour while I'm driving don't do it score
Drive into a tree. She's a scour and this is a guy who's telling me about the you know the world don't leave anybody any money
I sure
I think all the blood right now
You're
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah, oh, yeah
Ch Hi Ch Hi Ch Orque H There is a BecauseP plays Romantic's  bien
Scalant dancer taking til the bad age of four
A cool and bold
First and so can be a tough girl now I wanna smoke
The pro, stop, stop
Gain gaze in the grass
The pro, stop, stop
Relax your spikiness
The pro, stop, stop
In the cool and healthy
The pro, stop, stop
The pro, stop, stop
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
Oh yeah
The pro,
sto desto de petite
Yeah, brother. The family had a lot of busting.
Pfft, tutututoi.
