The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts that
Hey, who Rosenhouse is a real serious
music broadcast group? It's staffed advertisers or agencies
Don't be this a bass name
Oh, by the way, please help me listen to your mother-in-law
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM
Just me and Fat Chris
Right? Correct
Well, 560 WQAM presents
The Neil Radcrus, who is an immediate to Neil?
Dial 560-0, 560 in day and brow
In other counties, called 43-80 millisets
Is it 5,5, or Neil?
Well, yeah, that's basically everybody in the media
And for the rise of wireless violence
The opinions expressed on the hate-cum-yes of
Police colleagues who are being sent through
Is a WQAM
Again, you should not cry on the show yet, but I do the Neil Radcrus show
You're at 4.560 WQAM
I don't have a penis
Lock the J behind the false line
Lock the J way
Lock the Moway and Showway to keep
We don't hear any mo about OJ
I'm sure like you're a lot more about how he's feeling and
Who's feeling him?
What? Who's feeling him?
Yeah, how he's being felt
Well, I got the first email from when the show started today
Just came in
All right
Well, I've got 50,000 left over from yesterday
Thank goodness I better crack a window open, man
It is sunny again and beautiful
It's going to be like, I don't know, it's like 61 degrees
It's like Indian summer
Nice
Well, November up north as you know can be, well, I don't know if you know
Can be anything
Yeah, we could have already had a snowstorm
And thank goodness we did not
Or it can be like Indian summer like it is now
It's Indian fall
Well, hey, if you have a snowstorm now you got the car for it
No, not yet
Don't pick it up for a few days
So we better hold off on the snow
What color is it?
Black, nice
Black C300
Mercedes
Just absolutely a fine machine
And if you want to send me any emails about
Oh gee, why did you buy that German piece of crap
Go right ahead, waste your time
It'll be again like telling us
I have no life
That, that which we already know so well
Okay, it's a Thursday, the election and the stuff is over
We won by landslide, we, the good folks, the retard zero
Oh, geez, what happened? I thought Sarah would put us over the top
Anyway, here's the schedule so I'm going to try to avoid playing anymore
Bits today, or tomorrow
That have to do with the election
Okay
I mean not that we're going to become non-political
By the way, Ralph Nader is a real a-hole
He always has been always will be
He called on election now he called Obama an Uncle Tom on the air
Oh wow, yeah
No, we need old crusty Ralph Nader to come and save us
Okay, that's what we need
To fix up all the fan belts on those Corvair's out there
That's what we need is freaking Ralph Nader
Who gave us eight years of Bush
Because he had that gigantic ego
And had to run in 2000 and cost a Gore Florida
It wouldn't have been anywhere near enough
Just close enough to steal in 2000
And we'd have had Al Gore
And we wouldn't have had the attack Iraq
The Iraq attack, however that goes
A rangatang
And there before 4200 Americans would still be alive and thought hundreds of thousands of Iraqis
And Sodom would still be over there keeping a terrorist out
See nobody even mentions that
He was our puppet man
He was our dictator
He was our boy Sodom
We put him in there to CIA stuff him in there
Because we wanted the Iraqis to beat up on Iran
But oh no, then all of a sudden the neo-cons decided
No, we'll go in here and stick our long
To American tube into those oil wells
You notice how the price of gas is come crashing down now
Because people just said, effort
Effet? Screw it
Yeah, they just couldn't drive anymore
We're not going to go
Then a four bucks a gallon of gas
Screw you guys, screw all you ragheads
Bush and Chee-ni
Anyway, Mark says
Happy birthday, Neil, since we have holidays coming up
Have you been any thought to a show where two to kill some good time
Oh, I I think of a show where two to kill some good time every day
That's what we're here for. We're not here to change the world
We're not here to like make some kind of a statement
We're here to give you a little longer
You know occasional chuckle or two
And just kill some time
It says
Leading up to Thanksgiving people with email
One suggestion for email not a list
Either or both
What is your favorite song or show bit that you want to hear
Yes, you could build a pull out of it
As the emails come in and put the pull up whenever
This way the whole show is not pull building with a lot of pain in the ass
The phone calls and gay stalkers circle smirkronics
What is that? What does that mean?
What is the favorite show song or bit that you want to hear?
I guess you know like a president dumps
Schmidt and everything. Oh
What qualifies for the pull is what Chris ticked George and you say qualified
You can veto any email you don't like
This idea is just a guy bend it shape it any way you want it in the pull too says mark
Thanks mark. That was a week start to the show that been
Thank you so much. Your Rosenstein was on again with it before you came in
I'm sorry and I was listening he he signed how much was it was it 700 or 70 million
Who Rosenhaus? I have a million no idea
He signed players with 70 million salaries this year I think it was 70 million no
No must have been 700 million if it was all of his players for the year
Yeah 700 million because he gets 3% so that means he gets 21 million
So let's take out my collection for Drew Rosenhaus and we can you know
Send him some money so we can find something else to do every morning instead of coming on there and killing Joe show
Oh my god Alex Marvez and freaking the Drew Rosenstein Schwartz
And who's the other one? Oh and the negative
Nurtre Nurtre Nurtre Street so if he made 21 million in player salaries
You sounded like free there for just a second
No you know what? If he made the 21 million off of his 3%
Does that mean he's doing the show on here for free?
Oh you gotta be smitten me man
Don't you know that they paid the guest on the sports shows on the station they all get paid
Oh I know that but I mean if he's making 21 million already
You know what? He doesn't care how much of he's making 50 billion dollars
He still wants to get paid to appear on this horse ball radio station or any other one
Because he's got an ego bigger than the moon
He's got an ego bigger than Uranus and in your case that's saying a lot
Speaking of a lot but we sure had a lot of votes on that poll yesterday
That I don't know if it's record breaking for one day you know for like
It wasn't even a full day I don't think
No because then we put this up during the show
Yeah when the show was starting I think I think
Yeah you changed the previous one today
How do you feel now that the election is finally over?
Oh I gotta say we leave even though it didn't win
I voted for Jubilant but I'm relieved
It just seemed like it went on forever
That's why I chose Exhaustant
Oh yeah same thing
Like it would never end and the polls kept like pretty consistent there for the last few weeks
And it gave you a pretty good picture of what the deal was he won by six percentage points in the popular vote
52 to 46
And isn't that about what they were saying 7.6
Yeah in the area
Yeah some of them were saying like 11 and 12 points
CBS at one point said he was up by 13 points
That's because they were only interviewing in Harlem
I don't know what that was all about 13 points my ass
Now did they ever call North Carolina?
I don't really try to find out
I don't really care it doesn't make any difference
But it would just add to the magnitude of the line slide
It would like to be like rubbing their noses in it
North Carolina oh my god
Now that the election is over how do you finally feel
Is it the poll question or something like that some of the words are right
1440 votes oh by the way had a fantastic birthday dinner at Ruth Chris last night
In the Hilton Hotel in downtown Toronto oh man it was good
I can't choose between Morton's and Ruth Chris they're both great
I haven't been to a Ruth's Chris I've been to a Morton's it was awesome
You've never been to Ruth Chris?
Not yet oh boy
I had the onion soup for the appetizer I'll tell you everything I had boy did I have a big meal
I had the onion soup I had the rib eye
Would I hold the butter hold him I didn't want another accident in the hotel you know my pants hold the butter please
Now well that's what gets to me is that butter
It's like fudruckers oh my god back back when the day when they had the one there on the corner of university and
Sunrise or isn't it versus pine islands well whatever the hell that is
When that one was there which it's now closed
I love fudruckers but they would butter the bun and I never knew that if I would have told them
Don't butter the bun please they wouldn't have buttered it and I wouldn't have had the problems had those problems
I mean I never I never lost it I never had like an in your pants
Disaster from fudruckers but boy I sure had a motorhome real fast when I after I'd leave there wow
That butter just grace right through you
It's like me and coffee people are always offering me a cup of coffee I don't drink coffee coffee also the same thing
I've just never got in the coffee yet makes my stomach explode makes my inner just explode that's because I have I be in the coffee
Yes, man you'll have it because you're a fat cow you probably already have it irritable bowel nope but you will I think also because of my irish it helps
What because I'm irish it helps
Well you talk about also anyway then I had the ribeye and then and also I had onion rings with it they have great onion rings big big delicious onion rings
And see ordinarily I would get like spinach aug rotten or some broccoli aug rotten but it was my birthday so I like the onion rings better than that
So you went all out and for dessert we both had the what you call it banana cream pie which it's um they they they do this to the top like like they do on a creme brule
They burn it what do they call that caramelized caramelized banana cream pie that's what they call it and the shell is edible you know it's like an oh it just to die for that that along with that chocolate wave
It red lobster are two of the best desserts oh my god how do you feel not that the election is finally over jubilant 679 we leave 442 exhausted 76 WTF 75 it's over 65
NUM 55 and psychotic 48 3.3% of the audiences psychotic because they thought that old McCain and Sarah oh that Sarah she's such a schmalti gal
According to MSNBC North Carolina still 50 50 really yep there's still counting in North Carolina nothing could be finer than to stay out of North Carolina
And to stay off of Spadina Pamela says that this is a fact snow less is not amazing we don't get a lot of facts anymore now that we got the ability for you people to email
It's a lot easier to email than is to facts how many people have a fax machine Pamela says I've listened you for years dating back to the days when Steve can and Alice ran tell we're on the year here
Wish you many more birthdays love you the panel of thanks Pam or Steve can't is not the year anymore might as well not be boy talk about fading into oblivion but he's you know he's hammering out of living for himself
Everybody's got to make a living like I said don't be grudge him he's got you know the spots for the hair plugs and the penis plug and all the other stuff the
Bracko mug all the body parts all the time for Steve oh I wonder if he's still got that fat Richard Enten lawyer on there Richard Essin excuse me not Richard Enten
Did I really say that Richard Enten is an old friend of mine used to be one of my lawyers Richard Enten Richard Essin Essin Merge and Essin that means eating in the
British by the way and evidently if you've ever seen Dick he's living up to his name I remember some of that peppercorn saws speaking of food by the way speaking of
Parmesan cheese this week we have another great Niels half price restaurant deals starting at noon today it's Thursday boys
Oh
I like your Clinton and Saudi Doritos my fingers turn on to a knife that she does I don't like
I like the women who have the small tosses I don't like the father and son George Bushes I passed
by watching the Brady Bunch while eating the Kellogg's raising bread grudge I
Use the Irish spring I love the latter my favorite newsman was honest and rather I washed my hands with
Haldi baby wives I hope they make blade for with Wesley's
My life's crappy I'm not happy
Here we start a pain one day I'll get out and we'll be back in charge
I am so now oh
I'm
Let her to me I bet
This process for prison
I'm
Getting a clean pair of undecised my go this place is worse than that filthy spider hole
I miss emailing my good friends on hand we used to I am sometimes until 10
I do my laundry and give the guards advice I
might be pushed a thing was full of lights. I'm not as pretty as I used to be I miss watching out
Here I TV
All it's good shows on the chill
But this is my life now until my trial looking like hell smelling like a poop pile
Don't have my snare master or my free weight. I miss my hair
I'm in my golden age my life's crappy I'm not happy
Kill the judge of pain but one day I'll get out and we back in charge
Because I am the dog
Who say you fair?
I have a double
Say 10 19 at 560 WQM. I haven't given the schedule yet. I was gonna do it
Now you didn't get around to it a little bit embarrassed I
Don't think it's possible to be embarrassed when you work at Q.A.M. Any more than we already are
We got the big old from two to four rock solid pretty embarrassing and
Then from four to seven we've got D.A. and Coupe
That's the straight poop D.A. and Coupe Adam Cooperstein who's a pinhead
But flea gave me that crap about oh, I think you might like him. I think you might like him
I mean, maybe he's a good guy. You know, is he a good guy?
It's a very nice guy. Yeah, so he's a good guy. Didn't mean has to be like hot
Because he's not he's a pinhead. He's his head is the size of like your thumb
But anyway, we got D.A. and Adam Cooperstein from ad dog for to seven that should be a real ratings builder
All right, and then seven away. We got or seven to nine
We got two hours of hurricane hotline. Oh my god
Nine to ten dolphin tonight high school a great-eye report and attend a midnight. It's Curtis
Speaking of D.A. by the way the fake D.A. sends me a email this morning important information
Oh, you again
Hey, Neil first I wanted to wish you a happy birthday. I hope you had a great day yesterday
I was listening. I was listening. I was listening to a little bit of the show yesterday heard the email you received from the fake witty grabber
Not sure how what he saw that thing that it doesn't work in a building
He his email did remind me of something that I did see a lot too long ago
I wasn't sure if I should share this with you because I like bad Chris
But I feel that it's your right to know about his annex because he works on your show
A couple a couple of weeks back. I got to work early had to take a massive B.M
I went to the bathroom to do my daily duty and will never forget what I saw that day is I walked into the bathroom
I heard a faint squealing sound coming from one of the stalls. I went into the stall right next to that one
Herdino is coming from it. I stood on the toilet seat looked over the top of the stall couldn't believe my eyes
There was fat Chris sitting on the toilet. Oh, I can't I can't read this
Oh with a picture of jolly joebell taped to the door in front of him I
Looked closer and indeed the picture was that a jolly joe stark naked oiled up wearing a pig nose with his leg spread and his finger in his mouth
As fat Chris started to climax he started squealing extremely loud like a fat hog about to get slaughtered
I was also sweating profusely was a horrible sight as soon as fatso was done
Doing his thing he cleaned himself up went back to work as if it never happened
Please need to address this with Chris. This is unacceptable
There's something what no go ahead finish unacceptable behavior from someone his age beside fat Chris is too gross and disgusting
For anybody to see him naked these annex have to stop me. I love you Damon
These are that's it really some truly sick individuals up there
I can just see DA I've never met him
You can see him standing at half of the toilet seats staring at the antics going on in the stall next to it
Anybody out there ever stand up on the toilet seat to check out what was going on in the one next to you
Oh, whatever what a stall routine that is that's even worse than the old glory hole
I'll tell you one thing when you go into like a public tea room and you see some really strange looking guy with a pneumatic drill
Heading into the stall next to you. That's when I'd high-tail it. You know unless the less nature is really pressing
That's when I would hit the road jack
Here's that chronic bill who sends 50,000 emails every day
Neil I know you read the article about the dog racing ban you read it in Massachusetts
Can you please elaborate how you feel about the SPCA funding the effort outlawed?
You feel they might come after horse racing next especially after eight bells was euthanized at the Kentucky Derby this year
I don't know and I don't care. I don't like that. I love dogs. I
Have no opinion should be my biggest problem
I like the dog track
You can actually handicap the dogs except you can't handicap when they come out of the box and they run into each other
And they send one of the dogs flying in the year. You know you ever been to the dog track once maybe really yeah, which one?
How I would I was I was a teenage I remember flag bear maybe this game
I was in was neat Ken Malden was the PR guy at the bus game. That was a great track
Here comes the bunny and there goes my hair come a swifty or speedy whatever they call them at the different
Dog tracks, you know bento high life right on a cold time. Oh, I went a couple times
They make all these great grabs of the ball off the wall the pelota
Mm-hmm, and then here's like a little lob comes up. Oh, I just dropped it. Oh Christ. I'm not saying that there's anything you know sub-rosa there
Yeah, your day. I your day. I had no idea what we're going on, but I just like you know
Adiba a year day. Yeah, once I think I did a show from a Daniel Highland. I believe
It's not for me. It's on a way out
The whole pyramutial thing is on a way up because people are you know
First of all nobody's got any money right now, but even before this big crash took place
The pyramutials never attracted anybody out of the age of 100 for the most part and all those people died, you know, it's kind of like our audience
But it's like the joebell philosophy of promoting there isn't any so we never get any new audience
That's the one good thing about being 66 is that for like and haven't been on the year almost 34 years into market
A lot of these people have been around a long time in fact many of these emails. I'm getting I'm gonna read today and just put you to an coma
Oh, I've been listening for 25 years, you know, which is great
And of course if they were like 40 when they started listening that means now they're 65 and old like me ancient really old
Here's one from Rudy
Did Paco pay for dinner at Ruth Chris it really wouldn't make any difference because it would have been my money anyway
Now he bought me a new woodbine wallet a Louis Vuitton. I mean, it's my money, but it does make it's it's the sentiment behind it that counts
He sent me those beautiful flowers yesterday morning remember that yep, really nice
And then they're panties what were they panties?
You are such a fruit
a
Fat fruit there's another word that begins with that that goes after fat, but I can't say it on the air yet friend
Yeah fat friend my friends my friends
Let's see what does it say here Rob says is good and the service is awesome, but the capital grill is much better wrong
wrong
My friend a professor and I ate the capital grill
Way back when like here and a half ago
It was good not not in the same league with Ruth Chris. Are you kidding me?
Says Ruth Chris is for old folks like McCain and the capital grill is for cooler hip people like Obama
Plus the people of capital grill gallery and lottery are good looking. Well, that's true
You won't see too many hot people at Ruth Chris
Because the average age is death plus 10 that that's true. It's an old clientele Ruth Chris
But old people with money as opposed to old old shlupers you know who want to gum the food like it duffs
cafeteria santeria
Remember dusted you ever eat it duffs? I don't think so oh my god everything was like real soft and movie so we could gum the food, you know
Elderly driver plows in the lake worth flower shop that's coming, but first we must do
I'm the next Oprah you'll be shocked
You'll be amazed you'll be talking about it for the next however long until she shocks you again
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true today
Everyone in the studio audience all
276 members get a brand new
liver
Then tomorrow all 276 studio audience members get a brand new
You villa
The next day all 276 members of the studio audience get a three-foot helper monkey
The next day all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
Everybody get the prosthetic arm
Oh, bro giving away great stuff. She didn't have to pay for even though she could easily afford to and next season everybody in the studio audience get
Everybody get
There's still county votes in Alaska that convicted felon Ted Stevens just might the winery election
No, my gosh. They never met a crook. They don't know didn't like up there including Sarah
That that was done 171 points off to a really rocky start after yesterday's
Bloodbath, but you know big business wall street. They like the Republicans
They like the party of big money, you know
Big-bind this big money the party for the rich
Well screw you guys okay like we were just saying here comes the bunny and there goes your money
Even fact, Chris don't invest in the market
He won't big bucks that you're making
I figured out about flea. I think I think the guy at the end of the surest day was right
He's a turncoat
This crap he had a year. I mean what's more important to get the radio show on the air or the fact he's in some stupid promotional meeting
Well since he's got to be the
Head guy for the meeting. Could they have gone a week without the promotion meeting or could they have serious?
Couldn't they have had the promotion meeting at two o'clock probably not uh?
What a thought
What a thought are you trying to make problems? Yes
Now here's one of the best emails I've ever gotten almost as good as the one from the fake DA
About you and jolly joe's picture on the teabroom wall
From John he says Neil is David Gregory related to Joe Zagaki. They have the same penis face
I do see a similar. I always thought of David Gregory as howdy duty
You know who David Gregory is an MSNBC? I think so yeah
Howdy duty face
But this guy thinks he looks more like Joe Zagaki because they're both penis face. That's Zagaki to a team believe
146 votes on our new pool. Let's get to that and then we can get to these 80 bid in emails left over from yesterday. Thank god
Okay, I know who he is
David Gregory
Yeah, howdy duty. I think more howdy duty than Joe Zagaki
More howdy how about howdy duty with the penis face
146 votes on the new pool what we sure kicked ass in that one yesterday
But then again it was after the election. What do you expect if they weren't going to vote on that? What are they ever going to vote on?
If I could take a body part from a celebrity and put it on my spouse, I would take
blank the stupid ass pool. Who's it from?
Well, it's from somebody different
Oh, you know part whoever that is
I don't want to blame it on Sean or Charlie B because then they'll get all oh, I didn't send you that stupid pool
I mean the idea is okay, but the stuff that's on here is pretty
Pamela Anderson's boobs 41 Jennifer Lopez's ass 35
Kathy Arland's eyes 25 Sarah Palin's boobs 14
With that little baby. She's got the little baby. Oh boy. I'm so glad to see the way that blew up in McCain's face. You know that whole deal
See they had no issues so they thought they would play a stunt
They would do a celebrity stunt is what they did
And it kind of stunted the growth of their following
Brady Quinn's chess 10. That's what I voted for
Of course a lot of us don't have a spouse
Shouldn't we put that on there? Someone's calling on line 12
And well, find a who you want me to do about it Q. I.m
Hello
Neil yes
Call you for a believe is happy birthday. Oh happy birthday Cheryl. Well, how to birthday to you? Uh-huh
Are you on the annual yeah? Oh
Hi
Okay, let's get back to this oh who is Cheryl oh she used to be the
The assistant to the GM the various GMs at iod oh
And
Why why is she calling here? Why and why did you tell me seline 12 is ringing?
Well, I thought maybe just to destroy my day the day after my pleasant birthday at such a great birthday yesterday and here she is sucking around
Backstabbing
Plown
Oh Bob Bob you know he doesn't need an agent. I'll get Neil to assign a new contract if you give me a trip to a somewhere to the enemy's belt
Yeah, she turned out to be a real turn coat is what it turned out. Uh-huh
But she you know is a very I'm not gonna go into it
That was down 171
She's no longer there. I'm pretty sure
155 votes and let's get back to this ready quince chess 10 John Holmes's member eight
I would imagine it's probably not very good shape now
Jennifer Aniston's here eight Roseanne bars figure four are you on the air now?
How do you like that?
Are you on the air now? I kind of took all of that one just like that thing she sang yesterday about it
Well nobody's picking up the phone. That's because we don't take calls on the show
Which you don't know because you don't listen Cheryl
God
Are you on the air now Roseanne bars figure four
What what what does that mean
I guess some people like a big woman
big women
Some people like pork
I do like bratwurst man. Oh god, especially in the Germany in Berlin Kate Hudson's lips too
Barack Obama's ears one and Donald Trump's hair nobody wants that
Nobody wants Donald Trump's hair. I'm sure even him 158 votes
Well, that kind of like put a a monkey wrench into my whole week that called you just put on here Chris
I'm sorry
Why why is she calling me? Why didn't she just go away? Why didn't she get the message? Just go away Cheryl happy birthday and good luck to you and go to your 18th husband
Wherever that might be
God
Yanta
Disney this and Disney that and Bob green this and Bob green that and
Papa just go away. I'm so glad to be a fag you know what I'm so happy
All these people I think that as fags all want to be you know cured and turned into heterosexuals the hell with that
You mean you don't
No, I do not what putting up with whiny
Nattering nagging women. I had one in my life was my mother now
Baby, baby, baby, why'd you do this bad? Why'd you say that bad?
Nagging women how you guys put up with it? I think that all heterosexual men should give like a special award
I'm serious for tolerating nagging whiny business
I know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers
I
kan
Ne
Women
So
Far
Far on the street, there's a need to be and I think you should have seen me
You stop all the things I need
Should have realized then, should have broke my tent
You have no
That buried your toll booth on the way back home
But I got nowhere to go
That's why I'm asking you, Joe
I'm talking to the mind and the goals
I'm asking him to like some shame
But he and her, your body, I just don't judge
If you wanna pass a speech, you can all the link or fistlings only expect
I can't even be with the mind and the devil
They're right, they give him too much from shame
But he and her, your body, I just told you
Now we got to another name, if you can't come up with a fact, change it, slay it like
And I'm out of time, I have a possibility
I'm gonna need it, undone, undone, undone
From the dead, undone, come on, some moon
Hey Joe, undone, undone, come on, undone
No, no, no, no, it makes a change
Feel the change
Okay 1045 at 560 WQM speaking of feeling the change
If you got any change, because the doubt is down 206
And this is on the heels of yesterday's 500-poit drop
Oh, we don't want no over-devocation, there no liberal
Oh, what are we gonna do?
No more tax cuts for Enron and mobile extra X-Hon
Now Enron dies to Enron, I was afraid to slip
By the way, Flea's gonna be joining us allegedly at 11, I don't believe it
Around some point, yeah
What does that mean?
I hope you're eventually at some point
In other words, when he's good and ready, whenever the meeting is over
Whenever the promotion of meeting is over, since that's so much more important than the neo-Ranger show, is that what you're saying?
Sure
Speaking of food, I don't forget it's Thursday, we got our tropical acres today on our 2-4-1-D oolat noon
Good stuff
This is good stuff too, but haven't only too many Americans have no taste
James says, I saw somewhere they tested the Amos burger in U.S. and several markets and it fared poorly
This is why they're holding up on its U.S. entry into the menu
Well, you know what? Yamama, how do you like that? I don't mean to James, but I'm just saying
To those people who don't like the Amos burger?
It is by so far the best burger that the Mickey D's has ever offered that there's nothing even close
Now you're not old enough for this next category, but
And then there's no way to put it on the poll make a poll out of it because I don't know the names of the products
Food that you loved as a child but that are no longer sold
Mortons, not Mortons, stick us, but Mortons that makes like, you know, Mortons potpies, stuff like that
Protein foods
Mortons used to make it used to come like a little tinfoil thing, frozen spaghetti
And it was just awesome, awesome
Of course, nowadays they'd have to have like a different thing you can't put tinfoil on the microwave
But this is before microwaves, you couldn't nuke food back then you put it in the oven for a few minutes
And it was like little, little, I don't know how to describe it, but boy it was great
And also my mother used to buy they they had frozen cheeseburgers that were like two thin, razor thin patties of me
Then the cheese was frozen in between the meat
And you put that baby in a fried pan, heated up and it was good, get her done
You never heard of such stuff, did you? No
You used to make some really good stuff, that's before they decided to make all the food with chemicals
There was some real food actually out there once upon a time
And then they decided why should we like make real food when we can just put a whole bunch of chemicals together
And make some really nasty crap
The doctors will love it, the doctors of dentists
They'll love it because it'll make everybody six and o'clock their arteries
175 votes on your poll, let's see, was there one we were going to add?
Oh yeah, here's somebody asked for Jennifer Angustin's legs and ass
Yeah, it says add Jennifer Angustin's legs and ass to your poll, sure winner
Well legs and ass are more than one body part, even though they're connected, okay? I mean everything's connected
So you're doing two different ones? What?
Should we do that two different ones? No, Jennifer Angustin's, well if you want, Jennifer Angustin's legs and Jennifer Angustin's anus, ass
What do you say? Go ahead, you got nothing else to do there
Pretty lonely I would imagine without the Joe Bell and without Flea
Now is Joe Bell sitting on the always the promotion meetings as well? I didn't know
You had to crash that meeting, you had to waddle in there, knock the door down
Knock the door off his hinges and go in there and stand there like Godzilla, you know?
There, here I am, what's going on in here? You don't like that? I think it would be fun
Of course then I'd be all alone
See, take it, figure out a way for me to do the show with nobody there
I mean, you know that for years they've been trying to eliminate one person on this show
Because it's not a sports show, a sports show is we got to have like half a dozen people
When we first came to QAM, the worst team, they had like 75 people working on that show
You know, board ops and producers and oh my god
It was like an army and of course the Humper show, it took like 50 people
It was one guy just to answer his book on the iPhone
That's a true story by the way, I'm sure some of the listeners remember the day that Hank interrupted his show
Of course I do it all the time when the phone rings or there's somebody at my door or whatever, you know?
Because why, I mean they don't think the show is very important around here so why the hell should I?
But the Humper had to like turn a show over to Josie or somebody for a few minutes
Because his book he was on the phone
Is that, that's before your time, huh?
Yeah, probably
Now we have tropical storm Paloma
It's expected to sprout into a category to hurricane by Sunday, but Florida does not appear to be its target
It says this is in the herald
However, the middle and upper keys are in the cone of error
Which means the thing is like that it passed close enough to Florida
We need to keep an eye on it the herald says keep your eye on it
If it holds to the current forecast tracks out Florida with season scattered showers
And increasing winds on Saturday and Sunday
Meteorologist Dan Dixon of the National Weather Service in Miami said
No relation, I'm sure to a Dave Dixon who's still dead
And you know, one of the wide Dave Dixon is dead?
Why? Fat
You don't even know who that was, do you?
Nope, he used to do late night movies like Big Wilson used to do night owl movies on Channel 6
And Dave Dixon was on Old Channel 51 which used to be next to Daniel Highlight and Daniel
They were both big and fat, you know what they are both right now?
Dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead
How come I never play that? I'll play it in a bit
Right now we're not looking at much more than a few showers, Dan Dixon said
Dave Dixon, he was a good guy, he went to Detroit, was on a radio in Detroit and then all of a sudden he croaked
Forecasters at the National Hurricane said to say a quote front dissenting across the Gulf of Mexico
Should keep this system south of Florida but the forecast track could yet shift depending on the strength of the front
At 7 o'clock this morning Paloma was in the Caribbean near the Nicaragua Honduras border
Nicaragua, Nicaragua
Who was it that used to do that on TV? Nicaragua was that I can't think of what her name was
Nicaragua, I hate that and so does everybody else who speaks English
Or about 700 miles southwest of Miami was moving northwest at 7 miles and I was sustained winds of 40 miles an hour
And by the way, with last time I was down there like a couple weeks ago
More new talking heads, more new news people on a special on channel four
They changed news anchors like some people changed their underwear every couple of weeks
I'm watching and I'm thinking who are these Ken and Barbie Dalmorons? Who are these very lousy readers?
After interacting with land Paloma is expected to downgrade to a tropical storm
Move through the central Bahamas head out to sea
Cuba is under the gun again, the system forecasted strike
Cuba South Central coast on Sunday with a hundred mile an hour winds
The Lord is pretty pissed off at Rala Castro, forget about Fidel, he's old news
I hear rumor that he's dead, Fidel is dead
How'd you like that? Did you see that on, was it on election day or the day before?
They started those robo calls in little Havana, oh Fidel Castro was endorsed Barack Obama
That's what worked out right here
I think they did it on election day
Of course all the green teeth crowd the domino playing green tooth
They already had voted a couple times for McCain so it was too late
Too late to make the big impact
Paloma is the 16th name storm of the season making this one of the busiest years on record
It's somewhat rare that it emerged in November
On the other hand 20 hurricanes had formed in November since 1944
with Noel being the most recent last year, the last Noel
Oh pretty soon the go-am we're going to start bombarding us with those Christmas carols and that stuff
It's not even right after Thanksgiving
As soon as Thanksgiving ends then boom we get hit with it
Now what happens on Thanksgiving day by the way?
As far as us? Yeah, I'm sure you'll be off and George, I'm sure you'll be off
And I'll probably be here doing what? Who knows?
Eating? No
The least they can do is bring a nice Thanksgiving dinner while you're on the air
Why do you have to work?
Big old plate of turkey and stuffing and mashed taters and cranberry sauce
And
One of those orange potatoes, what is that?
Sweet potatoes? Sweet potatoes. Oh, I hate that stuff man, that's for go-am
Sweet potatoes. That's what they should do bringing in like a big platter
Huge platter
The size of your ass
And sit down or funny and just have you pick out and play a bunch of stuff off the
Now we don't have a ball game that day or something on Thursday
I don't have an arrangement. I have no idea. Thanks for giving day
I mean today is already, it's only the 6th of November
Why should we worry about stuff that's like two, three weeks away?
See who died? Michael Crichton?
We sighed then, I forgot about that. How could I forget about that?
I've got to hear my pile but my pile is so huge thanks to the tremendous outpouring
I still can't believe you put Cheryl on here. That was just disgusting
Happy birthday, wish me a happy birthday. Go away already, okay just go away. Don't go away, mad.
We had some fun there at IOD but just leave me alone.
Democrats, Jeff Murkley will be Oregon's newest senator in Washington DC
According to Oregonian which called the race last night. Another pickup for the Democrats.
As of 527 last night, Murkley led Gordon Smith, a Republican by 382 votes
With 81% of the estimated votes counted, Murkley said I don't want to read the numbers.
Earlier in the evening, Murkley said his campaign wasn't ready to clear a victory
It wouldn't do so until today but Murkley said his side was feeling very confident about his chances.
So the Democrats pick up another one or gone.
How can they still be county votes in North Carolina? What are they doing making them up?
Because when you come right down to what differences are made?
Yeah Michael, right? I have the thing here in my pile somewhere.
I also have the thing about how today is a D-Day for Jew Lieberman.
Oh here it is, Michael Crite and dies at 66. Let's save the dead people for after the break.
This is the Neal Roger show.
This is your brain.
Lock solid. Any questions?
Don't it, I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I sir.
Hello?
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh Mr. Mouse, good morning. How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing sir?
You're freaking killing me.
No I'm not.
I got David Kelly calling me every three minutes. Why did we move the protest?
Sir, you told me to move the protest.
I didn't tell you when you must have misunderstood me.
No sir, you said move the protest to Monday.
Hey, hey listen but wipe. I'm the boss.
I make the decisions. You take the heat.
You move the protest.
How are we going with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Yeah boss.
Shot the hell up.
I'm on the phone Remaz.
Isaac.
Yes sir, what was your question?
I'm killing you. I'm going crazy over here.
Between David Kelly and now Michael Jackson called me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remaz.
Get here you boss.
Stop it Remaz.
I'm going to fall.
Stop, stop the floor Remaz.
Let's sit in my hand Remaz.
That's your penis boss.
My other hand Remaz.
That's a phone boss.
Right, I can't hear anything Remaz.
It's not showing the floor.
I like that sir.
Sir, the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time slot and...
What the heck? It's time slot.
Chris, are we even beating the WB?
Barely.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remaz.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
We made it a little slow, boss.
Don't play it, Remus. I'll jam that thing down your throat.
And get that blue bird away from me.
Oh, come on, Bruno.
I'm allergic.
Eyes are...
Sir, over 25 million people, so...
Shut up, Eisner. Listen.
Yeah. You see me? What I'm doing here?
Sir, you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone. Do you see what I'm doing?
You're an imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down, slide to side.
I'm the puppet, master.
I say it. You do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of a Michael Jackson interview.
But, sir, you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like...
Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it.
puppet, master.
Me.
88...
Oh.
Weave it!
Weave it!
Yes, weave it.
What the hell are you doing now?
It's in the floor, though.
It's nothing wrong with the floor, Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis, boss.
My other ear, Remus.
That's the phone, Remus. Get out.
Get over there.
Get out.
Arthur.
Yes, sir.
Killin' me.
Killin' me.
I'm sorry, sir.
Killin' me.
Sorry.
Killin' me softly.
1103 at 560 WQM.
Happy a Thursday to a happy day after.
Day after the day after.
And then you people that still want to keep sending me political crap.
You're gonna have to shove it, okay?
Right there.
Leave me alone.
It's over.
Guess what? It's over.
I got this one guy sends me this long thing.
Why are they still saying,
oh, Bob, I'm just gonna forget about it.
Elections over.
We won.
Big time.
Big time.
Over.
James, who's a really chronic this morning, just out of control,
says, I'm also from upstate New York
and as a kid, my mom would make what you're talking about.
They were called dream stakes.
I don't know.
That doesn't ring any bells with me.
You ever hear of dream stakes?
Nope.
I heard a drumsticks.
Speaking of your Thanksgiving dinner.
Can't you just envision that?
They come in there with a big bucket full of food, you know?
Not here.
What?
Not at this place.
Why not?
Because these are work on Thanksgiving.
They gotta give you.
They gotta, gotta move up and not down, man.
They gotta give you Thanksgiving dinner.
Just delicious slice turkey and gravy with big, big portion of delicious homemade stuffing.
That was down almost 200 points, by the way.
But if you people were foolish enough to put all your hard-to-money in it,
well, we have good luck to you.
Take it to the Schlatz.
I got two Schlatz stories coming up momentarily.
Two people won some big money at the Schlatz.
Speaking of here comes the money and there goes your money.
Oh, there's that Nazi bitch baby you can in on there.
Oh.
It's a time.
So that's what I think is going to be the formula for.
It always sounds like he's sucking on a persimmon.
Right.
You still believe the country is center right now?
Yeah, center right is its center is left of center is it center right?
Oh, that'll put a bullet center right in your head, Tony Harris.
God, either side, in fact right in the middle would be good.
Oh, yeah, right between the eyebrows.
Jurassic Park author Michael Criten dies at 66.
The family of Michael Criten, the million-selling author, such historic and prehistoric science fantasies
Jurassic Park timeline and the Andromeda strain says he died in LA Tuesday at the age of 66.
It'd been privately battling cancer.
Through his books, Michael Criten served as an inspiration to students of all ages,
challenged scientists in many fields and illuminated the mysteries of the world in a way we could all understand his family said in the statement.
On his epicture, Julianne Moore and Jeff Goldblum appear in the 97 movie The Lost World, a sequel to Jurassic Park.
Jeff Goldblum boy, he's almost in the same category with Julie Burman.
I can't even look at him, Jeff Goldblum.
You like him?
Not really.
Oh, he was in the remake of the events in price movie, The Fly.
Yep.
I sure wish they'd remake that movie with Brady Quinn, The Fly, but not the one that's got the wings.
Oh, you like Brady Quinn here, Doris McCain.
Who cares?
Who cares?
Some of you people are just really, we need to call a shrink.
Have a mass exorcism.
Let's call a priest.
Jimmy Carl Black dies at 70, the original drummer in Frank's app as mothers of invention.
How do you like that?
Poor guy.
Jimmy Carl Black, the original drummer in Frank's app as mothers of invention, a band that he, um, something to define the subgenre of art rock,
died of cancer on Saturday.
He was 70.
He died in Sigstorf, Germany, according to Rodig Gilear, who performed with Black and recent years as part of the Muffin Men,
a British group that specialized in performing Zampas Live Music.
The very least we can do is play like just a little tiny bit of, uh,
Hey there, people on the market, Brown.
This the on the queue is boy and sound.
My car is fast.
My teeth are shining.
I tell all the girls they can kiss my high knee.
Here I am at a famous school.
I'm dressed in sharp and I'm acting cool.
I got the cheerleader here once they help with my faith.
Well, better do all the work and maybe later I'll leave the role of God.
I am the American dream.
Okay, great.
Anyway, he moved to Germany in the 1990s after marrying a German woman following the death of his first wife.
I like the lifestyle.
He said 95.
I can make a living playing music in Europe.
I've been able to do that in the States since the 60s.
James in Konnish, Jr.
was born February 1st, 1938, and El Paso, but was reared in nearby Anthony, New Mexico.
He was reared.
Back home.
He changed his name after his mother married Carl Black to Jimmy Carl Black.
And now he's dead.
Now the person who sent me this story, I'm almost tempted not to read it because he really pissed me off.
I read the headline.
I teased it and I didn't read the whole thing.
By the way, it's 11.
Away to flee with us yet.
Now, yet, told you,
he'll be in there when that meeting is over and when they're good and ready.
That's the kind of consideration we get from these graver operas, from these bastards who were in there yesterday morning,
sucking around with that phony birthday wishes, you know,
Oh, happy birthday, Neil.
And many, many more.
We hate you like poisonous, what they're trying to say.
And Joe Bell, oh, keep checking your mailbox, Neil.
Oh, oh, oh.
Yeah, check this.
You retard.
You simple them elderly driver,
plows in Lake Worth,
Flower Shop.
And 82 year old woman who was leaning and learning to drive,
plot into a suburban Lake Worth, Flower Shop yesterday afternoon,
after losing control of her car.
The woman who was whom authorities didn't name was driving southbound on military trail about 1 p.m.
When she tried to turmoil accelerate in Quiddit,
a Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office statement,
the driver let go of the steering wheels and cars spun in circles,
crashed over a wall and smashed completely into
a flower patch, Flower Shop at 3435 South military trail.
82 years old, no one was seriously hurt.
The woman riding in the car with the woman was taking the JFK hospital for minor injuries.
The woman was cited for careless driving.
Further charges may be pending.
The statement saved.
Now turner loose, give another,
renew that license and turn loose.
See, if you're breathing or close to it or Florida,
you're going to have a driver's license.
Like here, everybody's a driver here,
especially the old Chinese man.
Oh, my God.
Well, here's a couple of winners.
I told you the slots.
Let's see, subject dollar slot guy and then is another one,
Nicholas slot lady.
It was Caesar Palace's anniversary,
but vacation is Danny and Brandy.
Here is a young couple from Broken Arrow, Oklahoma got the gift.
Danny won a million four thousand and eight dollars.
No, no, a million four thousand eight dollars.
Now what I said, sir,
like while playing a million dollar baby slot machine at the Vegas resort.
It marked the 33rd anniversary of Caesar's palace,
the fame resort for its high roller casino action.
And the third million plus slot machine winner in 67 days hungry for dinner.
A couple of decided to play 20 bucks before seeking a restaurant at five p.m.
Danny lined up the three winning symbols on the no limit progressive dollar slot machine.
On the fourth pull of the handle with only 12 bucks invested.
12 bucks and he got a million bucks back plus four thousand eight on top of it.
Danny said he always puts three coins the maximum bet on the dollar slot machines
to assure a chance to win the highest payout.
Well, of course, if you want the jackpot crackpot, you got to play the max.
He found a good machine mine, put 12 bucks in there.
Like the guy that put 40 bucks in the mega bucks here last Thursday.
We can go today and one four point seven million for 40 bucks.
Nice.
The win marks the 18th million plus slot machine jackpot at Caesar's palace,
which paid Vegas's first million dollar slot winner August 14th, 1983.
The most recent was last June one when an unemployed Midwest businessman one more than 21 million.
On Saturday, the resort will present a one million dollar first place cash jackpot to the winner of its
Maximus slot tournament.
Thank God and thanks to his palace,
explain Danny 32 as he and brandy 26 were offered a mountain of $100 bills equal to their jackpot.
As I would spend their money, Danny said carefully will pay off bills by a bigger house by a second car and help our parents.
And that tweet.
Very brandy, said you would quit her job as credit manager for financial services company,
freeing her to care for their 15 month old daughter.
Danny's got a 13 year old year old daughter by previous marriage city plans to continue working as manager of a health
food business.
Jackpot was paid immediately via wire transfer and one lump sum, no annual payments.
The two had just arrived in the city for vacation.
How do you like that? They just got there.
He put 12 bucks into the machine and he wants a million bucks.
They dined in the resort's fame palace court restaurant and were treated away luxurious suite.
Sweet pretty sweet.
All right.
Put in 12 bucks, get him in the bag.
Even even Chris could handle that.
I could definitely handle that.
Now, how's that little turd flea coming?
Is he still in the meeting and avoiding us like to play?
Well, he's not here yet, sir.
Yeah, like I said, avoiding us like to play probably to tap your 11 at 560 WQM.
The sports leader neon god.
Dad, what are you doing in the ball, though?
From the producers of the children comes another slice of real life.
Reality films presents.
Good night, kids.
Remember to keep that stereo.
OK, my way promise.
Well, genius.
Caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood.
And the only thing that's certain is.
I'll get a pair of all who.
It was to creamers.
Tell your daughter I'm ready to take it to a slumber party.
But I thought that was just for girls.
And yes, you're I'll show you something just for girls.
When they go through Q&A, you go through hell.
The teenager.
Sure.
Now destroying a living room near you.
Oh, thank you so much.
Whoever just reminded me was on a squeak who used to say,
Nicaragua, Nicaragua like that.
Nicaragua.
But nevertheless, I'm asked,
we can according to a kid.
We could he she had a great ass.
Remember kid curry.
Yep, do you?
I remember the name.
Yeah, over at the power 96, whatever happened to him.
So he left under very mysterious circumstances, didn't he?
I believe so. Yes.
I mean, one day he was there in the next day.
He wasn't there.
And nobody ever gave us the real reason why and everybody in the world
wanted to know one thing.
Why?
222 votes on our pool.
Here's the deal.
If you could take a body part from a celebrity and put it on your spouse,
I would take a how come we didn't put on there?
I don't have a spouse.
I don't know.
Well, get it on there, please, fatso.
Where is the fleet, by the way?
Is he in there yet?
Naya little turd, little turd.
God, what a turd burger.
Jennifer Lopez is asked 61, Pamela Anderson's boobs, 50.
Kathy Arland's eyes, 29 Sarah Palin's boobs, 20.
Brady Quinn's chest, 13.
John Holmes's member, his thing, 13.
Jennifer Aniston's hair, 10.
Kate Hudson's lip, six.
Roseanne Barrett's figure, six.
Oh, Jennifer Aniston's leg, seven and her ass, six.
She's all over the place.
Roseanne Barrett's figure, six.
Go figure.
Barack Obama's ears, three Donald Trump's hair, one.
I don't have a spouse.
We just put on there.
Chris is right on top of it.
Man, I got 80 billion more emails from yesterday
that I'll get to eventually or not.
Maybe we'll just, maybe we'll just quit doing the show
until fleet decides to show his ass in there.
Wouldn't that be something that is well deserved on their part?
So speaking of slots, here's one that says,
the Nichols' slot lady, three-port Louisiana,
a 43-year-old East Texas woman playing Nichols' slots,
one nearly 2.2 million at the Elder Router Resort
Casino and three-port.
Casino officials today identify the winner
as Melissa Gail Ray of Jacksonville, Texas.
To be exact, she won $2,058,363.
Stay-watt Progressive Mega Jackpot
on Wheel of Fortune Machine yesterday.
How do you like that?
$2,058,000 on the Wheel of Fortune Mega Jackpot.
Bitch.
And that was that on the Nichols, did it say?
The Nichols' slot lady, it's probably one of those machines
where you play like 45 credits times five lines.
Something like that.
800 lines times, you know, like that.
It's not really a Nichol machine.
There's no such thing anymore.
This is the new scam at all of Casino's now.
Oh, the max is 45 credits times 10 lines,
so 450 times whatever, you know.
It's a joke.
Here's one about Chris again.
Oh boy, they're sure picking on your fat ass today.
From Allison, the fake Allison.
Hi, Neil.
It's Allison and WQA.
And I think too that fat Chris is a disgusting pick of a man.
Every morning he comes in our studio sweating and smelling like old salami
that's been left out on the sun for two walk.
Ha, ha, ha.
The old salami, Chris, you should consider yourself extremely lucky to do the show from
Toronto and don't have to be subjected to this fat, ugly, stinky slob.
God, I hate that fat bastard.
Neil, this is a request from everyone who works here.
Please fire Chris.
Every time he walks by me, I think I'm going to blow chunks.
He also tries to give me a hug when he leaves, which makes my clothes smell for hours.
They're also rumors flying around all over the station that Joe, Joe Bell and Chris are having sex.
The thought of those ward hogs going at it has me sick to my stomach.
There's now also a rumor that Chris is sleeping with Joe Bell, so we can get close to him
and take over the tentative show on the station.
We love you, Neil.
Don't want to see this happen.
Please, Neil.
Get rid of Chris.
He has grotesque thanks.
Signed Allison.
How do you like that?
Gotta love it.
I just love the fake, you know, oh, well, the bastard's been doing it, but the bastards aren't funny.
That's the difference, you know, the fake Hank Goldberg.
It's always the fake everybody on QIM.
Anna asks me, somebody says, don't forget Anna's square.
He once put the Cuban curse on you, perhaps that explains Joe Bell.
I don't remember that.
You put the Cuban curse on me?
Oh, yeah.
Here's this Jason who needs mental help.
Could you please put Willie Nelson's hair on the pole?
No thanks.
Thanks, but no thanks, Jason.
Get a life.
Go find a different boyfriend.
Okay, Willie's busy.
I guess he wants Willie's what he wants.
Sounds pretty old and wrinkly to me.
Mr. Highly sends me this.
Nine words that women use.
One, fine.
This is the word women use to end an argument when they're right and you need to shut up.
Two, five minutes.
If she's getting dressed, this means half an hour.
Five minutes is only five minutes.
If you've just been given five more minutes to watch the game before helping around the house.
Three, nothing.
This is the con before the storm.
This means something and you should be on your toes arguments to begin with nothing
usually end in fine.
Four, go ahead.
This is a dare not permission.
Don't do it.
Five, loud sigh.
This is actually a word, but it's a nonverbal statement off of misunderstood by men.
A loud sigh means she thinks you're an idiot and wonders why she's wasting your time standing here and arguing with you about nothing.
Refer back to number three for the meaning of nothing.
Six, that's okay.
This is one of the most dangerous statements a woman can make to a man.
That's okay means she wants to think long and hard before deciding how and when you'll pay for your mistake.
Seven, thanks.
A woman is thanking you to not question her faint.
Just say you're welcome.
I want to put her in her claws here.
This is to unless she says thanks a lot.
That's pure sarcasm and she's not thanking you at all.
Do not say you're welcome.
This will bring on a whatever, which is number eight, whatever is a woman's way of saying screw you.
Although I think it's everybody's way of saying screw you.
Not just women say whatever.
Whatever means F you.
I agree.
Nine, don't worry about it.
I got it.
Another dangerous statement meaning this is something that a woman has told a man to do several times, but is now doing herself.
This will later result in the man asking what's wrong for the woman's response.
Refer to number three, nothing.
That's got a cute.
Killed about a minute and a half, not bad marginally amusing.
Steve says I have two restaurants you have to go to if you haven't already.
Can't they bella Sarah and Parkland best Italian food ever and run in the coral springs.
Bet rated best in the country.
I think it's better than Ruth's Chris.
He says I've been to run in many times.
It is very good, but you know, this business about everything is better than Ruth's Chris.
What's wrong with Ruth's Chris?
Well, you've never been there.
So you don't know.
One day when you win the slots when you win the nickel slot,
then you can afford to go to Ruth Chris.
One other on another note I hope Paylon runs in 2012.
But I don't want to hear about it.
It's all over.
Okay, give it a rest for a few days.
I'm exhausted by it all.
Exhausted by her and the lipstick on the pig and just all the stuff.
And you know, I'm not hearing from any any of those right wing nuts.
None of them.
Isn't that great?
It's awesome.
Number one, none of them have the decency to say, well, you know, you didn't,
yada yada and more full of crap or even like, oh, it's going to be a nightmare or anything like that.
Good.
Mike from Boccas is, I was wondering if you've ever been to Peter Luger's.
No, I've had Peter Luger's steak sauce, of course.
Although when you go to a place like Morton's Ruth Chris, you don't ask for steak sauce.
Unless you're an idiot, you don't need steak sauce because the steak is tender and juicy and
delicious.
And I haven't been to Peter Luger's because it's in New York and I haven't been in New York
in a zillion years.
Nor do I have any desire to go there.
I think I'll croak before I'll ever go back to New York.
And then New Yorkers are probably thinking, good, stay the hell away.
Who the hell needs you, fatso?
Get his name.
The best talent.
You don't have no logic.
Still good.
Well, it's only night and what I see I like.
Those special girls are quiet as I.
They're in their lingerie making test-dials.
On the night footbox, taking over the time.
We may not already.
We're such a delight.
There's going to be a battle in the underwear tonight.
Are you ready?
There have been a given swelling.
Are you ready for a match of rape or no?
Every man's a sad.
Yeah, it's going for an after-beard.
We're the lingerie fascination.
Wearing a sexy candy and bronze in spite.
So proud my morning friends.
Drop in on undenied.
Blow that horn, baby.
1131 at 560 W.M.
I bet your flea is with us now, isn't he?
Not yet.
Not.
I thought he was going to be out for an hour in that meeting.
That's who it's hoping for.
No, that's not answered the question.
This is a show that's like on the year.
This is a radio show.
It's on the air.
The transmitter is pumping it out.
Not very well, but it's pumping it out.
The final tubes in the transmitter are glowing and blowing.
Remember the Kenny and Blow morning show?
How do we ever survive following that?
Oh my God.
Was that a show or what?
Kenny and Blow morning show.
Robert Creeper, the Lord of the Board.
What was he?
What was the other part of that?
The Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board.
The Grim Reaper, the Lord of the Board.
Oh, Kenny Walker, you were such a silly FM clown.
See the guys on FM that come up with like cliches, you know.
Like the old rock jocks on AM 80 million years ago.
Like Bobby Todd with the Pimpley Bod at CKLW and Windsor Detroit.
CKLW, I think this was once a great industry man.
It was great.
Not good, but great.
Now I'm going to go back on my word.
Oh, you're such a hypocrite.
I'll be whatever I want to be.
How do you like that?
I don't need any critiques from any of you hard as bastards.
Fox, Palin didn't know Africa is a continent.
So yeah, I said I wasn't going to talk about any of this crap anymore.
Because the elections overweat.
Don't you think we need like a breather?
Yeah, I do.
Look at that.
They're riding in the streets in LA.
That they're actually stopping traffic.
They were blocking people from getting out of their cars and one protester.
It's a fact-fist.
On one of the patrol cars, things have a little bit tense, Tony.
And the police stepped in.
They had the taunts.
They quickly had to put these people down.
Things were rather peaceful.
They say when you take a look at some of that video, it's...
One of those dikes.
They're just wild.
Audi, but they say that overall they took four people into custody.
And there were no injuries.
Hey, Phil.
I'm looking at some more video from last night.
And there's some tapping on the windowpays of it.
You can't tap this, you moron.
Some tapping on the windowpays.
Oh, God.
So just how woefully unqualified was Sarah Palin?
Now that the election is over,
eight St. John McCain's campaign
are staring to dish on the former Republican Vice-Presidential nominee.
The Alaska Governor who bragged about being able to see Russia from her home state
was pretty uninformed on even the most basic details of the world it appears.
A simpleton, a trailer trash moron.
As Fox News' Carl Cameron reported Wednesday,
Palin allegedly thought Africa was a country, not a continent,
and didn't know which countries were part of the North American Free Trade Agreement
after, which would be US, Mexico, and Canada.
Cameron's report joins negative four trails of Palin in New-Sweek and New York Times,
which today revealed that Palin had not prepared for a disastrous interview with Katie Kurek
on CBS and did not inform McCain official she had scheduled an interview
with two Canadian pranksters from Montreal posing as French President Nicholas Sarcosi.
The Fox reported diplomatically noted McCain aides were concerned about Palin's
lack of knowledge of ability is Cameron diplomatically put it. She's a moron. She's a simpleton.
Conservative bloggers who maybe Palin's only remaining defenders are furious at McCain's aides
leaks about her. Michelle Malcolm calls them claseless cowards suffering from Palin de rangement
syndrome and red state has launched Operation Leper to track down the aides who are
dishing the dirt. They're dishing the dirt. Don't you love that expression they're dishing the dirt?
Let's have a hundred million more of those stupid ass shows on TV inside edition, outside edition.
Oh, this one is doing that one and this one did this and this one's got a penis in the air. Okay.
Anybody who watches those shows by the way will be arrested under the new regime.
You watch those shows? Not at all. I think they're annoying. They're very annoying. Who the hell cares
about these stupid ass celebrities? It's not bad enough that they're making zillions of dollars so
they can buy a lot of heavy drugs. That's not bad enough. Dr. Rale says, happy birthday many, many more.
I got a million more birthday greetings from yesterday. I haven't even started to get to those yet.
It's almost noon already. Sounds really promising. By the way, I broke even it with my actually one
about I won cab fare yesterday. All right. I went with my lesbianies cab driver. Why I figured it was my
birthday. I would treat myself to, you know, being chauffeur out there and back. I want enough to
pay him the fare and that was it. I had, you know, a week time. It weren't paying. Did you have a good
time though? What, it would buy? Yeah. No, I did not. Oh, I was losing 900 bucks and then I got it
back and I broke even so I guess I should say, wow, I had a fabulous time but I did not. It was
just the ambiance of the place was kind of like, oh, you know, we're lots of like smelly old
shiny mon. Oh, anyway, Dr. Rale says I have it. It's true. I have a ton of exams to grade yet here,
I said, writing to you, I sent an email to George when he read it on the year I was thrilled. Why is
that? I guess I have no life, Dr. Rale says. I have no life. Yeah, I guess so. I love your show. Hope
you never retire, even though you did come in idiot when you read my last email idiot. He enjoys
being called an idiot. He wants to be whipped and beaten and flage-related, fact, frag-fag-related.
249 votes on the poll. Now they're all the Paul Volker. Is he going to be the
Secretary of Treasury and who's going to do this and all these others, you know? Can we wait a
few days before we have to worry about who's going to be in the cabinet? I think it's much of
more important for the Obama's to go to the White House and see where all the dishes and the
colories in the cabinets. Deportary is here. Huh? Guesses here. Flea speaking of idiots. You little
retard, you little twerp. 1137 in the big city, okay, in the tragic city. 1137 and more, and this
guy was supposed to be with us at 11 who was really supposed to be with us at 10. I know.
And then all of a sudden, oh, you think we can serve. I mean, we survive very well. Fat
Chris did a fine job in your absence, Mr. He's the excellence. We need you. We need you like we need
a lock-and-cope. Okay. But don't go away. Well, I mean, you engendered so much hate there toward
the end of the show yesterday. I think the fact that you finally showed up will probably stimulate
some really. We had some more great emails about the Christian Najali Job, by the way. Oh, those
are the best, including one from fake Allison who is grossed out by Chris's presence even in the building.
So flea is with us. If you want to rip them and ask feel feel free to rip flea, we're just step on them.
You know, it was a long many, many years. I'm trying to remember if my dogs ever had fleas. I guess
when there were puppies they did. I'm sure. But it was many, many years that they never had any fleas.
Probably not many fleas up in Toronto, though. The weather? Well, my dogs wore it up in Toronto.
They were down there. They've been dead for a while. Okay. I'm sorry. You're knocking my dogs now. You just
came in and that stupid promotion meeting and now he's knocking my dogs. Oh, it's tiny.
Came in swinging and the promotion meeting. I'd rather have a bullet in my head. Okay.
So how the meeting go? Oh, it's excellent. What do you guys do with those promotion meetings?
Because we don't do any promotions. So what do you talk about? Well, first of all, like half of
people have a lot of games. Yeah, then half of people have to do their little stand-up comedy routine before
we can actually start talking about stuff. Because the first meeting was with Joe Rose. So you got
to go through the first 15 minutes. Was he singing? Was he singing a little bit? Yeah. Was he
taking out a collection to pay the electric bill? Yeah, the electric bill. Yeah. And singing.
And screaming. He's been the screaming a lot lately. I don't know what his story is. He's a screamer.
FAMING! And then we have to sit through everybody's like, everybody else has their little comedy bits
they have to do. So Clarence has to joke around a little bit. The Beast has to joke around a little bit.
The Beat and Women. The Beast is in the promotion meeting? Absolutely. Why? So we can look at Clarence's
rectum. They were sitting next to each other. Oh my god. What is the Beast doing in the promotion
meeting? I don't know. I asked that same question. And I didn't get an answer.
You better not start messing around with Clarence's boyfriend. You'll be history. I don't
care how tight you are with Jelly Joe Bell. I know. I'm afraid when he comes back from the budget
meeting, I might be cut from the budget. Oh, he's still in the budget meeting? Yeah, he's in Naples
right now. I'm for Myers. Oh good. Oh, happy day. I know. I wonder I felt so good. I thought it was
because yesterday was my birthday in Obama won the election. Because the the presence of Jelly Joe
that lingers over us. I thought he was there yesterday. Didn't he come in yesterday and wish me
happy birthday? Yeah. And then he left like halfway through the day to go to Naples. Oh.
To the Beast. No news reports of a crash on a highway. No, nothing yet.
What's his name? The best talent. He looks like he's in a Roger. I'm going to kick his ass and then
I'll steal his two pay.
I'm 45 at 560 WQ I am happy Thursday to you. Boy, you realize I got to wait another 364 days till my next
birthday. Uh oh. That sucks. Unless this is a leap year. Is this a leap year? 2008 was yeah.
So what does that mean? It's got nothing to do with it. Yeah, next year won't be still 365. What?
Still 364 days. You just said 365. Well, in a year, but take a few minds. Three, four, three, four, three,
man, tick. Nobody is sending you any hate by the way. I checked on there. No, no hate yet. It's
early. Well, they haven't got used to the sound of the voice. They think maybe guilty dropped in for a
second. Uh, VA and coop this afternoon, four until seven. Another tremendous Joe Bell ratings booster.
No, no, no, where did that pairing come from? I'm not sure. I think Clarence picked that together.
Yeah. Yep. Yeah. So Adam Cooper seems like a real broadcaster. Yep. Yeah. Yeah.
Barack Obama's not even been sworn in yet as the 44th president of the US, but groups are
springing up online, calling for his impeachment. The headline on this story in Pich Obama group hits
Facebook, Facebook, my ass, ass book, my face on Facebook and in Pich Barack Obama group has
attracted more than 700 members and lively debate about the election victory over McCain on Tuesday.
Another Facebook group of the same name has 160 members and nurtures others to join because we
might as well get a head start on the impeachment of Obama. What a bunch of lunatics. What did I tell
yesterday about Clinton? I remind you that before even took office in 92. Actually took office 93
in January, but nevertheless, before he actually was sworn in, they already were working to get his ass
out of there. There were a lot of Americans out there that who don't do not fully understand the
concept of socialism or communism, which is why they elected Obama as president says yet another
Facebook group in Pich Barack, who say Obama has 160 members. It decries that Obama's voice
in port for various unconstitutional programs such as the assault weapons ban, universal health
care and various schemes for wealth distribution. What are we going to do about it? And Pich him it says.
Obama still has a way to go. However, do we call a number of impeached George Bush groups on Facebook,
which lists at least 95 such groups with varying membership? How do you like that? Already, I mean,
they won't even let the guy enjoy a few days of something, peace and quiet. I'm scared.
Scared of what? Those people. Facebook, don't you understand? Lifeless A-holes on Facebook,
like some of the lifeless A-holes on the Myspace. Oh, there was quite a, oh, and I got fed Chris
is this stuff on Myspace. One of them was Johnny Depp saying how he misses me and thinks every day
about me in Yadi-Adi, which was cute. And then that kind of retard looking guy who's put that muscle
bomb guy, some young pumpkin bad need of a haircut. But at least he took the time to send me something,
you know, marginally interesting. Did Joe Bell's package ever show up? No, I keep checking every day.
I keep checking my mailbox every day, but Joe Bell hasn't sent me Schmidt. I almost just went
ahead and said it. You noticed that? Could you hear it? That's okay. We could have dumped you.
Don't you dare dump anything I say on this show, you fat turd. Okay, let's see if there's any hate for
free yet. That was really entertaining though. And it came in just before the end of the show yesterday.
Yeah, that was brutal. That was no as great. I cried a little. Oh, God. Without a gold standard,
Frank Hogan, Frank O'Awey, okay? Quit bugging me with your suit of intellectual crap.
Let's see. Here's a, um, this is a good poll. I like this. I'm going to print it out.
In fact, flea might be able to relate to it to them, but they don't hate you today.
Yeah, I told Chris to add Angelina Jolie's lips to the poll.
Now, what did I just do? Oh, no, tell me I deleted that thing. I just tried to print out.
What's going on with it? Oh, here it is. It's printing out.
The most glues your food. Oh, here's one. My name is Alex King. I work with the Western golden
bank of Abidjan. Cote de Tive, who are is an accountant for an operation department. In the
discharge of my duty, I stumbled upon this domicile area count that's remained dormant for three
years now with $15 million in it. I contacted my director and we sent our staff for inquiries and
discovered that the account holder died an auto crash with an, uh, with the next of kin.
I'm writing you so that we can work with you to remit the money in your account.
Now are there people who really fall for that credit all the time? Really?
Yeah, I saw a special on that. I'm like 60 minutes or date line. It's ridiculous how stupid these
people are. Probably the same ones on that Facebook. Larry says when there's a leap year,
there's always a presidential election. Happy birthday. Thank you, Larry. I never knew that.
Did you know that? Any year there's a presidential election that's a leap year as Bush can
leap on the balcony and the Obama can leap in. What makes sense? Yeah, sure. Here's the poll.
Excluding pork and shellfish. What's the most? Goi is your food. And here's the list of 10.
Chicken pot pie beef stew bread pudding string being casserole chicken of the sea tuna fish.
Well, why is tuna fish, uh, go ahead, yeah? No idea. Well, I mean, as far as orthodox
Jews, you know, but, but I'm crossing that out. What do you think, Flea? Sorry, I always have
had attention to foods here. What a turd. See, that's why he just came in. He knew the food was
coming in now from tropical. Oh, yeah, the time down. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I learned from quarters.
You're such a schmuck. Catfish, slim gyms, pickled eggs, sloppy jails, or fried chicken.
Which is the most goi is your food? Oh, pickled eggs for sure. How about spam? I'm putting spam
on there, but definitely not chicken of the sea tuna. Why is tuna goi ishua?
No idea. I mean, we're not talking about Gary Sarner types. Now, his Gary Sarner still alive
today, by the way. You know, he actually did not come in yesterday. I don't think. Maybe you
would. He was so sad about his loss. Or maybe he's in the budget meetings with Jolly Joe.
He's here today. Oh, is he there today? Well, yeah. I wonder if I felt like a, I felt like the
ghost of Jew Lieberman was hovering over my head. That's my goal is to live one day more,
or hopefully much more than that, more than Jew Lieberman. How old is that son of a bitch,
by the way? Actually, Lieberman is 66. How do you know that? I looked it up the other day when
you were talking about him. He's 10 months older than you. Good. Good. Cox or hoist, die, a wicked death,
Jew Lieberman. You bastard. And they keep asking these various Democrats. Not that I want to get
political again, but they ask him, well, is the day of reckoning coming today and meaning today?
But it beat, but it boot, but about, you know, they're all wimping out all these talking heads.
They keep putting on there. Get him out of there. Kick him out. Kick him out of the party and take
his mezzzoo away for a bison lunatic. So I like that pull a lot. Maybe we'll do that for Friday.
What do you think? Sounds like a weiner. So what do you got there for food? What do they bring you guys?
They run packed right now. It's really good. Stakes. Stakes. Veal. Rack of lamb.
Mm. Porterhouse chicken Mediterranean. Special filet. You know, strip. I mean, they bought a feast.
Good. God. And that's why you came modeling back in there. 1137. Absolutely. Because it 1150,
they were in there. You probably smelled it out in the hallway. It was either that or the
intrails of Jolly Jobell. Isn't that where you sniffed out there in the hall?
Could nobody's ripping you yet, Flea? You're not doing it. Well, try. I should have saved that one
from the ass end of the show yesterday in case anybody missed it. It was classic.
Now here's one. Another guy that wants to tell us what to do. Cal.
Deer Neil, not that the election is over. We have the chance to have a normal presidency. Could you
please redo the website and get rid of all the Bush, Cheney, and Palin crap? Is I personally hope I
never see their repulsive faces again? What do you think? Sure. Of course, why do we want to redo
the website now when we're going to get Richard Roamer is going to send us all that information about
how to make a really nifty website and improve the one we got? Yeah, that's happening soon, right?
No. He just vanished. He doesn't send me anything. He just disappeared.
Assuming that was somebody's real name, which it may or may not have been, not that it makes a
difference, but he just never came back and gave me. I said, sure, we'd appreciate it. It would be
really nice. Be sweet. If he'd give us a helping land, but no, that was the end of him. He vanished.
All got their critiques, man. And believe me, that website could use a lot of improving. There's
a lot of old, old stuff on there, but nevertheless, we did move the poll up there to the top of
all that stuff. So he doesn't have to look at that stuff, the poll and the bedtime stories.
The stories are right there for you right out of the poll. So you don't have to scroll and see
all the other stuff that you find so offensive. I think we wait after Obama gets sworn in,
then we take away all that stuff. What do you say? Sure. It'll buy us some time.
While we try to, well, we're great for Richard Roamer to give us advice on how to rebuild our website.
Larry says, happy birthday. I'd say you should live another 66 years so you can remain on the
radio, but that would be pretty selfish of me with these nut jobs you contend with, the callers,
the emails and of course the jackasses who run the station. Don't know how you made it this
long without shooting someone. Well, if I only could, I'll be unable to hear when you read this on
the ear, not that it matters. It's the birthday wish that matters, so many, many happy returns and
made the slots be kind. And you were right about Obama from the get go. I was a Biden guy at the
beginning, so I was thrilled and Biden joined the team. Let's hope the promise is exceeded by
the accomplishment. Thanks, Larry, even though you can't hear me.
This is Coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid. And I want to tell you,
it's the 12-1 hour or whatever.
Yeah, well congratulations, good luck. It's the 12-1 and those certificates are sold out unofficial.
Why do you say it would such like a crapitation? No, I knew the place is going to sell quick.
Wow, the food is really good. Like in about 10 seconds, they sold out.
We had $50, $100 certificates, $50 bucks a piece and they sold out in a matter of seconds.
Of course, it says they're all processing. Please check back later. So we'll let you know whether
it's official when the official thing goes up on the toad board. Not a problem with just another
two or three minutes. What? That should be official within two or three minutes. So what are you guys
eating? I've got some type of a steak with a half brown it with what with hash browns.
Ooh, yeah, the hash browns are awesome. They're for goyem. Mm. And it's got a marshmallow,
marshmallows, mushrooms on them on the steak. I love that. We've done a couple of times.
Which little rack of lamb? Which little rack of lamb? Mostly for goyem and Jesus always seems to win.
Yeah, well, Doug is tearing into a nice. What is that New York strip? Doug's eating New York
strip right now. Oh, Doug loves that New York meat. Believe me. That's what I've heard. How is that,
Doug? Delicious. We have veal someplace. I think. Veal one. I'm not sure. I'm not sure.
But I know they said when they're here. What was that? What was that? People are talking in here. There's
a lot of people in here. Kenny Maldon's in here. Kenny's in there. How you doing, Kenny?
He says he's doing good. Thank God. He's running away with the filet right now.
Yeah, good. Good for you. Go. We try to feed Kenny every Thursday.
It's a potato. Kenny gets some short. Make sure we feed Kenny Maldon. He's one of the good people in that
building. Not too many of them. He's too thin. No, he needs to eat. Yeah, eat. S S.
S in Mergay and S in. Come on. Go eat a good meal, Kenny.
Now, clearance isn't in there eating our food. Is he? No, not right now. I want to be fair.
We're officially sold out. That little weasel. We're officially sold out in second. How do you like that, Muff?
Of course, we knew we would because it's a great place and everybody knows about it. It's been there for
a hundred years and one minute. We sold out in one minute, which really was just a matter of seconds.
Aren't you proud? I think we ought to be able to go home now. How to be able to go out and
go to Woodbine and plunge my gut side with my new Woodbine wallet that Paco bought me from my birthday
with my money. But wasn't that thoughtful? It was very thoughtful. Now, somebody sends me this and
I thought that they were confused because yesterday we found out that Circuit City was going belly up.
It says, how could sound advice be going down? I go back to the days when big
Dave used to pimpen during the late night movies on Channel 51 speaking to Big Dave Dixon.
I can't believe this. I'm beside myself. Oh, no, that's a hologram. No over here. I'm on CNN. Oh, yeah.
Isn't that something that thing they're doing with a hologram? Like we're supposed to be impressed by that?
Who cares about that? They're so full of themselves on CNN with their best political team and their
best this and their best that. Oh, my God.
hologram. I asked, well, what did that? What did that add to our enjoyment of the election coverage or
information? Zipity. No, da. Zipity. A. I'm feeling really, really kind of gay. It says, I never did buy anything.
It's not advice. They were too expensive. Who and what am I doing here? Warner Wolf. Let's read it.
Said. So I Google it just to make sure that this wasn't either something phony below me or confused with
the circuit city since they were both very similar. The Jensen Beach Zoo or sounded
vice were closed by the end of the year. Sales started this week with discounts. It started at
10% on TVs DVDs and stereo receivers. 20% on speakers and 40% on power supplies and cable.
Liquidators expect to clear out the last of inventory closed the stores after the Christmas holiday.
Sound advice is also closed stores in North Palm Beach or land to a West Palm Beach.
The end came after sound advice parent, tweeter home entertainment. Nothing could be
neither than to call someone a tweeter like like like flee. You're a tweeter.
Oh yeah. It makes sounds like like that tweeter. Hey, I've called it a parlor's called me a tweeter.
What does that mean? Some of you makes tweety sounds remember Tweety Bird? Okay.
It means you ferry. Decided to pull the plug on all 94 of its remaining stores.
Canton, Massachusetts based tweeter was acquired out of bankruptcy last year for 38 million bucks
by Schultz asset management hedge fund. Schultz sounds like a bunch of Germans to me.
The new owners chopped expenses closed stores and reduced the retailer's visibility by shifting
advertising direct mail and radio. Once touted as a bounty for consumer electronics, the spread
of flat screen and HDTV is instead become part of many chains struggle to survive including tweeter
they defunct direct stores in circuit city which this week set up a closed 20% of its 700 stores
including the one in Viral Beach. Oh, they're only closing 20 of their 700 stores. What's the
big man see with that? What's the big simmous? This counter is like best by Walmart and Target
have aggressively become big sellers as well as installers and manufacturers continue to lower
prices meanwhile a slacking economy has signed on many prospective buyers. I think you're pretty
soon you'll be able to go into Walgreens and just grab your own big screen TV.
Pay for it with SNH green stamps and cart that baby onto your pickup truck and your SUV and go home.
Right? SNH green stamps? You know you laugh I was reading the story I don't want to get political
like I said but Obama's bringing back green stamps not SNH green stamps you'll see kind of like
which fat boy is going to be needing you better you better chow down on that great food from
a tropical ateris spot. We'll do because in your case any meal could be the last because flea I'm
sure is going back with spy reports on the stuff you say off the air. Oh yeah I'm a double agent.
Oh for sure he goes back to Jolly Joe in fact he'll probably be on the horn with him this afternoon
at two o'clock. I just texted him a second ago to give him a report. Just give him a report.
spy report. How do you text that? How do you spell like that? I think it's PFFFFFT. Yeah.
Yeah the F part was right. The annual Stella Awards this is from Scott.
It says for those unfamiliar with these words they're named after 81-year-old Stella Leighback
who spilled hot coffee on herself and successfully sued the McDonald's in New Mexico or she purchased
the coffee. She took the loot off the coffee put it between her knees while she was driving.
Who would ever think one can get burned doing that? These awards are for the most outlandish lawsuits
and verdicts in the U.S. the kind of cases that make you scratch your head. Seven place. Kathleen
Robertson of Austin Texas was awarded 80 grand by a jury of her peers after ranking her ankle
tripping over a toddler who was running inside a furniture store. The stir owners were
understandably surprised by the verdict considering the running toddler was her own son.
Sixth place. Carl Truman 19 of LA won a $74,000 plus medical expenses award when his neighbor ran
over his head with a Honda Accord. Truman apparently didn't notice there was someone at the wheel of the car
when he was trying to steal his neighbor's hubcaps. At a boy Carl fifth place Terrence Dixon of
Bristol, Pennsylvania was leaving a house he had just burglarized by way of the garage. Unfortunately
for Dixon the automatic garage door opener malfunction he couldn't get the garage door to open.
Worse he couldn't re-enter the house because the door connecting the garage to the house locked
when Dixon pulled a shut. First to sit for eight days on a case of Pepsi and large bag of dry dog food
he sued the homeowner's insurance company claiming undue mental anguish. Amazingly the jury said
the insurance company must pay Dixon 500 grand for his anguish we should all have this kind of
anguish here the sirens. Yep. Oh they're coming for you. They're coming for flee.
Fourth place. Jerry Williams a little rock Arkansas garnered the fourth place in the
cell as when he was awarded 14,000 pounder bucks plus medical expenses after being bitten on the
butt by his next door neighbor's beagle even though the beagle was on a chain in its owner's
fence yard. Williams did not get as much as he asked for because the jury believed the beagle
might have been provoked at the time of the butt bite because Williams had climbed over the fence
into the yard and repeatedly shot the dog with a pellet gun. But they still gave him 14,
five and medical expenses. Third place goes to Amber Carlson of Lancaster, Pennsylvania because
a jury ordered a Philadelphia restaurant to pay her a hundred thirteen thousand five hundred bucks
after she slipped on a spilled soft drink and broke her tailbone. The reason the soft drink
was on the floor Miss Carlson had thrown it at her boyfriend thirty seconds earlier during an
argument. Whatever happened to people being responsible for their own actions it said.
She threw it on a floor and then she slipped on it and it gave her a bunch of money. Second place,
Cara Walton of Paymont Delaware sued the owner of a nightclub in nearby city because she fell
from the bathroom window to the floor knocking out her two front teeth. Even though Miss Walton was
trying to sneak through the ladies room window to avoid paying the three and a half dollar cover charge,
the jury said the nightclub had appeared 12 grand plus dental expenses.
$3.50 covered charge. First place it says maybe we have a fanfare played on 50
Kazoo's place. Well we don't have any Kazoo's but we do have rumble.
This year's runaway first place Stella Award winner is Mrs. Murr Grzinski of Oklahoma City who purchased
a new 32 foot Winnebago motorhome. On her first trip home from an OU football game having driven
into the freeway she set the cruise control at 70 miles an hour and calmly left the driver's seat
to go to the back of the Winnebago to make herself a sandwich. Not surprisingly the motorhome left
the freeway crashed and overturned also not surprisingly Mrs. Grzinski sued Winnebago for not putting
in the owner's manual that you couldn't actually leave the driver's seat while the cruise control was set.
The Oklahoma jury awarded her $1,750,000 plus a new motorhome. Winnebago actually changed their manuals
as a result of the suit just in case Mrs. Grzinski has any relatives who also might buy a motorhome.
It says you can't fix stupid and now it's profitable. I don't like that. They gave her almost
two million bucks. That is insane because she went back to make a sandwich. While she put it on cruise
control she thought it would like you know kind of steer it on the high-well. Yeah.
Someday without having vehicles like that you think? Yep. They have the ones now with the
sensor for like parallel parking so you don't you know crashing the other cars. Yeah Lexus I think has that.
Do they really? Yeah. 317 votes on the pool. Donald Trump's hair finally got a pair.
25 years ago Michael Jackson's mega hit thriller. They peed on MTV. Where did the time go?
Michael Jackson you got a gorgeous house here and I want to thank you for the interview.
Sure. Thriller. 25 years ago. This is unbelievable. Besides plastic surgery to your face what
else have you done the last 25 years? I don't do anything to my face. Honestly. Michael come on
your nose looks like an iPod adapter. It just knows you know. So what else have you done?
Doing all kind of crazy stuff and we have bussoloes of kids thousands of bunbounds of children.
I see them there with all of them. Just out of curiosity. Could I see your bedroom?
My room is a complete wreck. That's okay I won't judge. Whoa what's going on here?
There was two to a feces thrown all over the walls. The floor was sealed. How do you like the smell?
Is it good? No it's not good. I'm going to be sad. It's okay.
1217 at 560 WQAMD. You know where your doggies are huh?
By the way those stories are all fake. The still awards thing. Oh I got a couple of emails about
that. They've been circulating on the internet for a long time evidently. They're all made up. It
says they've all been circulating on the internet for months even years. The bad news is in the
present legal climate in the US. We'd accept them as if they were two. Because we're visited by
runaway jurors and gutless judges and greedy travelers who would cause a ring of credibility
sound in each of these ridiculous tales says John. Thank you John. Yeah I got a few of
what emails about that. There it's just made up crap but they're still cute.
Now here's one maybe a fleek can help us with this. Although I think it's only one guy. It's
that Jason guy that hates you like poison. Okay because he's the one that sent that great email at
the end of the show yesterday and it says tick shut your mouth. Why don't you go do your job
and stuff ruining the show you have a voice like Elmo. You have a voice like Elmo. You squeaky little
bitch. Do everybody a favor and go kill yourself. I hope you choke on the food. Have a heart attack
signed. Everybody listening. Wow. At a boy Jason keep him coming. Oh nice really nice. That was
classy. That was flea. I know Chris wouldn't do that. Correct. That was flea.
Grepsing auditioning for his own show. That's what this is all about. I'm hoping. Yeah you're
grown up. What a schmuck. Now here's the one I was going to ask you about from one of our chronic
emailers. Okay. It says Jews only eat bumblebee brand. Goi and me chicken of the sea. Now I never
heard of that. I've been a Jew for 66 years and a couple of days one day and I never heard that.
Did you? No I've never heard that. Jews only eat bumblebee brand. Now why would that be?
Maybe that's the white tuna, the albacore? I don't know.
Let me say it again. Only ortho. We're not interested in what ortho is. Jews. I know what they
can eat. They can eat goat bat. Goat and Dung for all I care like Jew Lieberman. I still say
somebody ought to trade Gary Sarner's lunch. Oh God I would I would pay to see that.
And while you were out in your big meeting Cheryl Riftkin called and Chris had me pick up line 12.
I've had an active an active absolute lunacy on his part. An active insubordination for which
lesser smaller people would have gone further. If I knew it was her I wouldn't have you know how'd
you pick it up. If I knew it was her I wouldn't have answered it. It is pretty eat though that when
you punch up a number like that line that the I never knew that before until today that the monitor
goes into operation. Oh you know what I mean? No. The screen appears the phone screen appears on
the monitor. Oh okay. Because I have it in the off position most of the time it's just sitting
there you know the screen saver. Yeah when you punch up a line like like that and I don't
expect here too many more punching up of any lines because flea is here he doesn't want any calls.
Nope and believe you me it's already almost 12 30 it'll be at least two o'clock before I even come
close to reading all the emails that I've yesterday. Thanks again for all the birthday stuff
in a good crap. Thanks for the good crap. I would like to hear more about the tuna. I'm not a big
tuna guy. Yeah. All the tuna is the only fish that I'll eat. I hate fish. Oh god I can't even
stand away. It smells. But tuna is not fishy tasting right? No not at all especially if it's cooked
right. Cooked. Well I mean yet not just can tuna like real tuna. I can turn it to tacky.
No. What did I just get to say about how I hate fish? You said you like tuna that's tuna.
I like tuna. You like tuna. Oh can't you. I'm sure you like tuna in your can too.
Don in New York says don't listen to that chronic who actually take down all the Bush and
Pail and Pictures on your website. How do you take down pictures of that white trash simple
and horror but please leave the pictures of Bush Smith drunk or face drunk on your website
as a public service they're priceless. Okay Don I'm leaving everything up on there. Eric leave
it all there until we give you the the heads down heads up. Oh and by the way
even though they don't have the right name on here they have it spelled wrong. Thanks to whoever sent
this KB. Neil for your information Richard Ricky Romer was Al Patino's character in Glen Gary
Glen Ross. So you would suspect that was a fake name given to you. And you know all the days
I kept saying that George how come we never heard from Richard Romer again and George who's
supposed to be the expert on everything especially that movie. Uh new nothing. Have you made your
decision for Christ? Glen Gary Glen Ross one of the great movies of all time. Where did you learn
your trade? You idiot. Whoever told you that you could work with men. What's your hired for?
Is to help us because that seemed clear to you to help us to help men who are going out there to
try to earn a living. You company man. You're fair. So anyway that's a Richard Romer there's no such
person. Doesn't that explain it? Yep. That's one of the wonders of the internet baby of the emails
and Facebook and my face and your space and all that other crap. Erasatz it's only make believe
even Conway Twitty would be blushing right now if he weren't thinking of the fishes. See he's
sleeping with the tuna and you know what tuna smells like. Oh my god just go ask Bill Parcells
Bill tuna Parcells as as Clarence used to put on the schedule the big tuna Parcells
Clarence you're such a simple to man. Even when it comes to sports you can't get it right
but we got DA and Adam Cooperstein. DA and Coupe are in the loop four to seven this afternoon for
the man dog. Where is he today? Is he in the morning because of the election? No idea. I wonder
what he had to say about yesterday. Do you think he said anything on his show about him? I don't
think so. Now like the election never took place. Election what's that all about? What's it got to do
with the ball game? Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Give me the soap. Give me
the soap. Joe and I got to go take a shower. I'll tell you one thing about Joe Rose man. He sure
gets around. He showers with the man dog. He showers with the Danny boy. How did you do with the
ladies? Yeah how you doing with the ladies Joe? How you doing with the ladies? At least he didn't
ask Rose now is that this morning. But we did find out about the $700 million in contracts that he's
responsible for this year of which he gets three percent or 21 million. Wouldn't you be kind of
embarrassed to go on a year and tell people that you make 21 million? That guy's a jackass. Off of
other people's talents. What a jerk. He's no jerk jerk street and he's no jerks from two to four.
Now what's the story with him? And Dian Land to gig and cross the street or is he just uh
I think he was doing fill in type stuff over there. Yeah.
And what did you tell me about Sid the Kid loves do Lieberman? Oh yeah I had him on the show
and everything leading up to the election. Had him on the show. Yeah. Oh my god. Oh my god.
Oh.
We sold out our certificates by the way in less than a minute today for Trapper Lakers. Nice job folks.
And they were all legit too. How do you like that?
Am I right? Yeah. Hey it's now a hurricane. Yeah. Hurricane Paloma.
Tropical storm Paloma down here in the Caribbean. Oh no.
Western Caribbean I guess there's Jamaica. Just scattered rain showers. No wind from it. But just
pesky rain clouds. If you're down here. I'm not going to go in this. This isn't the greatest weather but
why didn't you say it's a hurricane? No it's just hurricane headquarters I guess. Yeah.
It is going to come over. This is what happens when you listen to a couple of rain amateurs
going to public. It's the area really that we're most. Don't get panicky. It's not a freaking
hurricane. I'm going to Home Depot right now and it's not coming to rain. But it couldn't
hurt to go out and get some of this cream today on Sunday. Here's the very latest why I'm
holding a piece of paper. The Hurricane Hunter aircraft in the middle of that storm right now
just found a 54 mile per hour wind. Oh my god. So that's pretty impressive that this thing
has spun itself up still not a hurricane. Yes. But the forecast is for that to happen. Hurricane
potential force winds up here or at least gusts 60 65 miles per hour with blowing snow around
here in the upper part of the Midwest. On the cold side is up here on the warm side down to the
south is where we could see some severe weather today. Look at the pictures from yesterday over
Oklahoma. We sat here most of the evening hours watching for severe weather and the potential
428os yesterday. Hail from my old tale. And that's because the Lord is really pissed off with
Oklahoma. He's the best town. He's the best town. He's the best town. He's the best town.
The Wear of Exploding Balls. My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours.
My beliefs to what's required to avoid a lamp of fire by religion's better than yours.
I sign on the air by religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
Why my religion amletates ministry and racial hate by religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
What we like about it best,
I find our boys in wear red dress.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than the rules.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than what religion.
I religion is better than what religion is.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours.
I religion is better than yours and
I of course ,my religion is better than yours and
I religion is better than yours my religion is better than yours and
Religion is better than yours.
We knock on doors to bother you like overbrushed.
You are new. My religion is better than yours.
Absolutely. My religion is better than yours.
Religion is better than yours.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to marry lots of wives.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
Religion is better than yours.
We don't want to use our brains.
We're pointless.
Living's our great.
My religion is better than yours.
That's what it's all about.
I got the right God.
Baby, I got...
Deal, God!
And that's it.
So somebody...
Who is this?
Somebody's becoming chronic.
But don't stop.
It sends me pictures.
It says, couldn't find spaghetti in an array.
But this will bring back memories.
And it's got pictures of various TV dinners from the past.
There's Morton Ham dinner with raisins sauce.
Boy, talk about something for goyam.
It's got peas and taters and a slab by ham with little...
It looks like crabbit turds on it.
Sounds very steak dinner.
Here's one with all the different little compartments.
You know, the steak, the taters, apple sauce, peas,
and the something else.
Three courses.
Oh yeah.
Bankwood fried chicken dinner with corn,
taters, and chicken, and king size Morton's sliced turkey on tree.
There you go.
There's the dinner we're going to bring for fat boy on Thanksgiving Day.
Now, what day is Thanksgiving Day?
Is it two weeks from day or three?
Three weeks from today, right?
Yes.
Three weeks.
And Larry says something that I chopped that didn't print out.
Oh no.
I hear when that happens.
Thanks anyway, Larry.
His intentions were really sent something, you know.
Neil at NearRoges.com, by the way, for your emails.
I've got still 75,000 from yesterday.
Rachel says, in reference to the email you were reading prior to the last break,
Tabarra, one of your favorite prefaces, trust me when I tell you it's all urban legend,
urban myth, balschmit.
I've been getting the same email from the past five or six years.
I first heard the widow bagel cruise control story about 25 years ago.
Just more cyber crap.
The ampoh was cute though.
It killed some time.
Did you like those?
Oh yeah.
They were cute.
You shut up now, okay, dummy?
Okay, my bad.
Shut him up.
Take a crowbar and go in there and shut him up.
Okay.
I'm shutting up, starting right now.
No, you're not.
How about that?
How about that?
How about that?
So what did you guys want of feeding everything?
Yeah.
I had a stake, the, the, the, the munch will stake with the, the hash browns.
Yeah.
Lea had a salad with gorgonzola hash browns and ribs.
Ribs.
And this place got rated in like 30 seconds.
Oh yeah.
Now who all came in here and ate beside whoever you told me?
There was a dog.
Barnet.
Ken, Kenny.
Ken, Ken, Ken, you told them.
Allison Turner, the beast, Josh Cordis.
The beat, Josh Cordis.
Steph X.
You like Josh Cordis coming there and eat the food?
Yeah.
Oh yeah.
I think that was it.
Oh, and not only did he want my money, he wants my food too.
What a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a, what a
well, God lololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololol
Kate says not all presidential election years are leap years.
2,000 was not a leap year.
Leap years are years that are evenly divisible by four and not evenly divisible by four hundred.
So we did not have a leap year in two thousand.
Some may argue we didn't have an election either.
Good point, Kate.
Do you understand that?
Leap years are years that are evenly divisible by four and not evenly divisible by four hundred.
Say what?
That's what she says.
Don't be arguing with Kate.
She knows her crap.
Michael says leave the paylon pictures up.
I love the memory of stuffing their face in it.
Yeah.
We're leaving the pictures there as long as we feel like it.
We're going to get Richard Romer to call us and straighten up the thing.
So that was just some wise guy made up a name from our Glenn Geary Glenn Ross.
Which who the hell would have remembered the character's name anyway, right?
Did you remember it?
No, no way.
How about you haven't even seen the movie?
Oh, I love the movie.
It's great.
Oh, copies for closers.
And what about you, Fatso?
You seen the movie?
Oh, I've only seen parts that I haven't seen the whole thing yet.
Oh, copies for closes only.
So I, and nobody ever gave me the heads up on the tuna thing.
Doesn't make any sense to me because I'm sure chicken of the sea makes all the can tuna
manufacturers, canners.
They have different kinds.
They have like white albacore tuna or they have like dark, you know, in between paperback
brown like that.
Right?
So why the hell would it make any difference what brand of tuna you eat unless, of course,
you were watching him, Jessica Simpson?
Here's a Facebook thing.
Why do I want to check out Laurie's Facebook thing?
No, I don't want to join Facebook.
Okay, go away, Laurie.
God.
Oh, and I hear, oh, this is the one from Larry that I tried to print out.
No, this is important stuff.
And I am.
Thank God.
Thanks for sending it again, Larry, if you did or maybe just to get hung up there in space.
What do you think?
May.
Why would you be surprised about Sid, the kid loving Jew Lieberman after all Sid is first
cousin to Nann?
Oh, the Nazi center from Minnesota, Norm Coleman.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Love the show.
Happy related birthday, 66th.
And Peter Leroy is worth a trip to New York despite it's what?
Oh, deistness.
You simply can't beat that meat.
Says rich.
Thanks, rich.
So he's cousin to Norm Coleman who went to college with roommate with Norma Kent.
Oh, my God.
What an insistuous bunch of crap this all is.
Did you know that?
Sid, the kid is cousin to Norm Coleman.
I didn't know that.
And they're still recounting Minnesota, by the way.
Al Franken still won't concede.
So Larry's email says happy related.
I hate incompetence in the non-intentioned details on the QM click here at the listen page.
It's still as Jason Jackson jerks as a host.
Is he still on?
I sure hope not.
I also also do know if the Freaks Scott for all is on here anywhere in the world.
He's on a serious.
Love you and it was nice seeing you at Gulf Stream.
By the way, the first email since you came back.
Dan, because I said it through the QM website, what a pile of crap.
You got it.
Did he tuck it or did he cock it?
Oh, where are we from that?
Sean to be.
The lock is out on a haunted spree.
If she's gone to hell, then she'd left when she should.
The night that Gary can't have given to her, but good.
They were out on a date, parking Gary's car.
Maybe Gary had gone just a little too far.
He shot up the motor, turned her head, said, how about it?
Baby, I could use me some.
What?
Baby, that young intern thought that that wasn't right.
Put the cocktails in their system, made them feel so light.
Sean drew thought for a moment and said, you're low class.
That maybe true, said Gary, but I still want your real.
Welcome.
Absolutely.
Oh, where are we?
Oh, where can that Sean to be?
She ain't been hurt or seen for so many weeks.
If she's gone to heaven, then she left when she should.
The night that Gary can't have given to her, but good.
When he woke up the next morning, Sean drove us not around.
Though Gary had noticed his pants were still down.
He remembered her poaching to her hearted thighs.
Yes, Gary finally got what he wanted last night.
She had opened the door, winked at him and said, all revenge is just a red to a half.
Then she took off after he blew her a kiss.
And no one including Gary has seen her since.
Though the fact that she's gone, these facts made nothing right.
If somebody knows the truth will then the truth will be night.
That was one of those stories that just kind of faded away.
Did we ever get any of it?
Did they find her body, I think?
I don't think so.
No?
I'll try and find out.
Are you sure?
And then we never heard any more about that about Gary Condowit, about any of that crap.
Now, here's one of our regular and he's right.
Kate is out of her freaking mind.
Leapier occurs every four years.
There's nothing to be visible by 400.
Where the hell did she get that?
Well, obviously she made it up.
And just to confirm, I'm a pack rat and keep all my day runner counters and a file in my
office, I checked the 2000 counter and it was indeed a leap year.
Crazy bitch is what our R.S.
My apologies, they did find her body in a rock creek park.
Yeah, but they never found, they never arrested anybody for killing her.
Right?
I don't think so now.
And certainly not Gary.
Hey Gary, you fairy.
R.R. will let send me that information about Leapier.
I wonder if he's kind of Luke Willett.
Maybe I'll see R.R. and Woodbine.
R.R.
Here's one from Ron's as Brands Mart is kicking all their butts plus sound devices
way too expensive.
I thought they would go under March sooner.
Well, they're still hanging on.
I mean, when you got 75 different chains, I'll sell them the same crap.
It's you know, Muit de Fisio, ain't it?
Oh yeah.
See you done eating or what?
Yep.
No, they bring any desserts.
No.
Really good.
That's the last thing you need to deserve.
I'm top of all that meat.
I could have went for some chocolate cake.
DeSan.
Shut up.
Jackie says the news here is reporting that North Carolina's voted for Obama.
We are a little slow here.
Happy birthday, many, many more.
Jackie and NC.
Thanks, Jackie.
How come it's not on CNN yet?
Maybe it's on MSNBC.
Maybe Keith Overtments doing summer solts.
My manual is that he was once a ballet dancer.
No, Obama manual accepts posters of Obama's White Harshiqa staff.
We already knew that.
The Dow is down 348 points.
Wow.
Unhappy.
Brian says 2000 was the leap year.
Yeah, we know now, Brian.
Thanks.
A friend is visiting me and when Flea mentioned that Jesse just ate some sheamp.
He laughed out loud since Jesse's dead is a rabbi in Boka.
Tim says.
And then it says, you don't have to be orthodox to be a rabbi and probably his dad is not
orthodox.
Jesse Agler's dad is a rabbi.
That is true.
I didn't even know he was Jewish.
So they know he's Jewish.
The nice one you're, Jesse.
Who doesn't?
He doesn't look it.
That's for sure.
He looks like a guy.
Yeah.
What the hell does that mean?
I don't know.
You're the same guy.
Yes, they was telling me that Adam Cooperstein is hot.
That's what you said.
You said you'd do him in a heartbeat.
That's what he said, Chris.
Something like that.
Yeah.
And now you tell me about Jesse Agler what he looks like.
He always got light hair and blue eyes.
So what does that mean?
Goyish.
Goyish.
Little.
Funny, a blonde-haired blue-eyed Jews, okay?
Like a Minnesota.
I bet you find one or two hiding out.
What I sure don't like to Jews in Minnesota, that's all those Swedes.
Oh.
That's kind of a strange state.
I've never been in Minnesota.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Nope.
Like a cockroach.
373 votes.
Our goal was what?
400?
I think it was 410.
410?
This is the day after the election poll.
How do you feel?
And we have what?
27 million on yesterday's poll.
Let's see how Jimmy Cifalus is doing.
W-I-O-D.
I want to see if his people have killed themselves yet because they're so nervous that, oh,
I got it.
The world's coming to an end.
I'm scared.
I'm afraid.
I got news for you.
If you're listening to Jimmy Cifalus, you ought to be afraid.
Oh, there she is on the I-O-D website.
How would you change our presidential election process, eliminate electoral college and go
with a popular vote?
I'm voting for that right off the bat.
Wouldn't you?
Mm-hmm.
22% said that.
Put a cap on campaign fundraising and spending.
27% said that.
Outlaw ads from 527 groups.
13% said that.
If third party candidates have better chance of competing, 12.5%.
How do you like that?
And how do you do that?
Give them a better chance of competing.
How about if they put somebody up that's going to get more than 100% of a vote like
Ralph Nader and Bobby Barr and all those other losers?
System is fine.
Don't change a thing.
6%.
Everyone voting must prove they know where the candidates stand on the issues.
18% said that.
Now how the hell are you going to have like a quiz?
They have people standing in line for hours and hours to vote and we're going to have a quiz.
A pop quiz.
Which one is the governor from Alaska, the hockey mom, you know, like that?
God, Jimmy, your audience is almost as dumb as you are.
You're fairy.
Good.
God.
Speaking of dumb senator, Jew Lieberman expressed fears to radio host Glenn Beck of a democratic
majority in the Senate.
Senator Chuck Tumer expressed his optimism on Sunday.
How old is this story?
Oh, for a number of democratic Senate seats, reaching near 60, it wasn't as confident about
the filibuster proof supermajority.
Senator Hatch said to me that if we don't have at least the far wall of the filibuster
in the Senate that in many ways America will not survive said Beck on Tuesday.
Oh, yeah, Glenn Beck rhymes with Dreck, more IOD right wing garbage.
Where's the stuff about Lieberman here?
Says Thursday, meaning today will be Senator Lieberman's day of reckoning according to
a Capitol Hill paper.
Senator Majority Leader Harry Reid, a Schedule of Meat, would you Lieberman today to discuss
his future in the Senate Democratic Conference, according to a Democratic Senate source,
Tim Taylor reports for roll call.
Taylor notes that a growing number of Senate Democrats have been pressuring Reid to penalize
Lieberman for aggressively backing Republican Senator John McCain.
Aggressively backing, he was glued to him.
He was like an appendage.
He was stuck to his ass.
And that his chairmanship of the Homeland Security and Government Affairs Committee and
this place in the Democratic Conference are both at stake.
They ought to make the spirit through the heart with the stake if they could find one like
Dracula.
Meanwhile, nobody has told me a damn thing about chicken of the sea tuna, about why it's
goyish.
It remains unclear what Reid will say in his upcoming meeting with Lieberman, but Democrats
believe he's inching toward at least resting the Homeland Security Gable from him.
So is Jesse's dad an Orthodox rabbi?
Is that the deal?
No idea.
Well, why not?
Because all the things here right now.
Lieberman released a statement Wednesday congratulating Obama.
I sincerely congratulate President Obama for his historic and impressive victory.
America remains the nation of extraordinary opportunity and the American people are a
people of extraordinary fairness Lieberman wrote.
Now that the election is over, it's time to put partisan consideration aside and come
together as a nation to solve the deba-baba-baba-baba-yadi-adi.
I pledge to work with President Obama and his incoming administration in the reference
to reinvigorate our economy and keep our nation secure and free, said Jew Lieberman.
That's a far cry from when he was calling him that damaged parts around Monday for
whatever he said.
He said he hoped on his chicken of the sea would choke on it.
Then what he said?
Mm-hmm.
So you don't know if Jesse Agrius' father is Orthodox because if not, it doesn't make
any difference.
And you think Flea who pretends to be Jewish would know something about that.
I mean, how many, what percentage of Jews are Orthodox in the first place?
Don't know.
Minimal.
Minimal.
Adam says, just got back from the gym, got all hot and sweaty.
When he coming down to Waterloo, the casino, the casino here is real real nice.
I'm not Adam.
Just got back from the gym, all hot and sweaty.
Oh, this is the same Adam who always says, obviously there's not.
Like, I'm going to get all worked up because Adam is hot and sweaty.
I wouldn't be surprised if he looks like Adam Cooperstein.
Now, is he Orthodox?
And don't know.
Yeah, no idea.
I mean, with a name like that, obviously he's Jewish.
I wonder if he eats chicken of the sea tuna, you think?
Oh, Kate says, my apologies, I wasn't correct.
If the year is divisible by 400, it is a leap year.
If it's not divisible by 400, it is divisible, but it's divisible by 100.
It's not a leap year.
Oh.
And then she's got, if your modulo 400 is zero, then leap.
Else if your modulo 100 is zero, then no leap.
Oh, leap on this, Kate.
She just sending me all kinds of Kakarai, okay?
My God, 2000 was a leap year, 2004 was a leap year, and this is a leap year.
So go to the balcony and leap, Kate, and leave me alone.
God.
Just another example.
Women, one thing about women, they're always right.
You do understand that.
They're always right.
Don't argue with women.
Am I correct?
Mm-hmm.
What do you think, Flea?
Yes, absolutely.
You hear what he said?
Absolutely.
So we had a great lunch for the guys today from Tropical Lakers, which we thank them
for fuselage, and the certificates hold out in just a matter of seconds, and life is
really sweet, baby.
What's not the line?
The best out of people is no Rajasal.
It's the one to do our.
All right.
Absolutely.
Oh.
Jesus, you're doing all right on the street.
Jesus is packing up here.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus is in the pit movie.
Jesus is doing all right.
Someone has been spreading our.
No one has been like a flood.
No one cares God in the start.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, right.
Jesus is doing all right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, right.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right.
Jesus is doing all right on the street.
Jesus can do upcy.
Will you?
Jesus may spit on on TV.
Jesus is doing all right.
No one cares what the critics say.
No one cares what the critics do.
the
things are thinking that I was thinking it's down to 152 point and you like that
Rama manual accepts job of the White House if it's staff or Obama
and
it's official
president elect obama's one-north Carolina symbolic trance state that
had voted for democrat more than a generation
the AP declared Obama the winner today after canvassing counties in
North Carolina to determine the number of outstanding provisional ballots
the survey found there aren't enough remaining ballots for john mccain to close
a 13,700 vote deficit
North Carolina's 15 electoral votes bring obama was total of 364
the only 100 more than needed to win the White House
Missouri is the only state that still stay is too close to call
obama's win in North Carolina was the first or a democrat since Jimmy Carter in
76 one thing we know is that Barack Obama will not be another Jimmy Carter
thank god
chronic bill who sends us four five thousand emails every day says missed what
exactly your question about chicken to see is but it is certified
kosher
so this J.Y.R.O guy who also is a chronic who send me this poll it's a good
poll though by the way excluding pork and shellfish what is the most
goyish of food chicken of the sea tuna crossed out i had it spam
isn't spam for goiom oh yeah poor goiom i'll tell you something else for goiom
for skin anyway the fake Steve Nichol says you did do a show at Daniel Highlight
by the way a live remote in the early 1990s highlighted by
Joey Reynolds invading the scene to give you a big kiss oh how could i forget
there were about a hundred eight Ks in there man i would fat y'all to go back
i'd fit in really well it's a long time ago
here's one from e says i want to wish you a happy happy birthday may all your
wishes come to let's hope Obama will get this country back in order to
release make it better than it is now p.s what kind of card did you get mercedes c
300 black a black beauty i couldn't turn on your program because the
signal so bad here in surfside but now i got you streaming
see you uncle nia love you in the show that's what i got
pick it up in a few days good for the winter time with the four-wheel drive
question mark i have an idea what about flea it's a great car i'm sure it is
you don't know cordistan i looked it up online yesterday you did what
cordistan i looked it up online yesterday to check out your new car and it's great
it's a nice car it's a beautiful car
dances if you see the overwhelming amount of web conspiracy theories that apply
Obama hypnotize the masters to vote for him not just a few lunatics a google
search of Obama hypnosis returns tons of accusations and you cube evidence
thanks dan get a life oh i mean i'm just exhausted from all of it i'm glad it's over i'm glad we
won big and i just i want you know i suffer from fatigue post-election hysteria fatigue
anything else for that survey about the most koi is your food
how about chitlins okay what do you think juzi chitlins no i'll tell you one thing if you believe
that you're full of chit mr this gets engravy this gets engravy is good i'm adding that right now
this gets engravy even at hearties is good as hardies is those those hard little biscuits are like
hockey pucks am i right oh yeah strictly for goyam patty jose is congrats on your 66 been listening
you since your last week on w i n z i have a pool service and your show gets me through the day
let's talk with the democrats running the show the fcc will become a little more liberal as to what
can be said or not said no they won't it's a damn shame to have a talent like you muscled the days
of you telling it like it was and playing all the racy bits combined with phil handry sacked now
that was great radio you're right patty but that's in the past it can't go back it's like going
back to detroit and looking for all the great restaurants that are no longer there
like going back to a boston searching for prince spaghetti house not there
thou is down 403 freaking points good god it's now the 87 35 you people i got your money tied
up in the market good luck to you i really do wish you luck i tried to warn you
i tried to warn you it's the biggest scam going man next next organized religion the stock
market that'd be a good poll to take which of these are the biggest scam
right and those are two those are the two at the top of my list stock market and organized
religion here's one from fritz in listening since they the thanks for all the years of entertaining
radio and here's to a few more thank you fritz a lot of these are from yesterday left over but
that's okay thousands of gay rights supporters took to the streets of hollywood later yesterday
outraged a california voted advanced same sex marriage the historic president to win a baroque obama
who promises to be far more socially liberal than his predecessor no kidding was therefore a
bittersweet moment for california's gay community as the simultaneous referendum went against them
voters approved the constitutional amendment by margina 52 and a half to 47 and a half percent
known as proposition eight the proposal was trumpeted by conservative groups as the people's
way of overturning legalization see the idea that they can put on the ballot people's rights
I mean what's going to be next how about chinymon let's take away their rights
the idea that you can put these issues on the ballot and let the bigoted public I mean how
about if they were to put something on there should black people be allowed to run for president
see what i'm saying yep before obama came along they might they might have like taken all
no we can't let those fartses be on the ballot now whoever finally won at the ralimartinus
and uh...
d s ballard d s ballard yeah d s ballard one and the other d s ballard also one d s ballard
yep they both one so in other words in florida in south florida if you ask who won for congress just a
d s ballard right yeah pretty much and iliana was an adana what uh what a smelly nasty stupid ass
bitch but of course look at where her district is you know that tells you what you need to know
oh we love it liana she's so wonderful and of course now she's a big gay right champion too
one thing about fags man just just sidle up to them and all of a sudden oh yeah she's our hero she
yeah right she would poke you when he asks with a red hot poker if she had the chance
if the gays can't get married what rights actually do they have none okay
they have a right to screw around all they want if they as long as they don't get caught and pay taxes
and pay all the taxes and that's okay us fags generally speak and make a lot of money
and that's because we don't have some pain in the s wife to support
george oh sorry george is on vacation this week
and he didn't get that great food from trapper lakers too bad
freeload and kevin says yet by yes by accident it was the early eighties
how i discovered your show i was about 20 years old got a job as a career for a construction
company that car they had me drive only at a m i heard spigot and freeway left my ass off
been with you ever since the years of laughs all for free thanks kevin send some money send some
cash i can use it three hundred and seventy five dollar dinner last night a ruthless plus the tip
i was a drop in the bucket for you i left a 20 percentive i always think 20 percent 75 bucks
so it was four hundred and fifty bucks for dinner for me and paco and it was well worth it
and that includes some champagne of course or nearly i don't drink any kind of booze but you know
on your birthday you got to drink a little champagne right do you get a little tipsy no i did not
get a little tipsy you are so you know you and jolly jo i think i think all that wild hanky spanky
you guys are doing the teardrum is down to affect where your brain used to be
doing you thankfully yeah absolutely all those cartwheels that you guys are doing in the teardrum
well see talk about the old expression the smith hitting the wall yeah we can we actually know
that all those are totally fake because if i had a incestuous relationship with him i'll be making
a lot more than i am now i know it's fake because you can't do a cartwheel exactly
oh yeah here's one for the two you do you want to come over to joe rosa's house tonight after the news
oh yeah since after we have our event we'd like to lube you up and shove an apple in your mouth and
watch deliverance that's Adam Danny gonna be there no Danny boy i think hangs out there all the time
they're going lunch tomorrow joe rosa and Danny boy going lunch tomorrow at one of those pizza joints
and these cold fire pizza yeah everything he does is a commercial plug man he's he's like a walking
spot i've known dogs that were named spot but not sports nerds
now what what does this thing somebody sends me a long ponderous thing about a bomb will take
off as on January 20th and yada yada yada and pictures of this just enough already okay
nation finally shmitty enough to make social progress it says
what what did they do that i mean yesterday was an aberration because you only have one birthday a year
what about march first when it gets to be my 33rd anniversary can you imagine though
maybe i have enough stuff here now to keep me going until march the first
go to lunch george go to lunch will you go to lunch no
oh
the old folks after the mob
they check in the cities
no they never say please
just waiting for the early birds special to come
wasting away again and good old how to think
searching for the false teeth they left in a glass
and how they're claimed that there's a talk host to play
but they know it's their own damn fault
they're shivering in love to get the early bird on time
and pushing just as hard as they can
