No portion of this pervert will be introduced to the topic
Express written permission at WQAM
Tell me that he is cutting QB's muscle from the hands of Joe Rose
The last talent
And you are home for Miami Dolphins football
Oh my god
Sports radio, 560 WQAM
Miami, for the Lutterdale
Is it cool?
It is
Oi, I'm Owen
D-A-Y
S-U-C-K-S
Absolutely
Down the mountain road
In a run down shack
You got your tooth ready
Then you got your mouth in back
Doesn't sell up free
In a Christian way
After hanging up the failure
That they thought was gay
Life like a rabble
But the south's gonna do some math
For a 10
Fail is ACMF
Oh it's confident
That's a bit in the fine church
Go and dress his leg at least
At the first 5th of the year
It's up and down so free
They got the light breaking out
Met the pet up me
So fly your flag like a rabble
But the south's gonna do some math
For a 10
So freak out
Spin like a cradle
Get down
Breathe as much as you're able to
Go around
You made me sister
Looks good to be proud
And do like Jesus would
Fly like a rabble
While the south's gonna do some math
For a 10
I'm tired of the air
This is that 10
It's Christian run well
You know the gator only do the ingredient done
Can't spell a word
That's the figure that's bored
Mace the votes on you
Votes the name of their lord
Education is the devil
And the south's gonna do some math
For a 10
Judge the days coming down the truck
For this time with the bootles boys
And gals they can their lives
Can't get any government
So they're fried, cracked, full of troubles
And trouble is this cross
You do I be proud
You're a 25% of me loud
When debating if you're sent through the crowd
For a pound hold the interval down
Your pants to pre-pork in
Have another butt date
Because the south's gonna do it some math
Or it's a
I'm dying, I'm dying on the air
It's 10.02 at 5.60 WQM
So let me tell you a part of the reason I was sick on Friday
Okay
You know when you don't get enough sleep
Sure
You can be really sick and wake up
And you're as a crud and messes with your immune
130 in the morning my blackberry went off
Which I keep on the night stand next to my bed
And woke me up out of a sound sleep
And you know what it was?
And who it was from?
What time was it?
130 in the morning
It was from Norm Kent
Courtess
No, Georgia's got it right
How do you know that?
Just a guess
I was just trying to think somebody who doesn't have a clue
And that was the thing that came to my mind
And it was a joke
The new Yankee logo
And it had the Yankee logo
From the shoulder with a syringe in it
See I thought that it had something to do with something
He just didn't know about how
I had something to do with something
It had something to do with the fact that somebody is like
That's what I had to do with
Overgrown child
Just be one thirty four in the a.m
Okay
And I wake up and look at it and I'm thinking
You know when you get somebody sending you a message
You're one thirty more
I mean it could be like the man
It could be one of those
You think it's important
But other than that you're thinking
Oh, this must be something important.
Maybe somebody can't wait for somebody to die.
Or like that.
And I look at it and here's a link to this thing
with the new Yankee logo.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
And it's got a syringe on the other side.
Oh, I get it.
It's funny.
It's about steroids.
It's not funny.
Yeah, I'm being sarcastic.
And so after that, I just lay there.
And you know, how sometimes, usually with me,
when I wake up in the middle of night,
I go right back to sleep.
I just roll over and just collapse.
This particular time, I think I was up
until I fall in the morning.
Wow.
Just laying there, wondering, you know,
just evacuating my life.
134 in the morning.
What kind of a suck hole?
What kind of a simple thing does a thing like that?
Kind of a jackass does that.
Well, I think we know what kind of thing.
Yeah, I think we do know.
Okay, yeah, well.
Okay, let's get the thing on the road here.
Now Tom Jicker writes in his Q&A.
And by the way, thanks to Charlie B for pointing
this out, which I didn't know.
I didn't know where this was from, Charlie B.
But then again, you know, he's another one.
He needs a life, Charlie.
I have no life.
One of the cues in Tom's Q&A, where will Hank
Goldberg wind up?
He was so awesome.
I listened him online in Atlanta.
So I'll try to find him wherever he turns up.
It's sad he's no longer on the ear.
Since L. Y. in Atlanta.
Tom Jicker's answer is, you'll have
to settle for catching Hank on ESPN, which is
step to his assignments now that he has no daily local
obligations.
As for radio, there's a possibility ESPN will use him
from time to time as a philanthropist.
A long shot would be new management at the W.C.
William, the reverse to Blunder's, the current regime is making.
How do you like that, Tommy?
The reverse to Blunder's, the current regime is making the
understated of the century.
Is that incredible or what?
Leave it a little time.
Of course, Joe Bell would say, Charlie, Joe,
oh, that's Tom Jicker.
Oh, you know, he only writes about his friends.
He's a genius.
Right.
What did he say, Joe?
Johnny Pobrase is dead.
Pobrase?
Pobrase.
And I saw his wife, Joe, who said he was being treated for heart
and kidney problems and a leg infection.
He served as the twins Pitchy coach,
made 185, who was a great Dodger back in the 50s.
Johnny Pobrase, pitcher.
As the player Pobrase, the left-handed
was hardly a star on the Berkman Dodgers team,
with Jackie Robinson, Peeley Resort,
Campo-Dellar Kill, Hodges, and DuSnet,
who were in lineup, and Don Dukeham and Carl Erskin
on the pitching staff.
In 1955, he had a modest nine and ten record
for a team that won the National League Pentebide,
13 and a half games, but in the World Series that year,
he won three games on his 23rd birthday,
giving up seven hits in eight to three win over the
Yankees in the Edvitz field.
One of them, I guess, even won all three of Montess
23rd birthday.
That would be a little bit.
And he completed an eight-heterbating,
Tommy Burring in games, 70 Yankees stadium.
I was still a kid, Pobrase said,
in 2000, we were expecting me to meet the bombers.
There wasn't any pressure on me.
He was training the entire year as a 66.
Also, pitchfully, he sent the Eagle Pobrase.
Johnny Pobrase is dead.
Pobrase?
Pobrase?
He pitched for the sent the Eagle Pobrase.
Johnny Pobrase.
Wouldn't be right any other way, would it?
How about those Patriots by the way?
Oh, the jealousy, man.
It's palpable.
You can feel it, you can smell it.
Oh, we hate the Patriots, they cheat.
And by the way, brainstem, let me tell you something.
You are so freaking senile, it's pathetic.
But brainstem.
Well, there were bunch of cheaters.
That guy he just had on the air, is he, uh,
support cheaters?
Don Shula, what happened?
Oh, yeah, the brainstem.
Why don't you finally, uh,
fetch up the the candy-ass shoes, Shula, Shula, Master?
So, J touchy feeling is invaded the Ajo Rocho.
What is the thing with Joe, can't work alone?
You know, he's just fine all by himself.
He does a wonderful job.
People like him.
He sings those spots.
He's got 80 million live spots.
What's that all about?
I think Zach won't cuddle with him,
so he needs other people to.
He made a bad mistake there.
The first one, which by the way, he ain't out of the day,
Jack's jerk.
I don't know what he's doing.
Maybe he's in mourning because the heat
lose every game they play.
We got Bo-Camp, Brian from 2 to 4.
They're Kimba Bo-Camp, or wow.
Then we got Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Dolphins all asses.
7 to 9 would John Lindor and Troy Dretton
and then the Beast 9 would be like, oh, wow.
Here's the poll from Friday.
How interested are you in the 2008 presidential race?
1599 vote.
Wasn't that awful, Gentile of me to cut it off?
I could let it go to 16.
There, whatever.
But I didn't do it.
1599.
Very interested, a thousand eight, 63%.
Somewhat, 295, 18%.
Not at all, 114.
7.1%, not at all.
They don't wanna.
A little bit, 186.7% and what me worry, 74.
Not at all, 114.
OK.
Of course, you hear the calls that we get.
Does that tell you something?
What me worry?
Broom, broom, broom, broom, broom, broom, broom, broom,
like that, you know?
So what's the story?
J.F.E. wants to be a blogcaster now,
like every other rx-jock.
Every x-jock is a blogcaster.
Any guy that ever took a shower with another guy
is a sportscaster now.
Even if it was like just at the YMCA.
Not all of us.
Well, no, well, I mean, I'm a blogcaster.
I used to take showers with guys.
I think we all did.
Yeah, but this was mandatory.
I know, that's what I'm saying.
That's certainly what we thought there was.
What would be the most likely to happen one year from now?
That's Charlie B's poll today.
Charlie, get a life already.
Where do you just bug me?
Gas, $4 a gallon, 146.
Neil gets a contract with another station, 85.
Oh, soon, soon, please.
The Democrats win the White House, 78.
Dolphin sucked through another season, 61.
Oh, not the Parcelsera.
Could that be banned?
Could, could be.
Because let me ask you something about the big tunas.
He's going to play or what?
No.
No more juzze QAM, 35.
They got a good start on that already.
The US will be at war with Iran in 20,
and I notice your presence,
are actually in the rhetoric now.
Bap, bap, bap, ba, bap, bap, bap.
You know, talking about a craft.
A black is elected president or VP 19.
No one hires Neil, sir, he retires 18.
The Republicans keep the White House 16.
Dolphins make a comeback.
Headed to the playoffs nine.
Oh, man, silly people.
a woman is elected president or VP only nine and Osama is captured Osama
Yamama who is that five he don't think it too much about him anymore your
president Osama Yamama he's busy over there with his Saudi buddies holding hands
holding hands which seems very gay to me but what do I know just see those
shots him over there with him right there oh yeah they're the best of
buddies man the Saudis Clinton Obama spur over Markovart Dr. King we'll get to
that got a big pile of stuff today and probably a lot of good calls to like this
oh right what that's a regular it was great you have to cut him off so
short I just get into that too bad time to meet
the biggest name the best talent
your it your budget 4 times 60 quam
the force leader
me
You...
Oh, fuck the beast!
He's falling in my chair, so the beast!
He is a tightest hair, I need some water,
and I need some food!
I don't need food, and you can sleep and eat food!
Come on and touch and be!
Come on, cheer me!
And touch and be!
Oh, come on, cheer me!
And touch and be!
You may go to the next road, make me my life!
Now I'll tell you, will be for me!
Touch and be!
Put ice fix in my eyes!
Touch and be!
Let me get you humanized!
I did not do a watch, you said I do!
You did my right now, I belong to you!
Come on and touch and be!
Come on, cheer me!
And touch and be!
Come on, cheer me!
And touch and be!
You need a fighting, what is wrong with it, is right?
He's water-farting, dark-hell-frust!
Come on, cheer me!
Don't be pleased, I don't know what to say!
I was telling you anything, you would be better than me!
Don't know what to say!
Oh, come on, cheer me!
When you know I'll admit wrong, he says,
it's not torture unless you admit it!
Is that right?
That's what he said.
It's not torture unless you admit it, so just give it a secret like everything else.
Just write a Nazi regime like the one we already have in there.
I guess he's not the change candidate unless his machine always says,
it's like change your mind from one minute to the next.
Escalating in their fight for the Democratic presidential nomination,
Senator Hillary Rotten, Clinton, Senator Barack Obama engaged in a war war yesterday,
over Mrs. Clinton's recent remark about the role that the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. played
in securing civil rights laws in the 1960s.
Mrs. Clinton made the remark last Monday as part of her latest political argument
that Mr. Obama was an eloquent speaker but not a proven force for change
and a description she's applying to herself.
Ah!
I would point to the fact that Dr. King's dream began to be realized
when President Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964,
when he was able to get through Congress something that President Kennedy was hopeful to do,
the President before had not even tried, but it took a President to get it done,
she said.
That dream became reality, the power of that dream became real in people's lives,
because we had a President who said we're going to do it and actually got it accomplished.
In a competitive exchange on the NBC News program,
ETH depressed during a campaign swing through South Carolina,
Mrs. Clinton was confronted by a program host Tim Russell over her remark,
and the unflattering news coverage that depicted her as insensitive to her Dr. King.
She and Obama are scoring off in the South Carolina primary June 26th,
a contest in which black voters make up 50% of the Democratic electorate and Obama's way ahead.
Clearly, we know from media reports that the Obama campaign is deliberately distorting Mrs. Clinton said,
I think it's such an unfair and unmoored attempt to misinterpret and mischaracterize what I've said.
Look at what I've done in my entire life.
I'm working on behalf of Civil Rights women's rights, human rights for years,
and I know how challenging it is to change our political system,
and I have the highest regard for those who put themselves on the line.
Speaking to reporters on a conference call on Sunday,
Obama refuted the charge that his campaign had been trying to fan the flames of black voters
and party leaders about Mrs. Clinton's comments involving Dr. King.
Senator Clinton made an unfortunate remark,
and it'll advise her Mark about King and Lyndon Johnson.
I didn't make the statement Obama said I haven't remarked on it,
and she, I think, offended some folks who have felt that somehow
diminished King's role in bringing it about the Civil Rights Act.
She's free to explain that, but the notion that somehow this is our doing is ludicrous.
The third contender for the Democratic nomination,
Senator Senator John Edwards, also jumped in the phrase today,
using the fight to press his continuing argument that Mrs. Clinton is an establishment politician
who would not bring change to Washington as president.
I must say, it was troubled recently since the incident that real change
that came not through the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King,
but through a Washington politician.
I fundamentally disagree with that, I would say,
before more than 200 people that are predominantly black back to his church
in Sumter South Carolina.
Along those coming to Mrs. Clinton's defense on Sunday was Robert L. Johnson.
He founded the Black Entertainment Television Network who appeared in a rally
with her in Columbia, South Carolina.
He said, Mrs. Clinton didn't mean to take any credit away from Dr. King,
and we said, had let a moral crusade that ultimately had to be written into law.
That's the way the legislative process works in this nation,
and that takes political leadership.
He said, that's all Hillary was saying.
That's all that swallery was saying.
Mr. Johnson then sold off another round of skirmishing between the campaigns
as he appeared to raise the specter of Mr. Obama's drug use as a young man
and, matter that the candidate has written and spoken about candidly.
To me as an African-American, I'm practically insulted
that the Obama campaign would imply that we're so stupid
that we think Hillary and Bill Clinton would have been deeply and emotionally involved
in black issues since Barack Obama was doing something in the neighborhood,
and I won't say what he was doing, but he said it in the book
when they have been involved, Mr. Johnson said.
He was doing something in the hood.
Yeah, not going to say what it was, but that we're here with having a rift snorting good time.
Good.
The Obama campaign initially responded by Senator Porters and email the quoted
former state representative, T. S. Levy Johnson, a South Carolina,
who sharply criticized the Clinton campaign for not rebuking Robert Johnson for his remarks.
I think it's offensive that Senator Clinton literally said
nothing is another one of her campaign stop supporters
wants the personal divisive attack on a Barack Obama, he said.
For someone who decries the politics of personal destruction,
she should have immediately announced these attacks on the spot,
but of course she won't, because this is all part of their game plan.
Since the Republican tactically smear and smear.
The Clinton campaign in turn issued a statement by Robert Johnson later
some day afternoon that sought to clarify his remarks
and denied that he was alluding the any-pass drug use by Mr. Obama.
My comments today were referring to Barack Obama's time spread as a community organizer.
Nothing else he said.
Any other subjected to simply responsible and correct.
Right.
Antichos on, on, and on.
Smear and smear and lob and slob and all that.
Which has nothing to do with anything that's going on with the economy,
with the war and with the crazy Iranians and the rag heads, all that stuff.
But why should we worry about things like that, right?
Right.
As opposed to smear and smear.
That's basically what American politics is all about.
And swillowry, she's desperate even though she pulled no handshirt out of her ugly ass.
She's desperate.
And you want to know why?
The idea why.
The first contested two Washington Post's 2008 presidential campaign
elected dramatic shakeup in public opinion nationally,
with John McCain leading the Republicans and Senator Barack Obama,
all but erasing Hillary Clinton's once overwhelming advantage among Democrats
according to the newest Washington Post ABC News poll.
As the campaign heads into the next round of voting this week,
the competitive contest in both parties have captured the public attention.
Four out of five are closely tuned in, not in our crowd.
And a third are very closely following the races of sharp increase from a month ago.
And well higher than the fours and say so at this age in 2000 or 2004.
What do we have on our poll?
On the previous one?
You can look at it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
For very?
How much?
1,008 for very.
About 1 percentage.
Uh, 63.
Oh, see week.
80% nationwide.
Only 63% in our crowd.
Why, your mama?
How do you like that?
Your mama's so, uh, a socks and hell.
Clinton had dominated national polls from the outset holding a 30-poit advantage
as recently as a month ago.
A third, man.
Competitiveness of the first two contests appears to reverberate among Democrats across the country.
Wow.
You know something next time somebody sends me a message of 1.34 in the morning?
Yeah.
You're going to put a pipe bomb up their ass.
In the new poll, 42% like the Democratic voters support Clinton 37 back Obama.
Clinton support his down 11 points from just a month ago while Obama is up 14.
John Edwards is a distant third with 11% followed by little Dennis Kassinich with 2%.
How do you like that out, Rogers?
Your Dennis Kassinich campaign is really going over big, man, like Motsuballs and Hell.
2% for Dennis Kassinich.
It's because he's got bad hair piece.
He's about two feet tall, other than that.
The big gains by McCain, which came after his victory in New Hampshire primary,
marked the first time he's top three Republican field in the post-ABC News National Survey.
His rise mirrors a dramatic tumble for Rudy Giuliani who led most national polls throughout last year.
Giuliani finished well back in both Iowa and New Hampshire to ranks fourth in the new poll 15%.
McCain knew what was got more than double the support he had a month ago.
He's got 28%.
Mike Huckleberry has got 20 and Rudy Giuliani, what?
Oh, mid-Romney's got 19.
Giuliani 20 and Romney 19.
Former goofball Fred Thompson, where registers 8% single digits for the first time.
He got no chance.
And Ron Paul, who got 10% in Iowa, 8% in New Hampshire, he's got a whopping 3%.
And ducking 102%.
That's nationwide.
Although Clinton maintains a rage among women overall in the new poll,
Obama's eliminated the three-to-one advantage she enjoyed among single women a month ago.
Married women go for Clinton over Obama 53 to the 30%.
Married women go for Clinton over Obama 53 to the 30%.
How do you like that?
Go ahead women vote.
That's the key. Don't let the women vote.
Clinton is still seeing this the strongest leader and most electable among Democrats.
Obama has been on the Democratic candidates, but Obama has risen significantly on both counts.
Since December, Obama has up 14 points as the strongest leader in the field,
and 20 points as the most electable candidate.
These are just numbers.
Here it is. It's only the 14th of January.
El Catorce de Janeiro, whatever that means.
Seat.
And the Michigan primary, the Democratic, is just a beauty contest because they're not going to recognize the delegates.
Just like Florida.
We're going to have a primary.
I got a big story on that from the Hill saying, oh don't worry here.
It's going to get a lot of national attention even though of course there'll be no delegates.
Because they decided that, oh we got to rush ahead and get in there early.
What's the big rush?
We got Kim Bockamp or two of us afternoon, and again tomorrow.
Where's Jerks?
I'm going to rush for you to take that break though.
Why?
Oh, you don't need to be there.
You're going to be a rejoice?
He's already gone.
He flew out of the room.
Wow.
Let us all rejoice, baby.
I had the fear of four rejoices this morning.
Must be the after effects of that little bug I had.
I'm going to plug the 134 in the morning with a stupid-ass text message about some stupid-ass and very unfunny joke about the Yankee logo.
Some people don't want to grow up, okay?
Some people...
Oh my god.
Oh!
Get a cold wind, D-A-Y, S-U-C-K-S.
Hello, it's Hillary.
I'd like to dispel these vicious rumors that I'm having an affair with my beautiful personal assistant, Huma.
Or, as I call her, honey bear.
I first met Huma at a softball game.
She was wearing an LPGA visor and I knew that two of us should have a conversation.
Turns out, we have many common interests.
A love of pansoons, rare indigo girls bootlegs, and eating raw clams.
Huma's my confidant.
I open wide up to her and she touches me, with her inside an advice.
Not all business, though.
We like to clip campaign articles and sometimes end up flapily scissor fighting like giggling schoolgirls.
Ha ha ha ha!
There I've come out and said it.
I Hillary Clinton and not a lesbian.
1031-560-W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Yes, as I could talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil, I want to thank you for the years of informing and entertaining me.
And you were right all of these years.
Bush is a Hitler and 9-11 was this Reichstag fire.
Your website got me looking into September 11th.
And I want to know if you've ever heard of a guy named Alex Jones.
Sure.
Ah, I need your listers.
I'm asking your listers to Google that guy.
Google that name.
Let me see if he's a crazy person, but that's okay.
Well, he's got a lot of points to make about 9-11.
Yeah, some of them are probably correct and some of them are off the deep end.
But that's okay. It's worth reading. Prison Planet.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, he's a little bit of a bit of a question.
It hurts his credibility a little bit because when a crazy person says a bunch of things,
you tend to discount all of them, which is not correct.
You know, am I right?
You're right.
W-D-Q-A-O, George isn't back yet.
Yeah, Jonesing.
Q-A-M.
Make a best. Make a best.
He's a joysing.
Forget what you've heard about Florida's primary, not making any difference in the Democratic nomination process as the hero.
So what if candidates are boycotting the state?
Here's why Florida's Democratic primary, January 29th, will likely matter.
A million, maybe two million people will go to the polls.
The names of eight Democratic candidates will be on the ballot.
The votes will be telling the results will be announced.
You know, in the Michigan primary because it's, you know, because it's not going to count the same deal because they decided to hold it early.
So Hillary's the only name that anybody knows on the ballot on the Democratic side.
Obama's not even on the ballot.
Why is that? You know that?
Did I know?
It has to have had you meaning Florida because someone's going to win and somebody's going to lose whoever wins a serving on a claim.
It's a Democratic poster Tom Eldon.
I wonder if he's keen to Eldon Harner, who's been surveying likely primary voters.
Unless the media boycotts the race Florida will have an impact.
In a race in which Hillary and Barack Obama have split the winning so far and could do the same in Nevada and South Carolina,
Florida will serve as the largest testing ground yet.
It will also deliver the last boost of momentum before the 22-stay voting boots on February 5th,
Super Tuesday, and slightly the subtle nomination.
If this continues to be as close and rollercoaster like as we're seeing, there'll be a strong message that comes out of Florida
so the state's Democratic Party cheerwoman Karen Thurman, after Iowa and New Hampshire,
I don't see headlines about the number of delegates that the candidate's got and it's been about the winner.
If John Edwards does poorly in his birth state of South Carolina January 26th and pulls out of the race,
Florida will reveal to whom his supporters will turn, to whom they turn.
And if Obama wins South Carolina and a way to support from these states' large black population,
the momentum could help him catch up to or even overtake a weakened Clinton in Florida
where he's led by double digits in the polls for months.
Florida is simply too late to ignore and too critical of the final outcome in November.
And here's the latest poll.
You want to know why Swallow reissue still way ahead in Florida?
Why is that?
What's the demographic of Florida?
Death plus 10.
Too many old people.
Got it?
Got it.
Quinnipiac University's latest poll of Florida shows that there's a statistical tie with the top four Republicans,
McCain 22 points, Julianne and Romney each with 20,
and Mike Huckabee says they can feel Mike Huckabee's breadth, but it doesn't give a number for what he's got.
That's great. He's breathing down their back, but we don't have a number.
Idiot. Who wrote this crap?
The Harold figures.
Fred Thompson's 7% Ron Paul 5 really make the cut.
Huckabee is on their ass, but don't have a number here in the Harold.
Margin of error 4.8% of the 421 Democrats and 419 Republicans pulled.
The close numbers on the Republican side mean that Winston Michigan and South Carolina
will make this another Florida polls really dated, really fast.
Early voting starts today in Florida in Luscious Days, January 29th.
Pollster Peter Brown suggested everything's all but racked up in Florida's VB contest.
But Hillary slams Barack Obama by 21 points with a 52-31 leave.
How do you like that?
And three-quarters of her supporters claim they'll stick with her while only 61% of Obamaites feel the same way for their man.
Brown said the big loser in Florida's Democratic-owned words former Vice President of the candidate with nine points
who couldn't even get the investment of the former's running mate John Kerry as we know.
Also, Brown notes these numbers can't be good news for Rudy Giuliani who keeps slip, slip, slip, and poll actor poll.
As he lost an Iowa New Hampshire no matter how much Delhi and how many Guad Barras he wears in Florida.
Despite setting up shopping the Sunshine State, Giuliani expected a needed win Florida.
Giuliani though has the most non-committed voters while McCain support his flimsier, Brown suggests, or he has the most committed voters.
Giuliani.
With McCain only 42% of voters say they're a firm commitment. They're a rock solid.
So there you go, density old George, still isn't back, he's rejoicing.
I guess it's going to be another segment without him like last week.
Wow!
Woo!
He must have caught normed Kent disease from getting a walk in at one thirty-four in the morning for a stupid ass joke that wasn't even funny.
We love the Yankees, they're taking drugs, oh my god, I just... I don't get it. WQIAM, hello.
Rock solid.
QIAM.
Hello Neil.
Yes sir.
I just want to point out real quick that the colors who say, you really got to listen to Alex Jones. These people are nuts.
Yeah.
These people claim that our government is some sort of efficient fascistic type of government.
People are so inept, no they're not, they're still inept, they can't do anything right.
No, no.
The idea that these...
No, he's errand about fascism, I've been saying that for fifteen years.
Well what about the right-
They're doing about fascism.
Neocon, baby.
Neocon.
They put the neo-Nazian and the neo-con.
Get out of here.
Chmunk.
No, they're just incompetent.
Yeah, they're real incompetent.
They're taking away your rights and tapping your phone and doing all these other, you know, torturing people. They're real incompetent.
Blowing off buildings, things like that.
And you'll notice that Bush was just over there with his Saudi buddies again and they're talking about, well we have to...
We have to relax the restrictions on Saudi youth who want to come over and study in America.
Yeah, let's not have much immorality or playing hijackers come over from Saudi Arabia.
Let's not all those Saudis in here.
Let's open up the doors of the madrasas and bring them all over here.
Crazy bastards.
By the way, Mr. President, thank you again for those low-gas prices which soon this spring will be over four dollars a gallon.
Thank you so much.
And for that worthless American dollar.
WDQA-M, hello.
I like those new Ronzoni commercial.
WDQA-M, hello.
Hey, buddy.
Yep. What's going on today?
What do you got?
Uh...well, what's the poll?
WDQA and hello.
Well, Leo.
Yep.
Yeah, uh... about the Leo cons.
They do exist, but there's also those missiles that believe that the 9-11 conspiracy was an inside car.
How do you know it wasn't?
Uh...how do you know it wasn't?
Oh, come on, Neil, that's so far fresh.
You really think this government will go ahead and start the bombing World Trade Center killing innocent people and inside job?
Oh, killing innocent people.
Let me ask you this question.
No, no, wait.
No, I want to ask you a question.
Okay, all right, all right.
Since you're so exercised and worked up about this and obviously have great expertise, how many Iraqis have died?
And I'm talking about civilians since the Iraq attack.
Well, uh...whoa, bomb any of them.
Well, a thousand, a thousand, but I left away a bomb.
Hundreds of thousands.
The latest estimate is 655,000, okay?
Okay, well, and...
Your time in the government will kill innocent people?
No, well, that's not my main point.
But when I get out of here, you schmuck, you schmengrik.
Oh, our government would...you know what he reminds me of? He reminds me of Kay and the Godfather.
Senators and presidents don't have men killed, Michael.
Who's being naive now, Kay?
Oh, you're back?
Yeah, yeah.
How was it?
Whew.
Moving experience.
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
Our government wouldn't do this, and our government wouldn't do that.
Neil cons will do anything.
Anything.
And if you read that the P-NAC project for the New American Century,
that was part of the game plan.
They had to have a Pearl Harbor like a wild hysterical event that was the only way
that would allow them to do a...curry out their game plan of reshaping the Middle East.
So they could attach their lawn cheer all that oil over there.
Crazy people.
That's right, Neil cons.
Lunatics, they ought to be rounded up and put on Death Row.
Maniacs, Wolfowitz and Pearl and all this crowd.
And when Bill Crystal, there's another one.
What's the Eurotimes, by the way, felt compelled to give him the op-ed
and a column in the Times, Bill Crystal,
that would be giving Hitler a column in the Times.
But that's America for you, man.
Have you wanted to know why?
Why?
The media is sick and you stop badly.
Amen.
5.73 on the pool, but this pool is so...
The answer...
I mean, the pool is not bad, but the answer is just so long and convoluted Charlie B.
I really like to read the answer to the show.
I want to enjoy this game.
The best actor is Neil Rogers.
4.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
The worst police in all the fashion fight.
The worst police, the worst in all the fashion I said.
The worst police won't be at the country until I'm dead.
The right way not.
One, two, pro-fectis from ourself.
You're gonna watch what you say.
You better or else.
You're busted.
You're busted.
The worst police are monitoring every four.
Try to find me when I say I'm fighting me.
Why do they say this comes free?
I hear my honor, unit of disgust, and you're the getting forced, blank-widged by the power of the man in our Lord God, pushed the federal education commission and my throne, dignity of the house.
The best police, they won the fashion fight.
The worst police, I'm the worst in all the fashion.
The worst police, they won my civil rights.
The worst police, the worst police.
Fort KV4 11.560 WQAM, a German man threw himself out of a third-story window in Berlin along with a Christmas tree during a late-night attempt to dispose of his festive decorations.
The man fell seven meters, had 22 feet from his flat.
After he lost his balance during the three-on-of-the-street Saturday, the western city of Mochun-Gurdbach said, the tree didn't break the victim's fall.
I'm in there, Berlin, I guess.
There's a TV ad showing people having fun during their old Christmas trees out the window, said police folks were in the thervison on Monday, but you're not supposed to jump with them.
The man was taken to hospital in critical condition with severe head injuries after eyewitnesses saw him fall.
That'll teach, I guess. The Lord wasn't looking off for him.
That's the highest Christmas tree, huh?
Maybe if he were to have Hanukkah bush.
A Japanese man was arrested at the Philippines of the International Airport after marijuana cigarettes were found in his underwear.
An aviation report police said Monday.
Nishi Kenichi, 55, was arrested Sunday at Minola's Nino-Akino International Airport.
After a policeman who frisked him during a routine body check fell, something on his buttocks.
All right!
When police demanded that he take out what was hidden in his underwear, Kenichi brought out 34 marijuana cigarettes.
Wow, I didn't know he could get that any day.
He just wanted to experience smoking marijuana when he returned to Japan and had no intention of selling the prohibited drug.
The aviation police prevented Kenichi from taking his flight to Kanca and turned him over to Philippine Drug Enforcement Agency officers for a further investigation at a stir in whipping and pleading and lashing in torture and wastes, whatever.
Waterboarding, ski boarding.
You'll love this story.
The headline is, Super Tuesday is about a lot more than guacamole.
Okay, here are a lot about the Hispanic hold leading up to Super Dupertur's Day on February 5th.
That's when presidential primaries occur in 23 states, several with large Hispanic populations.
Already some of the candidates are retooling their message and trying to find way to talk to Hispanics without sounding LOCO.
Hillary Clinton got up to a rocky start.
While chatting with Hispanic voters in a Mexican restaurant in Vegas last week, she stretched for an analogy to explain how all Americans are connected and their problems interconnected.
Despite the fact that we treat them as though one is guacamole and one is chips.
I, Caramba, it says, quick rule of thumb.
The nation's 46 million Hispanics are a proud people who have accomplished a great deal of thought and died for this country and every military conflict dating back to the Civil War and who embodied the American dream.
If you're a politician who's trying to relate to them, but your own knowledge of the group doesn't extend beyond whatever is on the number of three combination plate, you want to be careful not to be so toned if that you wind up insulting them.
One is guacamole and one is chips, is swallery.
That also goes to the reporters and pundits who are packing away the winter clothes headed for the sun belt while they try to unpack the mystery of the Hispanic voter.
Good luck, it says. It's a complicated subject. Cuban Americans often vote Republican, no kidding, but Puerto Ricans are more likely to vote Democratic.
The largest subgroup of Mexicans in Mexican Americans are up for grabs. That's what I hear.
They're conservative, especially on social issues and yet mostly identify with Democrats while sometimes crossing party lines to vote for moderate Republicans.
And this election Republicans will likely take a thumping since many Hispanics lame them for turning the immigration debate into a culture clash and give it an anti-Hispanic flavor.
Under the best of circumstances, newspapers, magazines and TV never struggle to cover the Hispanic community and often come up short in part because they don't have enough Hispanics on staff.
Not everybody can ever keep Tiki Sanchez, thank God.
Despite representing nearly 15% of the population in Hispanics make up about 4% of journalists.
I'm astonished who wrote this. Ruben Navarret, Jr.
I'm astonished to Sunday morning talk. I just managed to talk about the immigration issue with panels of contributors and commentators that usually don't include any single Hispanic voice.
So you'll have to forgive NBC's 10 Russard for making a rookie mistake when during an appearance last week on the Today Show, it was asked by Matt Lauer what it meant to build Richardson and his quest for the presidency.
When the first serious Hispanic candidate for a president out of the race, Russard said it meant that the Hispanic vote is wide open.
The Hispanic vote has always been wide open. Last month in the survey registered Hispanic Democratic voters, the Pueblo Hispanic Center found and you're going to vomit when you hear this. Hillary Clinton at 59%, Barack Obama 15% and Bill Richardson 8% sounded words 4.
Did you hear that number?
Yeah, I heard it. It's nauseant.
Clinton doesn't deserve that little support from Hispanics and maybe the race will come before February 5th. Still for now, if you're in her camp, a margin like that is worth celebrating.
Chips and guacamole anyone asked Rubin Everett Jr. remember the editor of board of the Sunday or union tribute and naturally syndicated comments smart ass.
Chips and guacamole anyone? Yeah, what does she know? She's just a bubble head is what she is. Oh, no, we love Hillary. Her last name is Clinton. She's married to Bubba.
We want to back in the White House. Yeah.
Who do you? I am hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. When I left your show, I touched myself and served you a good. We're real happy Q a.m. Hello.
Got a right out of my butt. Q a.m. Hello. Hi. The guy's going to make a nail just in guacamole. How are you, sir? Okay.
Okay. Uh, which were we, uh, we talked about the politics. It was funny that story about the Japanese guys in the European airport. Yeah.
What was making him put it in his butt off was my thing. I lived in Japan and the Philippines was in the late 70s and the early 80s.
At some of the best weed in Asia was known to come out of the Philippines. It was great stuff. Yeah.
But if you were going to go into an airport, you're going to put that in your crotch man because that's the only place those Filipinos in Japanese won't touch on a fat down.
That's not what I heard.
I have a good one. Bye. Okay. We got a lot of Filipinos here and believe you me, every one of them would touch your crotch first.
Every single one of them, even the straight ones if there are any. Are there any straight Filipinos? No.
Only that's a good one. That's a good one.
It's on the pole where our goal today is 6-10. Chris, something to me. Well, that's because Jay Fili is on the Joe Rochow now.
So it's just, yeah, I don't know. I'm some, some things I'm better off just keeping me myself. You know what I mean?
No. What? Because I was sitting here waiting for you and I'm listening to the, you know, Danny Merino Monday morning extravaganza with the football of whatever would Joe.
And I hear this voice and I thought it was like some high school kid. Well, let me ask you, Danny. Danny, do you think that maybe if they would have had that?
And I'm thinking to myself, who is this person? I thought maybe it was one of the board ops. Yeah. And then I find out Jay touchy Fili.
Everybody who plays any game is a vodka. If you understand that, folks, I want you to mark that down right on your sleeve, right on your ass.
Everybody who ever plays the game, play the game, might play a game someday is a vodka. And now we got like 6,000 of these damn football shows on there.
And everybody who ever played the national football league is a broadcaster, including some people who are so inarticulate and some who are so illiterate that it's not right embarrassing.
I don't want to mention Shannon not so sharp. I don't want to mention him again. See, I just don't understand why, you know, well, I do understand because the hypocrites outshurped in the Jesse Jackson, all these other trouble making activists.
Why they don't complain about that way. They're not screaming. They're all pissed off about the I'm a son that we had at home. But when they put somebody on there who is the worst, I mean, who sex back race relations a hundred years like that, who cannot speak.
Who says inarticulate and believe me, that's a compliment is the day is long. And that's okay. It's just like all the other black stereotypes. Every TV show, every movie is a fat black mama. All black women are like fat black mamas with big asses. Am I right?
Yep.
Including on a stupid ass show, the view.
We're trying to watch, but that's what you're telling me.
They have to have one. I don't understand what that is.
They have to have a token black woman who's got a huge ass got to be fat. The size of a state like Rhode Island.
W.A.N. Hello. I'm Sam.
Q.A.N. Hello.
Hey, I heard that George of the Palatano is getting anyone to make love.
Dump it. Q.A.N. Hello.
Hello, yes. I'd like to get a chance to speak to Neil Rogers, please.
Speaking? Hello, they're Neil outstanding. I just got to say I love your show. I'm glad you can take care of all these people.
Cool and taking care of them very nicely. And those people at the front desk, you don't understand what ADA means.
That's a nice thing.
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about the fact that nobody else can relate to what you're saying in some of this can.
And I really want to tell you how much I appreciate that. I certainly don't worry.
The people I have at the front desk?
Yeah, the main number at the business office, that 18 teachers, those people that I work for 35 years and they can't figure it out yet.
They don't have to get the numbers right to get to use.
I want to say thank you for everything you've done.
Okay, you're welcome and don't call again.
Wow.
Do you have any idea what he was talking about?
Talk about the ADA baby. He knows it.
Hey, he's disabled. Could you tell?
Listen, just believe it. You don't say, don't touch it. Don't go there.
Don't touch it.
And I don't either. In fact, I don't even know where it is anymore.
What biggest name?
I'm in the 6th time.
You're gonna be the largest sports radio five sixty QAM.
Big sports leader.
This is the The O'Rodger show.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
This is your blame.
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go.
Any questions?
This is an ABC News special report.
I'm in. I'm into win.
And I can't wait.
This election doesn't matter.
We don't want to solve problems.
And I admit, I would like to literally just knock our country off course.
Really? What will it take for voting parties?
Good time.
Drugs. That's what it's all about.
Thank you from the bottom of my behind.
It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 W.C.W.A.
Happy Monday to you.
We got Kimba Bo Campy.
You know how some people just never really go away.
They just go away for a little while.
Then they keep popping up again.
You keep your surfacing.
Oh, your fault. You're asking where he was last week.
And it must be it.
They must have forgotten all about him.
And I mentioned it right away.
Oh, let's get it back on again because the jerks is off couple days.
Let's see back again tomorrow.
Oh, yeah. Let's know on the Wednesday.
The jerk show Thursday and Friday.
We got three jerk shows this week.
All right.
So get those vongos ready.
Got them.
W.C.W.A. and Hello.
Neil, there's a song.
I'm trying to get to art.
It's called my fist is in your rectum.
That's what it's called.
That's the rectum kid.
It's all he knows.
14 candy bars in my rectum.
Yeah, he's the rectum kid.
W.C.W.A. and Hello.
Morning, Neil. How are you?
Okay, sir.
Thank you.
Did you get to see the press conference with P.O.
After the game yesterday with that crime?
Yeah, I saw that.
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
That was so embarrassing.
You know that the Patriots are going to take it all.
And they're just going through the motions.
They've got it locked up.
Unless they somehow can get to play.
Not to worry.
We call one of the sports shows and talk about T.O. and the tears.
No, it's my boy.
It's my boy.
They're talking robots, a homo.
It's my boy.
Just a bunch of crap.
Okay.
Just killing a lot of time with a lot of the same sports nerds sitting around the big table.
There we got to have 18 experts.
And JB is there with Jimmy and this one and that one and Danny, Jimmy and Danny.
You know, they're not in the same one though together, right?
One is on CBS, one is on Fox.
Correct.
Hey, what would you know about it, Mr. No Sports?
Mr. Party Pooper?
Huh?
I know about sports.
I just don't watch other people do it.
Well, too bad.
QIM, hello.
Neil, that wasn't the right thing to get out of the rafting kit.
Oh, sorry.
Yeah, he sounded just like your twin brother.
Okay, have a good time.
Maybe you can rub each other right down together.
WDQA, hello.
Venus was her name.
WDQA, hello.
Hey, there.
I'd like to speak to Neil, please.
We know this little while ago.
Is this the same guy that I had in the show?
Yes, I did.
Where are you calling back, sir?
Because you're a good man.
And I am too.
Yeah, you may be a good man, but this L. your show.
Okay.
Don't ever call this show again.
Then I have to drive there, sir, so I can meet you and say thank you.
You'll have to drive where?
So I can meet you.
I'll drive where?
For the show to meet you.
Where's the show?
Sir, I've lived here.
Sir, sir, sir.
Get some help.
Too late.
It's a new one today.
All right.
Oh, my God.
It's not even new yet.
We already got a new one.
WDQA in, hello.
QA in.
You think the tuna can turn around?
Yeah, his ass.
Don't be fat ass.
That's what he's going to turn around.
At the buffet line.
Can the tuna turn it around?
The big tuna.
Yeah, you people, man, it's very sad.
Because you do understand, even though you're like Mr. Antisport, you don't understand that there's this gigantic number of people out there.
That's their whole life that's all they know from.
Do I know that?
Yes.
Let's see.
If we work for that, there are two radio questions that are going to be off the air immediately if not sooner.
And as a result of that, when all you have to look to fall back on is something that is so sad, so bad, so pathetically embarrassing.
Good.
The tuna turned it around so we can feel better.
I don't think so.
WDQA in, hello.
That guy sounded like a stalker, Neil.
Yeah.
But I just wanted to say, a little patriots.
Go patriots.
WDQA in, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
You mean they took off the Humphrey to put this jack song?
It gives the Humphrey that spot right there.
Yeah.
You know, they couldn't give him those two hours.
That's two to four.
Yeah.
He's gone, sir.
He's gone.
I know.
I'll be gone soon.
He's gone.
I know.
You are now gone.
Or we gone.
Gone.
72 a.m.
Hello.
I just laid an egg apart.
72 a.m.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
And at that moment, her toes curled.
72 a.m.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Neil, just so you know this morning I was just in the Randy
Rhodes on the radio.
And she didn't have to.
And she didn't have to say.
Abu Gaurav.
Yeah.
She didn't have to say that Phil Hendry and Neil Rogers are two of the most talented people
that she know on the radio.
Who cares?
I know.
Hey, Neil, secondly, do you think it's interesting that Barack Obama had to lead in the
whole mystery?
Barack Obama had to lead in the pose before New Hampshire was voted on.
And then after when the results came out, Hillary won, those of you think those voting machines
are coming in to play again?
Desk Hasinnis is paying out of his own pocket for a week out of New Hampshire.
They're going to be counting the votes.
Is that right?
Mm-hmm.
Oh, I didn't know that.
I just thought that was interesting because-
It is interesting and depressing like this call.
The Nevada Humane Society is doing a promotion surrounding the Martin Luther King holiday
called Black Is Beautiful, where black dogs and cats are offered for a doctor in a reduced
rate.
It seems racially insensitive and not very respectful of King's memory.
Of course, I'm not black since whoever wrote this in Nevada.
So it's not really my call.
Anybody out there have any thoughts?
This is what they write about in the Nevada newspaper.
Is the Humane Society racially insensitive?
I call the NHS Executive Director Bonnie Brown to find out just what she was thinking.
He says she said that they have an abundance of black animals and wanted a promotion
to find homes for them.
Now, this is something I never heard of before.
Did you?
Nope.
That we are racist against black animals.
Tiny was black and of course now he's dead.
I like black.
She said they- yeah, I'm dead.
She said they set up the promotion and realized it was over the King holiday and were indeed
concerned that some might be offended by it.
So she said they rented by three black staff members and they said they were all fine with
it.
We never intended to offend anyone, she said.
I mentioned how people magazine ran a story last year on black animals being less
likely to be adopted from shelters and how there's a website, blackprologs.com, devoted
to encouraging adoption of big black dogs.
Brown said she's also found reluctance in people to adopt black animals.
We have black hideys with fantastic personalities and for some reason people overlooked them,
she said, I think this is a bunch of crap.
I said I had no problem with the blackest beautiful campaign in principle, NHS today, special
adoption event for orange cats in October, but it just seemed they advised to do over the
King holiday.
She'd be spotted.
Maybe this will turn out to be bone-handed and if so, we'll learn from it.
It's going to be bone-headed.
Sounds to me like she's bone-headed.
WQA-M, hello.
You notice this sound?
Very quiet line.
I like this WQA-M, hello.
Not there?
QA-M, hold on.
QA-M, yes sir.
Come on, how are you?
Okay.
You know this OJ seemed to got railroad again.
Yeah.
He just keeps getting railroaded over and over again, yeah.
I mean, you know, let's give a guy a break.
What the hell did he do wrong?
What did he do wrong?
Was he a broker at the judge made a very specific order, which we all saw on TV?
He wasn't to contact any of the other code defendants in any way, shape, or form, and
they got it on tape.
That he's telling them what to say and don't change your story, you know what?
That's what he did wrong, sir.
Well, you know what?
Everybody's innocent, don't fool them guilty.
Yeah, we're okay.
See, he didn't listen to anything, I just got through.
He doesn't care.
And doesn't care because he's no geopolitical.
That's right.
He's wearing a doctor out.
That's all it takes.
He probably knows this is Korean.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, little.
Yes, sir.
Hey, little, hang on a line, man.
I'm black, man.
Why don't go ahead and adopt black foster kids or something?
Call up Steve Cain, hello, doctor, few more.
Call up Mr. Rigo.
WDQYM, hello.
What do you think about Shaq being back?
Shaq.
I don't.
WDQYM, hello.
I don't get out of there.
QYM, hello.
QYM.
Patrick.
Patrick's going to rule.
Go Patrick.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
You know, they are really whipped up today, you know, right?
Oh, yeah.
Wipped up.
I mean, that's just the usual, but we got a whole bunch of other people.
We're just wild today, which is good.
They're whipped up and pent up for some reason.
Heep is going.
They're too easy, man.
Well, that's that the, the Patrick's factory.
Oh, where's the tuna going to turn it around?
There's the tuna.
Yeah, you're going to love the tuna, you know, man.
I'm going to get bored.
That the Homo Romo, they're in Dallas.
He's dating your girlfriend, they're just like a Simpson, which is all everybody talks about.
And they got their ass kicked yesterday by Girls Team.
I think the man he switched uniforms yesterday, by the way.
And how can you tell that both his ugly as dirt?
You see, Peyton on there after the, the interview, Chris?
The real disappointed.
That disappointed.
What a, what a yehu, man.
Talk about mugwumps.
Talk about trailer trash.
Wow.
That be the QA in, hello.
Yeah, that's the first time, Carla.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil.
I just want to make some comments about that.
Pretend for what the last Carla said about OJ and his, his stupidness.
Yeah, go ahead.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I don't like this man, or Neil, stupidness was stupid does.
And they ought to lock his black foot up and throw away the key.
And they're in the comment that God may put you in the same boat with, uh, feel, feel whatever his name is.
That's the shame and, uh, are you sure?
Pardon me?
I said, I agree.
Yeah, I mean, that's, that's really all I want to say.
Okay, thanks.
All right, bye-bye.
Okay, go Patriots.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, it's going to be a great Monday, man.
I never expected anything this good today.
You never know what to expect.
That's right.
You never know, huh?
But it's good.
Uh-oh.
A lot of people I've believed have been killed on December 14th, though, that's that, uh,
the Serbian, Loring giving in.
Yeah, that's, she, uh, she got off and tried to cover it up.
Not that they would try to cover anything, or not that any of bunch of lunatics would have planes flying the buildings.
Stuff like that.
Mm-hmm.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Oh, listen, if O.J. is in jail, who's going to find the killers of Nicole and Ron?
I'll go on and play golf and find them.
We'll get them.
They're on the court.
Okay, don't worry about it.
We'll go on and hit a few balls around.
Let's see, here's the facts from a real chronic regular who says,
I think Obama's campaign is missing an opportunity to really stick it to Hillary.
I would continually point out that while she has jumped on the change bandwagon,
her campaign exactly parallels a typical Republican tactic of smearing the other person.
If our running Obama's campaign had point this out at every opportunity,
but you're not running Obama's campaign, how do you like that?
Phil says,
I have to disagree with you on Shannon Sharp.
He's actually very articulate and always well prepared, but happens that a speech impediment,
gold packers, he has really a good idea to put somebody on near with a speech impediment,
and a boy, Phil.
The packer that might have on making his own politics, and making my own choices for people.
We'll hear him next, forth later.
Oh God.
Well, Don Eimes was quite delightful,
but some folks thought his jokes were spiteful.
He got tricked off the radio.
He said, oh, he said, oh, he said, oh.
And it seems his career was wrecked now.
That's politically incorrect now.
And management said he had to go.
He said, oh, he said, oh, he said, oh.
Maybe what he did was in right,
and it started a media storm.
Even if your old cranky and white,
sometimes you've got to conform.
Times back on the air now.
Boy, what does anybody really care now?
The more I love the story you know.
Don't say ho, don't say ho, don't say ho.
Oh no.
It's 1118 at 560 WDQ, and I'm happy Monday to it.
There must be something in the air or in the water,
because I just got an email, you know,
Sean, the Felix, the cat guy that sends me a lot of good stories
that I read on the air, and then I include in a couple of days.
Maybe he's that waxy build up in his ears or something.
And he writes me, if you lived in Florida,
you would know this, and then he's on my ballot, meaning Obama,
and then he and soror all these other Democrats.
I didn't say that he wasn't on the Florida ballot.
I said he wasn't on the Michigan ballot.
Sean, Michigan, you understand?
Michigan.
And I got the Michigan ballot right in front of me
for the presidential primary tomorrow night.
Here are the names that are on there,
Sam Brown, back who's the dropped out, Rudy Giuliani, Mike Huckaberry,
Duncan Hunter, John McCain, Ron Paul, Mitt Romney, Tom Tencredo,
Fred Thompson, Joe Biden with drawn.
Hillary Clinton, Chris Dodd, he's the dropped out.
John Edwards with drawn.
Mike Grovel, Dennis Kusinich, Barack Obama with drawn,
and Bill Richardson with drawn.
And the reason that those four withdrew
is because they wanted their names off the ballot
because they went along with the party leadership,
and they said, we're not going to recognize delegates
from Michigan or Florida because they went
and they moved their primaries into early,
in violation of our ideal.
And Michigan, and you see there are Republicans
and Democrats on there, it's wide open.
You can vote for whoever you want,
whether you registered Republican and Independent or Democrat.
You got it?
Sean.
So, Swellery is on there, and Michael Reland, Dennis Kusinich,
it's those of the only Democrats whose names are still
on the Michigan ballot.
The point being, well, you know what the point is.
Get it right, Neil.
Get it right.
You know what you're talking about?
If you live here, you know the Florida ballot.
Oh.
So many people being so helpful, you know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
It's like the Boy Scout, who's dragging the O'Leary across the street.
I didn't want to cross the street, Sunny.
He's doing his good deed for the day.
I guess that's what Sean was doing too,
correcting me on something that I got right.
Watch, believe me.
I get plenty wrong like working for these people,
working for these bastards.
Come to QA and hello.
Yes, sir.
Can I ask you a question?
What is the purpose of this primary?
That doesn't do anything.
It's a beauty contest.
It's like, you know, who gets the big mow from it?
Yeah, but you know, you're going to vote your going to vote later on.
This primary is just a waste five taxpayer dollars.
You're talking about the Florida primary or all of it?
All of them.
Well, how do parties select a nominee then?
You have one from every date.
So what do they just do?
Have one from Florida?
Would that be it or where it's convenient for some of you?
No.
What about a national primary all on one day?
That's what they ought to do.
There you go.
Thank you.
How many years have I been saying that?
Five third, man.
National primary on one day.
Get it out of the way, Oive.
That's all.
That's what you do it.
Instead of all this, who has got the momentum from Iowa and New Hampshire?
Who gives a flying crap about Iowa or New Hampshire?
Or Nevada when you can write down to it?
Am I freaking right or am I taking right?
You're right.
I'm freaking right.
Six seventy five, I'm Chris's poll.
And we'll make seven hundred easy today.
You sure?
No, I don't care.
I don't care about the poll anymore.
Not this one.
What poll do you care about?
A good one, which is not one of them.
Telephone poll.
Yeah.
I care about some polls.
W.D.C.Y. and Hello.
I think we'll just spin in our wheels like this election talk.
Let's talk about the dolphins.
Yeah, okay.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm listening.
What?
The dolphins are not now.
No kidding.
And you know what else?
Reverend John's rules.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, it's Reverend John's boyfriend doing like an almost normal voice today.
No, it wasn't.
Oh, that was him?
Yeah.
That's his real voice?
That's him.
Well, I didn't know that.
I never heard that voice before.
Sure, sure you have.
I have.
You ferry.
W.D.C.Y.Y.A.
I'm here.
I do.
Yeah, okay.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
I do.
This is Joe Bell's idea of a talk show.
I do.
I do.
I do.
Joe, get that private investigator here.
Get him all whipped up.
Okay.
Get him on it.
You lunatic, man.
You ferry.
Yeah, I think Tom Jicke had a point.
Maybe some sane management of QA might resolve some of the problems.
Well, we will see that happen.
No, that will never happen.
That in our lifetime.
No, because like Bruce Beasley told me right to my push,
I want to have the best damn sports station in the market
or the best sports station.
We have that.
We don't sell it.
We don't sell it.
That category is a part of all this packed-fiat talk today.
We don't fit into the category.
Because we aren't on board with the aparacel Zera and with Wayne
and his apocque-marked bald face.
We don't give a crap about any of that.
WDQY.Y.Y.A.
Hello.
Thank you, morning, guys.
Yes, sir.
I got a full idea for you.
Who is in favor of abolishing the federal income tax?
I'll put that down.
WDQY.Y.Y.A.
Hello.
The boy friends back in this car.
WDQY.
QBAM.Y.Y.A.
Uncle Neil, how's it going?
OK.
I have a friend, gentlemen, successful business man.
He's in his mid-60s.
Black gentleman.
And he, I'm trying to talk politics within yesterday.
And he's telling me that if Obama gets a primary,
where's the primary that he's going to vote for Republican.
And he's never voted Republican before.
Because of the experience factor, the lack of experience with Obama.
I don't see it.
I don't agree with him.
But just like your opinion, WDQY.Y.Y.A.
Go to the computer and Google Uncle Tom and see what it says.
WDQY.Y.Y.A.
Hello.
WDQY.Y.Y.A.
Hello.
And you.
Yes, sir.
You're still leaving the station, right?
That's what's the dumbbell?
It'll be done when it's done, you know.
Because I think these guys are bastards.
What would it take to start a station with you as a centerpiece?
What would it take to start a station?
What does that mean to start a station?
What does your guy mean?
I mean, I mean it so much.
I just got a lot of money.
If you got about $15, $20 million, you want to give us?
No, not me, obviously you need to invest in.
Get out of here.
Oh, God, there's nothing in the world that makes me want to watch this
in these idiots from the United States.
I don't know.
What does it take for them?
It's like the sports speculators again.
You know, it's like these fantasy people.
I just want to lay down on the floor and puke the rowers.
And you're a multi-millionaire and make a call like that.
Otherwise, you know.
Yeah, if you got a lot of money and you want to give us $15, $20, $30 million to start a station to buy one,
first of all, you don't start a station.
You buy a frequency, okay?
You buy and you go to the centerpiece.
What would it take to have peace on earth?
Yeah, that's right.
What would it take to go to the moon?
What would it take to get $80 billion in my backyard before midnight?
What would it take?
How about take a joy?
That would be an idea.
Okay.
There's no cost for that.
And then the toilet paper.
Because butterflies are free.
Wouldn't that be something if we'd joist butterflies?
That would be something.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 butterflies flying out of your...
That's a thought.
It should be a lot more pleasant than what we got now.
I'll tell you that.
But the Lord, you know, he works in mysterious ways.
The good Lord, yeah.
WQA, him, hello.
Ah!
Maybe the good Lord likes that smell, you know.
Maybe the good Lord fights a lot.
He likes the smell of burning flesh.
Your Lord is incontinent and keeps, you know, crappin' His brains out.
Oh, you can't say that.
You're always knockin' us religious sketchkies, man.
Yeah, that's right.
Because you're all crazy.
You're all crazy people.
Superstition, hocus, poucus.
It's time to start to focus and get off the hocus, poucus.
That's what I say.
Get off of the nonsense.
With God and Jesus and Abraham and all those other nonsense
and Buddha and Muhammad get a life.
Christ.
I have no life.
Sorry.
No, I'm not.
You're offending the religion of the believers.
Wait, you know something good.
It's about time somebody did.
Long over again to the best of the two of his new Rogers.
Give me a chance to raise your high-voluligence, my old form, 10 times.
For it's a leader.
Is this pedophile?
You fairy.
Huh?
Oh, I can say it's not my space is getting lame.
It's where all those weird Herbert's congro game.
That's a little bit.
Oh, they will do it just to raise a scene or two.
And make me want to feel because they're not sane.
On my space.
I just want all my reciprocities with me.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
I have no life without my space.
You know I like to keep on being jail-based.
Go away from me and touch your own space.
Raccoon.
I don't understand all the nasty things they say.
And I try to complain, bearing my face.
And all I can do is hide my name, my age and face.
But they get me everyday in traffic or trade.
Once they, hey, hey, so lay, hey, hey.
I spat when they tried to penetrate this space.
Back to them.
Love them 32 or 5 50.
I'm just going nauseous from that email from, yeah, he never responded.
I sent him on back saying, I said Michigan, okay?
Michigan, you idiot, you dold.
Thanks for all the stories, but I said Michigan valid, not Florida.
And you were out joistings, so you didn't even know what else I wanted.
No, no, I have no idea.
That's okay.
Chris knows.
Chris has it covered.
He was listening anyway.
That was listening.
Michigan only has a swoolery on it wires.
We have everybody else.
Right.
And they're both beauty contest and there won't be any delegates for anybody.
From Democrats.
A priest who has served the Archdiocese of Galveston, Houston from almost 35 years has been removed from the ministry.
After credible evidence emerged that he sexually abused the old male,
while he was passed to a Christ the King Catholic Church.
All right.
Cardinal Daniel L. in the, in the, in the, the Nardo said yesterday that the Reverend Stephen Horan
was removed in November from his current position as pastor of St. Luke, the evangelist, church in South Houston.
Shortly after the victim was now in the adult, reportedly abused.
This is a day of sadness for us, the Nardo said at a news conference yesterday.
But they have sadness.
Horan is accused of sexually abusing a minor between 1989 and 1993.
The Nardo declined to say what the 63 year old Horan is now, other than to say he's receiving treatment of being monitored.
He said the Archdiocese will not register the decision from the Vatican,
if we're taking further action against Horan.
Horan served at Christ the King on the near north side from 81 to 94.
He has been pastor of St. Luke, the evangelist since 94.
The Nardo declined to give details of the sexual abuse, but said,
and Archdiocese dies season, whatever it is, the view board panel investigates the allegations,
and thought there was credible evidence for the abuse allegations.
A letter from the Nardo became a cardinal in November was read to the personers that Christ the King in St. Luke during Masses Saturday evening and Sunday.
An allegation is not a determination of guilt,
we each have a right to our good reputation letter, said,
however, the Archdiocese takes allegations of sex abuse of others extremely seriously,
accordingly, it's my conclusion that Father Horan should be removed from the act of ministry at this time,
if we can ever find them, of course.
The letter urged parishioners with any relevant information about Horan to contact the Archdiocese Attorney or the police.
This is a difficult time for everyone involved,
which because of priestess, the alleged wrongdoer,
includes all of the clergy and Catholic faithful of the Archdiocese,
they're not a road in this letter.
But a beep bit a boop bit about.
The Archdiocese Galveston Houston reported in January of 2004 that 22 priests and four deacons sexually abused 46 miphers in the Archdiocese during the previous 53 years.
80% of the abuse occurred before 1980,
what was important in the 10 years before the study,
they confirmed sex abuse allegations caused the Archdiocese 3.6 million dollars in settlements,
counseling, and legal fees.
The priest and deacons involved, died, resound, or were removed, it was reported at the time.
They died. How do you like that?
I died on the hand.
Like Father Gagan, he died, and well, he didn't die.
Didn't he get the oft and jail he murdered him?
Yes, he did.
Good. It was great.
How are you? You bet.
Did you guys on the inside, they put any child-wasting, especially priest Getsky,
rabbi, anyone in there, just take care of him, okay, you want a thing?
Make him dead.
Bastards.
And you fools that continue subsidizing this garbage.
Are you ever going to wake up or what?
Why do I keep sitting here thinking that's not going to happen?
Mm-mm.
One thing about all the religions, man, they do a great job of brainwashing.
It's, I mean, some better than others, you know.
Yep.
WQYN, hello.
Hello, Nelson.
Yes.
I just want you to know.
5670560,
pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line,
a real roller for one, all of a sudden seemed like maybe they just collapsed
in a heap in the middle of the flow, you think?
Expended so much energy.
I did.
Threatening comments, heard at the end of that Pentagon-released audio recording,
designed to prove harassing maneuvers by Iranian patrol boats
in the Strait of Hormuz may have come from a local Hecler known as the Filipino monkey
according to the Navy Times.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Hi, Durham.
They got cranked.
Hi, Durham.
The 36 minute video aired Friday included footage of Iranian boats following the US ships
in some distance that includes a shot of a dark object floating in the water.
But it couldn't be determined whether this was one of the box-like objects
that the Pentagon claims were dumped in the path of US warships by two speedboats.
The video tape did not include a previously released audio tape of a threat to blow up the ships,
made in a radio transmission that the Pentagon says was received during the incident.
A voice on the audio tape has heard the same accent in English.
I am coming to you.
You will explode in a few minutes.
Pentagon officials now say they don't know the source of the radio transmission,
backing off a previous claim that it came from one of the boats.
The Times said Friday the voice of the audio sounded different from the one belonging
to the Iranian officer shown, speaking to the cruise report Royale,
over radio from a small boat in the video released by Iranian authorities,
which is why several Navy experts interviewed by the Times are raising the possibility
that a heckler known in the region as the Filipino monkey or an imitator could be behind the threats.
Let's have WDW-3 based on some Filipino monkey.
Filipino monkey, who is likely more than one person,
says, listens in on ship to ship radio traffic,
and then jumps on the net shouting insults and vile epipates to be put aside.
U.S. Navy women who are overhurt on the radio are said to suffer,
especially the degrading treatment of the paper said,
you bitch!
A civilian mariner with experience in that region said they Filipino monkey phenomenon is worldwide,
but more likely to occur around the streets of our movies because there's a lot of shipping traffic there.
The Times said, how do you like that?
Wouldn't you think that, well, of course they knew what it was,
but they're trying to find some excuse.
Sure.
Some said it to start that bombs bursting in air, baby.
How many QAAM, hello?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Good at broads.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Just absolutely out of control today, not just them, but the whole world.
Out of control.
No, no, no, no, no.
On high speed, high cook.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
How are you doing this morning?
Okay.
Good. I want to talk to you for a second.
Speaking.
Are my in-vandy?
Yeah.
How are you doing?
Oh, listen.
I've been coming back from New York back and forth.
And I've been missed while the reason you're leaving.
Are you pregnant?
I missed the reason why you were leaving the show.
I was here for a week ago when I keep hearing that you were leaving.
And I didn't know the reason.
Because the same thing with me that they did with Hank,
they invited me to where I extended my contract at the end of this year
for two more years and half the pay that they're paying me now.
And I said, no, thank you.
Okay. Well, I enjoyed your show while you're on there.
Thank you so much.
Okay. Thank you so much.
They said, hey, listen.
Don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out.
And I said, speaking of ass, Jolly Joe,
what a target.
You're all ass.
WQA, I'm Hello.
I'm the whole.
Yes, sir.
So, I was at the sound of like a ghost thing.
I'm not thinking with a man, a man of me or something.
I'm not.
Wow. He nailed it.
What did I tell you?
What did I tell you? WQA, I'm Hello.
Hi, you're WQA.
WQA, I'm Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm driving back to Orlando back into the festival right now.
So sorry.
That's all right.
I heard about the Filipino monkey.
I think he saw it's going to be on the morning show that he's on the next slide.
The next guy for the next spot.
He's going to be on the Mondays.
Once, they get what a J-Feel.
He touched he feuded.
They're going to bring the Filipino monkey on.
Yeah. But, Filipino monkey, is that not redundant?
Dump it.
5.6705.60, pound-fight.
You know, just another Oja on provocative.
Let me see if I can get this on here.
No way.
You wouldn't know a Filipino if he bit you on the ass.
And you probably like it.
Got plenty of Filipino's here.
Come on up here.
All the one on second thought.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He is real projects.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Rock solid.
Oh, good.
Rock.
Rock.
Oh, yeah.
I got that something.
I'm making it in my blood.
You're fair.
Yeah, you.
I make it boy.
And I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Rock, Tom.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
They seem so sweet to me.
With their firm little cans.
Little boys need to be with me.
Because I'm an emblem-man.
Rock, rock, rock, rock, Tom.
Yeah, I'm a name, Blah-Man.
Yeah, I'm a name, Blah-Man.
Hey, little kid, I'll give you candy.
And a ride.
You can sit on my lap and I will.
Let you drive.
Let you drive.
Let you drive.
You're fair.
Yeah, you.
Shake your mouth in.
When you wear your little pants.
Don't tell a little secret.
Because I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
And when I shower, I'll invite you inside.
And when I touch your little parts.
I get high, I get high, I get high.
Oh, yeah, I got something.
I'm achy in my glass.
Yeah, you, an achy boy.
And I'm your name, Blah-Man.
You're fair.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Yeah, I'm your name, Blah-Man.
Working on the 560 WQ and welcome to Crazy Monday on QAM.
It's a...
Sure is.
Former heat star Glenn Rice was charged Friday with felony battery.
After they police said he beat a man, he found hiding in his estranged wife's bedroom closet.
Rice 40 of Krogeriables turned himself into a thirtiesune after the incident and quickly bounded it, bonded out.
And bounded out of the Turner Guildford night-correctional center police said it wasn't known if he heard it turning.
Rice went to Christina Rice's home near Krogeriables Friday afternoon, demanding to know the identity of the man she was with
and asking why the man was in her house according to a police report.
Glenn Rice then quickly found Alberto Perez 37 hiding in the closet police said.
Wow.
Police called 9-11-13-1 PM after Glenn Rice hit him several times on the head and Perez was able to run out of the house.
Police said, Perez called 9.
What did I say?
Whatever I said.
Perez's facial injuries, mainly elaceration on his forehead, required 9 stitches according to the report.
Glenn Rice who couldn't be reached for comment Friday played for the E for 80-90-95.
Recently, it was voted by Heat Fans as one of 25 selections to the franchise's 20th anniversary team and stands turred in the heat record book and games played.
He was known for his 3.2 and was passed last season by Alonzo Morning for the franchise's all-time scoring lead.
He still holds the franchise record for points in a game when he scored 56 on April 13, 1995 against Orlando.
A frequent presence of heat games Rice's kids will appear at a 20-year reunion with the team next week at American Airlines Arena.
Staff writer Ira Windbag contributed to this report, says the Sunsendle.
Ira Windbag, where let's get him back on again.
Not, not. Is he on it all or when you don't know Chris?
I think he still does a weekly with...
Mad Dog.
Then we know how much Mad Dog loves the guests.
Am I right?
Oh, alright.
Well, now he's doing 4-7. I believe he's getting guests a little more often.
Ooh.
567-0560, 0.560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
WQA and hello.
You can go to the front of the box!
QA and hello.
Don't, okay. One dump will take care of both of that.
Showed up.
When they're good?
Yeah.
726 on the full. I've only read the poll results once. That's not good.
That's not going to get you up to 750 that you're looking for. We only have two hours to go.
What would be the most likely thing to happen a year from now?
And by the way, Sean the Felix the Cat Guy in my space, he read my response to him about how I said it was the Michigan Ball.
He never replied. He never admitted he made a mistake because only I'm the one who makes mistakes because I'm on the next reading.
The people on the the email people they never make a mistake.
Or the people that send you a text message or email 134 in the morning about the Yankee logo with a syringe on it.
They never make a mistake.
Gas will hit $4 a gallon. They say 222.
Neil gets a contract with another station, 118. The Democrats win the White House, 111.
Dolphins suck throughout their season 90.
No more Jews in QAM 51.
A black is elected as president or VP 29.
The US will be at war with Iran 28. Nobody hires Neil so he retires 25. Retire!
The Republicans will keep the White House only 24. Sounds like swishful thinking to me.
A woman is elected president or VP 12. Dolphins they can come back making the playoffs 11.
And Osama is captured still only five.
Osama are we on the lookout for Osama?
Yamama and Mula Bula Omar and all those right heads?
Senator John Kerry told George Step on top of us in ABC this week that no Democratic president will allow themselves to be attacked in the way that the Swift both veterans group attacked him in 2004.
And you know what he said? Right after he got through saying that?
That's what he said.
He is so.
Unfortunately when Lysard put on television sufficiently and unanswered sufficiently they can make a difference that will never ever happen again he said.
Step on top of us in Kerry discussed Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama's clash over that controversial comment Clinton made regarding Dr. Martin Luther King's junior.
Clinton accused of Amos campaign of distorting her comments to suggest she thought less of Dr. King.
When Step on top of us asked Kerry if he felt the Obama campaign owed Clinton apology he neglected the comment.
George I don't know what the back and forth has been I'm out here to get in between you know the sort of two campaigns and how they've been interpreting that he said.
In other words but a bit but a bit like that.
Throughout the interview Kerry hoisted strong support for Obama and his inability his ability to inspire hope.
Kerry's inability and Obama's ability to inspire hope.
Who better than Barack Obama to talk to young blacks in America or disaffected young people or anybody and sort of say you see what happens if you have a dream in pursuant and you work out of he said.
Kerry said the financial problems is the main reason why swift voting was such a problem for him in the 2004 elections.
We were stuck in federal financing Obama is not and he will have the ability to be able to redefine himself immediately he said if not sooner.
That's what John Kerry said that's his take.
Is he still scary kind of like John Kerry?
You know, BAM will we're embracing though I thought they were going to actually do something do you see that WQA and hello.
Hello yes I'd like to find out is this the department that the public's office.
Yes yes it is.
Yeah.
This is the public defenders office.
Oh I'm sorry Neil that wasn't for you man.
This is the crazy guy again.
Okay it's a crazy guy.
Are you a new crazy guy or just no crazy guy?
I love YouTube buddy.
Not here.
Yeah bye.
That's Robi young come back from the down.
You know it's an evil twin no question.
Sounds like him to me.
Oh yeah.
Robi is alive.
Woo.
Wow.
He took five shots.
And he's still alive not bullets.
How do you like that?
No that's not like Robi.
He's back.
He did.
You can't keep a good stiff down.
I wish we had that jingle.
What do you do have it?
No I know you have the Robi young jingle somewhere.
I do have the jingle.
You got to.
No.
No God.
Was it for QIM or QIM?
You're asking me I'm sure it was.
Robi you know what I'm talking about.
Of course I do.
Robi young we got this.
Ed Burliners.
Ed Burliners.
Ed Burliners.
Brady O.
Christ makes me WQA.
You can tell even back in those days they had great people in programming because it was Ed
Burliner and it was Ed Burliner.
This is a jingo roll.
Well by set it back they are my charges you know.
Like that.
What's this?
I'm a tree in the farm.
I'm a tree object.
Who is it?
What Dad?
I'm a tree.
What Dad?
ah!
J-Puzzah!
Hey, I got this!
John Blinahan!
Is he dead, Chris?
Blinahan, uh, I don't know.
I think so.
Of course, how would you know?
He was terrible.
Hanco always liked him, but he was, uh, terrible on the air.
Awful.
Who was the-
Who was the-
Who was the brown bomber or something like that?
The brown bomber.
Are you making this into a brown-
The Kirby or something like that?
The one?
I don't know.
He had something like weird name, like some old nickname or something.
Yeah, old.
We don't want old.
I've said that.
We want some young whipper snappers on there, like, ginger, j-j-j, uh, touchy-feely.
Somebody you can talk about, what it's like taking those showers in the room, man, after you've lost 1800 in a row.
And when the owner comes in and gives it a look, like, what's wrong with you guys?
You suck!
Oh, Jesus, oh bad.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hola.
I don't know how I got-
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Mia?
Yes.
I love great stuff, yeah?
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, Neil?
Okay.
You know, you and George are two flaming flamingos.
Mm-hmm.
You wish.
Yeah.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, that's you, Palli.
Palli, too.
WQAM, hello.
I'm setting blind.
You want a blind?
WQAM, hello.
Rock.
Dr. R. R. R.
WQAM.
Turn it up a little bit.
We can barely hear it.
WQAM.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Wow.
That was extra good, extra crispy.
WQAM, hello.
I will probably not got diabetes.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Larry Jack calling.
Consider the internet.
Oh, I never listened to the dribble.
WQAM, hello.
WQAM?
Hello.
WQAM, hello.
Not a G.
I need to go to the internet.
WQAM, hello.
I can't take up big wool from a channel 6.
He's coming back.
Came and rolled me around.
And Dave Vickson, QAM, hello.
Hello, is this Neil Rogers.
Yes.
Hi, Neil.
I have a couple of mill.
And I have an interstate.
a couple of what? You ever cut all of one? Million dollars. And I'm wondering if you're interested
in business opportunity for you? No. I own a radio station as well. We're a Christian
rock station. Yeah. And we're really interested in your service. Let me give you a suggestion.
Yes, sir. Jan Mahnit. 1156 at QAM.
What's your biggest name? The best talent. Your biggest name is George.
You're 25. Sixty QAM. Thanks. Forth. Later.
This is British Quinn. Whatever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Hello, Mr. Oiger? Yes. Please hold for Mickey Mouse. Chair of the board.
Okay. What in the f*** is going on over there?
Excuse me, sir? Are you going to Ivanka College, Iger? Yes, I did.
Is that a real school or is it a special school? No, sir. It's a real school.
How in the hell did that goofy caveman show wind up on my network?
Well, sir, you did approve the ABC Fall lineup. Why are you talking about?
Sir, remember that meeting we had in May in New York with all the TV executives?
I was half cropped up warning you wrong.
I just got back from a $13 bender with one of the strippers from Osler Crab.
Who is responsible for this show? Or, sir, would you like me to fire someone? No.
That's too good for whoever put this piece of crap on. I want you to kill him, sir.
Kill him, sir. Name him. I'm a pop-lock.
Sir, sir, isn't that a bit extreme? Iger. It's not called show hobby. It's called show business.
Yes, I know that, sir. You don't remember when one of our brainiacs decided to make a movie out of a country bear?
Absolutely. But, just say, he no longer has an office on the Disney lot.
Oh, so he's moved on to another company? He's no longer with the company. That's right. That's a good way to put it, I suppose.
Good, good, good. It goes a little further than that. I'm sorry, sir? Yeah. We killed him. What?
He said, dead son. Because of the country bear? Because of the country bear. So, that's how you want.
I want whatever ye who created cavemen. Very light on top of him.
Buried on top of him, sir? Do you have a problem hearing along with all of your other inadequacies? Why do you keep repeating what I say?
I just didn't understand you saying bury him on top of the country bear's guy.
What part of bury him on top of the country bear's guy is confusing to you?
Do you know where the country bear's guy is buried? Of course I know where he's buried you, ye who?
What do you think we should do? He's under your office. Oh, geez. Under your desk. Oh, boy.
He's a loose floorboard. Well, sir, I'm about to go into a meeting. Body under there. Yeah, this country bear body under there.
Okay. Put the caveman guy on top of him. Sir, can I just make a few phone calls?
It's him or you? What's there? Him or you? What do you mean? Him or you? I'd like just murder you, Bob Eider.
Sir, I know how you hate me repeating what you say, but did you say murder me? Why, you tapeth?
No, I don't believe I said anything like that. You're trying to catch me in some sort of scam operation?
No, sir. Why would you say that? I didn't say it in what that. So, if you happen to disappear and it's nothing to do with me, then get it.
No, sir. Try to tape me. Linda trip mother.
Turbo for QAM. I see that your presence having dinner a big dinner meeting with Prince Abdullah tonight.
They don't come no dollar than the Prince. Yeah. During the that bit that's almost three minutes long. I did a mini-joice.
Really? I decided to take it that fast in the long hand. Well, the audience keeps track of these things.
Not that they don't have any life you understood. They keep localis, including the new one today. He's really special.
He's got his. He's very good. John Mirschheimer writes candidates unconditional support isn't right for Jewish state.
Once again is the presidential campaign season heats up leading candidates are going to enormous lengths to demonstrate their devotion to the state of Israel.
And they're steadfast commitment to its special relationship with the USA.
Each of the main contenders and fatically favors giving Israel extraordinary material and diplomatic support continuing the more than three billion dollars and four and eight each year to a country whose per capita income is now 29th in the world.
They also believe that this age should be given unconditionally.
Non-run criticized israel's conduct even when it's actions threaten US interests. Our ads with American values are even when they're harmful to Israel itself.
And short the candidates believe that the Russian support israel no matter what it does.
Such pandering is hardly surprising because contenders for high office routinely court special interest groups and Israel's stock is supporters the israel lobby as we've termed it, expected.
Politicians don't want to offend Jewish Americans or Christian Zionists to groups that are deeply engaged in the political process.
Candidates fear and with some justification that even well informed credit and well intentioned criticism of Israel's policies may lead these groups to back their opponents instead.
If this happened treblor arise on many fronts Israel friends in the media would take aim at the candidate and most campaign contributions from pro-Israel individuals and packs would go elsewhere.
Moreover, most Jewish voters live in states with many electoral votes which increases their weight and close elections.
Remember Florida in 2000 and a candidate seen as insufficiently committed to Israel would lose some of their support.
And over Republican will want to alienate the pro-Israel subset of the Christian evangelical movement which is a significant part of the GOP base.
Indeed even suggesting that the US about the more impartial stands through the Israeli palestinian conflict can get a candidate in the serious trouble.
These candidates however are no friends of Israel they are facilitating its pursuit of self-destructive policies that no true friend would be in favor of.
The key issue here is the future of Gaza and the West Bank which Israel conquered in 67 and still controls.
Israel faces a stark choice regarding these territories which are home to roughly 3.8 million Palestinians.
It cannot for a two-state solution, turning over almost all the West Banking Gaza and the Palestinians and allowing them to create a viable state on those lands and return for a comprehensive peace agreement designed to allow Israel to live securely within its pre-67 borders with some minor modifications.
Or can retain control of the territories that occupies the surrounds, building more settlements and bypass roads and confining those Palestinians to a handful of impoverished enclaves and gas in the West Bank.
Israel would control the borders around those enclaves and the year above them thus severely restricting the Palestinian freedom of movement.
But if Israel chooses the second option it would lead to an apartheid state.
Prime Minister Aehood Olmer said when he recently proclaimed that if the two-state solution collapses, Israel will face a South African-style struggle.
He went so far as to argue that as soon as that happens the state of Israel is finished.
Other Israelis as well as Jimmy Carter and Angrikin archbishop Desmond Tutu have warned that continuing the occupational turn in Israel into an apartheid state nevertheless is real continues to expand its settlements on the West Bank while the plight of the Palestinians gets worse.
Given this grim situation, one would expect the presidential candidates who claim to care deeply about Israel to be sounding the alarm and energetically championing the two-state solution, one would expect them to have encouraged President Bush to put significant pressure on both the Israelis and the Palestinians that they recently announced his conference and keep the pressure on during last two years.
Hillary Clinton could be expected to be leading the charge here after all she wisely and bravely called for establishing a Palestinian state that is on the same footing as other states in 1998 when it was still politically incorrect to use the words Palestinian state openly.
Moreover, her husband not only championed the two-state solution as President but in December 2000 he laid out the famous Clinton parameters which outlined the only realistic deal for a new conflict.
But what is Hillary Clinton saying now that she's a candidate?
She said hardly anything about pushing the peace process forward at anapolis. More important both C&G OPS and Rudy Giuliani recently proclaimed that Jerusalem must remain undivided, a position that's at odds with the Clinton parameters and virtually guarantees there will be no Palestinian state.
Senator Clinton's behavior is hardly unusual among candidates for President Barack Obama who expressed some sympathy for the Palestinians before he set his sights on the White House, now has little to say about their plight and he too said little about what Israel should have done at anapolis to facilitate peace.
The other major contenders are ardent in their declarations of support for Israel.
As Big New Brzezinski, former U.S. National Security Advisor, now senior advisor to Obama noted the presidential candidates don't see any payoff in addressing the Israel-Palestinian issue.
But they do see a significant political payoff in backing Israel to the health even when it's pursuing a policy colonizing the West Bank that is morally and strategically bankrupt.
In short, the presidential candidates are no real friends of Israel that are like most U.S. politicians who reflexively mouth pro-Israel platitudes while continuing to endorse and subsidize policies that are in fact harmful to the Jewish state.
A genuine friend would tell Israel that it was acting foolishly and would do whatever possible to get Israel to change its misguided behavior and that will require challenging the special interest groups whose hard-line views have been obstacles to peace for many years.
As his former Israeli foreman, Mr. Shlomo Ben Amir argued in 2006, the American president who made the greatest contribution to peace, Carter and George Herbert Walker Bush, succeeded because they were ready to confront Israel head-on and overlooked the sensibilities of her friends in America.
If the Democratic and Republican contenders were true friends of Israel, they'd be warning about the danger of becoming in a part-fied state just as Carter did.
Moreover, they'd be calling for an end to the occupation and creation of a viable Palestinian state and they'd be calling for the West-Wakters and on his broker between Israel and the Palestinians so that Washington could pressure both sides to accept a solution based on the Clinton parameters.
But Israel's false friends can't say any of these things are even discussed to the issue honestly why because they fear that speaking the truth would incur the wrath of the hard-liners who dominate the main organizations in the Israel lobby.
So Israel lined up controlling gas in the West Bank for the foreseeable future, turning itself into a part-fied state in the process and all of this will be done with the back-knifers of its so-called friends, including the current presidential candidates, with friends like them who needs enemies.
With calls like these, who needs home calls, right?
Well, we did have a bit of a theory there while I was reading that story but they had to be much more important than that.
When you think? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 7, 6, our goal is 800 a day on the poll.
Maybe I'll put a good one under for them, or what do you think?
Well, why not?
That's wrong from Holly, would not be confused with Sean the nudge on my space.
He sent three polls this morning.
What type of people are the gays?
What's worse about your co-workers?
And who is sexy more for their persona than their looks?
And he's got richer drivers on the list.
Oh, I'm talking to something in the water.
There has to be.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
SCREENING TO MY SPRING MOUTH.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Q-A-M-HELLO.
Hey Neil, how you doing?
OK.
So why don't you know the honey bells were in those markets?
Produce, man, help.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Good morning, Coentonail, please.
Good morning.
Good afternoon.
I've got a pimple on my hand.
W-D-Q-A-M-HELLO.
Downright during a fool and die shot.
Q-A-M-HELLO.
Oh, that was from the Jack show.
I recognize that one.
That was from the last ones they showed.
Remember that?
Now, are you still listening because Bo is on the list?
Oh, no, he's on the list.
Huh?
Oh, no, the Jack show?
No, no.
I heard all I needed, too.
They're not going to talk about anything with dumb.
You heard all you needed to hear.
They're going to talk about games that are in place.
Name?
I quit late.
Games you haven't heard yet.
560-2-A-M-H-1-4, leader.
Neil?
God?
Real American A-Holes.
Real American A-Holes.
We salute you.
Mr. Broke Your New Year's Resolution to Quit Smoking Guy.
Mr. Broke Your New Year's Resolution to Quit Smoking Guy.
The ball drop.
And so did your willpower.
It's not a new start of white.
It's not a start.
Every year you swear you're going to quit.
And every year you high-tail it to the nearest smoke for less by 1205.
Don't forget the matches.
It's 30 below outside in the office smoking lounge.
But you don't care.
Because for the next five minutes you are the only one who can't get out of here.
You're the Marvel Mass.
No, come in if you got it down.
With the money you'd save on cigarettes alone,
you could put down a down payment on a new condo.
But no biggie.
Condos don't come in menthol.
So we salute you.
Mr. Broke Your New Year's Resolution to Quit Smoking Guy.
Your trembling fingers.
Your yellow teeth.
And your camelcash.
You are a real American A-Hole.
Absolutely.
2017 and 560.
The whole concept of this New Year's Resolution thing.
Why do I even bother doing it?
Why does anybody do it?
I don't know.
Where is the logic and the idea that because the date on the calendar changes,
that your behavior is going to change?
Right.
It's just stupid.
Is it?
It's a thing to do.
Like all the other holiday things that people do.
It's a thing?
Yeah.
I'm not going to do it anymore.
Because I never do it anyhow.
Well, this is the year I'm going to get down to 160 pounds of villas.
And I'm going to stop eating cramp.
And of course I don't.
Mm-hmm.
Oh.
191 is a small.
And that's not that bad.
I was up to 193.
So you do it.
You do the resolution thing.
I mean, you just think it to yourself or something at the very least.
I said it on the year.
Yeah.
I always do it every year.
So how have you been doing?
I lost two pounds.
Oh, there you go.
That's something.
But that's after ballooning up.
I was in a 180's for a long, long time.
And I got up to like 193 and I'm 191.
I just got through saying that.
Are we having a communications gap?
What?
Maybe it's what's ever is in the air.
It's like affecting me.
I'm telling you.
Well, something that's actually wrong.
The next one that Felix the Cat Guy would all the 80,000 stories he sends me there.
He read the thing that I wrote him and never responded.
He never said, oh gee, I misunderstood what you said.
Or I'm sorry for being a jerk.
If you were in Florida, you'd know the names that are on the ballot.
Buh-buh-buh-buh.
You'd know that he's on there and saw all these others.
They're all experts, including Charlie B.
He's another one.
Always giving me a life advice.
You know?
I have no life.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
I'm Ke'L.
Q-A-M.
Hello.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing tonight?
Okay.
I actually have this call on us.
If you guys, you are George Noble website where it lists all the candidates and just basically just spells out of plain English.
So, what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what is what
this is what this is what this is what this is what this is what this is what this is what this is what according to all the truth and that it is verse what is what you start in devices
I miss all the good things in Florida used to be that's not around.
Trump and X, these.
And you haven't been to Roosevelt raceway.
You know, yes.
Yeah, I miss all of the old little, the little drivers, the test squeak,
karma and all those.
Yeah, great.
Well, you know what?
You can't live in the past forever.
So it's a goyeshia belt.
Get with it.
Oh my God.
He misses car mine and Jimmy Narun and, uh, oh, brother.
Sach Warner, all the Jewish drivers.
Uh, WDQ, I am hello.
Yeah, they tried to talk WDQ, I am hello.
WDQ, I am hello.
No, yes, sir.
You think you got some weird colors out of here that down in my.
There's weirdos all over this country.
Yeah.
Got it like blow WDQ, I am hello.
Q, I am hello.
I know, I know.
WDQ, I am hello.
Hey, you know, I didn't know George goes to the mall with you on the weekends.
WDQ, I am hello.
I know how are you today.
Okay, sir.
How are you today?
I'm doing fine.
Thanks.
I heard you say that Kenny and Bob, the bus of Kenny and Bosia is coming back.
Is that true?
No, I did not say that I said,
Bow was on from two to four today and tomorrow.
That's what I said.
The Kenny and Bosia will never come back.
Uh, heck, all right.
I'll say good.
Thank you.
Okay.
The Kenny and Bosia was coming back.
Oh, God.
Whoa.
Even these people aren't that crazy.
Well, they were crazy enough to put it on the first place.
WDQ, I am hello.
Yeah, I said, I already know.
No, WDQ, I am.
Yeah, I was like to speak to Neil and Bosia.
Neil, how come the flood of the franchise just their independence?
I beg your pardon?
Doesn't make sense.
New Hampshire people can vote if they're independent.
They can vote for us.
Each state makes its own, each state party makes its own rules.
Is that it?
The party makes it.
It's not really relevant anyway because the Florida, in the Democratic primary, there
are going to be no delegates.
Well, I got out of the Republican party, but I'll tell you what, now I'm not going
to get the leaves and shoes on.
Okay, you can go ahead and vote.
It'll, uh, it'll, it'll look like something, you know, it'll, uh, send a message.
Well, at least that's something.
Thanks a lot.
Okay.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Don't vote for Socialist.
Socialist is going to me more.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Joe, fine, big one to you.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
I'm talking to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing, man?
Okay, man.
Hey, I just wanted to know.
I really like your show.
I was listening to a band said that you're going to come off the station.
Anyway, I just wanted to know if you really, you really think that the, uh, the elections really
counted.
They're fair down here.
You think that, uh, they really count out all the ballots and, you know, whoever we vote
for is really going to office.
No.
WDQ, I am.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
God.
Yes.
Hey, you were asking earlier.
I know there's a website, uh, for Florida, it's called F, F, D, I, R, G. And it shows
like the voting records of all, uh, the local or Florida candidates.
I don't know if there's a nationwide one though.
Okay.
Thanks, Sally.
Okay.
Thanks, but some were trying to know.
Am I right?
Right.
Why can't I get the, uh, there you go.
Somebody Q, I am.
Hello.
Q, I am.
Hello.
Yeah, let's get in fact, you know something we could love.
I shouldn't have hung up on that one just now.
We should leave it on just like in the back.
We have our own music.
If you must.
Why not?
Maybe that's part of the new format.
Maybe that's why we don't fit in.
We don't fit in, baby.
That's part of the problem.
Well, you know, the, uh, luck tackle there.
He really had a bad groin pull and as a result, uh, you know, he wasn't able to like,
oh, my.
Well, when he started with, now that they've got all these analysts on broadcast, it's
not just enough to watch the game anymore.
Every play has to have immediate analization from all the x-jocks.
I have no interest in hearing that.
In fact, I'm right.
I think I'm going to start turning the sound down.
I am not interested in having every play analyzed.
In fact, having any play analyzed.
I'm giving up hockey too.
I'll tell you that.
Although, you know, the interesting, well, it's not interesting to you, but the, uh,
bizarre part of the whole deal is the only, uh, the only Florida team that's having any
success right now is the Panthers, which, uh, they're not going to make the playoffs,
but nevertheless, the record is like mediocre as opposed to embarrassing.
And nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
Anybody care?
No, he cares.
That's his, uh, livelihood.
And remember, just ripped him an ass.
I told you that before, didn't I?
Yep.
Rip Gildi an ass.
Yeah.
I don't know what I'm going to do the problem.
Details of him was pretty ugly, pretty nasty, Gildi.
Pretty nasty.
The straighter hates you, Gildi.
BAAA!
26 past noon at QM.
Yeah, kid, baby.
Then his hip boom, though, spilled the beans back when.
Today, the fraud she said that been laid in was murder.
Now she must die.
The push we got together.
We got a shuttle right before it's out of hand.
She left through the window.
She went through by when Bush go after to run.
Against Bush, she'll be fully packers, man.
That letter in the pool of blood.
Then this year, boo, go.
She's a sound with mighty sight.
Our corporate iron curtain had to make her dead.
Something has got to be done about this bulldoin packers, man.
We got to take her out before we're out of a boogie man.
Our store might hate the better lighting.
For the corporate deals.
Whose house are you waiting?
Whose crap about to get her?
The packers stand in memory.
She got the push go where he ended at a hut dead.
The packers stand in memory.
She got the push go where he ended at.
It's a 12.30 to 5.60 W.A.M.
Premendous calls today.
I'll say that.
Yeah.
No?
Yes?
I'm going to thank Chris.
Oh, they're wonderful.
Not just the same.
I mean, we certainly plenty of the same, but different.
New and different.
And a lot of the same.
5.6705.60, 0.560.
Manechtaj Halala Hazed, which in the Egyptian means what else is it all about?
In an interview today, President Clinton mounted a less than a vigorous defensive comment,
say prominent supporter of Senator Clinton's presidential bid, Robert Johnson,
which many interpret as a reference to Senator Obama's admission of drug use during his younger years.
The interviewer, Rollin Martin of W.V.O.N. and Chicago played Mr. Johnson's state in Sunday,
in which he praised the Clinton's for having been deeply and emotionally involved in black issue.
Since Barack Obama was doing something in the neighborhood, I won't say what he was doing,
but he said it in the book, Mr. Martin sounded incredulous about the fact that he was doing it.
But I'll Mr. Johnson subsequently denial in a statement issued by the Clinton campaign that he was referring to drug use by Obama.
When you listen to the tone and inflection he wasn't talking about community organizing,
it seems to me very clear what he was implying, Mr. Martin said.
Ironically, this is the first time I heard what you just said, Mr. Clinton said.
I listened to it on the tape, and I think we have to take him in his word.
Right.
Mr. Clinton then launched into a defense of his fairytale comments from New Hampshire, which hadn't been raised at that point.
The former president also sharply criticized Obama and his top adviser David Axelrod for a statement suggesting that Mrs. Clinton stands on Iraq,
made the death of a sesinated Pakistani leader Benzer Bouteau more likely.
That's a lot worse than anything Bob Johnson implied, said Mr. Clinton said.
I don't believe anybody even asked Senator Obama about it.
Oh, you say she's responsible for something like that? That's fine.
Mr. Clinton then lived into the Obama campaign for its overly racist opposition research piece,
labeling Mrs. Clinton as a senator from India.
Pressed further on Mr. Johnson's comments, Clinton retreated a bit, disfitting the any advanced knowledge of his remarks on the part of the campaign.
Bob Johnson said what he said yesterday, nobody knew what he was going to say.
It wasn't part of any planned strategy.
Mr. Clinton also said campaign officials didn't plan for the Attorney General of New York, Andrew Cuomo, to use the term Shuck and Jive,
and what appeared to some to be a reference to Obama's campaign, but which Mr. Cuomo said was a general comment about campaign techniques in New Hampshire, Iowa. Shuck and Jive, my ass.
Certainly nobody had any advanced notice of anything Attorney General Cuomo said Mr. Clinton said.
Mr. Martin insisted that Johnson's denial was implausible.
Anyone listening to what he was talking about, he wasn't talking about community organizing the host said,
that's something between Bob Johnson and Barack Obama, Mr. Clinton eventually said, seeming to give up on defending the remark.
I think the psychological tensions on everybody are considerable.
There are a lot of people who are supporting Hillary who always wanted to vote for an African-American for president.
There are a lot of people supporting Barack who always wanted to vote for a woman for president, he added later.
It's not surprising that these sorts of things will happen. They just happen.
I think it's important not to overreact to them.
A series of callers to Mr. Martin's program following Mr. Clinton's call were deeply skeptical of his explanation and harshly critical of Mr. Johnson.
One even doubted the former president's statement that he hadn't heard Mr. Johnson's comments since the words were read to him on another program earlier in the day.
Mr. Martin said Clinton seemed to be saying he hadn't previously heard the tape of the comments.
It took more than an hour to hear a call to defend Mr. Clinton even tangentially.
Clinton refused to say whether he would vote for Obama or John Edwards if the race came down to them.
I don't think that's fair for me to get into that former president said.
He said he did consider Obama more qualified than any of the Republicans seeking the White House.
He also appeared Monday morning on the syndicated townjoiner Morning Show, where he suggested Mr. Obama was also benefiting from an unfair double standard.
We've been much kinder to him than he has been to her Mr. Clinton said and a partridge in Fairtree.
He called me a name and she called me a name and bat bat.
Future of the world is hinging on this kind of a campaign. Aren't you proud?
Yep. Aren't you excited? Aren't you refused?
813 in your pool, Chris. You got to shot at that. I don't know. Something.
That's something. Yeah. We're going to do something. WDQ-I-M, hello.
Oh, what's that?
Oh, what's that?
Yeah.
I saw it.
Oh, that's where that's coming from. I thought you knew.
No, I did not know. How would I know that?
How could you not?
Because they're making the going sounds in the back while they're banging on the pots and pans.
They're banging on pots and pans?
Hi, Ron. Hi, Ron.
5667-0560-06560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line. WDQ-I-M, hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today?
Okay. Good. I would question. Have you ever seen Hank Goldberg at Wynnum?
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Can we back my room?
Q-I-M, hello. WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hi, Neil. Yes, sir.
I come down for the winter. I was just kind of curious what ever happened to Curtis.
I don't hear him on the radio anymore.
Curtis is on the mad dog show. He's not with Mandage.
Oh, I didn't know that. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Okay. We'll give you his home number later.
5667-0560-06560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
I know that's what I'd be asking about if I came down.
I mean, I like Curtis. He's fine. You know. Captain Curtis.
817 votes on the award-winning poll about what's going to happen a year from now.
We don't know what else is going to happen a week from now, do we?
No, but we'll talk about it a great length of time.
We don't know what's going to happen in five minutes. We don't know what's going to happen on this next call,
although we probably haven't pretty good idea.
WDQ-I-M, hello.
Hello.
Yes. Is this Q-I-M?
Yes, sir.
From the erudder?
Speaking.
Oh, how are you?
Go on time, Lister. It's been swaying before Hurricane Andrew.
I heard something on the news today that they met Mike Grabriotent.
I know you already talked about the Zorba Tall.
And what it does, they came out with a study on this on Sugarlust gum that contains Zorba Tall.
And people that do 18 to 26 a day suffer from severe diarrhea, but they say it's a way to lose weight.
Yeah. Okay, I'll go ahead and get some gum. Thanks a lot.
That is a bulletin to me about a Zorba Tall causing you to have a wild diarrhea.
And that a bulletin to me?
Oh, yeah.
All the talls.
Welcome WDQ-I-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, how's everything going?
Okay, great. Couldn't be better.
Yeah, it was nice when I know one thing.
I've been listening a long time.
I just want to know why your partner, their George, just does not like Christians.
I mean, what?
I never said that.
Why would you say that?
Well, it's because several times you've ripped them off here.
Why would you say so, man?
So do I.
Why are you picking on George?
Why don't you talk to me?
I rip on un-Christians, people who claim to be a Christian.
Oh, George, you do not.
When you open around, you rip on Christians.
And you know what I mean?
See, a lot of un-Christians lie all around.
Like you do.
You lie.
You lie.
What did you do?
Neil, I mean, George, obviously.
Are you a Christian?
Are you a Christian?
I, we are a kind of...
Are you a Christian?
Him!
And your judgey me?
Didn't Jesus tell you not to do that?
Of course I'm judging you.
Didn't Jesus tell you not to do that?
My un-Christian friend, Matthew 7-1, didn't Jesus tell you not to judge people?
You are doing it.
But you go with by the Bible, George.
You don't know.
See, I don't claim to, but you do.
You go with by the Bible, and you go out with like two of you.
See, you know what you're all, sir?
You know the one with the good religion is still chaos.
Now that you're proving my point and George's point, proving my point.
Right.
Pointing the finger.
Baaah!
Baaah!
Pointing the finger.
That's what religion is all about, sir, including yours.
All of them.
And excuse for a hate.
And bigotry.
W.Q.I.N. Hello.
Huzzah!
Q.I.N. Hello.
Q.I.N.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Yep, last week you and George were talking about K.J.
And I ran into him just after you were talking.
You were talking about him.
And he does actually perform.
He was, he did nicks on Fridays for happy hour.
And he's supposed to start the stained glass pub up there on federal highway coming up soon because they just changed hands.
But he actually is out in the public performance.
Well, great.
He's a good guy and very clever.
Yeah, yeah.
Great writer.
Okay, thanks.
See ya.
W.Q.I.N. Hello.
Q.I.N.
W.Q.I.N. Hello.
Hey, Neil, good afternoon, brother.
Yes, sir.
That previous call, I look at for some more to compare the president or the future nominated president and what they are about.
Believe it or not, a local station down here, Channel 6 WSVN has a really easy job.
No, no, Channel 6 is not WSVN. Channel 7 is WSVN.
Oh, I'm sorry, my bad.
Whatever.
What is it? W.Q.I.N.
I don't know where this.
But Channel 3.K.J.
Q.I.N.
Q.I.N.
If he goes to that website, it's got a really easy, compare and you can do it by topic or by the president.
Okay.
Great.
That's pretty handy.
One question for you too, for you to help me.
Whatever happened to Bob Stoper, I love that son of a-
He retired.
They made him retire.
Okay, anyway, there you go.
W, what is it?
What are you saying?
Okay.
What?
Well, the old ones were better than the latter.
Although, we haven't done the one yet about sandwich filling.
What are you waiting for?
I don't know what that one is.
You don't know that one.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
You don't know that.
And it's gonna keep me on
On a winning streak.
My muscles both so much
You can't get enough.
I've got a giant head.
And such a tiny
Protect your clothes.
And I'm gonna have to fight someone to blame.
If I'm gonna make it to the hollow face
Looks like very much is not a known.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
I'm the rocket man.
Rocket man.
Throw this record we run from hormones.
The first time I'm gonna take a long, long time.
Okay, 12.45 to 5.60 WQAM.
So let me ask you this.
We all know what the Chupa Cabrera is.
Okay.
Now what about the Mamma Negra?
All right.
What is that?
A black mama?
No, but what did I'm not just talking about the translation of the word.
If you're discussing a phenomenon, you're gonna have to ask someone from whose country that comes from.
Because it ain't Mexico.
I don't know.
Because I've never heard of it before in my life.
Come on.
I googled it and there's like a whole bunch of folklore about that.
Well, you will have to ask someone who knows something about it.
Maybe somebody knows from a country where they have it.
It's not from my country.
Or Chupa either.
Or Chupa either.
No.
That's Puerto Rican.
Puerto Rican.
Oh, that's a recim thing.
Boy, you hate the Reacons, man.
I don't know.
I called before who said your anti-Christian.
I think he had a point.
I don't know what that was.
I did not hate anybody.
I hate Jipsies.
Oh, you're not there.
You're like your ripping religion behind my back.
Well, I sure they're sure of friends me.
I know.
You got some nerve.
Next thing you'll be knocking Jax behind my back.
I knock Jipsies.
It was the only group that I hate.
Jipsies.
Yeah, but you know, a pickpocketed by Jipsies.
Like I didn't roam that.
I've been ripped off by Jipsies.
What do you think I hate?
I have been.
Yeah.
From the time I was a little kid, every time I encountered a Jipsie,
they ripped me off or somebody that, you know, closed to me.
Freaking Jipsies.
And that's because there's no Jipsie lobby out there.
I openly hate them.
I hate them like poison, but that's the only group that I hate.
Everything else is a...
You like to repay your driveway?
No.
I keep showing up at my house.
Turn the hose on him.
See, you don't know about mama.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Oh, wow.
That's what we do at our house.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the river rise.
But you're sure, unfriendly, man.
Very friendly to everyone.
QAM, hello.
I think that's a...
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
That's the one that's conversed with me, if I could please.
Go ahead.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil.
I'm sorry.
What's up, fellas?
Just want to let you know, big fan of that mama negative?
Yeah.
I'm Dominican.
And I think it's like a Haitian, but smaller.
Hey, you're going to get the longest series of these kinds of calls, though.
No kidding.
It was cute.
Not.
WQAM, hello.
My name is...
WQAM, hello.
Now, that was a fake, my name is Joe.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Andy from Western, no doubt.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm just having the most marvelous practice.
Good.
Good for you.
Congratulations.
WQAM, hello.
It goes to be...
You have a very controversial show.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Do you shave your friends apart?
QAM, hello.
Yes, I'm going to do it for you.
A lot of bangings going on there, man.
I'll tell you that.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Please take a seat, please.
WQAM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you today?
Okay, sir.
How are you?
I've got the greatest thing on YouTube.
We have been...
The guy chasing Sonic.
Sean Hannity down the street.
Did you see that?
No.
Oh, it was hysterical.
You know, because Ron Paul's guys didn't want to be on that box news debate and they would
let him.
And they chased him down the street.
It was absolutely...
Well, that's really...
Let me know when they catch him, okay?
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
Good afternoon, sir.
When you were gone, Georgia showed a few challenges.
I'd like to take it my phone.
Right.
Come on down and do the two to three hours.
Yeah.
Okay.
I got a better idea.
Why not?
What?
Washington, we'll let today.
It'll be good.
QAM, hello.
WQAM, hello.
I didn't show.
WQAM, hello.
They kept asking me.
They kept asking me.
QAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm...
I just started listening half hour ago.
Did you mention or did you see the code tank ladies give a tax or case off?
The what?
The code tank ladies and Miami.
So what are you talking about?
What language are you speaking?
Code pink.
Code pink.
The anti-war group?
Yeah, what about them?
Well, they were in Miami to protest.
Why did they have to spot it down there?
And why don't we not arrest them?
These are extra short terrorists.
And the crazy citizens chased them off.
They couldn't do their little...
Well, there you go, man.
It'll teach them.
Code pink really stink.
See, that's what I would do if I wanted to protest against the right wing injustice.
I'd go to little Havana's what I would do.
I'd go to Dave County's what I would.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil.
I just pushed a compass.
I beg your pardon?
No, you just freed the kid.
It's not.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, really stink.
QAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I got to smoke the real good curfew.
I guess what the book comes out Thursday, aren't you excited about that?
We ought to have a...
I am.
...because it seems like every lunatic in town, if the crazy people get the bull in the diaries,
we are going to kick some big ass.
Yeah, entertainers, including the singer Mary J. Blige and rapper Fitty Cent,
are among thousands of people whose names are turning up an investigation into obtaining steroids
or human growth hormones in Albany, New York newspaper reported on Sunday.
This is from Sean, the Felix the Cat Guy, who read my thing before we didn't respond to it,
with some of you know the story.
That's all right.
He's just not capable of communicating or admitting any mistake.
A spokesman from Mary J. Blige said she's never taken any performance enhancing illegal steroids.
She also said that Blige hadn't taken any anti-aging steroids either.
The newspaper said it records a gut and information from witnesses on on Gionlin,
who are cooperating with the investigation.
The spokesman declined to comment on the report on Sunday.
Representatives for the others were not immediately available for comment.
Namely celebrities were accused of violating the law.
Instead, the investigation is focused on the flow of the drugs cracking down on the doctors
who will legally prescribe them without saying patience.
And on the so-called anti-aging clinics pharmacies,
another distributor who supplied the drugs.
Since it became public nearly a year ago, the Albany inquiries led to investigators
who supplied to New York, Florida, and Texas.
Today's 10 defendants completed early to various charges and a partridge in a pair of trees.
I say legalized all drugs, okay?
Legalized them all.
Yeah.
Look at all the crime that would eliminate.
People wouldn't have to be stealing the all-c... hanging out in all of them street corners and stuff.
Just go to like the drug place.
The drug store.
We ought to call it like, there are no more drug stores like Walgreens and CVS and all that.
They're like, uh, get a different name for them, like pharmacy,
from Asia like they say in Europe, from Asia.
Right?
From Asia pet, from Asia to Asia.
I've listened to 50,000 phone calls.
College to the program, they're young, they're old, smart, they're dumb,
probably mostly, they're lonely.
I find it hard to believe sometimes that we have people that listen to the program.
And the time it goes on until the time it goes on five days a week,
52 weeks a year.
These people listen when I'm not even on the show.
Can I not listen when I'm not on the show?
He's good.
Well, I'm a con, he's very good.
You wouldn't like him though, because he does a sports show.
But you might still like him, because he does a server, you know?
He does a comp, you know?
He talks about games of the men play.
Right, QIM, hello.
Sorry.
I didn't know you.
QIM, what is it?
I didn't know.
Yes.
I was wondering, how do you get it to be on the show?
What did you mean by that?
How do you get to be on the program?
You don't.
WQIM, hello.
Get your minute away for me.
QIM, hello.
QIM.
Now that was your bell.
If anybody cuts one, like that, that's him.
Could you recognize it?
I can smell it all the way up here.
Oh my God.
Oh, I'm just swooning over here.
What do you say about 900 for the pull, Chris?
Okay, sounds good to me.
You got 836.
I think you got a shot at 900.
You don't get an hour and six minutes to go.
We only need one minute.
I beg your pardon?
Oh, that's what's saying on the other thing.
Oh, city card says you've earned a preferred rate.
Well, guess what?
Up yours.
Get off my blackberry.
Get out of my life.
Get out of my face.
You idiots, you.
You ferry.
Now, you told me I can block all that stuff.
I know how to do it.
I'm just too lazy.
You just go to my hot mail and block that.
Yeah, I don't want these spand.
It's an ongoing process.
Corners came in this morning with giving me a solid answer.
He's thinking of getting XM.
Uh-huh.
And XM radio in his car.
Uh-huh.
And he's asking me my opinion.
I told him, even though I had the XM for the trial two months, whatever the hell it was in the
uponier, I never listened to it.
Not for a second.
Not for a millisecond.
What would I listen to on there?
I don't know.
When I'm in that car and be talking about music and moton, I don't listen to music in the
car.
I listen to news radio.
Because I want to hear about the traffic.
When you live in a big city, you want to know if the expressway is screwed up or you know
what I'm saying?
If they burned woodbind down yet or whatever the deal is.
Did I mention about how I won five grand in the five dollar machine list, uh, whatever
day it was?
Did I mention that?
What, what day was it, then I want to know.
Did I mention on Friday?
I don't think that's right.
I was not on Friday.
There you go.
That's why I was saying it.
Or maybe because I didn't get any sleep because of that message at one thirty four in the
morning on my black barrier from Norma Kent.
I'm going to tell you something seriously.
This man, my life and yours are hanging in the balance.
All of ours.
And this man is, I don't know.
He is what he is.
Yeah, I know.
Your attorney.
That's the guy.
Norma Kent.
I mean, so far he's got, you know, some things that work it over here.
We got some things going on.
But I don't know.
And I just want to remind him of one thing.
Okay.
Boppies for closers.
Oh, boppies for closers is all right.
Closers.
Close the deal.
Put that coffee down.
I'm going to watch that again.
I keep trying to do it.
I don't do it.
Glenn Gary Glenn Ross.
Anybody hasn't seen that.
And I like the sequel to Glenn Gary Glenn Hill.
Doesn't too bad.
Yeah.
The bird.
And you, you and the bird man.
I think you put a great in the bird.
Once again, maybe he had two in person encounters.
Really?
You weren't working when he was on?
I trained and he was in the other room.
And we never spoke to each other.
And then after I was hired.
I can't believe you would all want to know.
We never get away after the fact long after you can't him.
Way after the fact years later was the perfect.
I'm going to tell you something.
Chris, there really bothers me a lot.
And it is I'm very nervous if Green Bay wins, which they will beat the hell out of the
Jones because the Eli Manning sucks.
And the Patriots win, which they should against the Chargers.
Green Bay scares the hell out of me.
Why?
Why not?
Did you see that game the other day, man?
They mocked them off the field.
Man, and that bread far, if he's falling down, he's plotting, he's just even, he's
laughing at it.
He's got a horseshoe up his ass.
The best talent here is in the largest sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's a two-hour.
The fourth leader.
By any chance, the dolphin still no worse.
Football teamers.
The way they played this season made everybody scream.
It seems to me that losing has always been their goal.
And every game they play should be called a stuper bowl.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league that it's two?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
If you're their fandals in the blues.
The Dolphins had Sam Cameron and one thing that I learned.
He had the fans all wishing that Nick Sabin would return.
If you think he's a winner then you have lost your mind.
The next thing he'll be coaching is the unemployment line in there.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
How many teams in the league?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
There's something you scrape off your shoes.
The Dolphins have gone back a rookie quarterback.
If you think he's the answer you must be smoking crack.
You know they could have gotten someone good like Brady Quinn.
The way they waste their draft fix.
It's nothing for us in the middle.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
How many teams?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
They're talent scouts don't have a clue.
But Dolphins games are boring when they're on the radio.
And everyone was put to sleep by Jimmy Submolo.
When he is calling play by play it's the same old tune.
And just so manage had a job on Sunday afternoon.
But there was Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
How many teams?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear the fans begin to snooze.
I'm tired of the air.
The Dolphins.
I sing the own Dolphins.
He's hired the parcels.
And I don't have to tell you the way that tuna smells.
They say he'll solve the problems.
I wish him lots of luck.
No matter what he tries to do, the two will always suck them.
They're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now there's room.
I don't work too well.
So anyway, Chris, not in our Chris.
Oh, I see you sent me something.
I did there and you did.
And the message you sent me, by the way, didn't come through.
I just had the quotation marks and you can't get out of it.
Me?
Yeah, you.
About Mamanegra.
Oh, it was a video.
Well, you still can't get it.
Oh, well.
Anyway, so Chris and other Chris with a K sent me a website,
dhp.net, slides candidate, dhp.net, slides candidate.
And it's kind of interesting.
It has all the different issues that come up and you check how important it is to you and so on.
And then it gives you the score by the different candidates on an issue.
It is what it is.
But anyway, for that kind of a call earlier.
Much more important than that though is this.
The fiesta of the Mamanegra, which takes place in the city of Lata Kunga.
Excuse me.
Lata Kunga.
What word did you say is one of the most fascinating cultural events in Ecuador.
How do you like that?
Now, you know that people live in Ecuador and I'm sure we may have one or two Ecuadorians out there.
Now, our Indians of a sort.
All right.
Well, they have white people there too and I only ever met the white ones.
And I've only ever met good looking Ecuadorians for what that was.
Oh, yeah.
When I was in Berlin last summer when the year ago last summer.
When the Olympics were going on.
Wow.
Under this blonde chick.
Yeah.
Ecuadorians were standing in my hotel.
This public celebration in Civic Pride Rivals, Brazil's festival says an emblematic melting pot of wildly divergent,
cultural traditions, Spanish, Incan, as an Incan Incan Do.
I'm a, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, a Marin.
How do you say that?
A-Y-M-A-R-N.
A-Y-W-A-M-A-R-N.
I'm Marin.
I guess.
I poppy.
I'm a Marin.
African and most recently gay.
Oh, no.
Now, I know where that comes from.
The Lama de la Gra.
The fiesta as its origin.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, bet.
The...
Well, the person who told me about it just happens to be a coincidence?
Yeah, yeah.
Coincidence?
Yeah.
The fiesta as its origin is with the colonization of La Tacuma by the Spanish for its rich mineral resources.
The native inhabitants were forced to convert to Catholicism.
Let me read that again.
The native inhabitants were forced to convert to Catholicism, but the conversion was not entirely pure.
With the result that indigenous elements such as a polytheistic belief in spirits became part of the new religion.
Focus, focus.
The Spanish conqueror is brought in additional populations from Bolivia, Guatemala, and ultimately Africa, slaves.
And they too brought through unbeliefs and traditions to La Tacuma.
What's semi-holiday in motion was the eruption of the Cota Paxi volcano in 1742, and I'm sure I'm saying that wrong.
What?
How's anybody going to know?
The citizens of the region petitioned the version of mercy who had been designated the patron of the volcano, and when La Tacuma was spared, an annual celebration was set in place to honor her.
The festival was traditionally held during the last weekend in September, but was on the version dying out in the early 60s when Cota Paxi governor Virgilio Ganado proposed saving and making it coincide with La Tacuma's official celebration of its founding on November 11th.
The now official holiday had the ironic effect of reviving interest in the traditional religious celebration of the Virgin of Mercy, which also features the Mamanegra, but the larger and more colorful celebration is in November.
It dates very from year to year, sometimes coinciding with La Tacuma's founding and sometimes with the surrounding the day of the dead.
So be sure to ask around, it says.
Oh yeah, ask around.
The event constitutes a parade of characters such as the angel of the stars, the Mourish King, as well as Los Foccos, who represent La Tacuma's pre-Colombian heritage, and the countisonus, colorful transvestites, and a parade that tracks many, as well as dances, musicians, and marching band getting choked up by reading this.
Oh boy.
I think I received the curse of the Mamanegra.
All accommodating in the arrival on horseback of the Mamanegra, the Black Mother, a combination of the Virgin with African deities.
The Mamanegra, bearing dolls representing her children, is he liberally costum and from a container sprays milk and water on the parade goers.
Oh nice.
Candy and wine containers are also tossed to the crowds, and restaurant tours all feature La Tacuma's most famous contribution to Ecuadorian cuisine, chug chucarras, do you?
Deep fried pork pork rinds, popcorn potatoes, maize, and plantain.
And you know me, I live in plantation, plantation.
Chug chucarras.
Well that's what it says, that's Ecuadorian cuisine.
What would you know about Ecuadorian cuisine?
Nothing at all.
Chug chucarras, CHUG, CHUCA, RAS, Chug chucarras, deep fried pork pork rinds, popcorn potatoes.
What are popcorn potatoes?
Don't know.
What do I know about Ecuadorian cuisine?
I know popcorn shrimp, and popcorn popcorn.
Yummy.
Now who was yesterday?
Was it T.O. talking about getting the popcorn or some cramp like that?
Was that before after you started crying?
Oh my boy, that's my boy.
I remember I was a home always my boy.
Whatever he was talking about.
When athletes cry, man, that's when I draw the line, especially a jackass like T.O.
It's such a jerk.
You mean you didn't feel something before him?
No, I did not.
I felt nothing but scorn and disgust and distaste.
I wanted vomit.
I wanted pee.
And you didn't eat it by the way, you didn't eat it at all.
Oh not at all.
No, I thought it was funny.
Crank it out, tears.
WQAM, hello.
Mama Nebula made some good chitlins.
I love them, with them grits.
My little mama Nebula makes it.
What was the word again?
Chukotas.
Okay.
That's like chitlins, it's got a C.H. in it.
Hey.
You should know your chitlins.
I do?
No, he didn't.
Oh that guy, yeah.
It was going to give us the recipe and you're going to be doing it on.
Yeah, you did good.
I don't want it.
8.56 on the polar goal is 900 today.
Nevada caucus is on Saturday.
I wonder if Michael Duke caucus is going to be this whole process is so stupid.
Anybody in the age of 100 is watching this and paying attention for me the first time.
And wondering what kind of, we got primaries some places.
Caucuses are other places.
We got some primaries where the votes aren't going to count.
And like Florida and Michigan, because the Democrats are all pissed off at each other.
Oh you went too soon, you went too fast.
Etcetera.
No, let me forget to read the poll result maybe like about 135 thereabouts.
Okay.
Maybe the mom and egg would have called in and give us the final total.
I don't know, I saw the pictures on there.
What was the thing that you sent me which I can't get?
It was just like a street festival of a bunch of the people dancing around.
And it had looked like weezy, you know the maid from the Jefferson's look like she was on a horse.
Okay.
Like I said before every black woman who's portrayed in the media or anywhere in the culture of the world always has to be fat and have a big, big nasty ass.
Am I right?
Right.
WDQA and Hello.
Panication.
QA and Hello.
QA and.
A and E.
Yep.
Obama, Megrez says they got a whole year back in jail.
WDQA and Hello.
My mama, Rachel, Bob.
WDQA and Hello.
Phil.
Yes.
I was going to look at your old show that you used to have on WANY.
It's soft, yeah.
WDQA and Hello.
QA and Hola.
Hello.
Yes.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Hey, a mama and E.
Agra is basically a Cuban grandmother who was hiding the basement because they're embarrassed.
Especially if they had in Florida because there are no basements in the world.
Oh, would you have our voila nigger?
I'm figure pardon?
What?
What did you say?
Black grandma.
Abuela negra, you said.
That's what I said.
It's her didn't sound like that to me.
It's sound like he said that to you.
And that's what he said.
Abuela negra?
Yeah.
What did you think I said?
I'm figure.
The best town.
This is no projects.
You're like the 560 QAM.
I think.
Forks.
Leader.
Junior honey.
When a chance is born,
J.M. is on some thick.
Blink, blink, wait, just like the Lunatic.
Missing was of the season because he's any same.
But guess what?
He's all juiced up.
But all the rules.
Oh, yeah.
First it was a parasite, but she ought to be.
The player with the neck bigger than an old tree.
But Jason can't blame that one on G&C because that's what.
He's all juiced up.
But all the rules.
Oh, yeah.
Well, Jason claims he never used a stone.
But his back's the huge and his complexion's rough.
Well, he looks more pumped than hot than fries.
But she ought to be better straight away from Mary Bosn.
He does him hit.
He can't roll off throw.
Guess they should have told him that doubt about gold.
When he makes me read it as a neon glow.
Because guess what?
He's all juiced up.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Yeah.
His muscle tissues been rearranged.
Jason, G.M. you look the rage that someone said.
Your voice has changed.
He can't blame.
I don't know what all the fuss is about.
Well, his chest is bulging and his arms are blank.
Left and right is just like a moon of jing.
Missed both of the scenes because he said he's sick.
But guess what?
Fuck.
He's all juiced up.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
Oh, oh, oh, yeah.
He's all juiced up.
One 19 to Q.A.M.
We got him a bowl camper for Jason Jerks, who's not on today.
And again tomorrow for whatever that's all about.
Well, you know, he just started that show last week, didn't he?
Was it the week before the Jason Jerks show?
Oh, he was the first week, wasn't it?
Was it the first week last week?
I mean, no, it's not.
What's that?
Yeah.
He's the third week for Quenna.
There's a couple of days off.
Sure, let's make Q.A.M. Hello.
Not there.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Oh, Neil.
Yes?
Any of my words of flying a family phone?
Don't call me a nigger.
Why?
Okay, just a dump of the first.
Of course, without saying.
Yeah, yeah, like call up and say it about 10 times and see if it gets on here any of the times.
Okay, schmuck, putz, shmeckle, time yonkel.
I think I've uncovered the motherload here, though.
This mama negra.
Oh, yeah, that's the song.
I am told that in Mexico it's used to refer to someone who is a drama queen.
Okay.
Okay, you know what I mean?
I'll take that word for it.
Mama negra.
Well, that's Mexico, though.
This is Ecuador.
See.
And I looked up, I go a little bit more in Ecuador.
It says in both the rough guide and lonely-plated guidebooks, the mama negra fest is built as one of Ecuador's must-see attractions.
Living only a 20-minute ride from La Tacunga, the small town where mama negra takes place, it would have been rude not to see what this festival was all about.
Mama negra fiesta takes place twice yearly near the end of September and the week of November 11 celebrating the independence of La Tacunga from a Spanish rule.
The journal entry focuses on the mama negra fiesta in September.
One of the first surprises of mama negra is that not only due to the large entourage of paradeers, dancers and mischief makers parade on both Saturday and Sunday, but on both days they parade twice.
Once in the morning and once in the afternoon, the first parade takes place at 9 a.m., while the second starts at 2 a.m., true to Ecuadorian time, though, it seems you can add a good 60 to 9.
You can add a 60 to 90 minutes to these or starting times before the action starts ruling.
So you got Cuba time, Mexico time, which I'm still not used to, and it's a Korean time, which is like 60 to 90 minutes late.
Yeah, all Latins do everything later.
Why is that?
It's an assumed thing. Everything happens later. It's just a cultural thing. Everything happens later.
And everybody's supposed to know that except that when you go cross-culturing, I always show up everywhere early because I forget.
I forget. I forget.
Possibly early.
Right. I'm on time and I forget that's not done south of the border.
That's for namesure.
Add an hour at least to everything you get to know.
The September mama negra fiesta is supposedly a religious festival, although the actual reason behind it is still debated.
Some believe it is to celebrate the more exfulsion from Spain, while others, including me, this is written by Shady 80.
Believe it's held to recognize the astonishment of locals upon seeing black slaves for the first time, who have been brought by the Spanish to work in the nearby mines.
Personally, though, from experiencing the mama negra, I'm not quite sure where the religious aspect comes to the equation, especially considering the amount of booze on offer.
I have a feeling, though, if you were to find as much booze on offer at all religious festivals, you'd never be able to find any atheists.
In acute...
I'm both days at starting times. I'm both starting times. The festival starts in the same place.
Outside Iglesia de Lema said, on Cae Juan de Cebarilla, and oh, Rakietsu Berea's there.
And Cae sent his de or de Yana, or Yana.
From here, through different times, take different routes.
The morning parade is much shorter, more or less making its way directly to El Calvario, the concrete monument on the hill to the east of town.
And the afternoon parade takes longer. scenic route going down Cae Quito, and around Parque Vicente Leon, and back to Cae St. His de Oriano, toward El Calvario.
Oh, brother, you're writing all this down?
No. This is a vacation tip, man. Ecuador.
Is it?
No.
Al Acunga.
Excuse me?
For the mama negra.
I'll pass.
872. When I was at, you said that you love the Ecuadorians, man. They were lovely people.
Yeah, but I ain't going to slip on down there for them.
But so, we got plenty here. We got plenty Colombians in Ecuadorians, right?
Yeah. No, come on. Yeah.
Latinos in San Foder, you must be dreaming about.
What? What? What do we call them?
An English we say Latin.
Hispanics.
Okay, that too.
Mm-hmm.
Latinos is the Spanish word for Latin.
56670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular world is done.
It's been a singularly sensational day on the phone.
Oh, yeah.
But that guy disappeared though, the crazy guy. Well, I'm actually the crazy guy. I'm sorry.
You know what I'm talking about the new one.
He vanished. Maybe he gave up after three years.
Hence, or maybe they came with a butterfly and took him away.
Or maybe it was Roba Young and he just came back for a short time.
WDQYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
Can I go over there?
Okay, now the two of them, because that was the medley of our call right there.
Uh, they're in a feeding frenzy today.
Sure.
I can only imagine what they're feeding each other.
I can't go, but never to lose.
Oh, yeah.
A lot of it.
Fat.
Remember that Dwight Lauderdale clip?
Oh, yeah.
When they played the wrong guy.
Uh-huh.
That was one of the great moments in South Florida TV ever, ever.
I wonder if that's on you somewhere.
That would be a good thing for somebody to research.
Now, who was it that did that report?
Gail Bright.
Gail Bright.
Gail Bright.
Gail Not So Bright.
That's right.
Gail Not So Bright.
And it was a, you know, a piece on me on Channel 10 and on the show.
That's back in the day when we had an audience.
I have the video of that somewhere.
You do?
Yeah.
And they played a weird wrong clip on Channel 10 news.
It wasn't the wrong clip.
Gail, you didn't realize that's what you were saying.
No.
Did you have a conversation with her about it afterwards?
No.
Well, I did.
And what did she say?
She said that wasn't the wrong clip.
She just didn't realize that that's what you were saying until the report about her air.
Yes.
I see.
Well, go out of the way.
Look, in fact, it scared him almost white.
White.
Did.
Pamela's a ghost.
White Lauderdale.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I just want to let you know that I love your show and I should know because I am Jesus Christ.
Okay, great.
W.Q.A.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Crazy Line.
Can't do it.
I like the ones that are real.
Not just quite like the cleverest ones of all.
Oh my God.
They've got everyone to eat.
I guess it's a feeling of peace and tranquility when it happens.
Peace in the valley with Elvis.
Let's play all Elvis the rest of the time when you're with him.
Okay, let me know so I know when to call and stick.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
Come on, come on.
Well, if you weren't sick when you started, I guarantee you.
Oh yeah.
This name.
Listen to this, Pam.
Q.A.M.
It's 4.2562 A.M.
Peace.
Forth leader.
The U.
Yeah.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well, I ran into Lincoln.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
You want me insurance?
And to recall how it happened, well, it's...
The market still gives me change.
What a weirdo!
Followed my map of starhouses.
Yikes.
And was shocked to see.
Sitting on her front porch was Angelina Jolie.
Yala, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
When I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
When I saw her hesitate.
But the chloroquine started working then for her.
It was too late.
Put her in my car and roll the windows down.
Now she watched my queen and I made her crown.
Put the stupid crown off me.
And I've got Angelina Jolie in my basement.
I'm in the basement.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
And charge her red.
I can't rent.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I think I'm red as much.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie in my basement.
Wait, me?
I want him.
Watch gets her frantic.
Hold her romantic.
But I bet you'd give your lesson.
Hey, I'll thank you.
To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement.
And I'll press it.
I'll hurt my dog.
I'll do it, mister.
Don't hurt pressure.
I'll hurt your dog, mister.
It puts the dog in the basket.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, 131 at 560 WDQM.
It looks like we have a very, very non-existent
Ecuadorian audience out there.
When you think?
I know.
Don't you depress by that?
A little bit, yeah.
882 on your pool.
Maybe 18 votes in a half an hour to get to a 900.
I think we can do it.
We had a slow start.
And that's because we put this under the late last, whatever.
WDQAM, Malonega line.
Hello.
In Ecuador, this is Vesrum.
Vesrum.
Hello.
That is one of the worst flirts, man.
Now, that is the Jack Nicholson, right?
Right.
The Shining.
Oh, my God.
So bad.
Red rum.
Red rum.
Red rum.
It just didn't make any sense, you know?
Did it or is it?
It was it?
Well, I mean, there are things I wanted to know.
There are things I didn't.
We went to the whole movie just to get in that line.
Here's Johnny.
There are some lines.
There are some moments that could have been my better.
Not good.
Soft.
WDQAM, hello.
It puts Mama Negro.
WDQAM, hello.
Please listen carefully.
This is an important notice regarding your automobile.
We recently mailed your postcard to activate your extended warranty coverage.
Did you do it?
This courtesy call is your final notice that your vehicle will be removed from our system.
This means the opportunity to activate your extended warranty coverage
at deeply discounted rates will be lost.
You're failing.
WDQAM, hello.
I had a meal.
This is after-home service.
It's after-home service.
Oh, my God.
And that was it?
It was more than I wanted.
You know I have nothing to say.
What?
It's more than I wanted.
What do you mean by that?
Why do you dislike him?
I do know.
Have from home, instead.
Who?
He's an old-timer, man.
He's one of our old-timers.
But he ran us.
Maybe that's just what happened in Sanford.
You know, after all these years, they just ran out of crap to say.
Or maybe they just ran out of crap.
But I didn't-
That had a long time ago, but it didn't stop them from saying it.
Right.
56670560.
Come on, nominate me.
There must be somebody who knows something from that.
Seriously, okay?
Don't make any racial jokes on here.
You idiots.
And pound 560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
I don't think we have any Ecuadorans listening.
We ought to do a survey on that.
On our Hispanic audience.
All 20 of them.
Factority, man.
WDQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
I'm going to-
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Yo, it's B-25.
WDQAM, hello.
How tall is George?
WDQAM, hello.
He's all my make-of-one.
You know, actually, he sounds a little bit like-
You know, little-
And how the f***ing there-
Anyone out there, I think the code word is.
Yeah.
I mean, that's why he sounds like that.
WDQAM, hello.
Yo.
Yeah.
I'm Fred.
WDQAM, hello.
Wow.
Don't you wish we had like a-
No, no, I don't.
We could see it.
No.
Yeah, you know, I don't trust me.
I'm you.
No.
WDQAM, hello.
I love Com Brady.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah.
I'm Michael Dorean.
What do you need to know about my manager?
Well, tell us what it's all about.
I mean, I just read those two things out of the Internet,
but I'm sure you can make more interesting.
The volume right there, I didn't get to hear those things.
The manager is kind of a carnival party.
It's not enough for eight.
Like that festival they have in Brazil?
He's sort of, yeah, it's carnival.
It's Indian and African guy.
I got just as a lady.
And he painted his face back.
He uses very bright colors.
And they, they, it's done over there by Ayame, that's near Keto.
At the south side.
Well, they need to know.
That's about it.
So now they're just excuse to get drunk, right?
Yeah, yeah, before pretty much get a drunk.
It's the only thing.
Okay, much as gracias.
You're welcome.
My hair is vintage by.
How do you like that, man?
Ecuadorian color there.
All right.
Who says we don't have it, huh?
We got it.
I don't know.
I mean, we're trying to get rid of it.
Of course, I was open to Ecuadorian chick would call them.
Well, there you go.
You're such a racist pig man.
Racist, hot chick.
Sexist.
Whatever.
Okay.
Well, because I've had good results with Ecuadorian chicks.
Good results.
Well, I don't know.
I mean, they've all been hot.
They've all been hot.
They'll be like my son.
I've had good results with the German guys, you know.
I understand you have.
Good results.
That's not the way I think.
That's what you told me.
Eight, eighty seven on a pool.
Boy, you're just crawling along there.
I don't think you're going to do it.
We're going to do it.
You only got 24 minutes for 13 votes.
Now, we're nearly there.
That would be easy, but I don't know.
We're going to do it.
WQA M. Hello.
We have Shook for sub-unitle.
WQA M. Hello.
QA M. Hola.
QA M.
How would be all for president?
WQA M. Hello.
Remember what he's describing about the Saudis and the Russians?
Remember that?
The Saudi deal must stop now.
We want the Saudi, that was what they were screaming about.
That's right.
Are they yelling at Atlanta?
They're yelling at Atlanta?
They're yelling at Atlanta.
Big, big fat, booby-d-hit.
Yeah.
I don't want to say the T-word.
No, you can't.
We don't have any, oh yeah, maybe we do.
When he says, cut to it, Sally?
Yeah.
Robert Duval?
Uh...
Tom, can you give me your dog?
Room time, Satan.
Can't do it, Sally.
There he is.
Wow.
How do you guys do that?
That's like magic, man.
That's great.
That's great.
My magic won.
And there's Robert Duval.
And it's like that, oh, and all this business about the writer's strike.
I'm getting, I don't know about you, but I'm so sick and tired of this.
Oh, yeah.
You know, they actually wrote some of their own material.
Well, what the hell do you want them to go on here and sit there for three hours and stare into space?
And the golden gloves, who gives a flam?
I'm a channel surfing last night and CNN was carrying the reading of the results.
Mm-hmm.
During, of course, the time that Larry's usually on.
And so Larry has to, like, when at Parchean, what's your name, um...
Huh?
The one in the real Ogrean Beach.
Could you narrow it down?
Oh, you know, the skinny Ogrean from town that Mr. Ripley, the one I can't just stand.
What a paltrow.
No, no, no, the really Ogrean one.
Claire Danes?
No.
No, he played the wallflower.
It'll come to me.
I'm probably in a cape blindshoot.
That's it.
Leave it to me.
I had to do it.
I thought he's blanched.
So that was when I flipped over and I'm watching now, and the chick is reading the...
The nominees are in the winner's cape blindshadow, and Larry says,
Not...not a surprise.
Okay, let's go back to the golden gloves awards.
Not a surprise.
Who needs that?
There's so many damn award shows, which is all these people peeing all over each other on themselves.
Who now needs that?
The writer's strike.
And you know what?
Don's on me every time I hear about this.
Hm?
Are there any writers for radio talks or home?
No.
No.
Yeah, there are.
Just not this show.
What do you mean by that?
Howard has writers.
Howard has writers?
Yeah.
Not that they write it when he says anything else Robin?
Anything else that they write?
I think a battery writer has had to write that down for you.
The TVTACC is looking at Roger.
I heard.
4.560 QAM.
I think.
4.0.
Later.
I'm on the answer, won't you?
If anybody has a opinion.
The sending from our way.
We'll place your name into the system.
And send a me out the slave.
Don't even talk about your questions.
Just follow, and don't fail.
Everybody's finding madness.
Lasters, USA.
In the act of patriotism.
They're watching all of you.
Everyone's got the suspicion.
So much what you knew.
This has its formation.
And all you might learn.
You must choose.
In push for the landation.
Everyone, watch as USA.
You got it all right.
You got it, hate those Jews.
And citizens' divided rooms too.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state runs new.
Blood water, four cornflets.
Fill up your escalaries.
A roof and chainy bush venue, back as US lady.
We don't mind you see our God's goal, a wider time of his good.
We're fascinated by chain, Lord.
Back home, don't read no stupid books.
All the hour is within the tax of the rich and way.
Everybody's earning fiascies, fiasc USA.
Okay, now the reason I played that, and I remember early in the show that one old coot was giving me a song to dance about.
Oh, there's no one, no confessions and blah, blah, blah.
Remember that guy? Sure. I got to forget.
Wait till he hears this. Well, of course he won't hear it because he's busy listening to Son of his own composites voice.
National intelligence director Mike McComillus drawing up plans for a cyberspace spying that would make the current debate on more endless wiretaps look like a walk in the park.
According to an interview published in New Yorkers' Print Edition today.
The debate on the foreign intelligence surveillance act will be a walk in the park compared to this McComillus said, this is going to be a goat rope on the hill.
My prediction is that we're going to screw around with us until something horrendous happens.
The article which profiles the 65 year old former Admiral appointed by President Bush and Jan.
And way to oversee all of America's intelligence agencies was not published on the New Yorkers' website.
McComillus developing a cybersecurity policy still in the draft stage which will closely police internet activity.
And Georgia who's working with McConnell on the plan said that would mean giving the government the authority to examine the content of any email, file transfer or web search.
Google has records that could help in a cyber investigation. He said, Georgia warned me we have a saying in his business privacy and security are a zero sum game.
A zero sum game is one which in which gains by one side come out of the expense of the other.
In other words, McComillus aides believe greater security can only come at privacy's expense.
McConnell has been an advocate for computer network defense which is previously not been on the province of any intelligence agency.
According to a 2007 conversation in the oral office, McConnell told the President if the 9-11 perpetrators had focused on a single US bank through cyber attack and have been successful, it would have had an order of magnitude greater impact on the US economy.
First turn to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson asking if it was true, Paulson said that it was.
Is it true Michael? Is it true?
Bush then asked McConnell to come up with a network security strategy.
One proposal to McConnell's cyber security policy which is still in the draft stage is to reduce the access points between government computers and the Internet from 2050.
Right complains that he claims that cyber theft accounts for as much as $100 billion in annual losses to the American economy.
The real problem is the perpetrator doesn't care about stealing, he just wants to destroy.
The infrastructure to tap into Americans email and web search history may already be in place.
In November a former technician, AT&T alleged that the telecom forwarded virtually all of its Internet traffic into a secret room to facilitate government spying.
Whistleblower Mark Klein said that a copy of all Internet traffic passing over AT&T lines was copied into a locked room with the company San Francisco office to which only employees with national security agency clearance had access via a cable splitting device.
My job was to connect circuits into the split device which was hardwired of the secret room client said and effectively the splitter copied the entire data stream of those Internet cables into the secret room and we're talking about phone conversations, email web browsing, everything that goes across the Internet millions and millions of pieces of information.
How do you like that?
All right.
So the next time we're going to be starting to scan those porn sites you better watch it.
It's on you right now until Sam is watching. He might look like I'm better new to all the way down it.
How many, we got 905 on your poll. Nice going Chris.
Poser.
We had a slow start. That's because it was put on late on a Sunday on football Sunday no less.
And of course don't forget to QM every day is football. It's football Monday today and there will be football Tuesday.
And even when football season is over which is very soon a couple of weeks it'll still be football every day on QAM because we're building a wall of football.
That's Johnny Joe Bell. Maybe he's willing to wall of football. He's building it.
Can you believe it?
I believe it.
WQAM. Hello.
Is Jordan's head flat?
WQAM. Hello.
I wish QAM.
You're going to be the first woman.
WQAM. Hello.
FBI. Follow.
QAM. Hello.
Neil. Yeah.
No kidding. WQAM. Hello.
He's definitely a tough one to figure out.
Yeah, because he always thought Neil like that.
Now the guy he's a little tougher.
567 open. That was a raspberry by the way.
Don't get all bent out of shape now.
Joyce don't get all whipped up into a frenzy and start playing butch boss.
Although I think butch is the operator word.
And pound 560 on the president singular wireless line.
Never give that freebie line. Do I anyone in a line?
Why? Why I don't know. Too long.
Yeah. Too long. 187777560V45.
Who else is going to be? I can't remember that.
No, I don't remember it.
QAM. Hello.
You're following me.
QAM. Hello.
QAM. Hello.
Got it. Minamin me.
QAM. Hello.
Hola.
I'm in love with Prince Philip.
WQAM. Hello.
You just cut Charlene off. I can't pull.
WQAM. Hello.
I got wrong.
WQAM.
QAM. Hello.
I told you. Joseph's a homo.
WQAM. Hello.
I would love Tom Brady to sit on my face.
WQAM. Hello.
I have no cavities. I have no teeth.
Very weak. Very, very weak.
I have no cavities. I have no teeth.
You beat me to it. I was looking for you.
I have no cavities. I have no teeth.
You beat me to it. Good work.
Thanks. WQAM. Hello.
Neil.
Yeah.
He's got cocked on ship.
Sure. Yes.
The answer is yes. And unfortunately for you, we didn't get any.
But everybody knew that. He didn't have to say it.
Yeah. That's something we don't know.
WQAM. Hello.
WQAM. Hello.
WQAM. Hello.
Wow. Boy.
They got the phone in each other's.
Welcome.
Could you hear it?
I heard it.
I heard that grumbling man. It sounded like a darker shade of brown.
WQAM.
QAM. Hello.
Hello. Neil.
Yes.
How are you, sir?
OK. How are you?
Very good.
I got a real.
Are you like a real caller with actually something to say or just part of the parade?
I'm actually a real caller.
OK. Well, let's hear it.
I'm a long, long time listener.
A second time caller I called you about 10 years ago.
But also I wanted to do was agree with you that.
Like in every other world, the light television radio stages, they don't get the facts of the matter or.
Everybody likes the talent.
They don't care about what's the station you're watching.
It's all about who the guy is.
You are the man.
You are God.
Yes, I am.
Yes, you are, sir.
OK. Thank you so much.
Yes, sir.
Bye.
Why do you like that?
That was short and sweet little kiss-up job.
They were like that.
I could have said, soft job, but that would be bad.
And then Joyce might get, oh, I don't know about that.
I bet you do know about that, honey.
Or maybe not.
Or maybe not is right.
Maybe that's part of the problem.
That could be.
That would explain a lot.
It would explain a lot.
You know what?
Remember what Claire said Joyce has a problem with the...
Well, that's what it was saying.
With his name, some of those sounds.
He's not logic.
You don't know what I'm doing.
My 60 QAM.
I think.
For its leader.
Abouqa.
Abouqa.
Abouqa.
Abouqa rap.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
Make them scream nice loud.
Oh, right.
Get me some wires and a bad tree pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack.
She's the hero's.
Use you to the torture.
We're here.
We're here.
Just lame their game.
In the past.
It had to be worse with Saddam.
Who's saying?
I'll do it.
Now, once you've seen me.
The Indian you have seen.
And the black man did the tap.
Now let's talk.
I'll do it.
I'll do it.
Sit down on the front porch.
Hair down my back.
14 shivis.
Up on the jack.
I'll drink that beer.
Never get full.
All day long at the tractor pole.
Clans all home.
Everything's a buzz.
Saturday comes when I'm married my cousin.
He wants to have the wedding at the boat's heart of fame.
Got drunk last night.
Almost died at our NATO hit my double wife.
The names on my belt and I jumped your hand.
Sixteen dollars and thirty cents.
Go to the bank to get some bucks.
I won't take your wheels.
Oh my crew.
I need any money for my money in a scoring mind.
In light of no big and elegant house I'll hide with them.
I tailgate in my big fort to read them signs.
Baby aboard.
I hate them signs that make me nervous.
No shoes, no shirt, no service.
I love my battles.
I hate joking, Richard, pity and big heart, hoey.
The stinger on my bumper is a little bit.
I hate bling his junior park prayers for them.
That's the best talent.
You're home for Miami Dovens football.
Sports Radio 560 WQAM.
I have no cavities, I have no teeth, I have no lather, I have no pores again.
I have no penis.
