No person in this program will be pleased to have been stressed by the permission of WQAM
Bebe.
How about this?
Who he came, baby?
First, it's not the best of the best.
So, please.
Uh-huh.
What the hell is your voice, Ryan?
Let's have an inquisitive.
WQAM.
I am a For the Latter-Dale.
Feel God out!
WQAM.
Where the bag is.
All right.
The purpose of this campaign is to build from the future, not just to focus on 2008,
but to build alternative parties.
Build new democracy.
Uh-involve more people.
Here comes the another presidential climate figure.
Says that he's known as a mover and a figure.
We knew he could have taken it to the Western Iran later.
Hey, well, the leader.
Because I get things done, I've got a 40-year record here in Washington.
To big money and the closing down of Washington, again, citizen groups prevent us
from trying to improve our country.
I want everybody to have the right and opportunity to improve their country.
You lose your government, you've got to go into electoral room.
And many years, the consumer advocator, have we run in the race to defend and control theta?
Will they get the vote?
Will there be any takers?
Hey, well, the leader.
Oh.
Okay, it's 10 a 1, a Q.
Now let me ask you something.
What's the capacity in that new arena that they build on campus that they need?
Like a luching cup, like a holy man?
Josh?
Mm-hmm.
What's your capacity there?
How many is it hold?
You know what?
I be lying to you.
I just ran in here and I don't even know what you just said.
So ask me again.
We're good.
We had a little problem over in the other room.
And what problem was that?
He doesn't move fast though.
I got to say.
He'd be going to eat stuff and doughnuts down his pussy game.
What was the problem?
And he almost choked and died.
Yes.
So go ahead and ask me again.
And I'll give you an answer.
What's the capacity of the U of N basketball or whatever?
Oh, it's tiny man.
Like, I think tops like 7,000?
Oh.
Because they had 59.53 for that game last night.
Well, then that's 6.
That's fascinating.
I heard it was packed.
It was full house.
Really?
Yeah.
It's a little arena.
Maybe I'm underestimating the incredible amount of interest there is there.
You think?
Because I heard that call by Joe Zagaki and Clarence there.
Oh, you can't do that.
I mean, he is in coherent man, Zagaki, and even Clarence.
The most exciting thing in South Florida sports is going on in the hurricane basketball.
Oh, that's just...
Anyway, if you wonder why Josh Cortis is here today, it's because Chris is missing an awful lot of time, too.
I think I'm going to go on vacation tomorrow at noon.
If anybody don't like it, screw him.
You know what I mean?
The hell with that.
All these slafters, man.
Joe, Joe Rose, he works like a mad dog, a scage like whenever he feels like it.
Don't y'all.
Where is he today?
Are you big stars?
Let me see, is he back tomorrow?
Yeah, he's back tomorrow.
Well, thank God for that.
Not that we don't want the big O on there interviewing whatever the coach's name.
What's his name, Frank Hayth?
Yes.
Thirds are proud of me that I knew that?
Not really.
I knew Ron Fraser pretty well.
You know your sports.
Yeah.
Not that.
I don't basketball.
Oh.
All these seven foot freaks.
Oh, you're not getting ready for a little march, man.
I see the heat lost again.
The ride.
Stop!
I guess that's not a bulletin, huh?
No, they blow.
They suck.
Here's how our demon, this nomination, are going to go away, believe it they've been seated.
I'm going to beat that a bit a bit a month.
Maybe we'll get that election all over again.
Looks like it.
Because there's sure one thing nobody has been to sit still for.
Let me tell you right now, nobody is going to sit still except of course for the sworey backers.
And you know, there's our...
Governor sticking his nose into it.
He's a Republican Charlie for Christ's sakes.
And he's given a son of an aunt to go, oh, well everybody's the vote should count.
And I'm demanding it as a dog.
Well, what else he got to do with the Democratic primary anyway?
Jackass.
You screamer, gay.
God, just go away and Bill Nelson the same thing.
If that man has got a personality, it hasn't been discovered yet.
Bill Nelson, you ever seen him?
Yeah, he's like a turd on a chair.
Yeah, that's him.
He's a turd on a chair.
Bill Nelson.
First of all, he's like a dead man.
So anyway, Josh Cortes is with us today and I'm sure all those queens out there that got the hots for Josh will be all excited about that.
All right.
I can get his check in the mail that I sent on Monday.
I'm very upset with that, buddy.
Man, they don't go blame on me.
When you tell me it's the last minute, if you had told me last week, you'd have had it in your hand right now in the check, too.
Well, I didn't want to bug you.
What is wrong with you?
Well, first of all, I had to wait till March before I came in.
Why is that?
Because that's what I always do for a check, you see.
I don't want to come in at the end of February.
Oh, cut the crap.
Where you're pleased.
Cut the crap.
Well, I'll come in every month if you want.
No, absolutely not.
You can come in every day if you want.
I got this old money market account that doesn't function anymore.
It doesn't exist.
I got a bunch of checks from that.
I'll say you some checks off of that and you go try to cash them.
Put them in your bank and say, oh, let me write a check on it.
Anyway, here's a thanks from Jane and Deerfield.
Let's get down to the show and I'll get all whipped up just because Chris is out again with a fan.
Well, what is it?
What is drugs and painkillers and his teeth?
What's he got?
He's got a fever.
He said he was up all night with a fever.
I mean, he didn't have the root canal thing going on.
I don't know if one has something to do with the other.
He might have had a bad reaction to the bike.
I had a good reaction to it.
Oh, were you stopped peddling your drugs on?
What are you doing?
What is this?
What is this?
A freaking drug show?
It ought to be.
Hey, he had all of them.
My last man does this promote drugs and illicit sex, which is why I enjoy having them.
That's illicit drugs and so on.
Get it right.
Well, drugs and illicit sex when you're a reveried man with two kids.
No, it's very illicit.
Yeah.
Is it?
So is.
Yeah, I bet it is.
What a pervert.
Yeah.
Jane and I used to be one back when I remember what it was all about.
I like to be one again, but I don't think I think it's too old to me.
Jane and Deerfield says, what's that website you're reading about South Florida?
I wish I knew, Jane.
I guess there's some people asking about that.
The best is if you Google Don Boyd, B-O-I-D, like a tugboid.
Was that his name, tugboid?
Yeah, a cliff boy, tugboid at the Rockingham Park.
Don Boyd, and also William Boyd, who was hopp-aloncancidied.
And you know that?
No, you did not.
I did not.
William Boyd.
And then all galleries, memories of Old Hylia, Old Miami, Old South Florida, and then it's got photo galleries.
He's got all kinds of stuff.
But Don Boyd, that's the key to finding this crap.
It's got all the stuff about Old Miami and Old Hylia and Old King Cole.
So anyway, Jane, that's the word that I'm sorry I don't have a specific website for.
She says I was born in Miami in 1962.
My family moved to Oakland Park in 68.
I remember most of the stuff you're talking about.
The restaurants, my husband worked at the Prince Hamlet.
The TV personalities, Ralph Redneck and Jane Chastain.
I remember my sister taking me on the buses all over Miami.
We never locked our doors in North Miami.
We'd better do it now.
My aunt lived in Miami Beach and we'd go there for Sunday dinner.
I remember the hotels like the Castaways and the Rascal House.
I can still remember my sister getting in trouble for going to the 68 Republican Convention.
Miami Beach to protest.
She missed Sunday dinner and my parents were peeled.
I remember that Johnny and that commercial.
My dad used to say Johnny and Mack by the railroad track.
Once you go across, you never come back.
You don't remember Johnny and Mack by the railroad track?
Sure don't.
Oh, sorry.
Josh don't.
Yeah.
Well, Johnny don't remember any of these things.
No, I'm into the Rascal House a few times.
I knew that.
I knew that was a reason that you were like.
I used to hang out in Holland to the day.
Yeah, he used to hang out in Holland.
What a place to hang out.
He's totally nuts.
He's actually staying out in Holland.
Look what happened to him.
I guess the two you went in different directions.
Anyway, Jane says South Florida's really changed.
It was almost small town.
Now it's a major metropolitan area.
Oh yeah, Jane.
Some may think it's great the way it is.
But if you knew what it was like before, you know what's missing.
But as they say, change is the only constant.
Thanks Jane.
Have a wonderful day.
Don Boyd, B-O-I-D.
That's where you're going to find all kinds of thousands of pages of all these old pictures.
Here's a picture in 1965 of the Royal Castle of 2700 North West 79th Street in Miami.
And behind it there's a public.
I can just see the pee from the publics.
And there's a bus bench that says sugar tree.
Oh sugar, oh no, sugar free it says.
Sugar free?
Sugar free what?
Sugar free whatever.
Sugar free bus bench?
Okay.
I don't know if it's a bus.
I'm what that thing is.
I don't know.
But anyway, there's the Royal Castle that's square building with a white-deb boring sign, you know.
I sure like to know when Wayne Arnold is going to open up again.
He can call us in.
Of course we can't take any calls.
Well, we could, but I can't here.
Because my internet's got all screwed up a couple days ago.
Thank God I didn't try to hook it up again.
I got my internet over here on the right that I need.
And then that phone thing.
I don't want the phone thing.
See, maybe I was psychic.
Maybe I knew I wasn't going to be taking any calls.
Maybe I knew the internet thing was going to fall apart.
That's why I stopped taking calls.
I don't know.
One of them.
Maybe I do.
Maybe I don't want to.
Moses was high on drugs, speaking of George, when he received the Ten Commandments from God and Mount Sinai.
Atop Jewish academic has claimed.
Oh!
Really?
He was stoned.
You had to be to come up with that crap.
Dug him up and analyze the body.
He analyzed it.
Professor Benny Shannon said it was likely that stories in the Bible's Old Testament were records of visions brought on by hallucinogenic plants similar to a modern day acid trip.
Sweet.
Moses was on an acid trip.
The psychology dawn at Jerusalem's Hebrew University says the Bible story suggests ancient Israelites regarded psychoactive plants in high esteem.
The psychology dawn.
What does that mean?
Like dawn, Corleone?
What is that called?
The psychology dawn.
Professor Shannon thinks Moses got high on a drink called Ayahuasca.
Ayahuasca.
Ayahuasca.
Ayahuasca.
Ayahuasca.
Ayahuasca.
Ayahuasca.
Just like the eight important plants that grow in southern Israel.
He said they constitute the key ingredients of one of the most powerful psychedelic substances and existence.
The professor's theory came after he tried the drink which was still used in religious rituals by the Amazons and he had similar visions.
He claims five events in Moses' life were inspired by the drug including the Ten Commandments and the Burning Bush Miracle.
Oh.
The Burning Bush, my ass.
We had a thousand twenty-seven votes on yesterday's poll.
I've changed it already for it because we don't want to keep no stale poll on there like footy does. Oh my god.
You ever hear he's shown by the way, Josh?
No.
What were you laughing about?
I heard it as Kenny and footy on Y100.
No, no, I'm talking about his show now.
His talk show and I would definitely not with the same poll every day about what's the best pizza for like six months and now what's the best hamburger pizza for ten months?
Oh my god, footy.
You're stale than last year's MOTSA man.
You're pathetic.
Duff said it's the worst show in history radio.
That's what MOTSA said.
Yesterday we asked which out of business restaurant you missed the most.
Had a good time with that poll.
Some of you people didn't like it.
That's too bad.
Probably Joshua would like it because he invented none of these plays.
And your rascals pose the next month.
I know.
Yeah.
What do you know?
You're a rascal.
You're going to do now Mr. Smarty soiled pants.
What do you mean it already closed the one I went to?
The rascal house?
The only one.
Then it's no longer there.
It's already closed?
It's been closed for a long time.
It closed when I was working on your show.
Get out of here.
The rascal house?
Yeah.
I'm going to Google that.
I'm going to look at it now.
And I'm going to have to kiss them.
We should have hand them on this poll.
Too bad.
Anyway, Lums 121 Lums.
Sizzler 100.
Taco V even 94 with that great squeeze cheese man.
Squeeze it.
Just like Joshua Edmund's Pupik.
43.
You say Charlie 54.
Burton Jax 50.
And William and Oyster house 42.
The black Anus 41.
Wags 35.
I loved wags.
Oh God.
Ranch house 35.
Puprenix 33.
Sambo 31.
Corkeys 29.
Oh my goodness.
Those great potato lockers to die for.
I would kill for those man.
Boy Jangles 24.
Monero's 23 with that great Gorgonzola salad.
And you must have had a Monero's because that was Halendale.
No.
Josh?
No.
No.
Public from the Ford.
Mr. Coney Island 22.
Walsh 22.
The unicorn 18.
Vito's Pizza 16.
Joe Sankins Gold Coast 15.
Still never heard of it.
The clock 14.
The studio 14.
Rudy's 11.
Monks 11.
The Earth's Day House 11.
Size River Gate 8.
Luther's Bobby Q7.
The Sizzler 7.
Not the Sizzler, the Sizzling.
Figure O7, Neal 7.
Paid in horse 6, sport in sporting broo 6.
Villa Villadelli 6.
That was a great placement.
All the old Jews though used to buy their stuff that they all died.
Rocky Rossiani 6.
Mary's 5.
Prince Hamlet 5.
Piccolo's 5.
Gigi's 4.
Hungarian Charter 4.
Tyler's 3.
And the turf pub's Solomente Do's 5.
What's your biggest name?
I'll send it out.
Tiro is no Roger's 4.
24.
562 AM.
And the sports leader.
And now.
He's throwing the chicken in the back.
Peter Parklestein was just an ordinary Yashiva student.
Until what paid full day.
Out, watch these some kind of radioactive spider.
What am I over here?
Little Miss Mockett?
Indeed, it was no ordinary spider.
And he is no ordinary superhero.
He is Spider-Man!
You want I should shoot spider webs out of my wrists?
Hey, for 114 million, opening weekend.
I shoot the built-in fish out of my plants.
Spider-Man, Dylan scare him.
Women desire him.
I, Spider-Man, I love you, too.
Well, thank you, I got it wholesale.
You're too free-passed, Pike.
Yeah, I know a guy.
Spider-Man, instilling guilt in the hearts of evil doers.
Go ahead, take over the world.
I'm sure you're making your whole mother very proud.
Spider-Man, now showing in theaters everywhere.
I budget kill you to go see it one time, even.
Ten, eighteen, at five, sixty, WDQM, we got the jerk show.
It dudes the DA show for the seven-oh-mad dog.
Did he eat an old little dog?
No, mad dog.
What kind of a schedule is this?
Hmm.
Hurricane Hotline with the Rantzkeller at seven, Dalthazalt, Assis.
With the high school gridiron report, John, uh,
what's his name, John Lindor and Larry Bluestein at nine?
And then the Beast end of midnight.
Now, I hate to say that Josh Cordis is full of crap, but you know what, Jack?
What's that?
You're full of crap.
I just printed this out from the internet.
It was posted February 27th, 2008, which is just a few days ago, like we last week.
Okay.
Rantzkeller has to close in April for real, it says.
I already talked about this a couple days ago.
Okay, why does it take for real?
Because they closed before?
Can I read it to you?
Please do.
You're such a hard-ass.
No wonder that Russian chick hates you like poison.
It does not.
He still likes it.
He likes it, but he don't like you.
He puts his name.
Hey, that's a problem.
Awful.
No, nothing wrong with that.
Oh, I'm not knocking it.
Stop trying to talk to me.
Here's a hanky.
Well, the news is in and it ain't good, it says.
All hopes were raised after that a plunging condo market would stop the closure of Mimey's
famous Ratskyl House.
It appears that the Grand Delia Sonny Alzes run out of lives.
According to the South Florida business journal, it will remain open until the start of April,
and then the doors will be shuttered forever.
It's open right now.
So where you come up with this crap a lot, it's been closed for a long time.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm not buying it.
I'm not selling it.
I saw it.
Closed.
I saw it.
In my own eye.
The restaurant at 171.90 Collins Avenue notified the state it would lay off 97 employees
between April 4th and April 16th.
A spokeswoman for Jerry's famous deli, the studio city California-based company that owns
Ratskyl House Epicure Market in Bakery, and its namesake restaurant said the company's
notified employees it would absorb as many into other restaurants as it could.
Sad times it says we tried with our petition, and I appreciate all your efforts.
This is some guy that tried to petition to save the deli.
Now all I've left to do is head down there for one of my stace to float as grand as deli,
and the last outlet of Wolfie Cones Beachfront Empire.
This was one deli that we couldn't save.
Jerry's famous deli had it in for the Ratskyl House for some years now, and it seems that
the little was going to prevent its ultimate demise as my friend Ziggy would say it's a real
shonda.
I remember that song by the Beach Boys, helped me shonda?
Sure.
Well, and then there's some comments here.
So, you know, we'll find out, I guess.
I mean, they've got their website as functioning with the menu and the whole thing, and it's
even got a number to call for a takeout.
Listen, I'm glad I don't like the place, okay?
Let me just...
Oh, but you eat in there several times.
Well, it's first of all, it's open to like all hours, so that's why that's the only time I've eaten there in the middle of the night.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But it's about $1 for a turkey sandwich.
I mean, it's ridiculous.
You try, we're gonna have to buzz down 16 point that ain't good, and the dollars in the toilet again.
$106 of barrel gas is gonna be 50 bucks a gallon.
Thank you, Mr. President, you bastard you.
You know, I came when he was tap dancing yesterday while I was waiting for John McCain while he was cooling his heels there,
and he started to do a little tap dance.
What a jackass.
All right, let me try one other one here for you.
This is from the South Florida business journal, okay?
Maybe you'll believe them.
Maybe they're gonna have more credibility than some guy that was running a petition drive to save the Rancels.
The old Rancels, as in...
Oh!
Sonny should be your worst problem, okay?
So I spilled some orange juice on your nice new pants.
Big deal.
Big mitsia.
What a place, man.
In fact, I should have a party in my pants that they're gonna close down.
That place...
Talk about overrated.
Talk about a state of mind.
We ought to do a poll on that.
Well, we ever done that, I guess so.
The biggest state of mind?
Yeah.
State of mind.
Like the Rancels host doing it again.
Yes, we have.
Wolfy Cohn's Rancels House in Miami Beach to close in April says the South Florida business journal dated February 1st, 2008.
The restaurant at 171.90 Collins Avenue notified the state of the layout of 97 employees between April 4 and 16.
A spokeswoman for Jerry's.
This is the same thing.
Jerry's has a location on Collins Avenue, Miami Beach.
Epicure market is on Alt and Road in Miami Beach.
It recently signed a lease to open a marketplace and a restaurant in Off-Brickle, a mixed-use complex plan for downtown Miami, two blocks west of Birklaven.
It was struck we had earlier was that they were turning the Rancels House into an Epicure market.
Isn't that correct, George?
Yes, it is.
Yes, it is.
Well.
So we need to find out when the closure on is...
I think one of the ways to do it now, we can probably...
You could take some calls.
Not on the air.
I'm just saying off the air, maybe people can call them.
I'm telling you if the Rancels House is really open or closed.
You want to do that?
Where's Chris?
Well, no need.
Where's that Chris?
Where's nice compliant, malleable Chris?
Yeah.
Where's that, the turn on a chair, Chris?
Instead we got this lazy ass...
Where's my check?
Oh, I don't want to pick it up.
lazy ass, that's me.
Listen, you want an answer, though?
lazy ass, go ahead and call it.
Go ahead and call it.
Go ahead and call it.
Oh!
Yeah.
Anyway, so what's the story?
You can find out from the audience here.
I'll pick up the phone, man.
I know what I'm getting.
Hi!
I like playing around.
No, you're not.
Those people don't call for you.
You can't hide.
You just move on.
That's all.
Nice to share.
56670560.560.
I'm a Verizon singular line.
Call off for Josh.
Tell him, give him a Rancel House report.
What's so funny about that?
Rancel, man.
I know.
Josh would make me funny.
Maybe asking to do a little bit of work.
I understand.
He wasn't private on this today.
Yeah.
I thought I was coming in here.
It's going to be full like a minute.
Wait a minute.
People are going to go on the road.
Hi, Iron.
Are you getting any calls?
Yes, I am.
Well, answer him, Schmuck.
Look, calm down.
I'm getting it.
Okay, here I got to put the headset on.
Just talk to the people out there, not on the air.
Just talk to them off the air.
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to?
I figure I'm asking that because a lot of people are planning their spring and summer vacations
now like me, which I'm leaving tomorrow at noon, whether anybody likes it or not.
But why?
For the same reason that Joe Rose didn't work today, because I don't want, okay, I got
to play in the catch.
I don't know what his story was.
God.
We got so many.
This is a thing in my normal man.
Do they only work for 40 days a year?
I know I got that real, kush summer schedule, which is in my contract.
I've had it for years now.
But the rest of the year, I'm here, you know?
Oh, he's taking off and no one what's going on with him.
Is he like sticking it to us?
Yeah, stick this.
What a bunch of overgrown children.
That's what you get when you get a bunch of sports nerds, overgrown children.
What city or country do you want to visit you've never been to?
Rome, 36, good choice, Amsterdam, 21, better get their fast before they close everything down.
China, 16, Vancouver, 15.
Havana, 11, Paris, 10, Berlin, 9, Brazil, 8, Israel, 7, Spain, 7, San Francisco, 6, Toronto, 4, Sweden, 4, Boston, 4, the Bahamas, 3, Mon.
Copenhagen, 3, Colombia, 2, New Aviva, to Colombia.
I want to see those Colombian people.
When in Colombia, do the Colombians.
They sure are pretty.
I'm going to tell you who's real pretty, man.
Okay, Asians.
Not all of them, of course, they're different.
They're different kind of a lucky Italy.
There are different kinds of Italian looks.
There's like with the big nose, a guido look, you know?
Sure.
Okay, can I confess now or is that what you're waiting for?
No, I'm waiting for the real answer.
The real answer is that it's open, apparently.
You're a schmuck, man.
I'm not a schmuck.
Let me tell you something.
You're a schmuck.
I'm not telling you something.
They ran into the red bottle, and they made me something.
Because I went by there, and it looked like it was closed to me.
Okay?
It looked like it was closed, yeah.
Yeah, that's right.
And one guy told me that it got hit real bad for the hurricanes.
So maybe they handed it by the hurricanes,
so they ran into something.
Either way, they were closed temporarily.
I thank you.
Okay, well, I'm right by there.
They're open.
See, it's not good to go on here and say that somebody is closed
when they're like on their dying gas for crime or love.
But let people who are here enjoy that overpriced wreck.
Columbia 3, Copenhagen 3, New York 2, Chicago 1, Mexico and LA don't have any.
I don't want any.
Well, what's the difference between Mexico and LA?
Few miles.
I don't think so.
Not anymore.
Or China and LA, my God.
Last time I was in LA all on, like, what the hell was the street I was on?
One of the main drags.
And like, most of the signs were like in, I don't know whether it's Vietnamese or Chinese
or Japanese or Nipinese.
I don't know what it is.
But I'll tell you one thing, man, those Chinese people.
Man, they have internet like that.
You don't see too many Chinese people with zits, for example.
Nope.
You ever think about that?
You're right.
Like Scandinavians, you don't see too many Swedish people with zits.
Or like Danish people with zits.
And that's probably because they don't need too much Danish.
Although sometimes it might not be a bad idea though.
Some were for sale.
Best out here is no logic.
Just 4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Hello, I'm Song.
And I'm Harry.
Here to tell you about a special place.
Just a short little job.
A New York is the Pokemon.
Let's go.
That's where I wanna go.
Forget about me.
I'm it all.
Hey, was that in the Pokemon?
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I'm it all.
I don't.
Don't forget.
Don't forget me.-
I don't.
Don't forget me.-
and antagonist Brandon has all been out of shape for Josh as he figures oh boy
He said you an a hole
Okay, and he says next time you send him a check instead of putting a check in the envelope put a letter that just says F off
Wow, why are you giving money? Why do you support his dog and his drinking?
Good question. I said because I'm a schmuck
He does a great job of those bedtime stories on our website. That's right Brandon. So you F off
He's like 50 a day and they better damn well all be on there
Style does it yeah, is he like me or something? Is the gay kid? What's the name? He's a guy?
He's jealous. Oh, oh, oh, oh
He's so sorry. He doesn't like you in anyway, you know, you've got this real. I'm a one is an ego. He I have an ego
He is a certain I work with people on his building that have an ego
I straight guys man. You think that every fang wants you
Do you know and of course there are a few of my interview?
Well if I had Josh's girlfriend, I'd have an ego too. I don't have an ego and I've never been hit on by a gay man
So I don't know I don't think the gay man, you know, just notice
Have you ever spoken to a gay man?
He's speaking to one right now
Who I'm interested
From that at least five from that is a gay. Even in the least bit. Yeah, thank you. Good
Can we go back and look at this pool and get this thing going today? Oh, it's the way you know my glasses
It's gonna take a week they had a order the temple. All right, you're right. It is it's called a temple
I hate I didn't know I didn't know I've been a fish. I bought the glasses and believe me the guy
The guy that took care of me so to speak he was as hot as blazes. I got from Ollie
Anyway, so he you know, I looked around he's to see if they had another one these earpieces or temple
Whatever they call me don't so we had order it'll take a week 120 bucks
120 bucks for a temple and
Look how far off it is before the holidays for Christ's 120 bucks, but anyway, I can handle it
So it's a good thing I had like two spare period, you know it?
Good message for all of you people out there with glasses always have a spare pair or just wear contacts
I can't wear them. I hate him. I don't like oh, I don't like him
Yeah, I don't see how it's done
No, I don't know what's going on
Then they get smudged up. Oh, gee glasses get smudged up. You take them off and you I like them a little wipe, you know
You got him a little smear
Let's see your country you want to visit that you've never been to wrong 41. Oh, you got to go to Rome the food the best in the world
bar none
Anybody that tells you anybody who's got the tell your restaurant believe me there's some good ones in town
Yeah, but if they tell you the food is just like an Italy tell their full of crap
There is no chance none zero
It just doesn't happen the reason being that Italy you know that everything is so old there and the soil is so rich with all the nutrients
You know so the produce is unbelievable
They don't have to spray the tomatoes to make them red, you know what they like they do in the States
They take green tomatoes and they spray them and make them red. Okay, you know I'm saying mm-hmm
Rome 41 no, you don't Amsterdam 28 Havana 19
Van Cooper 17 China 17. I don't want to go there man. Everything's got disease
Although I do like the Chinese but I like the Chinese Canadians man
Boy talk about and I was starting to say before about the real smooth complex
You know and the real smooth hairless bodies even the girl girls
Yeah, Paris 15
15 Berlin 12 Brazil 9 Israel 7 Spano like Harry Spain 7 Sweden 7 New Zealand 6
San Francisco 6 Toronto 5 8
State of Hollywood here Boston 5 Copenhagen 4 Bahamas 3 Columbia 3
Chicago 3 New York 2 LA 1 and of course the reason that some of these are not getting too many votes is because everybody's been there like New York
Come and give me a break even Georgia's been in New York and Josh right both
LA 1 and Mexico and none nobody wants to go to Mexico. Wow
Bet your pocket would be too happy to hear that he did the way go there either what he taught you right you know, but
Robert Lee Graffa is that his name or graph? This is a little butchered up there. Come on Sean. You can do better than this
Robert Lee Graff pastor at Charlotte Lutheran Church
Was arrested Tuesday evening this week after police say tried to solicit the solicit officer posing as a male prostitute in your park
Or a park road park in Charlotte North Carolina
Robert Lee Graffa was arrested right near the park around 5 p.m. The park is a little less than three miles from his church
St. Luke's Lutheran Church, which is also on park road. I was not interested. We were just talking about park road yesterday
weren't we about yes, we were Hollywood though. It was all it is in a mall anymore
Well, it used to be long before your time Mr. Dunderdacks stunder back whatever it is good stuff man. Oh
Charlotte, Nickland, Berkeley, spokesman officer Hassan Peterson Hassan sounds like a terrorist to me
City was unsure whether police were conducting a sting operation or if anyone else was charged Tuesday night
Graphically charged with soliciting for crime against nature
Booked a crime against nature
Booked into Mechland, Bergjala, and released without a written promise to appear
Calls to the church and emails sent to Graffa are not returned Wednesday night. This home phone number is un
listed
Un listed
So do we find out where Joe Rose was this morning? I did not. Oh, why don't we ask somebody? All right. Oh well
I'm sorry. I mean it's not my business. I don't mess around with him
And I like him just fine. He's a good guy and he's a great lead in and all that other stuff
But he went I'm jury duty for like about 75 days and I was covering for him and D.A. had a come-come and cover a couple of days
Everybody was covered his ugly old ass
And I like just out of the blue. Oh, he's not working and neither is a mad dog no dogs today, baby
Remember that song by a hermins vermin no dogs today. Mm-hmm. The kitty cats gone away something like that
Oh look at this thank you mr. President the dollars plunge continued out of a day today
Striking record lows after the European Central Bank kept its benchmark rate on a hold and the US released another batch of
Dauer economic reports there dower and sour
The euro fits the record 153 and a half in European morning trading before I'm back to 153 and a quarter the
Now it doesn't make any sense
A center of record of 153.02 against the European currency yesterday before easing back to 152.62 in other words over a buck and a half
Meanwhile the British pound broke through two dollars again after the bank of England also decided to keep its refinancing rate on change
It's five and a quarter the British pound traded the size two dollars and 33
Thousands of a cent before falling back to two dollars and a little over two bucks
I wonder what that Canadian dollar is right now boy. That's killing me killing me mr. Bush you're killing everybody
You killed the whole world you crazy bastard you
By the way, Joe Rose uh Joe Rose just had a personal day had that an event with his daughter or something
An event with his daughter
That's right. What does that mean like graduation?
His daughter had some sort of event that he attended
Like what do they call it?
Who does? Look at that school play hour for it
A hundred one of my cents a hundred four dollars and fifty nine cents for a barrel of oil down from a hundred and six bucks yesterday
What a bargain?
Let's go out in the roll out the barrel, baby
101.56 on the loony and the euro 153 and a half. Oh my god
All you people that are voting on the pool that they want to go to Europe forget it nobody can afford to go there or anywhere
Thank you
One bright beautiful Sunday morning everyone in tiny Jones town wakes up early and goes to their local church
Before services begin the towns people sit in their pews and talk about their lives and their families
Suddenly at the altar Satan appears
Everyone begins screaming and running for the front entrance trampling one another in their determined efforts to get away from evil
Incarnate
Soon everyone is evacuated from the church except for Louis who sits calmly in his pew seemingly oblivious to the fact that God's ultimate enemy is in his presence
This confuses Satan who walks up to Louis and says hey don't you know who I am?
And Louis replies well sure I do
Satan says well aren't you afraid of me
And the man says no I not
Proctor Satan says and why aren't you afraid of me?
Who he tells him well? I've been married to your sister for 25 years
Paul Harvey good day
Good day 14 before 11 at 560 W if you have so I'll tell you one thing when Josh is filling here for Chris who's out sick and awful out lately
Um, it basically boils down into do they hate Josh Curtis or love him show
Who's in the way she like poison he says he thinks he's hot Schmidt nothing had about him. He's colder than frozen fish sticks
I'm so glad he said
Colder than frozen fish sticks any positive post stories on a website
I ran my own website for years in high school. It's not complicated. He's milking you for money
It's hard taking a sweet accident because the art of cutting a story for one place and pacing it someplace else is not as scientific as he makes it out to be
A guarantee puts more effort in wiping his ass thing does post him those stories
I understand he doesn't put any effort in there. Let me ask you do put more effort in the wiping your ass than posting the stories on our website
Uh, no
My movie ought to start maybe I should
What's this kid's deal like what why is he hates you?
He has a terrible life or something. Yes. No, he's a
idea of what I understand. He's the manager in his orifice and he's a good guy. I don't know
Just doesn't like you. I don't I don't remember when this all started
It had something to do with about I mean like what's going on?
He's like the first day or something. Don't you remember that what's that?
Yeah, that was the show that I missed so I don't even understand what what happened between them
It was a thing about having sex on the first date. Oh, you want to take her home to mom all that other crap
You know was Josh's position or that issue? Yeah, his position was prone
Authorities are searching for a man on a bicycle is a possible suspect and they bombing the data military recruiting station time square
The blast around 345 this morning caused no injuries. It was an accident, but nobody got hurt
FBI spokesman Jim Argole and told CNN authorities have a description of a possible suspect a man wearing a hooded guard
And the government is riding a bicycle near the recruiting station
The FBI said the FBI New York Joint Terrorism Task Forces on the scene working with New York police
Actually, the incident the Army sent an alert to 1600 50 Army recruiting stations across the country
And the blast is similar to other incidents in New York one in October one in May 2005
The rascals are still open by the way
rascals is still alive and still open and they're going to become a big
Archie party epicure market in April or gonna start the rebuilding and redoing whatever it's open
Don't let Josh quarters
Change your mind from that. What was the sandwich? Oh patty-melt
What about her? I wanted to patty-melt for lunch yesterday. I went to
The deli here didn't have one. They had a rubin, which I didn't have that I had the meatloaf and sucked very dry
Dry, there's nothing worse than dry meatloaf. Oh fat. Not good
That's in broccoli soup though. It's pretty good
Went through me like an atomic bomb. I told you that's worried, man. I just I just
I made the right move. I was in a walk home
I was gonna walk down to the teabum at the end of the hot time
I better hit that hit the and I walk in there and and I was it was funny because I was thinking in my mind
Yeah, I hope that the stalls aren't awful and it's of the public teabum there's four stalls
Nobody was tapping their foot thank God because they'd have really been there in a long time and all the four doors were closed
I thought oh, and I'm never gonna make this now
Then I'm kind of like standing there hunched against the wall waiting for somebody to come out because I had a hunch. I wasn't gonna make it
And then I decided well, I better look and make sure there's somebody and in the second one
I looked and there was nobody in there the door was closed, but there was nobody in there and
Man, I just made it within a whisker of a disaster in my pantaloonies
When you get to be old like me man, you have to start thinking about maybe a bag would be good all right
Maybe those are a long jeer end of the ocean garments
This time it's oh this isn't some old stuff somebody sent me this on on the Amai space
May 22nd 1983 from the Harold and we're in the conjunction with the show. We did yesterday
I thought that was some good memories in some bad ones
It says this time its lambs number one the hot dog stand where the 400 restaurant chain got its humble start 26 years ago
Another Miami Beach landmark restaurant is closing
May 83
That's what I was born have
Well, there you go seeing it closed lums because you I think Brandon's got a good point
Maybe they wanted to steam your a wiener and beer
Ha, but unlike the closing of two other landmarks the Concord cafeteria and puppernix in last month
The end of lums on 41st Street is not symbolic of the city's decline
It says lums closing marks the fall of a fairy tale business empire that last September a filed for bankruptcy and now try to reorganize
Lums
What do we do steam?
Someone's wiener and beer. Yeah, do you sour crowd or that an option?
I mean, I like it but a lot of people don't I got news for you. He's got plenty of beer to steam you know guarantee of that
It's a sentimental disappointment for us to close it said Michael terminovid Jr director operations for the Miami-based chain
He said the leases expired on 41st Street the landlord wants to raise the rent
Lums number one was where the company started what began never knew that did you?
Nope, and became what it is today to and over said what we're trying not to dwell in the past we feel we're over our mistakes and definitely on the road is success
Right. Oh, yeah, here we are 25 years later. Obviously they were on the road to success
Lums number one hardly looks like the birthplace of a giant in the restaurant business during a recent lunch time two elderly women's
Out of the counter sipping cores two teenagers played video games on an average day the ever smiling manager was an
Erosy the restaurant sells 10 sandwiches during 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. shift at the same time. She sells about 50 beers
Public Josh is kind of place
She serves a small menu just sandwiches sour crowd and olive burgers no fries no salads no hot meals
This is not your regular Lums the customer Charlie Martin manager the nearby union soda six gas station
He's come to Lums every working day for nine years. How do you like that?
People fight out there's not a salad barn walk out Martin said this is a place to sit down and get a beer
There's no place else on this street. Where was it?
Oh, on 41st Street. Wow
It's a long thin establishment of 461 41st Street squeeze between a swim shot soup and Mike cigars swim shot
swimsuit shop
And Mike cigar remember them should do outside of bronze plaque that says historic markers embedded on the sidewalk
Over two decades ago the first Lums restaurant opened on this site the marker said the restaurant was open in
1950 by Burnett Carvin who died two weeks ago in Broward County two weeks ago in 83
Carvin sold in 56 to the Pearlman Brothers Stewart and Clifford to accord the Lums legend
Parley the hot dog stand into an nationwide restaurant chain
The Pearlman sold the chain and said he wanted John live brown order the Kentucky fried chicken chain and our governor
Kentucky at 83 the Lums chain along with international house of flakes another restaurant chains with purchase and so to date by
German restaurant maggot Fredrick John
It's really a shame their closeness at Larry Alper was family owns the Lums building until four years ago
Used to be filled with customers and now bye bye
And there's that one on Davy Road extension you better get there before they close down, okay?
I wonder if they got what they got them should they got the Ali Burger in the
And I know he's he told you you were just doing it out of your mind because you didn't like him because he bugged you
Who members Scott Pearlman from Atlantic City subs? Oh what a annoying guy
That was one of those Pearlmans was his dad his parents his parents were watching all the other things you didn't inherit it
Allas good allas good and then here's a guy that never ever I guess finally they bought a couple of spots cuz I'm burst him into it
Right now they used to bring us those sandwiches which was nice those fat filled sandwiches. They were very good
But he was just a nudge man and he felt like some sense of entadlement like
You know at least ponytail he used to hold the show but at least he spent a lot of money on the show for a million years
for the wholesale department pissed him off
But this guy he he brings in a menu for new years for their party platters for the new years
And like like I'm supposed to read a spot if I touch him remember he wrote a spot he wrote a spot out for me to read not a paid spot
And you know I thought to myself about him
Boy that you have a lot of cut spot yeah
And didn't you tell me he got out of that thing that there's somebody else that now yes no it's gone now, but yeah
It's gone it's gone
Oh and speaking again today in an hour we got the hour and six minutes we got our end in the audio
Our oceans two three four which by the way pd Lenny I hate to break it the news to you but because we got no traffic person the spots are in the wrong place
It it's all screwed up it just you know
But we're making and we're cutting out a lot of positions man
I think we ought to eliminate the position of manager and program director that would be a great start
263 votes on the pool lots of city or country that you want to visit that you've never been to
Rome 53
Aroma you haven't lived until you've been in roman eat the mind your mind your baby. Oh and see the Colosseum they'll call us a
And the waiting cake
Amsterdam 30 or two of Anna 26 China 20. Why do you want to go there?
Vancouver 18 New Zealand 15 Berlin 15
Paris 15 Brazil 11 israel 11 Sweden 9 Spain 7
They speak cah the line are like with a lift
See San Francisco 6 Toronto 5 Boston 5 if you ever met a Boston man you need to get there pronto
See how much I love it. I hope it ain't for what I'll go there now
I'll tell you Columbia 3 Chicago 3 LA 2 New York 2 in Mexico still got the big oh what it is crazy
The sports leader this is the new Roger show
What's all that you're doing?
Any questions this show is different from our other shows in that it is very very fast paced
It's probably the purest rock show we've ever done. It doesn't slow down much at all in the past
We slow down for a few songs build it back up slow down for another few songs
This show is very different. It's like a freight train. It's designed for a lot of excitement
What was that?
What was that?
What was one of those nights not the cut that it's supposed to be on a disc but in any rate it was
It was supposed to be fit up cast or sings big Cuban Cuban chief
Maybe it's this cut from the mind of one of the most beloved children's novelist in history comes the animated motion picture of the year
That ain't it. Well, maybe it's this
The nation's economy is in trouble. It's that ain't it. Maybe it's just not on there. Maybe it's a tease
Anyway, here's a silly thanks from Harry. Harry says how about adding Rio de Janeiro?
It's a pretty exciting place especially around kind of all time
Even when it isn't kind of all the beaches have great views of sunbaters often tap us almost always beautiful
Well guess what Harry? Why do I want to add Rio when I've already got Brazil on there? See my stomach checked
We've got the reason I put Brazil and not Rio is because there may be some people want to go to São Paulo or whatever
You know covers the options. Yeah
Because the question is city or country that you want to visit and that's why I think Brazil includes Rio
Harry mid picker knows picker 282 on the pool
Now of course Josh doesn't care whether we get to or whatever you know
We had over a thousand on the first one and he doesn't care
He's got other fish to fry frozen fish sticks
Rome by the way is kicking ass Rome good choice
excellent choice
Presumptive Republican president why why did one thing you stopped saying that presumptive? Well, what is that?
You noticed that they keep saying that now? Yep
John McCain trails both swallery and Barack Obama and hypothetical matchups according to a new of course every five minutes
There's a new poll just like we got a Washington post ABC news poll released yesterday
Obama leads became by 12 points 52 to 40 swallery leads by six points 50 to 44
McCain has turned his attention to remember for general election after clinching his party's nomination to tonight
McCain endorsed by president George W. Bush first poorly against Clinton and Obama among Americans who disapprove of the president and Americans who opposed the war
About two-thirds of Americans disapprove the way Bush's handling his job to think the war was not worth fighting
It's not a war. It's an invasion. It's not a war
Age Mikey another obstacle for 71 year old McCain who have elected with the oldest first term president ever ever
Go ever take sides against the family again
ever
That Tony here is so huddle me god. I'd like to wipe that smirk off his face man with a with a two by four
You ever see him do I do I know you don't want those me though, but he just no and even if the story is depressing and more but he's got that same smirk
Oh the only jerk gives his smirk hate him
A percentage of Americans discouraged by McCain's age 27% is more than double the number would be less enthusiastic about supporting Obama
Who be the first African-American president or swallery who be the first female president
In a campaign pitting McCain against Obama the veteran is a lawmaker pulls ahead of the junior senator from Elrond the question of experience
68% of Americans who favor experience over change support McCain however 80% of those who desire a new direction new idea is favor
Obama we don't want another term adored George W
Okay, we don't want no more Bush
In a matchup with Clinton the Republican holds a wide lead among most big new experience while Clinton wins two-thirds of Ode to seek and change
Obama also leads McCain on top issues in the poll the economy health care immigration and ethics in government
The survey shows McCain with a wide advantage is the one better suited to handle the US campaign against terrorism
What campaign against terrorism, you know, this is a media created cliche man the war on terror the war on terror
I thought that was in gone with the wind the war on terror. How do we just see um they can see it? No now maybe Josh saw that movie
Do you see a vacancy? I did not but I believe I saw another movie that you recommended to me. Yeah, didn't you recommend to stir via?
Never heard of it. What's shy of a buff? I watched the most of that. Yeah, I actually it's really good
It's a it's a ripoff of what's that old screen movie?
Weird window weird window
But with teenagers. Yeah, it's the same thing but there's a hot piece of ass in it. So I got my whoo speaking of hot
What's this like I'm watching now running with scissors?
And these two guys are lying in bed the ugly one with his a t-shirt on with the other one naked as a jaybird
Oh, it looks a little like Kevin Bacon, but that one's a little gay
It looks like it to me, but anyway, it looks familiar kicking an old school lethal obsession the rocket a prairie home. I'm just mind me blues
Oh, I don't want to hear nothing about Miami all hands-on dreck deck
I'm just giving you a little rundown of what I got on here right now. Maybe some we move my line here the audio from one
Merle didn't like kung fu Walker Texas Ranger ER
Miriam Scotland. Oh my god
You're a six. How do you like that old black and white? It's got all lines three. You know like the old dracan
Oh, those are good. Oh, they're they're great
Uh Sahara real the real that's the that's not a movie to show dead ringers and the magnificent seven
Y'all be in love don't see
What if you want to carry my load uh, you know who that is?
Who just said that? No, let me give you a clue
Oh
Didn't do it. Maybe that will wow
Officials in Michigan and Florida are showing renewed interest in holding repeat presidential nomadating contest
So their votes will count to be a democratic campaign
The Michigan governor along with top officials in sorbiz campaign in Florida State party chair are now saying they would consider holding a sort of
Do-over contest by June
That's a change from their previous insistence that the primers in their state's health in January should determine how the delegates are allocated
But nobody else was running in Michigan and nobody was campaigning in Florida and everybody agreed that they were going to buy pass
I mean what a what a joke
What an absolute fraud and there are people voting for this bitch. God is that frost my fat ass
Clinton won both contest, but the results were meaningless because the election's violated national party rules
And ahead of time they said they weren't gonna count, but all that's changed the rules now because swallery needs the delegates bitch
The Democratic National Committee strip both states of all their delegates for holding their primaries too early and all democratic candidates
Including Clinton and Barack Obama agreed not to campaign in either state
Obama's name wasn't even on the Michigan ballot neither was anybody else's except swallery because she does it her way
Okay, the crooked way and she still only got 55% Michigan against nobody. That's not good
No
Florida and Michigan moved up their dates to protest the party's decision to allow iowa new handshake to go first
Childish, you know, oh, we want to go first. We want to go
Followed by a software line in Nevada giving them a disproportionate influence on the presidential selection process
But nobody predicted the race would still be very close this late in the year
Ironically, Michigan and Florida could have held crucial primaries if they'd stay with their traditional later dates
They may yet do so if they decide to hold new contests as Clinton and Obama compete to the wire down to the wire like a Gulfstream
And a Georgia source is gasping for oxygen puking his guts on
slowing you will walk
cranking it into reverse
Clinton has been insisting that the desires are more than two million people cast democratic ballots in the two states
Should be reflected at the convention which would help her catch up to Obama and the race for convention delegates
Obama said he wants to see the delegates from the two swing states participate
But not if Clinton is rewarded for victories and poor-cotted primaries when nobody else was running what oh
I mean and the fact that there are people in the media suggesting that this is a good idea and your governor
Your damn gate governor Charlie Christ my god
Michigan governor Jennifer Granholm a Clinton supporter told the Detroit free press that Clinton's victory in Ohio changes the landscape a bit
She said it could open the door to a caucus if it can be privately funded in both candidates agree
Granholm a Democrat in Florida governor Charlie Christy Republican who can't keep his nose out of the wrong places man like uh
Yeah, issued a joint statement yesterday demanding that their states delegates be seated
We each will call upon our respective state national party chairs to resolve this matter
And ensure that the voters of Michigan of Florida are full participants in the formal selection of their parties nominees
What is what businesses that have Charlie Christy's Republican like I said before sticking his big ugly
Arganos in the Democrats ass, you know
God
Chris told reporters of news conscience Tuesday
He doesn't support having another primary taxpayer expense
He said he discussed the option with Senator Bill Nelson. They churred on a chair the state's union Democrat
He said the only way to consider the possibility that instead of the Democratic National Committee pay for it
The Florida Democratic Party said the state estimates the cost to be 25 million
Getting funding from the National Committee might be difficult when the party has a general election to wage last
August the DNC had offered to spend 800,000 for later caucus but Florida State Party rejected the idea because the amount would have only been enough to set up
150 caucus sites for the states 4.1 million Democrats
DNC chairman Howard Dean issued a statement yesterday that seemed to leave the matter for the states to resolve
How to beat bit of a put about Dean said Michigan of Florida have two options if this had been a new plan for a process for choosing choosing their convention delegates
Or appeal to the Convention Credentials Committee which resolves issues about the seating of the delegates
Michigan Democrats are discussing holding a firehouse contest in May or June that will be an alternative to the traditional primary caucus and run by the state party
Oh, it's it's pathetic
And nobody paid any attention back at the time and I was talking about fact that the votes weren't gonna count and but a beat but a boot but a bump and
There was right there for anybody to say and now it turns out that they needed to count
But they didn't they do it right like everything else in Florida and I'll Michigan
I can't imagine the amount of the delegates that Barack Obama would get in Michigan like in Detroit
Do you have any idea how many dark folks live in Detroit about 80 trillion 80 trillion black people live in Detroit and four white people
Who can't afford bus fare to get out?
How do you like that? Oh, there's some sluppers. Yeah
How many votes we're going to pull in two and I do it when a virgin three and we slow down a little bit there because the show
DeGenerated into a grand in versus Josh Cordist deal
Oh, I think he does make some very good points who Josh
No, oh, what are they?
It's just what you are
You see every time I try to cut you a little slack you just you'd reinforce what he says was
Hardass
Too much booze man you got Georgia with too much bad weed and you would know bad booze sorry
It's the only the best only the drinking ripple probably drinking grandma. I don't know you tell him Josh. It's only the best
Do not yeah, yeah, what would you know about it?
Yeah, probably smoking a big fat one right there. You know, we need Chris back on show badly if he ever comes back
I don't know why he's coming back so we can smoke a big fat one. Yeah
Yeah, smoke him like a roast pig put him on a pit
What do they call those things on a skewer? Yeah, put him on a spit
In fact, when I think about it it makes me want to
Something that rhymes with spit
Anyway, here's the deal. What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to
Rolems six and you know they could fax this in like some other places that are on here
But not not like places that are in countries that have already got on here like Rio. What's wrong with you Harry? Jesus Kate Christ man
Rolems 62 Amstadon 39 you better hurry up
They're cleaning it up man. They're gonna make it like time-square steriles inside of a band-aid box
A van at 28 China 23
New Zealand 19 Vancouver 18 Berlin 17 good choice
Peri 15 bad choice
Brazil 11 there you go Harry Brazil Brazil Brazil is your 11 why
Spain 11 Sweden 10 San Francisco 7
Toronto 6 Boston 5 the Bahamas 4 Copenagan 4 Columbia only 3
L.A. 3 Chicago 3 New York 2 in Mexico out of 301 votes Mexico's got
zero zippo
How do you like that? Hmm
I mean maybe which means one amazing maybe a lot of people have been like to cancun you know places like that
Not far right right far. Where's it working? How far we're flight is it my oh?
Oh, I have about this far in the map here that far yeah like three inches
Yeah, I would say that's about right
The biggest name the best out here is now
Forty-a-Five sixty-two am the sports leader what a fuck up job that was
It's our system sad but true
It doesn't work like it used to do
Every time the votes come up short
You know it's all gonna land in court
Oh
We should have learned the truth the last time around someone's always gonna want a recount
Even before voting days through the lawyers all run around and two
If you pick the guy that we like to bet you know, we still gotta pass the legal 10
It's not decided by me and you but
By the lawyers who run and land it through
Yeah
1118 and 560 WQ and Florida's Republican governor
Florida's gay governor doesn't think his taxpayers should pay for a democratic party do over his presidential primary
And since the results of January's non-Irussian was fair to Barack Obama
You know something this governor man this fruitcake really pisses me off and every poll they take just like when the fat ass
Predacist and jib the jemster was in there all the wildly popular governor of Florida
The voters of Florida must be the dumbest bastards in the face of the planet. I thought we only that
Jesus Christ
So then the loss for his January 29 primary they then hire profile candidates who are reclinator all democratic candidates agreed not to campaign there
The vote allocated no delegates to the democratic convention after state officials violated party rules and moving up the date of the state's primary
I want to clear Florida had played by the rules who would have voted to the along with the highly contested Texas in Ohio a role which his results could have had substantial impact
Party leaders are discussing the possibility of a re- voting for the Michigan which also moved up its primary and violation of party rules
Florida governor Charlie Christ
Says the previous election should count whether the record turned out in inspired. Oh, yeah, that makes sense
We want them all to be seated because democracy matters the people should be here see what they want
What the Republicans want is they want her
So anything right and that national poll proves it Obama crushes McCain. She's just barely ahead sure doesn't rush
And he promoting her yeah, that exactly right
Asked whether in election in which both candidates agreed to stay on the sidelines really was a fair election
We think so he said noting the Obama campaign ran a national ad that also ran in Florida before the primary
I mean talk about a stupid comment. How is it possibly is it so stupid? Yeah, Jesus. K. Christ
The battle over Michigan to Florida should continue to divide the well it goes on
I want the next present to be Republicans said the Christ but I'm the governor for all the people of Florida right
Moving up the election is the right thing to do democracy's always the right thing to do he said oh my god
Earlier in the program Christ defended the move primary with flowing in vocation to the American revolution in Cuba in a single thought
What matters is that we said it age for the people to be able to vote to put Florida to forefront and choosing next leader in the free world
That's our right and our founding fathers put forth when the founder of this country so many Americans have fought for that precious right
He said pivoting to Cuba you don't afford to just 90 miles
South of Key West is an island called Cuba where they don't have that precious right. Oh my god
Is that for founder what just 90 miles South of Key West is now called Cuba is that
A bulletin or one you jackass you cycled and you you fairy god
Another self-hating a screamer. That's all just an absolute
BAAAING but nevertheless. Oh, he's wildly popular everybody loves Charlie Christ
I guarantee if his last name was smith just like swore if her last name was Jones she wouldn't have ten vote right
If she wouldn't be Mrs. Bubba. Oh, guess what they're talking about on CNN now
Mrs. Bubba Tony Harris in the middle of a triple split screen. Oh Tom Fidel was on there too with his yellow trench coat
Waiting for Gary Hart to come out with Donna's rice
A major airline is under fire from environmentalists for flying an aircraft across the Atlantic with only five passengers on board
The flight from Chicago to London meant that the plane abowing seven seven seven used 22,000 gallons of fuel
Friends of the earth that it was obscene away so much fuel flying in almost empty airplane
It led to American Airlines being accused of reckless behavior by green lobby groups
The latest eco scandal flight to replace on February 9 after mercenaries forced to cancel one of its four daily services from Chicago to London
See, I don't agree. I mean, you know, I'm all for the green ease and all stuff like that
but
If I'm if I'm on a fly from Chicago to London I buy a ticket on a plane
I don't want them canceling just because there's only four other people flying. I am that too bad
Too freaking bad. I got to get there. Maybe got a big business. Maybe got a date with the queen, you know
or some other queen
Kind of horsecraft is that
Am I right or wrong? Yeah, I know horsecraft
When you buy a ticket on a flight you don't expect it's going to be canceled because of lack of interest
You I'm not saying that it doesn't ever happen, but it shouldn't be to say they're in very business
It's like saying over closing a restaurant today because only seven people came in for lunch. Well too bad
I want to have lunch. I'm gonna go to the rascal else even though Josh tells us it's closed
You know an apology by the way they rascal house
So sorry
Nothing sounds sincere to me. I am so sorry. No, you're not
I apologize. No, you don't the Clinton leave room in connection. This is by David Sarota
Confusion and misinformation are two of the most powerful weapons in a desperate publicism's arsenal
Reused by Jeweliever in the 2006 General Election against Nidolamot and exit posts suggest they help to overklitten blast away through the primary
This week in Ohio
Over the last two weeks Clinton's been telling Ohio voters
She never supported the NAFTA agreement and agreement that's become a symbol of corrupt economic policies and many working class voters
Clinton has made these claims expecting everyone to forget his speeches over the last decade
Trumpeting NAFTA is a great success. Her direct quotes praising NAFTA repeatedly are not up for interpretation
And neither are her absurd claims to have been against NAFTA from the beginning
We are talking about pure unadulterated lying here and lying with a purpose to confuse enough voters in the thinking
She actually did oppose NAFTA and that a strong support for NAFTA is somehow the same as Barack Obama's long time opposition to the pact the results
The Ohio prove the scheme worked
CBS news reported that among Ohio voters are expressed that trade takes jobs away 55% supported swallery
Clinton's past support of the North American free trade agreement didn't hurt her in Ohio or most voters
Taked trade with other countries as cost-to-state jobs
Blue collar workers and voters will live in Union households back Clinton has been voters in Northern Ohio
where manufacturing job losses have been staggering the past decade
According to Wixit Pulse for the APNTV networks
Clinton won nearly six and ten votes from Union households in Ohio's Democratic primary
And the same number among people are in less than 50 grand a year
If this all sounds familiar, that's because it is
Here's the next tip from a 2006 article I wrote for the for Indies Times about the Liberman Lamont Race
As the Associated Press confirmed Liberman's margin was provided by a segment of voters are a strongly against the war
But who wrongly believe Liberman is also a strongly against the war
Their misperception was no accident
Immediately after the primary Liberman unleashed an ad campaign to portray himself as anti-war
Erigan Ed where he says to the camera, I want to help end the war in Iraq
Liberman won the election not by defending the Iraq war but by successfully convincing a key segment of voters that it was anti-war
Lamont's internal polling show that somewhere between
Problem 15% of the population said they simultaneously opposed the one supported Liberman's position on the war
A signal that Liberman's confusion campaign was working
Clinton was actually even more brazen than Liberman not only did she lie about a record
She actually went on the offensive attack no bomb over the very trade deal that she's long champion
Raising doubts about whether he was committed to reworking NAFTA as the AP noted
To use the Liberman Lamont analogy that would be like Liberman not only pretending to be against the war
But actually attacking Lamont for not opposing the war more strongly
Even Liberman wasn't cravingly dishonest enough to do that, but Clinton's swillery was
The tragedy of course is that when such tactics are validated whether on the war in Connecticut or trade no Ohio
It encourages candidates and politicians to continue long about the most important issues. I didn't know there was a war in Connecticut
I know he's talking about the election in Connecticut. Get it right
And those lies end up polluting the debate and ultimately preventing any real change
If politicians can be rewarded for lying about their record on the war and globalization
Then they'll feel important to keep lying when those rhetorical debates tend to legislate negotiation
In other words, she's a freaking liar and of course we know that
But the electorate are stupid especially in Ohio
They got a place called stupid bill stupid bill. No, all right
Right
How do we put that on list? Maybe a lot of people want to go to stupid bill or maybe to Cleveland. What do you think? Not
Now let's see
How about Peru says Jorge Varrona
Tone of stuff to do and tourist locations to visit the food is also great lots of right. You want to put Peru on there? What up?
Lima
How about a Lima bean?
Is there are Lima beans? Is that considered with Lima or is it just my man? I don't know maybe that would ignore from who the hell does
My movie take the monotheque called a Lima bean
God
God
We don't want you around so won't you drop it please
You're an old and daughter in breaky has been who should have been locked up in the loon
A brain dead relevant ego-tist and where the same zookeeper in 1966
I am
Do us all
Put your booty head back up your butt and choke on a barrier and I'm up
Drive your core of air smack into a tree
Oh, there's that the silver herds queen Charlie Crite Christ your governor there on CNN. He's an idiot. He's an absolute total idiot
Lime of beans originated in Peru or possibly Guatemala says the internet. How do you like that?
They've been cultivated in porousin 6000 BC and their common name comes from Lima, Perous capital city
Another name for the Lima Bissiama said Lima bean Lime of bean is Chad bean and also
Butter bean and has been
Lime of beans contain cyanide compounds which is why many countries include in the US restrict commercially grown varieties of those with
very low signage and linolevels
That's good. They'll have a good excuse for not eating right because they taste like crap
They got cyanide them. Oh, they do the Lime of beans grown in Java and Burma have 20 to 30 times the concentration
A lot of most western countries they must be cooked thoroughly to allow the hybrids and cyanide gas produce to be driven off
Or maybe just expelled through the back dome
Large Lime of beans are extremely large in flat with a greenish white color
And has a buttery flavor and creamy texture this bean is named after Lima Peru and extremely popular in America's
Both in its natural state and dry and it goes on about baby green baby
Who cares green babies
But babies
He dead yet or what why sure? I don't know. Yeah, but I can't see turn out to be
Walking in the woods with curry coma. Oh my god
What if they were hand in hand you think? I'm sure
The FBI improperly used national security levers in 2006 to obtain personal data on Americans during terror and spine
Investigations director Robert Mueller said yesterday
I've used a Mueller and Mueller
That's like spaghetti. You know you say Mueller's spaghetti
There was done Mueller. They used to play for the New York baseball giants a minute years ago
Mueller told the Senate judiciary committee that the privacy breached by FBI agents and lawyers occurred a year before the Bureau enacted
Swimming to reforms to prevent future lashes breach is nothing we are supposed to see yes, it's not on
And neither is vacancy oh, I told you the hostel was on again the day which you can't stand and I saw the last five minutes of it
Well, that was the good part with that Jay Hernandez. I like him a lot. It took that word to the started
Now did you see that giant hostel? Yeah
The end where he cuts off his fingers. I saw that
And he stutters head in the and then he slits his neck which I like a lot and then he gets on the train and away
He goes hostile to though. No, no, I hope you didn't see that. No, it's really bad. I mean really really bad
Now did you like hostel or not?
Uh
Not really
Didn't hate it though. No, I didn't hate it, but George hates it
The report is a follow-up to notify the inspector generally or go that found the FBI
Automated personal data on people from banks, telephone and internet providers and credit bureaus without official authorization and in non-emergency circumstances between
2003 and 2005 and almost sounds like the Edgar Hoover is back again
Mueller noting senators concerns about American civil and privacy rights of the new report
Well, I didn't fight you similar to those in the before to show last March
The similarities is said are because the time period of the two studies predates to reforms. We now have in place
Right he said we're committed to ensuring that we not only get this right
But maintain the virtual trust of the American people no chance
You offered no additional details several other justice from enough. We are officials familiar with this year's finding is said privately
The upcoming report will show that is were wrongly used at a similar rate as during the previous three years
They talking with you, but they're still checking on your mail or checking on your internet
They're checking area your books out that you buy the music that you're listening to where you're what kind of toilet paper
Using which hand you're wiping your ass with all of these
all of these things
This graceful
Speaking before the FBI chief sent a judiciary committee chairman Patrick Leahy urged Mueller to be more vigilant
In correcting what he called widespread illegal and improper use of national security letters
Everybody wants to stop terrorists, but we also as Americans believe in our privacy rights and we want those protected
Leahy said
There has to be a better chain of command a better shame, baby
You can't just have an FBI agent who decides you'd like to obtain American records bank records or anything else
And do it just because they want to how other how Steve shame is doing
We do sports and W1Z years ago 100 years ago when I worked there Steve shame. He was a good looking guy
And now he's old and I'm sure he's a nice guy good kid Steve shame hopefully still alive
There's nothing worse like that that thing with all wear fine stored remember that that was a total shocker. Yeah
How old could he have been like 40 early 40s maybe their boots
Yeah, yeah, they dead
Mm-hmm
Not just gone, but dead and you know what else is gone
What our traffic person that's why we have this screw up with these spots today
Mm-hmm one spot's gonna come after we are we do do the thing in noon and maybe the certificate's all ready to be sold out
Hey, PD Lenny. I know that you're in there screaming in yelling, but this this is not a good situation
So one thing to be making a lot of cutbacks, you know by still say managers all the managers all the department has rape
He needs to go get rid of his ass
Send him over one of the other sports a one of those 10 mile like 1400
Asciutto you can only hear if you're in the parking lot of the station maybe on a good day
Well, so got ready already on and I understand that Carolyn is gone
Who?
Carolyn
Which one Carolyn be please that's supposed to be a secret Carolyn Beasley. No, no, she's gone or you can't in their grids
Carolyn White
Right, she's gone. I really ever saw her once in a while anyway, so let me say it again
I understand through the grapevine, but she is no longer employed at power 96 okay, then or within the building
Already then and of course she's murdered to Gregory now. I don't know
I want to suggest that that's you know like a vendetta or an active. I don't know
Maybe she wasn't good on the air was she on the air? Yeah, and were they saying hey, toots
Yeah, good job like that like me for you to say hey toots. I don't know. I don't listen to them as much as I used to
Really
What do you listen to my CDs?
Good choice people give me CDs
I read 43 votes they give you seeds and then he puts it in the back yard and grows me
I probably got like a holy probably got a greenhouse hot house CDs
Remember the greenhouse in that movie the hand that rocks the cradle sure
That was a good scene when her friend when her lady friend walked in and ran all the glass the shards
All came down and just stabbed her right through the ass. That was uh
As they'll say she looks just like like swallery
That that's a compliment and a shot both
Hillary never went to the swallery. Yeah, she never recommended you or an a she looks like oh, you got that same kind of look
Are you a part? She's well, I won't tell you said that. What I won't tell you said that
Why do you think she's a good-looking Rebecca D. Mourin a she has been not so much anymore?
Maybe maybe a hundred years ago maybe
Maybe she was in infants. She was really cute
And her younger sister. Yeah, I thought she was a hottie. You bet she was a hottie Rebecca D. Mourin a you betcha and that risky business movie
You bet I would have a 75 years ago. I just say
Even Tom Cruise looked almost too much in that movie. You won't take your word for it. It's hunchback with his hunchback
Mm-hmm. I'll take your word for it
That's Tom
But what cruise to you by the way? I found there's a Scientologist that was on my my space. I deleted them. I blocked them
I'll have blocked that jerk David
From Tampa, you know or St. Pete wherever is from block that idiot
I'm dead like I told you yesterday life is too short
Now the my space thing can be fun and you can you know talk to certain people that you know and can relate to or whatever or in your case
You know get laid and get drugs well right ever use it for people want to use it to annoy you
I don't need that it's a tool. You know, it's a high tool is the word all right
Tool is the word for some of those idiots and I get rid of the tools. Okay. They're gone. What's their gone? They're gone
Don't come back get the message just disappear
Like Al Rogers and the and the David then the St. Pete and some of the other idiots on there and the Scientologist guy
And why delete somebody when I block them out in your rid of it has to be a pretty damn good reason
They have to be really annoying they have to be really obnoxious and disgusting in rotes
It's about like 30 people I would say
That's the guy that I've blocking and now they're gone
Twenty before noon twenty minutes will have that to two for one deal on get ready to get prepared to be on the phone
Are you getting food in today or what yeah any good enough
Promotions two three four does that mean PD Lenny is coming in when he comes in tell him about the traffic the traffic auto the robot
Scoot up the log today the traffic robot the the auto man
Yeah, we and we can't go changing them on the log because you know, we there's no way to put it sold out
Even though we phone on very hard times and we're delicious
I beg your pardon you could switch it with something
It's too right now okay
So right now we got the one spot come up in a 56 break it and the other ones after the fact
But that's okay in the oh well whatever
If they bring in the food and it's delicious, which I'm sure it'll be then
We'll rave about it
344 votes on the pool. What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to roll?
The 70 arms to down 44 of an of 29
New Zealand 27 China 25 Vancouver 21 Berlin 18. I'll only give you the double digits
Paris 16 Israel 13
Spain 12 Sweden 12 and Brazil 11 San Francisco 10
Why do we also put on there are people want to go on a tour of the concentration camp?
Damn
To
Oh, I'd like to know who, one the election said I'd like to know who, one the election
Ooooooh
Count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote
Emma says this presidential race began, live off the wonder who was going to win
Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting chore, so count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common, looks like lots of them just give their votes to Patrick Buchanan
So I'd like to know who, one the election, yes I'd like to know who, one the election
Count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote, over, count the vote
The final tabulation started coming in, then I saw a new splash on Channel 10
Boy, some angry people all together in a bunch, they said they were confused and didn't know which hold a bunch
Back up
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common, looks like lots of them just give their votes to Patrick Buchanan
Ooooooh
So I'd like to know who, one election, said I'd like to know who, one the election, all I'd like to know who, one the election, yes I'd like to know who, one the election
Count the vote, count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote, over, count the vote, count the vote, over, count the vote
I'm in for God!
Turn him in!
I'm in for Bush!
Countable!
I'm there anymore!
Countable!
Demand step to banish!
Countable!
That's what it may be!
Not slow, not fast, just half-assed!
No matter what it is, it's always in the same crap, man.
It's a Florida specialty dujura every day.
Police wrangle the gigantic pink bunny from a top and over passive of I-95 in Palm Beach
gardens this morning.
Well, this is a Tuesday morning.
Did you see the date on this?
No.
Well, today's Thursday, last time I checked.
Anyway, for the way we're eating, so you know.
Well, you got the food there already?
Oh, everything.
Everything's seafood.
No.
Great one.
Thank you.
I'm eating some filets, some lobster skewers over here.
What's the name of the lobster skewer?
There's carp.
Lobster tempore, there's some carpaccio.
Mmm.
Beef carpaccio.
filet, I got a filet over here.
And guess what?
It's full of meat!
Right, now is PD Lenny a show up with these, if folks are one.
He's in here, pivot it, yes.
Did you tell them about our traffic department that doesn't exist anymore?
You know what I'm talking about?
Traffic department.
And we have a traffic duty department, now I'm supposed to tell you.
Police wrangle the gigantic pink bunny from a top and over passive of I-95 in Palm Beach
gardens this Tuesday morning.
He was a hazard, said a garden dispatcher, and apparently causing quite a traffic back
up to boot.
To boot, eh?
The fuzzy culprit turned off to be the Buzz Bunny, who's promoting Buzz103.1 FM's upcoming
adult Easter Egg Hunt.
Oh my God.
He was standing on the overpass just off the Donald Ross road and waving down to drivers.
I'm going to have to have a talk with the bunny, said the station's promotions director,
Brett Russell.
Obviously, he didn't mean to do that, he said.
The money was called in by Gardens Police Officers, shortly before 8.40am Tuesday morning.
This was the bunny's second appearance.
He was out yesterday as well, meaning Monday.
And we'll be popping up all over the county until the big hunt on Singer Island March 15.
The station scatters a thousand thirty-one plastic eggs on the beach, would ticket to a variety of
prices within Singer Island, I remember that well.
He used to go swimming there on Singer Island, okay?
The bunny does make an impression, he's pretty big bunny.
In fact, he barely fits in the suit Russell, said with a snicker.
I didn't know that bunny's like snickers.
As for where he'll turn up next, the Buzz Bunny's unpredictable.
We never know where he'll go.
He said, we're guessing not a 9.95 overpass at the Palm Beach Post, being very, very cutesy, not pathetic.
So the food is great, and then just take that and we'll bring it out.
There's a matter of fact, I'm going to make some room in front of you so I don't have to go off like they seem.
He's in here, he's off my, but that's all right because we don't need him.
There you go.
No, we should own.
We don't need him in there.
That's a bread that said.
Oh, they got some ribs over here?
Brandon ain't speaking anymore.
He's probably doing a little work now or whatever.
Professor Maid speaking to me today.
Nobody out there is talking to me today, it's just one of those days, you know.
And you wonder why, because tomorrow we're going on vacation at noon.
I'm being allowed at noon.
Probably Jolly Jo turned them all against me.
You probably set up one of those mass email mailings.
Oh, and he was leaving at noon, the slacker that he is, and he's leaving us holding the bag.
We have to put that damn Georgon.
And all next week.
Yeah, that's awful.
Yeah.
We don't have any, you know something.
This is the only show today.
The only one.
And the jerk jokes, excuse me, jerks.
We're the only six hours on the station there and plus Orlando or before seven.
But no little dog, no big dog.
DA is on four to seven four day a big dog.
So the beast is on ten a minute.
So the skid's was off.
We're the only ones here, man.
We are really rock solid.
That's right.
And the big old sounded good there except for the fact he wasted his time talking about basketball with the Frank Hayes.
But that's okay.
It was that big one over BC last night.
Maybe they beat Duke, maybe BC.
They had 5,900 people there.
They needed that arena like a locking cup and that's where it goes, you know.
Pretty soon there will be an arena at a stadium on every street corner.
There will be one real close, real convenient to you.
There will be like that flight from Chicago to London.
There will be five people.
But it will be a hell of a good time.
You'll be able to have a lot of elbow room.
It's like when you go to Woodline.
You don't want to have a bunch of smelly old Europeans all around you there.
Oh, you want to have a lot of...
There was a Chinese girl sitting next to me last night, which by the way I made a great comeback in one of a few hundred bucks.
Nice to go. Thank you.
Where'd he go?
Oh.
Hit 1,500 on the line.
That's always a good thing.
That's a potato thing.
Five times triple bar wheel of fortune. 1,500.
What?
I'll be talking to the hot chicken here.
That's going to put this potato dish is called.
Anyway, this Chinese chick's next to me last night.
She smelled...
Whatever it's going to smell like when the end of the world comes on the day of Armageddon.
Whatever that's going to smell like.
That's what she's smelling like.
Like the end of the universe.
And she...
And finally she lost and got out of there.
I kept thinking, oh, please, please lose.
You know, not that I'd begrudge anybody winning some money.
I like to see other people win.
We're playing against the house.
But just please leave so I can get some fresh air.
So I can stop swooning over here.
And now I hit the 1,500 and I thought, I screw her in and out of hell with it.
And they paid me and I ran out of there.
I flew out.
Like I just stole in the money.
You know what I mean?
I flew out of there.
See how that pole is coming along.
I'm glad to hear that the food is good.
I wish we knew it would be.
From Ocean's 2,3,4.
In less than eight minutes, we'll open up the QMStoryQM.com.
And then in the next hour, we'll tell you about it again.
Because there's no traffic to bar when everything's all screwed up.
And P.D. Lenny ain't too happy about it, but he's not going to say anything.
He's going to just send another letter to War Christian.
Oh, Chris, congratulations on that award you got.
And all kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy.
Licky, licky, licky.
Oh, Nia, licky, licky, licky.
That's P.D. man.
He's a butlerker.
That's why he's got that brown face.
You ever know what I said about him?
Sure.
He's got that bloody brown complexion.
That's because his face has spent too much time on too many symptoms.
It's because of all the sternophumes he saw.
Hopped all day long.
He's a sterno junkie.
Is he really?
Oh, yeah.
What you know?
At least he doesn't do dristan like somebody who used to work with an I.O.D.
Oh, I wouldn't put it past him.
In fact, he was the only guy who ever knew that.
He put peppercorns in his wrist and put it with it.
Yeah.
And parmesan cheese.
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to?
Is our poll question on your Rogers dot com?
369 votes.
I think we're safe to go for 500 today on the new poll, which is pretty good, by the way.
When you start a brand new one.
Josh.
That's because Josh Cornish is with us today.
Chris ain't here again today.
He's screwing off lately.
Hey, I had root canal.
I came on a good day, man.
What?
I said, I came on a good day.
Yeah, when the food was good.
See, that's why I showed up very willingly today, because there was great free food.
Rome 74, talking about great food, man.
Mind your mind.
If you go there to do nothing else but just to eat, but you want to do the sightseeing,
you want to see all the places and all the people.
And the gypsies, of course, watch out for the gypsies.
Amsterdam 48, Havana 30, George H. Gypsies, by the way.
I just started mentioning it in the fight.
If you're going to...
Oizen, I would pour gas on them as much as I'd like to fire them in their little bit.
Kid, it is a steve your credit cards like they did mine.
They stole my brother's bike.
Did they?
Yeah, they did.
Among other things.
For the whole...
Amanda, 30, New Zealand 28, China 27, Vancouver 22, Berlin 18, Paris 18, Israel 15.
Oy!
Spain 15, Sweden 12, San Francisco 12, and Bravill 11, where the men are men and most of the women are two.
Toronto 7, Copenhagen 7, Boston 6, Columbia 5, Bahamas 4, Chicago 4, LA 3, New York 3,
because everybody's been in New York.
And Peru and Mexico still have out of 371, the big O.
Well, see with this very important fact that you just sent to me, question in Tom Jicca.
I must have said Kaplan, whereas you know, I always told anyone who wanted to hear that Ed Kaplan could interview a chair, make it interesting.
Maybe Ed is busy interviewing chairs right now, like the one at Randy's Sword, you know.
I don't want Josh Friedman broke.
Tom Jicca writes, and it was a personal friend who's been sending out fear since leaving WQA.
I'm a few stations of expressed interest, but nothing yet has come from these conversations.
Maybe with two new sports agents in the market, something will open for him.
Says Little Tommy.
There's one thing I don't ever want you to forget about Little Tommy Jicca, okay?
You know what it is?
No, what?
He's Paul Stuckey.
Hey.
Hey.
Oh, click me a little while to find it.
It's 11.56 and 5.60 WFML.
This is Pretty Quint.
Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the Hill Rogers 12-1 hour.
Good morning, Mickey Mouse is office, Goopy Spaking.
Good morning, Goopy.
How are you?
I've got you on speaker.
Let me see if I can figure a book.
Hello?
Good morning, it's Robert Eiger, president and CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
I'm sorry, he's not in the sub-hole.
Is anybody who could pass me through?
Please hold.
So loud.
Who is this?
Sir, it's Robert Eiger, president and CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
Oh, man, I'm heart-nighur.
I'm sorry, sir.
Is everything okay?
I'm still f***ing dumb, sir.
Hang on.
Hey, Dad, bring me another plerializer.
Give her a purerializer.
Sir, no.
Worst gesture, sir, I'll have tomato egg, you have vinegar and pepper.
Oh, what is that supposed to do, sir?
It helps the hangover numbness.
Oh, oh.
I got Janice Dickinson bringing me once you woke up.
What do you mean?
Well, we were in bed together watching the Academy Awards.
I was getting a button rub from Janice, who's healthy, by the way.
Right.
I love that.
Yeah.
Am I saying this right, Pat?
Right.
Who is this new road?
Sir, that's a ramy.
The kids love him.
No, no.
I'm the road with the kids in this company.
Who put this ruby out, anyway?
It was ours, sir, and Pixar.
What?
Yes, sir.
Well, the law for the Pixar production.
What, how was all of them that's got green lighted?
Well, sir, it came out in June.
But June was why I was in rehab.
Oh, yeah, that's right, sir.
Nothing was supposed to go out when I was in rehab.
Sir, it was a big hit for us.
How much did it make?
600 million worldwide.
I mean, Steve Jobs over Pixar.
Those guys did a great job.
Steve Jobs is a moron.
I'd like the strangler with one of his iPod cables.
Look at me.
I didn't know that it'd be iPod.
This freaking deal.
I didn't know that movie.
Well, take the music.
There's a new, the new, the new, the new, the academy awards.
And there wasn't for me, I said.
A singer, sir.
Whatever.
Well, I'm certain that you enjoyed watching the academy awards.
No, I thought they were terrible.
But who's that shit that wasn't for writing June?
All the obelacodia fans have to tell him.
Young screenwriter, he's amazing.
Well, I wasn't she the who?
No, sir. She was an exotic dancer.
Same thing.
You ever been to the champagne room?
No, sir.
Of course you had it.
Anyway, they have signs up there that say no sex in the champagne room.
Right.
At the...
Bulls...
Bulls...
Bulls...
You got people on pockets.
You didn't let do anything in that room.
I'd seen God on those dirty velvet couches more times than I can cow.
Just don't tell many.
Sir, I would never tell many.
One one thing.
Did you see George Clooney's daughter?
No, no, no, no.
Sir, that was his girlfriend.
What?
Yes, girlfriend.
Holy my God. She's a who are two, right?
No, sir. She's a waitress.
I think they meant Las Vegas.
Same thing.
You ever got one eye hop?
You got enough money.
You'll have her plot jacks up on the grill.
Get your sweat on.
Right.
Hey, don't be a favor.
Yes, sir.
Find somebody over here.
Get your stick and send out.
What do you mean?
She's like my hawkabeesh.
You don't know when to wait.
Sir, that seems horrible.
I mean, do you want me to call the police or something?
Are you crazy to police?
I got caught, glaring all over you.
It stuck to our naked bodies.
Oh, sir, that sounds horrible.
No, it's not horrible.
You have no right.
Just send somebody over.
Wait a second.
So I'll just send Tigger over there.
No, send Tigger.
He's worth what's going on.
He does his bounce.
I need a cleaner.
A cleaner, sir?
A cleaner.
Someone to clean.
Well, sir, then I'll send Mary Poppins over.
Poppins.
Get on.
It's official.
They're sold out in a matter of seconds.
I bet you maybe...
Five thirty minutes.
30 seconds.
And I waited for them to verify the certificates and I said,
Oh, a facial baby.
Like it's a racetrack, you know?
Takes like a minute or two and then they have to
watch the tape and then they'll get in the oven.
That means people have to leave right now.
Does it?
I beg your pardon?
The rest of the people don't have to leave right now.
Of course not.
Okay, good.
No, as long as they keep feeding your food,
once they're done feeding your food,
then they've got to get out of there.
I've just did.
I'll explode that.
So thank you so much to our good close personal friends.
And what I'm going to do since that spot...
I'm going to do the spot from the website,
which goes into greater detail about all the good food,
which is really, you know, which is great.
But that's a record.
I mean, there's no way in the world we ever beat that record.
Am I right?
You are right.
I don't know what's going to say on there on the thing,
you know how it always says,
I'm not right.
Where do we find that?
I don't know.
Let's see.
Cocoaization past deals.
Under past deals, then how do we do it?
Okay.
Let's see if it's on there yet.
It's not on there yet, but it will be.
It's less than a minute.
I guarantee you that.
In a matter of seconds,
I clicked the thing about four or five times.
It went from like 50 to 22 to 16 to five to one.
That was it.
Man.
Outstanding.
And congratulations to us on doing a hell of a good job for them too, by the way.
That's right.
We're good.
Let's see.
Josh has got some more problems here with Brandon.
This is just not going to be a few that goes on with him.
Yeah.
Just give it up, Josh.
Go ahead.
Just go ahead.
Go ahead.
I'm listening.
It says, I want to clear off something with Mr. Cordis.
Regardless if I'm an office manager or a burger flipper,
I don't spend my time mooching off somebody with a heavy wallet.
You haven't heard me come on here and ask for money because I'm going to Vegas.
And everything started with my hatred of Josh because he speeches if he's a wise sage.
The only thing wise about him is his ass.
I can see why he fits in there with that radio station.
And the opposite is if he records it unless you're Jewish.
I don't know what he means by that last part because if he feels like it has to be a lawyer.
What?
Sounds like an anti-Semitic remark to me.
Is there really one of your people?
Thank you, Brandon.
Brandon?
Yeah.
What?
What would he mean what?
A spick named Brandon?
Yeah.
I can tell you his last name but I'm not going to do it on the ear.
Got it.
Yeah, he's one of your people.
I'm not going to figure right now.
I speak it up on you.
I speak it up on you.
So don't give any scrap money anti-Semitic.
Hey, it won't take more spicks named Brandon.
What do you talk about?
What does that mean?
Don't get to me though.
You can put the Jose.
Yeah.
As opposed to Jose and Jorge.
And Jorge.
And who you are?
For the bruised and bitter staff around Senators, Swarie Rotten, Clinton, Tuesday's death-defying victories
in the Democratic presidential primers, Ohio and Texas proved sweet indeed.
They say when their wins yesterday thought of their next steps and indulged in the moment
of optimism, she won't be stopped one-aid, Crote, and then Clinton advisors turned to
their other gold and I'm Mark Penn credit.
With a flurry of phone calls and email messages that began before the polls closed, campaign
officials made clear to friends, colleagues, and reporters.
They didn't view the wins as validation for the candidate's chief strategist.
A lot of people would still like to see and go as senior advisor said.
The depth of hostility toward Penn even in time of Trump illustrates the combustible environment
within the Clinton campaign.
In fact, the headline in the story from the Washington Post is, even in victory, Clinton
theme is battling itself.
The Clinton campaign is an operation where internal strife and war and camps have undercut
a candidate once seemingly destined for the Democratic nomination.
Clinton now faces the challenge of exploiting this moment of opportunity while at the same
time deciding whether the squabbling at her orlington headquarters has become a destructive
requiser intervention.
What I think you were telling me about with the sliced potatoes and the whatever...
Oh yeah, oh my god.
What else was on it?
Orgasmic, layers of sliced potatoes and cheese in between with smoked bacon on top and
then it's baked like a lasagna.
Oh yeah.
Now what is that called?
Potato gratin.
Mmm.
This is not fair you understand.
I know.
Maybe it's fair because you can't go get this so it's like don't even try.
Like I said, summation in the middle man is going to be plus two thirty five today.
It's a beautiful day and there'll be an even nicer day to get on a plane to get out
of here and go on vacation at noon.
Many of our advisors are reaching a two front war one against Barack Obama and the second
against each other.
But the most pressing challenge is figuring out why Clinton won in Ohio and Texas and trying
to duplicate it.
While Mark Paine sees this strategy as a reason for the victories of the Kepler candidacy
alive, other advisors have tripped the win to a perseverance, favorable demographics,
and a new campaign manager, Clinton won despite us not because of us once again.
But this is an eight page article about the Clinton campaign battling it within itself.
How do you like that?
Eight freaking pages baby.
It goes on and on.
On.
Close the gap.
Then close the completely and they deserve congratulations for being tenacious and working
hard.
But the delegate count is essentially unchanged from where it was yesterday.
And so now we go to Wyoming and Mississippi, we think we'll do well this week.
We feel that there's a strong possibility that we gain substantial and more delegates
out of Wyoming and the Mississippi that's under Clinton games last night.
How do you like that?
Wouldn't that be a kick in the teeth?
That kick in our V.S.
Let's see.
Oh, Carlos five and six at this number went a hundred dollars to delegate to Ocean
two three foreign dear field beach.
That's sensational.
One eight hundred two two seven oh five sixty.
Now it's flee in there as he liked to outscrewing around.
He just ran out.
Yeah, he answered the phone.
Yeah, for the phone.
Yeah, I made it.
Carlos five and six and one eight hundred two two seven oh five sixty when a hundred
dollar gives him to give the ocean two three foreign dear field beach.
It'll take a few seconds for the delay to build up.
So he's got plenty of time and after run our eighty five minute delay.
Mm-hmm.
The catch up.
Well, he flees on the way runs us away.
Mm-hmm.
That's why I'm just going to just describe that potato uh rotten.
It was insane.
It was rather than illegal.
Oh, well, if I could find out about it, it will be.
I'll be danged.
New York Times has an editorial.
I don't have time to read it right now though.
Do I know?
I don't.
So I look at the poll and then we'll do it after we come back.
Lots of bedtime stories today and of course a lot of calls not.
I wish Josh probably wants to screen some calls.
Not a lot of time say.
No?
No, I'm good.
I think Brandon's got a good point man.
What a slacker.
Listen.
Is that is he your buddy or something?
Yeah, he's a good guy.
Not that kind of buddy like you're impressed and the haters will hate but Jesus.
I mean, tell him to take it.
He hates you.
He likes toys and I don't know me.
I don't know what precipitated this tremendous uh Compton Times.
He's a man.
And that's your boy.
Oh, he's not.
He likes Chris.
Okay.
Well, I don't know what to tell you.
Like George is fine.
The haters will hate his email.
I'm sure once you're twice with Jordan and have his advice about exchanges.
He's easy.
He's easy.
He's not.
He's surprised me.
I didn't know what Josh is.
Just a venue.
He just.
Just the mention of your name sends him into screaming fits of insanity.
He hates you.
He's smitting and stuff.
He's got some personal problems and he's a devil.
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to is our poll question?
I'm just amazed at watching how fast those things went.
You know what?
Aren't you one of them?
I'm amazed.
I'm sorry.
I had a press back.
I had a mouthful of food.
These people are a muscle.
All right.
I'm sure that.
God.
Seconds.
It was definitely not even a minute.
That's probably.
And they probably.
Did they count the time when you were going to find out the other the folder ones are going
to know that.
Oh, to call this five and see.
Well, of course they are.
How's the unit?
Of course.
Well, I want to give them more free for crying out loud.
And free is in there.
Hey, don't look my buddy.
Yeah.
That's something like a place to wait.
He's supposed to put in someone in your pocket.
You don't like him because he's Jewish.
I don't dislike.
I've never had him.
I don't know from him.
And who Lee Feldman is at his name?
That's right.
He's a very nice guy.
A good guy.
He doesn't know the words.
And he has a hot wife.
So he's.
Oh, well, in that case, that's why you like him.
What city or country you want to visit that you've never been to?
Rome 78.
Amsterdam 52.
Like I said, hurry.
Get on KLM right now.
Because when you get there, everything's going to be closed if it did it.
Havana 35, New Zealand 31, China 30.
Vancouver 22, Paris 22.
Berlin 21.
How can we didn't put your make on here, man?
I don't know.
You want to put it on there?
Sure.
Israel 16, Espanya 15, Radil 14.
San Francisco 13, Sweden 12, Copenhagen 8, Toronto 7, Boston 6, Columbia 5.
Bahamas 4, Chicago 4, New York 4, LA 3, Peru 2, and Mexico finally got one.
All right.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's in the politics.
435, 62 AM.
The fourth leader.
For David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
So, what do you do?
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Nobody can tell me what they're doing.
Do whatever.
What's his name?
I don't know.
Maybe I'll get away.
I want to keep going.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Do it.
Oh my god, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared
I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I
I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I'm so scared, I
have a once again failed to resolve the Democratic presidential nominating contest. That doesn't见
me to the least that the observed front voting of the primary season did not do what we feared to
advantage the majority of democratic voters the chance to be heard. And it means there's still a chance to take this
campaign and elevate it finally to a serious debate about major issues. That's what American voters deserve and
that's what Democrats must do if they want to break the Republican grip on the White House. After eight damaging
in divisive years there certainly a lot of that needs to be debated
serving with President Bush's disastrous war, his tax cuts for the
rich, regulatory incompetence, and neglect and unrelenting assaults on
civil rights civil liberties, and the balance of powers in government.
In other words something quite different than the school yard shoving
contest we witnessed over the last two weeks between Obama and Clinton,
and they're increasingly out of control surrogates.
Mrs. Clinton's camp continues to be responsible for most of the
nastiness we've seen this primary season, and it was signs that they were
drawing the wrong lesson from Tuesday's vote.
The red phone ads and hardball tactics will win the day.
Mr. Obalistini, while increasing the access of the sexual size
and democracy, should be a coronation that is opponent should bow out of the
room.
For Democrats changing this dynamic is all the more urgent because
Senator John McCain is now one of Republican nomination, and visit
at the White House yesterday to select the rather dubious blessing of Mr.
Bush's endorsement.
McCain is now free to stand on the sidelines and enjoy the food fight, knowing
that whoever wins the Democratic nomination will be weakened and nothing
and honing his attack for the fall.
Democrats have certainly registered their interest in this election to turn
out a set new records all over the country and far-off strip the Republicans,
both Obama and Clinton have collected votes on a scale usually reserved for
the winner of the nomination.
The quality of this contest hasn't reflected the candidate's formidable skills
in intellect, instead of a serious debate about trade, Obama and Clinton have
engaged in a depressing fit of pan-gring to voters in economically troubled Ohio.
They trip over each other rushing to attack the 14-year-old North American
free trade agreement rather than offering voters' honest answers about what
government can and should do to help them adapt to globalization's challenges.
Instead of talking so very about how each would leave the U.S. out of the
war in Iraq, Mrs. Clinton has been trying to scare Americans with ringing
red phones and dark suggestions and Mr. Obama won't be able to keep America's
children safe.
Obama has belittled Mrs. Clinton's considerable experience in Washington as
first-laping the senator suggesting wrongly that a 2002 vote for the
Iraq Force resolution makes her incapable of now ending the war.
The plan truth is that neither has been tested as a leader in the national
crisis, which puts them in the same company as virtually every other presidential
candidate in history, including Mr. McCain.
Even if their differences on Iraq are negligible, Obama and Clinton should still
debate these, who are explaining how they plan to bring American troop
showmen to contain the chaos.
Iraq has receded for now, but still will be an important issue this fall in
the competition against McCain, who offers not the slightest change from
President Bush's tragically failed policies.
Instead of talking seriously about reforming healthcare, each side is run
attack ads distorting their disc proposals.
There's been some discussion about taxes, the home mortgage crisis and the
slowing economy, but most of them under candidates are asked about these issues
during debates.
Talk on the stump seems stuck where it has been for months.
Mrs. Clinton's distinctly more negative campaign is left to open to bad
memories of her husband's administration, while Obama's notions of transformational
change are as area and unformed as they were when he first began using them
on the stump in 2007.
Meanwhile, the candidates are spending of seen amounts of money on the
primaries and caucuses, and other ease the champion money razor,
Obama's back to away from his proposal to run the general election on public
funds.
He should take up that pledge again now.
Mrs. Clinton and Mr. McCain owe the American public a far greater measure of
transparency than they've so far offered.
Mrs. Clinton has the release to income tax returns, or made public donors to her
husband's presidential library in foundation.
Mr. McCain is withholding medical records that America need to read before the
rest of over a 71-year-old man with a spotty medical history.
It's unclear how the Democratic campaign will end, but that's fine,
nearly a third of the 50 states have yet to hold an ominating contest.
Before they do, we'd like to hear fewer character attacks, and a lot more
discussion than asons many problems after nearly eight years of failed
Republican rule, that's the Democrats' comparative advantage they should start
using it now.
A&M, finally the New York Times said something that made sense.
Even though they didn't do it swillery, shame on them.
Four hundred twenty-five votes on the poll, and we're going to get over five
hundred by two o'clock.
I can smell it.
Oh, man.
How many of that's the Joshua that's coming up next?
Maybe that's the aroma.
Another heat loss.
But you get all the stats on that loss.
I'm sure that everybody is sitting around.
It's like the old hockey hot-stooled league, man.
Everybody sat around a radio on Saturday night, and a little hot-stooled league came
on here and gave all the stats and the penalties and the this and the...
Right?
Right?
Right.
See, he's probably still eating.
I am still eating.
What do you think?
Of course.
Everything is good here.
They got lobster tempura.
Was that what it was up?
Yeah.
Honestly, stick.
Honestly.
Well, you know what?
Stick it.
Everything's better on a stick.
Stick it.
Like they say, it's a ticket.
Stick it.
Oh, tomorrow morning at ten o'clock we got the trends coming out.
He's hit by Urskin on the corner, Bernie, who made that huge football debut.
Couple of goals that are assisting.
A robust game.
Alexander Oveckin had two more goals.
Aren't you impressed?
He's unbelievable.
Probably the best player in the game today.
Aren't you impressed by Alexander Oveckin?
No.
Don't start fetching about Oveckin.
I'll tell you that.
402 votes in a pool.
I want to go back on a QM.com.
Where does it show how fast we sold the thing out?
It will in past deals, but it probably won't happen till tomorrow.
Yeah, it will.
Yeah, well.
You're wrong.
I'll tell you what, I'll let you know when it...
You're out of practice when he's posted.
If Chris was here today, we would know.
Brandon's got a point.
Let's see.
Past deals.
No, it'll show.
I think they double checking because it's the record.
You know it's going to hit like all kinds of asterisk next to it.
Big marks and again, it's book of records.
People will be calling.
I'm just still blind.
I can't believe it.
That bit, that Eisner, Iger, whatever that Mickey bit, was just barely starting.
And that thing was already down to zero.
And I thought, well, there must be some bogus ones on there.
Probably, chicken neck has tried to use his Zeyer's card.
You know, but nevertheless, when it came back on, it said, official sold out.
50 in a matter of seconds.
It's not like some shows in this market where they can't sell them at all.
And we also now, we got Joe Rosalind on his show if he'd ever show up for work.
He was not on this morning.
Mad Dog getting on this afternoon.
Got a very...
Thursday is like hell or two way, you know what?
Yeah, have you ever noticed that?
No.
Am I interrupting your lunch?
Oh, you have no idea.
How much can you eat?
You've been eating all the time.
How much do they have?
Jesus Christ!
Christ!
My God!
Hey!
Jesus Christ!
Jesus Christ!
Oh, his fare was a fair election.
I mean, just because nobody campaigned here and they all agreed that it wasn't going to count as a beauty contest, it's fair.
Yeah.
He left the Y off a ferry.
You idiot.
You ferry!
Good God.
F. We're a governor.
This is what his name is.
The best talent for his new projects.
43562 AM.
The fourth leader.
This is the most disgusting program.
I urge everyone to complain to this station.
For Josh Rose up to be a man.
Really think anything that happened before you was sick.
A sick, a sick, or a thinking you think.
Have me for him, nothing exists.
Okay.
We'll be going outside.
One time.
And open him up.
One time.
We're a Josh Rose up to be a man.
Oh.
Prior to 98, he never heard of something for life.
Or something he could have just stayed.
Back to his standard for life.
He's with Sportfuls up to be a man.
But for Josh to be, we're Josh Rose up to be a man.
We're a king of men.
13 minutes.
So it says how do you work side there?
It took 13 minutes.
I don't buy that.
13 seconds is more like what it took to show off those
fantastic activity.
But it says 13 minutes.
And the record is a one minute.
In fact, Blue Moon Fish Company last, they've been on four times.
Now the first time we had him on, sold out in an hour and two minutes.
But then the other three, nine minutes, one minute and seven minutes.
Right.
What's people got to know what they were all about?
Right.
And the ones today, or since 2, 3, 4, it was about a second that I guess they were slow in evaluating the certificates.
So they don't blame it on me.
They deprive the record today.
Whoever's responsible for a little in that thing.
And Brandon says, I don't know why Josh keeps bringing up the gay or a bi thing.
It shouldn't make a difference to him.
If I'm straight gay, bi, or even tries a human being, I can't stand him.
Well, he has a visceral hatred of you for whatever reason.
Wow, I guess the two of you won't be going out on an date or sharing that Russian girlfriend.
That's all right.
She's a busy girl, too.
Yeah.
You can do it.
Long line.
No, but I'm standing on line.
I got a number.
Yeah.
You got her number?
And I'm sure you guys just do not know at all.
Now, the way things are as an open relationship.
Want me to call her?
I call her on the air all the time.
Open.
I don't want you to call her on the air, okay?
Not today.
Do it tomorrow at noon.
I don't want it noon tonight.
I just might.
Call Josh's girlfriend and make her a hot date.
I guess.
Start out.
Put him out of my cheek.
Dude, I'm single, man.
Get it right.
Yeah, hot you a piva.
Are you going to do the show in Russian Piva's beer by the way?
Should know that.
No, I don't.
I do know what you do.
Yeah, hot you a piva.
Runs with Libet 2.
Who would say it?
Why not?
It's all right.
Too late.
Run with that.
Can't take it back now.
Well, why should I want to take it back?
What's wrong with that?
That was a good family show.
That was wholesome, clean, fun, fun for the old family.
And while he was wearing those thin plastic belts.
Yeah.
Oh, there is a Charlie Christ.
Oh, my God.
And those delegates who represent them.
You swishy queen.
You're a silly person.
You're a silly person.
You're a silly person.
You're a silly person.
You're a silly person.
The Democratic Party has said that none of the Democratic delegates from Florida will be seated.
And the Republican party.
What is it your business?
That's what I'd like to know.
He's a Republican.
What is he all of a sudden so considered about the Democratic voters?
This phony baloney.
Because of the fact they're desperate to try to get swirly in there.
Because that's who they want to run against.
You know it and I know it.
You're not fooling anybody.
Well, you're fooling some people about a lot of things.
You're fair with me.
Oh, my God.
You have to be deaf, dumb, and blind.
What did I tell you about this phony?
It was not under that.
You know that's the thing about it.
Takes one to know one when you travel to the circles.
The word gets around.
And Charlie Christ.
And of course, there's nothing wrong with him being gay.
Except that he's a phony and a hypocrite.
And then remember where a few months ago, he was dating some socialite from Palm Beach.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, they were hanging out on Uranus.
Dating some socialite broad from Palm Beach.
Give me a break.
Cut the crap, Charlie.
Why don't you come out of the closet right now and see it in and stop being a liar?
There's this.
You white-haired fairy.
Anyway.
Pope Benedict XVI will host a groundbreaking summit of Catholic and Muslim leaders in November.
The Vatican said yesterday, the Pope and the Muslims.
Wow.
Now who's going to have the better headgear, you think?
I don't know.
Who's going to have the better outfit?
We'll see.
The conference from November 4th to 6th.
In my birthday, right in between, they're on the 5th.
I think it's an omen.
We'll take place just over a year after I'm in 38 Muslim leaders from various sects from 43 countries.
A should an open letter last year urging peace.
The move came a year after the Pope gave a speech at Regensburg University in Germany,
which angered some Muslim leaders for using a quote which seemed to equate Islam with violence.
The Vatican Secretary of State Cardinal Tarsissio Bertone, Tarticio Bertone, excuse me,
has underlined the pot of complete willingness to meet with Muslim leaders to see what unites us
without minimizing or ignoring our differences.
Not a beat, but a boop bit about.
For all the same above my sees, just some different names and some different outfits and different colors, etc. and so on.
God.
Oh, there's Howard Dean.
Process and then expect to get forgiven for it.
Now, what happens here has a big effect on what happens at the Continominate Convention.
Could determine as you pointed out the nominee.
We've got to play by the rules.
If you don't do that for half of the people in the Democratic Party,
who's kind of a dozen wingless generation, the winged railway believe they've been cheated,
I've got to run a process where everybody believes that the Communist was held.
And the only way to do that is to stick to the rules that were agreed to by everybody.
That's right.
Governor Chris, just stick it.
Howard Dean says, let's stick it.
Stick it to the ticket.
Now, what's going to happen if you think tomorrow when that trend comes out at 10 o'clock?
I think we'll be far as an eagle.
I think we'll be fine.
We've got two solid months going in there.
They're really quite solid because this is November, December and January.
We're going to be dropping off a very weak October.
Week.
Week.
Unfortunately, that time is gone.
We've got to focus our resources on women.
And frankly, I'm John McHenry from yesterday.
I promised to do the year before more years of George Bush in Iraq and the economy and so forth.
So our job now is to allow the President and the United States and Iran.
I have a lot of money.
I'm going to ask you for the money.
I'll be hoping to comply with the rules.
Iran.
But they're going to have to be prepared.
I think I want to look at the Iranians.
There you go.
How are you Dean, baby?
Remember, he was the heir apparent.
He was guaranteed.
He was going to, and he disappeared.
He vanished.
All because he laid out that yellow.
And ABC made it seem like they were using that directional microphone.
And it made seem like he was a crazy person.
Now we've got a certifiably crazy person running for the Republicans.
And same McCain.
And they don't want to tell us about that.
The media.
The MSM, the mainstream media.
Basterds.
Lunatics.
They're the ones responsible.
Just like I said, here the war has gone on all these years,
longer than WW2, trillions of dollars down the toilet, all these dead people,
the dollaring with a nickel anymore.
Gas is like 75 bucks said to fill up your tank.
And all well, but a meat pit, a boot pit, a bob, and maybe the surge is working.
And maybe we'll have democracy in Iraq.
Are you still eating?
No, no, I'm done already.
The media is sick, and they're not bad.
I just wanted to play that one more time.
Okay.
Well, it's true.
Media is sick.
Without their complicity, none of this crap could have ever happened.
Bush and Cheney would both be in Alcatraz right now.
If it weren't for the media.
But the two busy with all their crap, you know, with all their crappings and the trappings.
And their panel, they got this panel.
They're like Larry King's show, 24-7.
Everybody's got a panel.
And we got the John, what's his name over here?
John King.
And we got what's your name over there?
The Black chick, Donna Brasile.
Let's speak in Brazil.
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been doing?
I'd be making my travel plans right now.
I don't plan on Europe.
Unless you've got some big bucks because it's a buck 50 or something.
A buck 53 of the euro, which used to be 82 cents.
Used to be 82 cents.
That's like double.
Double.
Oh, the dollar's down 135 point.
And the S&P is down.
And oil is 103 dollars and 70 cents of barrel.
It's going to start costing you big time.
It's going to cost you 50 million dollars to fill up your gas tank.
Oh, there's Jillian Barbery.
Everyone feels better when people know that.
As you've got some big boobs, I wonder if one of them might be real.
There's my gollic.
Especially guys.
Get results with neutral system for men.
What's he taking?
Oh, there's Danny Boyd, Dan Marino.
Man, you talk about a guy.
How'd you like to have in the bank right now?
The amount of money that he makes in a week.
I'll take it.
God.
This man, and remember when Wayne started with the Republican Industries
or whatever it was, is never it was?
Okay.
And when he went on the Stark market, Shula and Marino both got on the ground floor
that they were able to buy it like three bucks a share or something like that less than that.
I think he had to be on the inside, buddies with Wayne.
And all of a sudden they went up to like a hundred bucks, a hundred and fifty whatever was.
Man, talk about making millions and millions.
And the brain stem only wishes he could remember it.
461 of both.
Easy over 500 days.
Only because we got Josh Corpus with us.
I got to stick up for it because Brandon's giving you an unusual, a blood bath today.
I don't know why.
Me neither.
Well, he enjoys it.
He likes to make you suffer.
You're sitting so close to the ocean that the salt air tickles your nose.
There are sights and sounds and taste and smells that remind us of why we live in Florida.
You.
This is the setting of the beautiful delicious Oceans 234 and Dear Field Beach.
Actually, on Dear Field Beach, because truly Oceans 234 is just a step from the sand,
the view is perfectly complemented by the view view of the food served at Oceans 234.
Start with a delectable appetizer like a heaping bowl of clams and white wine,
tomato and basil and garlic, or the beef carpaccio, or try the wonderful lobster and fritters with curbian chutney.
The shrimp and steak case of these is delicious, complemented with peppers, onions, mozzarella guacamole, and sour cream.
I can't stand this.
I'm having a nervous breakdown.
You can do it.
Your dinner on trays are created to entice all your taste buds like the crab and crusted chili and sea bass with truffle sauce.
The lobster tail with truffle crab and corn fondue, or try the macadamia dolphin with jasmine rice,
or delicious macarams or filet for the lamb lovers.
There's a kid from the menu, too, and you can watch the kids fall in the sand between courses.
Oceans 234 truly want to suffer this beautiful dining experience,
is open every day, seven days a week for lunch and dinner.
And your life entertainment has a fantastic cocktail, watching the sun set on your beautiful Dear Field Pier.
You won't forget your dining experience at Oceans 234.
Certificates are all gone, and don't forget once they're gone.
But again, with biggest names of Surgon, you know his new logic,
it's 4.256.9.
You am the fourth leader, the Roger God.
Once there was a senator who was caught indulging a habit of boogerone,
not much different like a typical meocomphagot.
Hands off to the heavy, we all thank you,
for giving writers something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you go, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
Larry Craig, thank you for tapping your shoe.
You stories last a few days, but you refuse to go away.
People look inside, cry, my baby, baby.
That's a loser.
Hands off to Larry, you're hairy.
When you got my heart, we all invite you to live,
hell off us, funny you're gone right.
But once you're to go, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I,
Larry, take a note, crack what happened to you.
Game, game, game, I never have been gay.
Game, game, game, I never have been gay.
Hands off to Larry, he wants to stay here,
but his own hiding wants him to go away.
Loving this right heart, he needs you to stay.
Larry, crack this right here, say it for you.
What is that docu for Chelsea?
Oh my god.
If you look up the word, me, it's in the other sectionary.
Instead of a definition, it's just got her picture next to the word.
All right.
Wow, she is the youth.
So there you see Chelsea Clinton yesterday.
Oh my god.
That should be a lady.
Yes, I have CC so concerned about obscenity.
Putting her on TV, that's obscene, man.
It's over, over the line.
That's right, trash.
She was.
What?
Hot.
Really hot.
Who's hot?
Yeah.
I'm gonna go after the ocean's two, three, four girl.
Jessica.
Mm-hmm.
Jessica, who?
Jessica for motions two, three, four.
Five, six, six.
Oh, I see.
You're talking about the chick that was in her with the food she's gone.
Yeah.
She's gone.
She's a market target.
You got your sights on her?
Well, I'll be damned.
Isn't that nice?
Single Josh.
John Nichol says, now it gets dangerous for Democrats.
Here's what conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh said about the prospect of a continuing contest
for the Democratic presidential nomination on the eve of the Ohio primary and the Texas
primacoccuses that had with good enough finishes for Hillary Clinton, fined the sure the
race will go on.
We need Barack Obama bloodied up politically as well, Rush said.
Limbaugh explained to fellow right wing Gabbara-Lora Ingram, yesterday now interviewing each
other that Obama has gotten this far in a race of the presidency with most of his popular
appeal intact.
As such, he would be hard to beat as the Democratic nominee in a race with Republican John
McCain.
I want our party to win.
I want the Democrats to lose their limits to turn themselves apart right now.
It's fascinating to watch.
It's all going to stop if Hillary loses Limbaugh or you, as you suggested that Republicans
in primary states should cross party lines to vote for a swallery.
Only by keeping Clinton in the race, Limbaugh explained will it be possible to sustain
the soap opera that might ultimately diminish Obama sufficiently to secure an undeserved
Republican win in November.
While the soap opera has been sustained, with their big Ohio and Rhode Island wins an
arrow victory in Texas, Clinton can do more than just carry on.
She can say credibly we're going strong and we're going all the way.
Tuzdianethalong to Clinton and she owned it.
As Bruce Springsteen's derising play, the Senator claimed the victory she needed would
align while Ohio has written a new chapter in the history of this campaign and we're
just getting started.
What's getting started is an edgier, rougher Democratic presidential race.
And don't think the New York Senator will pull any punches.
If the Clinton campaign has learned anything from the two-week campaign that preceded,
the Ohio Texas votes, it said Hillary Clinton won't win unless Barack Obama loses.
The Senator from Illinois must be damaged badly or so the theory goes in order for the
Senator from New York to grab the Democratic nomination from his clutches.
Make no mistake, the candidate and the Clinton Easters have sought to inflict that damage.
The campaign moves so fast that it's easy to forget everything that happens in a two-week
time span.
But since Clinton lost Wisconsin February 19 primary, the hits have really kept on coming.
There was Barack still lines from Massachusetts Governor DeVal Patrick hit.
There was the Barack still a page from Carl Rowe when he sent off the negative mailings
hit.
There was the Barack dresses like a Muslim hit.
There was the Barack's campaign told the Canadians one thing about trade and Ohio another
thing hit.
There was the Barack's not the guy who wanted to answer the phone to the White House
at three in the morning hit.
There was even the Barack's defying the memory of Ann Richards because she would have
wanted Hillary to have a clean shot at the nomination hit.
And as always, always, always, there was a steady drum beat from candidate Clinton and
I have a lifetime of experience I'll bring to the White House.
I know Senator McCain's got a lifetime experience he'll bring to the White House and Senator Obama
has got a speech against authorizing President Bush to attack her back.
He made in 2002.
Now the strategy has been sufficiently if not completely validated.
So Clinton will go on and chances are that she'll go on rough.
Will be enough to secure her the nomination?
Clinton and her age think so.
Their calculus goes like this.
Obama's really just another democratic presidential flash in the pan who started strong, well
ultimately worth him like Gary Hart and maybe four like Paul Sange's and I B2 like
Howard Dean in 2004 and Clinton can slowly but surely take advantage of uncertainty about
Obama until she closes the video to convention where she wraps the momentum from late primaries
and caucuses, maybe even re-ofectries from Michigan and Florida and a clear advantage
among super delegates.
The scenario is not likely one more likely as a repeat of 72 when South Dakota Senator
George McGovern seemed to have the nomination secured by early spring but former Vice President
Hubert Humphrey's campaign kept raising doubts about McGovern to the very end.
The Humphrey campaign its allies pulled no punches.
They suggested with none too subtle encouragement from incumbent President Richard Nixon's
surrogates that a McGovern candidate, seeing presumably a McGovern presidency, would be
all about acid abortion and anasty, legalizing drugs, attacking moral values and forgiving
military deserters.
Democrats didn't buy it but they gave McGovern more primary wins than the nomination.
The government and his campaign were done severe damage though.
World War II hero with a stellar center record on serious issues like providing food
aid to the world so still that Bob Dool and George Bush would ultimately celebrate
his work in this particular area was redefined as well Republicans in their aim in corner
in the media now referred to as a McGovernite.
Clinton's campaign has been given a newly sunlight it'll continue.
The China supporters as well as Democrats who may still be undecided about this contest
need to think long and hard about the China campaign will now run against Barack Obama.
If the Clinton campaign runs the right campaign on legitimate issues and if it does so with
the community they won't harm Democratic prospects in November no matter who the nominee
turns out to be.
On the other hand if they run wrong and seek to destroy Obama by any means necessary they
could be responsible for two defeats.
Clinton's for the nomination and Obama's for the presidency in November.
Those are the stakes as long as the campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination
is it's most dangerous stage as John Nichols it's dangerous.
Like us today we've been really dangerous man I can't believe we sold those things out
in milliseconds man in like about a tenth of a second.
We sold those things each your hard out stooots of course there's a reason we sell them
out fast number one because we have great restaurants on here and number two because we
have an audience.
Wow.
Yeah.
How do you like that?
Dangerous combination.
Yeah how do you like that for a campaign speech for some talking points?
We sell our certificates because we have an audience.
Some people take weeks and weeks to sell their crap because nobody is listening.
Just a few guys looking and sniffing old joc straps from the dolphin locker room or
from the keens.
How about those keens?
How about the keens?
Juvenile man, sophomore, childish, pathetic.
Do we still have that clip from the Abaskable game last night with Zagaki and the
parents?
I bet I can find it.
Can you find it?
Do you want to take people to school or something?
What is it?
What do you want like the final call?
I don't know what it was it was like Tiske to task it somebody stuff something and
somebody's basket I don't know.
Christ I mean there's probably going to be a whole bin of stuff.
You know what I'm giving you give me a rub down of what it is what does it say?
Hold on I got to pull it up.
Yeah pull it.
Brandon says you can't pull it because you ain't got it but nevertheless.
Oh there's my cuckabar with else he doing on there dressed real like a real Yehu like
he is.
I'm just grateful for what did happen.
Yeah us too they got ready your ass so we're grateful for that not not like what we got
we got a daughtering old crazy person and what he got in the bin.
It's got a load man just have a lot of patience.
It's got a load.
You know how our audio vault is.
Oh it's a piece of crap didn't we warn them George when we came to the station don't
buy the other one.
No matter what we'd say it's like fat boy don't hire him he's trouble.
Oh no we're going to hire fat boy he's great.
Haven't heard from him in a long time I probably shouldn't mention his name.
No it doesn't matter.
I know.
Here's the sirens in the back again.
Nope.
They're coming to take Joseph Gackey away.
After he started to hyperventilating and I can just screaming uncontrollably and carrying
on.
Oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my oh my you got it right you you got it not not
from I don't not see and I've seen some you know from the BC game last night but not from
last night.
I'm wondering during the break they'll tell where it is.
Yeah I'll get something for you.
The big old plate at this morning it was embarrassing man it was humiliating and degrading
just out of control it's one thing to you know bring your excitement to play by play
that's what it's all about you know when there's something exciting going on.
It's nothing just a scream uncontrolled but even a five year old child can do that.
Like that you know like guilty.
Yeah.
By the way how about that Anderson kid was it 93 saves and last two games for the Panthers?
Anybody interested in the Panthers?
No.
How come we haven't done any horse racing in the New George?
We're so but that's a good question I know.
Well yeah we got to get you ready for your next appearance at Gulf Stream.
It's performers image and image.
Right back in toward the band.
Those two clear by three I am from the West racing along third toward the rail he's a
flavor is for it.
He's a flavor from the outside got all this year.
Freelinks by the back to cold sweat sixth and still nothing from time for champagne as
they leave the half biomarker and swing around the far turn.
Performers image along the rail rhythm and news got Holy Spirit is third.
I am from the West for it.
I get the free he's a flavor being set down for the drive fifth five links clear of cold
sweat sixth and time for champagne seven to the quid of a milder run.
Performers image and low East guns always up to lead by two.
Rhythm and news is second for the back to got only spirit is third as they're ended
as stretch performers image in full command.
Rhythm and news is second on the outside he's a flavor third but down to the
layer.
Performers image.
Striding clear to take it at nine to two reporting home five links to the good.
Okay.
No.
Do you have a hundred to win on that one or what?
No.
See I can almost always tell you the winner like in the last turn on top of the stretch.
You see you got the big Mo you know.
Big Mo nice meal because the odds you see the horse that was leading was like 80 billion
to one you know he's going to pick his guts off like most of your horses last time.
Hey, this thing for oxygen.
Don't you think that whatever when you have lead at the top of the stretch and as they
come to the stretch doors like on its hands and knees.
Oh please get off of me.
Let me just take lay down and take a nice nap.
You know, I'm sure you heard that before.
Biggest name to the best out to his new largest.
You're 65 to two a.m.
The sports leader.
A tight people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that one to two
hours.
The old man doesn't have a chance.
He's John McCain and he just can't stop singing for you.
The girl man I'm banged.
Just like Cindy.
Lobby is the bag with long blonde hair.
War.
No kid for any contracts.
Williamsburg a few of us to a team power and reaches beyond our imagination and a
delicious magnet embassy to rival a millionaires playground of Dubai.
That's what it's good for.
I'm John McCain and I approve of setting hair in my simulated rice patty cell that I
had constructed in my basement for a whole time's sake.
Beware of eloquence, my friends.
Don't let them sleep talking to you into peace.
There's not much happening here.
So much wage war for a hundred years.
It was about at least 117 planes flew in safety violation on Southwest.
I never thought Southwest of you.
A lot.
And that's a good sheep.
But you're still alive.
I'm still alive.
But it's 117 planes should have been grounded until inspection.
It doesn't make me feel all that confident.
Here's a spy report from one of my mind space people that says I heard you talking about
Brian Williams yesterday and you said you don't like him as much anymore while I don't.
Well it turns out he's a Nazi, a ditto head, a rush sick of fan, a bushyster.
So keep that in mind.
PSDN a bash is getting married to John King of CNN.
Oh my god.
The shrunken head is getting married to John King.
Not that he's any great prize but nevertheless.
Notice all these incestuous relationships that go on?
Nope.
Like what's your name?
It was supposedly getting married to Rush.
What was your name?
Darren Kagan.
Darren Kagan, she vanished.
She was okay.
Good.
I didn't say she was great.
Look what else is on that thing for Christ's sake.
You got Candy Cowley, Wolf Blitzkrieg.
No.
And then that damn Akira Phillips that bitch and then that Tony Harris guy, the grinning,
oh.
There has to be a law against him being on my TV.
Maybe there's something like a V-chip.
I can like, okay.
Come on there.
I'm serious.
When it down I got to bleep him out.
He gives me schgokies just seeing him.
Always like drooling with a like a glib smirking, the smirking chimp.
Anyway.
So it's our big one of two hour now.
And of course the mom leaving it noon.
Haha.
Going on vacation.
Wow.
Really cracks me up that he called me.
And in position about why I'm leaving it noon.
I mean like it's a big deal taking a couple hours because I got to catch a flight
and go on vacation and enjoy myself and have a great deal.
And of course I'm a big believer in screwing off and taking as much time off as possible.
Not about morning we got to be here.
I got to be here because we got their ratings coming out.
And you're sure as home I'm not going to sit there and ramble out about their ratings for an hour.
No.
So I got two hours to be here.
And two hours to be here.
One hour which is already taken care of.
How do you like that?
Ok.
Now is that called meiling it in?
Femaleing it in.
No, not femaleing it in.
That's it.
The goddess.
She's femaleing it in.
I think she would like to.
I'm not really sure I understand that whole story.
Which word?
What?
What?
What?
Oh.
And Jim.
No, they have gone separate ways long time ago I guess.
I don't know.
Hi.
This is Jim.
Love your show meal.
Love you.
Love you.
I mean the only thing that we ever heard about him was that he had a technical or um...
Yeah.
You know.
It was also colored in multi-directional.
Really?
It's zig-dentissagged.
Then there was a curve in twist involved too.
I'm not sure exactly.
I'll be in the order of that.
Well, there are probably a lot of twists in that story but never less.
Maybe Oliver Twist.
And rhymes with limp wrist.
Six people kidnapped and tortured a Jewish teenager by punching and kicking and writing
dirty Jew on his forehead.
Judicial official said on Wednesday in France no less.
Those French men.
God.
Those frogs.
Oh.
By the way, we're going to get a lot of things.
We're going to have a lot of past to prevent any frogs from coming to Florida ever again.
Now, do you have a lot of frogs by where you live in Hollywood there?
We.
We.
We be.
A lot.
Gotta do something about it.
I try to drive around them as they drive down the road slowly.
Because I'm sure a lot of people like to see frogs croak.
And if I see one standing in line, you know, we're here the ho-ho-ho.
You know, in line, I try to get into another line because I'm only going to argue with the cash register.
You see what's going on in the street by the way, you lie.
I actually had points on my Thursday.
Your false.
I saw it.
The 19-year-old victim met him with his six alleged attackers arranged a age from 17 to 20 in the Perseverababagnew.
To try to settle an argument about a missing cell phone and a camcorder, officials from the prosecutor's office in Anteri said.
The official spoke on the condition of an anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
They said the six hell of victim for about nine hours, taunted him for being Jewish, and said he was gay.
They allegedly forced him to eat cigarette butts and squirt anti-Semitic and homophobic insults on his forehead.
The victim, whose identity has been released, suffered slight injuries.
I wonder what they wrote on his forehead.
You're fairy!
The alleged attackers have been detained and investigated as file preliminary charges against them.
The preliminary charges include the committing acts of torture or barbarism and kidnapping by a gang.
I've actually John McCain was all for it.
The Bagno City Hall said in the statement that officials were shocked at outrage by the attack.
The suburb was the site of a 2006 attack against another young French Jew, Elon Helimi, who was kidnapped, tortured and killed by a gang.
The president of one of France's leading Jewish organizations, the representative council of Jewish organizations of France,
said anti-Semitic attacks in the nation were down 30% last year, but Richard Praskiy said the new attacks suggest the anti-Semitic prejudice is still very present.
The head of an organization that tallies anti-Semitic crimes in France, the BNVCA said many recent victims, including the 19-year-old and last month's attack,
were not religious Jews in that little connection with the Jewish community.
Maybe it was like he didn't some a halafah while he was walking down the street.
That's always a tip off, you know?
Not good. You don't have to be religious to enjoy a good stica halafah, especially chocolate.
In fact, if having a Jewish name was enough for these aggressors to identify him was one and two harass him, Sammy Gorslons said whoever that is.
France has watched in Europe's largest population of Jews and Muslims, oh boy!
The nation faced a surge in anti-Semitic crimes starting in 2000 after tensions between Israelis and Palestinians fought up in the Middle East.
It's like those kids when I was growing up in Rochester, man.
Two best friends cornered me in the garage one day. Why did you kill Christ? Why did you kill Jesus? I didn't even know him for Christ's sake.
Leave me alone already.
You killed the ones that were the way they were in the previous day off?
Why?
I should thank you because of that we get the day off, the going.
That's right. Thanks.
You're welcome.
And they learned that in the Catholic school right across the street from my house, Vlad said you want to talk about bigotry and anti-Semitism.
Wow! That neighborhood was like a crazier. Of course, they bit my father, man. He was a real astute guy, you know.
Not that we were religious or anything, but nothing like a Jews moving right across from a Catholic school.
Always a bit more of Pa.
You schmuck.
Schmuck, eggie?
Schmindrick.
Schlamazel.
Schmuck?
That too. I just said that.
Oh, I'm sorry. Schmindrick.
What city are you country again?
Now, you got to admit there's a lot of SH.
The world is full of SH.
You can write one sentence.
There's a lot of great Jewish words at the beginning with SH.
And speaking of SH.
Prepare for his democratic fall.
There's that old schmiggy, a job on the road with a puff of tea.
First in Florida, now in Atlanta.
Now, you think if you start, I know we had the Schmink cancer, but you think if you stuck like a pin in that cheek of the ear would come out.
Oh, there's that a bash.
He's marrying John King.
Day in Donnie King.
He's in school and her brains out.
Maybe that's why she's got that little shrunken head now, you think?
Maybe.
What city or country do you want to visit that you've never been to?
Oh, there's look at that.
There's John McKinley with Charlie Christ.
Uh-huh.
Birds of a feather can sort together.
I would be surprised if they were doing something.
I don't know exactly what, but I'm sure that's something you do with the...
Wreck.
Yeah.
What city do you want to visit?
Roll, M-D-A.
Amsterdam is 69.
And what did you go for?
Vancouver.
Really?
Yeah, but I want to change it to New Zealand now.
New Zealand 47.
Who put New Zealand on there, right?
The name of my list.
You did?
Yeah.
Why?
Because I want to go there.
What about Australia?
Did we put that on our list now?
Yeah, a lot of people.
I want to go down under.
Uh-huh.
China 41, Havana 37, Paris 29, Berlin 27, Vancouver 25, Israel 19.
Brazil 17, Sweden 17.
We find a lot of anti-Semites there in Sweden.
Spain 16, San Francisco 15, Copenhagen 10, Toronto 9, Peru 7, Boston 7, Chicago 6,
Bahamas 5, Colombia 5, New York 5, LA 3, Mexico 2 now.
Wow.
Taco must be awake.
And Jamaica none.
Nobody wants to go to Jamaica, Monika and buy it on the street corner.
Why do they have to go all the way there?
Right?
Right.
And the great news is we got 509 votes.
Nice going, Josh.
Chris will be very pleased when he comes to the Mar.
If he does come in tomorrow, well, I won't be here tomorrow.
So when I was in like a triff, well, I'm just letting you know.
So if there's going to be another filling, it's going to be somebody else to fill in.
And that check hasn't arrived yet, either.
Damn it.
I think Brandon had a point about that.
Yeah, Brandon's got a good point.
Here's your guys begging me to send him a check.
I told you why I can wait until Monday.
He needs it for this weekend for a bachelor party.
He knows it takes several days for the male to get from here to there.
And it's very unreliable.
And sometimes it takes like a week.
Now, if you needed me to FedEx, it's here like with some kind of emergency.
Even able to cost me 30 bucks to send the FedEx.
I would have been more than happy to do it.
I, you know, what's 30 bucks when you're sending somebody a thousand?
Been delighted to do it.
But no, no.
I sent it to the male so you can bitch at me.
But oh, it's not here yet.
It's not here yet.
You screwed up my life.
Oh, the Texas caucuses 56 to 44% for Obama.
There's your prison.
It's clear to me.
I know it's clear to you.
That you're a butcher.
It's clear to me that you're a butcher that the economy's gone to hell in a hand basket.
You've destroyed the economy.
That's just a discontent to the whole freaking world that the, uh, oh my God.
US dollars worth about a quarter of a cent.
And thank you for those little gas price.
I'm going to go out and take about 500 bucks and fill up the tank of that potty.
You're meaning the best out to the museum.
My job is at the time 62 AM.
The fourth leader.
Two young.
Coming next year, the king of pot furniture is your hometown.
To aim to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys.
It's Michael Jackson.
Straighten them until they didn't take it.
I've got a very appetizing Michael Jackson.
It's gonna be so hard.
This is a fun to many times.
It don't matter if he's back or fight.
Michael Jackson.
Yes, Michael performs all of the trades yet.
From oldies with the Jackson 5.
Still in the ABC.
I'm getting down on my knees.
We're moving to Dumb and Reak.
A-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B.
That's right.
From the time the students of the Jackson 5,
three Classics no more work.
Michael Jackson's benefit to your aims to please.
Mr. Beagle, I'm so remiss.
We thought you didn't lie.
Some funny big brothers, some are better.
Files.
And there's no one to defile.
I just sit for a while.
And B-D-B-D-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-
Um, hey, uh, am I guilty?
Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
Well, it's inside the couch.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And since you fly, it's time to free Willy.
Say, say, say what you want, but you know who I give a beer.
Please don't know how to read, but fit so boys get me a beer.
And here's the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song you wrote for the showrunner of the world.
With the Vienna boys choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
I like real children.
They are the ones who turn me on and get.
I hope they're willing.
You're fair.
It's a choice of making.
I like school, I like life.
What is true?
They make the greatest name.
We make a choice.
Here are their great Michael Jackson classics.
White Billy's jeans.
Do you know how to tell blind?
And of course, smooth criminal.
You have with Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Classy School.
I'm the wayward boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys entertaining, been free when a company buying their one.
They're white.
They're really really tired.
They're like a real white.
They're really really tired.
That plane reminds me of some good news.
You know what that is?
What?
We don't hear almost anything about him anymore, but it.
Take through those.
I mean, OJ, he refuses to go away.
Every two weeks there's another OJ thing.
And Brittany, well, we had several days of peace and quiet from that bitch.
But Michael has kind of like gone away.
He's over there in somewhere in the Middle East.
He finally got the clue.
Should have done that a long time ago.
We'll be right back.
He kept inflicting himself on us.
Remember me?
I never wanted to.
I finally figured it out that the less said the better.
Right.
So anyway, Howard Dean, who we just saw in the before on a whatever we're seeing it.
Whatever it is.
We never really got some shit about this.
Listen to that.
And Angel Fowls.
I like that audio.
I like that.
Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean,
urged Florida and Michigan Party officials to come up with plans to repeat their presidential
nominated contest so that their delegates can be counted.
All they have to do is come before us with the rules that fit into what they agreed to
a year and a half ago, and then they'll be seated Dean said and around interviews today
on networking cable TVs making rounds.
The two state parties will have to find the funds to pay for new contest without help
from National Party how we said.
We can't afford to do that.
That's not our problem.
We need our money to win the presidential race, he said.
The rules were said a year and a half ago, Dean said.
Florida and Michigan voted for them, then decided they didn't need to abide by the rules.
While when you're in a contest you need to abide by the rules, everybody's got to play
by the rules out of respect for both campaigns and the other 48 states.
CNN's John Roberts has deemed that he thought the Florida Republican governor was trying
to influence the Democratic race.
When you look at the players involved here, Governor Chris is Republican Roberts has
Dean.
It may be in his interest to have Hillary Clinton be the nominee because Republicans would
like to run against terror.
Hillary Clinton got most of the number of votes in the primary of Michigan.
Are there any honest brokers involved in this discussion?
Of course, you got votes that were both in Michigan because there were nobody else on
the ballot.
Nobody.
Nobody.
She got 55% against nobody.
You put your finger on exactly the problem Dean told Roberts.
If you argue that this after the fact, you're arguing to advantage one campaign or the other.
I have to be the referee in the honest broker and say we'll stick to the rules.
It's the only way to maintain the integrity of the process.
The rules may be wrong, maybe Florida and Michigan wish they hadn't done that now.
I suppose they thought they would do it and come up and bush us into violating the
rules.
Bush us into it.
How do you like that?
Or maybe he meant push us.
It says Bush us.
You know what that means?
No, explain it.
I'm not tough.
The Department of Homeland Security is working to protect our transportation systems.
I know what I'm going to do with infrastructure.
Sure.
What are you preaching to acquire insurance on it?
Are you on there?
I'm sure you're not.
I'm changing it right now to leave it.
I'm sure you're off of there.
Put on anything else.
Maybe the horse racing channel would be good.
Ooh, concait and Garcia.
Maybe some hockey would be good.
I'm sure a parents would like that.
How much I can find some hockey in NHL?
That was short.
Colesie doesn't get a good look at it.
Totally now six goals in the past eight games after going zero.
Four teams.
Two teams.
Thank you for that with some velocity.
Oh, wait for the official.
Oh, it's Chris Cuthbert.
It sounds like somebody took a rope and tied it around his nuts.
So anyway, let's see.
Washington beat Buffalo three to one.
That game.
Last night's game.
Who don't want to see that now?
You want to have a replay of games from last night?
I don't think so.
Maybe some old leaf games from 100 years ago, back when he used to win a game or two.
Here's a race from Dubai.
He does back.
Middice LL goes the way down the side of the course.
He's a length and a half in front of Lucky Fied.
He'll go deep now, goes to 30.
This whole thing with these British race analysis.
Trevor Demon is great.
But all that.
Of course, this guy's in Duby Duby Dubai.
And why is it that the English people?
I guess it must be a British thing.
What's that?
The British influence in the Middle East when they were.
The British Empire.
And when they were colonizing all the places.
Right.
Am I right?
Yeah.
The damn Brits.
Oh my God.
Let's go to that British Empire going out.
How that worked out.
No, those Arabian horses guess where they came from.
Tanzania.
Right.
Yeah.
Right.
Gail Collins writes a column, Hilary's Edge.
Gail Collins in New York Times.
She's got to be new.
I don't know who else she is.
She's had a few columns here I read in the last couple of weeks.
And I never heard of her before.
But I better do the break first, because I'm on a step all over it.
Well, there's the police commissioner in New York talking about that blast at the Army recruiting center this one.
Oh, we're doing canvases and.
What we do?
I'm about to be.
I'm about to be.
Yeah.
See, this is the problem.
The 24 seven news cycle with all these talking ahead the channels here.
Right.
I got to get off of this crap.
I got to cure.
I got to take the cure.
Let me scan the movie channels.
Maybe a vacancy is on.
Well, here's my friend.
It's not my friend flicker.
It's just flicker.
As in like fluky asses over there and out of my face.
Look, a booker still life.
And I don't want to see that seven swords.
I'm sure a few people that say sword.
Nope.
Drop dead sexy.
The world.
As in we are the world, the reflecting skin, the wackiest something or other with who is that?
What?
I know, but I sure like to know who that is.
Maybe maybe a date would be good.
The reflecting skin, earth, the final conflict, dark, alien tree.
Extremely bad on the report, but if not, sir.
That's the groinie weavers in that.
In alien tree, did you know that?
Yeah, he said all of it.
CSI Miami that uncertain feeling, the nature of things, forced ten from Navarone, bang.
I bet her.
Wanna see bang?
I thought maybe it was the one you were talking about.
Reach, reach, bang, the gruesome twosome and the magnificent seven.
I was thinking of the gruesome twosome.
We got the jerks and the twiek jerks and twirks coming up.
It's a lot of twos.
Whatever the hell it is.
Is he gonna get on time today?
What happened yesterday?
The tweak is not a...it's not doing the show right now.
What does that mean?
He got suspended.
Yeah.
Oh, let's do the break and then we'll find out why.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is your logic.
425.
62 AM.
The fourth leader.
Only in the Banana Republic, baby.
Only in Miami.
Don't we haven't heard it in a long time?
Does it?
Tee-why, we know it.
Oh!
Looks like the Biker Roast.
Nice.
Smells like body rolls.
Barbara Bush has already fell.
And I told her I stopped now.
It happens when she realized.
She raised her crib in the clouds.
Barbara Bush has already fell.
Nice.
And she has me.
Oh, then she's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
She's gonna get on time.
Nice.
Tee-why, when she's caught.
Barbara Bush has already fell tonight.
Nice.
Tee-why, we know it.
She gave us your spoon.
And she had spoon.
Not just that.
She's healed.
Bob and Bush, she's even chipped back.
And smells just like the magic sauce.
It's not a big hat.
Barbara Bush remembers on his 49 on a band day with Marty Theroux.
Stop and think for just a moment about George Herbert Walker Bush, Humping Hurr.
You know, that'll cure you of all you.
132 or 560 WQA, and we got 540 votes on that pool.
And Josh Cordis is about to tell us why Tweet twerp twitch, whatever we're going to say.
I think he's been getting the up-to-date story right now as we speak.
He's giving it up.
And as soon as he comes in.
Who's he in the briefing from?
Carlos.
As soon as he comes in, nothing when you're thinking.
As soon as he gets in, we'll debrief him.
Yeah.
Or you can.
You've been rushing him.
I'll say anything on the air because it's like, you know, like that.
Too bad.
I know that they had relegated him to the night shift.
Here's what I do know.
But I'm not up to date.
This is fascinating.
How come now when did this happen?
Apparently the incident or chain of incidences that led up to it happened last week.
And so this week Tweet was not doing the show Carlos is.
So whether or not he's been relegated to the night shift as I was originally told,
or he's been just full-on suspended, I'm not sure.
Oh, look at that because it says on here the church.
I didn't even look at the schedule.
The church are with them.
Carlos.
Allison and Carlos P.
Yes.
Carlos Perkiri.
Have you ever seen Carlos P?
No.
He's a nice guy.
Well, wouldn't you have ever seen him?
You probably have.
He's been here a long time.
Yeah.
You just probably never noticed him.
But he's not good looking.
No.
No he's not.
So are you really ugly?
You'd think so.
Well, I'm a nice guy then.
Can't you give me a straight answer?
See, that was the straight answer.
Well, no, that would not be the straight answer.
Is he ugly?
He's non-descript.
Oh, okay, like you.
You're a non-descript.
You're not on the way that I look.
I'm way more non-descript than he is.
Really?
Sure.
I don't care what he looks like.
That's not the issue.
So what, you obviously know some of this.
Why do we need to wait for Josh?
Because I'm not up to date and I could be wrong.
Okay, let me just apologize.
Why is that suspended?
I thought he was just reallocated.
And this is the guy that the jerks brought in from somewhere from some other station?
Right.
From ESPN, I believe.
From Bristol, Connecticut.
To come down because he...
Shale.
I beg your pardon?
From Sinclair, from that station.
Oh.
Next time?
Uh-huh.
What city or country do you want to visit the most that you've never been to?
Is our pool dates going over good?
543 votes.
It's a good pool.
Especially this time when people are playing the vacation they can afford to take one.
The url, oh, I better look it up.
While we're waiting now, how long is this going to go on?
And he's going to get this lowdown.
I mean, do you ever come in back?
You know, Cordis.
Well, I hope you're not...
$103.97 in Burial.
All $104.02.
You can't even read it fast enough before you get the numbers out.
There goes with those numbers.
The Dow is $950.
Canadian, the Luny, $100.00, $1.00 and a half.
$1.00 and a half.
The Euro, oh my God, almost $154.00, $153.70.
Oh, brother.
Oh my God.
Okay, let's get back to the pool.
Is he coming back in or what?
Hey, Josh, come back.
Yeah, come back in.
You're supposed to give us the lowdown.
Quit, uh, you know, being the Yenta.
No, no, we want him to be a Yenta.
Well, a little bit of a Yenta, but not till to a car.
Yes, it's up.
But hurry on back.
Okay, here's the roll 98 that's been leading
right from the beginning and why not?
Amsterdam 74, New Zealand 50,
China 44, Havana 39.
Berlin, do you have any desire to go to Havana?
Not currently, but maybe someday.
Maybe someday when the Rural would either a little bit better.
You bring all the casinos back and it's a glitzy Christmas.
Berlin 29, Paris 29, Vancouver 26,
Spain 20, Israel 19, Sweden 19,
Brazil 17, Than Francisco 15,
Copenhagen 11, Peru 10, Toronto 10.
Boston 7, Bahamas 6, Chicago 6,
Columbia 5, New York 5, L.A. 3,
Jamaica 2 and Mexico 2,
so Jamaica, Mexico, or 5.
They're sucking wind in last place.
Now, if he come back in or not.
Not.
Well, what is he doing out there?
How long could it take until his story?
Maybe he went to the bathroom.
What do you mean he went to the Bat Room?
He said maybe, I don't know where he is.
I'm in the text.
I don't know where he is.
I think that just like the day that Zach was going to come in
and tell us to load on on Mo.
Toto, tooto.
I think somebody intercepted him in a hallwell, too, Bob.
We'll squeeze the information out of them one way or another.
Yeah, just like that squeeze,
he's at Taco Viva and Josh Friedman's perfect.
Florida and California states what's significant in
investor speculation over building during the Rural State Boom,
help push the percentage of homes entering for closure in Asia.
Mike, direct at highs and industry groups says today.
The other Florida and California had 21% of all outstanding loans,
but responsible for 30% of new for closures in the three month period
ending December 31.
And Florida, 10.69% of borrowers with first-leaning homes
were behind on payments for in for closure compared to 7.86% nationwide.
The percentage of new for closures in the table was 5.19% from
3.52 in the previous quarter, driven by a large percentage of defaults
among subprime borrowers who got loans despite shaky credit.
More than 17% of all subprime loans ended for closure in a fourth quarter
compared to just 2.66% of prime loans.
MBA economist Doug Duncan said the state's for closure problems
with the result of interest rates be setting on a justable rate loans,
coupled with falling home prices.
We don't expect to see the pick and loinquencies of foreclosures
until mid-late 2008 with a slowdown activity and seizure of credit markets
on consent, adding the significant tightening of lending
stands by financial institutions and also delayed the market's recovery.
Recovery, my ass.
Okay, now what's the story?
He come back here.
Yes, I'm in here.
Okay, now this, you do understand you were out there for a long time,
so we're anticipating a lot of information.
I'm sorry.
But we're going to do that.
You don't have a lot of information?
About?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
I'm going to lynching party against Michelo Bama unless well thought Bill O'Reilly's a prepare of hate green tooth red next thing is great. Yeah, they're not building what he does best. I don't want to go on a lynching party against Michelo Bama unless hang
them hang them they feel a little riley and hang them hang them from the highest tree one lets me a fun tree. One more time well O'Reilly ain't no done on this only right wingers been
I don't wanna go on a lynching party against Michelo Bama, unless...
Hang up, hang up, take the little Riley and hang up, hang the bad ass on my tree
Oh, let me upon freak you, for the 10th bullet, hang up one more time
I don't wanna go on a lynching party against Michelo Bama, unless...
I'm gonna go on a haul and wander around for a few minutes, so you guys carry on. I mean, what was that all of a sudden?
I'm sorry, man, I'm doing like 800 things at the same time.
Why? I'm screwing up, because I'm on the phone, I'm doing something like I'm sorry.
That's my bad. They're bugging the web business.
So let's get that story.
It's really not a good story, that's why it was over.
No, he basically...
That's why everybody wants to hear it. They don't wanna hear any good stories, they wanna hear a banster.
We'll be the judge of it.
I mean, basically, all there is to it is that he normally, before your show, you show up...
Before, or however, he actually gets here at 10 a.m.
I don't know what he's doing that whole time, but he gets here at 10 a.m. for a two-minute show.
And I get one day last week, he had his phone off and showed up five minutes before the show started, so he got suspended.
Oh, by the way, he got suspended and got like the QAM punishment, which I guess is to work overnight.
So I was right about that.
Yeah, he got punished to work overnight.
That's the suspension? He works overnight?
I guess that's what the QAM suspension is.
On ESPN radio and aircraft?
Yes.
Wow. That's a fate worse than death.
Now, can you get in there by midnight or what? He probably got some heavy duty stuff going on.
We don't know.
He's an idiot.
He noticed.
I mean, I'm not saying that coming in one day at 5-1 is...
I'm sure that somebody got really parked off about that.
Like, 5-2, like 5-4.
I mean, 5-2, that's what I meant, 5-2.
Somebody got really upset about that, like the guy that does the show?
Probably got like psychotic about that.
I think it's the guy more running the show.
Like the station, you know, your boy Clarence.
Well, Clarence got upset about it.
I would imagine he's the one that would have to make the call.
My boy Clarence?
That's right.
Because you're a buddy, you're a pal.
You guys sit there in the meetings together, man.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You guys just sit there in those big meetings and sit around in a big circle.
One can only imagine what goes on after that.
We're going to have 38 degrees, man.
It's a little bit of sunshine, blue sky.
I'll be out of here at noon tomorrow.
I'm not going to worry about torque and tweaking.
I can't worry about that.
Because it looks to me like where we degenerate back into that sandbox phase again.
You know what I mean by that?
Yeah, that's all right.
The sandbox phase.
Like, there are a whole bunch of little children running around.
It was kind of that way when we came to QA.
All little sports nerds, man.
We're doing our bedding on this and bedding on that and the handkerchief.
Like, Hank was like the cheerleader.
He was like the pivot man.
And Clarence was one of those people back then with Donnie B.
And who was the other one?
Who was the one that gave me that movie?
The Shawshank that I still have a watch.
Jason Blasball.
Jason Blasballs.
Yeah.
Jason Blackballs.
Or is it Jason Muballs?
Oh, the chronic encoco, my God.
He said, today's pool about places you never remember.
You don't remember what you were going to visit needs the choice other.
No, it does not.
No, it doesn't.
So we'll probably want to go to London.
Okay, so let's put London on there.
He says, this isn't like I hate this pool.
It's legitimate and really needed.
So I don't think it's really, we've got almost 600 votes on there.
During the show on a new pool we just put up this morning.
I think that's pretty heavy duty, myself, being the pool my student that I am.
Cross with all the respect.
Do you think we need other on there?
No.
No, of course not.
So probably I hate answers like that anyway.
What?
I hate those catch all answers.
I buy your used jewelry.
If you have gold rings, gold earrings, I'll give you cash.
If you have diamonds, bring them to me.
I'll give you cash.
I love gold.
Bring me your old gold and I'll give you cash.
Because...
I'm the cash man.
I told you Oliver Jewel, I love his spot.
I don't know why.
He's a silly guy.
He's standing, he's got all this money in his hand, he's waving it around.
I'll take those, I'll take all the 50s.
Thank you.
And the hundreds.
So anyway, put London on there, it'll make Russ the chronic and cocoa happy.
I mean, wouldn't it have been much easier to just say London's on there?
I mean...
Why does it have been easy when you can do it hard?
Okay, London's on there already.
He didn't vote for you.
Come on, Russ, get with it.
Somebody's had a vote for that place.
Who wants to go see those pasty constipated birds anyway?
You can go see Buckingham Palace and the changing of the guard.
All those constipated bastards standing there.
It's like seeing the Stiffs and Amsterdam on the Damarack.
You know the Stiffs?
Yeah.
The painted, what do you call them?
I don't know, the guards?
No, no, and Amsterdam, the guys that stand out there and paint their body and stand
at like...
The mines?
Yeah, the mines, like Marseille Marsau, like mines.
No speak of the anything.
You ever seen them?
Not around here?
Well, there's lots of men.
I know what a marble is like.
They got their little thing there and you know, he's supposed to vote some coins in there for them.
I never put any coins in there.
What the hell am I going to put coins in there?
Standing out there, painted silver, whatever.
I'm thinking to myself, boy, you look like an idiot.
What's the big deal with that?
But you know, there's sluppers.
There's a lot of desperate people around the world.
The beggars.
Vegars.
Sperson, change Mr. Azaco and A.
Haven't I stayed anyway?
Get out of my way, okay?
Get out of my way.
Go find a job.
Like the window washing kids, you know, with the stoplights, we got plenty of that here.
They never tried it with me.
They better not come anywhere near that damn solstice.
Let's head over right now.
I'll pull out my six shooter.
I'm an American, man.
Get out of my way.
I think all you got to do is say I'm an American, then they run for cover.
They think you're going to shoot their ass at the smart.
Yeah, that's right.
Run for cover.
So that, that's kind of disappointing.
I thought it was going to be like some kind of a juicy story.
I should have made something up.
Well, what were you doing out in the hall then all that time for?
What were you doing out there?
I was taking a huge dump.
Oh, well, somebody didn't just tell us that.
I don't know.
Do you relay all your personal business?
Yeah, actually he does.
No, I am so do you.
So do you.
So what?
I do.
Oh, first of all, you didn't ask me.
You didn't ask me what I was doing.
I just figured you'd assume if I was gone for life.
You were told me that you went out to get the update on what happened with war.
What I walked by, he was talking to Carlos and I speculated after.
You're an English guy.
I'm in race to the tea room because I didn't food all the free lunch.
I could have had the dinner.
Something was making it so good.
It's war against race to go to Poland.
Well, I'll tell you one thing.
We sure did the proud with that today.
We had a good, we had done a good job.
Oceans two, three, four, two, three, four.
Pete Laine must have been pleased.
Now what does that mean?
He was.
He should have been.
And so were the people.
He could have been, and I think we made up for the fact that the second spot,
see we didn't need the two spots before the noon thing.
See what I mean?
And the second spot I was able to add a whole bunch of other stuff on thanks to the website ad.
And make it like into a real spot as opposed to the,
oh, tune in and noon and buy it.
I'll go online.
I mean, I didn't do that because it was already a mood point.
It was already over with and they were all gone anyway.
And once they're gone, you know how that goes.
They're gone.
And they were gone.
In 13 minutes, and a lot less than that really.
I'm going to have a chat with that guy who's in charge of that page.
That part of the, I assume, site, well, no, it's a thing.
So I mean, that thing was no 13 minute deal.
Right.
It was more like a 13 second deal.
Mm-hmm.
But nevertheless, we've done a good job.
And I certainly hope you got some of those certificates hanging on.
I do.
Standing by.
I do.
All right, tomorrow morning speaking of standing by,
you got to be a lot of pressure.
I sure hope that your buddy Chris comes back tomorrow morning,
where he's going to want to be getting suspended too.
Like from the flag pull out there.
Like by the next door, while all those old infants live.
They're going to hang his ass there.
Because tomorrow we got the ratings coming out 10 o'clock,
they're going to trend.
November, December, and January.
And Eddo.
Now, even though you hate to pull,
I think you're going to be moving into the Sante in this.
Are you not? Yes, we are.
Yes.
So let's hope we had a gigantic, a huge January,
so we can start getting prepared to spend that bonus money.
What's your name?
The best talent.
You're realizing that support for your F-60 Q-A-M.
The S-4th leader.
It's me!
Why are they town?
They're prepared at F-60 W-U-A-M.
Oh, God, don't go in there.
You hear my stomach, my boy?
I want more of you.
I don't know what I'm doing.
People heading home from work.
Late one night, when they fall, they're fine.
I'm a fast food line.
They pulled in and gave their order to the girl.
And the next thing you know, they started to earn.
And they got help.
They're still excited to blow.
And they got help.
A burning inside their throat.
They had a smell.
That's when they started to blow.
Yeah, I don't know.
They're feeling well.
They've been a beanberry toe.
It's not certain that cause the case of the arc.
It's causing all this diarrhea.
But none of the sick are going to die.
They've just done a case of ecolon.
They've gone out, gone out, gone out.
Yep, so they started to blow.
They've gone out, gone out.
A burning inside their throat.
They had a smell.
That's when they started to blow, gone out.
Feeling well from the beanberry Joe
Should have skipped the down shallopah
You might not have made but super
Next time you pass the sign they know
Even though it's grilled so it's good to go
Lots of people got to pick and wish the day on the gun
So they could hunt down the people who think outside the bar
The pain from the crams they felt even their gut
So next time they'll just go to pizza
Now it's not go pal
That's not an excited to blow
From the taco hell
To burning inside their fridge
It had a smell
That's when they started to blow
Not feeling well from the beanberry Joe
It's not go pal
Buh
Buh
And I'm gonna go
Bye bye bye
