New person of this park on the roof
Next lot's for me
What is drumming?
It was Jimmy and Nathan
Mark has group incorporated
Oop
What a counter call
Eric and Trin will be
Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck
No, drum
Always drum
You're showing me
I am a
For the lottery
Remember drumming like a classic song?
Sure
You know I do
You do?
Come right up
Squire the U.S. team
Sounds like she's born by the title of the sport league
I thought, Trishney, I'm a
He was very tell
This is the interesting
Was not for me
They held a big convention
For a purpose
For a purpose
For a purpose
I don't idea what I was about to see
They were speaking in tongues
That they
They believed me
Of a
What was kind of fun
Just to get out of my mouth
Speak in tongues
They got me believing
My tongue is weaving
From side to side
What happened?
No, no, no, no
No, no, no no
No, no, it will now embraced me
I wet my tongue to the sea
뭐가
Doctoraaaa
What is a打
Whatever I do, feel forgive me
Cause now I speak in tongues
That makes me believe
That rip, that rip, that
And I'm having fun
That rip, that rip, that rip
Playin' rounds with my mouth
That rip, that rip, that rip
I'm speaking to
No, to 5.50 WQ AM happy Friday to all hallelujah. Thank the Lord. It's Friday
I told you Joe is gonna be back today and you guys are like, oh, no, I don't think you guys anything about it
No, Chris. Uh-huh. He's he's been enough for guys lumpy. Listen to
Lunk he's never gonna have to be two guys anyway. He's giving me no. No, I don't think so. I think Monday
You don't think that's the problem of the voice of reason
Oh God speaks there is a reason I said it and that's because I heard it I
Hear it with my own money here
You know that's to read I was telling you about that they were teasing on wrong story
Yeah, very disappointing. Well, yeah, it's kind of like guilty association or innuendo or like that
It's not the big blockbuster. I thought I was gonna be about your gay governor
How well did Florida governor know alleged child porn peddlers the headline sounds really titillating but it's
Florian's were shocked last week. But I'm police and I'm so that these spokesmen for the states to promise children and families have been arrested and charged with peddling child pornography
Oh my god, but
Buried in news accounts of the case was a curious detail the official in question had listed the state's current Republican governor Charlie
Christ gay as a reference when he applied for his post in 2005
Governor Chris return to the news is the nation awaited the outcome of the Republican presidential primary in Florida the sunshine states governors endorsement
A John McCain late in the campaign may have helped push McCain across the finish line to take the state's 57 delegates
Chris endorsement also contributed to winning the campaign of Rudy Giuliani who had heavily courted the governor's thumbs up thumbs up where
back home all
Just after the Florida electoral contest Tampa Bay police announced the rest of Al Zimmerman
The spokesman for the state's depravada children and families
Zimmerman a former TV reporter
was charged with eight child porn accounts after taking photos of 200 age boys performing sexual acts
Some evidence indicates he may have met one of the boys on the job. He may have had additional victims
He could face up to 120 years in jail
While the news prompted state officials to say they were reviewing the personnel founds of state employees for red flags flags
Zimmerman appeared to have come highly recommended when he was appointed was posted in 2005 among the five references
He listed one of them was Chris then the state's attorney general under fat as governor Jeff Bush
Charlie gay Christ
Christ's office is implied that the governor had little direct connection to Zimmerman and listing perhaps state officials as references was a routine matter
And a BAP report noted the governor doesn't recall authorizing a recommendation for Zimmerman
But I that they often is asked to give them the spokesman Aaron Isaac said Sunday
But according to some earlier accounts Chris was directly aware of Zimmerman and his work as an on-air talent for a Tampa area TV station
A spokeswoman for the governor said Chris news and men through his reporting job in Tampa Bay
But doesn't remember being asked to be one of his references
Regardless of how well Zimmerman and Chris knew each other and it says here knew one another
State officials made it clear that Chris was never formally contacted prior to the spokesman's hiring in 2005 prior to his appointment as a spokesman for the FDCF
Zimmerman appears to have had a colorful past
News reports in the committee faced an outstanding warrant Texas for theft
Additionally, he was arrested on DUI charges in Georgia in 90s in 2003 arrested for passing a bad check and thought but the case was dropped
As the reporter Zimmerman also made ways according to the Tampa Tribune report that Zimmerman completed called perverts in the park
provoked controversy when erred in Texas 96
The TV report focused on a public restroom in a park in San Antonio or gay men met for trists and when the news item is brought
As Zimmerman forgot to digitally blur explicit sexual images recording with the hidden camera
It also appears that Zimmerman may have contemplated a career in online pornography as far back as the 90s
News reports indicate that he and his brother brought the URL boxers or briefs.com and never began using it
While Zimmerman appears to have engaged in illicit activity online
He also created a public trail that might have exposed him to controversy had been uncovered prior to his arrest on his my space profile
He describes himself not only as a government employer, but also as a swinger. Oh
He remarks that he's looking for someone who hates to cuddle afterward as well as a friend that likes to pay for everything
The profile furthermore is Zimmerman is straight, but a friend joking his comment section that he was gay
Prompting another friend to remark if we all stop commenting on everyone's sexual persuasion
Maybe the press wouldn't have anything to report
Well, he liked everybody. He's straight
You know I'm saying I'm straight
Good straight. What's about turn? So you believe me? I'm straight. I'm talking to him around. Yeah, he straightened it out
So there's just a little I'm just waiting man. You'll see mark my words. I told you about this fully a long time ago
Mm-hmm and you'll see with your governor. Yeah, your white head Republican governor by the way just like this for another self-hating
Fag Republican God
That's like a disease, you know that self-hating thing. It is explain that to me. I don't I don't get it
I don't understand we need to somebody far brighter than us
Anyway, here's the pull yourself for me today, and I'm gonna change it. We've got a one of our demographic surveys
I'm gonna do oh well. We don't have it on her yet. Well, I fact it to Eric when he doesn't have it
Damn it
See I assume that he's got it done because I fact it like about 45 minutes ago
So I'm assuming that Eric's right on top of it, but it's Friday
You know, he's probably like several below me sandwiches now get ready for big big eating weekend
What up? I
Googled red lobster reviews and
Interesting that found a mixed bag a lot of negatives, which I expected because oh
But some good ones too
Huh, but now I can't I can't vouch for the one we never got a facts or any calls about it. You getting calls about a crisp
No idea. Well, why not?
You taking any oh for no
Call Chris and tell him about red lobster. Okay, tell him if it's good. There's one really negative one from burqa
Really so I take it you didn't go back yesterday. No, no, it was too slushy in there
I know after there's nothing all about it. Why I said I know all about it slushy in dynasty
What does that mean that when it gets slushy in that you don't want to go outside?
You know, I so
Paco brought me lunch here and so I didn't have to go out
He's afraid I was gonna slip and break my neck. We all are I
Didn't slip or break my neck. Okay. How do you like that good? I like it a lot
Jesus Christ Jack like I'm so old invalid. Well, not yet. That would be a good one
One of those things the audience doesn't know any of these people, but who's gonna push me around in my chair
I want to get to be old and gay
The best candy bar in the world is and yeah, we got some things out here that aren't candy bars per se and you know
What suace okay too bad? Oh?
Look at that Erica as soon as I said that he put the new pull up there. How do you do that magic magic?
How do you do that? He's amazing. He is an amazing human being. Well, I think he's human
The best candy bar in the world is Snickers just like the other time we've done this pull about five years ago or eight years ago whenever we done
Too bad we don't have the dates on that history thing wouldn't that be fun?
Not fun, but it would be informative
Yes, the first time we did a pull on the candy bars we had a thousand votes and this time we've already got
1159 and that's without all these great phone calls to how are we doing that like what's his name?
What was he guys named at the last call at your head of calls every single day?
Starcake. Who?
Stormcat stormcat. Yeah another chronic with nothing to say
Yeah, you think we had that calls
The only thing about the sports nerds is that they like talking to those people over it. Oh, I don't I don't get it
I just I don't know what am I missing? I don't know
I'm not a good time
Best candy bar in the world Snickers 228 Reese's 113. Well, we're not real happy about that Reese's peanut butter cups. Oh my god
Wow
A lot of peanut butter lovers out there I guess I
Mean if there's anything in the world it just doesn't make any sense to me the combination of peanut butter and chocolate
It's like guilt pickles and halva you know, just I don't know. I like the combination. It's the only way I ate peanut butter
I thought you said didn't like Reese's no, they're mushy, but there are other things that have like peanut peanut butter and like butter
I think your 70th peanut butter is 68 to I'll enjoy 51 Peter Paul I'll enjoy
Peter Paul Mounds and Peter Paul I'm enjoying that Peter Paul and Mary
Three mosquitos 50 twix
49 I don't like twix that
Ruth maybe Ruth 46
Hershey's 44 and I realized that Hershey's makes like a hundred different to bars
But yeah, we couldn't put them all on there like the one with the almonds and toffee now that's good
You've had yeah, oh, yeah, oh
That's good as opposed to like your regular waxy right
Her set of the awesome street across the street that ought to be their flagship candy bar. I could eat a whole bag easy because her
Jesus waxy chocolate
Kicked head 41 Mounds 38 Heath bar 38 M&M 37 M&M got a couple of votes $100,000 bar 37 chunky 33 Turtles 28 those are good
Cadbury's 25 they make some good stuff on your well. This is good. Ritter. Ritter sport. Did you ever have that? No?
So you're a pianist. You never had that no, never had a little place here litter. They're like square. They're like
big squares of chocolate all different kinds dark and with nuts
Cracked and stuff you never had ridder sport don't think so well too bad
Cadbury's 25 Clark bar 19. I sure wish I could find some I know Drafta Xavier Locking Club right score 18 payday 18
Mara is 16 what you McCollard 14? Yeah, I like a what you're gonna call it
Depending on who it's attached to nestlies 14 Smarties 13. Oh Henry 11. Mr. Goodbar 10 take five nine Bitto honey nine
Tootsie Roll 7 crunchy seven and what what happened with
What oh wait a minute?
No crunchy got the seven. That's not so good and
Arrow bar in last place and deservedly so six. I was in the where the hell was I that's a convenience store last night
Getting me my caffeine-free diet Pepsi and I just look I didn't buy any but I looked at the accounting there was the arrow bars. Oh
fat
Like sucking air you know like that sucking air
To make a long story short they suck
Why the you
Oh
Should
room with dead body
Let's hold this job
Doesn't drive lengthy to drink
And it used to be a movie star
She made a turn for the worst
Now she just meant drive
She'll be doing it in her hers
She replied at the war
So hot at the war
Lazy words at the war
But we got nothing you had
She replied at the war
Can I tell you another one?
Unless you do about nothing
Lindsay Lohan, she's really big news
So we're doing a demographic survey again
I know they're not very exciting
It's just a survey
Can we ever do those once in a while?
I don't think so
It's not as exciting as what your favorite candy bar
Or your favorite jar of aciline
But nevertheless
But what is?
Shantander autopsy report released
They'd prosecute or release the autopsy
And report on the death of Washington-Rettskin safety
Shantander yesterday
The report confirmed previous reports that
That of a single gunshave wound to the groin
Taylor was shantling a box robbery
It is palmetomy home early in the morning of November 26th
His girlfriend, Jackie Garcia
And their infant daughter
We're in the bedroom with them one day
Insiders and trutters burst into the home
The report shows Taylor's right arm was raised by a second bull
And after he was shocked
Our see a call 911
Rescue personnel took Taylor by helicopter
The Jackson doctors worked on it for more than 24 hours
Before pronouncing him dead in November 27
Almost a week later
Police arrested four Lee County scumbags
And connection with the robbery
They're facing first-degree murder charges
We had a fryum right there on Channel 7 news
Right on the ear
We would simul cast it
We would carry it, give it heavy promotion
Look at that!
Oh my god!
Little known until now, radio station WSVU-960-AM
Based in Palm Beach Gardens
Start airing I'mus in the morning, 6 o'clock Monday morning
Holy moly, can you believe that?
I believe it
I'mus in the morning, in the Palm Beach
Oh my god
I'mus is the boring
Yeah he is
That's probably enough to make a Sid the Kid want to get right back up there in New York man
The area will become one of the second market in Florida after Tampa to pick up
Shocked drop down I'mus 9 months after he traced the woman of Rutgers University of basketball
Fire by CBS radio in April, I'mus return to work in December at ABC radio networks
I've already got a lot of positive feedback from advertisers that SVU owner checked
Tarte about his move
And listeners love the idea
The station usually plays American standards like Frank Snottren Barberstreichs' in
In the reach of the 45 plus crowd
45 plus Maya 65 plus even older than me and that's old
So it's Tarte ready for more controversy
What happened last year won't happen again Tarte says
Besides he shows on a 30 second delay
FUTURED MAN
And it works their call it's precautions
Now what's the story on that frequency?
They're going to be kind of a signal 9-960 I never heard of it
Me either
Let me look it up
Of course I don't go looking
I'm going to look it up
Alright
Let me play some filler music
No I can't handle it I just typed it in the Google box
Welcome to SVU AN-960
Wow
SVU is that Palm Beach
Oh yeah Frank Snottren Dean Martin Tony Bennett
Woo
Can anybody pick that station up?
Maybe chicken I can tell you
He lives in Palm Beach County
960 America's best music
Slush
You got a fairly marginal website
You know not exciting
But Palm Beach Gardens
How come I doesn't say anything about their power
Their anything? That's what I like to find out
Well here we go
WSVU North Palm Beach adult standards
Wow
And it's an this is an ad
Can we find something out about them?
Does anybody know anything about them?
All they did we wouldn't know because they're not listening to us anyway
Fasted
Fasted
Well you're not talking about Shaq! We don't care about what that radio
Yeah that's obvious
Errol Steward on cars advertising in Spanish on English TV
What?
Oh this is the radio station in the US by something
Okay here at WSVU this probably give you the power, the whatever
With the directional, with the 18 watts
Oh my god
Not doesn't say that
So screw that I don't have time to fart around with you
I never heard of it
No me either
WSVU I don't think they make it
Who listens to AM radio anyway
No this sounds like a radio anyway
Now that sounds like a really negative comment coming from you
You better butch up a little bit Mr
You better be more positive about the organization
What? I'm positive
You better be positively of growth
Yes, grossed out
Anyway here's our I don't want to read the results it's a survey
It's a lot of numbers then I'll get accused of mailing it in
So I'm as hits the airwaves wow that's going to make a big impact
Not
That's one thing about even before all that controversy when he show was syndicated
And a bunch of different places
Sucked wind man never got any number
Can I have a little better?
I don't know I don't understand about better
I don't know anybody want to hear a guy that's going down the air
Or mumbling
I don't want to talk about that
What's your gender and age group?
I just about polished off the old study ruled up my sleeves and I do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
Anyhow, they all did do do do do do do do do do do do do do going forno Sah Forno Day
Now how we're coming on at this demographic survey?
Well, pretty old.
Like, clearance is old.
Oh my god.
Old.
Old guy.
Not as old as it could be though.
What do you mean by that?
Well, the over 55 crowd is, you know, not 20%.
Yeah.
It's too many.
Still.
Go away.
No, don't go away.
Just go out there and, you know, get some young people.
Of course, how would we get any new young people?
Because I guess it's probably because of the tremendous
promotional campaign going.
Get the new film.
Let's get some real watch-adds.
We get 50.
We get 40.
4th leader.
It's that 12th Friday, you bastards.
That's all right.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
Now the talk's picked hands on you.
And the powers you pose at.
Since you saved his life, with your life, sins are lies.
He's got a job for you to do.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your doom.
With the big, bigger chest and full bruise you like dress.
They'll send you down to our own grave.
Oh.
That's Mary.
Hey.
Who'd with the speed and what the sound?
Sags the bad guy straight to hell.
When a film thinks darks too well, with no limits then we know.
Your impression goes with most fighting blood.
Oh.
Oh, that's back.
The machine is right, man.
The machine too, huh?
Second story is for your information.
Don't read it on the air.
Well, I mean, if you want to, I'm just letting you know.
So just go start reading it and then say, this isn't something I want to read on the air.
Why not?
Why not?
You'll be the children now.
The lab test will be more than just sweets in candy.
That's the other one that you do.
That's the one I can read.
And the other one is sub-rosal.
Let me look at the other one first.
Now you've peaked my curiosity.
And it's for the audience to say, are we wanting to hear the other one?
Well, too bad.
I mean, you decide.
Well, let's see.
The other one says, good, no.
This isn't the same story about the chocolates.
Right.
That's all part of the same thing.
That's not the one I should, uh, you'll see.
It starts with an email, Hager.
Oh, it's an email?
Mm-hmm.
Is it an inside job?
No.
From one of our student listeners?
Okay, let's see.
You know how they listen outside the building, but not inside the building?
So anything's going on, we have to hear from people outside.
The internet stream is still running in.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
What?
I didn't say anything.
I said that.
Oh, I was just doing my Arnold impersonation.
Speaking of that, I wonder, I was thinking that this morning while I was shaving.
I wonder if Wayne never opened it yet.
Make it hard to do.
Wait, Arnold.
That's a good question.
And of course, he won't be calling in because we're not taking any calls.
Oh, geez.
What are we going to do?
We're not taking any calls.
Send us a message in a bottle, Wayne.
Send a carrier pigeon by.
So what's the story here?
This is not good.
No, but it's typical.
Oh, yeah.
Power up to the long.
It's a long thing here, too.
Well, I'm actually the audience who's just dying to hear about this.
But all these people getting ripped off, well, that's the way it goes.
Too bad.
If we were in the radio station, I'd go tell somebody who might care.
But they don't.
I know they don't.
Who doesn't love chocolate?
It says, here, it evokes obsession, passion, love.
This is the one I can read.
I mean, I could read the other one, too, but it'll be a very bad idea.
As Valentine's Day nears, many will stroll through the grocery or retail stores or even stop by
a specialty shop and pick up some sweet chocolate treats for their sweetie.
CBS, what is that saying?
CBS, what?
I can't read it.
CBS, something did the same, but for different reasons.
Well, CBS 11, which I don't know where that is because it doesn't say anything to stir what the market is.
And what differences may?
A few days ago, we grabbed a shopping cart and brought bought chocolates made all over the world.
We went to the grocery store today.
Good, dive a chocolate store at the mall and to the department store.
Oh, good, dive a baby.
Hello.
No one knew we were buying them to test.
We took the sealed boxes immediately to a local lab, paid them to analize the chocolate.
We were looking at four objects and one would expect to find a chocolate.
We showed people a picture of us inside that deep, sweet, filling, and they might say,
GROWS!
Which is just one of the reactions from people when we showed them what we found.
GROWS!
Many asked how can something that tastes so good generate such disgusting results.
A microbiologist strain the chocolate, heated it up and then let it dry.
Under a microscope, everything in the sweet morsels came into focus.
We don't live in a sterile environment and the good Lord gave us a stomach that will take care of any of these little bitty things,
equipped, carrying dice, a senior microbiologist with Armstrong Forensic Labs.
The lab can't, found a, the lab, found a cat here.
In the $44 box of good diver chocolates, the findings also reveal small insect parts and clothing fibers.
Well, no extra charge.
Right, look at that, those myself.
Good diver told us these are common items that could have easily entered the product after left our control.
Ahhhhhhh!
Russell Stover and Whitman share the same owner and the same problems.
Insect parts and human here in both boxes of chocolates.
FAC!
The president of the company personally wrote a letter thinking us for bringing the matter with attention.
It says the company tastes precautions when making chocolate and guarantees its quality and freshness.
They also said as envelopes and requested we mail the products back so the company could verify the results.
Clothing fibers and part of an insect were found in the pieces tested from a box of chocolate's,
first purchased a target.
Choxy, I never heard of that.
Neither.
And the letter targets said we partner closely with our vendors to ensure all our products are safe.
In a box of Joseph Schmidt confections, you insect, you heard what I said, tastes like Schmidt.
Insect parts are human here in pieces of metallic glitter, all right.
The samples.
A representative of Hershey's chocolate speaking on behalf of Joseph Schmidt said,
I can assure you all of our products meet stringent quality guidelines.
According to the lab, the heron insect parts were ground up so fine it was hard to see.
The FDA's limit for insect fragments is less than 90 percent, rodent here is limited to less than 3 percent.
Less than 90 insect fragments for sample.
Makes me feel really good.
No rodent here was found in the samples, but it's the gross effect that bothers some people.
Many of you want to know how these things end up in chocolate.
It's one manufacturer point said, it's really impossible to exclude hair, bugs, and fibers from chocolate or any of the natural food product.
I don't think I'll be ordering my chocolate latte now another year quickly added.
It's impossible to exclude hair, bugs, and fibers from chocolate or any other natural food product.
And why is that?
There's only one question I got about that.
Why?
Right.
Don't you wonder who wrote the book of love and why they can't they keep that crap off?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't want no rodent here or insects.
You know, that's the case with everything, right?
Anything's factory made.
Why?
It's just one of those things.
You're going to get stuff and stuff.
What does that mean to one of those things?
What kind of an answer is that?
What kind of a non-answer is that?
Because when you're doing mass production of stuff, you get control.
You get control of how many rats are running around, is that it?
Yeah, that's it.
I mean, you can, but that costs money and...
Well, we should have wanted to pay them for a chocolate, I'll think of that.
That's right.
So let's see Valentine's Day's coming up Thursday, right?
That's very good, yes.
And what are you eating now?
So I went from Howie.
Well, a pig.
A chicken cordon, a pig.
I think whoever sent that email to Joe Bell was right about you eating on near sunset.
I don't have any bacon right.
We'll make some of you down here now.
I don't got enough.
Well, I got the real stuff, you know, the regular, but I can't.
I don't...
I don't know.
It didn't work for me, you know, nothing in the, even in the flavor wave.
I didn't really get it.
What do you mean?
It takes a little practice.
Well, I don't got time now.
I got to do a spot at the baby in the Valentine's Day.
It's Friday, you bastard.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
My beliefs are what you require.
You will go in a lane of fire.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Well, my religion has the taste of during your sessions or your refreshments.
I didn't think it was better than yours.
I didn't think it was better than yours.
But we liked about it best for fun jewels.
Where you're addressed.
I didn't think it was better than yours.
Why religion is better than religion?
Why religion is better than religion?
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
We have a lot of respect for religion.
Friends, Qiיפura or George,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
why religion is better than religions,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
Why religion is better than religion,
My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than your orders.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to Mary lots of wives. My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our rain for mindless living, go for rain. My religion's better than yours.
Notice kind of a common theme here. Do you see that the two seconds I did earlier? That's because I was throwing crap.
I saw that. What's all this religious business you're doing this?
Because I just am tired of it. That's fine. I'm going to go.
It's a very hard and all of a sudden. I'm just overwhelmed by. I'm sick of it. I'm just thinking to my soul.
If you want to believe a bunch of stupid crap that somebody made up thousands of years ago to try to control your mind and your money and your whatever else you've got, go ahead.
But leave all the rest of this out of it please. God. I know that.
I know that. 121 Natalys on our demographic survey on here. It's not too bad. Not at all.
25 to 349% of the audience. That's not bad. Men. And female 35 to 54 we got a dozen. And we actually have a teenage young lady.
We have one female under 18. That is amazing. That is amazing. It's shocking.
So they're hearing enough like hallmark to send their very best. Oh police say female students shots of people then shot herself in Batham Rouge.
Just student. Lugin. Female. Female skin. In this particular case. Multiple victims. Reportedly shot to others that are so.
Well, crazy people with guns. Now it's his woman. I didn't say it's his possibly student, but women. Now we got ladies with guns.
Ladies with strap and suicide bomb belts. They were a thing to their waste. Crazy people all over the place with bombs and guns.
All of these things. You know what I'm saying? It's like the election returns. They should be pouring in on there.
And all the demographics. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? I'm saying where the hell are they man?
Should be thousands of people on there already. Oh yeah. Well here I am. I want to stand up and be counted. I'm here. I'm listening. I'm screwing around. Whatever.
Is there another one of those ones I can't read on the air? No, you know I'll tell you. It said George is right. Have you ever seen the shows on TV where they show how they make candies or chocolate and big vats and big factories?
Or even big. Therefore unless the entire place is in a vacuum there's always going to be stuff. Or small particles of hairs, insect parts, etc.
Or floating around in the air that make their way into the vats. Well that's crap. It's just one of those things.
Oh jeez. Makes you want to just stop eating. I mean even when you think about it even when you make something yourself in the kitchen there's the odd chance that one of your hairs is going to fall in there or something.
I don't mind if it's my hair. I mean it's good. Right. Exactly. But if it's somebody else's hair. Oh jeez. I wonder who that was attached to. I know it sure wasn't anybody.
You know erotic neurotic. 134 tallies on that thing. I want to see that thing go wild man. I want to start seeing some action. This town air every once in a while this town needs a good kick and he asked you know it.
So Brandon sent us being the student of the gunfather that he is. He sent us from Wikipedia. The crap about Tessio. Now were you asking or was somebody was asking about how they killed him?
It was me. Was it you? How did they do? It's good. I'm all my arrangements. Yeah it's good. I'm all his arrangements but nevertheless.
Tom can you get me your dog? Well time's sake. I can't do it. Tell him I can be his only business. I always like him. I always like him. Yeah.
Salvatore, Sal Tessio. Well you're sure pumping out the faces here man. You're like crazy. Hey whether you would get good. Yeah. You're good.
Oh it's a good son. You know whatever it is. Sal Tessio is a fictional character in Mario Puzzo's novel The Godfather. And look at this. He even has a birthday in a death date 18.
19.
1950. They flushed that out or what? And the film based on it in the film Tessio was portrayed by Abe Vagoda and is the other man in the sequel by John Apria.
Tessio began with his friends Peter Clemens and Vito Corleone as low level hoodlums in New York City's little Italy.
Yeah. That was a great way to place an email to the New Rogers. A comment in the Huckleberry looking to be McCain's second on the new.
I thought maybe he should. Hopefully Huckleberry hunt on McCain's second do for McCain what Julie Brun did for Gore. That's right. That's right Betty.
Incidentally February 12th is Darwin's birthday in celebration.
Brought atheists and free thinkers are hosting a picnic tomorrow Saturday February 9th at Fernforce Nature Center.
201 lines wrote coconut Creek. So let's hear it for all free thinkers and atheists everywhere says Betty. All right.
Doesn't say what time though but I'll at Fernforce Nature Center 201 211 lines wrote coconut Creek all the brought atheists and free thinkers.
As opposed to the stickers now speaking of president's day.
Because that was the deal wasn't that we could choose either Martin Luther King day or president's day off.
Yeah. And you took off Martin Luther King day. That's right.
And I'm taking off president's day which is a week from Monday.
Okay. I'm going to tell you that right now. It just dawned on me.
I was looking through my calendar and I thought oh president's day I got that day off sweet sweet.
I'll spit some wax as quote me own rose to prominence in the mafia underworld Tessio and Clemens arose with him.
He eventually settling into copo regime rules. Tessio owned the embassy club and Brooklyn and made it his base of operations from there.
He managed his mafia soldiers and was very welcome to get throughout the borough.
Most federal investigators considered Tessio the smarter. He was always the smarter one. That's right.
Saviour and more worthless of the two copos. However, according to the book he had melored considerably over the decade of peace between New York's mafia families.
By the way they have big mafia bust in Italy as did you see that?
No. Well they did. I can't find a story out anywhere but I'll find it.
His regime including soldiers Nicarachi, MoMo Barone, Eddie Paradis and Tommy Neary.
He was initially the more trusted the two copos during the war with the five families was issued the task of assassinating Bruno Tataria.
We hit Bruno Tataria four o'clock this morning.
He never really trusted Michael Corleone after he took over the family although he was thought more of the young down than that Clemens and Tom Hagen.
Ultimately Tessio ranged from Michael's assassination in the peace summit set up by his enemy's immemorial barzini in Philip Tataria. It was Bazzini all along.
In return Tessio would inherit the Corleone family upon Michael's death. Why never knew that? Did you?
Or I assumed it was something like that. I didn't know. You know, it's not.
No, we didn't know that.
And Vito's funeral Tessio told Michael he'd set up the peace summit to be held in his territory in Berkman where he'll be safe.
However, Michael had anticipated the plot by a warning by way of a warning from his father who had intimated the person who approached him about the peace summit would be a family traitor.
Tessio's betrayal, as it came as a surprise to Hagen who thought Clemens would be the turn of count, however, Michael wasn't surprised saying it's the smart move. Tessio was always the smarter one.
A few days later, Tessio was ready to head for Brooklyn with Hagen, one of the members of his regime tells him that Michael is going in a separate car.
Tessio's frustrated saying that it messed up all his arrangements. At that point, Hagen tells Tessio he can't go either and several button men surround Tessio.
Realizing that Michael has found out about his betrayal, Tessio asked Hagen to tell Michael that his betrayal wasn't motivated by any personal animosity simply by business. Always liked him.
Tessio was executed with a gunshot at front-blank range by his enforcer Nick Garachi in the book The Godfather Returns.
According to this book, Garachi succeeded him as Kapo, but in the original book Al Niri took over the old Tessio regime.
Remember Niri and the bishop? But I'm saying, he had that the gun hidden in the box at chocolates. I wonder if there was like heron rodent stuff in crap in that box, you know, with a gun.
Because he remembered, he's on the train and he opened it up and he actually ate one of the chocolates. Remember that?
Yep. Probably had schmutz on it.
In the video game adaptation, Tessio is escorted to a place where he was to be trained Michael by the game's protagonist. He subsequently fled, but was hunted down and shot by the enforcer, by a bing.
And he was dead. Scoot up all his arrangements, too, once he was dead. But nevertheless. So there you go, you asked for it and...
The screws up above my arrangements.
There it is. Speaking of crazy people, Dick Cheney is if we needed any more proof.
The controversial interrogation technique of waterboarding was a hot topic in the House Judiciary Committee hearing yesterday, in which Attorney General Michael Mccasey said the Justice Department would not investigate the legality of action to be US interrogators on terror detainees.
CNN's Situation Room, you know, that's with the Barbison Wolf Blitzkrieg.
Right. Reports that Vice President Dick Cheney and Arden Defender of US tactics in the war and terror and a crazy person for sure was defined about the use of waterboarding on subjects and in appearance yesterday at the conservative political action conference in Washington.
Cheney said that he supported President Bush's national security decision, which included the approval of waterboarding along with other harsh interrogation tactics.
I've been proud to stand by Bush, by the decision he's made to Cheney, who then asked, allow a rhetorical question, would I support these decisions today?
Your damn right I would, he answered himself to live here.
Oh yeah! Bar!
Far Bison, man. That's Dick Cheney. Guard leaders. Hostel either way.
That's him. And he's still there in spite of all of this talk. Dennis Kusin is going to do this and this one's going to do that and then preaching this one by Vipa.
And Nancy Pelosi says, oh, we don't want to do that. We don't want to make anybody angry.
Very sad man. Zinedomeric, it's all I can tell you. And you know, you know something, if I had my choice, I would prefer that the Corleone family ran America as opposed to the Bush family.
Oh, there couldn't be more crooked. Handle the money a lot better, I'll guarantee you that.
What biggest name? The best talent. Your business name, Roger.
It's 4.560 QAM. The sports leader.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is your brain. Any questions?
60WQM. We got the jerk show at two, mad dog 4 to 7. Not at the Super Bowl, by the way.
I see clearance got that part of it right today. Nice car clearance. Use simple ring idiot.
Dolphins all assets with very be talented red rate and 7 to 9. Then the D.A. show 9 to midnight. And then after that, go to sleep.
Here's a very sad story.
Wanna hear it? Yeah, why not?
Hey, it's the weekend. Who cares? We're not gonna get sad. It's cry day.
It's why is it a cry day? Yeah, you bastards. Let's have a great try.
A clay county floor to man is done after his motorcycle was struck from behind by his wife's Corvette.
Oh my god.
It's your messed up that beautiful Corvette, too. That's a shame. Doesn't say what your Corvette was or anything about.
The FHP said 62-year-old Thomas Robinson to pull up to a staff light-nourage park with his wife.
63-year-old Annette Robinson following him in her car Wednesday night.
Well, that's unusual to start with a husband and a wife both have the same last name.
We never get that. The kids and maybe two.
Authority said the wife may have been distracted when her car rode up out of the motorcycle.
Thomas Robinson was thrown off and run over by the Corvette and died at the scene.
FHP said the accident is still in investigation. I'm likely any charges will be found.
She didn't do it on purpose that we know of it. You wouldn't want to mess up a nice Corvette with you.
Of course not.
I wonder what it looks like now. I want to see a picture of that vent.
But then there will be cry day. Nothing worse than messing up a beautiful Corvette.
There's something worse. What's that? Not having one?
Okay. That's not good.
Let's see if they answered mine. Oh, they really didn't.
See, well, it's Friday. You know, people are finished up the week. They're busy taking their paycheck to the track,
caching it, losing it, taking their paycheck to wood by losing their ass.
I went last night, just about broke even. So, not bad is it?
Not bad at all.
Got with my terrorist and his cabin. He took me out there and then I had one of the engine cadrevers bring me back.
The engines.
Well, what I don't understand what that's really all about, you know?
What?
The ethnic nature of cab drivers.
I don't know. People find their niche, I guess.
Thirniche?
Thirnich.
If you got a niche?
Well, why is that their niche?
I don't know.
Why is the convenience store thing here?
Most of the cab drivers here are like engine packies like that.
Spatans.
Most not all.
And of course, lesbianies like my terrorist buddy.
180 tallies on that survey about our demographic in 181.
What's your gender and age group?
Male 35 to 54, 99.
Male over 55, 39.
Male 25 to 34, 16.
That's not bad.
Female 35 to 54, 14.
Female over 55, 5.
Female 25 to 34, 4.
Now, there you go.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Male 18 to 24, only two,
Salimente dose, female 18 to 24, 1.
Female under 18, 1 male under 18, 9.
And that's because they should all be in school right now.
Over the weekend, you'll see that number will go zooming up there to like one or two.
You'll see.
Won't it?
Yeah, sure, why not?
Well, you know, back in the day, once when the show was of a different nature.
In fact, is anybody I had a chat with D.A.
does he understand what this show is all about?
Because we sure don't, but...
Anybody talk with him, Chris?
I haven't.
No.
I wonder what he's thinking, you know, like...
Maybe I'm like enlightening him, but the fact that once upon a time,
this show was a lot different, you know, we used to take calls and play a lot of really funny and raunchy stuff.
Right.
And we're like that.
The world aren't fire.
That's right, we were kicking really, and we're still kicking ass, which is amazing astonishing when you consider all the obstacles that we have to hurtle us.
Well, it's not like we have any competition out there.
Right.
So I should explain to what it was like before, Joyce?
Yeah, B.J. and A.J.
Excuse me?
B.J.
Before Joyce, nasty, before Jolly Joe to B.J.J.
The Democratic National Committee is pressuring Michigan Afforded the whole Democratic presidential caucuses,
so the delegates they've lost for holding January primaries can be seen there at the National Convention,
a top Michigan Democrat said yesterday.
It's just mind blowing.
And I told you this at the time, and nobody paid any attention to me.
I said, you'll be able to vote, but it's not going to count.
Well, what's that mean?
It means that they're all bunch of idiots.
DNC member Debbie Dingell said it's unfair whether each state would hold caucuses since they've already held primaries,
Michigan on January 15 and Florida on January 29.
But she said that DNC is asking the two states to consider such a plan as they likely would grow as that the selection of the party's nominee could come down to the National Convention.
There's obviously going to be a lot of intense pressure to finger what out she said.
DNC spokesman Damian Lavera said the committee is not applying new pressure to either state.
We've consistently said we want states to submit plans that are on compliance with the rules, he said.
Florida Democratic Party spokesman Mark Bulbrisky said the party's got no intention of holding another election
and hasn't had any discussions in recent months with the DNC about a caucus.
Maybe we can invite Michael DeCoccus to come down. He can put on that helmet.
That should cinch it. Just like it didn't.
88.
Or maybe they could bring in helmets, acroias.
We've said all along that we're going forward with our delegate selection program using the January 29 vote.
He said we've got more delegate applications than ever.
Michigan Democratic Chairman Mark Bulbris said the DNC isn't saying anything.
It hasn't said before to Florida and Michigan.
Everybody's involved. The candidates of the DNC and we need to remain open-minded.
So if somebody comes up with a creative way that meets everyone's interest, we can do that and get the delegate seated.
He said, yeah right, get the delegate seated in my ass, not face that in that election.
Just like Michigan, there was nobody else's name on a ballot and they're going to give her those delegates.
What a joke, what a riff off, what a scam.
Lavera said the Michigan and Florida primaries didn't counter DNC rules so they can't be used to allocate any delegates.
He ended up the only way to get delegates seated to submit a revised delegate selection plan such as holding a later election
that meets DNC rules or appeal the Convention Financial Committee which will meet the summer before the August 24th of 27th,
DNC Convention Denver.
The stakes are increasing. The highs Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton compete for the delegates they need when the party's presidential nomination contest that could stretch to the spring.
The decision could end up being made at the DNC Convention which makes the question whether they Michigan and Florida delegates are seated an important strategic point.
See they can have avoided all this crap if they just waited and held the election when they were supposed to.
No, we don't want them, we don't want them.
We're going to go ahead and do something stupid and screw it all up.
Right, just try and stop them.
Clinton won both states' primaries, Obama was on-fold as ballot but it pulled his name for Michigan's ballot because the stake broke DNC rules by moving its primary to January 14th.
That forced his Michigan supporters to vote for uncommitted and hope for a share of the uncommitted delegates.
It's unlikely that Clinton would favor holding caucuses which would open the door to Obama victories in the two states he's won but there's also a pressure to hold some kind of alternative election that meets DNC rules so the states don't have to wait to find out if delegates will be seated from their states.
Both states were stripped of their delegates for violating DNC rules by holding early primaries. Democratic leaders in both states expect the delegates will be seated at the convention and Clinton recently said she would ask her delegates to support the seat in the Michigan and Florida delegation of course she would because she's going to get the crap load of delegates.
She ran against nobody. Bitch. So far Obama has not heated or called to do the same obviously it's unlikely what if it means Clinton will get the larger share of delegates from both states.
Florida's got 185 pledge delegates and 25 super delegates who face not being seated at the convention Michigan has pledged 128 delegates and 28 super delegates.
Brewer said he's continued talking to both campaigns, pressing that Michigan is an important state for either candidate to win in November.
Florida officials have said this ring state can also be crucial to a Democrat getting the White House sick.
Michigan now stop a thing about it. What's the biggest city in Michigan?
Detroit. In other words you didn't know the answer to that question.
No. I don't know from Michigan.
What are the other big cities of Michigan? Grand Rapids, Flint, Saginaw, Lansing.
Okay. If you say so. I think I've been through Michigan.
I don't know. And what the majority of the people who live in Detroit.
Right. So in other words if they would actually had, if his name would have been on the balcony where actually it would have had a real primary in Michigan it would have been really good for Obama.
But Obama, your mama, but they didn't. The whole thing was just a mess. Just all screwed up.
Well, President Bush turned native with an image of his attendances. He's got a real solemn look on his face like he really gives a cramp.
There were a lot of download videos for you. Or textures. I've been following you about how consistent between the state, regional, four and headquarters.
Who got brownie brownies in there? Can I tell them how he's doing the heck of a job, right?
That's a job, brownie hound. That was just a tragic, tragic. But you know, like I said, the media gives everybody a free pass if they're smearin'.
It's just a question of who smearin' the right people and where they're smearin' them.
201 on the survey. What are we shooting for here today? And this is before the weekend. Christmas will be after all weekend long.
Oh, about 250. Come on now. Let's have a more positive attitude, lump. 255.
Such a lump? Yeah. I know there was another word that was coming right into focus, but I better not use it.
Just look away. I will. Just like that other story that you've thanks me that I better not to.
Like you said, though, that's typical. That's part of the course. It's very typical and it would be of concern if we were at a real radio station.
And somebody would want to know that. If we were at a real radio station.
Right. We're not. We're going. And I know that if I try to bring that to someone's head. I know the biggest city in Michigan.
I never thought about it. Whatever. Like I don't know what's in Michigan. Like I think about Michigan.
Why are you that shocking? It's far away. I've been through it by bus once, maybe twice. I don't know.
It's far away. Yeah. It's got nothing to do with me.
This is far away too. What's your city in France? I presume it's Paris. Right. So it's far away, though. Yeah, it is.
I got nothing to do with that either, but nevertheless it's the only city anyone talks about over there.
Netherlands is far away. What's the city in Needlelands? I don't know Amsterdam. Yeah. See? Just common sense.
Wow. I would call it far away. What's the biggest city in Italy? Rome or Rome? Yeah.
This is your name. I agree. Well, I mean, there's like capitals of countries and stuff. Yeah. What's the capital of Michigan? I don't know.
Grand Rapids. You don't know the capital of Michigan. I don't know from Michigan.
Okay. Dancing is a capital of America. Great. Wonderful. What's a capital of New York State? Sacramento.
I'm going to go to the living room and lie down on the floor for a little while now. I didn't know we were going to be safe to capitals today.
Why not? You better listen to home ones you can have with your wife. You can have a capital of course.
You can have a little later. You can love some of your Rogers.
You're good.
I took a call from the eponics. They say the future needs right for me. Now I can't get snow job.
Because I don't got no literacy. I's talking like an old Negro. If I like to talk to you how this way. Now I can't do nothing.
But I heard it say that's okay. Change my name to shoot Rome. Drive a doo, send the quarter any candlelight.
I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside, developing their bar, grind the blues out of the teeth.
White devil's got snow job. Folkie is time.
Folibonics give my life a change now.
Got you to go in and sell more crack cocaine.
Crack cocaine.
I'm going to do with literacy. Now I've got to make more money. They were food sounds good to me.
I've got plenty of nothing. You've on a thing getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll look an old white bitch.
Steal the purse and pull her hair. Then I'm going to take some money. I was very old and a fridge had dead.
I remember when I was dealing all the white men's cars hanging outside, developing their bar, grind the blues out of the teeth.
White devil's got snow job. Folibonics give my life a change now.
Got you to go in and sell more crack cocaine.
It's 1118-565 WKQM. We have 221 F-Sir Rayman 222. That's exactly what Chris said we were shooting for.
We're shooting for it. Everybody's shooting
I'm more in that story from Bethel Rouge
You just don't know your capitals, man. Let's a capital of Pennsylvania. I don't know
Why not? I
You feel the name them off. Okay. Yeah great. I knew a girl from there
We'll feel the name them all off when I was in school and I'm not in school
I don't know New York State. I used to not in school. Let me ask you. Who's been out of school longer? You were me you
Yeah, so we want to have a trivia off or something you want to do say capital
No, but I just think that you all know some of these things. Yeah, I'm useful
Some I know you do
Albany man, okay, that's right. Yeah
Bethel Rouge police a young woman killed two female students in a classroom at a college then kill herself
Sergeant Don Kelly says police don't know the woman's names the rages or whether the killer was also a student at Louisiana
Technical college crazy people with guns just going nuts these days man
He says the first of them and apparently killed when there's seats in the second floor classroom and then all of a sudden
But I'm being
The incident occurred this morning shortly after 8 30 Kelly says Bethel Rouge police got many cell phone calls saying people had been shot
It was an accident and some people did get hurt. Here's that story. I was looking for about the mafia
See if you keep searching and searching and searching you'll find it
You'll find it. Who did that song searching?
Tell you what song
It's one and one song I'm sure there's been more than what song I would call searching
Searching or search in
Urchin
They'll Shannon what I tell you
By the way
I'm apostrophe
It's keep searching within apostrophe for future
You might want to make a request and they won't know what you're talking about if you say searching
Well, what is searching? You know have anything called searching? No, that's the only thing I'm gonna be my book
Oh, I've been searching so long by Chicago and girl. I'm searching for you by Stevie B
Searching for an urchin. Yeah
Let's see I'll find it in my book in my billboard book. I'm working for a journey. Who I'll get to the right page
I'm on the right page I'm pretty sure that here looking for a cookin
Searching by the coasters. That's what I'm thinking of at-go records baby
1915 I don't have a surgeon if you don't have that nope by the coasters. I will soon though. Oh my god
That's a classic. It's a you know novelty record
Coasters I got Charlie Brown poison ivy and jaggedy acke
I'll be man coming right at the act. Yeah, could the act
But no searching no
Well, I'll give me five minutes. You'll find it. Give me five minutes
Well, that gives me plenty of time to get back to my mafia story
Well, there's a John McCain. He still looks you know and like crazed you know like
Crazy person and
Old wow look at that looks like somebody a clawed that
Spoth there in the cheek you know maybe the dog got pissed off at him or something like clawed all up
What's happening in the
Yeah, they're all like laughing and short-legged in the truck. They're on CNN. Wow
Very sad American and Australian authorities arrested dozens of people yesterday and it take down to what they called a
Transatlantic drug trafficking operation run by the mafia. Oh my god. Amen to that
The operation codenamed old bridge
With centered on New York and the Sicilian capital of Palermo
Targeting mafia figures who were strengthening contacts between mob groups in Italy and the USA a
Federal grandeur in New York also accused 62 people attached to the Gambino crime family and offenses including murders
Drug trafficking robberies extortion other crimes dating back to the 70s and keep in mind
Presidents and senators don't have Michael. Don't have people killed or Michael or Michael either
Now he just died in the city draft an orange on the ground. Everybody died near was with the oranges
I wonder those with those great red
Sicilian oranges. Well, they just had that thing a couple days ago
And we were they get together and they throw all the oranges at each other. Do you ever see that?
What a waste of great oranges if you ever had that one of the colors those red oranges? Yeah, I've had them
I don't know what they're called those are the best
The red orange juice from those sure
Mom amia
What I really meant to say was
Today we're able to bring closure to crimes from the past US attorney Benton Campbell said in Brooklyn
Today we seek justice for those men and their families who make clear that those crimes and those victims are not forgotten
The sprawling indictment covers gang-line killing from the days when the crime family was run by Paul Castellano who was assassinated
1985 some of the charges alleged more recent crimes including credit fraud conspiracies and theft of union benefits
In the 170 page in damn and authorities alleged that associates of the crime family extorted people in the construction industry and
Bizzle from labor unions engaged in loan-sharking and bookmaking
All of these things the massive investigation also includes charges brought in the state court by the Queen's district attorney
The federal indictments targets include a long list a well-nosed mob strip well-known mob
Just and people believe to be top leaders in the Gambino clan some of them already served prison time for past defenses
Among those being saw was the reputed acting boss of the Gambino family John Jackie the nose the Mico
Who's accused of playing lead role in a broad-racadtern in company Jackie the nose
Organized crime still exists in the city and state of New York City General Andrew Cuomo
We like to think that it's a vestige of the past but it's not
As of yesterday morning the FBI had arrested 54 people in New York City
It's northern suburbs New Jersey and Long Island as well police in Palermo said they hope to bring in 25 to 30 suspects
But 30 man authorities in aroma said they were targeting alleged members of mafia families who controlled drug trafficking between the two sides of the Atlantic
There's been renewed attention to the Sicilian obvious ties to the West in November when police in Sicily arrested
Savatorial lo piccolo lo piccolo piccolo how would you say it? Well, what that would you know about piccolo?
No
Okay top mobster on the run while we would say that here we would say that in English but not in Tariana
Man Savatorial lo piccolo a top mobster on the run for more than a decade was trying to become like close enough for his next boss of bosses
At the time investigators one that lo piccolo had been working to mentize with the West attending clans such as the Gambino and in Zerillo crime families
Those relations were wrecked during Sicily's internal mafia war of the 80s and the rise of the
Corle oh look at that Corleon AC clan the Corleon AC clan
Who which dominated like Jose Nostra to the rest of boss Savator total Reno in 1993 and a successor Bernardo Provenzano in 2006 the Corleon Ose clan AC EC
Take an EC
The Gambino crime family's been the subject of a steady stream of government indictments and prosecution since its late Don John
Gaudi was since the life of prison in 1992 one acting boss after another is gone to prison including a son John Gaudi
Junior was not named in this most recent indictment and the government's last time profile attack on the family the younger
Gaudi freed after completing his prison term was tried three times on charges that it conspired to murder the radio talk show host Curtis
Sleeveau for insulting his father
Each trial ended in a hungarian prosecutor's crime to give up the KO case last year
See we don't we don't have to worry because we like them off you
Right we like them. Yeah, just hard. They don't go out and show after innocent like man-woman and children like your president
For example, they don't feel like millions of innocent people tend to be as bystand
Right
Before in happens you get it here
John I miss the talk show host made a low key return to the airway of this morning
I miss again expressed remorse for the racist and sexist comments that got him fired. I will never
Say anything
In my lifetime that will make any of these
Another
Whether
That they accepted my apology
Civil rights activists do plan to protest here this morning back to the studio
Looks better than a white radio show every morning on TV. What just about anything
But that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teaming up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old lady
Listen Bernie. I'm it. Sell that infamous copy
Sucks yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's County this I
Bomb the air. I did a hammer to bite into this muffin
Just on the back press one blade my nose. See his wild behind the scenes at it
I
Don't
I'm a Iman you're the walrus two cook at you and I get me some fresh coffee or fire
I'm a he's irreverent. So I want to deal the point
Topical what's the deal with his watergate? He's in coherent. I'll tell you why that
Is the government president but what?
And he's only on MSNBC my people channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to now
Somebody got some fresh jingle it's iris
1132 and 560 WDQM. We're hanging in on fire thumbnails man. Are we going to feel like that?
Sure something now. I'm ready to send me the peak Clements of things from Wikipedia do you want to hear about Clements?
Sure
Good time in fact what we could do is we could go down every character in all three God five us
That's right and we could read their story and then it will be like a midnight. I want to know about cheek
Cheech
Peter Clements
1890 to 1957. I see I don't understand how can they have dates of date and birth when they're fictional characters
Just you know when you write a book
Just to say you all you flush out the characters just in case it might come up, you know
You know you have it all with that
Sacramento good you ever been there? No, I love Sacramento man. It is so hot and but they're not human
Dry heat but not dry heat like Vegas where you're like always feel like you've been like I don't know
Did the L.A. but that was a hundred years ago. Well, don't go back. I don't want to
Peacomens is a fictional character appearing in Mario Puzzo's novel The Godfather and two of the three films based on it mostly Clements and Godfather 3
Although you know who made Eli Wallach made up for him by eating all those extra canollis
And his young adulthood in the Godfather part two Clements is portrayed by Bruno Kirby in his later years
He's portrayed by Richard S. Costelano who sleeps with the fishes now by the way because he was fat really fat
Vagan fat dead am I right? Yeah
Peter Clements is one of two later three copper regimes in the Corleone family that they're being salvaged to a tessio
He rules over the family's territory in little Italy
Although he's less intelligent than his friend in counterpart Tessio
He said to be more brutal and directed the book and a film he may be perceived at first as fat
Dinnwooded thug but later on he's shown to be a formidable assassin
Especially when he's showing Michael how to use the gun put the tape on the handle and put a beep put a boop put a bow
Clements became a friend of Eto Corleone after immigrating from Sicily when Corleone held a package of guns from the
Renter discovered by the police
Although he's a native of Italy and the Godfather to show him speaking perfectly local attack in his young man in his 20s
And the Godfather and older Clements just speaks with a highly pronounced New York Brooklyn accent
And that is correct
Like when he says well like this
Please look at now that's not it
Take the gun only what's the line? What is the line the one that you keep the word we're insisting? Oh there you go
Look like a brush. Don't keep insisting. What do you say that?
Insisting what when you were I did once and then I was wrong and then I stopped
One of the few remaining hints of his attending roots is they for rom pronounces Corleone is Cor- Cor- Cor- Yane
Huh?
Cor- Yane? I don't get that a friendly in Jovial man
He was known as a storyteller among many physical sequences and family members of trade that endeared him to veto
Who pulls at the scrap is a listener to storytellers
Clements he got to start selling stolen goods such as dresses and guns with veto
Antesio as far back as 1917 and became a key figure in the growing Corleone family or is that Cor- Yane?
Cor- Yane
Fido kept him close to the years for instance Vito makes Clements a Godfather result of son Sonny and handled Sonny's training once
I decided to join his father's family
However, this was to control his brutal and more ambitious tendencies even though he had mellowed someone in a decade of peace between the families
Clements a plays a key role in Amy Michael following the shooting of veto
He remains he retrains Michael how to fire a gun walking him through the scenario for sesney
Virgil's lotso and get someone to plant the gun prior to the assassination
One of Tessio's men we know that right in the wave of killings that cement's Michael's power
Clementso garited Carlo Ritsi for his role in setting up Sonny for the assassin you have to answer for Sonny Carlo for Santino
During the murders of the heads of the five families
Clementso personally shot Don Stracci in his bodyguard as Clementso's reading of Michael is Don Michael is the end of the book
Is Don Corleone at the end of the film that convinces K-Edom's Corleone that her husband has become as ruthless as his father
Is it true Michael is it true
Just this one time
I'll let you ask about by my business my monkey business
My his forces include soldiers Pauli got to believe teachy al nirin Rocco lampone
He handled many of his men closely proud of picking lampone as a copper regime and locating niris the success of do look a bronzi
He can also be cruel with them when he found out that God who have been collaborating with Solonso
He saw as a personal betrayal orchestrated the execution personally with Rocco pulling the trigger
That was Pauli
My right yep
Pauli sold out the old man that's trunce
Oh Pauli once he handled him
Right strunce sounds like some food like strudel
Strunce
Ironically Clementso literally means mercy or forgiveness in Italian the English cognate is clemency
And Mike Winegardner's novel the godfather returns Clementso stands in his Concelerate Commission meetings
During the course of the book since Tom Hagen is no longer Concelerate and also he's not succident
So can't be involved in these meetings
He died of a heart attack shortly before 1958
A consequence of his excessive lifestyle and autopsy revealed his heart was twice the size of a normal man's
Wow and Godfather Partoo Willie Chi Chi appears to have denied the stating that was no heart attack
But no further info was given
Pete Clementso was succeeded as copper regime by Frankie Pentangeli
Wow
And Puzzo's novel the succident Clementso's featured in Sicily where he meets Michael Corleone in order to arrange a safe return to America
And also to oversee the safe passage of the novel's lead character Selva Turk Rilano
And this novel he has an older brother Dominic Clementso is an old-fashioned and respected mafia Don
Neither Clementso nor Michael Corleone are featured in the film version of the novel presumably because of copyright restrictions of a godfather film franchise
Clementso was originally supposed to be churned in the godfather Partoo
However, Castelano demanded that he write off all of Clementso's lines himself
He write, uh, said write all of them
Along with a large salary increase and they said hey Pete bye-bye
Francis Ford Coppola refused that Clementso killed off replacing him with Frankie Pentangeli
Thank God. Oh, we got to love Frankie didn't we?
Yep, Richard S. Castelano and Bruno Kirby appeared together on a TV series in title of the Super in which they played a father and son
You ever see that? I didn't know and you know what? I'm sure glad I did not doesn't sound so super no
Well, there you go. So there is a Clementso
And if you didn't see the godfather, we don't want to know you. We don't want to talk to you
We want nothing to do with you. We could but we don't want to
254 our goal is 10 million today on that survey of people listening to this audience
What are you? What's your gender and age if you got one?
If you got a gender if you got an age you know, do you have to ask somebody about it? Come on
Let's go now. Look at that. We got female under 18 one and male under 18 one kids given school to listen to this show
Aren't they and probably get a much better education listing right here?
You know back in the day when we used to really do the near-rights show you be amazed
How many kids used to take their Sony Walkmans to school and listen to the show like during lunch hour and then during those other boring classes when
They were supposed to be like paying attention
Look at his name. The best talent here is male projects
48 of 5.60 QAM
The fourth leader
And the Michael Coyote will get this
And the Michael Coyote will get that
So I said yeah
5.60 you gotta be happy kid me radio presents another channel changing management
OJ and Danny
And I'm Danny Canal
What a game yesterday
Oh yeah what a game
Go dolphins
Been a big fan all my life
You know when they are made I lost the game
But we gotta be done gotten something right with the cleats
Yeah depending on the field condition you need the right cleats
The cleats they make critical and if they did of our game of
And that mean it is what it is
I thought they handled the ball really better with the right cleats
So that mean they can remember the ball really well
Yeah really well
Yeah they ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran it ran the ball really well
Yeah they ran it really well
When they bought the oh oh oh something
But I do believe they really played well
Yeah they played really well
Well you know when they got the one edge cleats instead of the three colder inch cleats
Really better but they couldn't go with the cold of inch cleats you know
You gotta have the right cleats
Yeah you got something to say
I hear this up by 5 6 7 8 9 10
Oh yo
What is this
You getting your checks from the dolphins or something
Which was all this game worship
No I mean there's more important things going on
Than the garbage you're putting on the air
You know like it
Toon out
I said toon out
Right I will
You don't put a list of it right Danny
That would match been says
Right
Now it's like I was a saying about the cleats
Yeah um the cleats
That die was wrong
Cleats are very important
They got the big cleats
Small cleats that cleats think
Leads
Shop cleats
Tau cleats
Cleats for the feet
Cleats
Cleats
For the feet
Yeah
That's what I got me some cleats
All kinds of cleats
That's the cleats
For the feet
Cleats
Cleats
Cleats
Cleats
As could say cleats
Cleats for the feet
As in 15 defeats
It's a 1146 14
Noon in 560 WQA
And
And the brand in the semi
The Frankie Pantangely pages
I'll save this for a little later on
It might get a little bit ponderous
All right
Now yeah
That's the thing
That's good like interspers
Yeah as we go along
In fact maybe we'll do that every day
Or just spurs
Here's a fact from Paul and Coral Gebbles
So since you said you got Father Brandon
Did you happen to see the Audi R8 commercial
That debuted during the Super Bowl
No I did not Paul
Perhaps you haven't already commented on it
But if not you can view the commercial
Simply by logging into Audi's US website
And AudiUSA.com
If you haven't seen that figure love it
Thank you Paul
I'll put that over here in my
Pile of things to take a peek at
Peeket
274 on that survey of our audience
On our demographic are you alive
Are you dead
Are you brain dead
That's you
Yeah
My cock will be speaking of brain dead
There's a day he will continue his quest for the Republican nomination
And directly appeal for support from backers of Ed Romney's now
Suspended presidential bid
Suspended a sentence
As a true authentic conservative
Consistent consistent conservative water he is as a maniac
I have a vision to bring hope opportunity in prosperity
Wallamer because I'd like to ask and look on the support of those
Who previously have been committed to admit
Fuck it be said in the statement
This is a two-man race for the nomination
I'm committed to marching on
I go stepping on
I believe in the importance of a strong national defense which includes
Winning the war against Islamic extremists
And the protection of American sovereignty
What about backers can extremists
What about those Mike
What about all religious extremists which quite frankly
I'm fed up with I've had it
Up to here
Up to where?
Right there
Oh
Really
I'm sure earlier Thursday was suspending his presidential campaign
He didn't endorse another candidate but suggested
He was clearing the way for McCain's nomination
If I fight on in my campaign all the way
The convention had forced all the lots of a national campaign
And make it more likely that
Clinder will be able to win
No, man, well we know that
We know what the Romney said
But it'd be a bit of a loop bit about
As opposed to seeing here already blue 50 million bucks
If his own money down the toilet
And he could have wasted anymore
That's what he's really talking about
He could have given that 50 million to us
The three of us
Yeah, we put it
45 million for me
4.9 million for George
100,000 for Chiconech
And the interest for a lump
Well, thank you
For a lump of coal
And maybe we need to take care of it
Maybe
And we'd have to take care of George Curtis first, don't we?
Yeah, I'd like to take care of him
279
By the way, you know what he hasn't asked me for any money in a long time
Now that's good because I don't
He could send him some
But you know what?
What?
Out of war
Right
I don't want to
But I don't got it
I got no money
I'm broke
279 tellies
I'm going to tell you by the top of the hour
If we don't have 300 on there
I'm going to be pretty porked off
We got 281
Let's see
Men 25 to 34
We got 25 and 9% of the audience
How do you like that?
However, men over 55
23% of the audience
A lot of old goats out there like me
That's good
Because they can relate
Old goats
And where the guys that got the money
You know what?
The 25 plus
Where the guys with the money
All those punks out there
That's fine
You know that
That's what they were wanting across the street
All the punks
The ones that don't have any money
Maybe that's why they can't pedal their
Rice-Round deals
Because their punks
They got two nickels to rub together
Maybe we'll give them a Steve Nickel
He'd fit in real good over there
So who's running them to join now that
Joel Feinberg's out
Stu Run
The guy who who set that memo
Dennis Collins
Yeah that's it
Oh get out here
He can run an Anico station
Are you crazy?
There's Collins
That was the one
The one with the AWS
The AWS snooze fame
Man he sure ran that thing out of the ground
Remember that Dennis
The snooze crews
How much you do huh
Embarrassment
And you're running around sitting on a big
Fleshy memos about
Stu and better not get to excited yet
We kicked your ass
With the with the Joel Feinberg there
And we'll continue kicking it
Sideways to hell
How do you like that
And I just decided during the last break
I'm staying here for the next 10 years
No matter what they pay us
How do you like that
You believe me
Nope
No
I just made it up
I know
A 76 year old Pembroke area man
Doesn't seem self as a street racer
But the law clearly does
Well I see this is not uh
Oh this is
In Ottawa
I thought it was Pembroke Pines
It's Canadian story
Norman Harding was charged going 50 kilometers over the speed of the January 17
That's 30 miles over the limit
As a result his car was impounded
His license suspended for seven days
He was flying too grand
Harding feels the new safer roads for a safer ontheriobact
Was aimed at street racers
Not an elderly man in a hurry
Driving his wife to a non-emergency doctor's appointment
Hopefully I can explain to them
I'm not this kind of person
Said the soft spoken man on his
Of his February 21 court date and kill low
Harding was driving on highway 515 toward Pembroke
When he passed a truck he said it was moving too slowly
Like most of the traffic here they're going too slow
Right too slow
Jesus
He accelerated and moment later saw a cop car
There were sirens and he pulled over
The OPP the Ontario Provincial Police Officer Clark Harding doing
130 kilometers in 80 zone
130 that's 65 in a 40 in a 50 zone
Told him he'd be charged
I almost passed out I was really upset all of the point of tears he told the son
He thanks to the faces of maximum fine of $10,000
Jesus
He said he's not wealthy in both he and his wife live on old age pensions
And they're quite home on a lake near Pembroke
I think I started
Collecting my social security don't you know
You have to pay taxes on social security
Yep
For what kind of crap is that
I mean that's that's a tax on a tax
Social security is a tax right you're just putting it back
What they're supposed to be getting it back
I mean you know it's not paying taxes on it
You know because they can just give you less
You know because all right you don't have to pay tax and they'll just give you less of it
No they couldn't give you less if they tried
They couldn't give you less if they tried
I think the max I think what I'm going to give is like
$1800 a box a month social security
And you know the kind of big bucks I've been put stashed in there for years
Been shoving it in there shoving it
Sticking it pushing it
Are we going to get to our 300 votes by the top of the hour what
93 I will do it just relax Chris just leave it in my capable hands
Okay, well no not you
I know a lot of people I'd like to have them leave it in my capable hands
But boy they were like a son of a bitch when you get all like me
Especially when it's slushy and sloppy out there
Yeah and that's pretty good
It's a taco yesterday wasn't it to bring me a nice lunch it was good too
Good
It's damn good crap because because you know I might slip and fall and break my neck and then that's right
You'll be able to collect all that money in the will you know you wouldn't
The doubt will you get in there you wouldn't what I'll wheel you around
I don't want I don't want to be wheeled around like I'll wheel you up to the slotted machines there
But there were some old guy to hit the floor a couple nights ago
I forget what night it was he just to hit the floor some 90 something guy
I'll get somebody else to change your bag not for where I was playing too
And people gathered around for a little bit and then they got back to their machines they was boring
You know the paramedics came in they took him out on a stretcher you know the whole deal sure
Sirens going on
Haven't had one sorry to go off today. How do you like that? It's almost noon already
I wonder if that's all a boot probably because it ain't such a mess anymore. There's still quite a bit of snow on the ground though
Don't you miss the snow I sure don't know
I
Don't mind the snow as long as it's not like number one on the road and number two where you want to walk because where you want to walk is snow and ice and
Right you got to slog through it especially fat, but the good news is it's already the eighth of February
So another month and this will be pretty much over and you know what they say it ain't over till yeah
Yeah, it's over fat lady sings yeah till it's over it's over
299 on the survey will easily have over 300 on this very this by the way is an extraordinarily important survey
Does anybody believe that no no well they're right it's not but you know if you say that then they're more likely to get on or oh I better
I better uh tally in there tally ho and tally in
Did we get any info about the red lofts for you no no
Come on what info like what I don't know like a facts like a telegram something
I thought it was one of the shocking moments of my life
What it was it was on Wednesday
You know nobody go great not good great
And I thought to myself holy crap here's a place I can come back and eat it again for you and that's a place where I can what
through to
Why are you such a long head
302 on the survey I told you no problem
And what does that mean does that mean something is a great significance to us or what yes and what is that I'll wait for you to tell me
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Better than 29299 it means I'll send it right now. It means it means at least we have at least 102 people listen to show still
And based on what they've done with that that in itself is a mirror
Thank you all Charlie Joe and Joyce
And turn
Actually I should have evil
Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on q8m
It come papa
Any
you
Take you make it
Make it
Make it
Yeah
I say, I deny, I see will you join?
Oye, how come you don't wear jet lights?
I'm not that orthodox, I like Jimmy Cliff
And I like a smoke-a-spit
I like my super-dry
I am a hidden stray from dying
Rast on me, rast on you, rast on black, rast on you
Rast on the tree, rast on you
I like a coach at shoot
And I like a motorbike
Chicken soup with honey, the luck
That's what I like
I never taste it
Crazzy, fresh and crans
Blankin' and give better taste
That's much more my speed
Rast on me, rast on you
Rast on black, rast on you
Rast on you, I want me to know rast on you
Oh boy
Hoi
I'm dying on the hear
Now wouldn't it be nice if we could get those clean cut of this thing that doesn't have all was really much to love droppings from back in the IOD days?
Right, well, it would be, but that's all you know
All right, some of the others
They're too loud
Why do people think all these stories that you know all about that everybody knows all about?
What?
People are some one person
And if A.M. American is fresh, that's only crashing
That's the right death away
Rast on me, rast on you
Rast on that
Rast on you
Rast on you
Yes, my rast on you
Oh, you're scoring
It looks like a smoke that I don't like, brother
That's a good thing
I always keep your pants on the butt
My eyes make me upset
I'm shaking
I like corporate knowledge
Do you like corporate knowledge?
Oh, you're crazy
You at least killin' it, right?
From 3 to 5, 60, WM Happy Friday to you
Boy, I feel a really serious joyous coming on
I don't know what that's been all week long like that
Really?
I don't know
What do you think that is?
I don't know, nature?
It could be
Maybe I'm just making up for mile like I told you
I got a lot of bacon up to do
How about a good animal would be good?
Yeah, and then Friday a boys and very animal would be great
Kind of like in the worst talking incident, international house of flakes
They could have like a gigantic tea room in there
And then like with all the different syrups, you know, to flavor your animal
Boys and very raspberry, strawberry
Huh?
Oh, I had a great blueberry animal and I hopped this morning like that, you know
Oh, it's a mocha latte
Now, do you actually eat there, or is that just a joke?
No, I mean, I have
I'm also a liar
Who hasn't?
I wouldn't call it a thing that we do
I call it a thing
Yeah
An act of lunacy
No, maybe they made a big comeback, I don't know
Although I don't know, generally remember how the buildings are used to look
They had that certain look to them
And you drive around and you see those buildings but they're like, you know, boarded up
Bacon
Are they still in business?
Yeah, yeah
They are? Sure
Get out of here
I am
Yes, you do
Not if I can help it
That's what I heard
A man arrested for an indoor marijuana growing operation after a county worker
Smell the illegal plant on a tax payment has been sentenced to 16 months in prison in Corvalus, Oregon
Smell the illegal plant on a tax payment
Well, that's really brilliant isn't it?
Who do you send your tax payment to?
The government
Aaron Bryan McCallis, 37, also agree to forfeit more than 65 grand in cash these day after Benton County
Shafftebodies found 230 marijuana plants inside his home in November
Deputy found almost everywhere when the house filled with marijuana plants from seedlings to bushes that were 4 feet tall
The operation included a backup generator to power the growl lamps in case the electricity went out
Well, that's always a good plan, right? Right
The investigation started when a Benton County tax clerk noticed that the $600 in cash in the county
McCallis used to pay his taxes smelled like marijuana
It's safe to say at least the biggest indoor marijuana bust in the last 10 years had achieved that with the
Distance Attorney Chris Stringer
The $600 in cash that he used smelled like wicked weed, man
How do you like what I'm more on? What a jackass!
You're fair!
Jesus!
The verdict
3.22 on that survey and the survey says a bunch of numbers
I don't want to meal it in
Or guess who that busted? I'm sure you saw it
Who?
Heidi Flies
Oh no, I didn't see that
Notice you'll see her, oh my god
Wow
Former Hollywood madam Heidi Flies was arrested yesterday in charges of legal possession of prescription drugs
And driving under the infamous authority said
Flies was pulled over by 9.30 yesterday morning by sheriff deputies
Responding to report of a possible drunken driver in Pao Rump Nevada
Pao Rump?
The night County Sheriff's Office said
Do you ever hear that Pao Rump Nevada? No, right
Flies 42 in a passenger in the car, John Owen were found to be under the influence of a controlled substance to sheriff's office said
Flies had prescription medication but couldn't produce a valid prescription here
What does that mean?
She couldn't produce a valid prescription?
What if you have like, you know they have those little pills, those plastic pill things?
Right
Little pill boxes? Sure, I got one
So what if you take those to make sure that you have drugs they have to do every time they die?
Go to jail, go directly to jail
I see, so you don't feed a bottle of water
That's right
And you got to write the copy to the signature
And the receipt
Flies was arrested on four counts including possession of dangerous drugs without a prescription and driving under the influence
All on 53 was arrested on charges of being under the influence of a controlled substance and possession of marijuana
There we go again with that wacky weed that America is just psychotic about
Oh my god
Crazy people, crazy government man, the DEA
A call seeking comment to a cell phone believe it be Flies's one unanswered yesterday and there was no number for Owen
Listed the cover on the directory, sheriff deputy said they didn't know if he had an attorney
If I get up and run you'll know that I'm going to have a...
All right, the problem is the problem
That's some of those things, music on that
That happened to me yesterday
Yeah
I was on the phone with a friend down there yesterday and all of a sudden I said
I think that he thought that I was like, you know, blowing off the call
But I wasn't because nature had that great lunch
That taco brought by
And I said, you know, and all of a sudden nature started calling
And so I said goodbye and I ran to the tea room
I mean, raced
And I made it just barely
But on the way to the tea room I like, there's a spot on the carpet
And I'm sure a lot of other people are going right to this
Where there's like, middle and carpet like come together
You know, where we go like, um, short
And so there's like a little tiny bit in it
And if you're really unlucky, the middle can rip the hell out of your foot
And so my toe just ripped on that thing like, you know, right?
Yeah, it's okay. I got like a bandage on this one
Sorry, but nevertheless
So if I get up and run like that, I probably won't run quite as fast
And maybe I won't make it when in which case I'll be in the shower
Anyway, Heidi Fleiss posted bail of 1376 bucks on Post-It-Bale of 1264
And both were released
Fleiss operates a coin-operated laundry called Dirty Laundry
In this desert town 60 miles west of LA
She moved to night County late 2005 after having been jailed in California for running a prostitution ring
How do you like that? She's running a coin laundry
Why not?
Wow, I don't know, it just seems a little bit of a change
Ah, cute for running it, why?
Change, coin laundry
Yeah, I wasn't supposed to be funny, okay?
I wasn't
I heard a toy to be for, there's nothing worse than people who think that they're funny trying to be funny
By the way, the jerk show will be on it too
300, now that also was just a coincidence
I know
Did we get any facts about the red lobster?
I read the comments before to show this morning, I went online and checked out red lobster reviews
And there were some very good ones and a whole bunch of really bad ones
Oh my god, are you kidding me?
Like that, yeah
And I keep going, reason I keep repeating it
Because they're not going to give me no free meal, I guess time will go over there
Plus you know me, I don't snore for free meals
Right
I'm like some of the people in this business who are always, always on the lookout for a free meal for a snore
I wonder how certain people are doing that that Burton Jacks closed down?
I don't want to mention no names
Can we burn Jacks with that short-term charge?
Uh huh
The only place that a peppercorn saw some of the desserts which is kind of strange
It was a good place, remember when we had the...
Oh yeah
That meal of Burton Jacks?
Uh huh
Pea-pea-pea-polesier and Rana?
Right
Think
Rana Wolf Rat Think
And that was the day they told us that they thought we were going to be very excited that they told the Steve Nickel to go away
They paid him to go away
Just go away
And he did
And what did that change?
That's changing it
Huh?
No, not there
At Paxton?
No
Although you know something now in retrospect
The only thing the only people there really pissed me off
Was that crazy bitch with the...
The Jew for Jesus brought?
Body?
She was a trip
Yeah, who was running around trying to convert everybody
And then of course the engineers
No crazier than any of the other crazy
Give away those 80s and in carts from I.O.D. remember that?
Yep
That's one of the reasons we don't have a lot of material that we still would have
We'd have it in the DCS right now, tons and tons of crap
It's long gone and once it's gone, it's gone
Because at Paxton we don't believe in carts
It's old-fashioned
Okay, believe it, it's on the floor, it's not bothering anybody
Oh, they didn't like it was on the floor, so why couldn't they build a cart rack?
You know?
Why couldn't they have one of those old metal racks that we have those circular racks, remember?
From I.O.D.
Sure
Those big ones?
Before we got the DCS?
Was it Tim that got the DCS for us?
It might have been
One of the ones that I mean I give, you know, Metchewin
I mean credit, hopefully
Do you think he threw up on his wedding night?
That's what I was told
As long as he didn't throw up on his wife
Well I think he did
Oh, absolutely
Well maybe not, I'm near that story
I don't want to tell you, well, I'm using the magic
Great
What a thought
It's 332, what a thought, what?
Now you're making nothing filthy
Well you were with us in Chicago when I great-tuned trip to the Ritz Carlton
Yeah, remember that?
Sure
You were there for about five minutes, I think
Exactly five minutes
Are you reading the meals there or what?
I think I ate eight free meals
Well that's not so bad
And what about at Murphy's Bleachers?
That was the free meal
And what?
I had a hot dog
Alright
There's nothing like a we need a ballgame man, I don't know what anybody says
I'm going to go to a game
What?
I'll take your word for it, I don't have one everywhere I go like you
332 tallies on our survey, there's Mike Huckleberry
Oh yeah, he's making a speech on Wichita Kansas, alright, maybe he'll drop out
Maybe they're fewer, in fact maybe before the weekend
Maybe McCain's going to have a paste on mustache, you know
Maybe he wants to be their fewer
He is not stepping aside
While we wait to hear from him in Wichita Kansas
We'll take a listen to some of the comments he gave to reporters
When he went to New York yesterday to take the Tyra Bank show
He was asked about whether or not he would be staying in
And he is saying that he is hoping conservatives will rally around him
What a puss
You can determine if we'll now rally for a round here now that probably doesn't great
And if there's a ranger or backlash, there's a big backlash that we need
Well, I think it's, you know, it'd be a natural choice for him
And I certainly hope so
Of course, because the ones they're talking about
They feed the subversed and the gay basures and all the other crazy event-joke or lunatics
They're crazy people, so why wouldn't they like him alive?
Where's the defendant?
The best definitely he has in the world
I think I'm not a bad guy
I think he's a bad guy
He exports later
It's Friday, you bastard
On the next Oprah, you'll be shocked
You'll be amazed
You'll be talking about it for the next
Tell her along until she shocks you again
Oprah makes your wildest dreams come true
Today, everyone in the studio audience
All 276 members
Get a brand new liver
Everybody different live on it!
Everybody different live on it!
Then, tomorrow, all 276 studio audience members
Get a brand new, you viola
Everybody gets a brand new, you viola
Everybody gets a brand new, you viola
The next day, all 276 members of the studio audience
Get a three-foot helper monkey
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey
Everybody gets a three-foot helper monkey
The next day, all 276 audience members get a new prosthetic arm
Everybody gets a breastplate home
I'm gonna raise a breastplate home
Oprah, giving away great stuff
She didn't have to pay for it even though she could easily afford to
And next season, everybody in the studio audience gets deadmen
Everybody gets deadmen!
I don't wanna get dead man!
Okay, you keep them toa 18 at 560 W
If you're a happy birthday to Redlands Gym
He's 61 today and he voted on the poll
And I'm his male and then he says best you in George
Well, first of all, he's a D.A. Gym
So here's the Tom Hagen stuff from Wikipedia
Do you want to hear that?
All right
Well, right now, oh, teaser
You want to hear it?
Yeah
All right now
I'll stick in my file
By the way, Scalanyards is a bomb blast killed Benazir Buto not a gun
Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Buto died from severe injury
When a bomb blast slammed her head into a escape hatch on a SUV
According to an investigator with Scalanyard
Investigators also say that while two people participated in the attack
One defy her gun, the other trigger a bomb
There was no evidence that Buto was shot
The findings are consistent with the initial Pakistani government assertions
Which trigger deep skepticism today's after death in Raoul Pindi on December 27 last year
But if Scalanyard spoke to Buto's Pakistan people's party
He said the British investigators were limited their ability to investigate the killing fully
And that the party remained convinced that Buto died from a gunshot
And why not everybody in America is fine
A lot of shootings going on man, all over the foot
Oh, there's Huckaberry had on a Gita again
No, there's a big country
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
I'm not sure if the general of religion and abuse said, not reporting allegations of child abuse to authority, secret settlements which place gag orders on something.
This is chopped off. I better not try to read this. It's chopped off. I just realized in the right hand comment you want to know why because it was on my Yahoo from our good close personal friend. What's his name? Sure, it was.
Every time I try to print out something off that damn Yahoo or Hotmail won't print. It chops off the way and don't tell me to like a highlight because it doesn't do it.
Okay. Aren't you pissed off about this? No. In the article in the long term view of publication of the Massachusetts School of Law and over mass, Dr. Fortune Minister in the United Church of Christ writes from east to west we're learning information that Dicees not only kept these crimes in secret for decades, but they also misrepresent the facts to survivors and depositions to harass the victims.
These long standing cases of abuse by pre-silence and cover up all the evidence we need that the hierarchy of the church has been hijacked by those who chose the institutional protection agenda, Dr. Fortune said.
Behind the face of robes and incense, terrible privilege was allowed to trump the gospel and they've been brought to the church. They brought the church to the brink to the brink.
The church's accusers, you know, it's our survivors of sex abuse that don't usually come forward to complain until they're beaten to adulthood.
Yet she points out some diocesan castle of attempted to utilize states' statical limitations. She writes to the fact that some dioceses not all have opposed statutory changes which would extend the statute of limitation in order to accommodate survivors and really get to the perpetrators who may still be offenders, creates huge questions in the minds of prisoners about the diocese genuine commitment to healing and justice for victims and survivors of abuse.
And of course for justice, you know where we have to go, don't you?
That's it.
Yeah, let me worry about Luca.
It looks like an alligator when he put his teeth over his thing.
Like, moved it to the general side to side.
Yeah, let me worry about Luca and he put his thing over his thing.
State officials have decided that former BSO sheriff Ken Jenny should be deprived of a state pension because of his criminal convictions and that public corruption case. Good. Hubman-Dread.
Jenny handled to collect more than 134,500 year-end pension payments according to state estimates but guess what? No chance.
The former sheriff now serving time in federal prison has till February 22, 5th, that's my favorite month, to appeal.
And you didn't even say a thing about it. February, you heard that? Nope.
We're going to challenge their decisions. Is he okay? Chris, is he like, he's fine from the sandwich.
That's fine. He's getting way greater one. Two days off.
Got a cop drop here.
We're going to challenge their decision, said Mark, carrying Jenny, Tom Hassey-Lory. He said he was still researching the grounds for an appeal.
Jenny must now ask the state to put an administrative law judge to consider his objections. Such cases are usually resolved by trial, here and said.
It's case-by-case based on the offenses people pleaded guilty or are convicted of, he said.
State retirement director Serbeth Snugs wrote Jenny at the Penitentiary in Southwest Virginia to inform him that the state will not pay his pension. Serbeth Snugs.
Oh my God.
She said to the state law that she says holding public office requires officials to maintain public trust, and that they lose pensions that they're convicted of felony involving a breach of that trust in. You breached it, baby.
And there's Barack Obama saying that his personal history and his record make him the best candidate to go up against John McCain.
Oh right. Amen. How do I lure you?
So you want to hear about Tom Hagen or not?
I do, I told you I did.
Tom is Tom Feargall Hagen is a fictional character in the Godfather books and films he was portrayed by Robert Duval.
He's the informally adopted son of Don Vito Corleone and services the family lawyer in Consolieri. Some have speculated that Hagen is based on a real-life mobster Frank D. Simone.
While both men were lawyers that came from mafia families, D. Simone was heavily involved in and listened and violated activities of the game while Hagen mostly kept his hands clean.
According to the back story established in the various Godfather novels, Tom Hagen is an orphan the son of Martin and Bridget Hagen. He also has a younger unnamed sister. His father Martin is a carpenter in violent alcoholic.
When Hagen is 10 years old his mother catches an eye in fix and results in blindness and dies soon after from venereal disease.
Ooh, remember that he's when he used to call instead of STD's it was venereal disease. That's right, VD. He sounds so cruel.
That was time's day.
A few months after his mother's passing his brief stricken father drinks himself to death. Hagen and his sister are placed in an orphanage but Hagen runs away.
The sister ends up in a foster home while the social agencies at the time failed to follow up on Hagen's case. Hagen lives on the streets for more than the year when he develops a similar eye infection.
Hagen is given more food and a cautiously bond and the Don personally sees to it that Hagen's eye infection is given medical attention.
Although the Don never formally adopts him thinking that this would be disrespectful to Hagen's parents, Hagen thinks of it to a colonel as his true father.
For your father, I don't know that was ends of the Baker.
After graduating from law school Hagen mirrors an Italian girl Theresa and offers to work for VToy's lawyer. His German Irish ancestry precludes his formal membership in the mafia which does not accept non-attenient.
Already Thai is under my crump Nick Frank.
But when VToy's considerate Genko Abedondo is hospitalized with cancer, Hagen takes his place as the first non-attenient to achieve this important role.
Hagen's ascension to considerate provokes rival mafia families to refer jokingly to Corleones as the Irish gang.
Hagen's keen mind and legal expertise making a masterful considerate integral part of the Corleone family apart. I better do the break because it's more.
Okay. I don't want to have. We'll get back to you Tom.
You're asked Tom.
The best talent he will have is the support of 560 QAM.
The support leader.
One moment please.
Yeah, what was that?
Well, something that I'm doing in Chris's in the bathroom and I don't know how long he's going to be gone.
You know, the rest of us don't know how long it's going to take.
Chris is in the bathroom or somewhere.
I mean, when he's gone this long, I don't know.
I can't imagine he's in the kitchen eating since he knew I was right here.
I'm just like, eh, I can't see him.
I'm looking around for a light.
Is there a certain purple lights?
Fill our music going in the meantime, right?
What do you mean by that?
Well, we should play some music.
You don't want to talk and start playing with that, do you?
We don't know how long he's going to take.
We don't have to stop talking.
No, what is going to happen?
No, I don't want to know what he's going to do.
No, I don't want to think about it either.
No.
I'm thinking about where to lobster for lunch.
So you can't start that Tom Hagen thing, because you know, you don't know how long you're going to have to interrupt yourself.
Yes.
You're going to have to have up in the break.
Do you have any idea what I'm going to do?
I'd have to get up and walk in the other room.
You think I'm going to do that on a Friday?
No.
How are the half before we get out of here?
I don't want to.
No, I'm all distracted already.
With what?
I can't wait later.
Yeah.
You know, this is getting to be just, you know, what?
I don't know.
It's going to be a habit.
How visual with your shore.
It's about time.
Your habitual pervert, which, of course, is a good thing.
Yeah.
367 on the survey, by the way, on our demographic survey.
I'm not going to read the results till, like, later.
I'm going to read the results till the end of the show,
because it's just a bunch of numbers, you know.
It means nothing to them.
It means something to us, though.
It's more important, I believe.
So is he coming back or not?
Listen, you want me to get a...
The last thing I want to do right now,
is get up and go find where he is.
Because if you do what I think he's doing...
You don't want to go in there.
Yeah.
Right.
And by the way, apologies to all of the females in the building on behalf of the male gender.
I walked back there on the way out yesterday.
And I don't know who did what while I got an idea.
But you know how the eventilation in that bathroom is non-existent.
Remember that?
There's a vet, but there's no fan.
There's absolutely no ventilation in that room.
So somebody went in there and did a number that would bring tears to the strongest man's eyes.
So my apologies.
Hey, Chris, you want to finish the spot set now?
Just fire something, man.
Just anything.
Just hit something.
Hit a button.
There is this.
Fall Bell South now at 866-497-Save.
Or go to bellsoft.com.
So when you're ready to get everything you need from one company, just go with Bell South.
Listening, answering.
Allying outside the building.
This last 10 minutes, you know how long that break went on?
He stayed playing the whole break again.
Oh, whatever.
Well, well, what do you mean whatever?
Let's Friday come on.
I wouldn't hear when it stopped, so he just said hit break.
I said hit something.
Here's a fact from some listed in Michigan who listens online.
Officially, Venezia could not be shot because that would make her an official martyr.
These things turn the world of the Islamist.
It says, thanks for everything in the lives to us here and you're welcome.
Listening online in the eternal twilight of Michigan.
I feel like having the eternal twilight of hell.
That's why I'm telling you.
It's breaking.
Nobody seems to care.
Oh, well, it's Friday.
What is that?
What is that?
What is that?
We could care and then what?
Yeah.
That's not going to kill anything.
I wonder what, you know, try not to do it again, you know.
Play the whole breaking and we were in the last spot.
We're in the last spot.
And the tummy comes back there lumpy and you say hit something.
So what does he do?
He starts the whole spurt break over again.
Well, he didn't know where it stopped.
Well, couldn't we like to discuss it?
Could it, I mean, was there like an emergency?
Haven't I only, there was some kind of an emergency?
Yeah, we looked at that.
And I don't want to discuss it.
Oh, I don't want to think about it.
This goes waddling out of there and all of a sudden he's in the same room doing god only knows what's going on.
I don't want godly thing.
God knows and I hope he's not telling.
I don't want to hear about it.
That was pathetic lump.
Tragedy.
So how about Tom Hagen?
So don't you think he ever like say something for himself?
Well, he'll be saying, I mean, you know, I wasn't here when it suddenly stopped.
I don't know why it stopped.
So.
In other words, you're denying culpability for this?
I'm not denying anything.
Good.
You denying creating that stance in the tea room?
Yes.
I don't believe that.
After County Corleone's wedding, Hagen's dispatched by Vito Corleone to Hollywood in order to convince Jack Walts, a big time movie studio head,
to give singer actor Johnny Vontane of Vito's gods and lead role in his new war film.
When he first approached his wall, he offered help with some union trouble, as well as getting one of Walts' actors off heroin return for giving Vontane the part,
Walts' first angrily refuses, but becomes more cordial once he finds out who Hagen's works for.
Walts invites him to his place on a state for dinner, chosen as prize-resource cartoon.
During the dinner, Walts tries to work on another deal with Hagen but refuses to cast Vontane, who had slept with one of his mistresses.
Later on that night, memory for the Corleone's still into Walts' stables and decapitate Cartoum and place the horses severed head and large amount of its blood in Walts' bed.
Severed head in your bed.
The next day Hagen receives a call from a ranting Walts, who threatens to bring the law down on Corleone's heads.
Hagen gives an unshelone response and hangs up.
Shortly afterwards, Walts gives Johnny Vontane the coveted role.
Hagen later compiles information on the drug lord Virgil Lee Church Salotto, who had approached Vontane on behalf of the Tatea's Grand family,
to help fund and provide political protection for his heroin operation in New York, and exchange for 30% of the profits.
Doctor of the man!
Vito, after considering his options, refuses to the church proposal, though Sonny saw slight interest.
How long does this go on?
We better do the next break.
We just finished a double break.
Oh my God.
Hey, a little bonus coverage for people there.
Bonus, my ass!
No thank you!
It's like we're starting to get like the other shows.
Oh here's let's go into a 25 minute break now.
We'll come back sometime.
Just hang with us baby.
Just hang by your toenails.
And like I said, maybe we'll come back.
I'm the biggest nailer.
You'll probably break twice a month.
You better make me the dude.
Go do it now.
Forks, leader.
A U. West, dude.
Hello, I'm Senator Hillary Clinton.
And I'm Taylor Loans at the Dallas Cowboys.
And we'd like to talk to you about National Shed a tier week.
Too often people hold in their emotions, and think that crying is a sign of weakness.
That's right, Tio.
Actually, crying is a positive thing.
They can get the press off your back.
Or it can help you win votes.
So join me and Tio and have a good cry this week.
Because it's not just about me or Tio.
It's about our future and our children's future and our country.
That's right, Hillary.
You'll be cornered back.
There's no fat.
Thank you.
And have a happy National Shed a tier week.
Yeah, have a good cry, man.
I can't hurt 1245 if I assisted WQA MS-RIDE.
Have a good cry.
Cry your eyes out.
383 on that survey, man.
We'll get over a what 500 maybe.
I don't know 450.
What do you say, lump?
Sounds good to me.
Lump took a dump by the way.
Well, thank you.
Actually, I was talking to engineering at the time.
You were what?
I was actually talking to engineering at the time.
About what?
Just talking to them and make sure everything was going good and everything.
And then all of a sudden this happened.
Well, that'll future.
You were in talking to engineering, which makes it a million times worse.
We can't even say what you should.
You should have.
We can't say what other things.
If everything was going good, what does that mean?
Just make sure we all have any technical problems or stuff that we need to have.
How would you ask them that?
I wasn't asking them.
I was talking to them.
To make sure we don't have any technical problems like what?
Like, you know, what the spot set ends in the middle and you're in the alley.
We're talking crap.
Yeah, we're talking crap.
We thought you were taking a crap.
Not talking crap.
Oh my.
Oh my god.
You know, see, that's the kind of thing.
Let me give you a little piece of advice.
You don't admit to something that's stupid.
Okay.
You say I was in there and my guts were just bursting and I was in there taking the dump of a life time.
Then we can, you know, everybody can appreciate that.
Like yesterday when I ran and ripped my toe, you know.
But to tell me you're in there talking engineering, having a gand faced while the break is playing,
then that's unacceptable.
I would say it's unacceptable.
We're cutting your pay right away.
Okay.
Anyway, that December, he got the ticket by the Turk.
Would you stop interrupting?
This is very important stuff about Tom Hagen.
That December, Hagen's abducted by the Turk and his bodyguards.
And an undisclosed location, so lots of informers, Hagen, that the uncorrelated one has been shot and killed
and tells Hagen to come in and study to go along with the original deal.
Hagen promises to come study down, but words the Turk about inevitable reprisal from Luca Brasi, the non-fanatical loyal bodyguard and hitman.
Unbeknownst to Hagen, Brasi was killed by Salotto and Bruno Tataria.
The meeting is interrupted when Salotto gets where the Don Corleone survived the shooting, which ruins all of Salotto's plans, as Sonny would listen to no deal while his father was still alive.
While he loves all the Corleones, Hagen idolizes Sonny, and so blames himself when Sonny is murdered by the Tatarias.
After becoming the new head of the family, Michael Corleone removes Hagen's concedury, restricting him to handling the family's legal business in Nevada, Chicago and LA, Hagen accepts the decision he remains loyal.
In Godfather Part II, after an attempt at Michael's life, Hagen takes over his acting Don while Michael is trying to find out who in his organization had betrayed him and ate of the assassins.
Hagen is instrumental in securing the friendship of powerful Senator Paggeri and defending Michael during the Senate hearings on the Mafia.
The fall of Phil Henshio Batista's regime in Cuba forces Michael to abandon his being and becoming a legitimate businessman, and retake his place as the Don Corleone family.
As a result, Hagen gives back his old position as Consolieri.
Even as Michael becomes increasingly ruthless and paranoid, Hagen doodifully fulfills his role not just as a legal adviser, but a dispassionate envoy for the family.
For example, Hagen gives Frank Pantangeli, who would be trade Michael the option of committing suicide, so that Pantangeli's family would continue to be taken care of after his death.
Godfather Part III, according to the Godfather Part III, Hagen dies at some point prior to the time frame of the film, 1979-80.
There's no specific indication in the film as to how or when he dies, except that it's before the ordination of his son Andrew.
Mike Wyingard, who's sequel to Godfather's Revenge, explains that Hagen is murdered on August 64 by former Coli O'Munderboss Nick T'Rachee, who drowns him in the Florida Everglades.
Reality then sends Michael a package containing a dead baby alligator, along with Hagen's wallow, the message Sylvester One had sent to Sonny, and the original novel following Luca Brasi's death.
Pantrick for the alligator.
Yeah, that's the name of me while.
Luca Brasi's sweet.
Now behind the scenes, the Hagen character was originally intended to have been featured in Godfather Part III, but was written not because of a financial disagreement between Duval and the film's producers.
Coppola stated that Part III was originally planned to feature a split between Michael and Hagen, and it's as its central plot.
Coppola stated in the film's documentary that Duval demanded the same salaries out, but she knew and he said, uh-uh, no way.
Can't do it, Sally.
He said, don't call me Sally, and he said, but I'm thinking, and I was into that.
So that's why we didn't see him in Godfather III.
Low budget, that's why they could afford George Hamilton, and they could afford you when I wallow Hagen, Mary, even if Coppola.
Oh my God.
He'd have another canole, you like.
I never noticed until that movie would have bad actor, he wasn't as far as some of the older movies.
He's a scene where they have to hit in the Atlantic City in the casino in that big boardroom.
That scene is the most embarrassing melodramatic scene of the movie.
Oh my God.
There are people on death row for lesser crimes than the overacting he did in that movie, man.
That was just the worst.
And then of course when I love the thing where she gave him the box of canolees,
oh you eat it, you're so skinny.
And she like, she like gums just a little tiny bit off the tip end of it, you know.
The canole.
392 on the survey by the top of this hour, we're going to be over 400.
How do you like that, fatso lumpy? He's in there talking to the engineers.
We're doing a radio show. He's in there having a confab is there anything wrong?
Such as what? I didn't know I was allowed to talk to people.
In the middle of the show, we were in a break. See, here's the deal.
Here's when you go talk to an engineer. When there is a problem, that's when you go to an engineer and say,
hey, the streaming is screwed up or the audio fault just dropped out or something.
Maybe you were having a psychic moment. Maybe that's what it was.
Maybe you knew the audio fault was going to drop out and the spot was going to stop in the middle.
We'd have dead air. But of course if you knew that then you should have sat your fat in there.
What word did you say?
I think that's what I thought you did.
Right, me too.
Oh my God. He's in there talking to the engineers having a conversation in the middle of the show.
You just are ready for prime time at all, Mr.
You ain't no Josh Cortes. Thank God.
Well, here's the good news. Okay, what?
What are you laughing about?
Is it too yet?
You know what? I think we want to do one to two.
I need to lay down on the floor.
Hey, I think Jack's ought to do one to two. Get that hour back.
We're not going to do it. We're not doing that. We don't want him to do one to two.
I don't want him. You don't want him?
I asked a crap. Whatever it is that he, you know, does. I don't want that on this show.
I don't want him. No.
And those bits. Oh my God.
Well, if you make me do it, I'll play some scat music.
Taxi rebate checks will begin going out in May.
Treasury Secretary Ann McPolson said after the House's passage of the Senate approved $167 billion
economic stimulus package Thursday. My reaction to that is stimulate this. Please.
The House to Representatives voted 380 to 34 to send the measure to the President a few hours after.
Democratic and Republican Senators reached the court and did a day-long stalemate over legislation.
Earlier, two White House officials said President Bush would support the package.
It'll be delivered to the White House today. Bush is signing likely sometime next week.
The package was passed to Senate 81 to 16. Well, send rebate checks to 130 million Americans in amounts of 300 to 600 bucks for people having income between $3,075,000 plus 300 bucks a child.
Couples earning up to $150 grand will get $1,200. What am I going to get?
But third man. Christ.
The checks are in advance on ex-year's refunds and most if not all of them, they'll be deducted from the taxpayers refunds in 12 months' time.
My team will be sitting down with the IRS tomorrow and the IRS rent the middle tax filing season.
It'll be working to get checks out said Paul's going up broke with the deal. Paul's going to have the process of sending the checks to be completed by the end of the summer.
It'll be a really bummer if you don't have your money by the end of the summer.
So now you're all rich man. I'm going to get a big check.
Big check. 300, 600, maybe 12 months.
Can't wait.
Spend it all in one place. Like Sofia told the bishop.
That was spent it all in one place.
$50 million from the Corbyone Foundation.
That would be now, I guess we've taken that poll. Who was the worst performer in the Godfather?
Did we? Did we do that?
I don't know.
Eli Wallach and Sofia Copa.
I was your channeled and it was three man. That's all you got to put on there.
Why? That's all you got to put on there.
Yeah, because everybody else was good.
Right. But those three.
What about Carlo? Why don't think Carlo was too good?
Oh, I thought it was great. He took a meeting.
And what about you?
Who?
Connie's a fiance.
Oh, okay.
If you marry this man, I'm going to be very disappointed.
It was a very lackluster.
I don't know. Yeah, he, well, that was him.
He's dead.
No, by the way, for a night.
It was always lackluster.
He couldn't sing. He couldn't act. He couldn't dance. He couldn't do nothing.
He made a lot of money, though. I won't want to pound a time.
I couldn't do that.
It was one of those teen idols, you know, for about five minutes.
Like Tommy Sands.
Teenage Crush. You're up there.
I'm capital records. Tommy Sands. Here it is. A Teenage Crush.
I like orange cream. I like it.
I like it. I like it. I like it.
I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it. I like it.
Wow.
Language tape number six. The convenience store.
Follow along and repeat.
Convenience store manager. Hello. May I be to help you, please?
Repeat. Hello. May I be to help you, please?
Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager. You want a Parliament light?
Repeat. You want a Parliament light?
Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights.
Convenience store manager.
Ah. These are Parliament lights.
Repeat. These are Parliament lights.
Ah. These one. Parliament.
Customer. No. Neither one of those is the Parliament light.
Wait. No. Is it this one? No. No. No. It's not that one.
You want a Parliament light? Yes. I want the Parliament lights, please.
Is it this one? No. The part? The Parliament light.
No. No. No. No. Get your seats up.
It's all over the drain. No. No. No. No. No.
Over there by the dirty magazine.
But get your seat. Rest in the laundry.
We're ahead. It's a Parliament light. No. No.
Turn this tape over for Language tape number seven.
Ordering Chinese food over the phone.
All right. A lot of times since I played that, not the long enough though.
101.5.60WDQM, what do you say we're going to do this hour?
You say you and Chris is doing the hour as part of his punishment for the red is ever in behavior
You were gonna you were gonna talk up Tommy Sands
Where you have it listen, why would I tell you to say that oh?
I'm waiting I thought you were gonna talk it up
Oh
Well, it's sure it's taking a long time. I mean it's there working see what it means there. It's there the file is there
It's just not firing. Well, why not?
That's
Charlie
Was a lot of hits apparently and I didn't have any of it was a gigantic it he had several hits
Ring of ding dong
Ring of ding ding my ass. No
The worry in kind we my phone he didn't have a single boy is saying well, I don't know but these were hits
I just came up on the search. She just looked good and he you know, I had that one big smash
Which means he slept with the right people whoever they were he was doing it
Never heard that song teenage question. No, what was that was huge man? Let me take a look at my book
What year was that wait before my time?
50s I
Steam Britney Spears having had our Britney story. I got one in there, but I don't think I'll get to it remind me
I'm if I forget to
Don't be making fun of Britney night leave her alone
Santa as Maralda
Who am I looking for oh is Jodie San Diego? Yeah, he had going steady with my phone and seeing boys a hunchback
Teenage crush was number two for two weeks
February 23rd
1957 so almost in a couple weeks. It'll be 51 years
I bet she's dead he was born
In 1937 in Chicago Mary, Nancy Sinatra for five years
Acted in the movie singboy sing Marty Robb babes in twirland in the longest day
Teenage crush bestseller number two if it was by sands on the
1957 crab TV production of the singing idol
How do you like that? Mm-hmm
Yeah
Fabian what
He was well. I said that was brutal
Just that little piece you don't play anymore. I won't please
Doug Thompson says to hell with the rabbit right wing at a boy, Doug either gonna find it one of these days
Maybe not we mess
Maybe like a little pool of blood that'll be all I'm gonna find first though some are Doug Thompson
You know because they both hide out in caves. Yeah
He says Republican presidential nominee appearance on McCain walked into the cesspool of Rowdy, Fratt Boy, Rebid, right wing rudeness
Otherwise known as the annual conservative political action conference and told us sometimes booing crowd that he's their boy whether they like it or not
Now that mid-Ramis welcome withdraw from the GOP presidential switch dates of up became the heir apparent to the nomination
McCain is gonna do what all Republican presidential wannabes do try to make peace with conservatives and seek their support for a victory in November
The self-righteous right wing isn't happy about this turn of events acid tongue and cold or such
He'd rather vote for a swelery Clinton than John McCain
Rush Limbaugh claims McCain is the devil himself
conservatives fret and wine and wonder what the hell happened to their party
Right wingers need only look in the mirror now to know what happened to their party if the Republican party is dead
And may think it should be then the right wing killed it in a blatant act of threat to side
Conservatives had their shot and they blew it
Their boy George W. Bush and Americans to die in a war based on lies
Shredded the Constitution and did everything he could to destroy the foundations of the country by using powers even to have
Bush's brand of conservatism built a largest bureaucracy in history and will leave office with the largest federal deficit ever
The right wing elected a Republican Congress that rubber stand pushes illegal actions set new records for pork girls spending too
The rabid right wing is the more to destroy America than any communist in China or Cuba any Islam spouting
Terrorist from the Middle East or any gun-toting white supremacist in Idaho
Right wingers are by nature racist homophobic, misogynistic and dangerous
If the federal government really wanted to stop terrorism in this country
It should be to take the list of contributors to the Republican National Committee the National Republican Congressional Committee
The National Republican Senator of Committee and last two campaigns of George W. Bush and sent everyone on their list of the prison camps of
Gitmo wouldn't take much space based on recent FEC reports there aren't that many left who still waste their money on right-wing GOP causes
But McCain like all Republicans still want to see packed to lick the dirty boots of the drugs of political activists
He declares himself a foot soldier from the Reagan Revolution a dubious honor at best
McCain may claim conservative credentials, but he isn't always has been a political maverick
The show and teller in Washington Thursday was at best window dressing
McCain will win the nomination without the help of the right wing and if he becomes be prepped it becomes present will be in spite of them
If this country swers in the first woman or African American president next year it will be in spite of the right wing as well
Right wingers like the outdated and outmoded principles they claim our husbands
The idea and so-called values died a long time ago
It's long past time for them and then will be to join the corpses in that grave
Antiboy dogs they're after you baby. They're gonna come and get your ass and then we will fear them
Maybe they should fear you that was
I know yeah, I try to make a case for that movie, but it ain't easy
I agree with you the points that they make in the movie what you know
Or good, but they're lost or the fact they're lost
You know, it's like a diamond buried deep in a turd you're never gonna see it they're appreciated
You know, maybe it was very deep in the canoe the one that you like while I was choking on
Such corn
I thought we could reason
You have to just see that one scene
When the table starts shaking in the chandelier
Quaking the her
Joey Zaza says you will not give I will take
And he storms out the door in an Eli Wallock, uh, yeah
Gets up on his king wobbly and oh, I thought let me talk to him Michael. Let me talk to him
And of course gets the hot of there because he knows it's gonna be a hit but nevertheless
It's a him they want one of the don's there you remember hanging under his coat after he got shot my favorite coat you mother
Yeah, mother efforts. That was pretty nasty language. You know, we just got shot right
Well, what would you say if you just got shot mother or something?
Sure mother Mary Hail Mary holy mother of God blessed is a fruit
424 tallies. I'm looking at the time we did this years ago
And how much younger the audience was back then, but then again, that's say years ago, you know maybe eight years ago
Mm-hmm. I mean men 18 to 24 and 25 34 we had a ton
I mean just a ton of those people now we have a dribble now. Maybe over the weekend. It's gonna change you think
Maybe those people are working there in school. I thought that as well. I'm hoping that uh, you know
Because it's pretty either it's school or work or something and yeah, we're the weekend
Oh boy
Otherwise, we're screwed. We've been over 55 we got 102 out of 429
We got 23.7 percent the first time it only 6.6 percent 43 out of 644
Old coffers like me that's what happens when you get old. You know all these people got old with me
Sorry, we'll take them don't go anywhere
We need you
Speaking of crazy people with guns. Oh, there's just so many of these stories my god
10 days after losing a federal lawsuit against the same Louis sever being assisted harassed him a gunman stormed a council meeting
He held shoot the mayor and opened fire killing two police and three city officials of thirties and witnesses said
The gun tonight identified as Charles Lee cookie thorton
critically injured the city's mayor wounded a reporter Thursday night before law enforces fatally
Lewis cap away
The only way I can put into context that you might understand is that my brother went to warden
I would the people the government that was putting turman and straf into his life his brother
Gerald thorton told KMOV TV in St. Louis he went to war with the people
Tracy panace the St. Louis County police spokeswoman said the names of the victims wouldn't be released to the news conference today
But the wounded included mayor Mike Swabota who was in critical condition last night in the intensive care unit a St. John's mercy hospital
Crab a courte
Another victim suburban journals newspaper reporter Todd Smith was in satisfactory condition dank sky
Panace said the government killed one officer outside city hall and walked into council chamber shot another one and continued to point a trigger another crazy person with a gun
Crazy
Genomic knifles a reporter covering the meeting for the senderless post this past sold the newspaper the meeting had just started when the shooter opened fire
He started yelling about shooting the mayor while walking around and firing hitting police officer Tom ballman in the head
The shooter then went after the public works director Kenneth Yost. I wonder if he is kin to any of these to play third base for the
Old Washington Senators
She also said the shooter fired at city attorney John Hensel to try to fight off the attacker by throwing chairs
The shooter then moved behind the desk where the council sits and fired more shots at council members
We crawled under the chairs and just laid their McNichols tool. I wonder if he's kin to Mickey McNichol or Christy McNichols
Or was it brother's name Jimmy? Yes, that's it. He was a great actor
Yeah
Well, everybody in the family back in the day, you know how did we like a dick van patent and his son?
Vincent van patent wow
I still get chills. I still get boost boost boost boost boost boost. He was in with Linda Blair. You know the name of
Right something right. Yes, was that it? Yeah. No, he was at the corporate movie. That was the vampire movie right
Or you could Google of incident patent or Linda Blair and you find him you have him trying not to
He was running around his underwear and so was she and they were like jumping around on that bed and got one
Yeah, she didn't get to make it in that movie though. No, he did though just about
Then he became a tennis player of incident panting the other his brother
He's got another brother. It's a tennis player. Born ugly. His father dick who was I eat is enough. He was a
In fact, I think dick van patent his first TV show was life with mama. He played nails. Nails
I did not know that. Huh? I did not know that
Oh my god, you got me 100 years old remember that
You know, it's a thousand years old remember that. Why?
What's the fill of my or was it called I remember mama? How old night? Yes, that's that tell me. How am I? Thank you
During the break I'm gonna Google I remember mama and if he's in it, you both owe me a million dollars
Forty-five sixty two a.m. Thanks for it's later. It's Friday you bastard
Oh
What was that? Let me take a look at the security moderner anything to do with sports
Well just a lot of buildings burning and carnage my cards okay though. Oh go back to the files
Oh
One 18 at five sixty W. If you am happy Friday TV we got the jerk show at two mad dog for the seven
Don't forget the D.H. Show 9 to midnight our new guy in the block. He's good
And exactly remember mama. I remember mama. What did I tell you? Well good. It's got a picture of the cast that brings a tear to my eye
1949 to 1957 on CBS 30 minutes black and white
Peggy Wood has marked a Hanson Judson layer is Papa Lars Hanson. I remember mom and Papa Hanson
Girls Mary Rice's Cape or could the catering Hanson Ruth Gates, Carol Frank Ellis Ross and guess who played Nails Hanson
Dick Van Patten Wow
1949 to 1957. How do you like that?
And the show used to start with these words. I
Remember the big white house on Steiner Street in my little sister Dagmar and my big brother Nilsson Papa but most of all I remember mama
Mama
Mama
Mama Toya
What?
What?
Mama was the story of an Norwegian American family living in San Francisco in 1910 the story is told to the eyes of daughter
Ketrin
Rosemary Rice the show opened looking through the pages of the family element remembering
Mama was played by veteran stage actress Peggy Wood who created one of the warmest characters ever to grace TV
In 1956 they canceled mama a
Papa to support from the public brought it back for a 13-week run on Sunday after noon from December of March 57
Sadly except for that last 13 weeks mama was telecast live rather than filmed so we have no tape record of that show. Oh no
Passings Ruth Gates died in 1966 of a heart attack Carl Frank in 72. Let's see who was Papa who played Papa
At Papa, oh Justin Leroy Justin Leroy died in 1979 Peggy Wood died of a stroke in 78 Kevin Crawford in a car accident in 76 and Ellis Ross in 98
But Dick van Patten he's still alive they hit him with five shots and he's still alive
How come we're so godfather intensive?
I'll be sure to Brandon send me all that stuff and it's good. It's good. It's good, man
It's good, Frank
We'll be godfather
You better make 500 on this one mister or your ass is green grass
Okay, so Tom Jones would say the green green grass or home where Georgia's smoking Tom Jones hang that
Sure did or did Angover Humberting sing that I don't know Tom Jones. I think you better look it up. You got it
What is fucking between the godfather and all these stupid songs Tom Jones you're right and Jack palants
Jack palin's he was a singer F. Mara singer man guess what
Just when you least
That's right
Just when you thought it was safe to listen to the radio again
Wow, oh yeah, he is so dead
He
People made it like
Uh lawn chanee and like chanee duny because there were supposed to be over and they play those kind of roles
Groose and rolls all who knows what lawn chanee really looked like he was always wearing makeup
That's true maybe look like
I mean, I don't think he really did look like quasi-modo, you know
Maybe he did maybe he did you right there's Al Gore maybe I do
Feel Clinton a lot of talk to me put a boot put about there's Al Gore talking up a storm
But a beep bit a boot put about said I won but uh, I don't care
But you could run again now. I don't want it. So he said I don't want it
455 on the sir. We better get to 500. We got we need 45 more people on here in 39 minutes. That's easy man
And then easy see and what do we get on the first one Chris a thousand a hundred and something
E 1172 wow
That means we're gonna be close to set maybe over
1,700 by the end of the day now granted two polls it's cheating but nobody's paying the attention
Seven bunch of old folks like me. It's all right. Nothing more we're getting old is better than the alternative
You're right now speaking of crazy people with guns phoenix
penis Arizona
I would be borrowing our angry at being denied liquor license threatened to shoot people at the super bowl and drove to
Inside of the stadium with a rifle and 200 rounds of ammunition before changing his mind
Christic should a shot Eli man. I would have done it. Not even I wouldn't have done it. So it was lost
Kurt William have a lot. I wonder if he's keen to have a lot of Alice who would all them in those sex books
And we're have a lot of Alice no
Kurt William have a lot who ultimately turned himself in and vowed to shed the blood of the innocent in a manifesto male Sunday to media
Let's according to court documents. No one destroys my dream. He wrote in other words
Another crazy guy would guns
The document say it was armor than a our 15 assault style rifle summit when he reached the parking lot in your university of Phoenix state
Him in Glendale where freaking activities were happening
He waited about a minute and decided he couldn't do this FBI's in Philip Thurland testified and an attention hearing for have a lock on Tuesday
Have a lot of the test to fight his son then called his fiancee and his parents at his condo in Tempe like Glendale a suburb of penis
He was very upset sobbing hysterically Frank have a lot said he said I've done something terribly terribly wrong
Kurt have a lot 35 of charge Monday with mailing threatening communications. He's being held without bail
Edition hearings have yet to be scheduled
His lawyer Jeffrey Allen William Allen Williams didn't immediately return calls you can come at federal authority say have a lock
Was upset or being denied a liquor license that'll do it. Let's go kill some people
A few months ago Tempe officials denied his application for a liquor license for a Halloween themed bar called the haunted castle
Tempe officials never recommended the license to the state liquor board they said
There were some neighbors who came forward said it wasn't my business for their part of Tempe
She said they heard he wanted to call his place drunken steams
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha right what's wrong with that
Drunken steams
The FBI said to complain that have a lock plan to attack super vault these stadiums and what he called a
econopolitical confrontation
I won't be bullied by the financial institutions in their public politicians. You wrote me a page manifesto
I will test the theory that bullets speak louder than words
Maybe the blood of the culpable will cause a paradigm shift someone has to start the revolution
But no one wants to be first. He said a third. He said in the complaint
Have a lock first thought of targeting a shopping center north finish before planning to attack the stupid bowl
How many dollars will you lose and all because you took my right to want a business from me the manifesto said and then just
They're crying yeah broke down in tears
And lost it and now he's a after us I guess I didn't trouble right what does that thing under what thing
Dan dan rather snort. Oh, they're right like that
Oh
All of this is good that sound that what's his name kept making a hymen roth
God was not
No, that's not it. I'm exaggerating a little bit
Yeah, that fracky man said Jewish things for meeting too much yelling. I thought it was because he was dying
No, it's for meeting too much jelly. You get a like post nasal drip
You ever see a post nasal drip just this morning. Yeah, in fact if you look across the window there you'll see a drip
God
Now when we come back to we want to do the franky plantangely thing or yeah
Very good five angels. Why not what else you got? Okay, you could kill a billion people during the century W H O says who
Aggressive diabetes treatment like to heart attacks and strokes, okay?
So just eat a lot of candy and pizza man forget about that diabetes
And if you have wildly high blood sugar like mine is today and you wonder why because I came back last night from woodbine I had a frozen
Spaghetti, geez
Before bed
Well, you can't do that and your blood sugar was skyrocketing you wake up and like that, you know
They start chopping off your limbs and you can't see too much where you're going and you're like you start screaming like
Names
Later, why do you best?
We're all going to read
That's all I'm married to done
Then Elvis lives in his car and the big food lives in France
Every time I chip down my groceries you always make my day
Look at Hillary and I didn't alien baby and there's a bad boy
So
Only
131 at 5.60 W.Q.A.M. Before we get to Frankie Quintanjali and I will, don't worry about it.
We've got any closure.
I need closure on Frankie.
You get closure. Close your mouth.
A new article by veteran investigative journalist Seymour Hirsch offered a detailed examination
to claim that Israel bought the nuclear facility on a construction serialized September
and finds that none of the evidence stands up to scrutiny.
According to Hirsch, a former senior U.S. intelligence official, who has access to
Quintanjali, said, we don't have any proof of any reactor, no signals intelligence,
no human intelligence, no satellite intelligence.
However, Hirsch found that the Israelis were continuing to stand adamantly by their claims.
When I went to Israel on late December, the government was still maintaining secrecy
about the raid, but some current and former officials and military officers were willing to speak
without attribution. Most were adamant that Israel's intelligence had been accurate.
Don't you write that there was nothing there, a senior Israeli official, who was in a position
to know that details of the raid on Syria, said, shaking your finger at me, the thing in Syria was real.
Don't you dare write there was nothing there.
And what does Seymour Hirsch said?
What?
Taxi hoist.
Okay, good.
Just one Israeli official expressed us, but also brushed them away.
Once you're in official and suggested to Hirsch that the Israelis may have picked up the presence
of North Korean laborers at the site and run their own conclusions, the Israelis may have their own spies
and watch the laborers being driven to the area of the senior officer, said, the Koreans were not there at night,
but slept in their quarters and were driven to the site in the morning.
The building was in isolated area and the Israelis may have concluded that even if there was a slight chance
of it being a nuclear facility, we'll take that risk.
Ross Dhrisal, a former intelligence officer, wrote a report last fall that current and former intelligence
privately agreed that Syrian facility was not nuclear in nature.
Hirsch's article is the first major mainstream confirmation of that report.
And Julie Berman and Wolf Blitzkrieg and too happy about it either.
Okay, let's get to Frankie Pantangeli, please.
Frankie Five Angels, also known as Frankie Pants.
1989 and 1959.
Official character from the film The Godfather Port 2 in the film he was portrayed by Michael V. Gazo,
who was nominated for Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his performance.
I didn't know that.
It's been suggested that Pantangeli was based on the fame of Mafia and former Joe Velachi, though this hasn't been confirmed.
He was born in Partinico, a small town outside of Palermo Sicily.
Pantangeli is a couple regime in the Croyley-Oni family, running the family's operations in New York City,
while Michael and Frado were in Nevada.
Frado, I knew it was you, Frado, you broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
You broke my heart.
Where is it?
Right here.
You broke my heart. What's it under?
I knew it was you.
Really?
No, no, there it is.
I broke my heart.
I know where you, Frado.
You broke my heart.
You what?
He took over the position following the death of the previous Capo Pete Clemenza.
Pantangeli is a very old associate and family friend having worked with Vita Croyley under the early days of their olive oil business.
He now lives in Vita's former estate and along Gailand.
Near the beginning of the story, Pantangeli approached his Michael O'Wass for his help in eliminating the risotto brothers.
Raffles in New York who claimed to have been promised territories by Peter Clemenza promised a prior to his death, but Michael refuses.
He orders Pantangeli to do nothing and doesn't want a war to interfere with an upcoming deal with Hyman Roth, who supports the risottoes.
Pantangeli takes this as an insult and leaves an anger.
Later that night, Michael narrowly escapes an assassination attempt in his home.
Suspecting that Hyman Roth was behind the assassination attempt, Michael meets with Pantangeli, asking him to help take his revenge.
Pantangeli agrees, promising to win this food with the risotto brothers and give it to the impression that Michael's imported their claims swiss to give Roth the impression that Michael didn't know he was conspiring against him.
You following that?
Yep, back in New York, Pantangeli arranges a meeting with the risotto brothers at the meeting Tony Risotto played by Danny Aiello, who couldn't act his way out of a paper sack.
Pantangeli was with a Gerrard telling him, Michael Croyon says hello.
Or is the, what's his name? McCloskey said, Croyon.
Remember that?
Yeah.
A policeman passes by in the murder attempt of, no, that wasn't the McCloskey who said that it was the senator.
Right. Croyon.
Yeah, Croyon.
I don't like your kind.
A policeman passes by in the murder attempt he falls into a shootout in the street.
Pantangeli disappears as believed to be dead.
Although Risotto invites Michael's, and folks, Michael's name in the attempt to hit on Pantangeli's clear from the dialogue between Michael and Frato that Pantangeli's fade after the shootout was a mystery to Michael.
This discussion happens in the brother first meeting following Michael's confrontation with Frato and Havana.
Later at a congressional hearing, Pantangeli's presented as a surprise witness by the committee.
Oh, yeah, I know we got to hear it.
Oh, I already played it once today.
Once is never going to be enough.
I can't say I'm not a Michael Croyon who did this and had a Michael Croyon who did that.
So I said, yeah, I should have.
He's been in the custody of the FBI since the murder attempt leading that Michael ordered him killed.
He's prepared to testify that Michael is said of the most powerful mafia family of the nation is ordered countless murders.
He's considered very credible since as a copo.
There's no insulation between him and the Don.
Pantangeli also instances to testify that Michael personally murdered Captain McCloskey and Virgil Solotso.
Because Pantangeli's protective custody is so secure, Michael knows he'll be unable to have him killed before the trial.
It's that he flies Pantangeli's brother Vincenzo in from Sicily who appears in the hearing room.
Upon seeing his brother Pantangeli then we can't see his earlier statements and outclaims the Croyon-ly family's innocent of any wrong doing thereby derating the government case.
After the hearing Tom Hagen visits Pantangeli and discusses how tough his, Pantangeli discusses how tough his brother is much tougher than himself since Frankie.
Hagen tells Frankie the right thing by recanting and that if he accepts to be responsibility for turning on the Croyon-ly family, Frankie's own family will be always taken care of and remain unharmed.
He thanks Hagen returns to his room and sluts his wrist in the bathtub. Thanks Tom.
The finished film leaves unclear exactly what about his brother's presence caused Frankie to change his story and early heard in the script however details that Frankie's brother himself is a hard-num mafia chiqued in Sicily.
Shocked that Frankie's about to be traded Croyon-ly is his brother appears to remind Frankie that he mustn't break the mafia's coat of silence Omar Tau.
His brother's mere presence and icy stare directed Frankie's service of threat that if Frankie follows through with his plant testimony, retribution will be taken against his former mistress and their child who are living in Sicily under his brother's guardianship.
Original plans called for Clemens and returned for part two however Richard Castelano now here's a different spin on it who played Clemens and the Godfather agreed to return only on the condition that his girlfriend at the time be allowed to rewrite his dialogue to his own satisfaction.
I see.
Rather than given to this demand director Francis for a couple or rewrote the script to that Clemens had recently died of a heart attack.
Yeah.
Pantangely was created to be Clemens' successor he first appears wearing a black band and remembrance of Clemens which how his death is explained to the audience he's wearing a black arm too many canola.
Not enough guns too many canola and a partridge and a pear tree so there you go there's Frankie Pantangely for it.
Compay.com just buzz my thing and I'm not too pleased about it.
Really?
Somebody close up.
They buzzed me.
His neurologist.
456.
QAM.
The sports leader.
Microd McBren.
All right.
The spin points back and go.
His daughter and the daughter of the tattoo go.
He said honey got money going.
But when you take in the back it's the brightest.
Go.
Go.
Go.
That band gets it.
Go.
Go.
Take your lungs off your edges.
And I'm gonna hold you down.
I like a tune of things.
Taking up a big roll of this band.
You can only buy the trail if you can't wear it tight.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
Go.
There was just a handle big fat guy.
She know I love it the moment.
That man chasing the shower now.
He needs a stick on the power.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
That's it.
Christ.
Christ.
Christ.
145 at 560 W.
We're almost out of here.
All hail the Lou.
Happy day, man.
Showing up.
That Monday just said my life back.
I think it's just, I don't know, out of going peeing.
It's just dead.
You'll never get it back.
That's too late now.
Why is that?
Could have had this hour back.
Are you deaf or what?
I don't want to.
I don't want to put him on this hour on this show, okay?
Lee's got his two hours on there.
Let him do his, whatever that crap is, either.
By the way, he lost again last night.
Now that they don't have...
What is that?
Like 20 out of 21?
Yeah, either that up to 21.
Even the runner of eight believes he's won again in Montreal last night, four to two.
Wow, must have been an aberration.
Must have been a dream.
It's got a little hockey talk going on there.
Oh, there's a, what's his name with his clothes on this time?
But to win in this building.
You know, it's just he's greater in this building because everybody is building like he's got a system.
He was naked on the internet, by the way.
Now he plays to make believe.
He's so nice and...
He's ugly.
And both of you guys play way hard.
And I think...
You're a key to him, Steve.
Everyone's so happy to end the...
Happy to read.
Well, you know, if you're playing off games, sooner or later you're going to be in one.
You know, yet he inputs and closes on you early.
Wow.
Tobacco could kill a billion people in the 21st century unless governments act now to dramatically reduce smoking.
The World Health Organization said today.
A billion people, man.
Yeah, I wasn't.
Oh, you don't care?
No.
But you're smoking?
Yeah, it's an option, see?
Nobody thinks...
He said no country in the world was doing all that could to curb tobacco use, which an estimate would kill.
500 million people who are alive today.
500 million people are going to die from those faggots.
And one of those right wingers are so averse to faggots.
You think that's what it is?
Nope.
It called on all nations to adopt a six-pronged strategy to dissuade people, especially women and young people from the smoking, and to help them quit.
Raising taxes to his highest 75% or a pack.
You know, it's like ten bucks a pack here.
What is it there? Does anybody have any idea?
I don't.
Ten bucks a pack for faggots here.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't know how much of that is taxes, but a lot, I guess.
Raising taxes to his highest 75% or more of the pack price would be the single most effective strategy the WHOS had.
Higher taxes would also provide funds to counter tobacco industry marketing tactics.
While efforts to combat tobacco are gaining momentum virtually every company needs to do more so Margaret Chan, the WHO Directive General.
These six strategies are within reach of every country, rich or poor one combined as a package.
They offer us the best chance of reversing this growing egg to the above the, above the demic.
And she wasn't talking about a package as a faggots either.
The six key measures that said government should take are monitoring tobacco use and prevention policies, protecting people through smoking bands, offering to help quit,
warning about the dangers of tobacco, enforcing bands on promotion marketing and sponsorship and raising taxes.
It named the strategy by the acronym Mpower.
Only 5% of the world's population of the countries that fully implement any, any one of the six measures pointed to the WHO.
While the UK score is well compared with most countries it doesn't have a large warning picture on cigarette packs, taxes less than 60% of the package price and promotion at point of sale is allowed.
Or the ¼ of adults, 28% smoke every day, the brits, that's why they got those yellow teeth.
That makes sense.
They don't burst their teeth, they don't put the dentist and their teeth are running like the queen.
And while she's probably got good dental.
They don't burst their teeth, burst their teeth, burst their...
Mothers teeth.
The WHO said that the tobacco industry was increasingly targeting the developing world where millions of people are becoming addicted every year.
As many as 100 million Chinese men from the under age 30 will die from tobacco use.
Well that's one thing to look forward to because there's too many of them in the first place, right?
Right.
In India about a quarter of deaths among middle-aged men are caused by smoking, at least it covers up that curry smell anyway.
It termed the rise in smoking among young women one of the most ominous developments because most women currently don't use tobacco.
The tobacco industry aggressively markets to them, it's an advertising sponsorship including charitable donations to women's causes, we can cultural opposition women using tobacco.
Product design and marketing including use of attractive models and advertising and brands market specifically the women are explicitly crafted to encourage women to smoke, smoke it honey.
Smoking impacts most heavily on the poor who spend proportionally more of their household income on tobacco and are more likely to become ill and die as a result.
I'm dying out of here.
Raising taxes on cigarettes is essential to the WHO. How about a hundred dollars a path?
Yeah, because it's been shown to persuade young people and low wage earners to quit.
Four countries have tax rates higher than 75% of retail price and cigarettes are not heavily taxed in impoverished developing countries.
Tax revenues give governments money to can spend on fighting the smoking epidemic.
Reports that the lack of funding for such campaigns was in-defensible. In other words unacceptable.
Nearly 90% of the money spent on tobacco control estimated 343 million dollars in 89 countries are spent by seven wealthy nations, less than 1% are spent by low income countries even though ill health caused by tobacco damages are economies.
Oh well, their sloppers anyway let them lose their souls.
So what he said?
Let them be their tobacco holes.
For 88, all the time we're going to fall short we need 12 more people to tally in there on that survey and we've only got 488.
You're slipping Chris.
We've got 500 so badly man and we've only got like 9 and 9 minutes to do it 490.
We've got 10 people in 10 minutes.
Canadian diabetes experts are stunned at for a major North American study found driving blood sugar levels below current guidelines appears to increase the risk of dying from heart attack and stroke in high risk patient.
I'm dying out of here.
Experts have long thought lowering blood sugar levels and diabetes patients levels found in non-divetic adults when reduced their risk of dying of cardiovascular disease leading cause of people in death and people with diabetes.
Discovering out this week prompted US officials to halt one part of the study 18 months early to protect the safety of participants.
Patients who were receiving intense treatment lower blood sugar levels are not getting the less intensive standard treatment.
The 300 million dollar trial launched by the US National Institutes of Health in 2001 was designed to test this assumption.
Researchers don't yet know why aggressively lowering blood sugar levels increased the risk of death in some patients.
Of the 2000 plus patients enrolled in a cord in the study 257 intensive treatment group have died compared with 203 in the standard group.
More than 10,000 patients with type 2 diabetes are enrolled in the study at 77 different sites across Canada and the US.
Some 15 number Canadians including 80 from Toronto are involved in the study.
While researchers are surprised at rapidly normalizing blood sugar levels with intense treatment may be harmful for some diabetes patients.
They stress the findings won't change therapy for most patients with type 2 diabetes.
Other studies have shown that lowering blood sugar levels reduces the risk of blindness, kidney disease and accusations and diabetes of patients.
So don't eat that pasta man. Don't go get no ice cream Mr. and eat you maniac.
I'm dying out of here.
Okay so I think we'll get to 500.
I don't know 490. I don't see any in there.
499. Like I said we will get 500 people on it.
And that's not all that much. It should be like 50,000 generically ever real audience.
500. What? 500.
501 Mr. you better check your numbers again.
You better quit the concerto in those day engineers. Well then.
Well that was just mind boy even little George was just I I can't you know I was defending him up until that point.
He thought he thought that you were sitting on the porcelain box or to find out you were I mean that's really acceptable excuse is when you.
He was chatting we thought it was something that rhyme with that.
Yeah.
I was bad.
I don't know.
460.
4th leader.
It's day.
At 560.
WQ8M.
That's mine.
What's a good and out course why.
Dreaming of being a big desire with course
And be a sub basically a force of
Yenno Jockstrat
Yenno Jockstrat
Yenno Jockstrat
And we're one through here
Sports all day
Yenno Jockstrat
Yenno Jockstrat
Somebody think here is organically gay
Anyone who wants to hear just sports a sicker day
Is dreaming about a lot of rules
And show his brains
Yenno Jockstrat
They have up the gums
What a gay-made play
And somebody's kid
With the hurried games
Do something about it all the time
And she went back and I'm afraid
You like Yenno Jockstrat
Shooting and burning out
Pouring in shows
No interest in learning
Now radio
Just a sausage
Party for a new sport of all los
We like Yenno Jockstrat
You're pretty
Yenno Jockstrat
Yenno Jockstrat
Swords horses, bees
Who oughtn't out
Yenno Jockstrat
Yenno Jockstrat
They're on your mind
To be in your mouth
Sports, sports, five artists
Spies, sports, five artists
Spies, sports, five artists
Spies, sports, five artists
Thank you.
Yeah.
For the whole time.
Thank you.
Yeah.
For the whole day.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Bye bye bye.
