The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts.
Hey, the nanny wants to be your senator from the York.
The nanny.
The bigest name.
I'll come back in real quick.
I'll come back in real quick.
I'll come back in real quick.
I'll come back in real quick.
Oh, man.
Oh, man.
What's up, bitch?
What's up, bitch?
What's up, bitch?
Nilsfatt's baguette is here too.
560W is UAM presets.
The NIL Roger Rowe.
Detromed to NIL.
Dial 5675.
The N.D. and Brod.
In other counties, cold cold free.
87775 NIL.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T Lock and Ray Pyser wireless phones.
The opinion checker out finances his guests for his college.
Do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
No.
Now the NIL Roger show.
I'm 560WQAM.
W-I-D.
Oh, I hate that station.
Bill Adams has a problem.
I'm feeling it.
Yeah, I'm feeling it.
Wow.
No one wants to have to eat it.
No.
Bill, it doesn't.
What?
What?
It's not.
It's not eating it.
It's what?
No one wants to be defeated.
Really?
Yeah.
Oh.
In most ways, Bill appears perfectly normal.
But to the discerning year, he suffers from a terrible disease.
Oh, man.
Burnin' up my shoes up, parallel.
A bill, bill, bill.
But it's burning out his fuse up here alone.
Burning out his fuse?
But you sure about that?
Yeah, yeah, I'm sure.
Oh.
Bill Adams, like millions of others, is a victim of chronic lyricosis.
Although he thinks he knows the words to popular songs, he is often wrong.
And embarrassingly so.
I was born, yeah, in a cross-eyed hurricane.
No, no, no, no.
It's cross-fire hurricane.
Yeah, pathetic, isn't it?
But there is hope.
With your contribution, we can beat chronic lyricosis in our lifetime
and provide a bright future for people like Bill.
You can always count to three.
You look as if you're first-short.
Then you get to four.
Wow.
It's 10.02.
You haven't played that in a long time, have we?
Nope.
Probably good reason.
Anyway, it's Tuesday.
These 7.16th boys getting closer and closer.
These people are out of their minds.
They're schlepping and shopping and going nuts.
You have chronica coming up in five days in Christmas and nine.
And New Year's and a little after that.
And boxing day.
Oh, and then after that, we finally get over with it.
Just just everybody's got to go nuts.
Got an email right off the bat this morning.
Isn't that great?
Yeah.
Charlie B's polls.
Thanks, Charlie.
Once we get to 1,000 on this one,
we'll switch over to the Charlie B poll.
The first of several.
Thanks, Charlie.
Alice Rantell.
The fake Alice Rantell says,
I fully understand business decisions,
but in the case of love 94, there's a lot of history
and no doubt a special place for many.
Oh, wasn't there a lot of history on she?
Yeah.
Did that stop a pattern from destroying it?
Don't let it turn into a piece of crap.
No.
Most stations have a lot of history.
Who cares about history?
Love 94 was among the FM stations I listened to regularly
when I lived in South Forest as Alice.
I always thought it was as close to the soundtrack
of the South Florida lifestyle as anyone could get laid back
in classy cool.
Oh, you fool.
Nacely want to drop some stool and jump in the pool.
I finally recall listening to Jim Kelly in PM Drive.
As much as I rocked with Y196X,
I found Jim the perfect company.
Hey, Alice.
You fairy.
What a smooth, relaxing voice.
I recall too how often I heard the station
when I was out in the body, various businesses and restaurants.
Memories can never be taken away by so-called progress.
WIOT on FM is going to flop, says Alice Rantel.
All fashes on FM.
I don't know.
What do you think?
All the Nazis all the time.
Jimmy Cifalitic on FM.
That sounds like a real, real wiener to me.
I've got an email here that's like a bombshell.
Is she blonde and need to mark?
Would that make her the blonde bombshell?
That's from the fake and need to mark?
Yes.
I need to mark 560 at gmail.com.
I mean, you know, it's just so obviously fake.
I still think the B Senate.
I'm going to get to it.
It's long.
It's a pull.
What?
We could take a poll.
Yeah, do believe it or not.
It's intended obviously to piss off the big O and mad dog
and everybody else.
So it's either from across the street or it's the beast.
It was just, you know, never stopping a troublemaker
since the day he waddled in the door.
The beast.
I never at 60.
Can I do the poll?
If you must.
No, go ahead.
I said, I don't think it's it.
You don't think it's the beast?
He's the one that sent me the picture of any remarks in the first place yesterday.
It's there and all night crap.
Nevertheless.
Although the fake Jim Sarni was the one that sent me the email about any remarks in Jo Bell and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
Jo is obsessed and fascinated and tittle-aided.
965 votes on a Tubby's poll.
Chris is with us again today.
We don't know when his last show is going to be.
Although actually you got to be there for when.
George is on vacation.
Is that next week or the week after?
Next week.
Really?
And then the week after that, I'm on vacation.
Right.
I got to be there too.
Well, I mean, I would think I would be here.
Well, why can't you discuss it with somebody?
Isn't anybody talk to you?
No.
And let me just say this before I start getting worked up here today.
It's the holidays I should be very calm.
The swill that we had.
I'm not talking about the usual swill.
We know them.
But the other swill life filtered on the phone yesterday.
I have it really changed my whole attitude about life.
And I was telling George before the show this morning.
There are some really, I'm not just talking about regular sick.
You know, like, I mean, really sick, disturbed people out there.
Stalkers.
You know, lunatics like a fan.
His call yesterday was really special.
It's not bad enough that I tried to get into go away already on the emails.
But now take some calls and there he is.
Oh, this is a fan.
He starts getting all bent out of shape.
And then hysterical.
Not not not just pissed off, but hysterical.
Oh, you don't let anybody hang up.
Everybody is screaming like like a you need a butterfly in it for this character.
And that hangs up the phone.
Get a freaking life.
That's my suggestion of those of you who are like obsessed with me.
Anybody else on this show obsessed.
It's one thing to be a fan.
It's nothing to listen religiously.
It's another thing to be obsessed as a substitute for life.
I have no life.
I mean, good, golly, a fan.
You're a crazy person.
Let's face it.
If I were, if I was that person, I would go to the nearest mental facility
and check myself in.
If I were somebody who knew him, I'd have him be corrected immediately.
Can you be correct yourself?
That's what he should do.
He could shoot James beaker, act himself.
Maybe good Tammy phase spirit to do it.
Oh, yeah, Larry last night.
I was channel surfing, which I never watch him, but I channel surfed.
And there was the nanny.
And I wondered what's all she doing on there.
Oh, she wants to be the next senator from New York when switlery becomes
secretary of state, the nanny.
And Larry King actually puts her on a year.
This is the same guy that tried to voice Ross P. Rowan to public.
Gotta roll up your sleeves and that's not the old studies and do, do, do.
Get out of the engine and step up to the plate and do, do, do.
Some of the silliest swill in history.
You got a whole bunch of votes, too.
967 votes on our poll.
What's your take on a holiday season?
It's okay, 317.
Okay.
I can't wait for it to end 276.
Please.
I love it.
187.
I hate it 98.
And WTF.
What the F 89 out of 967.
972.
Boy, they're coming in and chucks now.
They want to get us up to 1000 so we can change it.
If I was them, I wouldn't get too excited about it.
So at 10 12 p.m. last night.
By the way, thanks profusely to George for getting my internet back working this morning.
One of the worst things that can ever happen to you.
Right.
Is to sit down at your PC and you realize the internet is far blundging.
I sat down here this morning and no connection.
I mean, there was connected.
The thing was, you know, the lights were popping and puking but couldn't get on it.
Couldn't get on my Firefox.
And George walked me through the whole process.
I wasn't that hard either.
No, no.
And if we wouldn't have got the internet back on,
we wouldn't have been able to take all those great calls we're going to be taking today.
That's right.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Anyway, this came in at 10 12 last night as phony is a $46 bill because nobody could be that stupid
that they would send this crap to me.
Anita Marx.
The fake Anita Marx, of course.
Hi there, Neil.
A work colleague played me an outtake from your Monday show when you mentioned me.
While I hope the news did not cut an out this way or this soon, I guess I can confirm that I'm indeed joining the WQM family at the end of the Ravens football season.
I'm really excited to become part of the most professional dynamic and industry respected sports radio team in the country.
Mr. Bell and Mr. Dero seem like they have a handle on what good sports talk radio is and are dedicated to keeping the station as the gold standard by which all sports radio is judged.
I can't wait to be part of it.
I'll be taking over the 2 to 4 PM time slot initially, but Mr. Dero has assured me that once he completes some other programming changes, I'll settle into the afternoon drive slot by March.
After that, I'll have a shot of being the third person on that often broadcasts next fall.
I don't know this Jim Sarnigai who brought up my name, but let me fill in some of the blanks.
Mr. Bell's been making inquiries to my agent about my availability for quite some time when discussions started to heat up.
I got the chance to meet Mr. Bell. He seemed a little creepy with his white hair and leering look, but otherwise seem charming.
His downhomes in Syriti and obvious knowledge of the radio business were enough to convince me to make the jump to WQM.
His dedication to the best interest of the honorier talent also helped me make up my mind.
It took about 6 to 8 months to finalize the details of my contract.
Mr. Bell and Mr. Dero indicated they needed to free up some financial commitments.
The former and current employees to reach my contract requirements.
I sure appreciate the straightforward and honest way I was dealt with throughout the negotiations.
To close, I'm looking forward to meeting you at some point.
Your history in South Florida radio is legendary. From the short clip of your show I heard yesterday, I didn't hear much sports talk.
We'll have to do some crosstalk between our two programs.
I also can't believe you allow your producer George on the air as much as you do.
I don't mean to tell you how to run your show, but I'm not sure he belongs on the radio.
The board off Chris sounds cute. I might want to meet him real soon.
If he looks as sexy as he sounds, I may want him to be the producer for my show, Wink.
You're soon to be co-worker Anita Marx.
Exo.
Happy face.
Wink, wink, nod, nod, munch nunch.
Oy, vain.
So what do you think, Senthus? I think the beast.
I don't.
Why do you say that?
Because I don't. I don't think that's his style.
It's not his style. I don't.
I think Joe Bell sent it.
Possible. We're likely to be. He'll send me an email saying, who blamed somebody else?
I don't know that. I think it's the same goofball that's defake everybody else.
It wasn't the fake Alice Rantel. I'll give you a damn tee of that.
Fake Alice Rantel is on to that thing about Gloves 94 and Yachty.
How come nobody's writing about that? What happened to the real Tom Jicca?
Who was going to get the lowdown on that crap? A cheap channel, huh?
What's going on here? Where's the fake Barry Jackass with the real Anita?
Mark's story.
You guys talk a good game, but when push comes to shove, you ain't shoving it in the right place.
The biggest name.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
The best of the best.
Crosse dressing with Mo Jackson.
Oh, nose, lingerie.
Oh, nose, garter bell.
Oh, nose, I'll find last year.
And he's so good with eyeliner, don't you?
That's a looping.
You know that's true, but both sweetheart.
What?
You don't know deadly.
What don't you sit there and introduce me?
Okay, Mr. Deadly.
This is Mr. Jackson.
Give you what it dress like a woman.
Just do it.
What is this?
This is a real tweet, digging out all these oldie moldy's men here at the end of the year.
Can you think? Sure.
I do. Oldie moldy.
Let's get some spy reports on Anita Marks and find out what that bitch, what she's all about.
I don't see anything happening on the phone yet.
What?
B said that was not him.
The call you were in the bottle in there.
He sent me a text.
Oh.
Who does he think it was?
He didn't say that.
Well, he's got the inside dope.
I mean, he's got his head so far.
Clarence's ass.
He comes out of his ear.
He ought to send you another text and tell you what the real lowdown is there.
Because certainly if there's anything going on, he would be the one to know.
He's got his ear to the...
Clarence's ugly ass.
That's where you'll find the beast's nose and tongue.
And maybe the other body parts got only nose.
567-0560, pound 56 on the Verizon AT&T wireless lines.
I want to take at least two, two, three thousand calls today.
What do you say?
Great.
They might even sound like something.
You don't sound nearly as enthused about it as you did yesterday.
You were pushing me.
That's what I think calls yesterday.
Well, we wanted to do that experiment.
Well, how are we going to do it again?
I don't think anything has changed yet.
But you said that the engineer was in there with a whole bunch of wires.
He was running the wires.
But I don't know if he's done yet.
Let me see, is this phone working or what?
Are we on the air?
Is the transmitter turned on or what?
Good. God.
This is like the death now.
Talk about the friggin' Titanic.
Okay, let's take a look at that.
We got a... I don't know if this is the real Adam Kirschner or the fake one.
How do we know?
It's the fake one.
Oh. The fake...
QAM, hello.
Yes.
Oh, that was good.
Hello.
Maybe it was just line checking.
I think there was line 9.
The fake Adam Kirschner says,
I've been listening to the WIOD a lot lately.
Must say it's really a shell of its former self.
Yes, it's a shell of a station, all right?
WIOD used to be a powerhouse station for talking entertainment.
Now it seems to have morphed into a station where right wing opinion is more important than fact, which is really sad.
Who would have ever thought that WFTL would end up put a position to win in news?
I wonder if Charles and Charges Clueless or if his hands are tied by people higher up than he is.
One thing is for sure.
With them turning Jimmy Cifilis into a rushed limbaugh type program,
it's the final nail on the coffin for the once great olive dreams.
Software needs are reliable, radio news talk source to listen to in the mornings when we're all stuck in traffic.
Otherwise there's no compelling reason not to just turn on the XM or series.
Agree? This is a great question mark.
I don't care.
I mean, all these people keep talking about all these changes.
What I'd like to know is one thing.
When somebody's going to put something good on here.
That's what I like to do.
Yeah, let us know.
Yeah, let us know when somebody's going to put something worth listening to and we'll be delighted to promote it.
Oh, this one's changing this and this one's moving.
Tell us when there's going to be some really good programming on.
Then we'll get excited about it.
W-D-Q-I-M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yeah.
I just wanted to see if George checked out.
I was one of the half a dozen people that showed outside of the current F-E-S.
Oh, thank God.
Thank God for you.
Well, I just wanted to see if he checked out the sublime thing I gave him.
Yes, it's great.
Thank you very much.
You're a very welcome.
I'm sorry I couldn't stick around out of that work.
It's all right.
Next time.
Hi, buddy.
All right. Thanks for carrying it off.
Okay, even though you don't care about me, that's okay.
I love you, Neil.
It's just a joke. Just relax.
Just calm down.
Have a great life.
Have a great holiday, Pali.
All right.
Okay.
God, these people are very sensitive and very uptight.
It's just a radio show.
No, it's the life.
It's my life. I'm a fan.
I'm a fan.
And you hang up on anybody who disagrees with you.
You're a big fan.
Great.
I mean-
That was a performance-
losing it.
I mean, even Joan Crawford would have been impressed
by that acting performance.
Just going ballistic-
996 on the pool.
Pretty soon we're going to change it.
Steve.
Joan Crawford.
What?
Bson says-
Yes.
basically he's no longer the Golden Boy.
So he has no special intentionally.
Golden boy. Yeah, he has no inside that. I know that anymore. That's bull crab. He's been saying that for a long time
Believe you me when him and Clarence are laying there knows to know is lip to lip
Trust me when I tell you Clarence's whispering all sorts of somethings into a zirn. That's sweet nothing's but sweet somethings
Well, you know what song are we like I?
Give up poker face
Have you ever I don't think I've ever heard of that song what poker face
Yeah
By whom it's a big hit. I don't know the name of the group
Well, this is a relatively new song you're talking. It's very new the video is all right. It's a bit of a Egyptian looking chick right away
And then the part of the lyric is blah blah blah blah blah blah blah like that. I thought you were trying to think of before
No, we couldn't find it. Yes. Okay. Great. Maybe I don't know you don't know poker face
Yeah, right. Maybe you better find your music mister. Well, of course you don't have as much much music
We got much much much you got MTV would only know what if I hear it
You're a lot of music I recognize you chance it love
If they find anybody who outside this building anyway who watches that show I'm gonna have them be corrected
I wonder if they have the beaker act in Canada a
WQ I am hello. Yeah, this is a fake phone call
Yeah
Q I am hello
Q I am with a radio turned way up loud
You would like to speak speak
Speak can you do it?
That's a great song. I have on my heart. It's awesome. Yeah
Wow
See this audience don't know from that song because they're like all a hundred years old so they don't have any idea
And the only reason I saw it is because Paco in between watching another shot of love
You know watch some of the videos how much music they should do show music videos. I know that's a shock
I know I know it's
Did you look it up poker face? I'm not looking it up
I'm gonna download it so that we can play it and I'll send you a copy of it. It's such and so on great. It's a good song
WQ I am hello
You're calling
Are you sir? Okay? I just wanted to say hello the gambling going good down here and you are the king
Thank you. Yeah, you're welcome. Wow WQ I am hello
Hey Neil good morning. Good morning. Hey, um, I hate to bring up a
That's a second bring up one then Godfather again. But Godfather Godfather to their in Cuba. They're up there
Uh
Hyman Roths like penthouse thing they're cutting the cake and whatever and he says to
Michael about they finally have a government to can work with business right how relevant is that to today's times
Considering what the Bush administration did with their oil cronies in the amount of money that they made over
This last eight years and then even
The financial interest see that banks did you I just heard yet today you know they gave the tarp money and part of the tarp money
Was the restriction of the benefit of how much they could get bonuses to
The executive and things like that work turns out Bush when he passed the bill
Change one thing saying that the executive didn't have to worry about that is correct
He overruled the Congress that's right. He said now we want the these guys to make get the big bucks
That's right. It reminds me of here. You know hymen Roths and all we finally have a government that knows how to work with business
Man was at the case for this one. I thought they knew though the Republicans have been the party of business ever since they were invented
Oh, oh true no doubt no doubt about it
But the amount of money that they scammed from well
Listen have a great holiday and don't worry about it. Okay. It's there. It's a corrupt world we live in it is a major
slaughterhouse. It's a madhouse
And somebody's calling maybe it's the president
Maybe he's not too happy with your altitude. Oh this guy that turned out to be the big scamster. Where the hell's the article about that?
Maybe I didn't even print it out
Made off made off made off the fortune. He made off with everybody's money
Yeah, including Norman Braiman and the owner of the redskins a whole bunch of people he made off of there they owner the
Giants or the jets somebody. I don't know and I don't really care
Sonny Fox wants his 600 grand back from Sal Foo so I guarantee you that
Maybe sonny Fox is the one sending these email remember we had that way back when we don't really care
I mean to be honest with the fake this one and fake that one those are actually pretty good
I enjoy those even though you hate them like poison. I don't hate them. They're just yes you know you despise them all right
I hate them. What are you saying?
So did you get that song yet poker face in process? Oh my god
No
It's another week of unforgettable films on dub theater
Monday night at nine. It's the Rogers and Hammerstein classic Oklahoma in Japanese
It was the most horrifying film of the 1970s Tuesday night
Relive the terror of the exorcist in Indian is the Reverend your mother eats cows in Elle
Wednesday Jimmy Stewart stars in the holiday classic. It's a wonderful life
In Pig Latin
Thursday get ready for close encounters of the third kind in Jamaican
And on Friday night its Steven Spielberg's most beloved film ever
ET in German
ET for the Norman
So join us for another week of classes starting Monday right here on
Feather I want to hear that that's going to be some compelling radio as opposed to a bubbled love sponge and what else
I read me syphilite show or somebody
Somebody emailed me some crap about to me syphilite this morning
Says this is the pull from Jimmy syphilite's page on W.Y.O.D. today. Oh
You know this right wing suck up that's going on over there
The suction is so hard. It's amazing that anybody can even be sitting in their seat
If all of a sudden you get pulled out of your cheer you'll understand what's going on?
Right wing ultra suction didn't they check out the election?
Then we have an election maybe yeah, I guess they missed it
Here's Jimmy syphilite's pull on his webpage today as President Bush closes out a second term
What grade would you give his presidency?
And here's the result so far a plus
8 plus a
15.6% be 37.6% C 16% D 12% and F only 10%
Of the right wing Nazis who are glued there to 610 your fascist station by the way lady Gaga is the chick that that's a group. Yes, I don't
She sings poker face. Yes, she does
Now are you familiar with a song now that you've heard it or not? Yes. Oh, thank God for that
This it'll play on the radio
Of course I started to get to know the names of songs
Hold them like they do and take this day
Hold them let them hit me raise it baby stay with me
I love it love game and tuition play the cards of states to start and after he's been hooked
I'll play the one that's on his heart
Oh
I'll get him high
I'll get him high
But more oh not enough. Okay now the fake very jackass is really slipping
He sends me the same crap to be sent me yesterday about Anita marks with the same picture and the same bio
That's not what we're looking for some stupid biography
Stupid much a crap. Oh, no, this is a different picture. Sorry to fake Barry
But that's the best you can do
Anita marks grew up in South. They were playing football in the streets became a way of life
But it beat but a boop but about but about she then headed to Tampa to attend the University of South Florida
USF is where she was able to fine tune her football skills and dominate the collegiate bag football circuit for four years
But a beep but a boop but about she quarterback the Miami Fury women's professional football team for four years and the Florida stingrays for a year
Oh my gosh, she currently hosts her own afternoon sports talk show Monday through Friday on Baltimore's ESPN radio 1300
But a beep but a boop very you're slipping badly fake very weak weak real direct
God okay the new pole is up
Here's the final on the other one thousand five votes. What's your take on a holiday season? It's okay 328
I can't wait for it to end 286. I love it 198. I hate it 100 and WTF what the 93
I
Need a marks this is the big mystery now when's Anita marks starting at Q.A.M.? Who's gonna get blown out?
I
Don't think she's ever starting at Q.A.M. Unless these people are crazy than we thought
She was she just really she laid an egg the size of a Mount Rushmore at that 1400
They had they had like point all day and she was a big part of that
Which is the best song ever written about an American city asks
Charlie B we got 20 votes on the new pool New York New York these little town blues
Which is synopsis things the whole thing off key by the way
Have you ever noticed that nope? Well next time you hear it you'll notice he's off key
These little town blues. He's off key the whole song which you know when you got the mob behind you what differences are make
six votes for that
Viva Las Vegas three Alan town three. I never heard of it. I've heard of the city
But you ever hear that song Alan town sure Billy Joel
What was a huge hit yep? It was a huge hit was a huge hit never heard of it three. I must have I must have been sleeping then
New York state of mind to I left my heart and thumb for this go Tony Bennett to ever notice he sounds just like Jimmy Cifalidic
New York minute a one
Street to Philadelphia won New York New York it's new. Oh a New York New York New York New York is out of a town
One
Moon over Miami one and none yet for these all these others by the time I get to Phoenix
City of New Orleans. Oh, I like that. That's Arlo Guthrie right. Yes, good song
Is it Arlo Guthrie or what's his name Woody Woody Guthrie? No, he wouldn't no. I wouldn't
Calahassee Lassie Detroit City Blues were walking in Memphis
What made Milwaukee famous youngstown Amarillo by morning Galveston? Oh, that's Glenn Campbell again Galveston
Real nose pick and song. Do you know the way to San Jose? Yes, I did
Do you know what it means to miss the Orleans? Yes, I did if you caught between the moon and New York City Arthur's theme
I don't even know what that is. Yeah, I do. Yeah, oh Miami by Will Smith. Oh, God. Is he still alive?
Hooray for Hollywood East Side West Side my kind of town Chicago
That's some pretty good ones on there nice going to Charlie B. Although Alan town you're gonna have to play a little that all my rather
Her poker face by Lady Gaga already uncuted. Let me out get just an element. No, I don't need that my favorite part of the songs when they start going
Like that it reminds me of a Rimmer and pot band and all those other hockey guys
Here we go
Grunts I don't know if we can play this
How could you have got that? Yeah, that's hard bad bad song bad bad bad. It's number three on the appol so far
I added that is really really bad that song is criminal
Bernard made off was known as a Wall Street investment manager with a golden touch who is kind of like the
Saul Fouce of the Wall Street
He brought in enormous sums from people institutions and consistently delivered double digits returns you and them tough as times
Now he's been arrested in charge with the massive fraud
He ran a giant Ponzi scheme remember Ponzi and then he lost in a ten million dollars of investor's money
And some guy was gloating yesterday that Norman Braeman was among the suckers who invoked well too bad here comes the bunny and there goes your money
As if Norman Braeman's a bad guy because you don't want the the taxpayers to have to spend all that money on a stadium for the rich
Marlon's owners one of the here where in any
Pression and they want you to spend your tax dollars to build a stadium for billionaires what a half-assed bunch of horse crap that is
WQ a.m. Hello, Neil just to let you know how sad the music scene is down here Billy Joel is sold out six shows that are rowed down here in February
I mean he should be pleased a lounge act that should be playing in the holiday in for crying out loud. Yeah, he ought to be a the
Asseminals
Ridiculous everybody from Long Island is gonna be there
Thought he what are the qualifications of Caroline Kennedy being senator. She's a Kennedy
Okay, I thought that she married and she's not friend-resurer. Oh, I thought that she married a guy named Shlashburg
I thought that's what it was. Yeah, that must be it. All right. Yeah, take care man. Oh, don't you understand we've got these
Dynasties we got the Kennedy dynasty and the Bush dynasty
They're already groom and Jev for the Senate. You know, and we got the Clinton dynasty and they were
Dynasty who that was in that show dynasty was that
Linda Evans Jones
Jones Collins that washed up old bitch. Oh my god. She never looked a day over 200
You know it right no matter how much they slobbed and swabbed her with make it make up she looked at least 200 years old
Jones Collins old bag. Oh, but she was such a yeah, yeah, such a piece of crap
Dynasty you actually watch that no not my life
That one or what was hagmin a Dallas never watch that either nope
Yeah, Falcon crust Falcon Christ. That was the one with the Lorenzo Lamas. Yes, he does back when he looked really really attractive
Take your word for it. Yeah, he was what you just have a thing about him you hate him
I I what I think he's telling ever since and saw him wrestling with those
No, no, no, that's what you can make it never
Know
Damn
Fuck
You
Start like in the candles.
There's no power today.
And we are getting tired of it.
New York, New York.
These electrical grids.
Our way out of date.
Get someone to rewire it.
New York, New York.
I don't want to wake up in a city with no AC.
And find my food has all spoils.
Can't watch TV.
Are these big blackout blues?
Ain't going away.
Until they fix what's wrong with it.
In old New York.
If it can happen here, it can happen.
Anywhere, what will they do?
New York, New York.
It's not New York.
You have to say it right.
Like a nanny.
She's going to be an ex-Senator from New York.
Keith says, please put the Bristol stop on the pole.
I never really thought of the Bristol stop as being a city.
Is it Bristol Connecticut?
I thought the Bristol stop was like a Philly song.
Who did that?
You got it?
Who is that?
The Dove House.
An orange label.
What a memory.
What a sick home.
And I do like this song.
It's a sort of way.
Put it back.
Some of the companies stuck in with a food driver.
They're not even wanting it.
I was watching the lovely, young and good.
Okay, that's enough.
One more time.
I'm going to have a shot for the school Monday.
That's where it's the stop.
Love it.
Thank you.
Lady Gaga was at set nightclub on South Beach in Halloween.
Also, she performed at Wild 100s Jingle Ball three nights ago at Sunrise at the Bank of Atlantic
Center along with Jessie McCartney.
And nobody told me Jessie McCartney was going to be there.
It's not far from my house.
Oh my God.
Are you people crazy or what?
Jessie McCartney.
I'm in love.
Jesus God.
Man.
He's attractive, you know.
So here's the little faggot.
Here's the fake Larry King.
Oh, don't tell Joe, Joe dumbbell, but he need to march his Jewish.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, wait till they get wind of that.
I'm good timing to be applying for a job at 2 am when you're Jewish.
When they're blowing all the idlach out the door.
Everybody.
All the Jews you got to go out.
Yes, flea says as far as he knows, there's no need of marks coming.
She's not coming.
Correct.
Oh, it's not good to personal.
Lady football player, what do you think of that?
That's fine.
You fairy.
Lady football player, does that sound like a feminine person to you?
I mean, I don't know her.
I saw this picture earlier.
But she was very attractive to me.
I don't want to be presumptuous, you know.
But what difference does it make?
She ain't coming anyway.
That's right.
So that's what flea said.
What the hell does he know?
He thinks he's on the inside.
He's out of the loop.
Well, he's become our newest system program director basically.
What do you mean by that?
When they got rid of Allison, they asked him to take on some of the duties.
And I'm sure no increase in pay.
Jeff says, how about which is hot lineman?
What's with all these Glenn Campbell songs?
My God.
Hey, it just happened.
Hey, Glenn.
Have another pop, man.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Not there.
Well, why would they still be there?
Been ringing and ringing and ringing.
I haven't been hot right on it.
You're fault.
You're supposed to steer me in the right direction.
I'm going to old, funny.
That was funny when the dots were on the phone this morning when my internet connection was all screwed up.
That's a panicky moment.
Panicky time.
Not panicky time, but just a disturbing.
Sure.
It might be panicky if we cared as much as we used to, but now that we realized we're not supposed to.
Don't get too panicky.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello.
Neil.
Neil, this is Fuddy.
I saw my last Fuddy sauce.
Get me back on the radio and I'll give you my wing ding, ding, ding, ding.
Yeah, you stink, Fuddy.
You stink.
You stink.
Your show blow.
Remember all that crap.
Oh, Fuddy's going to kick your ass and Fuddy's going to do this.
Wow.
How's Fuddy doing now, huh?
Fuddy didn't sell out like Jimmy Cifullitic to the right wing and go on here and spew right wing.
Uh, uh, I'll fit there up this propaganda every day.
I'm getting tongue tied just thinking about how that station is turned into a Nazi outlet.
They ought to put a big swastika under building.
Wherever their building is now.
Where are they?
Don't know.
We know.
I don't.
You don't?
No.
Over Yundray, Matt.
Fakler, a king says the need of marks used to be on her make believe radio station in Miami.
She's now at ESPN Radio in Baltimore.
She's a horse face, but looks within the nude.
She's a real blonde.
She's lovers with Melkhyper Jr., who also is long in the push.
It is true that Joe dumbbell has a shine.
Oh, is it true?
Because it's got a question mark elected and erected in his office.
Yeah, he's got an erection in his office about a need of mark.
I don't know and I don't care.
Here's something.
US court rules Vatican can be sued for a sex abuse cover up.
Somebody emailed this story to me.
It's got a picture of Papa and it says underneath the photo before it gets to the story.
I wear the same shoes as Cristiano Ronaldo.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Well, we get to the end.
We'll find out.
Three men who claimed they were abused by Catholic clergy in America have succeeded in naming the Vatican as sole defendant in a lawsuit hoping to force Pope Benedict the 89th to give evidence in the case.
The 60 West Circuit Court of Appeals recently ruled that although the whole East Sea is a sovereign state was immune from most lawsuits, the plaintiffs could proceed with their argument that its officials were involved in a deliberate effort to cover up evidence of sexual abuse by American priests.
No kidding.
No Schmidt Sherlock.
Their case centers on the 1962 director from the Vatican telling church officials to hide sex abuse complaints against clergy.
William F. McMurray.
Oh, I wonder if he's can do Fred McMurray.
What does that mean?
Fred McMurray.
William F. McMurray, a lawyer representing the man who claimed they were abused in Louisville, says the document which became public in 2003 makes the Vatican liable for acts of clergy whose crimes were kept secret because of the directive.
He says the propit 81 is the only living witness to the establishment of the 1962 policy.
Before his election of the papacy, Joseph Ratzinger spent 24 years as heading the Vatican Department charge with investigating and disciplining abusive priests.
A role that would have led him to brief his predecessor, John Paul II, on the situation.
Wonder if they'll ever go to trial.
It says, and then it says don't know about the Cristiano Ronaldo reference came from question mark.
Now is he asking me or is he telling me he don't know?
Don't know.
Don't know your question marks.
Happy holidays, Georgia's friend John V.
Do you know who that is?
Yeah.
Well if he's your friend maybe he'll tell you about the Cristiano Ronaldo.
Hi, where's the same shoes?
Okay, at least the other we don't wear those little prissy red shoes like the previous little Pope slippers.
Oh my god.
Papa.
Papa.
Remember Fredo?
Papa.
Yeah.
Fredo wasn't too good with the gun.
It wasn't too good with anything.
No.
He was good with the ladies.
He was good with the ladies.
He was banging cocktail which was a two to time.
Players could get a drink of this.
Oh, not this.
Hey, it's great to know.
Oh god.
I blocked this guy and he's back again.
The range ranges.
Ranges.
Go back to New York, you loser.
You chronic loser.
Really and truly there are some really, really, really.
How about going back to Miami by Wayne Cochrane?
Somebody says you want to put it on there?
It's not true.
It's free.
What?
It's free.
Oh, the fake Joey Reynolds Gary Bruce's three-piece suit.
Oh my god.
What is this?
Published on December 22nd, 1994.
And the fake Joey Reynolds sends me the story about boy Gary.
Bruce was replaced with W.I.D. by Steve Nickelham Rogers.
His nickname Steve Nickelbag.
Wow.
Why would anybody care about this?
Well, you talk about living in the past.
This again is somebody over there at the old I.O.D.
Please put Don't Go Back to Rockville by one of my favorite groups,
R.E.M. thanks Kent.
Don't go back to Rockville.
You know that?
Yeah.
Never heard of it.
Hollywood swinging by K.C.
Oh, there's a whole bunch of, oh god.
California Cation Red Hot Chili Peppers.
That's about a city?
No.
It's about California.
Ain't that a city?
Oh, and Brandon sends me a long, long.
What's not that long?
It's good.
Keep them coming today.
Keep those emails coming because the more emails we get,
the fewer calls will be forced to take.
And believe you me after some of the demented tortured souls
that called in yesterday, especially a fan.
What a crazy person.
Get yourself some help.
Wow.
Or maybe move to the Philippines with that hot young chick
that you pretend that you're doing,
which nobody believed in and nobody believes now.
Very sad.
1156, 4 minutes to 11 at 560 WQM.
We got the big O2.
Then Anita Marx will be on next week.
Mad Dog at Chulis at 4.
Dolphins at night 7 and NDA to 11.
Don't want to get him all disturbed and worried that they're
going to replace him with some chick,
some chick football player.
Anita Marx.
You believe it?
You think she's coming?
No.
Christmas is coming though.
Soon.
And so is Tannuka.
Hard to cut.
Week after week, more and more people are taking advantage
of meals, handpriced deals on wqm.com.
And this week is no exception starting Thursday at noon.
You can buy $50 certificates for just 25 bucks
in North Miami Beach's newest sensation, Miami Prime Grill.
Miami Prime Grill, it's on 163rd Viscane Boulevard
is both a visual and culinary feast.
It's a totally new concept and upscale sports grill dining.
Miami Prime Grill has arrived.
It's unsurpassed food like oven brick pizza made
order steaks, sandwiches, specialty appetizers, salads
that you can't even finish the whole thing.
It's so humongous.
All the portions are too much for one person to finish.
Miami Prime Grill 163.95 Viscane Boulevard
just north of 163rd Street.
Call 305-591-5101.
That's 305-591-5101.
And thanks to me, you'll be able to buy $50 certificates
and have fresh just 25 bucks starting at noon this Thursday
on WQAM.com.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You don't have no rejects.
You're 40.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami Ford Lauderdale.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
You throw your stuff at.......... Being eggshell is most happens when a broad leader comes along to ask for food
an buying bread, youous curry is good when we drink drained water, wooden game is good and strong
cooker dishes and all kinds of tasty food and nightmares,нова Nintendo are kind of useful
I love all the greatпонies porridge in fun movies, it's a good food that a lot of actors
have many different stuffed virgins like me, utensils like me, a single stuffed
big load Cartwrightced movies, food rolls, apple Reikles, man Ötape art stuff, steep yeah
The bag will automatically drop down from the overhead panel.
And we always arrive on time because we never fly a little behind.
It feels a bird airline.
We love to reach an inch.
It'll the bird airlines. No restrictions apply.
11-1 at 5.60 W.A.M.
Here's one from the fake field Henry.
It says subject fake emails.
The fake emails are coming from Kenny Grammer and Manny.
They're both obsessed with your show.
Huh? You buying it?
I'm not ruling it out.
This is from Phil Henry at Bill Henry at gmail.com.
The fake Phil Henry and the real Kenny Grammer and the real Manny Munoz
is a real retardo.
Oh my God.
Nice job on that footy show by the way Manny.
Almost as good as the job you did in the Randy show.
Wow, what?
Never mind. I'm not going to play that thing now.
It says, I don't know if you heard about this crap.
It says, Jorge, I guess the power is to be.
The power is to be.
And decided you can be charged different amounts of money at different times
of the day based on traffic.
That's like having to pay more for hockey games at the Macarena against certain teams
than other teams.
I mean, what a ripoff.
What a joke.
So when traffic is heavy, they can bill you about 100 bucks and when there's no traffic,
it's 25 cents.
Real nice.
Love your show.
Have a great holiday.
I hope you don't run into that Bohemian bitch it would mine.
I've never met a Jamaican that I like.
Same goes for those chinks at the nail salon.
He says, boy, talk about a big.
Wow.
Chinks talking about the Chinese man that way, huh?
I like some of the Chinese man.
No speaking English, you know, like that.
Patricia sends me a thing here.
Top quality generic Cialis soft hands for less money.
I don't want them.
Go away, Patricia.
And all of you are other lynched your mob.
I've never met a let's see.
PS tell my buddy, I've an United Auto get a life.
Now worry about what I'm doing.
One for your poll.
This might be too racy for your old ass, but pit bull welcome to Miami.
Why is that too racy for my old ass?
I out of.
Well, this is where he endorsed and build Georgia.
Oh, I wonder.
I don't believe you're in Boston, build Georgia.
Because first of all, why would you be considered about the I 95 tooling?
Number one, and number two, why would you be such a bigoted bastard about Jamaican's
mind?
All the way to agree with that.
I'm sure there are a lot of, you know, there might be a few nice to make and I've never
met any.
I have.
Have you?
Yep.
Oh, man.
It's a good machine.
It's a good machine.
Man, I know lots of nice to make it.
Guys, but women condescending snobby nasty.
Think of it.
But that knock about shiny man.
What that was that all about?
All of the old ones voice some of them smell like death.
Oh, and a Roma that will definitely put you into a coma.
You can't believe it.
You can't you can't believe that such an aroma exists on the planet in the universe.
Smelly old Chinese man.
But the young Chinese man, that's a different story.
If they were born in the in this hemisphere, they're, you know, they don't have that in
their blood.
But they eat, I think they eat like a lot of body parts, you know, tiger claws and
kitty paws and doggy jaw stuff like that.
Right.
Brandon says now I don't listen to either love 94.
W.I. would do, but I do see some purpose in moving W.I.
Do over to FM.
If they keep the current talk for medical for sure, tank, but keep channels had some success
turning FM state music stations over to talk, but generic talk, not news, not sports,
not just plain talk, or just plain talk.
The example is WZCR 94.3 out of Palm Beach and it goes on and on and on.
Brandon, it's just amazing.
Believe it or not, when I've listened to love doctors, which is on when you are, I've heard
many times people calling in saying they love you, but loves EZR better, which they
could simultaneously get a clear signal.
And the station that came up was W.I.N.Z.
But they just called it wish.
I don't understand what is W.I.N.Z have to do with W.I.O.D.
I don't get it.
Do you understand this?
Nope.
Maybe they could see at some point W.I.O.D. turning into something that's EZR currently
is today.
No chance.
No chance.
Are you crazy?
Come on, Brandon.
Get with it.
They're going to spend money to put stuff on here.
They're just going to put schlock on here.
Schlock.
Plus their signal is going to go down to how many watts?
30 watts.
Once they have to move off the island there.
Those of us out here on the islands, we have a certain way of living here on the islands.
Do you ever hear that story when I moved to that?
I don't even remember where the hell it was.
Star Island.
No, not Star Island.
There was some other stupid island.
A bunch of pseudo-inlectual slabs.
Palm?
Maybe.
No, not Palm Island.
I don't know.
Palm Island?
Larry's system.
I'm not into pool building.
And this probably won't get any votes.
But I like the streets of Miami by Alan Sherman.
It's old in ancient but got about right when Miami was all about pinnacle and canastid
playing Althe Cockers.
Remember those days where all the assisted living facilities were all in fact I had one
as a sponsor on KAT.
That what happened?
All the people died.
I don't know.
But here's the winner of the pool by the way.
I can't believe that I can't believe a guy like Charlie B left the winner off his own
pool.
My God.
Fill it off your freedom.
Get it on there right away.
You do it only is at the winner of this pool but that may be the best song of all time.
You don't like that filled it off your freedom?
I like it a lot.
Elton John.
Ever see Elton John and Barney Fag together?
Same person.
They both worked like they were sucking on a persimmon.
Great song.
Not good.
Great.
Yep.
I like it a lot.
Well thank God for that.
Do you like it better than poker face?
Don't make it too.
I don't have to choose.
Oh there's a coming around black boy over to look at boy and then.
Okay that's enough.
95 votes on the pool in New York.
New York.
These little town blues.
I'm singing off key.
Bebo Las Vegas 10 19 to 10.
New York State of mind.
Don't.
Only six.
Don't give me that.
Alan Tom is one of the worst songs that was ever recorded.
Blows.
Alan Tom.
Jesus God.
Not only that but look who that wants to go to Alan Tom.
That may.
Big Joe and Boyton beat says happy version of Guadalupe Day.
Have a great show today.
We're talking about the Monday night football crew the other day.
I'm sorry for the late response that Cornheuser Jack passes ridiculous.
I've never seen more done with eight hairs.
He's got the worst comb over.
And on TV he's as interesting as an insurance seminar.
PS George still sucks.
How do you like that George?
Oh yeah.
Nice sentiment for the holidays.
You know you people are relentless.
It doesn't make any difference.
What the calendar says.
It's just the same hate.
Bah.
Bah.
Bah.
Over and over again.
No matter what.
Did you watch the game last night?
I didn't watch one second of the game last night.
The Eagles and who the hell did they play?
Oh, the Brown Browns.
How many of the Browns lose last night?
Oh, here they're coming to get you.
There was like 30 to six or 33 or something bad like that.
I'm sure the Browns had the three of the six.
Yeah, but one part I actually heard that's one of my boys got injured pinky.
Cornheuser actually made a good point.
Rare.
Yeah, they're talking about.
Donovan McNabbin like will he be there next year or whatever?
And they're like, yeah, people are saying, you know that.
I heard you need a Marxist replacing him.
That would be good.
But and I guess draw is like, yeah, but who are these people?
Who these people?
You know, and so cornheuser actually was like, look, he's like, I understand this part of it.
You go to you talk to a coach.
The coach can't tell you I'm telling you this.
He's like, what they tell you this?
So then you talk to other people.
He's like this whole thing about, you know, he actually like make this really a good point about how reporters.
Get these, you know, rumors that they can't come out and say the names, but it's true things.
So I was like, wow, did cornheuser just contribute something?
And then he said something stupid after that.
So I was like, oh, well.
I was at is that it?
Yeah, he just had one good thing about the second word.
Oh, he had one good thing to say.
And they have nothing to say.
He's a total idiot.
He doesn't have anything to tell the cast and he they just never learned.
They just have never learned.
They keep trying to revive the old days Howard Coastell and Frank Gifford, who was like the Jimmy Cifalus of his time and Dandy Don.
They keep trying to rekindle the old glory of Monday Night Football.
They'll never do it.
There was only one Howard Coastell, okay?
And it sure ain't Tony Cornhole.
He's got nothing to the table except like the guy said those eight hairs that he comes over.
Even Bob Coldon have that much of a comb over and that's saying a lot.
Donald says, good morning Uncle Neil, just a quick email to say thanks.
My wife and I are real living and breathing people who work hard and love the show.
Real living and breathing people as opposed to crazy people out of control, crazy people.
You make us laugh and think we're grown up so don't believe in fairy tales like Santa, God or Bigfoot.
And we're still trying to figure out how two people who love each other don't have the right to the same rights as anybody else.
No matter what sex they are, I can go on, but I don't want to be a nutnik.
Keep doing it Neil on the show too.
Thanks, Dino and Julia.
Well, thanks, Dino and Julia and happy holidays.
Neil, tell Chris that Clear Channel has job listings on their website.
They're hiring both AM and FM board office.
Any interest?
Hey, I'll look.
Hey, you don't want to leave us.
You don't want to leave us because once when clearance gets run over by a tractor.
And they bring in a real PD.
Maybe they'll recognize your talents.
And they'll put you on full time on this show.
They'll put you back on full time, give you all your benefits.
They'll let the food come back in again free.
You know, it's it.
It's just that that's why that that fake Anita marks.
Email was so amusing.
It was hysterical.
About the respect that they have for the town, whatever the hell that said.
I mean, just just a joke.
Just an absolute joke.
Oh, no free food in there because Joe Rose overdid it in the morning.
Him and Zach.
And so everybody else could have to be like like a kindergarten, like a playground,
like an overgrown fat tubby guy and a sandbox with a pale in a shovel.
Anything to make your life miserable.
Anything to make you desire to be there that much less.
You know what I mean?
Yep.
When's lunch coming in?
Oh, I wish.
Now, but you do remember those days?
Oh, yeah, before this grave rubber decided, oh, here's oh, no.
Oh.
Yeah.
Remember Adam from Kitchener Waterloo, who called you.
I'm back in Toronto turns out my grandfather died over the weekend.
He was 85.
So he's plenty old enough still kind of sucks.
I just wanted to say if you wanted to get your hand on some butter fingers,
you should talk to the Chinese woman corner store owner tell her to get some.
I had a great time at the dolphins game can't wait to get back down there.
Oh, I'm sorry about grandpa, but you know something Adam.
I just.
I just don't know what to say anymore.
I don't know what to say.
Do you know what to say?
No, I don't know.
Give a time check and take a break.
You could say that.
I'm not talking about on the studio.
Well, that's all I can think of to say to that like life in general.
Yeah.
Oh.
William Schneider, your blocked William.
Your blocked.
Thanks for pointing me to the W.I.D.
pool.
He's in the lead that there's a I was happy to vote if I'm the Jimmy Cifilus pool.
Well, great bill.
Go away, Bill.
You're blocked.
You send me a lot of useless annoying crap and just pop pop pop pop pop pop.
Useless.
The biggest name.
The best town.
You don't know.
Roger.
Sport.
Make your 560 Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best town.
It's the big L.
Orlando Wells who Gary morning five to seven.
Sport.
Radio five sixty five Q.A.M.
The sports leader.
Howard David's a bitch.
You know, it takes all kinds of people to make a miracle what it is today.
It takes doctors.
Hello and lawyers.
Are there accountants?
What is that?
And librarians.
But it also takes much more than that.
It also takes America's more on.
Use your signals.
Good morning.
You know why we're all around you.
We're taking 200 items through the express lane of the supermarket.
Wait, let me get my other side over here.
We're sitting behind you in the movie theater wrapping our Christmas gift.
You're the most we're holding up your bank line.
Well, we try to cash a check from the bank of Venus.
Hey pal, could you hurry it up?
Fine, how are you?
We're the association of ignorant Americans.
And we're always looking for new members.
So if you hate any minority, don't read much and just love to litter.
Then have a friend dial the phone for you and give us a call.
Just dial area code six three two six two six six seven six six or me.
I'm a moron.
Hi, I'm a moron.
It's two o'clock in the morning.
Oh, was you sleeping?
Oh, the Americans morons.
We're taking years off your life.
It's 1119 at 560 boys.
Some of these I haven't played right about a hundred years.
All time favorite and it's in the all time top 10.
Really?
Whoo.
What the ages.
I'll be damned.
Now here's one.
Here's an email for the ages.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because it's a miracle radio accident.
That's the only way we get any new listeners on this show or on a station is by accident.
They don't even have a guy running around with a sandwich board up in that loss.
Oh, let's or Lincoln wrote more nothing zero.
Zipity do da zipity a.
From pop it says Neil, I just started listening.
I don't know if you're really gay or hate religion or the holidays,
but you're funny.
Keep it up and the funny to something.
Keep it up and the funny to.
Oh my God.
Well, hey, listen, don't look at your thorns in the ass.
Let me tell you right now.
Yes, I'm really an old bag and yes, religions of a bunch or what does that mean?
Hate religion.
It's a bunch of fairy tales.
You fairy and of course the holidays.
I don't hate them.
I just want them to be over fast.
Let's go to you hate the green cheese that's on the inside of the moon.
You know the from under cheese.
Yeah, it's from under the moon.
I see.
I thought you meant from under you.
Correct them.
Cory says could you add now here's a good one.
Walk into New Orleans by Fatson.
I'm a great fool.
You George and Chris stay rock solid.
No rock solid and thank you for providing us with inside humor.
Great great radio.
You all just talk about.
Oh, I would ease go to FM and this one's going to do this and they're changing
line up across the street.
Walk into.
The fat man and Juan Fatson.
He's still alive.
Remember he kind of like disappeared when we had the hurricane.
Right.
Low and norleans.
He said, Oh, he's okay.
He's still alive.
One thing about him.
I wondered because he was a great pianist.
But I wondered how he played the thing on the piano.
He had those fat fingers.
You know, he was a fat pianist.
He was a fat guy with fat fingers.
But nevertheless, he survived.
So anyway, my point being on that email that we.
New listener found us by accident, which is the only way.
Let's have a lot of people get a lot of accidents.
Okay.
We got the trend coming on Friday.
Any interest?
No.
Oh, yeah, but I would ease going to here and love 94 is going by by and this one's
doing in Jimmy Cifalitic is a lunatic.
Talk about a sell out.
I mean, this guy was like Casper Milk Toast.
You know what I mean?
He was like neither fish nor foul.
And boy, once they got a hold of him over there at I would eat.
They sure made him foul.
I'll tell you that.
Not as foul as his football broadcast, but then again, what could be.
And all of a sudden, he just turned into this raving, right wing lunatic.
That's what you got to be if you want to work on IOD.
It's the Nazi station, the Nazi channel.
This grace.
Let's get these phones cranking.
What do you say?
We're off to a pretty interesting start about 30 years ago.
Yeah.
30 plus years I've survived almost 33 March.
Why it'll be 33 years in this market.
And I've got these clowns out there.
Oh, when you got to do this and you got to take more calls, you got to do that.
All these experts on the show on my life on Georgia's life.
On fat Chris's life.
And these are people who have no life.
Absolutely.
Correct.
I have no life.
How can you be an expert on somebody else's life when you don't have a near on?
That's right.
It's like teaching somebody to drive a car when you've never, never sat behind the wheel
in your right or even seen a car.
That's right.
Never seen it.
I seen it.
So when's Jesse McCartney coming back with lady Gaga?
I go Gaga over that.
I'll do that.
And not until a few days ago I never heard of that punk Jesse McCartney.
I think Joe Belster to that with that.
That book, the Jonas Brothers book.
Oh, and I guess I guess he thought I don't know.
Should I give my couple of brownie points for that?
Okay.
Can't do it.
Why not?
Because it doesn't compensate for all the other evil stuff, you know?
Okay.
So in other words, you think I should.
I should like like change my feelings about this creature.
Not necessarily.
I mean, you did give me that 3% pay raise.
I'll say that.
Yeah.
And like somebody pointed out yesterday to fake somebody.
If you give back that 3% then we can keep Chris on the show.
Sure.
WQYM.
Hello.
Yeah, good morning guys.
I don't know if they can pull position, but I think sweet home Alabama kind of much.
The theme of what you're doing today.
Alabama is a city.
Oh, okay.
Well, I guess I'm a more.
Yes.
Okay.
At least he was nice about it.
Yeah.
That was great.
That was good.
He's a more.
He did that.
He's heard that bit we played before.
Oh, you got a lot of company out there pal.
Don't feel bad.
Sweet home Alabama.
Not a city.
How about Baloxie blues?
Okay.
Is that a song or is it a movie?
I don't know.
Is there a song?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
148 votes on the poll.
What's the best song ever about an American city?
New York.
New York.
The Little Tom blues.
32.
Viva Las Vegas.
I'm thinking about what's his name?
Bob Lincoln singing on the plane.
After we had all those difficulties again,
that plane boarded.
Oh, that ill-fated trip to Vegas.
It was the first one.
And then I was stupid enough to do it the second time.
That shows how dumb I am.
Remember that?
Yep.
He rented a 747.
And we flew 85,000 of our...
Of course, I guarantee you there were more people on the plane
than we got listening now.
Is there any doubt about that?
Nope.
It's called attrition.
See, I hate to break the news to these people because obviously they're the experts.
The brilliant broadcasters.
They know they're crap.
Just by attrition, people die off.
People move away.
People get tired of whatever the hell we're peddling here on this station.
And you have to replace them with new people living and breathing people,
especially since nobody listens to AM radio anymore in the first place.
Nobody.
So they're not going to find you doodling around and they're not going to find you.
You have to go out and tap them on the shoulder and say,
hey, guess what we need you to tune in.
Maybe you might like it.
Maybe not, but maybe you might.
You never know.
Unless you try it, you never know if you're going to like it.
That's what I always say.
And they run like a son of a bitch.
Mm-hmm.
So I told Joey Jonas I said, how about a Christmas bonus?
Or at least part of that.
Ram like a mother.
Man, those kids man can fly like hell.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
This is your model.
This is the sport radio.
It's 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We're dimming seven at a time.
Where South Florida sports always matters.
Sport radio, 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Greg H.H.U.
It takes a special breed of man to get these poets across the roughest part of the Colorado River.
Or to get that tongue alongside a 5,000 ton supertanker.
And when it's all said and done, you know you were the man in charge.
A bringing her home.
Yeah, that's me.
You.
Yeah.
Come on.
Get serious.
That's not you.
You're like most peer drinkers.
All you want is eight hours of football.
A tub full of freedom.
And a couch.
Big enough to handle you and your tooth.
No big as a mountain.
On a twosh beat.
Welcome.
Big as a mountain.
Beer belly.
Big bottom.
No problem here.
Just have another king.
Extra heavy.
Tushbears.
Tushbears.
We're brewing the beer for the biggest party you.
Tush.
Big as a mountain.
On a twosh beat.
Fat thighs of Tushburys.
Say you're late Missouri.
Love a 32.
I'm probably should sign an extension.
I had five year deal for another 20.
Sure.
There you go.
No, seriously, because these people in the business,
I'm not talking about the general audience.
I'm talking about the people in the business.
Or who think they're in the business.
They can't survive without this show.
No, that's true.
I mean, they're glued.
I mean, and of course the emails have given them an opportunity
to really, really become a part to like,
cling on, man, big time.
Cling on.
Cling on to my big fat, pimply ugly ass.
Wow.
The door is an LA woman for the pool.
Okay.
This is one of those pools, Charlie B,
that you know, there's only about 80,000 different songs
that could be on here.
What about that song about Candidate with New York?
That's my favorite.
Yeah, how's that go?
Jim Morrison's time, the soda, the city of angels,
which he truly loved.
A few years ago, City Father's-Hast residents
to vote on an official song,
LA Woman One by a Mile,
crushing even Randy Newman's I Love LA.
Oh, Randy Newman, good God.
In the end, the City Council decided Morrison was too controversial
and the song was unflattering,
and then decided not to choose any song at all.
How do you like that?
What about your whims?
The song was too controversial.
Morrison was too controversial.
Yeah.
The lyrics always give me goosebumps, says,
whoever sent this.
Oh, the chronic and cocoa, Russell.
Perfectly describing this sprawling city.
I remember from my time there,
a bright and light yet dark place,
where an individual can be truly isolated
alone among millions of people.
It's dangerous.
The fear is in the ear.
You can park your car like in a strip shopping mall,
and by the time you walk to whatever the stories are going to,
you feel like you're going to get mugged, raped,
and probably will be.
I see your hair is burning.
Hills are filled with fire.
If they say I never loved you, I know they are a liar.
Driving down your feeways Midnight Alley's Rome,
cops and cars, the topless bars,
never seen a woman so alone, so alone.
Wow.
Happy Channouca, et cetera,
this is the chronic and cocoa.
And back at you.
Now, this one I don't understand.
I mean, I do understand.
It says, how about the standels?
What was it?
I love that dirty water.
That was the name of the song, dirty water.
I mean, is that a song about a city?
Boston?
I mean, it does say Boston, you're my home,
but that's not, is that what it is?
Let's, let's review it.
I haven't heard it so long.
It's a good song.
I like it.
I love you this fun.
I would say 1967 or 8.
I'm going to tell you, 60, 60, 60.
I was going to tell you about my town.
Where's my hill?
It's all about that town.
It's always be, man.
Yeah, I was all about my town.
See?
Tell about that town.
It's been down by the river.
I don't have bad wordes.
Down by the banks over river Chow.
Anyway, when I lived in the back band Boston early,
like 61-62,
they were digging up on Boyleston Street.
They were digging up to build a potential center.
And there were these, just incredible network of rats
that they found underneath the city.
And in the alleyway where I used to park my little corvary,
I've been told to this many times,
there were rats running around at night.
And we'd go out there and you'd bang on a garbage can.
They would, how like a wolf, like a coyote?
Big nasty rats.
Yeah, and...
No, it's just the idea that they're living under the city like that, you know?
Or, already, you want them to live.
Oh, excuse me.
They've always said that if rats were smarter,
they could take over the world.
They might just, anyway.
Yeah. Well, they've certainly taken over this radio station.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, my God.
So you got it on there?
Are you getting these all on there?
Are they, Ellie, woman, dirty water?
Does make any difference?
Because, you know, they're both on there.
Well, good for you.
Neil, I saw you at a remote with Rick and Suds
at the Cutler Ridge Mall a long time ago,
whatever happened to those boneheads, says Keith.
What does that mean?
Boneheads.
Suds sits around waiting for George to call to be a guest
on the show when I'm on vacation or whatever,
and Rick is an LA.
He's with the LA woman.
Right?
He's burning crosses on his front lawn.
Suds is living the life of Riley, not Rick Riley, just her.
He lives...
Chester A. Riley.
He's living the dream.
His woman works and he doesn't.
And Junior.
What thought was the kid that played the Junior?
What's Junior?
I'm the life of Riley.
I never watched that show.
Well, of course it's before you were born in the 50s.
Jesus, God.
Here's one that says, and for that fat, simple Joe Bell,
tell him to get out of the closet and get a life.
Any life just get one, says.
What does that mean?
I don't know.
Here's one that says,
High Neal, High George, love you both.
Doesn't say anything about Fat Christo.
Could listen to either one of you without discrimination.
Different styles, great radio,
especially when you bash religion.
Oh, we don't want to do that.
Not during the holy time of the year
when all these bubble miceies are going around
and all these stupid religious songs.
Oh, holy night.
Yeah, right.
Savior my ass.
Savior your ass.
Yeah, you know, it's really interesting how the glam
make fun of the Muslims with the seven virgins and all that.
So what's the difference?
There isn't.
What's the difference?
If you believe in a certain thing,
you're going to go to heaven and live forever and sit there.
Oh, praise God.
Praise God.
What's the difference between praise God and praise Allah?
It's the same stupid crap.
Superstitious garbage created by superstitious ignorant men.
That's why the women got to shorten the sticks, so to speak,
because men invented all this crap.
Not my favorite city, but I'm sure someone will think Cleveland
is in the heart of rock and roll is clear in Cleveland.
What does that mean?
Keep up the good work.
F. Joyce and Jolly Joe says,
what does that mean Cleveland is in the heart of rock and roll
is in Cleveland?
Is that a song?
What's the song?
Harder rock and roll.
They just and they mentioned Cleveland
among other cities in their.
Oh, well, that's what they're talking about.
No, that's like I've been everywhere.
You know, I like that song, by the way.
Who did the original one before Howard Dean recorded it?
I've been everywhere.
I know Johnny Cash did a version.
I don't know if I've ever heard of it.
No, not Johnny Cash.
Don't start with that Johnny Cash.
I don't know if that's the original.
And don't not Johnny.
I don't like Johnny Cash.
Well, to bet you he's dead.
I didn't like the wife either.
What was her name?
She's your own Carter.
How come her name was June Carter?
June Carter Cash.
I don't have that song.
You don't have what song?
I've been everywhere.
I will soon though.
Boy, I don't know.
Do you think he's slipping a little bit Chris?
No, he used to be your name a song.
No, any song in the world.
Let's say let's go over it again.
If it wasn't a hit, no, I don't want to.
When you relax, I know it.
I know it.
I'm just giving you a bunch of crap.
That's all I'm just busting your balls.
OK.
I've been everywhere.
There you go.
I've been everywhere.
That's Johnny.
I've been everywhere.
I've been everywhere.
I've been a Renault's cargo cargo,
Minnesota Buffalo Toronto and Sloot Toronto.
That ain't no Johnny trash right there.
Let me tell you how the guys sounds just like Johnny, don't they?
Yeah.
Here's one that says from your classic stuff already.
Sorry, Neil.
I didn't see you already had that up there.
Guess I should look before I cross the road.
Anyway, go dolphins.
And please stop talking about football like you watch it or something.
Oh, yeah.
Don't watch it.
Well, you know, you don't watch sports.
Oh, right.
That's right.
Old fag like me don't watch no football.
I guarantee I watch more football in one week than this guy watches in six months.
By the way, the phone calls are hilarious.
They might annoy you to know in, but they are hilarious spelled very badly.
I love listening to what the old fag has to say.
What is little Cuban sidekick has to say, but nothing is as refreshing as the callers.
Please tell the Canadians to go back home.
They're driving patterns are so much like the Haitians that drive me nuts.
Your classic stuff for Indians.
Yeah.
How about Kansas City?
And that's good.
Wilbur Harrison Kansas City.
It was a big hit.
Kansas City here.
I come.
Ever that?
Mm hmm.
And I'm not interested in Ruth King or your profitability channel.
Okay, bitch, go away and quit sending me the same monotonous crap over and over and over
again.
God.
Oh, man.
Miami's back again.
Chronic.
The one that loves the callers.
You sound pretty chipper today and I like it.
I'm wanting to know what day this week.
The friend is coming up.
Oh, the trend is coming out Friday.
Have a good feeling for you, George.
You'll have a good number this time around.
Oh, we won't.
You can thank yourself and the callers for this happening.
Oh, yeah, there goes with the callers again.
Right.
That's interesting because last couple of months we hardly ever take any calls, but it's
always the callers.
Thank the callers.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
That's what they want to hear.
By your mixing in the calls with your emails, your numbers will be big, really big.
Here's another guy who thinks I need his advice.
How to succeed in the business.
33 FN years have been in this market kicking ass until Joe Bell came along and this guy thinks
I need his advice.
How to get big numbers.
I'm looking forward to see how well your show has done.
By the way, I'm still waiting on some of those entertaining calls today.
Screw you, Matt.
Up yours.
Up your nose with an old rusty hose.
The biggest name is the best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Man, the captain owns 4 to 7 sports radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Hi, Luis Miguel.
Play it, baby.
The incomparable David Boy.
The greatest names in pop music, stammering and stuttering.
They're way to the top of this one amazing record offer.
The ho.
Those Jackson.
Prince.
Three generations of praise.
You're right, those capco vets were pretty good.
I like them.
Remember when we used to do the poll building and we'd say give us one.
Yeah, we have a little bit of a problem.
Your boss, Florida, whatever this guy's name is.
Subdict.
Viva Las Vegas, Elvis Preston, which is already on there.
Then he's got LA woman, which is already on there.
Leaving Las Vegas.
He's got a list of 20.
All right.
We know there's more than 20.
Post your comment to add songs to this list.
What does that mean?
Post your comment to add songs to this list.
Is this a crazy person or what?
You got to go back and read the poll question again.
Not name a bunch of songs about a city.
Now now.
Which is the best song ever written about an American city.
That's the name of the poll.
That's the name of the game.
Oh, good.
God.
It's just taking a certain amount of getting used to.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
So it's like being bombarded.
If you're not being bombarded.
And Matt and Miami, I'm going to block your ass.
So I came just here to your crap.
Everyday.
Complaints and what's the other one?
Critiques.
Critiques and complaints.
Critiques and complaints and complaints and critiques.
And how to do the show and when to take the calls and when to read the emails and when to wipe your ass and when to blow your nose and when to take a dump.
Oh my God.
How did I survive?
66 years of my life without Matt and Miami.
You just been lucky, I guess.
And without a fan.
WQA.M. Hello.
You're boring, man.
You're the worst.
You're the worst.
And I'm your friend, isn't he?
He's the worst.
Yes.
Because he's like an adult.
He's not some kind of like retar that ought to be in a, might he ought to be in a rubber room.
But he's pretending to be an adult.
He's as bad as Eddie.
This is Eddie.
And he's almost as bad as him.
Not quite.
But so George emailed me the song I've been everywhere was written by Jeff Mack in 1959 and made popular by the singer Lucky Star in 1962.
I told you it was no Johnny trash.
All you keep going.
It's listed Australian towns.
Later was adapted North American place names and by John horror HORE later known as John Grinnell with New Zealand place name 66.
The song was number one hit and come to music in 62 in the US for recording artists Hank Snow.
The song was also recorded by Lynn Anderson asleep at the wheel.
Johnny Cash chip doctorate Ted Egan.
I was the.
Houghton my pack along the dusty when I'm up a road.
Oh Johnny take a dirt nap Johnny.
The Ferrari Brothers TV series the anti-Jack show John Grinnell Mike Ford.
Clinton Clifton Jansky will and else than the statler brothers.
Well the statler brothers they had one good song with that wasn't something about flowers on the wall.
Is that what it was called?
I'll find out.
Flowers on the wall by the statler brothers.
That was a good song Columbia records.
It was a big head more than a big fat booby hit.
What?
I thought they had more than one song.
The statler brothers flowers on the wall.
I don't have a lot of country music here with all apologies.
Oh come on good thank God.
Hey what about all?
I'll go ahead.
What? No go ahead.
Go ahead.
I was gonna say amarillo brillo from Frank Zappa.
Yeah.
I don't know.
I don't care.
I've had a couple of those.
I mean that's the best song about a city's amarillo f and brillo.
Come on.
Come on.
All they want to do is put on it's just like the old pool building days.
They finally gave them something to say.
Oh gee here you go.
How about this one?
Geneva, New York by hell of a town.
You know like that.
How about born in East LA from Cheez and Tom?
Sure.
Put it on there.
I don't give a crap.
I mean you're gonna compare that with LA women.
Yeah.
That's way funnier.
Original singer Lucky Star released an LP called Lucky's Been Everywhere
which contained four different versions.
Great Britain USA, New Zealand, Australia.
I've been everywhere.
That's a good song.
I like it.
You like it?
Yeah and apparently it's also been recorded by everyone.
Right.
So they like it too I guess.
QAM hello.
Oh he's got some concovers.
QAM hello.
Hola.
Yeah?
Yes.
What's up?
What do you got?
Oh, Lane for Philadelphia, Montabrumia, Super Soaker.
Got some fun.
QAM hello.
QAM.
Yeah hi.
Calling one for the poll.
Yeah.
Oh Neil.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well I'm in the car so I heard you talking and then I heard the polls of American cities.
But I wasn't gonna say London calling by the class but there's London Kentucky.
And now I gotta go with the worst song.
It would probably be please come to Boston.
Oh so glad you said that.
Yes.
So anyway that's all I got.
Thanks pal.
Yeah.
In fact when we were doing the duty water thing with the stand-ills I was gonna say and I forgot.
And thank the Lord this guy who doesn't have Alzheimer's like I do.
Please come to Boston.
That's one of the who did that Kenny Loggins?
Close try again.
Loggins of Messina.
Close try again.
I'm gonna say somebody Loggins Dave Loggins.
Right?
Right.
Well some Loggins guy.
He's come to Boston and bow your brains out.
Oh my God.
Talk about depressing.
I never felt that way in Boston.
Thank God I lived there for like I don't know about six months eight months.
61 62-ish and I was Jewish.
And I had my own little radio.
I told you this I bought one out to some radio chef kind of place and I bought my little transmitter.
I hooked it up to my web core real real recorder.
And I taped all this music off WBZ and then I had my own radio show.
I think it was like a 10 watt transmitter you know and you hook it up and you turn it on and you can adjust it to like almost any frequency you want.
Which you find an open frequency and then I get my little corveira and I drive around in the back bay there and I listen to my own show.
With my music.
Well that's something.
It was kind of like an amateur hour version of pirate radio.
But nevertheless I like Boston the food there was fabulous.
Oh my God and the people.
Wow.
Well, I got all those colleges there you know right off my alley so to speak.
All those college guys and girls and whatever else they are.
A lot of rats though.
Yeah.
Ronnie says Jimmy Buffett's got a song title.
Everybody's got a cousin in Miami aside from being perfect for the pool.
The lyrics are very accurate.
Oh, they must be skating then if they're very accurate.
Even though I've lost touch you know something I hope I have lost touch.
Oh God.
Barry McCockner says Cleveland rocks by the presence of the west of America.
It was also the theme song on the Duke Eri show Cleveland rocks got it.
I hope you're adding all of these because I'm going to have 10,000 city names on the uphol.
At least.
WQIM hello.
I'm your friend.
QIM hello.
Yes.
I left my heart and share for Cisco, baby.
Yeah.
I think you ought to go back and get it.
It's on the pool.
Oh, I know number two on the pool.
Get out of here.
My God.
Holy sweet.
Jesus.
God and Mary.
Hollywood night by Bob Siger.
Who?
Hollywood night.
Hollywood night.
Hollywood night.
Yeah.
Put them on there.
I don't care.
Put 4,000 on there.
You're just a new daddy, Oak.
I keep hearing your concerns about my family.
Flowers on the wall, baby.
Flowers on the wall.
You're counting flowers on the wall.
I wouldn't have been a month.
They had a lot of gospel hits.
The staff of Brethren's Hill.
Yeah.
I have a mission Joey Phonus and Jonas.
Yeah.
You have a lot of gospel.
Let them pop and play.
They'll all be a chance to be a thing.
We're in a chance to be in stone.
With the deck, girl.
No name at the moment.
I don't like it as much.
Now, I'm putting it back in.
Right.
Maybe you like the boy right?
Captain, hey, you're a kid.
I don't tell anybody.
That guy sounded like the Elvis guy.
The guy with the deep voice.
He used to...
And a guy in Laurence Welk with the deep voice.
What though his name?
Don't ask me.
The tall, skinny guy with the real members.
The lovely Anakani.
And here's the lemon sisters.
I wanted to.
Those are the the ticket numbers.
That's the Lawrence Well station.
I wanted to.
They never get to the three though,
especially sitting the morning.
I wanted to.
Kind of like what we have at night.
Oh, it's something.
It'll be real interesting to see this trend.
Not.
Okay, I said you can't get any new audience
when there's no promotion when especially on a fossil
like AM radio.
Oh, we don't have any money for promotion.
You should know that.
Neil were making all these budget cuts.
Bum bum.
Yeah, right.
Sure.
I don't think there is any depression.
I think a whole bunch more people are sticking a whole
bunch more money in their pocket and telling all the rest of us.
Oh, what was us?
What was us?
That's what I think, especially in this business.
And that ran look at that.
The Dow is up 122 points.
And that's because barracks have a news conference.
The story that you just talked about in your own paper.
I haven't confirmed that it was accurate.
And I don't want to get into the details of this point.
So do you have another question?
Conflict between what you said your hands off approach and the
possibility that he presents them in.
John, I said the US Attorney's Office specifically asked us not
to release this until next week.
What about on a special election?
I think it's a good idea.
Give him kind of a chaos here in Illinois.
I eat, you know, I've said that.
Throw your shoe at him, Barack.
Throw your shoe.
There you go.
I think I think that could start a new trend.
I'd love to see it.
Which is the best song ever written about in American city.
New York, New York.
These little Tom Blue is 48.
Winning hands down your pants.
I love my heart in San Francisco 19.
He couldn't sing a look either.
Tony Bennett.
He never couldn't.
He never will.
He sings like it with a list.
He sings like Jimmy Cifalitic talks.
You know what I mean?
New York State of mind 17.
People lost Vegas 17 speaking of Vegas.
I always wondered now maybe it was just me.
Maybe too much Godfather, but I always wondered about those entertainers.
Maybe they knew Johnny Fontaine.
A lot of entertainers who really weren't all that good,
but they were always appearing in Vegas.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Maybe they had connections, right?
Joey Brown and a whole bunch of other guys.
And Dean Martin and Martin and Lewis.
Who are some of the other ones?
Don Rickles.
Throw it down.
What's wrong with Don Rickles?
I'm not saying anything wrong with them.
I'm just saying maybe he like, you know,
had a piece of that cake from Hyman Roth.
I don't know.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He don't have any new projects.
Sport radio.
Requires.
He's.
Oh yeah.
Fourth leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM.
Miami for the other day.
I am some of the maiden and whenever I am in Miami,
I listen to neuro Rogers.
We're a pool of hours.
You know, friends,
chewing tobacco become real popular.
Seems like everywhere I go,
more and more people are chewing up baking mounds at the back.
And spitting out huge gobs at the back of you.
But when it comes to real spitting pleasure,
you can't meet new great expectations chewing tobacco.
It's not just another child.
It's a way to shine your shoes.
It's a concealed but legal weapon.
Give me your money, man.
I can't see.
Yep, thanks to great expectations.
You got the time to put your fist
between his cheek and gun.
It's even a convenient home decorator.
Honey, can I have brown polka dot furniture?
Sure, darling.
Thanks, huh?
Don't thank me.
Thank great expectations.
It'll help you spit.
Clock the deck.
All right, 12 o'clock,
2 o'clock, 60 WQM.
We got the big old coming up into a clock
until I need a mark.
Stakes over that slot next week.
Here's one that says I just want to drop you.
No, tell you what a breath of fresh air you are.
You remind me of the golden era of talk radio.
All those of the days.
And it lists some of the most boring people
I've ever remembered in my life.
Bill Smith, Sandy Payton, Jerry Wiesner, and so on.
I've been a long time listener and like,
why don't you get better with each passing decade?
Go Fins and thanks to your board up.
Javier X.A.I.V.E.R.
He's truly a compliment to the wonderful
Q-Bottle community.
Who is who?
Keep up the good work.
And I'll just remember to end the bird hill.
Mary Christmas and have a blessed new year.
God bless you.
I think he means.
Who's Javier?
I remember Javier from Godfather's.
What?
But he's a great compliment to your show.
Yeah, he is.
Whoever he is.
Oh, if you think that one's good,
wait till you get this from one of our real chronics.
Jason, where in hell is it in my pile?
Oh, yeah, Jason.
There's nothing worse than chastising other people
for being stupid and then showing your own stupidity.
Let me start by reading the last part of this short email.
First, you're always saying you get words misspelled
on the emails.
Don't these dumbasses know about spell check?
For the pool, please.
Georgia by Willie Nelson.
City, Georgia.
Yeah, right.
And second choice, Rocky, him out in a high Colorado by John Denver.
Last time I checked, Jason,
Georgia and Colorado were states.
Not cities.
Maybe they're strong.
Maybe they're city states now.
I thought Georgia was by Ray Charles too, by the way.
It is.
Willie Nelson, record that.
He might have, but let's pretend.
He might have recorded a lot of stuff.
He had that, he had that thin hit gear on too tight.
That was his problem.
Take it off and wash it out once in a while.
Willie and let the roaches out.
Oh, that's right.
This is the guy that's obsessed with Willie Nelson.
Oh, good life.
How about last train to Clarksville?
Monkeys.
Yep, right.
Let's do this.
Clarksville.
I don't know.
Georgia does a whole bunch of them.
Georgia.
Georgia, my ass.
How do you do that?
Georgia, maybe it's a next down river from Aintree down the Kahoo
Lawasi River from Aintree.
That guy died.
The banjo picker, he died.
He got old and they died.
There's also a sweet home Chicago.
What are you doing?
Are you like, are you joining in with these crazy people and?
Hey, I'm just tossing them out there.
Yeah, toss this.
Go toss the salad.
Okay.
Thank you.
Vicki was talking about the night Chicago died.
Here's one from somebody who obviously just don't get it.
Neil, I don't understand what you mean when you keep saying how great the food is in
a certain place.
Obviously, it depends on specific restaurants.
And in even a few years of time, great restaurants open and close.
For example, in Miami, dozens of awesome restaurants have closed, but also dozens of awesome
restaurants have opened in the last few years.
So this person evidently is too slow to understand that in some cities, there is a great
selection of fabulous food like in Rome, for example, in Rome.
Anybody who thinks that they're going to get Italian food anywhere else like you get
in Rome is dreaming, dreaming, deluding themselves.
And for example, in Amsterdam, the food is kaka, even a ratchewan eat it.
Kaka?
That's right.
That's the food in Amsterdam.
So I don't think it's really rocket science to figure.
And when I keep talking about the great food in Boston, it was and it probably still is.
That's where I got fat in Boston.
Fat as in the prayer call.
That's right.
Well, you should have been banned in Boston.
Matt and Miami is back one last time.
I blocked him.
You're an idiot.
He just won't stop.
He's like a fan, the same thing.
They just keep coming back like they want to have this ongoing argument.
And they just they always have to have the last word on and on and on.
Just repeating the same old crap over and over again.
Stubborn.
Like a woman.
Matt and Miami says, I'm not trying to tell you how to run your show.
You have the number one show in South Florida.
No, I don't.
And I can't beat the price.
I've noticed some of the chronic horrors haven't been calling you as much as they did in the past, which I'm sure you're happy about.
And which one would those be that aren't calling as much as they did in the past?
They call it any time I open the phone.
The same misfits are there.
I think they're all the fake e-mailers now.
Why can't they just be themselves rather than trying to be somebody else?
When is Fat Jolly Joe Belgun to realize what he has in the great Neil Rogers show?
Quit trying to kiss my ass, Matt and just go away.
If you like the show, listen to it.
Listen to it and quit with the advice on and on complaints.
And there was the other one.
Critiques and complaints.
Critiques and complaints.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, never stops.
Matt, get a life, all right?
I have no life.
He starts out by saying he's not trying to do this.
And then he just goes ahead and continues doing it.
I'll run the show.
OK, if you like it, great.
The product you said, the price is right.
If you don't like it, bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Have a good time.
Do you like it?
There you go.
And even if you don't like it, but you can't live without it.
Then keep listening and shut up.
God.
Here's this evil Jorge, allegedly in Dawsonville, Georgia,
but we know better because he's bitching about on N95.
He says, I have something for the holidays.
And this is one of the nastiest, one of the most negative hateful people.
And he's got a fake name, Jorge Hernandez.
OK, allegedly from client relations and investigations
in Dawsonville, Georgia.
I know, a Hollison-Billy Rieger from Hawkinsville, Georgia.
And so what's his name?
Taylor.
Oh, OK.
Not Ted Taylor.
The other harness driver, Taylor, Frank Taylor, with the one thumb.
I have something for the holidays.
He says evil Jorge in Dawsonville, Georgia, not.
We should do a poll.
Which celebrity are you most happy as dead now?
Well, that talk about building a poll.
And in a cool Elvis, Bob Lasseter,
boy, talk about nasty, Bernie Mac, Luther Vandross, evil,
cannibal, et cetera.
Boy, nasty, hateful, rotten, bastard.
I wish you were in the Hawkinsville, Georgia,
somewhere like that, some horrible place.
Because believe me, if anybody deserves it, it's Jorge.
Luna Moonbase says the name of that Zaffa song is really
Camerillo, Camerillo, not Amarillo,
so it doesn't count anyway.
Did we didn't put it on, or did we?
No.
Good.
Thank God.
Let's have your top.
Somebody sends me a list of 191 songs.
They Googled it.
And so they decided to send them all to me.
There are some really, really.
What about Chicago by Graham Nash,
as Brian and Deerfield Beach?
And it says, oh, I need to get a life.
Chicago by Graham Nash?
What song is that?
It doesn't ring any bells.
Maybe I have it.
Oh, Andrew trying to be a real comedian.
How about this one?
I lost my ass in entry by Ned Vady and the River Buck Boys.
Oh, yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Maria B.
Amarillo, Bartiromo is back.
How's the NASDAQ doing?
Is up 35 points?
The S&P is up 14.
And how's the Adao doing?
Dao is, well, we'll get it on there a little bit slow.
We know what time it is, OK?
Where is the damn Dao?
You idiots at CNN?
You in confidence, you knitwits, you goof butts up on 97 point.
Hello, Mr. Rogers, is the fake Maria Bartiromo.
I hope all is well with you.
By the way, what's the price of the looney today?
81.
Just because I'm baggy, I'd bitch, doesn't mean
I don't know my markets.
I sure hope you followed my advice on looney protection.
Remember, there's always a buying opportunity.
Yeah, keep pedaling, bitch.
PS, I'd like to give a song suggestion.
Will Smith going to Miami?
That fits right in with the ambiance of your financial
advice, Maria.
Real bogus crap.
It's on the poll anyway, right?
It's, I don't know.
I don't care.
Like I can keep track.
We've only got like 7,000 songs on there.
Jimmy Buffett's got a song titled,
says, run, everybody's got a cousin in Miami.
Aside from being printed from the poll,
lyrics are very accurate.
Everybody sent that before.
I read it once, now I want it to us.
Bring it in here.
Keep sending it over and over again.
Let's see if I keep reading it.
Can y'all feel that?
Can y'all feel that?
Yeah.
Check it out.
Carolyn Ian.
Have a list of a whole bunch of sponsors that I used to have.
Says, Neal Rogers listeners, their loyal consumers.
Happy holidays.
Good luck at Woodbuy and Carolinian.
Don't worry Carolinian.
They don't sell this show.
They don't talk about it.
They don't discuss it during sales meeting.
Promotion meetings.
They don't want nothing to do with us.
And you know what?
That's fine.
We don't want nothing to do with them either.
They suck.
Long time list, their love you show.
Just a song for the poll.
It says it's called Walking in Memphis.
I don't know who the performer is.
Keep up the good work and spread to the upper management.
Sean D.
PS Pat suck.
Go dolphins every day is a new day.
Oh, yeah, Pat suck.
They're 9 and 5.
It seems to me with like 90% of the team injured.
They're still 9 and 5.
Not that we're making excuses.
Man, man, man.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
People with new projects.
4.805.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So let's go play.
The best talent.
It's the G.A. Joe.
Wake night from the end to an end.
Here I come.
4.805.60 QAM.
The sports teacher.
You're a best.
And when I die,
Hey, man.
Yeah, man.
And when I'm dead,
I'm dead.
Is that death rock, man?
Yeah, man.
Well, turn it up, man.
Another one, bust it up.
You from more QAM records.
It's death rock.
Yes, it's all here.
Car crashes.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Murders.
I got a share of it.
Suicides.
I was the dog.
It's death rock.
This is the end.
You get all the mortal classics.
Live and let die.
Funeral for a friend.
Don't fear the Reaper.
Only the good die young.
Get man's curves.
Psycho killer.
And more.
And if you order now,
we'll also send you the best of,
hate rocks.
Nothing.
Oh, man.
Let the killer out the minute.
But hurry.
This offer won't last long.
And hey, neither will you.
So order now.
Send 9.95.99 to death rock.
Pinebox.666.
Toothstone Arizona.
And do it today because.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, 1217 and 560 WQM.
The emails are pretty good today.
They're, they're puking in.
You know what I mean?
What do you mean?
They're not up to the standard.
Anita marks email that we started the show with.
But.
Did you find out who sent that yet?
Nope.
You know, did you find out?
I'm a friend.
You know what I did find out?
What's that?
I'm on the show the next two weeks.
All right.
All right.
Tommy's on the show for two weeks.
Let's have a party.
Thank you, Lisa.
Tell me.
Oh, Lee told you that.
I thought maybe Clarence told you.
Clarence doesn't waste his time with.
Underline show.
I knew you.
I have a course with this show.
That's right.
Goes without saying.
And what's the idea with that?
With.
That you're on the next two weeks.
Is that because of the vacation thing?
I would assume.
All right.
Well, that's great.
Now, let me ask you.
Because we did take a bunch of calls.
We'll probably take a bunch more.
I'm saying to say.
But is this going through the old board?
Or is this right now going through the original way it was going through?
Right.
Oh, so we haven't even tested it out to see if your thing is.
No.
No.
QAM. Hello.
Anya, how are you doing?
Okay.
I got one for the poll.
What about the great city of Coca-Cola in Indiana with the Beach Boys song?
Right.
That's right.
Good song.
That was about that place, right?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I thought so.
See you.
I glad to hear Fred Christian back on the show for a while.
Two more weeks, baby.
I'm jacked up and I'm jacking at two.
Okay.
But.
So, what do you think?
Coca-Cola?
You got that on there?
Do it at home.
Mani and Tallahassee says, this is one I know you'd remember and appreciate.
Someone called a classic.
The Battle of New Orleans made famous by Bobby Horton.
No, it was not Bobby Horton.
It was Johnny Horton.
Mani, you better get your stuff straightened out.
Well, in the 1960 Grammy Award for Best Country Western Recording, it's your day, but
it's Johnny Horton, not Bobby Horton.
Jesus, God Almighty, Mani.
Rub it off on you up there in Tallahassee.
In 1814, we took the little trip along the Colonel Jackson down to my dismissal.
We took the little bacon and we took the little beans and we caught the bloody British and a town in New Orleans.
Yeah, I got to drop something in there when he said we took the little beans, but we can't play that no more.
Yeah.
That's Johnny Horton, right?
Right.
Same with Johnny Horton that did North to Alaska.
He got around.
How about that in North to Alaska?
Isn't that a city?
Georgia and Rocky Mountain High Colorado.
And this Jason's given people crap because they're illiterate.
Oh, God.
Talk about the popcorn and kettle turquoise.
Jesus, God Almighty.
Here's another sour person.
I'm so glad that tourism is collapsing and that there are much fewer visitors, especially French people.
I'm not a Canadian.
I'd be thrilled if you'd spend your entire show just trashing Miami.
And why is that?
They're like French Canadians.
Are they going to hear it?
What are these people thinking about?
And trying to convince all your listeners to leave.
Unfortunately, most of them apparently have already left or died out.
That's correct.
Just leave one something open for me, or publics, and maybe the hard rock and everybody else get out.
Sour, nasty.
Screw you rotten, lousy, nasty attitude.
Here's one that makes a lot of sense.
Not where you're not invited to the labastered 40th birthday party extravaganza with bookshombie and grade code text.
No, I was not in order to give a crap about any of them over there.
Okay.
They're small potatoes.
They're like Frankie Pentangely.
They think that they're like running a radio station that they're like real broadcasters and they're not.
They're not.
Amateur hour, make believe and they don't even own an anastation.
It's a lease deal from Dennis Collins.
Oh, God.
Talk about embarrassing.
Steven Jersey says, less you know, but very cool songs about cities.
Monteray by the animals.
That's less you're known.
It was a big fat-headed.
Hitted.
You got it?
Monteray?
Look at the church.
By Eric Burden in the animals.
1968, I would say.
You don't have it?
Nope.
Oh, my God.
We'll go get it.
A near city blues by the art birds and go in New York by the climax blues band.
You want to put in there's a monitor ray for sure.
By the animals.
Add it.
Got it?
Yep.
Good.
At the end of the show, I'll read the whole list of the 6000 names of cities we got on there.
We got almost every city.
How about Saginaw?
Okay.
There is a song called Saginaw.
A couple of few bars.
I don't know how it goes.
Pete from Boccas is, I hear you talking about going to the casino all the time.
Sometimes I go to the aisle in Pompo, a hard rock and less often coconut creek.
Probably not old enough Pete to go to coconut creek.
Mostly I go because my wife likes to play the schlots, but lately we've gone to the hard rock because we like blackjack.
Do you ever play blackjack?
I have it.
I'm very, very bored with it.
It is so boring.
And you read an article yesterday that said, Casino is all over the country really feeling the pinch due to the economic meltdown.
So with this in mind, I have a question.
Do you think it's better to go to a casino when times are good or when times are tough?
Is that funny?
It all depends on your times.
If you got plenty of money, then go and do whatever you want.
I think what he's getting at is that they're going to have a better chance of winning when times are tough or tough.
I have no idea.
I had a good day yesterday.
Good and miracle day yesterday was losing my ass and pulled out a great day.
Not a good day, a great day.
Pull George's whole story.
Yep.
I'm asking you because I've heard you say that Casino is all for machine payouts.
No.
If this is true, do you think they fix the machines to pay out less than hard economic times or more?
I tell my wife that now is not the time to go because the casino is a probably thing I'd less to make up for their current shortfall.
She thinks I'm wrong.
Unlike me, she doesn't believe Casino is fixed machine payouts.
No, they just let you go in and it's like random and I hope they have good luck.
Like Mowgreen, he just, you know, he wasn't skimming off the top.
He just had bad luck.
She says, why would they pay out less if they hope to bring people back?
I told her I didn't get an expert opinion, so which is it?
Higher payouts are restricted payouts.
I haven't got any idea.
You're the best, yes I am.
Pete from Volka also says,
PSI really liked the deli at the aisles, but heard a rumor they might be closing.
Hmm.
Yeah, those aisle of repeat people, they really know what they're doing.
Not, not, God, what they did to pump it up, it's just, it's scary as what it is.
Although they do have a pretty good selection of machines, I'll say that.
They got one, it's called a cheeseburger.
I forget, I played it and I won like 600 bucks on it.
I didn't even know what the hell I was doing.
Cheeseburger.
Okay.
Yeah, and you have to like hit certain things and the burger ads like lettuce or mayo and it goes up to,
I don't know what it is.
Cheeseburger.
Branden says time for some math.
Just so you can figure sometimes how long the delay is for when you can email or reply from somebody.
Whatever the delay is on the radio, what is the delay?
We're on about 20 minutes, like 30 seconds, four hours.
Plus about a 30 second delay on the internet stream from what is on the radio,
radio delay plus internet delay, plus whatever delay is on the email is your answer.
What is that, moon?
Huh?
Whatever the delay is on the radio, plus about a 30 second delay on the internet stream from what is on the radio,
radio plus internet, there's a delay on the internet.
I don't know.
They're on to be.
Now when you're talking about for dumping stuff,
we don't do that.
That would require an interest or effort or involvement on their part,
which they don't want to, they're not going to be involved in that.
If it doesn't make them any money, they don't want to be involved with it.
Don't you understand?
You're the one that's always saying, if it doesn't make me any money,
I do understand.
I do understand.
I do understand that it could lose the money.
It vows up 110 points.
Well, you're suggesting, like, that they're smart.
Is that what you're thinking?
I would never.
Is this email working or am I blocked?
I said email about the glass urinals, but didn't hear you read it.
Well, I didn't get any email about any glass urinals, so you've ascended again, okay?
You're not blocked.
Wow.
Many in Tallahassee comes back, Johnny Horton, not Bobby.
Next he's going to say it was Tim Horton done it.
I'm such a schmuck, damn gum at Bobby Bowden got to me.
That's right.
That's that Tallahassee mentality after F.S. and U.
Mata Hoopal.
Mata Hoopal and what?
Yeah.
Mata Hoopal and what's the song?
New Mexico?
Well, I got a good one.
How about the BG's Massachusetts?
That's the city in that?
Sure.
God.
How many do we have on here?
About 6,000?
We only got 292 votes.
42.
42 what?
42 different songs?
Correct.
Who wrote for a hollywood?
That didn't have any.
It's old.
You know, that would be like one of those old timers.
Youngstown.
Detroit City Blues.
These have none.
Moderate.
Well, just one honor.
Last train to Clarksville.
That's a good song.
No sleep till Brooklyn.
Detroit City Blues.
Youngstown, Hooray for hollywood.
Have none.
Have the big O.
That's an infomnia.
That's a shame.
Remember the guy who called in or sent the email.
What's an infomnia?
Yep.
I mean, does it take a lot, especially within the context of the movie?
And that scene where the heads of the five families are meeting?
Right.
Does it take somebody really with a great deal of intelligence
to figure out what the hell that word may not have.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
What is your largest?
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
It's the big O.
Orlando Elzugeri.
Afternoon.
Two to four.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Be criminalized pot in Florida.
Put on my final ones and I heard it from Street.
Just check out the best of Hossler and I'm starting to feel heat.
Suddenly I see people checking out my buttons I see.
Yeah, I got a first class riser.
It don't pitch the 10-mile jeans.
Now I'm sporting a Woody.
I'm finding it impossible to see how I'm sporting a Woody.
I feel like an axle without a wheel.
So the ghost of this.
He was part one too.
Followed him up to the gate to Grayson.
Just to see what he would do.
So ghost of the face he could be there.
As he headed for his room.
There's a privilege in the ghost.
She's waiting for his post.
Down in the jungle room.
Whisper in what is in Memphis.
It's still impossible to conceal.
Sporting wood is in Memphis.
I feel like an axle without a wheel.
Sporting wood is in Memphis.
It's almost impossible to conceal.
Sporting wood is in Memphis.
I feel like an axle without a wheel.
Oh, we got another fake email from fake Anita Mars.
Great.
Hey, you better get with it, Mr.
You're just ending with the fake people like I am.
I've been around as long as I have.
You made a lot of fake people in your days.
To live in Dianna L.A., two-pock.
You want to put it on there? No.
I don't care.
Sure, why not?
How to you?
Joe says ACDC, I feel safe in New York City.
Why?
It came out late 2000.
It's not been heard since 9-11.
PS, I was in a flight out of Florida to spend time with my mother for Christmas.
Funny, but my furnace broke down.
This is Joe from Toronto.
Yeah, pretty funny, Joe.
Haha.
Back in the New York group by Alice.
Freely.
I know her.
Freely.
I pee.
Freely.
Oh, Freely.
From Kiss.
Oh, from Kiss.
Oh, my God.
I sure hope that party don't show up on that Gene Simmons family jewels crap.
Oh, good.
God.
What we discussed the other day, those shows are evil.
Not as evil as...
Not a shot of love.
But almost.
What is that crap?
Is that Ace Freely something you're just talking about?
I've never heard of it.
I thought it.
If you're lucky, you're dead.
I can't eat cowly on CNN.
Okay, here's the way to pull shapes up right now.
How many votes we got 304?
309.
Which is the best song ever written about an American city.
Not a state, not a country, not an ocean.
New York, New York, these little town blues 54.
Winning just hands down your pants.
New York, New York.
That's not it.
That's a hell of a town.
These little town blues.
That's it.
The one that he sings off key.
Anyway, did you get my point?
I was making before about the mob and a lot of these entertainers who always
have been up and figured about that before.
Yeah.
Really wonder about some of these people.
But you know, I can't prove it.
I left my aunt San Francisco 25.
He was another one.
Tony Bennett.
New York State of my 19, Viva Las Vegas 19.
Boy, nobody's singing like Bob Lincoln man.
Viva Las Vegas, remember that?
Sure.
Oh my God.
We're all ready to kill somebody, especially him.
And he's singing Viva Las Vegas.
He hasn't called us in a long time from out there.
Thank God.
Maybe he lost his ass.
Miami will Smith 17 votes.
That's in in Fomnia.
Detroit, Rock City 16, City of New Orleans 13, LA woman 12.
New York, New York, it's a hell of a town.
The Bronx is up in the batteries down 11.
Philadelphia Freedom was a late addition.
It's got 10.
Should have a million.
Going back to Miami 9, Allentown 9, Galveston 9,
which it's all I'm in 8.
Do you know the way to San Jose 8?
My kind of town Chicago 7.
New York Minute 6, Sweet Home Chicago 5, Cleveland,
Rox 5, Locking in Memphis 5.
Woody's in Memphis.
Dirty water 4.
If you got to get caught between the moon in New York City,
Arthur's theme 4, Born in the East LA 3.
Walking to New Orleans 3.
Bristol Stomp 3.
Streets at Philadelphia 3.
Moon over Miami 3.
Cockamoon over Miami.
Cokamote 2.
Hollywood Knights 2.
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans 2?
I sure don't.
Oh, what a toilet.
Last train to Carstville 1.
No sleep till Brooklyn 1.
Kansas City 1.
By the time I get to Phoenix 1.
Tallahassee Lassi 1.
What made Milwaukee famous 1?
I'll tell you what it was.
Watson Beer, man.
And Nazis.
Emorylo by Morning 1.
And that's not the name.
We see you did put it on it.
It's not the name of the song.
It's Camer, Rich Camerillo.
East Side West Side, the Side Works of New York 1.
Now, can they figure out what song they want to play
before the Belmont?
You know, like at the Durbian to preekness,
there's a song they always play over here.
And the Belmont they used to play New York, New York.
I can't figure out how it's East Side West Side.
I don't know what they want to play.
Neither do they.
Monterey Detroit City Blues,
Youngstown, Hurray for Hollywood, have none.
Oh, Ethel Merman must be really upset about that.
Hurray for, huh?
Emorylo by Morning 1.
It was one of the original choices.
What do you mean by that?
I didn't add it.
It was already on there from the beginning.
Oh, don't know.
Don't get defensive.
We've got you for next two weeks.
You ought to be like, uh, pushing up a little bit.
I'll start getting defensive now that you finally got, you know,
a little, uh, solidarity there with flea.
See, if flea were the PD,
we wouldn't be getting screwed over like this.
Because you know, damn well,
the amount of money they're going to save off of you
are losing a few hours.
It's so insignificant.
You know, even pencils and paperclips.
Hey, don't forget all those benefits, you know.
Oh, yeah, right.
You ever collect any benefits from the station?
Uh, no.
Is there any way you can stop playing them a graph
the crime dog spots on the internet?
No, I, we have nothing to do with the internet.
At all, I'm almost rather listening to George
and those commercials says some smart ass
giving you a nasty shot.
Uh, somebody says the streaming is 30 seconds behind the radio feed.
So put all those things together and then you've got an answer
for whatever Brandon was trying to figure out which I really
don't care about.
You hear it when you hear it.
You know, I mean, the price of the same price is right.
Journey, the city by the bay.
Got it. You want it?
I'm just reading them.
A new building just opened downtown called Vice Roy at Icon Brickle.
One of the towers is along on the 50th floor.
The bathroom and lounge has glass urinals up against the floor
to ceiling glass windows.
So if you've ever fantasized about flashing Miami
from 50 stories up while peeing,
now you know where you can go to do it.
Great.
Oh, God, a bad joke.
Have you heard from Mitch Lewis lately?
Last time I heard he was here in LA,
can you play the Neor-Efford promo, sisal?
Oh, fake Alice Rantell.
What is that Neor-Efford promo?
What is that?
It's called Epic promo and I heard from Mitch Lewis just this morning
to remind me that he's voicing a documentary about Charles Manson's
missing victims on December the 8th at 9 p.m.
George couldn't find Monterey 67 video below.
Don't delete the link.
Steven Jersey.
Yeah, funny.
Funny video is as easy.
Funny the MP3 file.
That'll sound good on the air.
Exactly.
What am I going to do with that?
Where am I going to stick that?
Oh, Pete from Bokeh is back with a law.
I just got your Readiness thing about the casino.
Pete from Bokeh, remember?
Yep.
Oh, he's going to be a real man.
He likes the deli at the Isle of Comprim and he thinks it's going bust.
Here's another Cliff and Kendall, pull ID.
Who'd you like most to throw a shoe at?
Neil Rogers, George Rodriguez, Joe Bell or Jimmy Cifalus?
How about Cliff and Kendall?
Let's throw 100 shoes at you, Cliff.
God.
I think the shipment must have come in to that, believe it.
Are you kidding me?
What's that?
Drifting through Lines and without to rescue you?
Then I want to talk to you.
I know it.
I know it.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
I know it's a good idea.
And so for you, we got the cure.
Just eat some of us.
Eat us every day.
And then flush your clothes away.
Don't you know that they're in cold and they're tasty?
Never use the list of pasties.
They're XX is nice, but it don't work fast.
Just eat some foods.
They're real blasts.
I'm the party developing.
I'm the party dreaming of 320 messages.
I'm the party hoping to see my dream.
I'm ready!
I'm a party hoping to see my dream going to started at 4 am.
Hey instituiAA!
Known as Georgia Breanna & competition.
Next weekend, I'll be on vacation for that but my
kiss would be on a week after the weekend.
But at that time last weekend, Tracy virginia
What city is that song about?
Peter says about WBC. Well, I tell you that was a great radio station way back in the day
Back in the days of personality radio back when AM was like living and trolling and breathing and
Etc. Neil did you ever listen to Bruce Badley on WBC sir?
Can 1965-66? Yes, I did earlier than that early 60s
Probably the best rock DJ I ever heard he says no your friend Pete and Tampa
Now he was good the thing about Bruce Bradley is that most people didn't realize that he used to be an MLR middle-to-road DJ
You know back before the rock era and he hated almost all the music he had to play hated wow
That an interesting little piece of trivia there. Yes, it is
I would say Jefferson K was my favorite DJ on the WBC at the time
Maybe because he was Jewish, but I didn't know it at the time, but nevertheless
Those are the days man W.A.V.C. New York, heiner 13 and Detroit
All the great stations all the time great booming 50,000-watt giants and
then
It went to this
Like they look at the latest and this year this year. Yeah
See our minds work
He's great nip and suds with the weed
It's just these guys nip and suds and whatever the heck it is and the people I call in
They're just like them like that they were on the year what a quarter weed and they're high and they're
I mean it's terrible
But years that I've been look at listening to 610 and
And this here. Yeah
This here
Mike and four Myers suggests streets of Philadelphia by Bruce Prinks. Is that on there?
Not yet. You sure? How do you keep in track?
That a good memory god. It's been a long time since we had a poll that had this many additions to it. Oh
I've gone there on the already Charlie B. See I told you
Tracy says don't edit but the house of the rising sun is my favorite song about a city is a fantastic song
Why not answer to get many votes? I hate for it. I'm at the bottom of the pack. Why? Oh
She just answered my question. What why not add it and then she
What I added put it on
General opinion is that the house of the rising sun was a brothel
There have been several claims about its location including place in a French clover
Excavated in 2005 which had the name rising sun in the 1820s
advertising found on the excavation movement to prostitution on site and numerous parts of russian cosmetics
also fun
Still got it still got
Kind of your way to the rest of that
Another possible location was a brothel run by a French madam whose name translated to the rising sun
Or maybe when your son went there it would rise. I don't know
There's no agreement about whether it was a real place or euphemism for brothels in general
It may have also referred to several other things including the New Orleans prison for women a place where prostitutes were detained
Well being treated for syphilis
Yeah, something pens on well that it's chopped off again, you know
It was often sung by female performers as the singers gender can be ambiguous as the song of a woman who follows a drunker
Gambler of New Orleans becomes a prostitute the unapricot to there and
Really how many of the songs on the poll to people seriously considered to be the best song about American city ever written almost none
They don't answer the poll question
Here's just name us a song about a city right or a state
No, it's just calling or mailing in e names for a chance to feel like you can contribute. That's right Tracy. You got your thumb on it
I
And here's an example your close personal friend Puerto Rican Ralph. I told you he was a dumb-bo
You want to hear his selection for the best city? Please the best song about an American city my old Kentucky home by Jim neighbors
There you go
Maybe Ralph needs a refresher course back in Puerto Rico. Okay, Kentucky last time I checked with not a city
You're suggesting is shmitty, but it ain't about a city. Okay, my old Kentucky home by Jim neighbors. You fair. Oh my god
Wow, oh, so here's the a follow-up from the fake Anita Marx
Please
Hi Neil, I'm sitting here doing a little show prep for this afternoon. I'm listening to your show online
The more I hear of it, I'm convinced I made the right choice to join WQM after the Raven season
Thanks for being so welcoming and for an advanced promoting my new show that kind of teamwork was a long way with me
Mr. Bell was sure right about you
Yeah, Mr. Bell was sure right about you. Oh boy. Talk about a tip off
And by the way nobody's promoting your new show because you're a talentless bitch. Okay other than that
Although, maybe she looks pretty good. I don't know
Whether the b-says she looks horse face ass, huh horse face
Hort that's right that one a email said she's horse-faced
Horsey faced well, maybe Joe Bell likes horsey puss. I don't know
Here's one that says Scott McKenzie San Francisco is better known than or whatever. I don't near right
I love that song says. I'm sure you hated no. I do not. I love that song if you're going
Right to San Francisco. Be sure where some flowers in your thing. Yep
You got it on there
What's the exact name of it? San Francisco by Scott McKenzie. Okay
Are you gonna have to put there it is
For his mad dog we said fan Francisco you know, I was gonna put the list for you
I thought he's the guy that they call this making showers for those guys
You look at this
You
This is streets of San Francisco. That's right. Carl Maldon and Michael Douglas that's right before he became a legend doing his own mind
Bunky
We talk about a guy who takes himself away from the seriously
Michael Buckley. He's got a lot of money
Good for him
Then the Kirk Douglas finally broke his seat still on
What Kirk Douglas. I don't know
Well, look at that. Yeah, it's true. He broke. He ever had a stroke and then he couldn't speak. He'd be
Rehab and therapy and bye bye. He's cooking
Kirk Douglas dead of alive good Jewish boy Kirk Douglas. Let's see
Is he still alive still alive Kirk Douglas? How do you like that? Don't burn your head with any strokes and he's still alive
He just had his 80 second birthday on the night. That's not so old
I
Mean you know relatively speaking it is but compared to our audience. It's like a teenager
No, I apologize 90 second birthday 1916 see that's all
That's old who just died that was 92 the other day
Out of somebody somebody yesterday we headed on was 92 just croaked
Oh, it was Van Johnson. Oh, who?
Van Johnson. Oh, very pasty faced very
Boring actor from the 40s and 50s and 60s Van Morrison
Fan Johnson Van Hayler. I know you're Johnson, mr. I know my vans
Loose fan van van McCoy. Are they on the list?
360 381 361 whatever the hell it is. What's our goal 400?
Sure, we had a thousand on the other one this morning
What was the final tabulation on that, mr. Paul Meister?
106 wow
Heavy heavy duty. Can you smell it?
Paul Sean says well, this is interesting
Here I'll call Neil. I think Mata Hoopel guy wanted all the way to Memphis
The creepy thing about Lawrence Welk is that despite the heavy German accent he was natural born American
So tight was their community in North Dakota. He didn't learn English. He was 21. No speaking English
No speaking English like my Chinese market people across the street
No speaking English
I did I tell you the thing about the
charcoal
No, I didn't tell you that I don't think so
I went in there a few days ago to get some soda and whatever other crap I get in there and the the husband
There's a husband and wife Chinese money
Run the market to speak very little English and he'll every once in a while to go in there
He's listening to the how how to speak English recordings. Oh, well, he's listening to that. He's reading the Chinese newspaper
Ha ha ha ha yeah
So anyway, he holds up a bunch of aluminum trays like he used for like cooking in oh in the oven. He says this coal coal
I said no those are aluminum trays. They're tin foil trays coal. So he puts them down
He goes in the back of the story and he he brings out a pack of charcoal. Okay cool. I said yeah, cool make fire
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, my English not so good
Ha ha I guess not
No, speaking English also Cleveland Rox is written by Ian Hunter later
Matt the Hoopel from the album you're never long with skits of fernick with a skits of fernick lots of good stuff on that disc
But the pot us oh aversion was on the do carry show
Oh
Trons is the new wide to show some need of public service the best advice you ever give actually came on a rick and such
Show when you called in from your hospital bed to say you didn't think you were gonna get out of there alive
He advised never go to the hospital without an advocate to lobby for you
My godson was in the hospital. I stayed with him in his room for four days was able to intervene to prevent several major scruups
Who knows what the kid have been bullied into a left on his own
By the way the button to ring for the nurses manufactured by the same company that makes the coin return buttons on vending machines with the same effectiveness
Hate to break the news to you shonder's no more coins
And so shane that you must be suffering that we are enlightened regards pull shon
The biggest name
Are you sure you're listening to sports radio five sixty double you Q a m
Miami for the latter day
Hey, just got the rail and when I'm up in bulk it take a slap and all women with paint and lips are on the pole
I listen to the new Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the new Rogers parent balance one to two hours
Take kids what real bad for you, but chase real good
And what gives you the excess energy to drive mom crazy
So what read the cereal will you tell mom to buy next time she goes shopping
Sugar
Super sugar cold and sugar shockers are little bit of raw cane to drench them honey and cold and with powdered sugar
glucose fructose corn syrup and other natural sweeteners
Right because there's no yeti vitamins or minerals to spoil your fun
And how does it make you feel like I'm vibrating
I
And mom's a love sugar jockey stew because inside every box there's a free bottle of new Flintstones
Tuable valium
So try you super sugar cold and sugar jockey
From your friends at irresponsible foods
Q a m hello
Yeah, Neil you were asking about the lucis lots you know when when times are hard just sounds like casino Stan absolutely correct
What oh nothing Christmas. I was just checking the drop button or one of these call yeah, the one that hangs up
Talk about a one-note Charlie man that this guy is just
I don't know what to say about him obsessed
Obsessed anyway, here's a whole bunch of emails
Including Barry Jack and the fake Barry Jack has all over the whole cereal thing Sirius
Let me take a look and see if it's under 14 cents if it is death knell
See
You
Sirius stock
14 cents it's hanging right in there baby 14 cents
But anyway getting back to this first email as if we really care about this you made a mistake
Correction only because you made this error multiple times the reason I made the errors because I don't really care
790 to ticket is not a license at least deal anymore
It was formerly leased by Joel Feinberg from Lincoln financial
But after Feinberg went under Lincoln financial and took it back and is running it themselves
See that's even worse yeah
That's even worse being run by Dennis Collins and Lincoln financial that's even worse than a leased deal
So I'd be really embarrassed about that
But then again you folks go across street have no shame anyway, so you know anybody that would put Sid Rosenberg on here has to have no shame
Alice Rantel says not or a stand major can you play you belong to the city by Glenn fry
Stan used to play all the Don Johnson call at the end. I love your talk up says Alice. Well, what does that mean you belong to the city by Glenn fry
Well, that's a song we got it. No
Oh
Stan used to play all the Don Johnson calls at the end. What does that mean at the end of the song I'm thinking
I don't know probably you know, it sounds like Alice is having tough time and before you go could you do one short thing for me
What's that fan just say freeze major Miami vice your under arrest absolutely. I'm not going to do that. Oh you
Back to the Stanley that's because the Rod Baguille of it is in the name telling he looks like a younger Stan major
Take the word here same Illinois sour look
What's that same song you belong to the city
Sounds a little bit like another one but oh
Okay, that's enough. Well wait till Stan gets his own show again. He can play that
So the fake Barry Jackass is the annual shareholder meetings only a couple days away and serious xm radioink is facing a
Trifecta of negativity surrounding the company
shareholders are angry subscribers are angry and pundits are all pining over the death of a medium
A recent article in business week underscores the negativity not only is the economy in the toilet causing strains on revenue streams from
OEM and retail channels, but the company still the reads refinance of billion dollars in debt that's coming due in 2009
And that includes 210 million in February add to that the threat of being delisted from Nasdaq and the also popular reverse stock split
So now you have analist and pundits questioning the entire business model from use of the expensive satellites to high priced programming agreements
They made a mistake you made a mistake
They made a mistake and their programming contracts is Paul Gallant senior VP at Stanford group
It's like an albatross around their neck
There are lots of ways to distribute programming and satellites may not prove to be the ideal way since Mac angle and an analyst at frost and Sullivan
Serious maybe artificially limiting its scope by relying on satellite technology is a delivery vehicle
Says Susan Kavorkian a program director for research IDC what an appropriate name for somebody analyzing
A serious Kavorkian, but wait there's more
It's not just experts who are negative about serious sex and angry subscribers continue to fester negative sediment over the combining of channels
It's been a month since the switch was thrown and the unhappy narrative continues
In the middle of the holiday season nonetheless
I don't think the company expected the backlash it received or that it would continue the way it has
But during a period of much needed retail sales
It's crucial that satellite radio is part of a positive worth of mouth conversation and all it's getting right now is negativity
Reality check not all subscribers are unhappy another reality check the onion online population subscribers
Doesn't necessarily represent the entire population of subscribers
But you know what most people don't think about that
More importantly potential subscribers don't know that and even if the it's the vocal minority
It's still vocal very vocal when entire articles are written about how unhappy subscribers are guess what the general conclusion is
it blows
And Thursday shareholder meeting male Carmanson doesn't need to just to address the fear and loathing
Spawning from investors and analysts. We need to address the disheartened subscribers and wrap it all with open and honest candor
Remember Egyptian candor who drove that horse Egyptian candor
We all know the economic climate is bad right now
We understand that Mel is not happy with the share price
We get that there needs to be a lot of belt tightening order to get through this mess
And that means jobs and shows and channels, but it shouldn't be expensive simple communication
But people are looking for isn't acknowledgment
It's a vision of plan clearing concise leadership and open communication at all the touch points as in touch this
Companies always try to control the message to shape themselves in a positive light
But when you're pushing 20 million subscribers and over 40 million listeners you can't control the conversation
The only thing to do is be part of it
Riverberry got that see very fake buried doesn't really say much
He just sends me articles like it a long article by Mike Snyder USA today
also about
satellite
As serious an xm signals merge customers are confused it says oh this goes on for pages and pages you want hear it or not
I'll save it for later. Okay, if we need it
Q a m. Hello, see I was thinking maybe there would be a person good caller can make what's his name happy the one that I blocked Mike and Miami or whatever his name was
Matt mad at Miami go away Matt no go away mad just go away
Larry says from your partridge family greatest hits album
Used to play when there weren't any calls a song to add to the pool
Point me in the direction of albacracky. I mean see see what I'm worried everybody says
Point me in the direction of albacracky to anybody ever heard of it. No. Is it the best song about a city? No, would anybody believe no?
He says why do I have a feeling you may need the euphere button ready if you play this one. This is Larry
Oh, Larry Larry they just don't understand name a song about a city
Q a m hello
Q a m hello
Hola
Oh, Neil Joe Bell here. Oh, Q a m hello
Hello
W Q a m hello
Hey, how you doing? Okay
Listen, how come the media doesn't make any comment about present elect Obama smoking two packs cigarettes a day?
Stop presses yeah
And
And oh, he just want to hear like most of me. Just want to hear. I thought we could buy it during the campaign
Who cares? I don't
Business he wants to destroy his lungs. That's his business
If he wants to get the you know, bronchial disease cancer, whatever that's his business
He could smoke 20 packs a day and he still got the what we got right now beat hands down your pants schmuck
Three hundred eight nine votes on the pull we got a shot at the 400
Especially with like 400 names on the pool
We still got four or five that don't have any votes
San Francisco by Scott McKenzie now. How could that have no votes?
That's a legendary song what just recently went on there
Get out of here to live in Dianne LA Detroit city blues youngstown and hooray for holly would have none
I guess all the Ethel Merb and fans are just like her they're all dead
The best
Think fourth leader
Best talent
Jim Mandage
Fort radio five sixty Q.A.M. The sports leader. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
A club for Chennville then where all the girls
There's one thing keeps me going back the lack of their wardrobe
Maybe one will come home with me. Oh, that is what I hope. Oh, I
Really like the one name joy a stripper name joy. Oh, I really like some Christmas joy
116 at 560 WQ. I am happy Tuesday to it. Here's another sour email
criticisms and what's the other critiques and complaints
Mike says today show is horrible
You're mailing it in more than ever. It's always boring when your whole show revolves around a pool. Please put some effort into it
No
The whole show revolves around a pool like I'm the one sending all the emails right
Urchin that's it. Ah now I figured it out. Yeah, that's right. You're the fake everybody writing them all on the fake here
You're the great great. I guess I'm the fake Mike
The wonder you like the picture of the nation is horrible today. She was fine. I'm enjoying it
Even though these people are still doing the same thing they always do you know but blame me for that
That's my fault. Right what a just name a city that there's a song about
Jimmy says we serious customers are not confused. We're disgusted
I'd like to wreck my car just so I can buy a new one that doesn't have serious pre-installed
How do you like that? Yeah, not confused. Disgusted
Now here's one from somebody 80s 1980 whoever that is
And again same same thing these classic songs are of Texas City's or Towns
Lagrange ZZ top
Luckin back Texas waitlin Jennings or one that we will put on there El Paso by Marty Robbins
That's a good song okay down now now now now now now now now now now right yep
El Paso
There it is
Marty Robbins a white sport co-oping carnation
And my foot deep inside
You're welcome out in the west Texas town of El Paso
Okay
Enough
Very Macognus is a police and oh this is a story
From Ken Shasha in the Congo
Police in Congo arrested 13 suspected sorcerers accused of using black magic to steal our shrink-winds penises
After wave of panic and attempted lynchings triggered by the lens witchcraft
Reports of so-called penis matching or not on common West Africa where belief in traditional religions and witchcraft remains widespread
And where ritual killings to obtain blood or body parts still occur
Rumors of penis theft began circulating last week and Ken Shasha democratic republican of Congo's sprawling capital with some 8 million inhabitants
They quickly dominated radio calling shows with listeners advised to be where
A fellow passengers and communal taxis wearing gold rings
Like the Jonas Brothers there where they're wearing a ring around their thing
Proported victims 14 of whom were also detained by police claimed that sorcerer simply touched them to make the genitals shrink or disappear
What some residents said was an attempt to extort cash with the promise of a cure
You just have to be accused of that and people come after you. We've had a number of attempted lynchings
You see them covered in marks after being beaten can charge as police chief told Reuters on Tuesday
Police are right to the accused sorcerers in their victims in an effort to avoid the sort of bloodshed seen in Ghana a decade ago
When 12 suspected penis natures were beaten to death by angry mobs the 27 men have since been released
I'm tempted to say it's one huge joke
Said the appolice chief
But when you try to tell the victims that their penises are still there they tell you that it's become tiny or that they've become impotent
That then I tell them how do you know if you haven't gone home and tried it? He said
Go home and try it
Some kin charge our residents accuse a separatist sect from nearby bass Congo province of being behind the witchcraft and
Eventually recent government cracked on its members so to speak said a plan word that is members
It's real just yesterday here. There was a man who was a victim
We saw what was left was tiny said 29-year-old Elaine Kailala who sells phone credits near a conchacha police station
How do you like that? They're shrinking and stealing penises in the Congo. Yeah
I could go to the Congo, but I don't want to yeah goes on all the time does it really
That I heard let me touch that and see if it shrinks
Oh, here's the fake Mahatma Gandhi you're right about the emails most of them are fakes
I myself have several fake accounts which I used to email your show
Oh my god an honest email. I can't believe it. How do you like that? Oh, there's tea lead by ye of florida news and the deleted
What what is that do we have any idea what that is? Nope, I don't think about this. We care
I mean it's deleted and blocked in what yadeon
405 votes nice going there tubby I mean to over 14 ever votes on the two polls, but of course this one is so gigantic in humongous
New York I'm not really sure which of these songs that keep singing around one these little Tom blues
I'm singing off key
71 kick and ask man went in by a landslide
And then Tony Bennett I left my heart in San Francisco 31
Couldn't see his way out of a paper sack
New York State of mind 25 Detroit rock city 22
Viva Las Vegas 22 Miami will Smith 22
Alentown 19 oh
City of New Orleans is doing okay. It's got 16
W Q a m hello on your brain Q a m hello
And the end of once me
What I the end is the city huh Indiana and a city last time I checked moron
Indiana's the city
dumb dumber and dumbest
Q a m hello
Hello, yes, sir. Yeah, listen. I called you before
It was your guards to the Rangers you hate the Rangers some reason
You called me before you mean like a hundred times with the same spew
No, no, it was different school. Why I said I hate the flyers and you hate the leaves and this and that
Saying that you know, I'd better get beaten now
From the plot from the lead your old team and the Rangers looks like they're gonna go right to the top down
Who cares you do and you know you do no, I don't I could give a craft less about the Rangers you love the Rangers
I don't like the Rangers. I don't care about the Rangers and I care about you less you love me and you let the Rangers
You
Which part of that didn't you understand
Okay, well, we'll have we'll have somebody interpret it for you
Rangers ranges
Yeah
Just tragic is beyond said it's tragic is what it is
Somebody Q a m hello hello Neil yes
What about that song uh you uh who cocky
Q a m hello
Yes, good afternoon. Good afternoon sir
Mr. Rogers yes
Such a pleasure. I like to last week good. The is then anyways
Hamburg did you get that trivia information on those twin lakes when you were talking about it last week
Oh, hi, British, Germany. Yes, sir. Yes
Often I'm a rinbittin alpha
Whatever it was yeah
Sound like Neil. I'm only just my second time. What do you mean? I don't sound like me? What are my supposed to do to make convinced you that I'm me little
Needle I know a kid up a little bit. Yeah
Uh second question sir. What's going on up in Cardsway street the Bruins of good old botstonian here. They seem to be flying
Yeah, and
What your opinions that you are a guru of hockey we don't talk talk hockey on the show call up
Alicia. Well, I need to mark when she starts we don't talk about sports on this show especially hockey it's an instant tune out
Instant tune out they already tune down
First we get the Ranger fan now we got the Bruins fan. Okay next we're gonna have least hockey
Stop and backstop on his own zone
Nobody opens so we try to step it out that will stop near the line
For a ball to come back and you spend for checking a game
Oh least in Jersey night
What do you think you're not talking to me right sure I am this is that these last two colors they want hockey talk
Oh, well, yeah, absolutely honky-tonk. I'm all sure any of marks would like that that talentless bitch
You know something nothing would surprise me
Nothing
Why do people in the Congo oh, I says what do they consider small look me on the next lab be more than happy to experience that kind of shrinkage
Says Jimmy
Yeah, we'll send you the maybe they can void you an oil Jimmy. Oh speaking of Jimmy
You only wish it can be on FM you only lasted a year on FM because you're a hack we're gonna kick your ass as Jimmy syphilis
Oh, yeah Jimmy syphilis we're gonna kick your ass go kick your own ass. Okay from what I hear would be the first time
We're gonna kick your ass
We in that interesting and this is the guy that says the dolphin games on the station
You ready for that? No
This is the guy that does the dolphin play by play in his own incompetent way on his station
And he's given a song and dance we're gonna kick your ass
We're gonna kick your ass because you're gonna be on FM spotting Nazi propaganda. Oh my god
Isn't that the same thing that footy was talking to they're gonna kick our ass
So you're asked to God's mouth
The biggest name the best talent
The show
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia and they don't come anywhere's then Neil Rogers
No, sorry. Your loan application was denied
Does this ever happen where you bank? Well, it doesn't happen at our bank because our bank is the you bank
Banks always ask you embarrassing questions, but at the Bob you bank we make it fun
You're applying for a car loan. Would your wife say that you're built like a Ford from
Viewer's saver or a stretch limo
Uh
And when you need a mortgage you'll have lots of fun with our home game ladies
Would you say your husband has big assets is behind in his payments or his deep inner rears
So visit the Bob you bank today deposit just five thousand dollars and when a grand prize chosen especially just for you
That's why the Bob you bank member at DIC
Oh
131 to 560 WQM. This has been a horrible show. Come on guys start putting some effort into a winner
That may be your greatest accomplishment of all time in all these years
Complaints and critiques and critiques and oh my god
Stop photo shows it's true as to the University's emails
And then of course on the phone and then the Ranger guy he keeps he's blocked on there, but he keeps trying to send crap through
I guess these people really think the Alzheimer's is kicked in. I know these emails like the palm of my foot. Okay each and every one of them
PJ baron again be erian by the way
He he all still trying to get through blocked blocked instantly deleted. Okay
Wouldn't waste my time wouldn't waste my breath
Looking at your swill
PJ
Maybe he's kind to PJ stock
Who's not the real stiff
Former hockey player stiff nothing out of broadcast room course every former jockey is now broadcast. You don't understand that I say
Now Victoria that's an australia, right? This isn't Victoria BC
Mm-hmm
You better know your australian geography mr. Because you sure don't I know a little
Victorian state primary school students will soon be able to take religious education classes
Which teach there is no evidence that God exists oh my god
Oh my god enough with the bubble my season the fairy tales is that what they're trying to say
Mm-hmm absolutely
The humanist society of victorious developed a curriculum for primary pupils
That the state government accreditation body says it intends to approve the Sunday age newspaper reported
Accredited volunteers will be able to teach their philosophy in the class time allotted for religious instruction the newspaper be saying
As with lessons delivered by faith groups parents will be able to request that the children do not participate
Atheist parents will be pleased to hear that humanistic courses of ethics will soon be available in some state schools
Victorian humanist society president Steven Stewart said
The society does not consider itself to be a religious organization and believes ethics have no necessary connection with religion
Humanists believe people are responsible for their own destiny and reject the notion of a supernatural force or God except the course for
That they believe in even down under
Okay, I saved this very jackass. It's either that or these calls, you know, I don't know. What do you think?
What do you think, Faso? Let's see some calls Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, how are you doing? It's afternoon. Okay. Good. Hey, how about uh you left your heart in San Francisco? Yeah
Or did you leave your back?
Ah
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Yes
Hello
I beg your pardon
I need dolphins. Oh my god. What a dumb bitch
WQ.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
Hi
And the early eighties when the pastors were
Uh a fun team do you remember? Do you recall? No, I'm not as old as you have very short-term memory loss
Back then we used to throw the rat. Oh, okay. I thought so WQ.A.M. Hello
Yeah, good Q.A.M. Hello
No
Now usually he can he can find his stupidity to one a day
But because I went the extra five that's right and I'm actually got him all whipped up. Huh? You got him all whipped up
Yeah, he's all whipped up. They're frenzy now with his newfound fame
Being the worst of the worst the worst of the misfits, okay
Always starts with the same. Oh, you know, the breath of the same stick and I'm very very ponderous and very sad
And I'm sure when they when the click sound comes he's like oh, it's squeezing
He's reaching around to find something to squeeze. I doubt that they've refined anything but nevertheless
tragic
WQ.A.M. Hello
Yes, Neil yes
Yeah, uh, why do you hate the rakers?
WQ.A.M. Hello, hey, Neil. Yes, sir
Hey, I don't mean if you call me about this, but um, I really do need a check
If you can just feed it up and
The down here
WQ.A.M. Hello, Neil the office of the sleeper team in the NFL you'll see
Yeah, go to sleep go to sleep and when you wake up it'll be hope it's a nightmare, okay? And not a real not the real thing
427 votes on fat Chris's poll pretty good considering we had like 7,000 different songs about 150 different cities
We should add of the states on it too. We should or what out of the states songs. Oh, yeah, sweet and we'll do that tomorrow
Sweet home Alabama. Yeah, Indiana wants me sure
Can you mad Chris there only one problem with that well there's only 50 states, but there are a lot of songs
As opposed to 80 billion cities and a lot of songs see what I'm saying. Mm-hmm
And of course in New York those songs about New York might be about the state
Is there any other city that's also the state? I don't know Washington
Washington DC is also a state no there's a state called Washington. Yeah, yeah, it's city called Washington
But there are two different things correct two different places nevertheless
Think about that one for tomorrow
WQ.A.M. Hello
You
Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
To say that chicken and garlic greens in the West Q.A.M. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing sir? Okay. I know that a probably were done there for me to ask that but yes
What is the reason why you took off the on your finger?
I
What what does that mean? Oh, oh he must be one of his boosters one of his boyfriend. Mm-hmm. Maybe he's sharing slutsky with him
You
Maybe he's got a root there. I'm sure
WQ.A.M. Hello
Yes
Yes speaking
What is it turn the radio off?
Yeah, you want to blow me say how?
I have you know it took me about three times because you got like motion this mount. I guess you want something that was the idea
Oh
560 505 60 pound 560 on the 18t and Verizon wireless line
WQ.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes, hey how you doing? They know okay great. How about paradise city by guns and roses
That's a city right
Hello
Q.A.M. Hello
This by the way was a Chris's idea Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah
WQ.A.M. Hello
I'm still doing okay
I will and you'll be doing not some request of a Christmas. I know WQ.A.M. Hello. Hello. It's not thread. How about manchets? Q.A.M. Hello
WQ.A.M. Hello
Hello. Yes
Um, Neil please speaking. Oh, yeah great showing you all of it
That's right he's gone in incoming back because he's a jerk. He's a jackass. He's a moron
No, he maybe going to the rangers match on Dean's go to the rangers and you know what better you than us
Good luck to you. You'll need it
Rangers that that's his mentally of his material ranges. He likes Steve Avery
Even his own teammates wanted him gone. They want him out. They don't want nothing to do with him. He's a jackass a jerk
He's trouble. He's trouble on two legs
434 votes on a poll and we got three still with no votes to live in Dianne LA, Detroit City Blues and
Puray for a hollywood all have gotten on
The big
The fourth lead
New Al Jagerie mornings five to seven sports radio five sixty Q.A.M. The sports leader buffalo blows
Inside of the bill
Who's my little candlestick my candlestick
Played a new and every night
Who used it during Hanukkah
Hanukkah is the festival of lights
And I never gonna quit to the lit
It is one that you fire up by
Celebrate it is going to you
Spin the little cradle here the time is near
Time to show up on your light
But now I let him keep the Christmas trees
You will see that they're not even half as bright
My now I never gonna quit to the lit
It is funded to fire a body celebrate and it's going to you
Oh
My my my my
My my my
Well, okay 145 at five sixty WQ and we got Tanuka and Christmas and New Year's and Boxing Day and all
of this crap
Jason who I made all those mistakes before about states that he thought were cities, you know
Now he's trying to redeem himself city with the same native name is state
Were we talking about the US?
Yeah, he says the city sale power low is the capital of the state of sale power who cares Jason?
Who cares you made a mistake
And I was trying to cover his ass you know I'm saying
Yeah, I think it was him. I don't know maybe with some other goofball
Uh here's one that says fake Tony's of Prano asks Neil
I too like the Godfather movies and enjoy your occasional commentary
Better late than never in the same genre I've been catching the sopranos on a&e and have come to enjoy the show
I'm curious as to whether you ever got in the sopranos about a bing it says no, I have not
I've played it's still on it's all over the place. Yeah, I've tried watching a couple of minutes. Yeah, what don't bother at this point
What do you mean by that? It turned out to be not so good after all
Oh, I mean it was going great there for a while then they just stopped trying well. I never saw the great part
For
443 votes on this pool which the audience worked over man just under even Kathy Willis has never been worked over like this
I don't think
What's the best song ever written about an American city not about sale power low Brazil, okay
Not about some bum fork place not about the ranges ranges ranges
That guy needs metal help. I think he might I think he'll look with Marty Stracca
Maybe he'll look with D.Fo and he's got Ranger writers Eddie Jackman come for us Lee come for us Lee Eddie Jackman
He don't even know Brad Park D.Fo
That's what he knows about ranges. He don't know if it had feel from his ass
New York, New York this little Tom blue 74
Da da da da da
I left my heart in San Francisco 35 and my butt plug
New York State of mind 26 Miami will Smith 25 that's that's disgraceful
That's even beyond an infomnia
Detroit rock city 24 V of all Las Vegas 19. I'm only going to do the ones with double digits. That'll take us till midnight
LA woman 16 city of New Orleans 16. I like that a lot
I don't like the city. I like the song fill it off your freedom 15 should be way higher than that
Well, what kind of people are we dealing with here?
Oh, that's right. I forgot the calls
Going back to Miami 14
New York New York. It's a hell of a town 13
Do you know the way to Santa was a 12 my kind of town Chicago 12
Which is hotline in 10 and Galveston's got 10 by Glenn Campbell
He's still drying out when 443. You know if we had a big push by tubby there
We might have made another 500 on this one. Oh, well
You don't you don't feel like you let us down come on make a little effort. Will you please come on people
Give us 500 next 12 minutes. Ah too late now
You're just like me. You don't want to make any effort. You want to mail it in put a big fat posted stamp on a big fat envelope and just mail the show in
And of course we're given tremendous incentive to really you know care enough to send a very best like home art not
Georgia's really bitter about it too
This
Mm-hmm. Now we're just we're just mellow. You know it's a holiday supposed to be mellow although I noticed the audience has been crazier than usual
Have a name is it just my imagination? I don't know. I'll tell anymore WQ way am hello
Wow
WQ way am hello. Wow is right. Oh hang up the more senior answer. Okay good Q.A.M. Hello
That was all as excellent. Uh-huh. Hello
Oh, it's a deal. Speaking. All I got to say is why
WQ way am hello
Q.A.M. Hello. Yeah
How about what? 30 Higgins. Q.A.M. Hello. Never heard of it. Never heard of it.
You better know your songs, Mr. Because you sure don't
WQ way am hello
Hi there fellow
Yeah, how's it going today? Very good show. Oh not him not it not it
The thing remember the thing that applied for job
Yeah, that's the thing
Not the same thing but another similar thing. Yeah, that's right. Something
WQ way am hello
I'm sick Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M. Hola
Hello
They can't even give it up Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, this is Miami Doffins. Any calls for me? No
No interest no interest boring
WQ way am hello
I'm out of control man. That's it.
Q.A.M. Hello
Hey, Neil. Come in
Listen, I have you guys got in a chance to check out the sweet
I would to call sweet home higherly on on YouTube yet
No, it's a spoof on the sweet home. No, I'm sorry. Yeah sweet home at a better. Yeah
You might want to check that out man, but listen, I want to nominate Miami by
You two the you two version of a song called Miami. I know it's too late, but
It probably would be pretty good too late. I have no problem. See
Too late
Remember that by Carol King. It's too late. Yes
WQ.A.M. Hello
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Hey listen great songs to any whirlwind but it's about a train not a city
Yeah, so your thoughts the songs are supposed to be about American cities. Yeah
What's the name of the train?
Rotter riding on the city of New Orleans the name of the train is the city of New Orleans. But why is the train named New Orleans?
Oh, oh
Oh, well you think about it a couple weeks and call us back when you finger it out
He's right. Oh, what? He's right though
Oh hang on a second
You
Red
Okay, I love that song good talk
Volvo was about a train Neil. It wasn't about a city. Yeah, it was a train. It was named after a city
Knit picker knows picker Knit picker
He's probably got his finger in there. So deep now it's coming out of his brain
Brackdom that too
So how do we finish up here
455 vote
Not too shabby like I said we'd be easy down 500 if Tubby would have been doing you know
But he's sitting there all basking in his glory the fact he's got another two weeks before before he gets a kick sedomed
Right yep
We're pretty pleased to still have you on the show. Well, thank you very much. We're very pleased to be here. Are we pleased George as punch
That's right before we all get scoot over
The biggest names the best talent. It's the big dog Joe rose weekday morning 7 to 10
sports radio 560
The sports
It's day
at 560
WQ
Here's my story
Again
Give it to every guy in town
Oh
From the spot
I end up with a euro
Always be with you
So stay away from the surface
So keep away from the
Yeah
Oh
a
Oi
Yes, Calif.
At your hold for Miami Dolphins football.
Hey, fantastic.
Bought 3D O-560 WQ-AM.
Oh, wow.
Miami.
Born a lot of day.
Pick up, yeah.
They pick a deer.
They pick a deer.
They pick up, yeah.
Pick up, pick up, pick up, pick up.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
