The biggest names, the best talent
I'm not counting the sync to sports
Radio 560 WQ AM
I AM A Ford Lauderdale
By the way, Marty and Evan are getting a light
I have no light
I have no light
I have no light
Can we know light?
Pumped it
I have no light
New York
Once there was a selector
Who was caught indulging a habit
A boot or all, not much different light
A typical New York hunter
Pants off to that heavy
We all thank you
For giving right or something
Funny to do
You're looking for guys
Who make you go by
I hope so
Larry Craig, thank you
For tapping your shoes
You're firm
You stole me's last a few days
But you have used to go away
The Republicans are crying
I really did
Hey, baby
Pants off to that heavy
We cheat the heart
We all invite you to Israel
Our Farts
Funny, you're gone right
But you will certainly go by
Larry, take a new class
When he's having issues
Welcome
I never have been gay
I never have been gay
It's up to that heavy
He wants to stay
But his own hiding wants him
You go away
You're very
Well, then it's just right
Pants, baby, you say
Hi, hi, hi, hi, hi
Larry Craig, who's ready to play for you
He wants a man to swim
And then he got a white stance
He's got a very wide stance
You know, like a baseball player
Like normal candidate, they have played
I'm sure normalist got a wide stance
Anyway, it's 1020560
WQM Happy Wednesday
El Vente de Faberro
Now that cancer is on
I'm going to start doing this show in Espanol
How did I say no
Vente yesterday for 9?
That was embarrassing
What? 99
Nobody's keeping score
Nobody's keeping score
Oh yeah, they are
It was a little habanaman
So anyway, yesterday we had that
somewhat amusing but very obviously fake
Letter from the Hollister Hudson meeting group
About inviting me to be on the gay radio network
And of course, yeah, once I got through reading it
It was so obviously fake
And is that what I said?
What you got through reading
What you started reading it, you know, this is fake
And today we get also on the same fake
Header here, Hollister Hudson meeting group
San Francisco, you've been pumped
Uh-huh, well I'd only tell it's
Is being pumped if you actually fooled anyone
Even for a second
Right, that's correct
So I hope somebody hires you up, Pally
Don't keep working for those schmucks you deserve better
Gidges up into a real radio setup somewhere
Your fan, Marty and Evan Chura
Hey Marty
Anybody would have taken a time
I mean
Two pages and there was allegedly a third
Although obviously that was part of the scam
But typewritten single spaced
80 million words
Like, and say Marty
I have no life
Get a life, get a life, get a life
You've been pumped
Typical A-hole man
Typical soft-footed A-hole
And there's so many, it's just
Amazing, shocking
A very, very good reason not to be there by now
I think this is where the factory is, isn't it?
The A-hole factory where the A-hole is produced
That is correct, they have an assembly line
It's for the rest of the world
Like, Oreo cookies, man, they just punch him up by the zidians
Nice job last night, so we'll read by the way
She's all done, she don't want to admit it
And she keeps talking
And denial is if there's no elections going on
And if there are no votes being counted
She just keeps ignoring it
And he's making all those speeches
The fact that he's a great orator and he inspires people
You see we're not supposed to pay any attention to that
Yeah, the fact that she's a shrill, hateful dick
We're supposed to ignore that, clear
She's going to want to blues in Texas and Ohio, I do believe
I mean, it could be wrong about that
I'm pretty sure about Ohio, I think she's going to get her nasty cold ass whipped big time
And she might enjoy it
Speaking of that
Before we get into the last night's election activities and other stuff
Nice going there, Marty and Adventurer
You're a fan, you're a loyal fan
When somebody says that, it's like candy baits
And there was a crazy person
Marty and Adventurer, hey Marty
Get some health, Marty!
The US Supreme Court has dealt a blow today
Tone of Beach strip clubs in the seven year legal fight
Well figures, that's America for you, oh there she is
The ice cream hundred jobs were being lost
1600 jobs, that's 1600
They need Avenue at 1600
That's how many votes you got last night, 1600
Justice is refused to request by
Lollipops gentlemen's club to review city laws
Requiring conservative bikinis for dancers
Working in clubs that serve booze
Lollipops wanted to let the women were G-strings and pasties
Oh, won't be long before Tempestor will be there
She couldn't be a day over a hundred
The high courts decision of Pell the one last year by the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals
And attorney for the city says the fight is finally over
Brett Harley, an attorney representing the strip
Club says to advise the business to complied with a lobby
Expressed hope the rules could still be reversed
A similar case in Kansas could also go to the Supreme Court
Wow!
How do you like that?
Lollipops wanted to let the women were just G-strings and pasties
Shame on you perverts man
Sounds like something sexual to me
Speaking of that, I wish I had more on the story
But I could only find this little blur on it
A Southwest Florida church issued a challenge for its married members
Hanky-Panky every day
That's what Georgia's goal is
Although this guy's suggesting with the spouse
But oh well, you can work them in too if you had time
Relevant church head pastor, oh he's the head pastor
All worth issued the 30-day sex challenge
Fuck third man!
To take on high divorce rates
And that's no different from people with 10 church works
That's Sunday, sometimes life gets in the way our jobs get in the way
He's a sex every day he says with your spouse
Or at least with some
Well somebody's, yeah that's a good idea
Maybe with Marty and Evan Tura
I have no idea
Obviously desperate
Boy that's just amazing isn't it?
What a shock!
You've been pumped!
Oh brother, it's a...
Then that's the world in which we live, you know what I'm saying
Well the space shuttle Atlanta said it's cruise street toward earth and touchdown this morning
Rapping up a 5 million mile journey to deliver a new lab to the International Space Station
Any interest?
No! Nobody care? No!
Other than Scott Miles or Brian on CNN
I wonder how Kandy Cali looks today, I can't wait to see that
Not yet
Oh there he is speaking of this year!
A dominant force!
Isn't that in the Republican part?
We look, that's rough, yeah, we're looking like Kandy Cali
The shuttle Atlanta said an astronaut
sighted at 9 or 7 this morning in NASA's
Space Port of Cape Canaveral where their families and top space program managers
eagerly awaited their arrival
They were tapping their toes and getting real nervous
Oh gee, I hope they don't crash!
I hope, yeah, there they're fair, everything's just fine
NASA wanted Atlantic back as soon as possible clear the way for the Navy to shoot down that
dying spice satellite on the verge of smashing into the earth with the
load of toxic fuel that we talked about yesterday
The missile could be launched as early as tonight from worship in the Pacific
Have no fear though that they breathe they say is going to fall into Pacific
whatever it looks, little tiny pieces, be some tiny bubbles
Here is the most exciting political news I've seen in a long time
Not just last night's results in Wisconsin and Hawaii
You know the closest that's what we came to even competing last night was very
close in Washington state in the primary election but it's a beauty contest
doesn't count, there are no delegates, there we did that in the caucus and about the
specter of the ass, whatever that was, which is it?
Barack Obama has surged past Hillary Clinton to open a big national lead in the
Democratic presidential race according to a Reuters-Oggie pull release today
Obama also leads Republican firm under John McCain and they potentialed
November election nights up off Clinton trails McCain and Hansi Obama's argument
he's the Democrat with the best shot of winning the White House
he's training old Stagie John McCain who wants to blow up the world,
100 year wars, a lot more wars and war and war and more war and
like that, crazy man. Among Republicans
McCain's got a substantial national lead over my Cuckoldbury Hound
as he takes his final steps to a clinching with nomination.
Heading into the crucial march for an ominating contest, no high on Texas
Obama's game the upper hand in a close-in fierce Democratic dual with Clinton,
how can it be fierce and close when he's just beating the crap out of her everywhere?
I mean 76 to 24% in Hawaii?
76 to 24 is bitter and close and fierce?
No little contenderies the way I call that. Bitch.
McCain broke up in Republican race and is driven out most of his leading rivals
except of course for Huckoldbury Hound. This is God, his, you know, is on his side.
Good Lord.
Oh my God.
Wow, one moment please.
Uh oh. No, this is nothing bad.
What is the postal code? You know, this kid can't remember.
That's right.
What? You know the blockberries are good for those kinds of things you put
like notes and everything in there.
Well, I mean as time goes on, you know.
That would make too much sense. Don't you understand?
Go away. Go away Paco.
Anyway, heading into the, I said, is it the poll show to Obama with a fort?
This is nationwide now. This is the new poll.
Obama with a 14 point edge over Clinton 52 to 38 after being in a statistical
foul with her last month. He is pulling away.
This is like a two horse race. One horse is secretariat.
The other one is chicken picker.
And secretariat's ahead by 20 lengths now and just pulling away like well,
chicken picker is breaking down around the final turn on his hands and knees.
Although in her case, on her hands and knees, I think would be something unusual.
Obama's new lead follows the string of ten wins in February for at least with a guy.
For the Illinois Senator who has moved ahead in the battle for pledged delegates who vote on the party's nominee in the August convention.
Obama's got the hot hand and you can clearly see his moment.
He's got the big mole baby.
The international number says John Zogmi.
Polster.
This is what happens when you win a bunch of primaries in a row or maybe this is why you win a bunch of primaries.
Roy's ten, ten in a row now.
Ten primaries in a row. She's taking a whooping of beating and she's like,
man, he's just speaking words. He's just talking about safari words and speeches.
The poll was taken last Wednesday through Saturday before weekend controversy over
Obama's incredible resection of speech.
Oh yeah, like that's going to make a big difference.
In the poll, Obama led Clinton among Democrats and Independents and all age groups except seniors.
And in all income groups except those making under 25 grand a year, Schleppers.
Homeless.
He led narrowly among whites and more widely among men.
He was tied among women with Clinton who'd be the first woman US president but won't.
Obama would be the first US black president and will was the choice of four or five black voters.
Clinton attracted two thirds of Hispanic voters who comprised of big black and Texas.
They're just slow to catch on, you know?
It's that Mexican thing, I'm sure you're going to say that.
I was not.
In the head that had match up, Obama beat McCain 47 to 40.
He led McCain among Independents and all age groups except those above 70.
And all regions but the South.
Except real old parts like McCain.
McCain beat Schleppers 50 to 38 in the head that had match up.
I didn't like that not even close.
Wooo!
McCain led Schleppers in all regions of the country among Independents and in all age groups.
So wow, at least for now these numbers suggest Obama's got the potential to be a strong,
general election, coalition, and Clinton's all be said.
It also suggested Schleppers got a lot of catching up to do.
Ain't going to happen Schleppers.
Isn't going to happen.
McCain picked up 18% of the black vote against Schleppers but only 3% against Obama.
A possible sign at least some black voters wouldn't put a sign of the allegiance to Obama if Clinton won the nomination.
There could be potentially disaffected Obama supporters will vote for Obama but not for Clinton's all be said.
But I'm even a bit of a bit of a bit about how do you like that?
What was that number of candidate and why?
52 to 38.
14% for the and pulling away.
That's the best part of the deal.
Opening up a big, a huge gigantic lead.
And all the dirty tricks and all the Clintonian crap man, all the garbage they're going to get too late.
Don't you think it's too late?
It's too late, baby.
That's what Carol King said.
It's too late to turn back now.
That's what Cornita's brothers and sister Rose.
Well what does that mean?
Cornita's brothers.
So what kind of a name is that?
I think it's a name.
And what Cornita's brothers and sister Rose?
I mean what is that?
I don't know about the sister Rose part.
Cornita's brother says like Jesus Rose on the turd day.
That's what they said.
They take a wicked dumpster.
They say we're going to tell you that right now.
Poor Jesus.
1013 at 560 WQM.
Ooh, Frosty Nath.
True Hollywood story.
Amy Lainhouse started y'all.
I'm very clear they cheated like.
To drink.
That was like rolling home drunk every night.
A daily video of Amy appeared on the internet.
The footage showed Amy a party.
Four hours.
Journalists were the only ones who took notice.
Holy crap.
I don't get that.
The eating true Hollywood story.
Oh that Amy Hora House man.
She's some talent.
Yeah.
She sounds like swirly when you come right down to a line.
Right. Right. Right. Right.
That's why they call her Winehouse.
A lot of whining.
Okay here's the pool by the way.
I'm just getting to it.
I can't believe that.
All that nationwide pool with a bomb opening up of 14.4 meters.
What's more significant than our pool maybe by a little bit?
What's your take on Castro's resignation?
That's the pool we started yesterday a little bit early because obviously everybody's
whipped up into a frenzy.
Not even in a little Havana man.
Even on a coyote.
It's like come see come saw you know.
We tried to know they spoke French there but nevertheless.
Oh they care.
Well being improvement.
It won't change a thing 476.
46.6%.
And that obviously is the right answer won't change.
Although I do like communist to communist.
I don't give a dance 349.
I don't give a dance.
That's also a correct answer.
I couldn't care less.
I mean what's the big cemist already?
You know.
Israel, Cuba, like that.
The only thing Israel is important is because the herbs and Jews keep killing each other and threatening to blow the whole world up over it because they've been doing it for 6,000 years.
No it's important.
And you know it's a habitual kind of a thing.
You know it's like picking your nose.
Like picking your nose and then shoving it on the back of the headboard.
Like I did when I was a little kid.
Oh that's the same thing.
No yeah.
Have the board.
But you have to get rid of it somewhere.
I don't.
I don't give a dance.
You have 150.
Communists are Communists are 130.
I like it.
And it's great.
67.
It's great the sunshine state.
To hell with the hell.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
67.
Only 69%.
We have a thousand 24 votes.
Our goal was a thousand so maybe we should put a new pool on there if I ever had one.
What do you think Chris?
Sure one.
Pull man.
Well what's the pool?
You tell me.
No no no.
I don't want to do no more political polls because it's all over.
It's McCain and Obama.
And of course our crowd is going to you know we can't get about how many votes you think.
About 30,000.
I get like 3000 votes.
So what will be the point right?
We'll come up with something good or maybe Marty and Evan sure my close personal friend will punk us and come up with them.
How about the best pizza in town?
Well that's right.
I'm not going to be a little bit more than you want to be.
Oh my god.
Duff was reckless again this morning.
You hear her screaming.
That funny.
It's the worst show in the history of the business.
Oh and speaking of people inside the building.
Hey jerks, we're on you baby.
We're on to you.
So he's the guy that started all this crap about torque.
It's not that his fault that he's not in the real time.
Well he was being confronted you know Tweek was getting confronted about what's going on at two o'clock.
Yeah.
And he's still a bit of heat because he's his boy.
I see.
Right?
It's our fault.
Keep throwing the third fault in the garage.
It must be the show that precedes us.
You know it's really interesting.
Over the years in this station we've had like the one that one or the show I urge you not to listen to the show that follows me.
But remember that?
The show that follows me, the show that precedes me.
Everybody's always blaming somebody here for their own inadequacies or failures.
And when your board op slash producer whatever this moron is,
kick it in there at two o'clock and get the damn show started and hit the button.
How can that possibly be anybody else's fault but him?
Well it is.
In the quizzling and cibbling and then it is.
Because we have this so different times every day.
Well just watch jerks you're uninvited.
Okay and don't ever have him on the show again.
All right.
Just tell him you're right now.
Don't invite him to come in there so he can degrade and humiliate him again.
Although okay well we'll just do it from this side.
Okay.
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama,
my handily defeated swallery and Hawaiian Wisconsin years today,
extending an unbroken streak of victories in super Tuesday
and propelling him to a what could be a final showdown in two weeks.
Boy my stomach is churning now.
Churning isn't yours churning?
No.
Your colon?
Well it was this morning you were made a mad dash down a hall.
Right.
That was a textbook excellent.
Oh good.
Anacetic.
It was the homo broken declittance based in Wisconsin studying rights and women's about women's about evenly.
You like them women's?
Yes, they're good ones.
And, when he swam to among men and African-Americans according to surveys of voters,
the exit polling.
That could boost him in Texas and Ohio.
They megastates the vote March 4th and have been seen as friendly territory,
even firewalls for swallery.
Firewalls.
In Hawaii, this is amazing.
Obama won the state's Democratic caucus in landslide capturing 76% of vote compared to swallery's 24%
3-1 baby, a little more than 3-1.
Houston, I think we've achieved lift-off here.
Obama told a cheering overflow rally in Houston.
He cautioned that there were months and miles to go.
Barry Burton, a political scientist at the University of Madison, Wisconsin, likened the state's
primary to the football competition at the Consumer Campus.
It feels like the end of the regular season in Madison.
He said they'll be moving on to the championship games in Texas and Ohio.
What a clown.
Sounds like normal camp.
After 100% of Wisconsin precincts were counted.
Obama had 58% of vote in swallery's 41.
He spanked her ugly ass man by 17 points again.
And they were saying, oh, well, if she can just keep her close, did she keep her close?
No.
She got lumped in a state where she was supposed to do so well.
While the polls show there is an applause here.
Among Republicans, John McCain carried the badger state over Arkansas governor Mike Huckleberry.
McCain also won the primary in Washington.
McCain is likely to reach the 1191 delegates needed to cleanse the GOP nomination in the contest March 4th.
A benchmark Huckleberry says McCain must reach before he'll have considering pulling it out.
Yeah, right.
Just keep banging your head against the wall.
Just like Earl, what was the guy's name?
Stassen.
Was that the guy who kept running for president all the time every four years over?
What kind of like another Ron Paul and Dennis Kassinich?
Harold Stassen, I was his name.
Over and over.
And like that libertarian guy, what was his name that was always on the ballot?
Oh, Lyndon LaRouche.
Yeah, that's one of them.
And what about Ralph Nader?
He might run again too.
I guess he'll let me know.
How many votes do you think Ralph Nader's going to get this?
Yeah, yeah.
That's the proper group of votes five times.
The Democratic delegate count remains close.
Needed contenders anywhere near the 2025 delegates needed for nomination.
74 delegates were at stake in Wisconsin.
Clinton shows no signs of giving up.
She delivered a tough speech to supporters last night in Yamstown, Ohio,
that portrayed Obama's to an experience to win the election or handle the oral office.
Only one of us is ready on day one.
There she goes again.
He's ready on day one.
You want to know why?
Because she knows where the covering and the dishes are in the White House kitchen.
That's what they know.
They've arranged everything.
Yeah.
And you know what?
If they did it with a good idea, she'd probably steal it.
Amazon.com is buzzing me.
Get lost.
Okay?
Go away.
I like them though, but go away.
Don't bother me.
Don't buzz on my Blackberry.
Okay?
Unless it's something personal and emergency like the end of the world.
Leave me alone.
Unless you want it.
In the USA today, OpEd today, Obama promises to pursue a meaningful agreement and good faith
that results in real spending limits.
He details a series of conditions likely to make an accord hard to reach.
However, perhaps even including limits on what McCain could spend when the Republican nomination races
settle and the Democratic one continues.
Democrats held caucuses in Hawaii where 20 delegates were at stake.
In Washington state, where most of the voting was done by mail, 19 delegates were at stake
in the Republican primary.
But a repeat bit of boop bit of all.
There you go.
So that's it.
He continues wiping the floor with her ugly, hard, isolated and ass.
Soory.
God, who are you kidding?
Like I said, it's like an entitlement thing.
Oh, well, you know, she's Hillary Clinton.
She's supposed to be the president based on what?
Based on what?
Based on the great job she did on health care back when Bubba was running the country and she was like, you know,
had the spies checking out who was on the floor and checking out the stains on the blood dress.
I mean, what are we talking about here?
She couldn't even keep her husband under control and she's going to control the world and all these dictators and all these terrorists and lunatics.
All of these things?
All of these things?
No chance.
In Bubba's pants.
He really helped, you know, something?
He buried her ass.
Maybe it wasn't accidental either.
Maybe he's getting even with her.
No, no.
No, no, no.
Sometimes it works out that way.
Georgia, these hostile marriages, you know?
No, I know, but I don't think she can blame him for her failings.
But maybe he's trying to let stick the final nails in the coffin, you know?
And doing a good job, too.
Keep it up, Bubba.
Keep up that angry, that red face.
You know how it gets all red in the pus?
Mm-hmm.
Whatever happened to Linda Trip, by the way.
And what was that named Lucian Goldberg, that bitch that was taping Monica Winski, remember that?
That old, hateful bitch Lucian Goldberg.
Oh, there's your president.
It's now time for the really elected folks.
Folks, here we go again with those folks.
The folks that dropped these bombs, the folks that they're hijacked these planes.
You'll find his name.
The thing is, she don't know his name.
She's not hijacked.
Georgia, you're 5.62 AM.
The sports leader.
You want to see me, Clarence?
Yes, Jack.
I'll be sit down on that chair.
Who?
Sit down.
In that chair.
We'll stretch.
Check this out.
Mm-hmm.
Wow.
Book Wild, baby.
Very rocky heart.
Well, I have a tear of my nylon butt.
Am I not wicked sexy?
Well, not into that sort of thing, but the wig might help.
Oh!
Why are you doing this to me panty, boys?
Oh!
You!
We're on another show talking on the air about subjects unrelated to sports.
Subjects such as, ooey-doey-women.
Well, yeah.
Oh!
We're all wrong.
Well, yeah.
You'll agree to adhering to our strict demands of sports gainus.
Oh!
And you!
We'll continue to do so.
Oh!
Now, say it.
Pee!
Oh!
Say it!
Pee!
Pee!
Pee!
Say what he says there.
Remember what psychotic sport halls always say.
Bring out the gainus.
And bring out the best boy!
1032 and 560 WQM.
Let's take a look at that award-winning schedule on QM.
We got the jerk show with twerk twirping and tweaking it.
Mad Dog 4 to 7.
Then we got the, what does that say?
Oh, and Curtis at the UM rally in the Ratskuller.
What are they rallying about?
Uh, Duke game tonight.
Well, did they play it yet?
No, they've been playing it tonight at 9.
Yeah, so what do we have a rally for?
To get people pumped up ready to go?
For the lost?
Hey.
Like those Panthers, they blew a 2-0 lead in the third period last night in Pittsburgh and lost 3-2.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Wow.
Dolphins All Access is going to be a 7-830 with John Linder and Troy Dreyton, great mirror cook.
Then Hurricane's warm-up A39 and our program director gets to put his squeaky local cords to work with Joe's a gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack gack g
Well, if you didn't delete it, what then it's still there. Oh, you want to know what the time is to make it. Yeah, it doesn't. It doesn't make any difference. No. You know what the email said? I give up. Oh, yeah, yeah, that that that I'm gonna go answer some emails now speaking of that. I didn't say who was from I just said, you know, don't start playing this again that you like to play. You know, I just what game I did the same thing that I said to you before the show. I just want to be left out. You want to be left alone like what was it? Greta? Who was it?
Yes, I just want to be left alone. I want to be alone. No, it was not pretty. It was some old dead actress. Greg Reed. I doubt it. A small Miami investment fund that rises and falls in counterstep to the parents strength of the El Castro's health rose 17% yesterday. I'll buy. Well, when he croaks, some people are going to really be rich. Well, shares of the Hertzfeld Caribbean Basin fund was trades on the NASDAQ and the typical ticker symbol Cuba. CUBBA.
Closed at $8.70 of a book 26 after Cuba's aging leader declared the end of his presidency. Repair!
It's my birthday and cash was given me a birthday present said Thomas De Hertzfeld investment advisor created the closed in fund 1993 and
anticipation of the day political change opened Cuba to investment. I think I'm gonna choke to the, I could drink some of my soda, but that wouldn't be any fun.
To be sure Cuba's business climate is unlikely to change in the near term, but that isn't stopping stock investors from hunting for waste such as Hertzfeld's fund to bet on the album's future after Castro. The hotel is here. That'd be really wonderful.
The casino's here. I think we got to dig up Hyman Roth and bring his ass back.
Yeah, you got to get it right. If I do that, I'll blow some out a little bit myself. The fund which has assets of about $30 million.
As long invested in solid companies with Caribbean operations that are doing well, but should eventually benefit from an opening of trade with Cuba.
That is traditionally included companies such as Cardoval and World Caribbean cruise lines. Yesterday, for example, UBS stock endless Robin Farley said the possibility of
opening to American tourism as a significant opportunity for cruise operators. UBS, now you know what's interesting? Remember the network in the network? Yeah, UBS. Remember that? I do all the time. I felt like some people though. What do you mean by that? Some people in the building.
Yes.
As for the cashers and draws closer, Hertzfeld's been, I wonder if he's kind to a pershrailed.
You're diversifying into stocks that aren't necessarily doing great now, but you'd benefit if Cuba opens up. One example, Fuego Entertainment.
The Immiglaced companies involved in making and marketing music and other entertainment, Fuego.
Hertzfeld has also been talked with South Florida businesses about joint ventures to make investments in a free Cuba joint ventures like in Jamaica.
As opposed to the current investment in the US, the government has a fixed number of shares as a result of the demand that the fund can trade above or below its net asset value, the NAV.
Then all here we go with all that.
Rick Rony would be so proud. Well, fair value. Yeah, man. It's a plus seven today.
Well, now what is he doing? Do we ever figure out what he's doing, which is not radio?
No, I should have asked that. That should be a statement. We have a regular update.
Is he still doing this? Oh, look at that. Down 23. What are we doing with the streaming there? Chris.
Christina. Well, here's how this up. Well, guess what? It's down. Oh, Texas is down 24 dropouts. Eric and the other one is fine.
I had no draft files in California server, but in Texas, they got real problems, man. A lot of dropouts in Texas. 24.
Those are the votes. What are we going to get? 24. See, if I get the engineering staff on top of it, pronto.
Okay, got it. Got it. In early 2007, the fund was training it about twice its NAV,
Hertzfeld said, but as the year wore on and Kastra hung on, the share price plunged,
even though its investments were doing well. So I'm going to woodbine you plung your guts out.
As Kastra started going on TV with Hugo Chavez, people realized he wasn't dead and our stock price
declined Hertzfeld said the fund price died 42% last year, even though its net asset value rose 19%.
With the big jump yesterday, the fund trades at about 7% above its NAV, which has fallen roughly 2% so far this year,
far less than the Dow Jones industrial average. We beat the market last year or beating it so far this year.
Hertzfeld said, well, goody goody gum drop. Good for you. In other words, congratulations. Get a life.
I have no life. Like that Marty and Evan Chura. You've been, I think he said you've been jacked,
is that what he said? Yeah, I'd love to have that job. What's that? Whatever job Marty has,
he's got all that time. All that free time. Yeah. I have no life. To write a bunch of
a crap and write isn't funny, isn't amusing. I don't wish I was that bored. I wish I had something
else to do besides what, but obviously he has nothing to do. We got a thousand sixty votes on
the floor. Our goal today is 1200. I just made that up. Okay. How are we? Well, why not? We can do 1200.
So we're back up there on the server in Texas, but we had 26 dropouts. Oh boy. That's bad.
Isn't it bad? Yeah. What? That's not so bad. It is bad. 26 dropouts. There's some people out there
in a frenzy, try to listen online. See? That's important to show. We still a lot of people.
I don't like me. And you sure? It doesn't point. Even Chris with his
paul free wages that he's making there. I don't have it any dropouts. You want to bet?
A lot of people you know, it surprised me dropouts. A lot of people are going to come and see you
this Friday, which you refuse to mention on here. It's already Wednesday. I told them again this
morning. Get me something that we can read. Yeah. Why? Like what? Like where we're going to be
because they put it in the book. Would you tell that to your group post-friend, Flea? I did, and he
said he's going to talk to Steve Slow and get something for him. Yeah. And between the two of them,
the blind leading the blind baby. And I told them. Like that. Where we're going to be,
what the deal is. It's only two days away. Why should we want to let people know?
Right. There's always some kind of a weekend event that's going on. That's why they have us
there on Friday. That's right. Well, maybe next time we're doing a Gulf Stream.
It's one of the things that we can do. What special people can do in a regular job.
And I can pick some more winners at Gulf Stream this Friday. Flea. That's what I would do if I
would say my go to the door and I'd flee fast. 20 to 11 at 5.60 W. King. Guess who was just in my house
two days ago and did a phenomenal job. Like they've been doing for, oh, I know, 100 years. I'll try to do my
management. Oh, sorry. No, that was a couple weeks ago. Okay. Oh god, Neil.
What are you doing here? I just came in the little visit. How? I'm only
thinking in the shower. Why are you taking off your clothes? I ain't never seen psycho.
Yeah, but he had his clothes on. Well, for your information, it helps me feel close to the
nature. It's that joyous point in at me. That's right. And I'm in a very bad mood.
You like that? I please want to.
Would you mind removing your foot from my ears? It's stuck. And. And then. We're not.
Now look at the fight Mr. Cotterson to. Now instead of just bending in this position,
you have any ideas on how we can get out of this. Let's try to move. I'll be a three-way.
Take this easy, take it easy. What's in the eye? Put this icon away.
Hey, inside of the other way. Wait, I got it. Let's find my cycle and roll like a human wheel.
Okay. Okay. Here we go.
I don't fight with. I said get that off my way.
Look at that 36 drop-offs on there on that thing. Every time I refresh it, it like goes to red,
and then it comes back to green. It's up, it's down, it's in, it's out. And especially just
forwarded to me, unsigned, you know. Yeah, of course. This is more of the same crass.
Sure. I'm an extra. I don't really care about sitting rows and crans first,
being short. I don't care about 790. Now that my close-prisle friend Joel Feinberg is not there
anymore, why should we even dignify them with a response? Right. Who cares? You know what I mean?
Who cares? What do you mean? What I mean is that most of these chronics out there,
a bunch of Yenthas, like a bunch of little silver mace. Oh, a Joyce Calvin said something terrible
about you and said, Rosencrantz, things towards birth, said that you are in a whole moe.
Whatever, you know. Who cares? Grow up already. I have no life. See, this is what happens when you
get to be a hundred years old, you go into your second childhood. And you start acting like an
overgrown child, but as soon as shining, it is beautiful, man, from inside. How about you,
if I open up the window, I tend into an icicle like a swimmery. Let me see what the temperature is,
take a puke. Minus nine, a toasty minus nine, man. I'm going to go all the way up to a steamy
minus six, which is about 25 point votes. Enough with this crap already. Okay, we're spraying,
spraying as strong, maybe, where is it? Bring Dad's got a column here, there it was,
oh by the way, don't forget twirps, twirps, twirks when you hear that sound. At the end of the
time yesterday huh? That's because we did the screw them up. Your fault.
I don't know. That's all I fault. I'm sorry.
Maureen Down says to Ketchathief, that was the Robert Wagner show to Ketchathief.
He was a band show and he was a horrible actor but he surely used to look really good.
Long time ago. Or was that Louis of Ketch before dying? Right?
He was in the original one and then what's his name was in the follow up?
What's his name? That Dylan. Oh see I always think it's Kevin Bacon.
But you're right it was Matt Dylan. But anyway Robert Wagner was in that back in the day
when he used to really look so pretty it was discussing like a girl almost.
Right? But he's a terrible actor.
Awful, wooden as wooden. That's why he was so good in the Austin Powers movies
because he didn't have to act. He just played himself. Wooden.
Maureen Down says Lenny and Squiggy were nowhere inside.
But Hillary was doing her best to come across as a LeVernin Shirley factory girl.
She headed away from Nottah Chance, Wisconsin and on to Gotta Havohio.
She was drinking red wine and tucking up the virtues of imported blue moon beer
with a slice of citrus on her plane and putting up an ad in Ohio about how she works the night shift to
just like the waitresses, hairdressers, hospital workers and other blue collar constituents
that she's hoping to attract. And she doesn't mean that being married to Bill Clinton is what keeps
her up all hours. She's talking about burning the Midnight Oil and her Senate or office.
Any minute she might break out into the Shlamilla, Slamasla, LeVernin Shirley theme.
Give us any chance we'll take it. Give us any rule we'll break it.
We're going to make our dreams come true doing it our way.
Doing it her way, Hillary Huff to report is on the plane.
If your whole candidacy is about words and you should be your own words, they should be your own.
I guess that means if your whole candidacy is anti-words you don't have to use your own words.
The Clintons are known political catburners. They pilfered Republican jewels in the 90s
and Hillary is prolonged as much as she can stuff her pantsuit in from her husband and Barack Obama.
She changed to change. She co-opted. It's time to turn the page and fire it up and ready to go.
She couldn't wait to shoplift towards yes and can from Obama's trademark yes we can,
which he appropriated from Caesar Chavez. Even though she was cagey enough to put them in separate
slogans, yes we will and Americans still have that can-do spirit. Bill Mastertheeve got in on the act
after Obama said that his election would tell the world that America's back, Bill said that Hillary's
election would tell the world that America's back. Although the only solid voting block in
Wisconsin, however he seemed to get was women over the age of 60, she did seem happy that the press
had finally, as she put it, scrutinized him. America's pretty boy was getting muddied up.
The Clinton campus spent days trying to undermine Obama's chief, as Sefah,
said the elegant language that has sparked a generational boom. We're seeing a pattern here,
here Hillary and Forcer Hard Wolfson said in a conference call we report as yesterday.
Yeah we are. She's losing and looking anywhere for anything to bruise Obama.
Obama swept a couple of distinctive rifts about words and aspirations, his supposed especially
from his failed devolved Patrick, the governor of Massachusetts, thereby violating the new card
will rule not only a politics but of life, but do anything you don't want to see on the top
favorites of YouTube. Of YouTube! He had credited Patrick in the past and Patrick had channeled
Obama when he ran for governor 06, so basically they're like two roommates sharing clothes,
or two politicians sharing a strategist. Obama's chief strategist David Asselrod worked for Patrick
in the governor's royal bid. You may know that both the ball-patric and senator Obama have
the same consultant and advisor in Hillary's toll reporters who is apparently putting words in
both of their mouths. It wasn't campaign trading is when Joe Biden absorbed Neo-Kennaxe
Welsh inflection and life experiences in 88, but it was sloppy. If you're going to be held as
a Messiah and sermonize about offering a hymn that will heal the nation you should come up with
your own lyrics. Obama is basing his campaign on his freshness and integrity and honesty, so he
shouldn't cut corners as he seems to have done with crediting Patrick and explaining the extent of
his relationship with his sleazy former fundraiser, Tony Redsco. The attribution problem might be a
small beer compared with Michelle Obama's comment on Milwaukee on Monday. For the first time in my
adult lifetime I'm really proud of my country and that's if it's because Barak is done well because
I think people are hungry for change. It's a discordant note for the stylish brainy 44-year-old
Princeton Harvard Law School of Grad, Cindy McCain showed that Republicans would jump right on that
line like that and twist into something that sounded extremist non-patriotic. Michelle made
another of those agreed pronouncements at Aralini LA before the California primary. Things have
gotten progressively worse throughout my lifetime through Democratic and Republican administrations,
it hasn't been better for regular folks. Given the way the Clintons unfairly turned the tables
rolling moments away from Hillary asking Obama, can't you control your spouse?
That's cute. That's Marine Dazhoria. She's great in print, but boy on the air she's awful.
Every time she's on one of those talking head shows like on Sunday, oh my god.
Looks like Al Franken. Al Franken here. It looks like good stuff but on the air horrible.
Al Franken. But that's the way it goes, you know, that's scared America for you.
Or Randy made number 40 by the way. On the list yesterday in talkers, she was number 40.
They should live so long. I listened to Neil and I listened and I listened and I listened and I
knew I was ready to be a Yanta. You go girl. You go. Good luck to you. Something she does.
What you take on Castro's resignation, we have a thousand eighty votes on that poll from yesterday.
Communists are communist has got 134. 12 percent. I'm not going to read the results.
And were we supposed to change the poll? I thought we were.
Once we get to 1100 votes, but we have to have a new one. I got to send a new one to Eric.
Did you already say what that was? I don't have it. Oh, well, I got it. No one got it.
What? I said, no wonder you didn't say what it was going to be. Well, what is it? I don't know.
Well, come up with one for Christ's six. What are we paying you all the big bucks for?
What do I hear? Here is a good one from Charlie B. From a, you know, I think Charlie B is pissed off now.
See what? You pissed them all off. You chased them all away. Good. Good. You're a mean man. He's another one. You know, some of these
Internet people like this David guy in my space. I find if I read it on the ear, you would plot. See what you would have a
I don't know him. He doesn't know me. I don't know anything about his life. He knows nothing about my life
Other than what he conjures up in his mind. And because I said yesterday about something about being depressed
I mean, do you know anybody who lives more than like five minutes who doesn't have periods when you're depressed
I've said the whatever something no no one is he said I'm gonna read it on the air after the top of the earth really
He sent me in my space this morning so lengthy and so he gave me a lecture about my life
And of course he would say well, I'm just trying to be helpful and supportive and screw you David get lost you schmuck
Well, still a difference between like him and Charlie B. Charlie B wants to contribute to the show in some time Charlie B
Also sends me ones like that give me instructions on my life. Oh, well stop that Charlie
That's when I started to keep to the polls well deserved that the poll is if you found a wallet with a lot of money inside including ID
What would you really do?
Pocket the money return the wallet claim I found it that way pocket the money lose the wallet
Don't bother finding the owner find the owner return everything and insist on a reward give it all back
And hope for reward, but don't push it give it all back no reward necessary
What do you think sounds great? You like it? Yes, I do
Oh look at that 47 dropouts on that the Texas and it's still down. Oh no, I'm the streaming
I'm screaming about the streaming did you speak to an engineer about it? No
Well, I asked Eric about it and he hasn't answered yet. Oh, it's back up
What do you mean? Hasn't answered it probably because he can't get your message
What else streaming would have no nothing to do with that
No, no kidding
If you look at the word puts in the dictionary a big picture of you will be sitting there right next to it
Puts hey, so famous not lump not the lung head puts
Like
Your friend Marvin ramen and I would be one day I said on here something about give you mofo your money
Yeah, and during the break Marvin said you know what that means
You're kidding what you're kidding. No, I'm not kidding one of these days. I'm gonna send him a thank you card
Because that's what all you people think that I'm just a dottering old fool who's totally out of touch
You know something there are a lot of things going on today. I'm glad I'm out of touch with
There are a lot of things I'd like to be touched and believe me they're touching back
greatest name
You
This isn't the Astada
Yeah
You could do fairly.
This is your brain.
No, no, no, no.
Any question?
It's the moment that truth.
The new series was only one rule.
The life.
You lose.
When you cheat on your wife,
if you knew,
you wouldn't get caught.
Well it's easy to say yes.
I know Hillary said that she would like to.
Do you really care about the starving children in Africa?
Get ready.
Put up a moment of truth.
African children.
Yes, and ordinary people subjected to the most extensive
light-intentioned test imaginable.
Have you ever touched a female co-worker inappropriately?
And I admit, literally for years,
I still do.
A lot of Americans are going to say good for you.
You go, girl.
And that's certainly how I feel about it.
Are you ready to face the moment of truth?
I don't have a lot of intelligence.
That's right, hon. Fox.
Yeah, you go, girl.
Either one here.
1102 at 560 WDQMIC.
George got the job done.
I score a Georgie.
Three and Steve came through.
Three and Steve's slow.
I'll find a came three.
He won't even beg in for like two days for it.
And they finally put their head together.
Singular.
What a sight.
Join George this Friday,
ten aimed at two PM at Gulf Stream Park in Casino and Halenville.
Oi.
George will be broadcasting live from the finish line Casino,
on the first floor of Gulf Stream.
Is this where we do in the last time or not?
Yes, yes indeed.
Oh, so there's going to be some machines there, huh?
Yes.
Don't plan.
I won't.
Now what did I teach you last time?
I'm especially the ones with the cards.
You said go to the second floor and play the Wheel of Fortune machine.
That's what you taught me.
Yeah.
Which I didn't do.
Come and do it.
What?
I didn't do it, but if I did.
I'm going to be punching my guts out the next Wednesday or Wednesday,
the next four and a half days,
because Paco's got that road trip to Montreal with his class.
Bus trip.
So I'm going to be really having lots of spare,
pressurized time in Rimey.
All right, no stress.
Maybe some emails though.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Coming to you're alive racing,
Samo Cassidy and Slotswild Neill teach his George the Horse-Betting ropes.
Plus get ready for the big race on Sunday, the $350,000 fountain of youth stakes.
A lot of good stuff going on at Gulf Stream, especially George being there.
Friday, 10-2, if the...
What is it?
Finish line Casino.
And we'll pick you some weeners.
Hopefully they'll pay a little bit more to these...
Close to...
You know what I'm saying?
Well, I guess maybe I did.
Pick the year.
We'll have you chalk there.
Well, it's only a four-horse race, remember?
That's the inner race.
And the two-horse man, he was like Lollie Gaggen behind the field.
Like he was another race.
And all of a sudden at the top of the stretch, he came down the inside.
Like he was shot out of a cannon and just buried the field.
And I will eventually learn all those terms, you know, thanks to you and Steve.
Like what?
Like what?
You know, the double.
I mean, I already got that down.
You know, and I got the effect down, try effect down, superfect.
I understand those a little bit, but whatever you had me do in last line,
still kind of confused me.
Well, look at this.
It says, as you know, if you remember, which I don't,
years ago I'd find Norma Kent's wallet.
And at that time I didn't know who he was and it had $600 cash in it.
I got admit, I thought about what to do, but decided to find the guy returning it.
It was a baseball card showing a parking lot.
And I saw the guy go to a car with the initials, N-E-K, on the license plate.
I asked him if he was Norm Kent and I returned to Wallet.
He couldn't believe the cash was still in it.
He gave me $100 cash reward everybody was happy.
He says, big Arnie.
You're a hell of a guy, big Arnie.
Although if I was you and I found Norma's wallet and had $600 in it,
I'd put it in my pocket fast.
Because Norma Kent lately is just, I'm a mushroom man.
I'm in the dark.
I hear nothing.
Okay, you want to hear this letter?
I got today to say email.
Nope.
Yes, of course I do.
Okay, I won't read it.
Okay, don't tease me.
Don't tease.
We're down again by the way and Tess is now.
We're finding out what this is all about.
The other one seems to be fine.
And I haven't been getting any complaints from Brandon yesterday,
who's usually my streaming spy.
I don't have anything.
But he, I don't know.
He put some crap on her last night on what is it, Aime?
And I didn't have time to reply to it or know what he was talking about.
And I didn't reply.
So maybe he's a little bit out of sorts with me.
I don't know.
Because ordinarily if the streaming is down, it's like, oh, gee, I can't hear the...
Oh, it's back up again.
It's up and down, up and down, up and down.
You know how that goes?
Yes, I do.
Dear Neil, it says, and this is a guy who's always giving me an advice on my life and
investments.
And just a yentah man, just sticking his nose in my life.
I heard a person on the show today where you were mentioning that you've been depressed
recently, et cetera, et cetera, with respect to what the hell is the matter with you old man?
Jesus, Kate Christ, you have had and continued to have the world by the party expression balls.
Christ, man, when does this emotional cripple crap not get the best of you anymore?
I don't presume to know a squad about your life and I'm not trying to tell you your business but from what I do know,
things could have been a hell of a lot worse for you.
So stopping so emotionally beaten at the very least you don't have to live in Miami anymore and that should come for something, right?
Stop with this depression already. Christ, you have a lot to be thankful for and a lot to continue the good fight for.
So suck it up. Life sucks where a freaking helmet.
And cut the crap already. There's a whole lot of relatively sane people who love you whether you realize it or not.
Hope you're okay up there. You old kuth and I for one love you regards David.
And he always uses last name too, which I won't put on the ear.
Now doesn't that seem to be like way over the line of somebody that you're communicating with on a website on my space that you don't even know what the menu is?
Push up sweetheart.
Jesus, Christ, why don't you apologize? Am I hearing it today? Yes. Am I hearing just about every day unless I'm hearing it wrong or allergy sore throat or something?
Yes. I show up here just about every day and day what I'm supposed to. Okay, David. Okay, Yanta.
Oh, but your intentions my intentions. Yeah, the best of intentions go to hell on a hand basket. Okay, a Tisket a Tasket. How's your hand basket?
God.
It's one thing when people who know you give you lectures about you should do that.
That's bad enough. That's more than bad enough.
But then when people who don't know you from Macy Pippic who have no clue, you know who you are or what your life is all about, allergy, suck it up man.
Yes, suck this. You idiot. That. No, not that. Oh, good. This.
I want to see how Eric's doing on here. We're back up on the streaming again. Good. Oh, we don't have the new poll up there though yet. Maybe he can't read it.
Did he send you a message is very the copy I got from Charlie B. There is a bad copy to begin with. He hasn't responded.
Anything? Nope. Maybe he's not there. Has he given you any response to anything? Are you there? Eric? Eric? Are you alive?
Oh, he's there. Maybe not. Maybe he's not there. And so maybe this desperate attempt of ours to change this marginal cast or pull.
Now, wouldn't you think in South Florida we got a much more gigantic response on this? But then again, you look out there in the streets of Dave County.
You know, you're not much going on right because they realize nothing is going to change. Right? Isn't that the reason?
I mean, only 75 people out of 1102 said it's great. Catchers are amazing. It's great in a sunshine state. Don't be late.
Bada bada bada bada. Oh, and a good new. Oh, and this I also got to tell you.
And what I told you about somebody calling me Saturday and then again on Sunday.
I remember that. I remember no. Sunday and then again Monday. Still.
And threatening to call me after the show yesterday. That it happened. I got up and I walked out of the studio.
It was it couldn't have possibly been more than 30 seconds after two o'clock three.
Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. And guess what happened? The phone rings. That's correct. And guess what was? Good guess. Right. Wow.
Luckily, though, he had something going on and I had something going on and though, well, maybe in a couple of months when I come back up, but let's see our grandson.
Yeah.
Their kids are married and they're having a baby and they're just coming back in two more months.
So mark it on account to remind me in two months, don't answer the phone. Just out of curiosity. Yes.
It has occurred in your life when you've called someone to hang out with them or something like that. And they responded.
I don't know, less than a suit enthusiastically, maybe more than one occasion. And you got the hint after maybe the second or third time.
After about the 20th time. Sure. And then you stopped. So you stopped. You got the hint. You stopped calling them to hang out with them. Right? Isn't that how it happened in your life?
Yeah. And everybody's like me. It didn't take 20 time. No, no. Took a couple. Maybe three. It's like, all right. I get it.
Yeah. Just wondering what are you trying to say that he did it slow? No, that he's not a normal person. Well, whoever maybe he's a crazy person.
Well, don't you remember those great hockey shows? We got to do a hockey show. Never forget that. Never do a show in Saudi Arabia. We got to do a must have all show.
We got to do a kosher food show. In all my years with this show, nothing has angered them as much. You talking about Eric Clapton's baby flying out the window?
Got people calling up all Hostel? A tenth of the hostility on the phone that would occur during those hockey shows. Really? Yeah.
Got to do a hockey show. We'll get time for our interview. We'll get to run the playing show. What are you doing? Who is this guy on the radio? He wasn't...
Really? Yeah. Over. Over. I didn't want to answer the phone.
No. No. No. It's not a charity. It grapes on a fall. That's a hockey.
Would you strip and fall?
Hey, River. No. No.
Why your window is open?
Oh, run down the hall.
But he sure gave me some good financial advice, though. I'll say that.
Why your window is open?
I'm out and tired. I feel secure.
Cause your temp will watch while you're windows open.
What biggest name does the best out?
It's not his name, Rodgers. It's 43.5.60.9.
Me. Sports. Leader.
From the son of the man who brought you the ANC Pacer, Mitt Romney will now sell you his Magic Underwear.
With the demise of his presidential bid, Mitt Romney owes a debt of thanks to his dedicated campaign staff.
Not that he had afford to pay them, he just rather do it this way.
So now for a very limited time only, Mitt Romney makes available to you his Magic Underwear.
Just tell Magic Are they?
Fick a card. Any card.
And slip it inside the Magic Underwear.
Ooh, and look, it disappears.
Just like your credibility.
You will have countless hours of fun playing with your Magic Underwear that never yellows or streaks.
Go this your chance to wear your very own pair of Magic Underwear by calling 1-800.
Where is the whole allowed to be from friends?
That's 1-800. Where does that hold those?
It's 1117-QM. I think Eric has been kidnapped.
I don't think he's there. Did he respond to you at all?
No. Have you had any input from him all morning?
I have it. No.
No. How about you?
Nope. Negative. Not there.
Because ordinarily by now he would have this under two shakes of...
...truly local and national sports celebrities and sports video vibes.
We still got the damn Marquastro Pupp.
15th annual Make a Wish Ultimate Sports Option on Tuesday, March 11th at the Broward County Convention Center.
QAM will be there broadcasting live.
And we invite you to help us raise money for children in Sound Florida who have life threatening medical conditions.
You can bid on awesome one-of-a-kind silent and live auction items.
And see the celebrities as they auction the items for the highest bidder.
For tickets and information called Make a Wish at 954-967 Wish, tickets are limited.
That number again is 954-967-9474.
Meet some extra cash. Don't give me $200 plus lower your current auto loan rate at the 5%.
Refinance your new or used auto loan with tropical financial.
But hurry, this is a limited time offer to apply for a list of their convenient locations throughout the entire life.
A number of normal life and magnified times of events.
That's right. Yeah. I don't have to talk about any of these things right here.
If I don't want to, I could just say, I don't want to. But I want to.
Why not?
Right. It's better than talking about the radio gossip about Sid Rosenstein's short story.
Oh, oh, oh.
All this other silly childish background.
Or, oh my God.
Back in the day, man, you have no idea what it used to be, way before even, way before I would be.
And we got plenty of it there too if you recall.
I hear the holdovers. They still keep trying to do that crap. They still call it.
Back in the day, way back when back when we had GBS and INZ and IOD and who was the other one.
There were four of us.
Four, oh, and the light bulb.
Four talk stations.
And the old parts were, oh, if you couldn't hear what Steve Cain just said about you.
If you could hear what Larry can, the college is called a Larry and said that you're a Schmendrick.
I mean, just get up, grow up already.
Okay, when you get to a certain point in life, at least act over 10, you know.
When you have to be 90, act at least 15 or 16.
How are they?
They don't. They act like overgrown children.
Da, da, da, da, da.
Tommy said you would do a spag.
You know like that.
A cluster of cramped cubicles tucked away in the rear corner of Senator Barack Obama's campaign headquarters in Chicago.
Services the heart of a fundraising machine that has reshaped the calculus of the 2000 election.
Obama's finance director, Juliana Smut, who has helped him raise more than $150 million so far, doesn't even have her own orifice.
It's tough to go through life when you don't have your own orifice.
No, you're somebody else's.
A ping pong table is the gathering spot for Friday lunches for her team.
The setting which has the feel of an internet startup is emblematic of how Obama, of Illinois, has been able to raise so much money.
On Wednesday, today, the Obama campaign will report to the FEC that collected $36 million in January, $4 million more than campaign officials had previously estimated,
and unprecedented feed for a single month in American politics that was powered overwhelmingly by small online donations.
Now let me say again if you missed the ear if you tune in late, the latest national poll he's 14 points ahead of Swilery, 52-38.
He is kickin' her NASDS.
That worked the 13 and a half million in January that Senator Swilery has expected the report today, and the troubling in the John McCain's campaign said he brought in for the month.
Obama's startling success, however, is also now put him on the spot, tempting him to back away from indications he gave last year, that he would agree to accept public financing in the general election of the Republican nominee to the same.
The hesitation is given McCain a present of Republican nominee whose advantage is conceived he would most likely fall far short of Obama's fundraising for the general election, fodder for a series of attacks for your fodder.
This type of backpettling in Waffling isn't what inspired millions of people to invest in Senator Obama's count as he said, Jill Hazelmaker, he spoke to him in a former can.
Under rules of public financing, a candidate has access to $85 million from taxpayer finance fund for the general election, a substantial amount to spend for the Waffling two months after this year's conventions, but this election cycle is shattered fund raising and spending records and upended expectations.
The details of Obama's January fund raising illustrate just how much his campaign has been able to chart a new path for the presidential race he brought in $28 million online, with 90% of those transactions coming from people who don't need a hundred bucks or less, and 40% from donors who gave 20% of the money.
$25 or less suggesting that these contributions could be tapped for more, these contributors.
Donors are limited to giving $23 million per candidate during the primary season, or than 200,000 of the campaigns nearly 300,000 donors in January were first time givers to Obama.
The campaign's success over the unit is freed Obama from having to take valuable time off for the trail for fundraising events for major donors, just $4 million in January came from traditional fundraisers.
We know we don't have to get them in front of as many major donors now, smooth said. Maybe it's a smooth point.
Obama's done just a few traditional fundraisers in January, none in February, in contrast to the Clinton campaign, which is the keeping of a steady diet of fundraisers, with either Clinton or Bubba.
Clinton's operations also been pushing to improve its efforts online, with their campaign saying Tuesday that it brought in $15 million over the events in February, with donations jumping after news broke that she had lent $5 million to her own campaign.
Obama's January surged surprise to even members of his finance team. When Megan Burtick, who works on Obama's online fundraising efforts with Joe Rosperer's, a campaigns director of new media, grew up with set of projections in December, she came up with three possibilities for January in the event that Obama won Iowa, finished second or third with a victory expected draw, $10 million in bucks over the internet.
At the center of the Obama campaigns online effort is an email list, which now numbers in a millions, but started out with fewer than 50,000, called mostly from Obama's run for the Senate.
That list grew as Obama's many rallies, drew thousands of people or attendees gave their email addresses to the campaign, as well as other initiatives to draw more people on the campaign's rubber.
Let's get out of David's email address so he can spend more time doing something constructive and donate some money to the candidate of his choice as opposed to write me life advice.
They're Neil, grow up old man, butch up old man, get a hold of yourself old man.
Hey David, Kushmer and Tulsa is okay.
Getting a hold of yourself will not be a bad idea.
Yeah, in fact we've find it.
Far from my mind these days, the farthest thing I know that's bad yet is.
But stamping small money donors can be a balancing act that says campaign officials say they believe they've gotten better at calibrating efforts to make sales pitches for cash,
but also trying to encourage people to participate in other ways.
As a result of his name, the message and support is to write letters to super delegates, making their case for Obama.
Yamana.
The campaigns online donors have also come to form the backbone of its faulty grassroots operation across the country,
with information about new donors quickly transmitted to organizers on the ground of a list for phone banks and other volunteer efforts.
We want to make sure that the experience people have with us is not solely about money, said David Poof, Obama's campaign manager.
If you had any idea how aggravated your friend has gotten me, I just can't even begin to have an idea.
After Obama's victory in Iowa, the campaign didn't notice he had an idea or not.
You're just not telling the right things.
That's always my fault.
After Obama's victory in Iowa, the campaign collected $2.8 million online, but it was the two days after his stunning loss in New Hampshire,
that campaign officials point to us when they began to realize they win for an extraordinary month.
The evening of the primary Obama's finance staff settled into what's the results from the cubicles,
when the television networks called for the race for Clinton and their spirit's sag.
But Bertik was staring at her laptop, watching a graph showing how much money was pouring into the Obama campaign over the internet,
with the minutes it was shooting upward.
This is crazy, Bertik, said calling over to Tuber, colleagues sitting near him, was shooting upward, even Peter Northwood have been jealous.
Within three hours, the campaign declared a half a million dollars, and the morning when Bertik checked again,
they'd raised 750,000 over the course of two days of Obama collected $4.4 million online.
The campaign sent out an email message from Obama to donors the morning after they knew Hampshire defeat.
I know you just made a donation, but we're about to end the most successful period of the campaign.
He said, signing his name at the end, thank you, Barack.
And Birmingham, Alabama, Matthew Lane, 38 logged into his email, received that message, although he earned less than 20 grand a year as a storyteller in public libraries and a freelance writer,
he decided to give 25 bucks on time, but a few small kind of decisions made dating back to March 2007.
The campaign's been so incredibly grassroots, it sort of does feel like you're making a difference, Lane said, even in giving small increments like that.
And this month after the February 5 primary, he decided to put another 25 bucks in the pot.
And George said he'd spend 25 bucks if there was pot in the pot.
That's right, so let's see how we're doing with Eric, is he there or what?
Still hasn't answered?
No, no new poll up there. I don't know what's going on, Eric. Maybe he owed OD on ding dong or something.
Or maybe OD on his ding dong. I don't know what's going on.
Do you have any idea? Nope, not a good sign.
We have 61 dropouts, but that thing is kind of like straight itself out, hasn't it?
So sorry.
Haven't any dropouts in a little while, except for Tweek and his amensor there, by the way.
Oh, it wasn't Tweek's problem, it wasn't his fault. It said, show before us, the show that precedes us, they just can't, don't know how to end the show.
Oh my god, I have two words for jerks, you know what they are? Nope. Your mama.
First of all, I want you to answer that.
That's the story of your five. Your mama, just...
Fourths leader.
Good job.
Hi! My weight is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
Hi! My waist is...
My waist is...
My waist is...
You're working inside.
Hi kids.
You like fries, they?
Yeah, yeah!
I'm working in chocolate clairs, they're my throat till I am sick.
Upon my arteries, it turned into a bad kids.
Grinch didn't get beefed up for midlife crisis.
Now I'm dead weight from all the junk that I ate, but I can't figure out what icing I want on my cake.
And Dr. Draise said...
It's a slim class, show your death, son.
How you're waist spread and just taste.
My weight is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
How any...
My waist is...
My waist is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
And...
It's all up to 31, yeah, I'm a fat, I'll tell you that right now.
Are you there?
I'm right here, but...
I don't think you're paying any attention, we got some exciting news now.
Or am I all long locked and loaded?
Loaded for what?
Paracuse there and we got the new pole there, I don't know.
I knew that!
We hashed all that after in the break.
What do we do by that?
Well, it didn't happen automatically.
Did some hash during the break?
Yeah, and it's great.
Oh my god.
That's why I didn't respond, I had a mouthful of smoke.
Two votes on the new pole on that one about finding a wallet.
And I was honest about it, I said I would take the money and I would shimmy it in the wallet.
I mean, if there was a lot of money in there, you know.
It was like 40 bucks or something, and somebody's ID and driver's license and stuff like that.
I'd probably like...
I voted for what I have done on a couple of occasions.
Really?
That's gave it all back.
So in other words, you and I had the only ones that voted on the new pole after I went through all this big cemist?
I mean, I just know voted, so there's three on the new.
Oh, we got three votes on the new pole after I went through this turning etiquette for to give it on there.
Give it all back, hope, for a revert.
How about doing this?
If you found Fidel Castro's wallet, where was he sitting?
Back home.
We took the pole once before we know these armored car people.
They find the armored car sack of money or they find money in a brown paper bag.
If I found that, it would be Mario and I wouldn't tell anybody.
But if I found a wallet...
I didn't even vote it.
And I have a couple times, I'll return it all.
The only money I ever found was that to remember I told you that story a million times about that...
Right.
A episode on Miami Beach when I was working a K-800 years ago and I had...
It was a Sunday and the ATM at FagShift Bank there on Washington Avenue...
It was out of order.
The ATM certainly couldn't get no money out of my account.
And I had no cash.
I don't know, maybe a buck.
And I found...
How much was it that I found?
I think ten bucks.
Two fives or something like that.
Maybe twenty bucks.
On the curb.
On the curb, two bills.
Hey.
Yeah, well, one of the odds of that, I find...
You know, sometimes you'll find change, you'll find a couple of quarters.
But to find a couple of bills on the...
It was like an act of God.
Damn God!
Woo!
And maybe that old guy, if we open the phone up, that old guy would come...
Oh, I'm the hotel pharmacy guy from Miami Beach.
Oh yeah.
Everybody is the...
The something guy.
The something guy.
The something guy.
Am I right?
They are.
They love the...
Quarter Shant Guy and the...
The former hotel pharmacy guy.
What do I ever do to you guy?
Yeah.
Oh boy, you oughta get a guy guy.
And we've got to resumble that other pool.
What's your take on Castro's resignation?
1131 vote.
It won't change a thing 516.
By the way, if you value your lives, don't ever drive in Toronto.
That's just...
If you ever come here, don't ever drive.
Don't rent a car.
Take a cab.
All right.
Oh, and that's the big new flap here, if you put it in expression.
The Indian cab drivers...
Want to be able to ride motorcycles without a helmet.
They've got, you know, their schmott down their head, the Hindus.
Turbans?
Isn't it the Hindus or is that the Muslims?
It's some of each.
Yeah, whatever.
Whatever do you do with those turbans, it's the Sikhs.
Oh, the Sikhs?
Oh, well.
They seek to change the law.
They don't want to have to wear a helmet like everybody else.
They want to wear them.
And just like the...
The Muslims want to send their girls to class with a berk on.
Right.
What's your take on Castro's resignation?
It won't change a thing 516.
I don't give a damn 397.
Come and east to come and east to I love it 141.
All right.
Come and east to come and east to.
Right.
And it's great 77.
Well, you know, it's our audience.
If you took the same poll on Radio Mambe, oh my god, it would go nuts, no doubt.
Although in the streets they're not there.
Not too much of that is what my reports be.
Through all of a sudden we got a whole bunch of votes under.
See, I chewed them out.
Well, they didn't know I cut them off guard.
Right.
They felt the same boring Castro poll was up there.
We don't give a damn about Fidel.
I know that bothers a lot of you folks out there.
Just like I don't give a damn about the...
How's Ariel Shurondo?
You notice we stopped hearing about him?
Didn't he die?
No, he did officially.
I don't know.
Get out of here.
I'd love to.
Ariel Shurondo is dead?
I don't know.
I thought he died.
I'll have to look at that.
With a puppet like that, my god.
They just have to insert a feeding...
YOU!
Stick it in this puppet man.
Enough to feed the Chinese army for 100 years.
Look at that.
Japanese outrage over rape case.
They all hold them up sides.
Out USA.
They hate us all over the world like poison.
So don't go to Amsterdam plus the fact they're closing the horse shops in there.
Let that stare ahead that they are so depressing.
Nothing I need to go with here.
There's lots of other exciting places in the world to go.
But it's just...
Why?
Well, what's the point?
You know, what is...
He's still alive, by the way.
But, you know...
I told you he's still alive.
Is that what you said?
Yeah.
He drank five shots.
And he's still alive.
Five shots and managed shepherds.
42 votes on there.
Okay, here we go.
If you find a wallet with a lot of money, including...
Including ID, what would you really do?
Honest.
Give it all back.
Hope for a reward.
But don't push it.
12.
Pocket the money.
We turned the wall.
Claim my fountain that way.
12.
Give it all back.
No reward necessary.
9.
Pocket the money.
Lose the wallet.
Toss the wallet.
And don't bother finding the owner.
9.
That's what I voted.
If there's a lot of money.
I mean, if there's like hundreds of dollars in there, you know...
What are the odds?
It's going to be some schlepper, right?
Right.
And find the owner, return everything, and insist on a reward none.
Well, yeah, that's tacky.
Even our crowd.
And we'll get some votes.
Not yet, though.
49.
There will be a couple of people honest enough for them with that.
And insist on a reward.
I find your wallet and I got all your stuff.
I want $100.
Yeah, but there was only $30 bucks in it.
I want $100.
I want $500.
Like that.
That's probably what they would do, you know?
Oh, poor Lionel Tate, he's got issues, man.
He pleads no contest to peace or hold up.
Yeah.
Lionel Tate, who's nine-year history in the Broward Court system,
is around worldwide attention.
We solved his latest legal case on Tuesday when he pleaded no contest to armed robbery.
And the 2005 hold-up of a pizza delivery man.
Don't be lifted, no pizza.
Right.
That story, by itself, is worth...
You know, a chapter in a book.
The pizza theft.
That was after the holy hurricane.
Great.
What are you going to write that book?
Not.
You want to know why I'm not?
I don't want it.
Right.
I don't want it.
Why don't you write a response to David and a nice email he sent you about your life?
I don't want it.
The drop-in that you play, that was the exact one to play.
Boy, does he have a lot of questions about?
Yeah.
Like, you know, I mean, sometimes I'll try to write something up with things...
Some of these people on their 30 press stories got problems or whatever.
I don't know them, but I'll try to send you know, like an inspirational message.
But I don't like interfering their lives and tell them what the hell is wrong with you.
Why don't you grab yourself by the bootstraps and put your life up.
You punk you.
You're going to like a man.
Yeah.
Right.
What about it with you?
Don't bother me anymore, David, because if you do, I'm just going to, I'm just going to delete him.
You know, I'm blocking him.
I don't do that unless there's usually a really good reason.
But it's just annoying that the people want to tell you how to live your life.
But what does he know about my life?
Nothing.
And like you said, it's a radio show.
This isn't true confessions or something like that.
It's a freaking radio show.
Tate, now 20-21, was on probation for the 99th of a six-year-old playmate when the robbery occurred.
He's already serving 30 years...
I'm prison for violating his probation.
And he negotiated, sent, and so served 10 years through the robbery while serving the time for violating his probation.
According to the FDC, Florida Department of Corrections, he scheduled a release from prison in 2031.
I'll be long, long gone by then.
I'll be warm food by then, 2031.
That's 20-23 years.
And now maybe not.
What would I be in 2031?
That's 20-23 years.
I'd be 88.
I'm going to make it to 90, just like mom.
You're going to make it to 100 to 100.
No, I'm not.
Tell her you.
I'm not going to make it to 60-60.
If I keep getting emails like that from Dave Hunter at work.
Dressed in black pants and a beige and gray shirt,
Tate seemed to relax in the courtroom,
polite to answer your judges' question.
I'm alright.
He told reporters it's a BSO character that he's escorted him through a hallway later.
I'm alright.
Like Jesus, he's doing alright.
Mr. Tate's been around a long time.
His name's been around a long time since Chief Assistant State Attorney Chuck Morton.
He finally put it into his case.
It's really tragic that his life has taken this course.
I don't feel good about that at all, but nevertheless, justice is served.
Dinner's not served because he stole a piece of it, but justice is served.
And it goes on.
No, we know about all these.
He's got issues and he's got some problems.
Multi-problem.
Crazy people with guns, you know, I was out sick that one day.
I didn't have a chance to talk about it.
That was there to say.
Crazy people with guns.
And that's another lockdown in some Kentucky high school today.
I don't think anybody was an accident, but nobody got hurt.
Every day now we have more stories,
and is anybody up in our other politicians talking about it?
Any of them?
No, no, God forbid.
We don't want to piss off the NRA, baby.
That's the last thing we want to do.
How's it going?
The biggest name.
The best talent for his new largest sport,
and the 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
New York.
Once there was a sanitary,
who was caught indulging a habit.
You're fairing.
A book of wrong, not much different like a typical Miyokan baguette.
Hands up to the river.
We all thank you.
For giving writers something funny to do.
You're looking for guys who make you go high high high high high.
Very cracked, I do.
Or tapping your shoe.
You still reach last a few days.
But you have used to go away.
The republicans are bright, are really dead.
Hey baby, hands up to anatomy.
With Cheek Up Dog.
We all invite you to this hell of fog.
The Miyokan ride.
Like you will certainly know that.
Love is taking no crap when it happens in shoes.
That's what that's what that's called.
Game, game, game.
I never have been games.
Game, game, game.
I never have been games.
Hands up to the river.
He wants to stay.
But he's on party once again.
To go away.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, they're just right.
You just say.
Very cracked, very cracked.
They're just right.
Oh.
And then he got what he'll do.
You're fair.
Okay, it's 1147.
13, the new and his five, 60 WDQAN.
Don't forget jerks into a clock this afternoon, living up to his name.
It's just what you heard about in the rumor mail.
I'm sure it's true.
Him throwing us collectively under the bus.
Well, guess what jerks?
That's for you, okay?
And the heat's off.
You're right about that.
And he's gone.
So there you go.
I mean, is that it?
What's going to happen when the NBA season's over?
Is that a trick question?
A trick?
That'll be a dolphin's training camp.
Well, no, but I mean, what's he going to talk about?
He's going to do with the dolphins.
What about the Marlins?
We love the Marlins.
I'd go, let's stadium where nobody's going to go.
Nobody wants to go there.
Nevertheless, let's waste millions of dollars, okay?
I know that the infrastructure of Dave County doesn't need any help.
I'm sure that the roads are squeaky clean and the bridges and all of these things, right?
Oh, they're wonderful.
I mean, why would we want to spend millions of dollars on those kinds of things that benefit everybody who lives in a county and lives in South Florida?
And it has to slip through Dave County.
Well, we want to do that.
Well, we can pee it down.
They toil it on a stadium for a team that nobody cares about.
Nobody wants to go over the games anyway.
Why not do that?
I'm sure Norma can't spray please that they're going to build a stadium.
He'll slip 100 miles to go over the game, especially if he can get the tickets into that deal that allegedly he's working on.
But I hear nothing because I'm like a mushroom.
I'm in the dark.
And you're probably thinking, well, why don't you call up?
I know.
No.
You want to know why?
No, I don't want it.
I wasn't ready to do that at all.
That's right.
I mean, enough calls already.
If something materializes fine, if not, I'll just call up that guy David over there and say,
Petersburg, wherever he's hanging it out.
And I'll kill myself like he's on the phone.
I'll have a river call me and I'll kill myself while the phone is ringing.
Oh, God.
It's just mind-boggling.
Just go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
Okay, you know, there are people who are...
I don't know how to put this.
There are people who are part of your...
Well, I probably shouldn't say this because somebody will get their wrong impression.
Mm-hmm.
Well, no, somebody an old friend of mine from Kalamazoo, and I've been corresponding on Hottmail for a few weeks.
Right.
If I could call the show one day before he started the emailing.
But anyway, so I never finished up.
In others, I never got caught up with a last-minute.
I haven't responded in, I don't know, many days.
I don't want him if he listens to this or is listening online to think I'm talking about him.
But there are some people who are like a part of your life in another era.
You know what I mean by that?
Right.
Different chapter of your life.
That's right.
Like when I was down there, and when Rimmer was working for the Panthers, that was...
And when he was a foisty, most horrible hockey show's on us.
Mm-hmm.
Got into a hockey show, a hockey show.
Just remember one thing.
Okay, and I've told you this many, many times.
Yeah.
This is the motto of South Florida, and the people who wind up there.
It's not important in life that you succeed, but that your friends fail.
Right.
Just keep that in mind.
Oh yeah.
I feel it.
Keep it.
Thanks.
Squeeze it.
Okay, I better get back to my stuff here, my pod.
You know, or we could take some calls.
No, ma'am.
Maybe David will call in from St. Pete and give me another lecture on the...
Oh, what's up, old man?
And...
Do I sound depressed today?
I'm doing pretty damn good.
I'm having a fine day.
I had numerous messages from Paco today who actually made it to school and took his exam.
Made it to the...
He's a zit doctor.
Mm-hmm.
And only had a wait an hour to find a get in and doing discreet.
I'm feeling good.
Yeah, I am.
Me too.
I mean, don't you have good days and bad days like any other evening?
You know what?
It's my cause.
We have our ups, we have our downs, we have our ends, we have our...
It's called human, baby.
It's called human, David.
The golden culture right over there.
Wherever you're sorry, ass is hanging out.
Oh, brother, you talk about somebody trying to inject themselves into your life.
That's what frosts my ass.
Listen to the show, David, if you want it, if not, bye-bye.
Well, whatever you're doing, the price is right.
It costs you nothing.
Doug Thompson's got a column on Capitol Hill Blue George's favorite website.
Can Clinton pull out of this nose-dive?
Question mark.
What do you think?
No.
With 10 straight losses and the latest trouncing in Wisconsin in Hawaii,
how do we write him Clinton's nose-dive campaign?
And nose-diving campaign is spiraling downward toward political oblivion?
At Clinton's National Campaign headquarters in Arlington, Virginia,
senior eights screened and shouted into the early morning hours
with one side urging the New York Senator and former First Lady
to attack former Renter Barack Obama without mercy,
the other pushing her to become collected and presidential.
Either way is a long shot.
Clinton's campaign is all but over,
drowning under a tsunami named Obama.
Her own mistakes and incredible scripts by her former president, Husband.
Newsweek's Howard Feynman says Clinton campaign in Sardars tell him
that chiefs to Renter just marked Penn want to celebrate to pull out all the stops
and attack Obama nonstop between out on the primaries in Texas and Ohio in March 4.
I've known Mark Penn for some 20 years, seeing this former partner Doug Shane,
work for me as Polsters for our Independent Accentures program
when I ran the political program to visit for the National Association of Realtors
from 1987 to 1992.
His approach then, as it is now, was to attack without hesitation,
take no prisoners and win by any means possible.
But I believe he and Clinton overplayed their hand with petty attacks against a bomb in the past week,
claiming plagiarism from a friend of the Illinois Senator,
who had turned out advised Obama to use the words in his speech to refute
Clinton's words versus solutions approach.
Penn advised Clinton to ignore Obama's victories in the Potomac primaries
and again last night, and doing so she went on stage
and ignored the standard political tradition of conceding a primary election
and congratulated me upon it.
That decision caused Clinton valuable airtime last night,
when the cable networks cut from the middle of her stump speech
to cover Obama's victory speech, which went on and on and on.
Mark doesn't have been failure or defeat.
Hillary Clinton's enormous ego won't allow her to admit a mistake either.
Penn believes that there were attacks against Obama,
helped keep his margin of victory below 60% of Wisconsin,
and the most likely turn his candidate into a merciless attack machine-mon.
Traditional political wisdom says that when you're back is against the wall,
you go negative.
Clinton's out of options and she'll probably follow Penn's traditional political advice.
But this is not a traditional campaign.
Obama's rock star personality has turned the race for the nomination into a happening,
a phenomenon that ignores the rules in tramples tradition.
A tempting to blunt his tremendous popularity with serious talk about experience
and issues won't work neither will attack ads.
Clinton still has a long shot chance to revound,
but she can't do it by following conventional political wisdom,
assuming wisdom even exists in politics.
She needs to muzzle her loose cannon husband and keep him off the campaign trail
assuming that that's possible.
She needs to sack Mark Penn, find a message, and then stick to it.
If this campaign proves anything, it's that come back so survival
at conventional political wisdom, John McCain's resurrection from the political data stabs his dad.
McCain's jump started as campaign by sacking his strategist and his polster,
Clinton fired a campaign manager in deputy,
but still listens to Penn, and pays him millions of dollars for the advice
that drove her run for the presidency from inevitable to impossible.
From inevitable to impossible, Clinton can't claim to be a leader
as long as she lets political hacks down for a campaign into the dustbin of history.
You go, Doug, what do you really mean?
What do you really try to say? She's done.
Stick a fork in her, she be done.
Swittlery.
What I have told you a long time ago, she's the most polarizing,
the most divisive of the lover or your hater,
and only seen how old women love her.
That's right.
Oh, that's smarty, she's so wonderful.
Why?
I said, how's it going, eh?
Don't forget to see George on Friday and bring him a lot of money and a lot of drugs.
Bring him some tips on the races, okay?
Because I don't have no racing for them.
I mean, I could do some homework for it now that I know we're going to be doing it Friday again.
But I won't.
I don't want to.
That's right.
It's too much like work in addition, which when you start reading the form
and pretending you're going to learn something, then you change your mind a hundred times, you know?
Have you ever seen a racing form for the Thurberads?
Nothing I'm aware of.
And all the little lines and the buyer's speed figure and the competitive way.
No, I wouldn't.
You know, if I did see one, I wouldn't have recognized it so.
Oh, you probably find some on the floor.
Oh, that's right.
You're going to be there when the races just start.
Today, we're going to actually give you some picks from DRF.
They put in a triactor for each and every race.
And here's what they've got selected.
This one here is wearing a wedding band.
You're trying to tell you something.
Those S's just came through my TV screen.
I was running away S's and I'm holding one in my right hand.
A screamer.
Of course, the number one pick in the first race along with Ola.
You're it?
I heard it.
On top, that is Nigeria, debuting for the Barnabatic Reynolds as well.
First start off with the claim and the third race.
We see the eight horse or rugged.
Those are for Gulfstream practice after no one.
Why should go out there now?
You still got time to make the first race, George.
See you.
You're going to become a degenerate gambler, then you'll blame me for it.
Oh, they were, man.
They got me the gambler all my life.
Let me tell you something.
I've never blamed anyone else for any of my bad habits.
Good. That's a good thing.
Nobody's making you do anything.
What?
Nobody's making you do any of these.
That's right.
Nobody's making you do any of these.
Nobody's holding a good show.
Nobody is holding a gun to your head.
Forcing you to listen.
All the now contents out there.
All these people.
Nobody's holding a gun to your head.
You know, forcing you to indulge any of these vices,
whether it's sugar or drugs or gamblers or whatever it is.
That's not my own.
I don't blame anybody else for it.
I don't take a role in boys.
They're manufactured in the first place.
They should only...
I don't even blame them.
They don't even want to do it.
They want to sell stuff.
So they're not going to get our can't stand as people are going...
BANG!
BANG!
You might want to tell somebody that, okay?
BANG!
The best talent in your life.
Can't deal with magic.
Sport like you'll find out who I am.
The sports leader.
This dick chainy.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls
while listening to the Neil Rogers welter one hour.
I'm leaving.
Here.
Oh my god, not this.
It's so long.
Yeah.
Did you pick a phone call or something?
A long, long time ago.
I beg your pardon?
Got a good party.
It was 1900.
No.
Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
I could play the whole thing, but I don't want it.
Okay.
Well, no, you talked me out of it.
I was going to play it.
You're mailing it over.
You're mailing it in, right?
You're mailing it in, right?
Okay.
You're going to kill him when he says.
No, he's not.
You're fiend-mailing it in.
I'm going to tell you one thing.
If I haven't taken a bunch of pills by now,
I'm going into a coma and not awakened.
If I haven't done it by now, it's never going to happen.
That's right.
You don't want it.
I'm a survivor, right?
Those are the three words.
I'm a survivor.
I am, I'm a, I'm a mama.
Survivor.
Oh, the notion that you'd let any of these people get to you.
What people?
You know, the people that like to tell you how to live your lives.
I mean, connect it with this show.
What is this show?
Any of you above.
Any of the above.
Oh.
Let me just say this.
If I survived the Mohawar David era.
Sure.
I can survive anything in this business.
That was about the ugliest and in all these people.
Oh, is it just, is it just, yeah, or is it just making it up?
Right.
Nobody could have made up the stuff that was built in.
For the most, the wildest, most perverse sense of sickness.
Nobody could have made that up.
But then again, they, Greg did such a good job at checking references there, you know.
Really, he did a thorough job.
Oh, I got Howard David coming, going to do the morning show.
Hey, here's the contract meal.
Look at that.
I got a signature.
Oh.
For the first time ever, evolution is to be talked clearly
and explicitly in Florida classrooms.
Another of the Florida Board of Education yesterday approved a batch of new sign standards.
That says the E word, the E word.
Oh, my God.
Right.
But there's a catch, of course.
Evolution will be taught as the scientific theory of evolution.
And it will not happen overnight.
Nice.
The original, everyone, that good?
Uh-huh.
He's weighing in on it.
The original proposed standards updated for the first time since 1996 didn't call evolution a theory
when they were drafted and reviewed by panel experts.
Following numerous public complaints, though, from a bunch of right winged getchkeys,
Bible thumping and lunatics, flat earth maniacs,
the State Department of Education suggested the wording change to clearly label every scientific law and theory
not just about evolution as such.
The boarded back to the alternate proposal and therefore the standards by a four to three vote.
Religious advocates wanted more, they proposed a so-called academic freedom amendment to the standards
to counter what they say is the standards dogmatic tone and call the evolution,
the fundamental concept underlying all a biology.
The amendment would have given teachers the explicit permission to engage students in a critical analysis of that evidence.
But supporters of the standards and a majority of the boards said the proposal was anything from unnecessary to redundancy suspect.
After all the standards encouraged scientific argumentation, critical and logical thinking,
and the active consideration of alternative scientific explanations to explain the data presented.
Board member Donna Callaway, who made frequent reference to her faith, tried to get the academic freedom measure considered but couldn't give a second.
Who made frequent reference to her faith, you shouldn't be on the school board, honey.
If you're a getchkey, get off her air.
Right.
Just walk away, bitch.
You can call her, I don't know who she is, all right?
And she's still a fencer attitude to me, she's still a bitch.
Oh, you can't do that, I just read it.
If we decide that we're going to hide this debate, we're going to hide the controversy,
we're going to hide the fact that thousands of people disagree, and we're going to get with the witness protection program, she said.
This is a point of debate, and we need to address it right here, she said.
Right here, like Brian Cox would say.
Up to here.
Yeah, idiot.
Roberto Martinez said, respectfully done, it's not a form of debate or controversy in the mainstream scientific community.
He was cut off by a clause in whistling from Pro Evolution Crowd of the Pact Hearing.
Pro Evolution Crowd.
Until then, the Evolution critics had hissed and muttered when he spoke and said, Evolution was really a fact.
But Martinez and Calaway had this in common, both voted against the standards.
While Calaway wanted a less dogmatic tone on Evolution, Martinez wanted the original standards as drafted and as praised by the National Academy of Sciences.
He said he was concerned that calling Evolution a theory even a scientific theory would still confuse as to the definitions of the word of Gensur-a-Scientific and Testable Concept based on facts.
So, that pay well for my attention, for my health gear, that's the change they need.
Martinez also made a passing reference to a 2005 Federal Pennsylvania court ruling that considered an alternative to Evolution called Intelligent Design to be more religion than science, Intelligent Design My Ass, and whoever did, by the way, with a real clown.
A real sadist was proof against it.
What's going on here is an effort by people who are opposed to Evolution to water down our standards, Martinez said, no matter how much the current strategy may have evolved in the past 20 years, the DNA is the same, Creationism.
Focus, focus.
That's it.
With the new standards, teachers will be required to teach Evolution and Natural Slogans starting in the sixth grade and starting in ninth grade will take up learning hominid evolution from early ancestors to genetic drift and gene flow.
Oh, don't let it flow in your genes.
Too late.
All depending on where it's flowing from.
Back to the old.
It's actually really bad.
Evolution is taught now in public schools, but it's not clear to what extent, but the standards never mentioned by name, though they mentioned natural selection.
The new standards not only ensure evolution is mentioned, it's to be inculcated.
Supported state to standards will make science learning more in depth and will improve the understanding of science by Florida students who do poorly in the subject theory when tested.
Wow, what a shock.
John's STEM burger, a real far-bison, an activist with Orlando-based Florida Family Policy Council said the standards go too far, unfairly muzzle teachers, and will lead more people to pull their kids out of public schools in favor of homeschooling and private brainwaves, private education.
STEM burger was one of the ten opponents to the standards who spoke alongside the ten supporters of the standards before the board voted Tuesday.
The role seemed reversed, with evolution supporters talking about God and critics talking about science and the need for inclusive learning.
Illustrating the current role reversals the clerical collar worn by Presbyterian pastor, Grant Copeland of Telehansi.
I wonder if he's kind to leave Roy and then Vince Copeland.
Who?
Hardest drivers?
Right.
He supported the standards as written and said evolution is self-shedlight on God's creation.
On the other side, public school teacher Dave Bracken said the standards seem to discourage any teaching, teaching that questions evolution.
There are cracks, there are holes, Bracken said, oh yeah, there are cracks in holes, baby.
Noting research and study from the intelligence design movement, which posits that multiple forms of life show such a complexly an evidence of design they must have been made by some unnamed higher intelligence, right.
Like all of them spiders.
And all of this, like I think of the Lord made a mom play that a hundred times.
This is a long pondress thing.
What's wrong with that hundred years ago, by so it's long.
I didn't say anything there.
And you did, did not say that there was anything wrong with it.
You said I'm mailing it in, that's exactly what you said.
And I said you're thin mailing it in.
Bracken said he was concerned that the new standards wouldn't allow him to feed him to teach some of the problems with evolution.
But Board Member Phoebe Raulerson said that's not the case.
She provided the second Board Member, Lizard Hamers, MotionWeddy, Scientific Theory Language, but didn't take up calories, MotionWeddy, academic freedom provision because the standards already encouraged critical thinking.
There are a bunch of horses, man.
Don't confuse them with the truth. They got to like head you around so they can pass the pile to get these.
That's what it's all about.
One of the best part of the standards is we're trying to teach what is the scientific process, she said.
Joining Taylor and Raulerson back in the standards were caffeine-chanahan, and Chairman T. Woodard Fair, he's still around.
He's still spitting in the soup, who cast a deciding vote and quickly slipped out of the meeting during a break.
What he's got to go to the restaurant and spitting the soup, or the white people are eating.
You know, that's what he used to brag about when I used to have my show all the time, T. Woodard Fair?
He said that when he worked in a kitchen and restaurant where all the clientele were all white.
And so he worked in the kitchen.
And as a gesture of hostility, he would like to claim that he's spitting the soup.
And I don't know if he did or not.
At least he didn't do something that rhymes with spitting the soup. That would have been really.
I guess that would have been too obvious.
I guess.
I'm going to tell you there's a soup.
Lentil soup or beef and barley.
Or one of those chunky soups.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh, there's Swivel Rate.
He's still at it.
And here's all these idiots behind her.
And one guy, that one's the most promising partner of the town.
All the way veterans are doing it.
Arrrr, arrrr, arrrr.
And the respect they deserve.
Let's get rid of them.
Arrrr, arrrr, arrrr, arrrr, arrrr.
I can't ring out.
You know, 69 MTV Road Rules Challenge, whatever it is, you know, it's on the...
I can't find them, I'm TV here now.
Well, if you know what's good for you, it's better than that.
I know it's a...
It's a Hillary, yeah.
Arrrr, arrrr, arrrr.
Here's much easier.
Uh oh, not that.
Oh, it's giggling.
He's going...
He's going, he's going, he's going.
He's going, he's going...
He's going, he's going.
Careful, careful, careful.
Right.
Kind of words in it.
Don't let these hotties distract you.
They're going to help you.
They're going to sing in one thing only.
The Wackout Sports.
Be a hero.
Oh, hey!
Alright, great.
I can't find my MTV, they'll have to...
I tried checking online and I couldn't find the damn Lister Cable Channel.
Maybe Brandon will find it for me, but of course he's not...
He's in Communicato last two days.
And we have no more dropouts on the streaming.
You know that good news?
Hallelujah, baby.
Hallelujah, 133 votes on Chris's second poll.
I get the thing we're kicking some big smelly ass, you know what?
Speaking of that, Georgia will be at Gulf Stream Friday 10-2.
Kick it right away.
Huh?
Kick it right away.
No, that's not a big fat smelly ass there.
Oh, sure.
I'm going to take a gun on the next.
Come on, baby.
I need my budget.
It's 435-60 km.
I think it's 4th, leader.
Come on.
Come on.
Come on.
I think I'm going to have to invite the MTV.
In fact, I forgot all about it during the break.
And they got some kind of a wild rugby...
Should've been a devil horn, simple thing.
What?
I said, how's it going?
Well, these guys are all rolling around and grabbing
so there's private and stuff like that.
There's so much joy out of that, but oh, so much.
Hmm.
The greatest love.
You're the damnedest thing about all this.
I got my teeth cleaned and cleaned and three of this afternoon, so I can't eat lunch.
I mean, I could.
Well, that's good.
Should do that every day.
Should do one.
You might take a piece from it.
You don't eat lunch.
That's a good idea.
It's the typical time.
The three months had to be broke, but my teeth would be beautiful.
Smartly.
Yeah.
From 18 to 560, WDQA, I'm happy your Wednesday.
To a Georgia Viet Gulf Stream 10-2 this Friday.
Right.
Broadcasting live, as live as it ever gets with your season.
Live, ladies.
Live, like Casino on the first floor of Gulf Stream Park in Georgia live racing,
Somalcasting and slots.
While Neil teaches Georgia the horse-bending ropes it says.
Yeah.
Are we just hanged yours by rope?
Sure, what are you?
From the flagpole.
Yeah, how they played the national anthem at the track.
That's always bugged me over the years.
Why did they do that?
Oh, it would be patriotic.
Oh, you know.
The gambling place, man.
The track is where it is gambling going on.
Why do we have to have the national anthem?
And of course, at Pomfano Park in the clubhouse, the thing that was always very, very amusing,
even though I've seen it eight million times, is they have all these old deaf people up
there in the clubhouse, you know, eating dinner?
Yeah.
And so they can't hear when they say the national anthem is going to start.
They can't hear it.
So they're sitting there.
All of a sudden they see other people standing up and I, oh, I got through the day.
You better stand up there playing our song.
What happened with us?
I saw everybody standing up and I was like, you know, I had the headphones on listening to the show.
So I didn't know what was going on in somebody else's.
You just stand up to me.
No, I didn't.
Not the way things are going today.
No.
Like Michelle Obama says, you know, this is the only time I've ever been proud to be an American.
Come enjoy the live racing, sound like casting in slots while George learns how to plunge his guts out.
And you're ready for the big race on Sunday, the $350,000 fountain of youth stakes at Gillespie Park.
So George will be there, maybe we'll catch another couple of tickets.
Ticket, ticket, ticket.
So Steve Sloan goes and makes you best for it, right?
Right.
He also has a point of view.
He's going to have a different headset this time, so we'll be able to see you playing a big,
or something, yeah, for something that's nice sounding.
Talk to an engineer if you can find one.
Okay.
A gun supply shop in Wisconsin is painting and decorating guns to look like children's toys,
and many police officers are concerned.
There's a picture one on here right.
It's got a little kitty on the handle.
On the handle?
Yep.
Somebody points at an officer.
What?
Handle bar.
Handle bar, yeah, like a bike.
That would be great.
That's something now.
You just made a fortune.
You don't even know it.
All right, share.
Bicycles with handle bars that shoot bullets.
White bullets.
Oh my god.
Talk about the American F and way.
That's a great concoction that I mentioned, man.
Shoot and run.
Yeah.
But on the both sides.
But I've been.
If somebody points at an officer, he could hesitate.
Brian Solro of the Arizona Fraternal Order Police Tools Union.
In which case he could get shot, he'd more or less be able to react and take the life
of a child.
What do you mean take the life of a child?
Oh, that's right.
Sergeant Manningman, those of the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department in Barstow,
California, were warned that now we're at the point where anything that looks like it
doesn't matter what color is considered a firearm, and we would like to currently defend ourselves
in the public.
You show me on the back.
If it's stolen, maybe I'm going to blow your crap away.
Jim's gun supply, Barra Boo Wisconsin.
I never heard of it in my life.
Did you, Barra Boo?
Nope.
Which, both on this website, that we adhere to the highest legal and ethical principles in
the conduct of all aspects of our business, primarily offers the customized guns in camouflage
patterns.
However, it also provides a selection of items in shocking pink, including one with a hello
kitty logo on the stock, as well as other garrison historical replica designs on the stock.
The duor code product used on the guns was originally designed to prevent corrosion.
There were concerns in the past that could be used by criminals to make real guns look
like fakes, but these candy colored designs might prove irresistible to children create
new worries.
The owner of Jim's gun supply, Jim Assel, defended his business in an asshole ASL-A-S-T-R-E.
Isn't it, hey, Assel, what word did you say?
That's what his name is, ASL-A.
You Assel?
This is where it's made.
Assel Rose?
At least it isn't Harry.
How do you know?
I don't know.
You're not a cheque.
No.
Anyway, Assel defended his business in a statement to see it and then he said over 75%
of them are law enforcement.
They argue they're buying them for their wives so they're going to arrange and shoot
with them.
Paint doesn't make any more deadly than black.
Well.
You Assel.
Don't hassle me.
God, yeah.
Don't hassle Assel.
Right.
Don't blow your crap on me.
David Hassel, hot kitty gun.
Crazy people with guns, man, and don't you mess with the NRA?
Don't you mess with those gun lovers.
You know, yeah, it's just for hunting, you know, hunting people.
Sure.
Hunting people, hunting students.
That's the New Zealand schools, man.
High schools, colleges, just going there.
I'm pissed off about something.
Let me just go and implore a bunch of people away now.
One thing is they're shooting themselves in a head, you know?
Well, that's good.
Yeah, so there's sick taxpayers a lot of money.
161 votes is all we got on his new poll.
It must be a bad poll, Charlie B.
If you found a wallet with a lot of money inside, including ID, what would you really
do?
Really, honestly, and twoo.
We won't tell anybody.
Give it all back.
No reward necessary.
51.
Give it all back.
Hope for a reward, but don't push it.
44.
Don't push it.
Bash?
Oh, yeah.
I'm still buying you on what the gold diamonds that use jewelry.
Rolex, Cartier, and Protect Watchers will bring you top dollar.
Old broken or damaged gold is my passion.
My product is cash.
I need your use jewelry.
So if you want to pick up some cash and have some fun at the same time, bring me a ring
earrings.
Let this embrace it right now.
That's Oliver the gold man.
I just like those spots.
They're a lot of guys I like to do their own spots and they're really bad.
Yeah, but he's funny.
He's funny.
Look at this breaking news.
No injuries.
A portion of building collapses in Queen Street glazed near Bathurst.
Oh my God.
Stay away from Queen and Bathurst.
That's a message for the Queen.
Anyway, give it all back and hope for reward, but don't push it 44.
Pocket the money we turned to wallet and claim I founded that way 41.
Pocket the money.
Lose the wallet and don't bother finding the owner 24.
Find the owner, return everything and insist on a reward.
Only two people are so tacky as to insist.
164.
What if the owner says, well, thank you so much for this far as the reward.
I don't want to.
You know, like that.
Right.
China.
How did you solve that?
Oh, yeah.
Speaking of guns.
What is my cockleberry?
To the Alamo as a defeat, but it actually was the springboard detects his victory in independence.
Oh, had it not been for the Alamo.
There were no Alamo.
Alamo, my ass.
They are red card joint.
This guy talks such nonsense, you know.
He's a man of the clock, though.
So he's full of crap.
Illinois lawmakers moved swiftly after last year's massacred Virginia Tech to make it harder
for anyone with a history of mental illness to buy guns, fortifying what were already some
of the nation's toughest weapons laws.
But the new measure doesn't take effect until June and whether it would have prevented
last week's bloodbath at Northern Illinois University as far from clear.
Steven Kismirzak, the 27 year old grad student who bought an arsenal of guns as a recent
months and used them to kill five people and commit suicide had been on medication.
And we're sent to a spent time in the psychiatric center as a teen.
You say 1990.
What I tell you about them, crazies.
What about them?
They're crazy and they should be.
You're not taking a minute to let out.
You got to take your meds.
Yeah, but you never know if they're gonna.
So they should never be let out.
This business about mids.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, mm-hmm.
But state senator Dan Katsowski, a sponsor of the law that will require more detail reporting
to state officials about those who have received mental health treatment said the sketchy
information about Kismirzak's medical history makes it impossible to know if he would have
fallen under the law.
The law is more comprehensive than most of the Democrats said Monday, but everything
needs to be evaluated and reviewed and addressed to the problem.
So something like this never happens again.
Oh, yeah, hold your breath.
It'll never happen again.
Until next time.
The measure when it takes effect will require health professionals to inform state authorities
about patients who display violent, suicidal or threatening behavior.
Right now such information is reported to state officials only on people who have been
institutionalized, not on those who receive only outpatient treatment.
Illinois adopted the law last June and the governor signed in August.
Virginia law makers meanwhile are still considering a package of bills to reform that state's
mental health system in the wake of Virginia tax tragedy, including one that would make it
easier to have people involuntarily committed.
Like we do in Florida, is that a federal thing or just in Florida, the Baker Act?
I don't know.
Well, why not?
The Baker Act.
You better Google it, man.
Right?
Or we're going to have you Baker Act.
Do it.
You're an adult name.
The best out of Virginia is now politics.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
I think.
Fourth leader.
Act.
Ladies and gentlemen, if I could offer only one tip for the future.
Act strange and people will leave you alone.
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own neanderine experience.
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst.
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps and sing feelings while the kernels go snuff
crackle and pop.
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head through the hole where they say how much.
Lick a stranger.
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect.
Take lots of pills.
One of them might work.
Occasionally ask a stranger they've heard anything from Lewis.
The annoying.
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk.
Moon a funeral.
Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working.
Run naked through a mall yelling.
Kill a bees.
Kill a bees.
Say the word titty without smiling.
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies.
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids.
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it.
Disappear for great lengths of time.
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue.
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort.
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework.
Ask Mark McGuire if he'll take a million dollars for one of his balls.
Try to find the secret to keratops success.
Understand your conception was an accident.
That your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out.
Try not to lose your finger in your nose.
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door.
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force of the stainless car seat.
Try to dribble bobcastis.
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness.
Knowing you, you've done some crap that's really pissed them off.
Wish no ill willed anyone unless you don't like them then screw them around their own.
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap.
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that.
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them.
Stiff and old lady.
Imagine Gomer Pyle in the gay bar trying to get lucky.
Do this without laughing.
You're fairing.
Find what's left of your innocence.
Understand it.
Embrace it.
Detect it.
And every so often, take it out for a nice nash.
Caron of not to care.
Hum while you eat.
Act strange.
And people will leave you alone.
Fault 33 and speaking of the Baker rack.
So I was right.
It's just that my wasn't right.
I was guessing it's just a Florida thing.
Yeah.
Florida law permits a can I read this briefly?
We're not.
Okay, we want to hear about it because we're going to have you a Baker rack.
Did how do you like that, mister?
We're going to have to come with a straight jacket.
It's the golf stream when you're asked is there unsuspecting as long as the straight jacket?
No, it's going to be a gay jacket.
Oh, I didn't know that.
Pink with polka dots and lace.
Long as they're evenly spaced.
Florida law permits a mental health professional enforcement officer,
judge who issues an ex-part they order to initiate an involuntary examination
only when a person meets the following criteria.
The question is what are the criteria for involuntary psychiatric exams in Florida?
This is under frequently asked questions about reform of Florida's Baker rack.
What we're something that tells us what it is.
What it is.
Yeah, and how you can get people, you know, right?
How you can get a Baker rack elected.
Perfect.
Perfect.
We could have solved that problem ourselves, even though Jolly Jo had his private investigator working feverishly on it, of course.
We could have solved that chronic foam problem.
We could have just had two or four people Baker racked it.
We could be taking calls every day.
Not a lot of them because then we'd have the quarter-shot guy and we have the
the ratings guy and this guy and the one.
What did I do the guy?
The one?
The abullion guy.
What did I do the guy?
Everybody's the guy with the eyes.
He calls Jo all the time, by the way.
Does he know?
See, one thing about our sports show is this has been consistent in the ten years we've been on this station.
They don't screen the calls.
I mean, they ask who's on there, but they put the same people on over and over and they don't care.
Whoever the board officer that worked the sports shows, they ought to be shot.
Okay?
Especially the one between two and four.
But then again, that's just my opinion.
Jerks.
Well, he brought him in with him.
You know, so he's going to stick up for his, uh, his, uh, lung kid.
Everybody's got to stick up for their lung kid.
Remember when Greg weed one to fire your ass?
Sure.
Congratulations on the ratings, Neil, and by the way, I have the sign that I'll terminate George Rodriguez.
And the first hint is to where that came from was when he went.
Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
Like that.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, how dare you embarrass that man.
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
Yeah.
I had a lot of nerve.
Were those emails?
Yeah, that everybody else, you were the last one to read them in the building, by the way.
Yeah, but I read them on here.
And then he should have fired you.
What about the lime green pants?
What about them?
Well, you were making fun of him before I even, uh,
I didn't make fun.
Do you want to have the replay?
You said what's he like?
You said what's he like?
And I said,
Take off those checkered pants.
Nice guy about your age.
Got a little bit of a puppet there like, uh, you know, like you, and I said, and I said,
in passing, I said, and he's a member of the club, you know, he's sending you up for a line.
I said, he's a member of the club.
And you said, what club?
And I said, the hair club.
And you ran with that.
I said nothing about lime green pants, checkered pants, dotting old man or anything like that.
You said, George said he's got a muskrat on his head.
It looks like it died last week.
Yeah.
Was that wrong?
No.
But I didn't say that.
See, it was an accurate statement just, I didn't say it.
You did it.
I performed the surgery on, uh, J.P.
with stump.
Mm-hmm.
Didn't either same doctor that performed the, uh, procedure on your two pay?
Um, just a doctor who performed the surgery.
Yeah.
Let's think about that.
This is me, client.
I'm not sure.
And the messed up.
The thing is, the fact that the guilty can't keep us straight face.
No.
Every time, back in those days, that was during the period of time when I would come back there periodically
and do a few shows, like for a week or whatever, and then I'd come back here.
And every time I'd see guilty in the hallway, I'd be coming out of the tea room and every guilty.
Oh, I don't know how I'm going to put up with him.
I just can't stand it anymore.
Any more.
Just whining.
And every once in a while, I go, I can't handle that.
Or once in a while, like that.
And that really pissed me off.
I don't miss guilty.
I'll tell you that.
But I do miss...
No, kind of a sadistic sick way.
I miss having him around, you know?
In fact, if you had a choice, although we can't stand at one point.
Oh!
That number was just too small, OK, Mo?
Yeah.
In spite of all your health.
Although, although we'll see, we'll see what's going to happen now between two and four.
Now that we ain't got no mo.
What's this fact?
It says, Jo from Toronto.
Hey, Jo, I hate to break the news to you.
Yeah, South Park is on every Friday night, 30th, not censored.
That's right.
That's one of the few shows even on cable where they don't leap out the words anymore.
I wonder why that is.
Because it's optional.
It's always optional on cable, as you know.
We're not broadcasting.
So they're not required to censor anything they censor.
Well, they don't.
But most of the other shows they do.
They do.
They're afraid of their image.
South Park is pissed off.
We're probably off, too, you know?
Yeah.
Anyway, Jo says you can look all day, but you won't find the same MTV as seen in the US.
There's MTV Canada on our cable.
Well, that's what I'm looking for, Jo.
I'm looking for MTV on Roger's cable.
Maybe Jo will fix me and let me know what channel it is.
Because I can't find it.
I lost it.
And I'm sure a lot of people would agree with that.
Oh, yeah, you lost it, old man.
When you're going to stop being so...
I have a good idea.
This will kill some good time.
And why don't we go up and down?
Oh, look at this.
This is great.
Darling, darling, they...
Oh, I can't believe Charles Goren's championship bridge.
I don't know, it's a bridge.
From Dunny.
From a thousand years ago.
See, I'm a producer of the ten.
Macomas is queen.
Will it hold?
Yes, more Ed Kent contested.
I see Charlie.
Seaman does have the king.
Macomas is willing to conceive that king now.
He leaves the Lord Diamond.
See?
Well, once upon a time when there wasn't much to put on TV, they had people playing bridge,
cards on TV.
Now we've come full cycle, and we've got people playing poker on TV,
and millions of people tuned in to watch it.
There's like 85 different versions of that crap.
Oh, my.
It's unbelievable.
An ex-sips of the objective space.
Oh, he said spades.
I don't think we can say that.
And also, Charles Goren to two-one.
Still in the third, Malkin Orion Malone.
His eighteenths.
Not alone.
And we are tied at two.
And now pick it up.
130 seconds left in the hockey game.
Ten's on the pile and a par play in Malone.
Look at that.
You young kids out there.
That's a Glenn Anderson.
You used to know it's crashing and epic.
You crazy.
Camp is blowing up again, baby.
Very tragic.
Tres, they are tragic.
So I can't find the MTV.
Here's sports, and we've got 4,000 Georgia B and heaven here.
We've got like 40,000 sports channels.
There's the golf channel.
Are you all for only $99?
No other driver comes close to the hammer,
and no other golf operator has-
The hammer, I didn't know.
I can't just hit the high instrument.
They said even grand seers can't touch the hammer.
But they're again, who'd want to, yeah?
What just happened on there?
Oh, I knocked it off the-
Off the airline, you see how you are.
Don't you hate it when I get too excited like that?
No, over-
Over-and-tused, makes it funer.
Biggest name.
Other best times.
Thanks a lot, Drillson.
I learned my 4,000 in my 60-2 AM.
And the sports leader.
And hold it.
Are you sure?
They're all under the minute.
All of my show.
I know where to go.
The rider just hit him.
No end to their hands.
He's making demons.
Very nice, the black cream before me.
Let the number American Idol.
I am so proud of Brandy Paul.
I am Simon.
What the hell?
Having to my boring.
Lost in different house.
One life or even days of our lives.
Feel the pain of being bored.
No one else can write just for me.
Or a calamity or war.
No one else.
No one else can put the war.
Then their mouth.
Break myself for a long summer.
Get ready for a bummer.
We run through.
We're in pretty thin.
My shoulder all unwritten.
Oh.
Always right.
1246-14-156-17.
I can't find MTV Canada on their no way.
I know how I checked Rogers' cable.
I'm Googling.
I'm chuking.
I don't know where to hold it.
And the sad part of it is, even though it is not exactly the same as MTV US.
They got a lot of those same shows.
Real world naked, young people.
And who the hell doesn't want to see that?
You're the only one who wants to see that.
You're an old pervert fat.
Yeah, right.
That's right.
I'm the only one who wants to see that.
Even George is watching it.
That's right.
I'm watching the girl jumping on a trampoline.
There's a spice.
There is Discovery Channel Daily Planet.
For practice.
Maybe which movie you send that?
Do what you like.
It's your vacation.
At my best, Western.
You're in your...
Oh, best Western.
I'll pass.
Let's see.
Comedy Club 54 or the Stand Up Comics.
You know the ones that go...
Like that?
No.
Sanford and Sun.
I'm station Zebra.
Black Entertainment Network.
Let's get that on right away.
Oh, there it is.
I found it.
It's 52.
Video, it's on work.
I got an idea.
B-Kine, rewind.
Is it blazing?
The original comic?
I should say it.
Are you dead?
It's one of the infamous ones.
It's deep from now.
All the nominees work harder.
Well, let's wait till they get out of the spot.
What do you say?
Or we can just play the audio.
Look at this.
I thought this was something useful.
It was another anfax.
Oh, my God.
Business survival.
Businesses need to communicate to new and existing clients.
Outbound call center.
A thousand calls.
Only 250 bucks.
All right.
We can make a thousand calls.
We can go.
Bumper.
Like that.
Great.
Only 219 votes on the poll, but that's pretty crappy.
That's really pretty crappy that I made a teeth cleaning appointment at 3 in the afternoon.
What a stupid bastard I am.
I didn't have my bacon.
Good.
So I better take these dental sticks and clean out my arm.
Well, there's nothing more embarrassing.
Well, I don't know if you're a slab.
I guess you don't care.
Well, you're going to get your teeth cleaned anyway, right?
And that's your mind as well.
Dirty and all right.
Get your money with.
Eat some Oreos.
Maybe you have a bunch of pasta.
Eat some of that pasta.
Titsy roll.
With some handbugers.
Or what was that bar that almost killed me the other day?
The crunchy bar.
The crunchy bar?
Yeah.
It sticks to your teeth all day.
You're ass here.
You're so full of cheque.
Eat one of those.
Eat one of those in the lobby before your appointment.
And your teeth will all be gunged up.
It'll give them to you.
And give them to me out.
Kick my ass out.
Oh, yeah, right.
We thank you for such an ice-old man.
But you come in here like some kind of a slab with crunchy candy.
You know, I think everybody ought to, in fact,
maybe I'm going to steal one when I'm there today.
You know those middle ticks that they have?
Yes.
In the dentist's office?
Oh, yeah.
The ones that they gouge your teeth with?
Yes.
Yeah.
I think everybody ought to have those at home because every now and then you get like stuff.
Huh? Don't you?
We have them at home.
You can buy them at the drugstore.
You can?
For little kids where they come with a mirror, a pick, and a spade.
No, not metal like that.
I'm telling you.
They are?
Trust me.
I choice you not.
Well, I got to get those.
Just rip that crap out of the middle of your teeth.
You know, I write down to get something in there and you can't get a do.
Mm-hmm.
222 votes.
Pretty crappy on this a lot.
And that's Charlie B's fault.
Do you have the accommodations in the movie have never ever been made public before?
It's just the first time.
And it's got an amazing reviews and music magazines apparently.
It's just an audio interview.
And then it's paired with other images like along with what he's talking about.
I haven't seen it yet, but I'm bringing it home to watch it tonight.
And I can't wait.
It also comes out today for all of you.
So you can go out, bring it home, and watch it tonight.
I don't know how that is.
That's what I'm trying to do.
I can't wait.
I'm not going to play that while your window is open again.
That would be bad.
Yeah.
I would lose touch with the audience.
Remember that guy?
Mm-hmm.
That's it.
Yeah.
You crossed the line now.
You've lost touch with the audience with that bit.
It's just too insensitive.
And blow out your ass.
Drugs and all that wicked, wicked shootout scene in this housing project.
It's unbelievable.
Wicked end of the movie.
I am so.
Michael Clayton also comes out today and decides to back that.
How come we don't see all these hot shows that you were talking about?
They're on today.
Well, he's hot.
I'm watching it right now.
I was watching these two girls dancing in bikinis on the back of a boat.
Well, they're not on my MTV Canada right now.
Let me check the guide and see when it says a bunch of hot naked young people.
They're in Coral with a giant rack.
This is MTV Live Hacked.
Yeah.
Hacked this.
Hacked the wife.
Parental control.
Robin Bigg.
Oh, life of Ryan.
I've been out saying anything about that show.
What?
You ever seen that show?
Nope.
Yeah.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
They're under age.
You think because I ripped them on a year so much?
Maybe.
I got that Sean, one last Sean puller,
the full series of run-out men, I run them again.
So they've abandoned us as possible.
What women want most in a man is men who, a man who is,
we ever did that the other day, remember?
Mm-hmm.
His rich has a handsome face, goes out of town a lot.
A man they can change, his famous is abusive is funny.
Believes everything he's told is handy around the house.
Has an athletic build, is dangerous, is gay, likes kids,
is a musician or belongs to somebody else.
Do you like that pull or not?
I don't, it's just fun.
It is?
Well, there's one for a Sunday in the future, okay?
Since everybody else has stopped sending us any pull,
Charlie B ain't sending us no more.
And Sean, he's given up.
And then the anonymous one, I used to sound very,
very plain looking piece of paper, you know what I mean?
Very poorly printed out.
He's gone.
And Brandon, of course, he had a couple of weeks ago,
and he's just abandoned us altogether.
Thanks, Brandon.
233 on this one about finding a wallet.
Well, I don't know, maybe it's just not sexy enough.
Like a sandwich filling, right?
You know, just for a hope, maybe we ought to do that someday.
How much I could find it in my pile here?
Your favorite sandwich filling?
Mm-hmm.
I mean, can you even begin to imagine, talk about desperation?
That he acts in, and it's a long list of stuff, too, on there, as I recall.
Oh, here's the second race that filled off the apartment.
We're going together on the inside.
And his gober city is trying to get into it with late from 4th,
plus that it's very long to the finish.
It's Dancing Boots Now Clear.
Dancing Boots In Front by the middle.
The gober city is probably down at the rail.
We'll afford to cross back on the yellow side.
And you guys, Chris, can you hear that?
The stretch dance in Boots has been a long list of things.
Up for a second, it will be Dancing Boots.
That's a tricky joke, just like I predicted.
Of course, I said it when he had about a two-length lead in the stretch.
It's always pretty easy to pick him like that.
I had a friend in Michigan, kind of a weird guy.
And I went to college with Stranger Guy.
In fact, him and his brother all these Detroit degenerate gamblers
and we're only like 18 years old.
I was even 18 yet.
I guess I must have been.
But anyway, they took me to Hazel Park Race Track.
The first race track experience in my life in Detroit.
And this after every race, this guy had the winner.
Oh, I told you, Nelson. I told you.
After every race.
I don't change people like that.
Yup.
Can't stand it.
It's totally so.
Assassination plots and schemes with Castro in the crosshairs.
Now that he's resigned.
Before disappearing from public life in 2006 and officially stepping down
as Cuba's president yesterday, Castro ruled the country with an iron fist
despite numerous attempts by his enemies to do away with him.
The CIA directed April 61 evasion of Cuban.
The Bay of Pigs was just the tip of the iceberg
when it came to the US government efforts to get rid of Castro and Cuba.
They began with his rise to power in 59 continued to the mid-60s.
In many cases, those efforts were accompanied by assassination plus
ranging from the ridiculous to the sublime.
Some were serious others were not.
Obviously none succeeded.
Most Americans didn't murder these efforts to 1975
when Senator Frank Church of Idaho conducted hearings on alleged assassination
plots involving foreign leaders.
Greater detail became available in 1993 with the declassification
of the report on plots to assassinate failed Castro
are reported by President Johnson.
It was prepared in 1967 by the CIA's Inspector General
and made available for the Church Committee but not declassified
until 36 years later.
The Church Committee concluded there were at least eight plots.
Okay, I'm going to put a little thing in there.
A little thing.
Bookmark?
A little bookmark.
A little thing.
A Chachpe.
Because I don't want to rush through it.
We got to do the break.
We're going to get the spots on baby.
Is that what it's all about?
Is the spots?
Absolutely.
That's you baby.
I'm QA and it's all about spots.
It's all about votes on a poll, only 239.
When did we start the new poll?
Well that's right, Eric was out screwing around.
He was at the gate club there in Orlando.
Wonder his wife knows about that.
Have you ever met his wife?
No.
The young, the Japanese lady.
How many kids do they have?
I believe two.
Wasn't that sweet.
Nice to see you know a little bit about him.
Maybe two.
Maybe we get David to get in touch with Eric.
And give him some, David from the, oh that's crazy.
Give him some live, vice on live.
Biggest name.
The best town.
And you'll be in your own objects.
Forty to five sixty two a.m.
The sports leader.
Not just the one to two hour.
It's a phenomenon.
New from interrogation toys.
It's the board game that's making a huge splash.
Waterboarding.
It's waterboarding.
The CIA torture tactic is now available for you to play along with at home.
It comes complete with table.
Restraining straps.
Line fold.
Seren wrap.
Towel.
It's five different levels of interrogation questions.
Are you cheating on me?
Oh!
Why are you?
Oh!
You supply the water faucet.
We'll supply the five.
Yay!
Waterboarding!
You'll never be bored playing waterboarding.
Get your family and friends to tell the truth.
Torture your neighbor who never vows his lawn.
Or use it as some sort of weird sexual fetish.
Waterboarding.
Waterboarding.
Going away.
Wow.
There's the end of the second race attempt of eight downs.
Didn't tip off the window though.
Six puke's guts in the stricter.
Don't you think that one of us just starts stacking and gasping for oxygen?
I do hope that's starting though.
Especially when that's the one you bet your money on.
Well George is a big degenerate gambler now.
Anyway, getting back to this thing about the assassination attempts on Castro.
The church committee concluded that released eight plots in hogging the CIA to assassinate Castro from 1960 to 65.
Some, however, never got beyond the talking stage as indicated by the CIA Inspector General's report.
They included before August 1960 plots aimed only at discrediting Castro.
Error saw a attack on radio station.
Discussion was held on the skin to contaminate the air of the radio station in Havana,
where Castro broadcasted speeches with a chemical that produces reaction to similar to LSD.
Nothing came of the idea.
I didn't like that.
Error spray, LSD.
All right.
Well can I get some?
I'm wondering what that asshole guy thinks of it.
Can I contaminate cigars?
Now we've heard about these for years.
Yes.
A vague scheme involving a box of cigars treated with a chemical intended to produce temporary personality disorientation or perhaps causes beard to fall out.
The source was the late Jake Esterly and the CIA's project director for what became the Bay of Pigs.
No wonder it was such a gigantic success.
While vague on his recollections about the intended effect of the cigars,
Esterly and said he was positive they were not lethal.
Deplatory.
A scheme involving thalium sold, a chemical used by women as a deplatory, placed in his shoes.
The idea was to cause Castro's beard to fall out thus damaging his image.
Oh that would have done it.
Gambley's syndicate phase one, August 60 to May 61.
A complicated assassination plot initiated by Richard Bissell involving mafia figure Sam G. Antano, Santa Strafocati and Johnny Roselli,
went contrast remaining in a van from precast or a day.
Maybe with Hyman Roth.
It was time to coincide with the Bay of Pigs invasion although Bissell.
Everybody enjoy your cake?
Show the cake to everybody first up before you come.
Oh that's right.
Everybody's got to see it.
It was time to coincide with the Bay of Pigs invasion although Bissell, the head of CI covert operations at the time,
never bought the tell either Esterly and Bay of Pigs project director, no more incarnal Jack Hopkins,
the project's Pyramillitary officer.
Poison pills were being delivered to Havana and delivered to a contact inside a restaurant frequented by Castro.
Nobody knows if the pills ever got to Havana.
It was called off after the Bay of Pigs.
Gambley's syndicate phase two, late June 61 to late 61 to June 63.
The same plot of howling mafia figures in poison pills was reactivated in early 62 as part of the period of operation Mongoose,
the post Bay of Pigs program to one seat Castro.
The pills were given to Tony Verona, a prominent Cuban ex-al, through Johnny Roselli, another mafia figure,
Verona the NASCAR AMSAM in addition as well, which were passed him by the Miami CIA station.
The Inspector General's reporting indicates uncertainty as to whether the pills ever made to Cuba.
Schemes in early 63.
Schindiving suit.
This plot was hatched at the time near Attorney James Donovan was negotiating with Castro for the release of the Bay of Pigs prisoners.
It called for Donovan to present Castro with a skin diving suit, thus the inside of the fungus that would produce a disabling and chronic skin disease
and contaminating the breathing apparatus for the bacteria in the causes TB.
The skin diving suit already had been bought, but it was abandoned when it was learned Donovan already given Castro a skin diving suit.
Probably a little bit tacky to give too many skin diving suits.
Bumi Tatsi Shoe.
The idea was to take an unusually spectacular sea shell over Ketch Castro's attention,
loaded with an explosive trigger to blow when the sea shell was lifted, and some urgent and area Ketch were known to frequent for skin diving.
The plan progressed so far that Desmond Fitzgerald and head of the CIA's Cuban operations, bought two books on Caribbean mollusks.
It was later decided the scheme was impractable for a variety of reasons among them that a midget submarine to be used in placing the sea shell had two short of an operating range.
The midget was too short, but George.
Sorry, a midget.
Preparation Amish?
What is it? Amlaes Rolando Covella.
Covella, whose code name was Amlaes, was a member of Ketch Castro's inner circle from the beginning.
It became disenchanted and made contact with the CIA as early as 61.
Nester Sanchez, his CIA case officer, was meeting with Covella and Perus when President Kennedy was killed in Dallas.
November 22, 1963, Sanchez provided Covella that day Covella's request, a poison pen syringe to be used either on Ketch or on himself in case they failed the tent.
Nothing happened.
As CIA covert operations against Ketch or began winding down, the agency put Covella in touch with Manuel R. T. May, the ex-Helchee of a 300-member CIA-funded ex-Occarilla Army operating for Central America.
The joint R. T. May Covella plan was for Covella to assassinate Ketch or when he gave his annual July 26th 65 species a very Darrow, a beach resort at Cuba's North Coast.
The assassination would coincide with the seaboard invasion by our team as forces, with the presumed support of several Cuban Army officers in the area, the operation was canceled late 65 after became compromised.
The cat got out of the bag, out of the sack, L. Sacco.
And it's just, you know, probably a lot more.
Nice work though, they really did a good job, right?
Oh yeah, not. We're about to charge.
How do we job?
Their last plan finally worked. Wait for him to die.
Yeah, we're still waiting over here, but he stepped down and there were a couple of horns honking.
Yeah, two.
Yeah, one or two. A couple of honkeys.
Hillary Clinton says reporters not her campaign uncovered evidence of democratic rival Barack Obama's sharing lies, speech lies, with Massachusetts governor DeVal Patrick.
She made the claim Tuesday despite the fact that her campaign posted video clips on you,
to cheer illustrating similarities in the speeches and to suggest it in several instances that the share lines amount to plagiarism.
The spin.
It's not us making this charges. The media Clinton told Honolulu TV station K.I. TV Tuesday.
The media is finally examining my opponent, which I think is important.
We're trying to pick a president, someone for the toughest job in the world.
She added, I think the media is going to be putting forth whatever facts and information that it has for voters to assess on their own.
And by the way, in Hawaii, she lost 76 to 24%.
Nice going, swelter-ray baby.
In an interview with another Honolulu station K.G.M.V., she noted that Obama and Patrick share our strategist David Axelrod, who apparently is putting words in both of their mouths.
She added, I think that's a serious concern.
Fact check. Going to RAW's story.
It's pretty raw.
Any suggestion that the story had a life of its own apart from the Clinton campaign is disingenuous, in other words a big freaking lie.
The Associated Press, the Boston Globe and other news organizations have reported on instances in which Obama used some of Patrick's speech lines, often without attribution.
In the latest example from a Democratic Party dinner Saturday night in Milwaukee, Obama repeated almost word for word, part of a speech-packer gave in 2006, extoning the importance of powerful oratory and politics.
This was to rebut Clinton's charge that rhetoric is less important than results.
The New York Times reported the speech similarities Monday, having looked at them the day before, the story said the similarities were highlighted by a rival campaign
that didn't want to be identified. The common lines were not characterized as plagiarism in the story.
Patrick, a friend and supporter of Obama, said he encouraged the candidate last week to respond to Clinton's criticism above his rhetoric as he's done before.
He said he shared lines from his 2006 campaign for governor, with Obama's speech writers and wanted no credit because the two men often swap ideas.
The Clinton campaign jumped on the matter. They hopped on it, man. You know those Clintons, they're hopping on anything that moves.
Clinton Communications director Howard Wilson held an hour-long conference called about him Monday and repeated many of the charges during another called Tuesday and some buffoons on TV like your hero Lou Dobbs on CNN, fell forward, hooked line and stinker, man.
He was carrying on, bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, I go and on like, like, rumor.
Senator Obama is running on the strength of his rhetoric and the strength of his promises and as we've seen the last couple of days, he's breaking his promises and his rhetoric isn't his own Wilson to report his Monday.
He added, raises questions about the premise of his candidacy.
And Clinton told reporters Monday night, if your whole candidacy is about words, those words should be your own. That's what I think. Well, guess somebody, Hillary, we don't care. We don't care what you think.
Obama spoke to him, Hill Burton said, Senator Clinton knows for a weather that our campaign held a conference call with reporters, defend these flames, and the fact that she suggested our campaign and nothing to do with it is exactly the kind of evasive tactic that voters are rejecting overwhelmingly kicking you a nasty, isolated ass honey.
Obama said Monday he wished he credited Patrick, he noted Clinton occasionally is used line similar to his in her speeches.
Oh, there's racing in the snow at Laurel. Up the back stretch, there on about six for longs to go now and he ever been in a bonita, talking along with two and a half lengthed men from County and from the most recent.
There's a third spot in the length of the half, then you can motion death.
There are more than seven lengths to make up and greener pastures and scoring high is last of them all less than five days to run.
Maria, bonita and chip fan assholes still out there. Now do you like chip fan what? Asshole. I see. How could that happen again? The chances of that on a scale of one in a billion, one in a billion. Right? Right? How could we have two assholes in the same day?
After Maria, bonita into the fire. I guess when Jackson, the torque coming, it will be from County, later, magic in motion to sorrow, me, then Deborah Ella. Midway point of the final turn.
I think we ought to get horse racing intensive matter. You become a degenerate track man. You're getting almost old enough when you get to be ready.
You go down in the finish line. You got to start training. You got to start training sometime. That's right.
These people didn't just, you know, they weren't born old and knowing about horse racing. Transport to the whip shifting about just a bit. Magic in motion, magic in motion now into the second spot. County, later, miss faltering in the final for a long. There's Maria, bonita, Maria, bonita all out from magic in motion.
Magic in motion trying to nail Maria, bonita, magic in motion and Craig, gives magic in motion, going to nail Maria, bonita.
You got it? You got the track. You got the track. You got the triple, you got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got
The track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got the track. You got
When you left on the way to the free bath,
When you're already finished with the food we eat,
That you just didn't take,
Who won't ever give me credit?
Hard brownie,
That you already ate,
A no-stornest sign,
A lovelty break,
It's like 10,000 joints,
When all you need is a light,
It's like having the feel of your dreams,
And then finally I can start to end the life,
And isn't it the chronic?
Don't you think?
Absolutely.
A little too much chronic,
Yeah, I really do think,
It's like 10,000,
When you left on the way to free bath,
When you're already finished with the food we eat,
That you won't ever give me credit.
That you just didn't take,
And each of you won the five cents in the first week.
You can have a sit in that Friday,
You want to go one to five,
Let me tell you that right now,
Two 20, two 10,
Okay.
I mean you won 20 cents for two dollars?
No, I don't.
Two 20 for you two bucks,
No thank you.
And then say, oh I'm a winner, I won.
That's a very even beginning on the outside,
The one I love is there along with the same thing.
Anyway, it's 118,
Georgia is becoming big in horse racing,
So, exactly.
I hear a lot of horse racing stuff on the show from now on,
Especially when Georgia's on.
There's Bobby Org.
There's Bobby Org.
On Least TV.
I wonder what Bobby Org is doing on Least TV.
I'll take her to Least, no,
But they wish he did.
Right now is the matter of fact.
Suit him up, man.
At least speak Columbus 3-1.
Jeff Rimmers Columbus,
Straight Check, it's last night right here at the American,
Whatever it is.
What is it?
What is it?
The Air Canvas, and wow.
What a stupid mentor player.
Well, you know Air Care,
Oh, they're all stupid anymore.
What do you mean by that?
They're all named after corporations, no.
Yeah, that's right.
Everything is corporate.
And now, now they're talking about putting names and sponsors
on uniforms in the NHL.
Yeah.
Here's uniform.
The way of the world, baby.
Pretty soon they're going to be putting ads on Air.
Correct.
That's right.
Well, maybe some of the guys will be moaning the crowd.
How are Clinton's campaign maybe focusing its attacks on Senator Barack Obama
by suggesting that the candidate is plagiarizing his speeches?
But to the media, another issue may be just as important.
The strongwaces supporters that Obama has built up in the course of his campaign.
And many press outlets him convinced that Obama's following his
less of a movement and more like a cult.
Oh, my God.
And he liked that.
I thought a cult was like a small group of people.
In that necessarily.
In case you missed it, he's 14 points ahead of the bitch.
I mean, of his salary, a nationwide, now the brand new pool just came up this morning.
52-38 nationwide.
And pulling away like that, that 1-5 shot.
A Tuesday night broadcast on ABC's news nightline offered an example of behavior implied
might be cult like.
Show host Terri Moran started.
Remember Colonel Moran on that, what was that Sherlock Holmes movie?
Terror by night?
The voice of Terri.
No, that was the one about World War II.
This was the one on the train.
Sorry.
A must-.
Colonel Moran with a mustache?
So a hundred years ago then.
It was Dr. Watson's buddy from back in the day, you know.
That's right with that?
Nope.
Show host Terri Moran started out to be poor calling Obama's base a massive and fervent following.
Correspondent David Wreckton referred to the supporters as a congregation and proceeded to compare Obama events to
Roost-Bringstein concerts and Obama's star power that exerted by the Beatles or Hannah Montana.
And when I see Barack Obama, I think of Hannah Montana, don't you?
All the time.
And after some clips from Obama's various campaign appearances, the interview at LA Times com is Joel Stein
on how the senators followers are like a cult.
It's a happy cult.
It's kind of like a grateful dead show, except better-looking people.
It smells a little less than he plays better music stone argues.
If you have to join a cult, this is not a bad one to join.
Nightline has been alone advancing this theme.
Last Friday, CNN's anxious Wolf Blitzkrieg also intoned that Obama's supporters might be a little too passionate.
Correspondent Carol Castello started out her reports suggesting that critics of Obama believe he started a cult of personality.
Some humorists have had fun with his suggestion that Obama's bases cult like
Longcats, Ken Lane has joked that Obama is a witch doctor, where his ability to hypnotize young voters.
You got David Sevilla, a witch doctor?
Ooh, ooh, ooh, I got it.
Ting-tang, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
I'm sorry, I apologize that George talked me into it, and that's because George has got a soft spot for Charlie B. That's right here. Because George is too lazy to do the pull. What does he have a soft spot? And so as a result, I don't want to see your soft spot or your hard spot or your lukewarm spot. Let me look at my, oh yeah, passport, we did the passport pull. Oh, here we go, I found it. What's your favorite sandwich, filler? Let's talk about that for four hours tomorrow. Let's make a life baby.
I guess not. What's your favorite sandwich, you're right, I'm on my way. I'm on my journey. What a man. Later. It's day.
Now 5.60 W. U.A.M presents the Q.A.M. Road Group. He's calling the rest of the crew. Visiting hours are 12 to 3 p.m. on Sunday for time visits for to 6 p.m. on leave here. Now here's D. Paul and the Q.A.M. Road Group.
I'm sorry I can't get to your calls right now. I'm a little busy picking up this trash here in the side of the road.
Will you talk into D. Paul? Oh, just maintaining a little dignity here. That's what everybody loves about you D. Paul. Start looking busy. Here comes the screw.
Hey, we ain't running our social club here. Get back to work. Get back to work.
What? What? What? What? You know, it seems what we have here is a failure to communicate. I know I saw that too.
Listen up, D. Paul. Listen up. Just today you may have been a big shot, but today you're my bitch. Now look up the road. Now look down the road.
Here he comes coming. You're a big sport fan right? You know I'm good. Here. Have a think so far. Okay. Hurry. Fast. Fast. Come on fast.
Yeah. Yeah. Bye bye bye.
Hey.
The biggest names of this talent.
How about that?
And your home for Miami Dolphins football.
Sports radio. 5, 6.
And will you QAM?
I am in a lot of days.
Yeah. Look.
