You're the one who's gonna be you
And you're the one who's gonna be you
And you're the one who's gonna be you
And you're the one who's gonna be you
Who's gonna be you
Yes sir, yes
I didn't want to get that
I wanted to talk to you about that
Biggest about large and both
If you'd cost about earlier
About what?
Biggest cars and both
And we're talking about bridges over the
Causeway not the ones in your mouth
I don't have any of my friends
Okay
Okay, yeah, calm down sir
Take it easy, man
Put it regulated by the United
Coral of the Union
That can't you
No
Well it is, all bridges over
Now look at the blue water way
If I knew that, I wouldn't have been asking, sir
But that, I said if I knew the answer to the question
I wouldn't have asked it in the first place
Okay, well all I'm saying, sir, is that the United States Coral of Engineers
Are the ones that regulate bridges over Navable Waterways
Over one?
Navable Waterways
Yes sir, okay
Okay, yeah
So it's up to them to decide what time the bridges should not be open
To the marine traffic
Yes
And what time should they not be open to marine traffic, sir?
I'm telling you that they come up with the times
Well what is the time?
I believe it's that rush hour times, sir
That they are not open to marine traffic
Under the mat they are open to marine traffic
So in other words any slump with a boat can come along and back up traffic for two months
I'm absolutely correct sir
Well what kind of a communist bunch of crappers there?
That is not a communist bunch of crappers there
Sounds like some kind of the end of the thought that this county pinko was...
It was a big deal for one boat
Wait, exactly
The boat is going to stop the 5,000 cars
Is that it?
No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jack as in his boat
I think that's what they ought to do
Thank you, but I know you're a large mess because you sure don't
That's right
I suppose you want the damn biggest close to both sides that get a heart and two
I want the bridges closed period
Okay, I want them closed, I want the bridge tent to go home and watch an MTV and get the hell out of our lives
Get out of my way!
I want those bridges closed, let them use the junior tunnel, okay?
Get out of my way!
Let them use them a perfect cause, man
I think they ought to go out of the George Washington bridge and jump all of the bridge tenters
How do you like that, sir?
Well I don't know about you, but you shot like some stupid idiot
Did you see all readings from the west?
Book them
Yeah, I know who's supposed to be in it
What's your back, sir?
When you won't wait for no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more
Go, go, go, go, go
I got enough, I gotta think about it, I'm getting ready
And then I don't need a rating that's a minus eight
Don't care what you do, don't care the sun does snort you've got a weight a little harder on the guest you've got
A roast you've got the gold
There's a lot of fat producers here now
That's right, what's your back, sir?
When you won't wait for no more, no more, no, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more, no more
Like you've got a fat, sir?
When you won't wait for no more, no more
Oh, grudd, oh, that's what I don't understand
How you can eat from a trot while you're in both ends
Yeah, thanks, that's what you made a rating score
You just might click and it's all you are for
And straighten your fat ass out
Oh, I think the food outta you accounts
That's right, I should have a taste
I'm happy Friday, February 29th. It's really March 1st, but it's Leapier. You know, Chris made a very astute point before the show
That is it had had an up in Leapier. We could really be celebrating the 32nd anniversary on the 1st March
Or we could come in tomorrow morning and do another show, but I don't think so. That's good
The real deal we got on tomorrow and then we got the big Ola on tomorrow 10 to 130. Well, people are really awake. That is scary, isn't it?
Maybe that's not the or it's just his Orlando. Maybe that's the older Orlando
I
should remember him. Oh my goodness
Remember him. Oh, God. Yeah, you remember him. Yes. Oh, I would admit it
Okay, before we get these activities and by the way, thanks Joe Bell came in and clearance came in and muff came in and PD Lenny
was sucking around which is not unusual and
And what's his name?
Cordis Josh Cordis came in who is responsible by the way if you click on wqam.com
What is it wqm.com for that old picture me with those stick copado glasses I wore very briefly
How to wear those no more, but you know, I don't have any new pictures. So I'll send you one
Good
In fact, I'll send you that new picture at the same time I send to the autographed pictures that after you've been
The same picture. I don't know. It's got the same glasses
Your Charles Nelson Riley glasses. No, they're not Charles Nelson. They're not even though
How do you know John John? No, they're just stick copado their Gilbert glasses
Ha ha ha ha
How old were you when you first engaged in oral sex? That was our poll question yesterday
We had a 1029 votes. That's why we got the new poll up there already in honor of the anniversary show that makes them sense
19 up 391
16 to 18 25 13 to 15 173 12 years old and under 83 my god 8% started the annual sex
Business when they were under the 12 and under I don't know you believe that yeah
How to front he used to say I was eight before the 7 and never have
47 or you just took the wind bread out of my style
Can you believe that can you even believe he said a that's what the guys would even said it well he did much less thought it
God
Gross grotesque
Is the schedule for today. It's wrong. It says Georgia Gulf Stream. Well of course we know Georgia isn't it Gulf Streams
Yeah, they're still confused about that. But parents can't why he just has
It's just when I'm starting to study that was right morning head or land with the NFL combine the combines over with already
But you know, parents has got some issues like you like one of them I have no like that
The jerk show from two to four mad dog for the seven then now is this right you have them a baseball seven o'clock
You have them slower down. Oh sure. That's right because you know it sports. Oh, then the VHU after you and baseball
96 votes on the pool which station you worked on did you enjoy the most actually I didn't word that properly
But they know what I mean don't they sure
On which station did you enjoy this show the most is nothing I should have ordered it but I did it
She's not gonna change it. Don't change it Eric
WIOD is kicking big fat ass baby
44 out of the first 96 votes almost half 46%
Only you've listened on the QAM 23
Zeta 16 that's what I voted for don't have a right to vote sure
I mean after all it's my show
Which show did I enjoy the most it was like uh this where is it
Oh
Okay, that's enough that anyway. I wish I had some I would be uh stuff from the news show we did on there
But there is no right well we're gonna got some what they've changed from the IOD we do yeah, let's play one
No, let's not play those oh they're good. They got all kind of rich colorful language in them funny bits. Yeah
That's what I'm gonna play though. Yeah, WIOD 51 only this not QM 23 Zeta 16. Well, that's a shocker QAM only eight
Wow
Don't like any of them for well. Thank you so much see that's that's the new business. That's why put it on there is a viable choice
Don't like any of those we don't just don't like you and I like the show
But we like to get out of your website needle you know here's the needle
Yeah
I don't care WNWS 3 back in the old topical guest days baby those with the days
Here's Ernie Sochin talking about socks and doing bio rhythms
Here's my good friend dr. Marvin done Dr. Dunne. I've got blue lips. Stock to done. What can I do with my blue lips
WKAT 3 and WNZ1 for KAT 3 that goes back a long long ways
Can you believe that that's 76 77 those two years
Those are the odd two years the 30 plus those of the two thanks again
Siddler Ben and Siddler want to got me my start here in this market in his golfers taking place
Make me a lot of money not on that station, but in the long run
You think out of sentiment check. I think he's doing okay. Son of a car. Hope he's still
Alive sentiment e-card. Let's take some calls today. Give people calling in happy 30 second anniversary
Or happy birthday. No, I'm not gonna do that. A whole bunch of people on my space at least 20
We have 5,120 my space friends on the show my space page
Yeah, I just said I heard it
1520 20 have said happy anniversary or happy birthday. We're still on the go. That's almost what we should
What? 30 second birthday. What I said that's almost 1%
Yeah, it's pretty weak
Then we didn't we go through this before and some other thing about the my space crowd
Those people aren't listening. There's most of them are listening to the show the ones who have said happy anniversary
Listen for 15 years 20 years. They're like real neilies, you know and right to the my space people are just a bunch of
I have no idea what you would call them. What were you calling?
Internet groupies short what are?
Cling on somebody died by the way
Yeah
Dave Clark five lead singer Mike Smith died of pneumonia yesterday less than two weeks before the band will be inducted in the rock and roll
Hall of Famie was 64 that's bad
He couldn't hang on for another two weeks till they got into the rock and roll hall of Famie. That's him Dave Clark five coming up
Mike Smith died less than two weeks now. It says that twice on here
Who wrote this?
You
I
But actually the best version of that is by Chris Pinner. I like it. Here we go
Good time to the hospital outside a London is agent Argo
The city was living in the intensive care unit Wednesday morning with attention
A complications in a spinal cord and he lived in paralyzed below the lift page with limited use of his upper body
The was said he was injured when he fell from a friend to his home in Spain in September 2003
Smith wrote songs as well as singing and playing keyboards as they've talked five on a made British rock act
Who's music swept across the US in the 60s during the so-called British invasion
The Beatles are the best remembered course
But at the time that they've caught five posed the strongest threat commercial and critically to their preamums
I did Clark five pinned the string U.S. It's a pudding because bad all over
I like it like that by 1966 the bad it made 12 appearances on the Ed Solomon show then a record for any British group
The groups and it's were captured in John Bournemont 1965 documentary catches if you can
Which followed Smith and his dad made sitting with city of Bristol
While the group which woke up in 70 was named after him Dave Clark himself was the drummer
What you find out unusual? No
For what other group can you think of where the group is named after the drummer?
Lee Woodenback
And I think I'm done
The group is gonna be invented in the rock and roll a hollow fame on March 10th and ceremony
Louis said Smith was gonna try to address maybe they can ship his body there with my anniversary show and not more technical hijinks
Oh, yeah, it just turned off
The audio vault shut off
Uh-huh
Like yesterday again, but that's the first spot on the break and I started a break later than usual because we had the Dave Clark five by died
Yeah, yeah
Yeah
Now back to the Neil Rogers program on 1240 WGVA
Here again, America's youngest talk show host six-year-old Neil Rogers
Okay, I guess we're done to Neil and there's four minutes left in the hour
Who speaks and calls only hello
Great
The good old DNC what in abortion that paper is
Tell me how many other people did likewise and they said no my business
Yeah, we're a little nicer there
Okay, well, I just spotted what you know
You're a fun American have a nice life. Hello. Hello. I want to speak to Neil you got him
Am I on
Yeah
Yeah
Neil you're a stinky pink on grease niff and fed water at a pansey
Break all this is so far. Did he say pansy?
Let me get off
Mon brine I run my bike 30 miles every Saturday to do this show and this guy calls me names
She's on you so shame on you by the way have you seen some of those bad boys at the new AMP?
Now what are you
For Jesus the world and they stick me in here with them
Shut up, my god
Jimmy
Neil
You're supposed to be such a nice boy
And now you're for a couple yeah, but you can't share it off. You can't share it off
I don't need this
It's office from other stations
Petavia
Fredonia
But instead I stay here and entertain you grotesque
Sub-suit
Food bag
Unbelievable
Jimmy the hell
Oh, is this Neil Rogers what kind of phone are you on sir?
How bad again? Do you have a dial phone or what?
No, I have to put it to the operator
Let's look into that hey, I was listening to Joey Reynolds on WKBW last night
Somebody asked you did you hear what he's been saying about you? No, I don't listen anymore. He's a daughtering old man
He claims he's only 40 yeah right and do we be true and true
And
If you think he's bad now
Okay, let me come back maybe the egg will come out of this shell
But I hope not well we're sure get a whole bunch of me in my space now another day embarrassed them now
They realize well, I guess they probably didn't realize today was my 30 second anniversary
It really isn't tomorrow is March 1 March 1 1976 and WKAT
1360 on the dial catch the cat baby
With Craig Worthing and
So what's his name swifty shinry died? I thought I never heard him anybody call him swifty shinry earth shinry
And surely spelled up heard and Lynn Russell who's now on Canadian the news or something
And Jim Alton who's dead and sunny a herch who's dead and Joe freed who I'm sure must be dead. I really don't know if Joe
Freedom's dead or not
Dead or all that Joe free he was a news director. He was a very in fact
Siddler than wanted Joe to think like he was a big shot
So he before he officially hired me. He had me have breakfast with Joe freed
At some diner in halemdale. Oh my god. The average aid would death
There were actually like sarcophagus's lined up with the chairs was incredible. I think it's our coffee guy
sarcophagi. Yeah, yeah, that's what it looked like some kind of sarcophagi
And then they found out it was a sarcophagi. Yeah, yeah, at any rate
So that's where I started 76 77 and then did Casper also dead rest in peace. What a great guy
He was he was a good friend and a great boss and a real radio person a radio person. Oh my goodness man
Oh my god. Yeah, not too many of those in this market or any market really just a lot of glorified sales people
But anyway did Casper hired me a Charlie Krapus a capis. He's also dead
Call me and say oh, we'd like to have you do a night's meal and of course at that point they were just going on the air
It used to be WFU in 790
Have you remembered WFU enters that before your time before my time
Oh the down down for 100 oh my god. The sky is falling with those down 200 already not good
Those are all good good colors who's got those now. I don't think anybody. Well, they were too good
Like
So anyway WFU and used to be the other rock and roll station at a pop music station
It was QAM and WFU and they had like 99% of the audience because back in that day there was like FM
FM played like classical music. You know nobody had no FM right
And then the discovered what anybody want to listen to music on AM when it's on time with
I can stereo right
PR Ralph and Irish wife saying that the faxes are re-pouring in not here's one
You think they're gonna pour in we had those two from Toronto yesterday my friend Ken and Tobico
You'll see John and Toronto what you'll see it. You know. It's Friday everybody's for nothing
Get out of here the faxes aren't gonna come pouring in. What are you talking about?
Says me listening to you for the past 19 years have been fun. Hope to get more from you
You're not getting anymore from me sweetheart
Congratulations and happy anniversary, but you need to be on FM well. I had my shot on FM
You know like so also I had my chance
PR Ralph and Irish wife standing. Thank you, guys
Thanks to Joe wasn't zesh for up peeing all over my leg this morning too and
Joe Bell and Clarence came in the
Hope that you have any more years around here. I am near
Much we do salary, but that's okay. I understand times are getting tough
Okay, and we're going into a recession PD Lenny was going on about how everybody's out of business and not just for closing out
But also on business people and oh my god every place he goes to try to sell as soon as they see PD Lenny
They put a sign on the door out of business closed forever
Q so persempra and never see it again
I think that's personal with PD Lenny or I think it's just
Times are tough times your tough baby like how are they all said? That's right. I have to take times are tough
Now let me see the gas price. Let me see how oil is doing oil 101.87
Almost 102 bucks a barrel nish good
The S&P's down 23 the vows down 217 the Nasdaq down over 41 point nish good baby
I could go on there and see what the American dollar is doing you want to look at that and then you get oh you look at us
Yeah, look at this. Do you notice that silly our Canadian guy with a mustache?
Well, that silly handle bar mustache. I can't think of what his name is. He's a goofball
He's a Canadian guy and they put him on CNN for while an American people said are you kidding us with this
oil 101.86 almost 102 dollars a barrel
boy
The T.S. X is done. The Toronto Stock Exchange almost 200 void is yeah monkey see monkey do
Gold 9 69.90 sell all your gold now George make her killing. Okay, almost a thousand bucks announced
Let's get Rick Rally on here since we're doing an anniversary show to tell us about fair value fair value
I bet like that you know he can put the stock information
If I think about Rick Rally sometimes makes George want to put but he doesn't mind
Because it'll piss off suds now what what is he then they got nothing to do with each other
They really don't I mean I think they stay in touch, but I'm not sure
Well, what does sud say about him is he is he finally realized that Rick was just using him all those years
I'm not a lot of the Rick got all the money and they just uh
Okay, neither one oh two point fifteen in the euro one fifty one sixty eight not good. Thank you mr. President. Oh my god
I am on the my space so pretty cute. It's Friday you
I forget what it was but it was cute. What was it?
I don't know. It was something. Yes, it was cute
about
so
Li kor
I'm not gonna run and run, they're gonna work for Paxas
And that's what matter of Paxas
They're gonna work for Paxas
You're fair, but Neil ain't changing his act
Paxas is born again Christian
Paxas is he can be
He wants to change the stations, letters
WGOD now will work for Paxas
Neil God
Paxas is a brand new car
Paxas is a country of gone
One for Paxas
Paxas make the sign of a cross
Oh, buddy bodies
In the news again, him and John McCain
And they're both insane and that's the way it goes
Everybody but Paxas, he still owes me from a WYMD in Sarasota
From 1973, he lied about that
He said, oh no, I don't think you ever worked for me
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yeah, I just made it up
But remember that that was if that's the big meeting we had then they
Across the street there, we had a...
I remember all running around trying to find where that big meeting room was
Across the street, there were a bunch of doctors off
Isn't that what he has really pilled back your head as well?
That was where he was, that's right, and that Thai restaurant that we used to get food from
No, that was further down the street
Okay, it was down the street and people used to have to go pick it up for us
That's right, Tony, tight... no, not Thai Tommy
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Thai one on
Yeah, they used to bring me that some young guy
Alex says, hi Neil, happy 32 years, you've been entertaining me the past 17 years
I've enjoyed every minute of it, so congrats and hope for many more
Thanks, Alex, and the price is right too, by the way, free entertainment
In fact, that's my new contractor, QAM, free, I'm gonna work for nothing
But nevertheless, they won't keep me around
You were witnessed right there when Jolly Joe said, I hope many more years on QAM, remember that?
Yep
He said, we don't want to pay it, but that's all right, I think I might just go for it, you know?
I just might do it
I'm gonna, like, string them along, I don't know, what do you think?
I'll be good here, are you in Baldy?
See, he's gonna put that in there
Right
Now, normal, of course, in his usual in-app job is like, oh, he's ordering cheeseburgers normal, you know, with the drive-through bits
Here's the thing, this is shocking, happy anniversary facts from Carnival Cruise Lines
Now, is Carnival Cruise Lines like a person? What does that mean?
I'm sure they're using the Carnival Cruise Lines letterhead, and then the person who works there is the one that's wishing to come
The person who works there, I guess, doesn't realize that I hate Carnival Cruise Lines, isn't that Mickey Irison?
Don't blame them, they need his name, I don't know, yes?
Well, I hate him, despise him
That doesn't mean you have to hate that person
He needed a Viny, that a Viny, that a Viny, that like they needed a Lachon Club
And that's what they say in China, ducked us, they need a Lachon Club, that's right
Oh, another facts, oh, I better stack up that facts
Big fan Phil says happy 30-second anniversary, congratulations, and many more years
This is pretty moving, you know, I'm almost moved to tears
Really not? No, a lot of things about this station almost moved me to tears
Like the audio ball crashing every day, and like the fact that this morning there was no audio feed coming here
Because some stupid board-up, saw somebody did something, I don't know
Somebody had shut the pot
And in George got a hold of it, and I was in the van
We got a whole bunch of of them ice faces on there now that I, well, they didn't know, they didn't know
That's right, because the PR, I like the fact that we got those nice rejoins
Thank you so much for that, and Joe Rose of course, peeing all over my leg
You know, Joe's a big fan of mine, did you know that? Of course I did
We have this mutual admiration society
I mean, I'm not that crazy about it, singing, I'll be honest with him, but hey now
Can you do better? When they screwed him over the previous time, not the first time, but the second time
And he was doing a great job and everyone decided, oh let's put Stern on the air
Okay, and see if we really can't lose the license now
At that point I was not a happy camper, I thought what is wrong with you?
Joe Rose is doing just fine
Never ever go with success, in other words never rest
Always keep pocking around and moving stuff around and changing
That's my slogan, that's the radio slogan, mess with success
That's what almost all radio management does, mess with success
If it's working well, then screw it around
And they do that better than anything else
2012 votes on the new poll on here, you ought to be really tickled to pieces now
Chris, I'm so happy
We had over a thousand on the first one when the show started, so I put the new one on right away
Figuring it ties in with the 32nd anniversary, so anyway, WNWS I was doing eight to midnight
Boy, we had some unbelievable, I grant you, the demographics were very old
But look what market we're talking about, we're talking about old town
Right? Right
But we had like double digit shares at night
I had like 10 and 11 shares and Jerry Wichner from midnight till 5 in the morning
There were some books where he had like 25 and 30 shares
Can you believe that?
About 30, man
I have to remember
That's where I had like, some hours I had like 15 shares
15 shares at night
And people are saying, gee, people used to listen to the radio at night especially AM radio
That's right, nighttime used to be heavy
Back in the day, Alan Courtney was very big, then he croaked
Thank you, by the way, I owe a lot to Alan Courtney for dying at just the right time
Because I inherited most of his nighttime audience
And you know who found out about that?
The first survey that discovered that I had that gigantic number at night
You'll never, you will never guess in a million years
It wasn't arbitraried, it was FPL
Okay?
FPL used to survey their customers
on various things for whatever reason, you know, by mail
Yeah, it would survey like what radio station you listen to or a very, I don't know what it said
You know, but it was like their own survey and they came out with the thing saying, oh near Rogers is taking over where Alan Courtney left off
And he's demolishing the market at night
And I was kicking ass
I don't have a mando conno by who did that?
More of the theme for more?
K-Winding
What a memory
That used to be my theme song
Yeah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, yeah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah,
always delivered the performance you'd expect from a New Yorker.
And now Chrysler introduces an onboard microprocessor which even speaks to you just like a New Yorker.
Hey, more Ron, you want to put on your f***ing seatbelt?
Would you rather eat the steering wheel, Ed?
Ah, yes.
This is truly a New Yorker.
Hey, genius, you let the g***** head lights on, geez.
You're one dumbass.
And for the most dangerous city in the world, a security system second to none.
Hey, bagel braids, you want to lock the f***ing door?
Or maybe you should put a f*** inside the f***ing window, sis, rip me off.
Yes, the Chrysler New Yorker.
If you can find a better luxury car, buy it.
Ah, buy it, it's d*****, I got your luxury right here.
1046 at 560 WDQM are 30 second anniversary show and the faxes are pounding in man.
That thing is grinding back there, that machine is grinding.
Coffee.
Well, the reason I just played that, Joe says, I've been listening since around 1990 and thanks to you,
my atheist beliefs and I'm beliefs have been reinforced during that time.
Elca!
The book of Brian Vitz have always been a highlight of the show, but my all-time favorite is the Chrysler New Yorker with Ricardo Montelblond.
That's why I just played it.
Also, I know I'm stating the obvious, but Jennifer Rem is one cool lady.
I wish we knew what was going on with her.
Happy anniversary in George's O.K. says Joe.
Well, thanks Joe.
Okay, thanks Joe.
Okay, thanks Joe.
Take your watch for all his great work on the show for a thousand years.
Thanks Pops.
You just keep plugging away.
Dog says, Happy anniversary having a faithfulist who since the Zaytadays and was a regular caller,
but not a chronic during the good old WIOD days.
Doug from Hebron.
Thank you from the team.
Don King, General Sales Manager at my Amelican Mercury.
Yes, you can.
Love the show and hope you keep going another 32 years.
Love you dog.
Thank you Doug.
I'm trying to write like a little, you know, the people that are sending comments for me to approve,
to put up on the thing, I'm not, you know, what am I going to say to those?
You can't reply to a comment, you know what I mean?
Yeah, people are sending like, you can't be as risky in the business thing of the years.
I'm trying to send everybody back like a little note.
Thanks a lot to Mark or JJ or whatever, whoever you are.
Yes, you can reply to comments.
You want?
Yes, you can.
I know you can.
But you know what?
I don't know.
It's just too much, man.
I'm working.
This is too much like work.
I'm trying to tap out a little something.
God forbid.
I'm doing my best.
What?
God forbid what?
They should be caught doing any work.
We're not here, right?
That's correct.
We're here to eat free food.
I have finally caught on for a lot of years.
Boy, look at how long this one is.
Ray Lewis says, congratulations on 30 years of keeping South Florida entertained.
Well, this is from Rooney Dodge.
Remember we get all these faxes we used to anyway from Rooney Dodge all the time?
Isn't that where our Kimba Bull camp were used to be?
I don't think he's there anymore, though.
Is he?
No, I don't know.
I don't think he's officially here anymore.
I asked that to a Greg diva then he got up and ran out of the room when Chris wasn't there.
He got up and ran out.
I just mentioned Kimba Bull camp where he got up and started showing things and ran out the door.
Remember that?
Yep.
Chris would have been amused.
Okay, so I remember way back when Manille did the mating and dating show meetings.
That was WS News, baby.
WMW asked the mating and dating show.
A whole bunch of people got married from that.
Don't blame me.
I have a friend that actually hooked up with a real skank for a few dates from that show.
Obviously one date wasn't enough for him.
Ha ha ha ha.
Oh, right.
I remember the Nealis Dry Spell between WIOD and WQA and what a boring time for South Florida.
I went a great time for me those seven months.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you, buddy, Bud Paxon.
Always like that, buddy, Bud.
Man.
Remember that place?
Of course.
That was a strange place.
P.G. Bolder was there and Rhonda Fink, Wolf.
It says from Ray in honor of 30 years.
I'd like to request his adrift you in all of South Florida, maybe all the mankind, that
Joyce finds the highest building on the West Coast and throw ourselves off.
It wouldn't be a happy anniversary.
Yes, it would, Ray.
Congratulations again.
He says, thank you so much, Ray.
And all our good friends at Rooney, whoever they are.
Well, they never put any name on it.
You know, that's the first time we've ever had a name from anybody.
Maybe that's who sends us all the facts, is more of it.
If you're in Kimibou camp, I better not say that or Greg the board apple start.
He even stuff in a hallway again.
He gets psychotic when I just mention that name.
Really?
I just can't blame him.
Hey, Kimba.
Me, Kimba.
Remember her?
Yeah, sure.
Remember the Zeta Day camp?
Um, who was the guy that, uh, with that awful horrible show that used to follow me?
Chef Gonser.
Chef Gonser with Gonser's Grill.
Oh my God.
What a, what a memory.
Gonser's Grill.
What is the grill?
He was, uh, bad.
He was bad guy.
I'm not a bad guy.
No, he's a good guy, but bad on the ear.
Now, well, that's a good question.
What would you rather have somebody who's a good guy and sucks on the ear or somebody who's, uh,
bad guy and is good on the ear?
I think it's a good question.
This is the real facts that I'm about to send you.
They need to do a better job.
You, you might be able to read it.
Why is that?
Because it's bad execution of a, yeah, it's bad execution of a, thanks.
Bad execution.
Oh, I've heard about those, man.
That's what we ought to do is some of the people in management.
Bad execution.
Put that little thing on their head.
Zzzz.
Oh, you could smell a fat from that.
Anyway, 256 on this pool and the people on my space, you almost think I deserve that they offer something today.
But no, and the week after next, I'm taking a week vacation.
I just, uh, you know, worn everybody now.
Because Georgia be bringing what's your name in from the FM?
What's your name again?
Lucy.
Lucy Lopez.
I, I don't know.
I have no opinion about her one way to that.
I never heard her.
Well, she has a lot of heart attack.
I said, and she's a chick, so you're going to hate her.
Now, why would you say something that assamine?
Why would you hate anybody with a Spanish accent unless they're a mediocre looking young guy?
I hate anybody with a Spanish accent.
Unless they're a mediocre looking young guy.
What do you mean mediocre?
What about if they're a hot looking young guy or mediocre or above?
No.
Now, who's this from?
Glen.
Thank you, Glen.
Oh, it's a comment.
Okay, so you're just a pro of it.
And then I move on.
I don't have time.
Don't you understand?
Here's Maria.
Congrats, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep.
Is it a comment?
Yes, it is.
And I approve it.
Don't you understand?
That's the way to do a click it, click it, click it.
And like that thing says, ticket, ticket, stick it.
Stick it in the ticket.
And place it Wilson, pick it.
Not.
Okay, let's get to the, look, it's almost the other than the clock already.
We haven't gotten to the big radio news yet.
On the day of my daughter's wedding.
Why do you make such comments about I hate any,
any female with a Spanish accent?
You're such a bad.
I didn't say any female.
I said any person with a Spanish accent.
Unless, like my name, I say him in his,
I like to build a neighborhood.
Yeah, but he was, that was a fake Spanish.
And then when you just played there, I mean,
well, I hate that person.
I was a person like him.
That he founded with it.
You thought about over the underpants or under overpants?
Yeah, he found us.
Yeah.
My Julio friend, he's got, not just an accent, but, you know,
yeah, no.
He's got it.
I know.
Like I guess they were driving, was he yesterday or the day before?
Driving.
And he says to me, you want a roll?
And I said, no, we just had lunch.
That's cute.
I'm sorry, I'm a dodging old fool.
I don't know what he's talking about.
Half of the time he's like, you know, no speaking English.
He's offering you, offering you ecstasy.
No, he was not.
Oh, I guess it means something different in Mexico.
Oh, yeah, like look at the stand-ager.
Look at that.
Yeah, that's what I'm going to do.
You can possibly make it up.
You rotten.
Yeah.
Good luck to you.
Love your blank and scratching.
Effing used to be jealous of you, but I've, what does that say?
I've something very, very hard now in wake of that morning.
I don't understand what that is.
How am I supposed to read this?
If you now something like to be kicked into balls, happy anniversary, and some, I can't.
This isn't from stand-ager.
I agree.
I don't believe that it is.
It's said we got a hold of one of those old pictures.
Sure.
W-I-N-Z.
It's probably a Davey Gravy line, no doubt.
What are he's doing?
Davey Gravy line.
Still alive.
I could tell you some interesting stories about him, but I won't.
You already have.
Very poor teeth.
I have no reason.
I don't.
What?
I'll fear you have.
I told you, yes.
There's a whole bunch of people in this business architecture.
It's amazing.
But then again, of course, Buddy Nevin's might be listening.
And he write a big article in me if they ever brought him back for one minute to the sun,
and said, oh, all these perverts and radio, yeah.
Buddy, you're an idiot, man.
You're an idiot.
I think he's smart.
Davey Gravy line.
Take a bath, Buddy Nevin's.
You little slime ball, you.
God.
So Barry Jackass and Tom Jekyll both have columns here today about the big, big thing.
Remember that fast we got yesterday that put up job a lot of it?
I guess we'll have the station.
We're going to go all sports.
Let's have 100 all sports stations.
And each of them can have a 0.1 share.
Right?
That's right.
Then it'll add up to a 1.
I think it'll bring more people to sports.
That's what Ray Perry says.
If we had 75,000 sports stations, it'll bring more people to sports talk.
And I think it'll probably bring more people to take their radios and like with a ball,
peen, hammer, and smashing the pieces.
Barry Jackass writes, I'll I better do the break first.
Because I want to go through the whole thing here.
It's very important.
We got D-fo coming back.
Oh my God.
Now there is something I should play.
What?
D-fo and Rimmer.
I have no problem with D-fo, but D-fo is somewhat intimidated.
And it's like laws or...
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Intiminated by what, Jeff?
What do you have that I'm intimidated by?
Well, I don't know.
You've kind of turned red when I come in the studio.
Why would I turn red when you come in here?
Just because I'm looking at a guy that's trying to warm his way on the show.
I'm not learning my way.
I don't want your god.
You know what?
This goes back.
Let's clear the air right now, Jeff, friend.
Yeah, back at the Aller dreams former radio station.
When you came on the air on Neo Roger's show and trashed virtually everybody that worked
at the station, I got the feeling that you were sending a message to Neil and trying to
work your way around going through conventional systems that were about getting a job on
the air that you were saying that I was sandbagged and your chances of getting on the radio.
Absolutely.
And that's what I kept hearing from people that knew you personally.
And instead of saying it to me, you're running around saying, oh, well, this deforces the
reason I'm not getting a job.
No, that's not true.
That's not true.
But anyway, I want to move on.
No, no, no, no.
Are you just going to move on?
Move on.
You're saying I'm jealous of what you're doing and I'm not saying.
What is that?
You're kind of not showing, say that?
No.
I'm what I am saying, though, is this.
I just feel sometimes you kind of get a little uncomfortable.
I'm intimidated by you.
Who wouldn't be uncomfortable with a guy that's trying to stab you in the back?
Oh.
The biggest name.
The best talent for you is Neil Rogers.
I'm the fourth leader.
This is the Neil Rogers, shall we?
Go go go go go go go go go go.
This is your brain.
Go go go go go.
Any question?
Hey, Stan, how's my two grand doing, by the way?
He's been grouped by you.
You're writing since I was a child.
How?
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass hit.
I was till your end.
How?
You're done in your party.
Somebody good enough to throw my piggy pants?
Are you in easy?
I know, cheers, I love it becoming back.
I'm trying to consider a lucrative and complex direct.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted the ground,
why, that's easy.
Who told you all this?
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Ah, oh, you need his mouth.
You're too much.
You've got to do the same.
I said my ratings have bottomed out in this game.
I swear you'll have to read all these things until this game is over.
And we did.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
Oh, you need his mouth.
How did you get the update of what took place just now off the air?
Because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David,
who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and said I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
Listen to 101.5, let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard, maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids
instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday, you can talk all you want,
but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting a big hit on the radio station from everybody else.
But it's over.
Video time.
Bye, Dunn.
It's 11.03 at 5.60 W.Q.
I mean, I heard Joe talking a lot about the anniversary show today and about Mo.
Mo with this and Mo with that.
He really is still hates that man like poison.
Not that everybody else does, but it's just, I think Joe's got a special nasty spot
on his back bone behind for the moment.
Do you think so?
I met it.
Mr. Mo man.
Here's a thanks from slick before we go to the very important columns from Tom Jica and very Jackass.
Slick is always said in his cost to crap.
By the way, am I right?
Yep.
He says happy anniversary.
I'm looking forward for another 32 years of great shows.
It's morning on Joe show in the 9 a.m. break.
WQM played a spot for the family guide.
There's a great big long fart in the ad.
And the character says, gentlemen, that was a fart.
Shame on you, WQM prolonging fart sounds to be played when they're from paying customers, but not allowed as part of a show.
That's discrimination to the Joyce degree.
I'm going to sue all of you now, sis.
Love slick.
Well.
Yes, I'll do your QM rate card.
By the way, it's a 100 bucks extra spot if you put a fart on it.
And, Silman, Evan Turestis.
I want to take a second and set out a very public happy 32nd anniversary.
And also thank you copiously for 17 years of entertainment.
You definitely a bitch, a breath of fresh air and soft water.
Remember doing a good job with that radio station is like wetting your pants in a dark suit.
You get a warm feeling but nobody else notices.
Keep taking the money.
Good point, Anson.
Happy anniversary uncle Neil.
You're the greatest dammit.
Says Anson.
Well, I would agree with that.
Okay, let's get to these very important problems.
Because 600 more sports shows coming on air, including Meefo is coming back.
DeFo, it was all paranoid about Jeff Remmer wants his job.
Neil, I think Jeff wants to talk to you.
DeFo wants to talk to you.
I'll never forget that day at IOD.
I walk, I'm leaving at 2 o'clock, I'm walking on the hallway.
I'm on my way to the parking lot to get in my Corvette and go home and, you know.
And there's DeFo with Bob Green, huh?
Neil, I think DeFo wants to talk to you.
And Bob Green ran, I'm going to say it, even Emmett Smith.
Nobody, EG James.
Nobody's ever run this fast.
As Bob Green ran back down the hall the other way to his office.
So it let me standing there in the hallway with Meefo, who went into this lumbar.
Oh, well, what did I ever do to you?
And, like that, maybe he's the one that I ever do to you guy.
You think?
No.
But that's when he was rammed on about how I wanted my friend Remmer to get his job.
And, which I don't know what he was talking about.
Paranoid, insecure, goofball.
And then there was the day at QAM when I walked outside of my car in a parking lot.
And he was there with Greg Reed.
And he didn't see me coming from behind him.
And he was bad-molting me and talking about how I lost some account at IOD and I did this.
Just stabbing me in the back, DeFo.
But that's okay.
You do really good on that new station, man.
Barry Jackass says, more all sports radio for soft-floated fans.
When 790, the ticket launched three and a half years ago, the question was whether soft-floated could support two all sport radio stations.
And three, if you include ESPN 760 and Palm Beach, which, of course, nobody does, Barry.
The answer was a resounding yes.
Oh, yes.
Like, like that.
But is there a big enough audience for two more?
Probably not.
Unless the owner of the two newest all sport stations doesn't mind the likelihood of meager ratings.
See Barry can't any brains you'd understand that he already has no ratings in this market.
Oh, oh, oh.
So meager ratings would be an improvement for Steve Lapa.
Everything he's got the minus touch and reverse.
Everything he touches turns to cram.
Okay?
Pure unadulterated, brown, nasty.
That's Steve Lapa.
He's the cramp man.
The eight-in-month-a-soft-floating, including Dave Rout and Palm Beach Cutties,
will have more all or nearly all sports radio stations, five, than major pro teams, four.
That is if he include the Panthers in the heat.
And the Marlins.
And the Dolphins.
I think the real number is...
Oh!
Considering the two newcomers to the general carrying mostly national programming,
neither should make a dent in WQMs and the tickets ratings.
James Crystal Radio and boy, what a oxymoron that is.
Confirmed yesterday to launch two all sports stations Monday,
and an effort to confuse listeners will call both of them WFTL,
even though neither of them is the station actually owns the call letters WFTL, which is 850.
I mean, how the hell the FCC will let him get away with that?
I have no idea.
How can you have three radio stations with the same call letters?
I don't know.
One will be called WFTL 645.
Sports can be heard in Palm Beach and Broward,
and at times in parts of date, if the wind is blowing in the right direction, I guess it's what burry means.
The other will be called WFTL 14WESPN,
and can be heard in parts of Broward, especially if you happen to be sitting in the station's parking lot.
Meaning, the last year, the light bulb, 1400.
Normal used to work there.
And Mr. Riegel and Alice Rantell and Craig Worling and all of that crowd.
WFTL 640 now called WMEN.
Oh!
Well, feature mostly syndicated fairly initially, but will add local programming over time,
though the station refused to confirm it, CBS Sportscaster Leslie Visor said,
Detective Forest will do a morning show with Visor joining him on Fridays.
Oh, isn't that a Whistler?
It's a Leslie Visor and Meefow.
Maybe we can get rumor on that show too.
Some hockey talk.
The Forest who's been doing a sports talk show in the market on an off-sense 81.
One is last ratings book for $790 before the station dropped its 5-7M show last year.
One is last ratings book.
The swill that you will write, man, Barry, I'm going to fed it.
You will sell out for 50 cents.
It's all for even less.
30 cents you'd sell out.
He'll face formidable competition in WDQM's Joe Rosen, 790 Sid Rosenberg, Cranstein Schwartz.
Visor said, her CBS duties will limit her to one day a week on 640.
Radio is the only chapter I don't have on my resume.
It's on very excited.
She said, oh, yeah.
We're all excited for you, Leslie.
And like I said, your husband Dick Stockton is bad.
He's bad.
He's taken the money, honey, because he's stuck.
The Forest who does morning sports segments for WFTLA 50 will not take you to 640 on Monday.
Operations manager Ken Polly said, now who is Ken Polly?
Don't tell me that's the Polly man.
Is that the Polly man?
Oh, I don't know.
No.
Well, I don't know.
Honestly.
Don't you remember G4 always had the Polly man on Saturday night?
Yeah, I remember.
I remember.
When he was pouring the station every Saturday for an hour.
Beginning Monday, 640 is line up.
I'll include former ESP and host Dan Pantrick, and I'll be doing a syndicated show from 9
a.m. to noon.
Jim Roam was already on the station from noon to 3, and Fox's Chris Myers be the 7P and
another Fox programming at night.
The station will also carry a FSU football and some basketball.
If I U football and basketball and Yankee games on the weekend, the Marlins broadcast
writes, don't probably Yankee games from being broadcast.
Here's his very, but Tom Jic has got a different sland on it, a different take.
We'll get to that.
We'll get to it, Tom.
Meanwhile, WFTL 1400 will carry ESPN's radio line, if including on weekdays Mike Greenberg
and Mike Gollix, 6 to 10 a.m.
Colin Cowherd, Cowpile, 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Mike Tureko, 1 to 3 p.m.
Spreeman Steven A Smith, 3 to 4 p.m.
And former Marlins first baseman, more testies this strata.
Oh, haven't we been down that road again already?
John Sybel, 4 to 7 p.m. or more testies this strata.
The station will also carry ESPN radio game coverage including baseball and University of South
Florida football.
James Crystal, executive, is a kind of explained by the police software, can support two more
sports stations, but their competitors scoffed at the notion, no shot.
790 station manager Howard Davis said, don't don't don't don't.
Howard David.
There's enough out there with QNN640s, a West Palm Beach station.
They can't compete in the Miami market because buyers won't pay Miami prices for West Palm
Beach station.
I know that I worked at James Crystal before we said.
WQM General Manager Joe Jolly, a fat Astro Bell said, my ESPN640 will do for sports talk
with a 50 does for news talk.
A 50's ratings for its news talk line have been low, says Barry.
You know Barry, you are such a moron man.
You are such a little panty waste.
Low, you can't get any lower than that.
Oh, unless it's got a minus in front of it.
They've been low.
They've got a fight on their hands at both markets, Bill said.
760 does not stand a job in Palm Beach County.
Well, Davis, who station has a marketing partnership with his newspaper, said he will likely
drop 790s affiliation with Fox.
Even though I've carried overnight, I don't want to have to deal with you, so it means nothing
to me.
Just like the guys across the street, they mean nothing to us.
They'll say he's not sure if he'll drop the ESPN radio program overnight.
I'll wait to wait and see if 14 of the still there.
He said, at a boy, Jolly Joe, you give it to Barry.
You ready to face that one?
The best talent here is now, Robert.
Sport radio 560 QAM.
Thanks for its leader.
Sometimes I feel that life is clapping me by.
Oi.
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile.
And I turn on my radio.
It makes me smile like a child.
He'll run just on my radio.
Well, I said in a Perez, what an isolated from the IOD days.
She was a very nice lady.
I wonder if she's still around.
Let's hope.
We used track of the people used to work for and then all of a sudden somebody says, oh, by the way,
do you know dance towards that?
Oh, we're fine.
What, that was a shocker to me.
That just, I don't know.
He was the young guy.
Yeah.
And like Larry Stein, aka Larry Knight.
Years ago, he croaked.
He went to GPS.
Well, that'll teach him nothing to get in touch with me.
I could have kept him alive, but now he's dead.
John Faxxer says, congrats on 32 years long time,
let's go back to the Zeta days.
Let's Florida in 97 after 27 years back in Saratoga,
Springs, New York.
Still catch the show in the night.
Keep Yodam Hellneil.
PS' Hank lost weight.
As Hank lost weight.
Only as wallet.
That was fun.
I don't know.
I don't probably never see the Humper again.
Do you think we'll ever see him again?
I don't know.
Maybe on TV.
Maybe I'll run into a woodline one day.
Maybe he'll be covering some of the race there,
if they ever have another one, which I'm sure they will.
You think?
No.
I'm sure they will.
Although one time, once upon a time, I was in a plane
from here going back, I came up to the weekend.
And Sunday got on a plane.
And there was the, in fact, saw him before the, uh,
got on a plane even.
He was in the airport waiting.
I guess you're going to get on the plane.
You're going to be near port.
And there was the Humper.
And you like that?
All right.
And here's Bill says congrats on 32 years.
I started listening during the SoFar campaign at W.I.N.Z.
So far save our first amendment rights.
That sure turned out pretty good, didn't it?
That didn't go so far, did it?
No.
Then go too far.
Then go far enough.
Believe it or not, it was Sandy Payton who turned me on to you.
He says, oh my God, Bill.
That is really scary.
Sandy Payton, who said,
Have a nice day.
Anyway, she was on W.I.O.D.
bitching about this guy near Rogers for saying she was a daughter
something like that.
Well, I turned over to W.I.N.Z to see what the O'Rages was all about.
And like they say, the rest of the history I'm still listening.
Thanks a lot, Bill.
And Sandy, hope you're in dread, okay, honey?
I hope you have a good time with N.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B.B
You Have Immature and Postula Times
to bring Yankees into the home area of the Marlins.
He said he knew of no such arrangement.
Ken Polly, the Polly man, operations manager WFTL,
said the Yankees had looked into it
and told us we are abiding by the rules.
Right.
PJ Loyal, a Marlins Senior President,
Communications and Broadcasting,
said he's unaware of the Yankees deal,
but WFTL might be able to bring in the Yankees on AM640
because it's licensed to Palm Beach County.
Jim Rome, until now the only regular sports presence
on AM640 with numbers so small,
even the Mount Palomar Telescope couldn't find them.
We'll continue his noon with 3PM slot.
Dan Patrick's indicated,
show off, you see that from 9AM to noon.
Oh no!
Market veteran Jeff D. Forrest,
Mepho will now and now I contribute an AMA 50
will be the anchor of a morning drive program
that's still being formulated.
Oh, that's Steve Lappall right,
nothing formulated.
Gotta beat by the boot, but about.
Leslie Visser and Troy Stratford
respected to be contributors
to the Stage Detroit of Polly.
AM640 will also be the home of Florida Atlantic
and Florida State sports.
Wow!
Sounds like a reawiener of a combination.
The big names on AM4100,
the big names are Mike and Mike in the morning,
the herd with Colin Cowherd,
Mike Turekow and pardon the interruption.
The major league baseball game of the weekend
University of South Florida football will also be scheduled.
The new game plans and more product of the old formats
under achieving than any perceived void of sports talk.
The history of South Florida is that
Stacey's with primarily nationally syndicated talk
do not care as well as those with local hosts
talking about local teams.
In other words, take your syndication
and shove it where the moon don't shine.
Steve Lapis, you idiot, you silly person.
You fairy.
Oh my god, even Norma Kent says you're a silly person.
He says everything you touch turns to Schmidt.
The mightest touch in the world.
Yeah, that's right.
Nasty, gross gooey stuff on your radio.
That's the Steve Lapis for you.
But hey, we got two more sports stations deal, aren't you?
And I don't care about the first two to be honest with you.
I care about 10 to two right here.
So I mean, obviously we want you to listen
to the rest of the station
because there's some very marginal bonus money there
if we get to do well all day long, right?
Right?
And we want you to listen to the big dog
and the mad dog and little dog and the angry dog
and what's his name at night there?
D.A.
Is he on tonight?
Oh yeah, he's on after the baseball game.
Oh, you haven't baseball.
I did that for six years by the way, D.A.
Yeah, we haven't talked about that
for my 32nd anniversary show.
Let's play some old clips from you on baseball.
What?
Don't go.
Don't go.
Oh, gee, don't go to it here.
I got him somewhere.
Who's that?
Why is that?
I mean sarcastic.
No, you're not.
You want to hear some old you and baseball, baby?
What are you doing?
Here he comes.
And Frank Castro, the catcher,
well, he was a good looking kid.
Anyway, 300 and dog shields.
Who else did we have?
Oh, I'm Paul Hunt hammer.
That was my buddy, Hunt,
Huntie, little Huntie.
You know how sports guys
have all got these silly nicknames, you know?
I have noticed.
Razor and the Jaser and Jackson jerks and all,
oh, just 344 hosts on the pool, but that's not too bad.
We started a brand new one there at the 10.
And we got 344 already.
Our goal today is 345 on Neil's 32nd anniversary show.
There's John McCain now,
but a bit of a bit about he's having a town hall meet in Texas.
What station you've worked on?
Did you enjoy the most?
WI would do 176 way ahead of the pack, man.
They're kicking ass.
What?
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Only listen to Neil on QM 75.
Zeta 42, WQM only 19.
Oh my God.
Don't like any of them, 16.
We hate you, Neil.
Okay, thank you.
WNWS7WYNZ5 and WKAT4,
you've got to be death plus 10 to remember that.
WI would be 18.
The best talent you've ever seen.
The most important thing is the way I'm.
The fourth leader.
Oh, what is the Davey Gravy like?
This is Davey.
Hello, Davey.
I'm interested in getting some operations done.
Okay.
And some body contouring and some liposuction.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering if you did some tummy tuck.
And lip augmentation cosmetic vest surgery,
face tip, all of these things.
Mm-hmm.
And I was wondering.
Boys, let's start with.
Well, I need to get everything done.
Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing.
Okay, we don't do that.
No, could you do breast implants though?
Uh, I can't be done, but I know how they would do right.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Mm-hmm.
How much?
Uh, 5,000.
Excellent.
I'd like to have my skin resurface too.
Mm-hmm.
Nalacea surgery.
Mm-hmm.
Have the limbs stop crying yet, mommy?
Excusary?
Don't hurt mommy's little baby.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV.
Okay.
Can you make me look more like a woman?
Well, I'll have to see you first, and then if I'm looking at you,
we can tell you that when we see you.
Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts, mommy?
Uh, if you'd like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
Yes.
Okay, um, there is a $100 consultation fee.
That's fine.
Okay.
Um, my name is Buffalo Bill.
Okay, let me get a little information from you.
Okay, you might not be.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Do you want to come in for a consultation fee?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay.
Would you like to make an appointment?
You want to call me back?
Okay.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand.
I've got my skin suit and your body glistening.
Bill.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
I understand that.
Would you like to.
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Would you like to make an appointment?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Okay, I will talk to you in the time, okay?
It puts the lotion in the basket.
Bill.
Stand Major.
Now a New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
If you've missed the last show, you've missed this.
Well then what the hell is your problem?
Kane is in New York, Bella.
What he was doing here, I don't want to see him back.
I just told you that.
Well then who do you want?
Who do you want?
Do you want Alan first?
No, but I think you want Joey Reynolds.
So what's that?
They want the hell do you want in the air?
Science?
Is that all we have to do?
What do you give me a name?
But is that all?
Who do you want?
Is that all we have to do?
What kind of content do you want during 2 to 6?
I do it.
Here the next Stand Major Show.
This afternoon at 2 on New Stock Radio 610 WIOD.
If you missed the Neil Rogers Show yesterday on 610 WIOD, you missed this.
Is this the bird?
Yeah.
Bird, how you doing?
OK.
Listen, do me a favor play anything because I can't stand listening to you.
You sound like a douchebag.
Do I?
Listen, do me a favor play anything.
Well can I ask you a question before you go?
Oh God, you sound so stupid I hate to talk to you.
Yeah, go ahead.
Why did you call me?
I didn't call you.
I just have to tell you not to say anything.
Just play something.
Oh God, you can't stand it.
Well then why are you listening?
Oh, play something already.
Why won't you answer my...
Oh, I can't stand it.
You won't...
See, he won't talk to me.
Oh, we got a car here.
Oh, it's 1135-565-619.
I think the hysteria is finally calm down now.
Calm down.
No more response to her in the Myspace.
And faxes, I know the serve stock per pleasure.
But now we can eat in peace.
What?
Now we can eat in peace.
What do you eat now?
How is chicken and Marcella from the pizza lot?
Oh, really?
Chicken front say sorry.
There's Marcella in there too.
And Marcella.
Oh, and that makes me very angry.
And makes me very angry because I wish I was there.
And of course, lots of...
Oh, for me!
Yeah, not to see ponies hell, but just to get some free food.
But nevertheless, he's there, huh?
Don't put him on the air.
And about some sausage in your order.
Thanks, yeah.
We have quite a lot of protein.
Of course, we can get some pieces away.
What are you talking about?
I'll be able to get 32 pieces away in honor of your anniversary,
but we don't have any promotions people in the building.
You know, to man the phone.
Oh.
You know, you stand by that lumpkin tree because of the faculty.
You know, as if you were in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, you're in a few days.
You know, they have meetings all the time.
They have to pay them to work there.
And he's still there, rolly-poly.
So you understand they have meetings all the time about nothing?
Yeah, meetings about when they have the next meeting right.
And they have to be there for it pretending to be interested.
Well, there's not a suite.
So we got nobody that could answer the phone.
What about the press?
Why don't we have him?
Because that prize phone is in the other room there.
The prize phone?
Why do we have to do it on the prize phone?
The surprise phone.
Why can't we do it on our phone?
Oh, we could.
Well, why not?
What?
What do you say, Chris?
Okay.
Well, there you go.
I'm sure Chris is probably mind-jerman.
He's probably enjoying it.
Yeah, we have a microwave.
It'll heat up.
Awesome.
He just got to take the...
It'll be a little Christmas.
It'll be a little Christmas.
So how do you want to do it?
Call up, gridman.
You want to give your name and shoe size and we'll...
Yeah, you want to call...
Say something.
Say something.
Let me turn the monitor on.
We have cheese pizza yet.
I can witness it.
Cheese pizza, cheese pizza.
Cheese pizzas.
Don't be asking for a pack of erroneous stuff.
Yeah.
It'll be extra, man.
It'll be like a hundred bucks extra.
Jeff doesn't like people that much.
Yeah, he likes you and he likes me and he likes the...
Oh, wow.
He's a virgin, Chris.
But he doesn't want to like putting that pack of erroneous stuff
like that on there.
Cheese pizza.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing.
It's better to poke the other stuff.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 3.
Chris, 32 people will call you to a free cheese pizza
from the pizza loft in Davie.
All right.
See, he managed to get his...
That's fine.
At least he's given something away to our...
We never get anything to give away.
That's because we're the odd man out because we're not out of the sports thing.
Even at the crap that Joe was talking about a couple weeks ago.
What the hell is the name of that Disney thing?
I don't know.
Yeah, you do.
The Disney thing.
The chick, the Disney chick.
Hannah Montana.
Hannah Montana.
What do we get?
Do we get Hannah Montana stuff to get away on this show?
No.
No.
No.
In fact, when we did that one day, we had some schmink Rick out there in a QM van
giving away tickets for Melaux or something like that.
No.
Even that, we can't afford it anymore.
Well, that's because we got to cut the budget time.
Fones are ringing off-dones.
So just let him keep ringing and Chris will get to you.
Chris is a hell of a guy for volunteering to do this.
I volunteered him.
But nobody in a building can do it.
Well, what's wrong with him?
Lazy turd, you know?
I don't know.
Well, seriously, why do you do this for people?
Why are you so easy?
Oh, I'm always easy.
God.
I mean, a man sits in there, eats tons of free food.
He hits the bar for the hot box.
He's half the time.
Lately, it doesn't work anyway.
Well, you don't keep saying,
what if that person plays one moment?
What?
You know, if that person hates to move.
Yeah, yeah.
Tell me about it.
I don't have to.
375 votes on the point.
You see, everything is slowed down to a crawl.
It's like sex.
You know, there's the four play, the big build up all the excitement, the big, you know,
and then that's it.
Uh-oh.
Miami School of Prize.
And please cover this first unreally student's in Miami.
I think what I know, and that is, apparently according to the local affiliate, there's obviously
been some sort of disturbance at this high school in Miami.
Miami Edison Senior High School.
Now I see some boxes being carried out.
Well, I just don't have a lot of detail here.
But what we do know, obviously, a large police presence there, previous to this video,
we're getting in now, we've seen people who appear to be students being taken from the
school by the school.
Police around Edison High is the herald.
There's reports of handcuffs.
You see there, it looks like that person is handcuffed.
Again, not quite sure what exactly this disturbance is, but clearly a lot of activity at Miami
Edison.
Something going on here.
Maybe we'll be right on top.
But of course, what does it cut to do with sports?
What the hell is this name?
It's a best out of you.
You don't know what it is.
The person that's going to be spying on you.
I'm the sports leader.
Why are you bastard?
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the sports leader.
I'm the running ball.
Don't play with this coin.
He has a lot of kicks that are about to get out.
Look at me.
I know, you know.
Every boy is getting consulting.
I'm the conservative.
I was relaxing so I couldn't run drifting.
I said, the boys are back at town.
The boys are back at town.
The boys are back at town.
The boys are back at town.
The boys are back at town.
The boys are back at town.
I said, the boys are back at town.
Why do you leave?
I've got a whole new sport old pool.
I know everything that's going on in Federals.
Why I even know all the new my shot rules.
I've hit the drive.
You better know what I got tonight.
It's the better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my boys, we'll change.
You little bullies, the boys.
We're going to the boys.
We're going to the boys.
We're going to the boys.
13-year-old knew it at 5.60 W.A.M.
A large disturbance in Miami, at a high school,
after a fight inside the school,
and possible shots fired inside the school,
police and riot here were seen going into the school,
and this is from Channel 10's website, by the way.
Multiple law enforcement agencies have been called to the school,
the rest of the units have been called to the scene.
They've been called to the scene, S-E-E-N.
Yeah, yeah.
This is from the Channel 10 website.
Have been called to the scene, S-E-E-N.
You've seen that?
Oh, I've seen it coming.
Can you believe that?
Of course.
Boy, you're shoving that pizza off who don't even know it.
Why don't we do it with those 32 people?
He's full of taking names.
Still taking names?
I'm going to see lines of a flash, and then they probably are all gone.
How many do you got?
I'm getting one of my nice ones right now.
You're on your ninth?
One is all?
Oh, he's going to be busy.
Oh, my God.
You better get those false flashing again if you want your free cheese pizza
from the pizza log.
5.607.
Oh, excuse me.
5.607.05.60.
Pound 5.60 on the Averizing Singular Rental Slime.
Is this a large cheese pizza or is it a...
One of the...
Huh?
Yeah.
It is?
Yeah.
Free large cheese pizza at the pizza log in duty.
Wow.
Because folks smoking again, Chris is taking your coke.
We only done nine.
So far, God are you slow.
Of course, bad people move real slow.
Wow.
That's...
That scares the...
It shocks is what I was trying to say.
It shocks the...
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I heard you.
I heard you're thinking it...
I said it shocks the scare out of me.
Let's see.
Who's this from?
This facts?
Happy 32nd anniversary.
The most thing to you for over 18 years.
Would you tell the story of our last annual company Christmas party?
Went to the triple cost ranch in Davy.
We learned so hard when you were on the radio the day after the party.
Also, how the...
Look at that.
How the station would reward employees with a choice of pin or money?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it would be...
It would be an employee.
Now, which place was that at?
Here.
The...
The boy of the month.
And if you had employed a month,
you could either take...
How much was it?
$200, I believe.
$200 bucks or the pin?
Well, I always took the $200 bucks.
I mean, he doesn't want to sneak his pin from Greg Reed.
Looking forward to another 32 years, take it easy, Neil.
Your friends had growled hydraulic.
PS George, remember the roast beefery on Young Circle?
No.
I don't either.
I never heard of the...
I remember Young Circle.
I picked up some good numbers on that.
I mean, whatever.
Back in the day, cruising with Bill Tann or not, cruising all by myself.
Young Circle, I used to be very popular back in the 70s.
Cruising spot.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, those are me.
Pete the board office says happy 32nd anniversary and Neil and George from Pete the Chronic
X board office, B-O-R-E-D.
Long time list, since I moved here from Long Island of 1976, and there's a freshman in
Cooper City High.
Then I wonder what ever happened to a...
What's his name?
From Cooper City.
Or was he from...
Allen from Cooper City, Allen Dresner.
Hope you're okay, Allen.
Boy, he sure was a pretty guy.
Long time ago though.
He's probably old enough so pretty anymore, you know what I mean?
I do.
He's a good guy.
Then to have the honor and privilege to be your board office as a crazy Pete during your
heydays at W.I.N.Z.
80486, remember the days Frank Motek, Tim Harper, dead, David Hossley, Stan Major, J. Michael's
Ernie Soach and Mary Haiber, Rhonda Victor, Steve Daley, Ken Taylor, Jean Baptiste,
or gay Baptiste, that's right, big fat PD.
Mary Maldon, Keith and Kyle Isley, Mike Spindell, John Broward, dead, so his Kyle.
Marshall Moore, Ron Harrison, dead, Steve Shane, and my personal favorite, the overnight
hottie Jennifer Rem.
And all interesting guests like Richard Simmons, Tony Sigmito, Jack As, and who can forget
the chronic or chronic fruit cake who drove the engineers crazy.
George missed out on a loom ticket.
He was the worst chronic caller of all time.
I know about that.
He'd made me...
Oh, trust me.
Really?
He made the correct crop pale into win signalates.
He worked all like evening and time so I had that one.
And the wonderful, ever-popper to W.I.N.Z.
The Wonder Mug, Neil.
Can I have a Wonder Mug?
I wonder if I can have a Wonder Mug, Neil.
Festwishes, you and his request, my contribution to this show.
Can you play the Jeb Bush card, the Geldy card, and the Jim Mandage I-Eftam drops.
Wow, this is going to take a little bit of work.
Jeb Bush, I...
Jeb Bush, bring back some blue!
And what's the other one?
Golly.
Yeah.
I need help.
What the hell was that?
Who was that?
Uh-uh, Chef.
Let's just close it up and let him get to the mic.
Go away, Jeb.
Thanks for the ear food.
Neil.
Love you, baby.
Go away, Jeb.
I'm on it.
What up?
Oh, man, get him with the fire extinguisher.
I'm on it!
You know, I dumped that one.
Yeah, I know.
That was a bleep that they did and make the...
The...the Kotler that was, you know, they pressed the button on the phone there.
Well, sorry.
They could have flown once upon a time.
Sorry, Pete, but you had no chance of me to let that go.
The worst, the most lame ass bleep.
Uh-huh.
Might as well just set it.
Go ahead.
Get manned, I have to amannabelle.
Yeah, too bad in there and that one.
I don't know if I would have known about the other mic, but it's thrown all those in, too,
or the made it kosher.
But I'm not going to do it.
Enough already.
We don't want to get canned on my 32nd anniversary, that would not be good.
Okay, here's the brand-ins report.
In fact, why don't you try one of your local channels?
I'm sure they're hyperheridism on CNN.
Oh, testing at an event that took place at the school on Thursday, still trying to figure out a little bit more about what exactly that event was.
But forgive me as I read on here.
Again, it started...
We've got a hold of the mic and started saying,
the friends of all, well, I could put his hands on the students.
One person, it was happened the day before yesterday on Thursday.
Some people are saying that he put him in a chokehold, whoever this individual was.
A lot of people very upset about that.
Now, what we're hearing, 30 to 40 students staged this protest and then school officials tried to intervene and it apparently turned into a
full-scale alteration.
And alteration, I'm not alterating.
I'm alterating what I'm not at a fingers.
Very, very.
If you want to have a delay.
And there again, a full-scale alteration.
So coming into us, and we think we'll have to wait.
Maybe if we can watch them.
Coming in from Miami Florida, once again, if you know the area we're talking about, Miami Edison...
You have any other area on it?
Apparently, according to our affiliates, there is some sort of riot that broke out,
please having to respond with riot gear and so forth to try to get the situation under control.
Boy, we will continue to watch that one for you and make sure we don't...
Yeah, keep your eye on it.
Okay, turn on your local channel.
Are they hyperventilating on 7?
Are they hysterical on 10?
Are they filming at the mouth on 4?
Are they gagging and puking on 6?
What's the story there?
Huh?
Look it.
We'll give off those damn naked telemovellas for just a couple of minutes.
Oh, wait a minute.
Just long ago.
Yeah, they're gagging on 6.
So many of our business leaders...
They're all good at the rest of it.
At least one office is injured.
The people went to Edison High School.
So it is a school that has a lot of roots dug very, very deep in your community.
Well, you know, Greyhall has been on the ground talking to people about exactly what happened.
We're hearing a couple of accounts from them.
You're not going to say it's against the school, are you?
And who we want to hear from are the police?
They're not.
And certainly the school board.
And, you know, we want to disseminate that information to you as quickly and expediently as possible.
Particularly to the parents who are involved.
You know, this is a school that has hundreds and hundreds of kids.
And I'm sure they're waiting anxiously to hear exactly what happened officially.
And the status of their own kids who are now...
Yeah, well, how about we hear it artificially?
Okay, get the herothea, please.
We're failing.
The best out of your real Rogers.
We're going to find 60 QAM.
Big, fourth leader.
Oh!
Legendary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your due.
We take the under chest and full bruise and I judge.
Depending on who are afraid.
Legendary.
Legendary.
Legendary.
Legendary.
Who's with the speed of luck and sound?
Thanks to that nice, straight-to-how.
When the building starts too low, we can understand we don't.
You're crushing growth with both fighting.
Oh!
Legendary.
All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks.
To hate all but the white folks is an oldest established rule but you're in.
National Brotherhood Weat.
National Brotherhood Weat.
Lino Horn and Sheriff Clark are dancing Cheek to Cheek.
One to utilize the people you despise as long as you don't let them in your school.
All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks.
All of my folks hate all of your folks.
It's American as apple pie but you're in.
National Brotherhood Weat.
National Brotherhood Weat.
New Yorkers love the Puerto Ricans cause it's very cheap.
Step up and shake the hand loathe.
Someone you can't stand.
You can tolerate him if you try.
All the Protestants hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestants and the Hindus.
Hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews but you're.
National Brotherhood Weat.
National Brotherhood Weat.
National everyone smile at one and other hood week be nice to people who are inferior to you.
It's only four a week so have no fear.
Be grateful that it doesn't last all year.
That was 385.6 UWQAM.
Edison High School.
They got dozens of police officers motorist and voice to avoid the area.
Got it?
Got it.
At voice to advise the area.
In voice to avoid the evade the area if possible.
And George says that Edison is a gangster school.
I can't believe you said that.
Edison is a gangster school.
George said he said it again for a second time.
Edison is a gangster school.
Well things are quite a down considerably on the Myspace thing.
I guess I've gotten all of you.
You know, I'm not looking for people to pee on my leg here today or give me a big pat on the back but why not?
32 freaking years my god.
How can anybody believe that?
How many years was rich on you?
Am I a 80?
I don't know.
Fitty.
I didn't get any Myspace from him by the way.
Well I don't think he runs his own space page.
What are you talking about?
He's not on the year anymore.
He's got somebody running his Myspace page.
What are you?
Some kind of a nut job?
Oh yeah, you know.
Let's see.
The fight broke out.
Let's see.
It says you might have...
I'm reading Brandon's blow by blow here.
It says the fight broke out I called 710-6 CBS.
And the teachers were saying F you.
And the sound I went dead.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
Do you understand what he's saying there?
No.
Well he's all whipped up, you know.
Everybody's all whipped up.
I'm brawl and innocent.
Boy.
So what goes.
I'll take a call here for my anniversary show.
Hello.
Oh maybe this is for the free pizza.
Do you give them all away yet?
No we have 13 left.
We have 13 left.
Well what the hell am I answering phones here for?
There's only one flicker in man.
They figure they're all gone already.
They're not.
They're not.
Once the delay catches up the phones will start smoking again.
Well it's good it gives you a little bit of a rest.
Okay?
So you've given away 19 and you've got 13 to go.
32 nice large cheese pizzas from the pizza loft in Davie.
I knew the university drive in the pizza loft Plaza.
See you've got this plug in there.
We're easy.
Anybody give us the same thing to give away?
We're giving a nice plug.
5670560.
0560 on a Verizon singular wireless line.
Call up Chris.
He's easy to talk to on the phone.
He's a lump.
And he'll take your name and address and shoot size
and we'll get you a certificate.
Right?
And that's the way it works.
That's right.
We'll go to the drop for us.
Now what does that say?
Very funny.
Very funny one.
I'm getting inquired.
I think that our correspondent Brandon is too much.
So some police are wearing riot gear.
It's a riot.
Well, get it out.
Let's hear it.
I'm sorry.
It was a fight as far as we know.
No, it's not.
Somebody got a couple of weapons.
However, a large number of students have been arrested
because of Tony to arrest pointed out.
They did load up one of those police patty wagons
with several students, pardon me.
And what's he laughing about?
Police officers injured.
Get it out.
And so a handful of students are injured as well.
And George's will even have pictures.
The police are still there.
It's certainly going in and out of the school.
And every now and then, I'm just going to come out.
And if somebody will come out on a stretcher.
But we haven't seen more students being put in the handcuffs
or at least in the last few minutes.
We haven't seen any more students being arrested
and put in that patty wagon.
No, but we have seen, Ellen, as you just mentioned,
from these black LEDs and insurgings.
We'll doubt on gurney at the very moment
because of the injuries that they're dealing with.
And as you mentioned, all this police presence,
not only think about it.
They have to control what's left over from the fight.
They have to get all the students that have been injured
taken away.
And those that say they're in the room.
And that's why everybody else in Rodriguez
and what is this happening to the people of the aliens
and people on the scene trying to figure out,
go back an hour to when this started.
What does that have to do with aliens?
They're not aliens.
They really have three different sets of things going on.
The injured students trying to control the fight
and what's left over that,
as well as trying to figure out why this fight started.
You know what I'm going to tell you?
I'm going to walk you around the next day.
I don't want to sound like an old funny,
but obviously I am, if I've been on your for 32 years
and I'm 165, I'm an old fart.
But you know something?
Sometimes an old fart smells better than a recent fart.
I haven't thought about that.
Yeah, think about that.
Give it some thought while you're chewing on your own
pizza lot stuff there.
Elliot Rodriguez, my ass.
And he started laughing.
He started cracking up what that was all about.
He's probably thinking of himself.
Well, there's no Cuban kids in here anyway.
But actually, there's plenty of Cuban kids in here, you think?
No.
And Edison?
No.
Two or three?
Maybe.
Now they're not all black.
I saw some white kids there.
What are you doing?
You trying to make this into a racial thing?
Not me.
Yeah, you are.
I heard what you said.
Thanks to school.
Yeah, that's right.
Gangsta school.
Now, what immediately comes to your mind when you hear
gangs to school?
In the city gangsters.
In the city gangsters?
Yeah.
And if you try to say it's like a general gym,
that's what you're trying to say.
That's the same thing.
How does he do it?
And he's straight.
Yeah.
So, there's probably a few white people, whatever.
You're the one that keeps bringing color into it.
I just said, gangsta.
That's a culture, not a color.
And did I say color?
When did I say color?
You did.
You brought it up.
I didn't say that.
I don't think that was Elliot either for its work, but it was Elliot.
Yeah.
And as a guy came back, I said, thank you, Elliot.
What's wrong with you?
The guy said, Elliot.
You better know your Elliot and Rodriguez, your ex-nakers, Mr. Pose.
You sure don't.
I'm a big fan of his, if you are.
I'm not a fan at all.
I think he blows.
Thanks a lot, big demoted his ass and put him out of four in the morning or something like that.
Why are you playing that?
Save that for two o'clock.
It's a gangsta music.
Yeah, no, it's not.
It's the jerk show music.
It's for the heat.
He likes jazz.
Really?
Yeah.
Huh.
I know.
Big deal.
Like I said, I even look into my space team for a while now, because it's, it's, it's tailed off to a crawl, you know.
422 votes on the pool.
Which station needle worked on to do enjoy the most?
In other words, which station did this show did you enjoy the most?
Not the whole station.
I don't know, you know.
Maybe that's what they're thinking.
That's a good excuse anyway, isn't it?
Suel, why not?
W-I-O-D 219.
Only listened on QAM 92.
Zeta 54 for Zeta 4.
That was a good show.
It was a good time.
Caprita, the bird.
Yours truly.
He fiesly with it.
And I think he fiesly was already, because he was only on I 95.
I don't think he was ever doing Zeta.
PD Bolger was already there.
The assassin.
QAM 21.
Didn't like any of them 17.
WNWS9.
WNZ6.
And WKAT for old timers.
Oldie moldies back to 76 and 77.
That was kind of sad that long list there that pete the chronic board off said,
and I keep going through and, oh, this one's dead and that one's dead yet.
They're in a box somewhere.
They're bones in a box.
All your kids out there, your parents are stuck to school and school and church and crap
and all night up stories.
Don't believe it, OK?
There ain't going to be no heaven, there ain't going to be no afterlife, there ain't going to be no,
another crap.
It's going to be bones in a box, B-O-B, B-I-B, where you're bib.
Bones in a box.
That's all there's good news for some kind of a chicken place, don't it?
Sure.
A time set, I've listened since the mid-80s.
Here comes the facts.
Well, you know, they shot their revolt, you know, as they say and goes, they bop.
I've listened since the mid-80s, a few of the best moments in show history according to me are,
you told a great story of going on a double date with a Michigan state, that's right with Arlene,
that's right the Grasser.
I'm not telling that again.
What old guy yelled at you, he doesn't steal the sweet and low, he called you a part of communist conspiracy.
Really?
American Gladiators is at the studio, no one will sit on your lap.
Now, I don't remember that, do you?
No.
American Gladiators visit the studio?
I don't remember that.
I remember I got those two kids from the Elton John video, a Winopalabra and Espanol, a word in Spanish.
It was filmed on South Beach, Gladiator.
You bag was?
Are you listening to me or what?
No.
Two kids from that video, a word in Spanish, and I thought they were really hot on the video, you know, a horrible song, horrible video.
And they came in the studio and they were not.
One was just a screamer, I shouldn't have said that.
I didn't say which one.
If you see the video, you'll know.
Yeah, anyway, they were good kids.
Disappointing.
You call Jeff Stryker Chatline on here, how do you like that?
The Jeff Stryker Chatline.
Oh no, that's my joystick and oh no, don't be playing well, thank you Tom.
Time's got his own little elusive, a crack.
How do we do one of your pieces?
We still got some left?
We've given away 25, so we've got seven of them.
Even I can do that, math, even the old queen can still finger that out.
We got seven to go with those pizzas from Pizza Lock.
Come on, get those phones to smack in there, maybe?
Smack it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 6, 8, 05, 6, 800 Verizon, Singular Wireless Line.
How easy these people give up.
Now like the old days, when you give something away for free, we would have blown the board out back in the day.
Am I right?
Oh yeah.
That's when we had that humongous audience.
In fact, back when Ponytail was actually paying for spots on the air because the sale department wasn't pissing him off.
Like that.
I just got one of my most important anniversaries, wishes ever.
We'll share them upstairs.
It's his happy anniversaries, senior, I'm on my negra.
How do you like that?
All right.
Well, that's sweet.
You're a black moment now.
Well, I had to tell them all about it.
That was my 37.
Is that any second?
Look, I mean, now.
Yeah, there you go.
Let's play Senior Cruz the rest of the show.
Now I know who she was talking about in that song.
Better cut the crap now.
Don't be picking on Senior Cruz.
You'll break your ties with the human community forever.
Too late.
Yeah.
Anything I had to do with Ali on, man, you just ran in the other direction.
I'll have the same birthday.
You do?
December 6th?
Oh, no, I didn't run in the other direction.
I was where I was supposed to be.
Everybody else was obsessed over something they didn't need to be obsessed about.
That's right over here.
A child festivity kid.
They had nothing to do with me and I acted appropriately.
All right, your friend put seven on quick.
It says, look, put seven on quick.
Yeah, seven.
Put on the audio quick.
Oh, God.
You can do better.
Oh, there's Ricky picking his answer.
No, my God.
I'm gonna talk.
You're gonna have a good time.
We've got a lot of people.
I'm gonna miss you, sir.
Be careful.
There could be some language here.
Yeah, we don't understand.
When they didn't speak any text, why?
They pushed us through that.
That's what I'm talking about.
The classroom where?
On a fire extinguisher.
What was it like inside?
It was cool.
It was him.
It was him.
You can hear him there.
He said it was chaos inside.
I can only imagine what both police and the students were going through as this whole situation.
Are we going to be the great wait for all this crap at Edison?
Hi, we got business to take here.
I'm an old-ass buddy.
My name is Elon.
I'm an old-ass man.
It's a lot of work.
It's four, three or five sixty-two-a-M.
I think fourthleader.
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station.
You know, there's a little story to go with this one, and that is that the last we, I couldn't find this anywhere.
In other words, the car that this was on, was the last place where I could find it and
they were and that's why those are way too loud because I had dropped them in there
on the air and now and there's no way to clean it up.
It means an air copy.
We had to salvage it off a best of tip.
Exactly.
You'll hear it.
Not a lot of .
Mastercomeey
Master you
Master bishop
Master you
Masterieur
Eye
Master your
I say I and I I feel your your
Oi!
How come you don't wear jet-dance?
I'm not that orthodox.
I'm like Jimmy Cliff and I like a smoker split.
I like my super-dance.
I am my greatest type of dine.
Rust on me, rust on you, rust on black, rust on you.
Rust on you, rust on you.
I like coach at show and I like the motorbike.
Chicken soup with canada luck.
That's what I like.
I'm here by taste it.
Red fish, dried some cranks.
Blanketed and get better fish.
Glass in my small might spill.
Rust on me, rust on you, rust on black, rust on you.
Rust on you, rust on you.
I want me to do rust on you.
Hey!
Oi!
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
Oi!
Rust on me, rust on you, rust on black, rust on you.
Rust on you, rust on you.
Rust on you, rust on you.
I'm dying out of here.
I'm dying out of here.
I like coach at show and I like the motorbike.
But here, try to see if you have any family advice.
If you rush about, you're the one.
Alex Bennett, Steve Ken, Nick Warren, Scottie Chicken, Mike, Laura Scott,
George Sherman and McVee.
Gayle White, Coleman Chandler, Sammy D. O'Lake,
Boyz and Gwen Wild Steve, Stem, don't forget Bill Wise.
Sharma Honey, Johnny Doe, and England FD name is Global Anne.
The whole name is Roger Dawgie McIntyre.
Surprise, Harry Larry, Faddle Coney,
Foot, Sharon Smith, and Joan Hance.
It's just we do and the Battle Paws.
We can't forget the people, but we try to hide them,
and forget we knew them.
They used to work inside us, even though we're times and hate us lose our minds.
And we narrow it out with them being Gary Bruce,
Jeff Clark, Johnny Darken, Joseph Gackie,
and Goldberg, Nick Green, Marvin Wall and Warwick,
Stephanie Lewis, Gwen and Bruce Don't forget me too.
These aren't all the people who are still here working,
and we'll still work it.
We are all the people who are out there living,
just a man going.
I wouldn't like to discriminate about it.
Like some guy.
That's 24-560, that's where they go.
That's where they go.
The D. O'Lake, St. Anniversary Show here on the New Roger Show.
We got the jerks coming up at two proving nothing is perfect.
Dozens of police cruises rushed to Miami-Adison Senior High this morning
after a fight broke out on the campus courtyard.
It was the latest in the series of violence incidents that date schools this week.
Well, one man, possibly a tank hose officer,
was seem limping out of the school,
at least one person needed to be hospitalized.
Several students, boys and girls, were being seen taken out of the school in handcuffs,
police were looking to make multiple arrests.
60-70 police cruises were surrounding the school,
crew members from Miami, data in the school's police,
no other details were immediately available since the hero.
The school is on lockdown.
The incident apparently began as a peaceful protest according to a teacher
inside the school by God-Ada Hand.
She said many were upset at the arrest of a male student in class yesterday.
They felt that the way the young man was handled wasn't proper.
They felt it was too brutal, said the teacher,
who spoke on the condition of an enemy Christian had permission to talk with the press
and she values her job and her life.
The students, she said, was handcuffed in front of his classmates and teacher.
The children are livid, said the teacher,
who was locked in the room with her students at about 11.30 this morning.
They felt it wasn't fair or just.
She said there was little official information being disseminated to students
her staff.
I've never seen this happen on the time of an Edison.
She said in spite of what George is, said, saying.
It's been a violent weekend, date, schools on Thursday yesterday,
a student was shot in the ear while breaking up at a fight at Miami,
Northern High School.
The day before that a student was expelled from North-Aid Academy in Opal,
localized here, you were run on a gun on the principal and pulled a trigger
of the gun, mis-fired, the girl 14 was taken into a custody.
North-Aid Academy is a private school.
How do you like that?
The gun thank, thank God, inspired.
Crazy people were anger management men.
That's the only hope for the future of America.
Anger management.
Okay, thank you.
What?
Couldn't hurt Oliver says.
Thank you for a wonderful 32 years you've given us and saw for the highlights for me were.
The WIOD years with you and the Birds Dan mages,
the primary work in Spud and the snooze crews.
Lightning round was hilarious.
Well, it's got another word in there.
Life was good. Left, what?
I think.
Effing.
Well, how do you say, high effing hilarious?
Oh.
Left a bit out of Republic of New York.
You should listen to you on the web.
Well, that out of Oliver, good work.
I used to deliver the home entosh in the WIOD.
The real ones, nothing make believe the airs us.
You've always given nice part of my parents' bakery that said it closed about 10 years ago.
Oh no.
We all hope you never leave the airways happy anniversary on the best Oliver.
Thank you, Oliver.
And I'm so sad to hear about that bakery.
What bakery was it?
I don't know.
You don't know.
I don't.
What are you?
Some kind of a glacier cup?
You know it.
That's what they said at the Edison High when I got here.
You some kind of a glacier cup.
It's a glacier belt.
That's what I hear.
And all pieces of thinking about that.
All the pieces of thinking about it.
I forgot about it.
I can reach over and turn that thing off and good.
Aren't you going to take some great calls around your anniversary show now?
I don't want to.
No.
The biggest name.
Not even some bad name.
I'm going to be a five sixty QAM.
The sports leader.
I got into squatting.
So who's your vote for?
Well, it's on the other guy's ballot.
What other guy?
The Republican guy.
Oh no, man.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry today.
What a break.
Which one is your vote for today?
I'm not going to get into it, Chad.
You'll freak out on me, okay?
Not no way.
Yeah.
That hoodies freak.
What's your one?
He's specific.
What's his name, man?
I'm not going to argue, Paul.
The guy from CNN.
Ted Turner, yes.
Oh, man.
You voted for you, Ken.
I voted for Ted Turner.
Dude, what is this?
You send the police right into my head.
I think you...
Why don't you give him my phone number?
And it's red.
Chad.
And let him come over and tell me.
And you are going to elect the thought police.
Chad, this wasn't a presidential election.
This is a primary, okay?
I didn't have a chance to vote for the other side.
Give me the chance to vote for the other side.
What?
My towel, rink, voted for a Nazi.
I knew this would be...
I didn't vote for a Nazi.
Yeah.
Randy, I don't hate you at all.
Congratulations.
Get out of here, Meg.
You want to know something truthfully unhappy for you.
Why are you happy for me?
Because I am going to my vote.
We're going out for a cruise.
I'm having for the point I have to use my first weekend's off.
I'm promoting my video.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I figured it was some kind of promotion.
No, no, no, not at all.
I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station.
Honest to God I do.
Really?
Trust me.
I'm not lying.
I called to congratulate you.
Well, Meg, can I just ask you one last question then?
Why on your last show?
Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything over here at WIOD?
I made a mistake.
I made a bad call.
I'm only listening to you.
And I think you're fun.
And I think it's perfectly okay to have...
Relax and have fun on a weekend.
Honest to God.
I need it too.
Yeah.
How's that?
And I've been drawing listening to you.
And it's no vote.
Now.
Have a good day.
See ya.
Don't believe the word of it, man.
Stand here and trash me for a whole afternoon.
A whole afternoon.
Stand here and said I didn't have a chance in hell.
I had no talent.
What the hell was I doing here?
Boy, Gary made a big mistake.
Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party.
So she's going to kiss a little butt.
Who's back?
Larry.
Oh.
Can I hear him now, Larry?
I'm here.
Oh, there you go.
I can almost hear you now.
I'm going to move around the plane.
Yeah.
Although, I don't know if that's how I asked for it.
The text on the moon.
And I can't go to the plane.
Yeah.
Sounds like the plane landed.
I know.
I know where it's going.
I'm looking at it over the rock.
You're still in the air?
I'm in the air.
How about the plane?
Good question.
Now, you didn't really say...
The words you talked about before I've heard my life in the W.A.D.
You didn't really say that, did you?
I can't believe that station except for you, Neil.
I know what I do.
He loved me.
I knew it.
I love Neil, I just...
This is...
I don't know what I'm in Miami.
First, a limited-general manager is...
Bob Green, everybody.
He also said that Bob is still wiping the tears from his eyes from the last conversation.
He said, we got Larry King on the phone.
He's in the other room right now weeping like a woman.
Seriously, he is.
I'm going to his mom, Mr. Buck.
Are you?
In about four or five years, he's not old enough yet.
When he makes the deal, I'm not going to his wrists.
That would be even better.
What the guy needs to know in those 1000 voices, right?
Yeah, I feel Henry.
He doesn't, he's ashamed of his own.
Huh?
He's ashamed of his own.
Are you sure?
Yeah, he's ashamed of his own voice, that's right.
He goes out of the voice.
Right.
Neil, how do you attack the 20-year?
How do I feel?
How do you feel?
I feel like Methusel on a bad day, that's how I feel.
I feel like I just sat down with you, Koala Katsentine and WKAT,
and started my first day, and I went to the first national bank on Alton Road,
and she said, you feel rich now, Neil?
For 215 bucks a week, that's how I feel.
Incredible.
What was your first break?
Listen to this, Neil.
I went to work in Alton, Dorsen at a job with a small radio station in Miami Beach, Florida.
I did everything.
I was an IDI, I'm an IDI, I'm an IDI, I did the board, I did Jock, I did sports, I did news, I did everything.
Cleaned up, cleaned up, cleaned up, I did everything.
Is that true?
Yeah, well, when you play with the tape, you have it repeated.
Why do you do that over and over?
For emphasis, we want to make sure that our audience is a little bit slow,
we want to make sure they catch it at the 40 or 50th time.
15 years ago.
Exactly.
Guys, the pentatop tenelist.
Okay, top 10, that's good, Delft, start ripping off David Letterman, that would be good.
That's a good thing.
Listen, there's a guy here that wants to talk to you,
you're going to pee in your pants right there under play when you hear this voice.
How are you, Larry?
Larry!
I said, Larry, how are you?
I'm fine.
Who is that?
How's Sue they forget?
Who is that?
Your hockey friend.
You?
Swimmer.
Right.
It's the Instagram, rummer.
Whammer, what are you doing in that studio?
I came to see my good friend, Neil Rogers.
You're the guy he likes.
And not all that much either, Larry.
Don't get carried away.
Well, I knew he likes someone, he likes you, you're the one of us.
Hey, can't beat it, join it.
We've heard no last man that's a child, Neil, Emma.
I know, I thought you'd be here last night.
Oh, now he's a capitals fan.
Now he's a capitals fan.
We, all of a sudden we think I'm lucky and got a point.
Now it's we.
Nice going, Larry.
I'm on a helicopter, and the cops will roll for you.
Yeah, he is on a re-captain.
Yeah, you're on that Craig Barubi, you make a good pair.
I'm going to come down in two weeks with spring training,
and I'm coming to the larger studio.
All right, I'll pick you up and break.
That's a deal.
I'm inviting you right now.
Anytime you come in here, we'll feed you.
We'll get the, from the Villa deli on the Walden Road on a beach.
We'll bring you the best deli of had since that the crazy place you keep plugging on the air.
And it'll be a real, it'll be a picnic.
I do have a way to re-nail.
Thanks, Larry.
I'll give it a little bit of take.
Don't drop.
Don't drop Pat too hard.
You not gone out of road.
Stop it, man, and me.
I'm gonna tell those family what I heard of.
But sick, those starry you talking.
I'm gonna tell everything I know.
I'm gonna break up the signifying,
well, people, somebody's got to know.
You know, Neil Toe Rich.
Richie Toe Bird, Bird Toe Landy.
Any Total Mother.
Tell her, rather two dollars to smile you off.
I'm gonna tell everything I know.
You're looking for glory holds.
I was just thinking about other famous people we've had on the show.
It's George and Vita on the show, like Ron Germen.
Yeah, thanks.
Here's the facts from Pam.
I've been listening to you for more than 20 years.
I missed the WNWI stays most of all.
These days Steve came his boring on the air.
Alice Rantel has become too political.
But you remain funny and interesting.
Listen to it.
Please don't get old and grumpy.
Happy anniversary, love you, Neil Pat.
Thanks, Pat.
There you go.
I only like that.
There was a Dion.
And I had Donnie Osborne.
Right.
On the show, I don't have any clip from that though.
And Johnny Depp, I sure wish I had something for you.
Yeah, Troughton, I said.
You son of a bitch.
I did not have Troughton, I said.
Although we didn't have a Spandex pants on the show.
Had Richie Simmons on, he tried to choke me to death.
He sneaked up from behind, which I mean,
from what I hear ain't the first time.
What's the biggest name?
Welcome to his little Rogers.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Why the, you bastard.
There's a marvelous place.
I know.
One of the wealthy people's got.
It's where royalty play follow.
And that's what I like about Bill Kell.
A down where equals are never small.
A down where they say, outlaw.
And every corner has a wall.
And that's what I like about Bill Kell.
And I like that.
And 10 grand are called for species.
Spend the day in Jewish factories.
You shall take these delicacies.
That's what I like about Bill Kell.
And please excuse our added structure.
And our BMWs, and we find pleasure.
Indeed, rule it.
That's what I like about Bill Kell.
Gucci does a Rolex watches.
Why do you choose?
Because so are not.
The watches, if you won't see, will let you touch us.
And that's what I like about Bill Kell.
We really don't care what you think.
You see how a dude who doesn't stink.
There's no coffee.
Only Mocha.
And that's what I like about Bill Kell.
And if you ask me that's what I want, I think about Bill Kell.
And that's what I like about Bill Kell.
And that's what I like about Bill Kell.
I like Bill Kell.
Leave Manhattan.
The Boston Queen.
It's half an island too.
Leave the living city.
There's a tunnel.
And don't look back.
Down the journey comes like you tell me Rachel the Maul.
And the sidewalks sell from your hair.
As you wrap your nails, tell your friends.
You don't want to bloom any day.
They won't feel far behind.
We don't sound as hack-and-sack.
There's a time called time or act where you live.
On a call to stack and prevent you about the going next door.
We don't sound as hack-and-sack.
There's a time call time or act where you live.
On a call to stack and prevent you about the going next door.
There's a time call time or act where you live.
On a call to stack and prevent you about the going next door.
There's a time called time or act where you live.
It's a lyrics that say the name of that Merry Ald pepper.
The answer is the new song which can be published at Viktor's Youtube website.
Got it what everybody said by Matt Spock- wholesale this mail.
Oh, ready so, ready so, ready so,
Hidden in a rickety, one down,
Shact is out of new conditions,
It's near the gas of that.
Now I can't think of no one who could make me meaner
than that little old lady from higher near.
She crawled and she stole she's a real boy.
She's the general of heaven, there'll be school of art.
She's a little old lady from higher near.
Oh, ready so, ready so, ready so,
She crawled and she stole she never seen ya.
You could be open, act like she never seen ya.
Oh, ready so, ready so, ready so,
Don't try and blow your own new agitator
Cause she only keeps up that all the respirator.
Now I can't think of no one who would make me meaner
than that little old lady from higher near.
She crawled and she stole she's a real boy.
She's the general of heaven, there'll be school of art.
She's a little old lady from higher near.
It's a little old lady from higher near.
Hurry, hurry so, ready so, ready so,
It's a little old lady from higher near.
Come on, ready so, ready so, ready so,
It's a little old lady from higher,
We haven't picked new opportunities with our website in my previous second anniversary short
It's not good are you see that okay because I'm not no air just call instead. It's the whole ISP
Mewch needs what the whole provider it's not just our website well as an accurate
So how do we know how we did on the poll you don't he said they are working on it right now. Oh my god
Are you kidding me? Oh my god?
What are we up kicking the teeth man? And you kids over there in Edison high
You'd be acting up carrying on our mom my 37 anniversary. That's just we spent a lot of time
Police are investigating the shooting of a student near Edison high commander Charles Hurley of dates calls police
Deperminances a male student was shot today during a confrontation. Oh no wait a minute
This isn't even the same story. This is at
During a confrontation north of Northern senior high
The student whose name identity has been released was taking the hospital expected to survive
Witnesses told a thorees that the shooter released one other person fled in the vehicle police spotted a vehicle matching
It's the script in 15 blocks from the school and took the two occupants in the custody the channel seven website is so screwed up
That you can't even get this stuff about it is there every time you try to click on that story some other story comes up like this one
How do you like that? They're going nuts
I'm not in the streets baby. I'm my 32nd anniversary shame on them
Let's see David says happy anniversary from Colorado
I've been listening to you since the Zayda days. I know listen almost every day online from Colorado Springs
Hope to listen to you from anywhere yours. Thanks, David at least a hundred now
My goal now is to be on here in Miami 40 years. I got eight to go
How's that sound? That sounds great
And it sound great of course it a much reduced salary
With no benefits and no perks and no this and no that and minus this and minus that and of course now that we got those two
Sports stations coming area on Monday now they will fear us baby. That's right. Yeah, I can't so how long is this gonna be out?
We have no idea
What kind of a comment was that an honest one
Well, that sucks. Well, I'm not gonna look at on here look at this
Ha ha ha ha ha no seriously. I don't want to look at your connection is timed out. I don't want to look at that
I'll just get back all right
Anyway, Eric. I'm sure Eric had his spine. You could almost smell Eric's fine finger in it
And I don't want to say where his finger had been. You can almost smell it
Nice going baby
486 on the whole we gotta get to that 500 then I'm told I can go home
That's what Joe Bell told me this more if you can get 500 you know from from a sitting start
You know, this is a brand new pull we put on a 10
You follow what I'm saying no
Well, we had a thousand someone on the first one what we got in the first one
You previous outside we had a thousand thirty two
So we got over we'll have over 1500 total and we already got over 1500 total put a feather and Chris is here
All right, I call it call it Macaroni. There we go that macaroni and cheese again
I don't think I should have something special for once today be my 30 second anniversary show
I think you should I know what I know we're gonna go I'm going to with pop out of lunch today again extra bacon
Well, what does that mean go to the bacon bacon palace
Bacon salad for the side of bacon. Yeah, how about a how about a nice slice of bacon in your dough that would be delicious
2700 pull what station you'll work on did you enjoy the most and of course the meaning of I worded it poorly
But you know something who cares?
I don't hear the overhead real good now. What's what's there we go? You're going deaf. I'm what what?
487 on the pull which station you'll work on was your did you enjoy the most WIOD 250 when it's because they like Randy
They like filled they like Rick and Spud they like yeah, because it was a station and I'll fit together
Not that I'm taking any shots at this one where we don't fit in
Oh
Only listened on QA M 108 so in other words they can't compare to anything else because they haven't listened before this and of course
That means we got a hundred eight new listeners all right in 10 years. Oh
Yes, I'm saying honor be a 30 second. I'll be running the Jason Jackson show today
Why is that?
We needed a day off for something and they asked me so I said okay
That means it's gonna start on time
Zeta 63 QAM 27 but that's not too good
Only 27 for QAM that low as man. That's terrible
Don't like any of them 17 WNWS 10 W snooze
W I and Z 6 and WKT 5 5 old old timers out of 400 and 98 vote
Or I'm diverged that we're gonna get 500 before the top of the hour then they will fear us man
Like Connie would say then they will fear you. I was thinking about maybe taking a couple calls, but you know what?
It'll warn
No, I don't think so. I think it's a bad idea. Then I take one and it was in the middle of that pizza thing. Yeah
About half of the pizza winners what is it congratulation?
Really half of them. Yeah, maybe a little bit more
Haha
Oh isn't that sweet be sure tell me you'll give me a big kiss
Congratulations. Now where's my pie? You know like that
And of course those people that didn't congratulate you should have told them right to their face
You're looking for glory holes
I think I'm gonna have to catch up on his blog and see if he's still alive in a poor out
He is
The textbook classic example of a man destroyed by the establishment. Am I right? And he has
Been destroyed like they did the very flip
Most the coincidence there what is it after it would oh my god not sex not filth not porn
Not the old in and out stuff like that
Didn't have to clean up Amsterdam. I like I said. I believe it when I see it. I'll believe when I hear it
And of course you never got there while I was really exciting. Well, it's okay. Oh well
I'll just have to stay and smoke here
I'll just try this to raise about that's right
504 on the pool give Chris a big tip of the hat
Give my kitchen a red go in
The fourth leader
Oh
Oh
Some people don't
They don't have a clue
They won't go around
With the head of their booth
It's always the same
They're just looking for fame
And they love the abuse
Like the chronic
Oh
The chronic
His first line
Because he's a black catfish
With half of its mind
We'll be waiting for you
Okay, I just come on up with you green Corvette. We you and what army of little yahu sir
We all your friends have carol blood while your friends are carpet sprang
Why don't you stand up like on your own? It's always we we like you got all your buddies
How come you don't like stand on your own thing?
We there is that we again man. Are you speaking French or English? You're being as we we
We are there we go we are
You sound like Dan Quayol now sir. You can't even spell us
You know on the last week on the radio right
And you know you know what?
Because we we you sound like that baby now
Are you in looser? Are you an entry sir? I think you've been up an entry
Wanted me to know wait till tomorrow
They don't have a clue
They don't go around
Put your head off that news
Right dom
Oh
There just looking in for fame
Waiting for baby
Us
Feel good like the chronic
the
polar
Oh
Per
All right
Something funny when I lost water's blood
Then I jumped over the wall and an octon pato's door
He told me about something she heard so I looked around some more
And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody slow
A bloody glow
A bloody pato's door
A bloody glow
A bloody glow
A whoa, whoa, whoa
Next thing we knew, OJ went on a worst-beat rumble ride
Now he's in an L.A. jail charge for double on the side
And I believe it's the first degree murder is guilty of
It's because of the bloody glow
Here we all thank KJ too for all the good stuff
He's always a...
Yes, we shick an echo on the bald head, but KJ's in a lot of great stuff
We're too like Vlad for example, writing many more
Many more
Here's for example from W.I.O.D., the best of meal 94
Isn't that interesting that we actually had a wind up stopping doing the best of
Yes, a couple of years ago on this station
Yes, because we can't play anything that anybody would want to listen to
Right, you know what I mean?
That's really funny entertaining cutting edge
I do like this though
A lot
What's the matter with the meat on eating KJ tell that you're dying inside
Maybe I should wipe the few, cut my collar, I'm the gun breaking out on some hives
Alright
The servant asks for your means to be honest
I guess the best stuff to count is a lot of money
Everybody's smoking and the food is funny
Cause it's still rotten frozen beef
I was smoking and everybody's smoking and the food is funny
Cause it's still rotten frozen beef
So anyway, here's the best meal I've got them all back here all stacked up from back in the day
What was that?
Beeping
Do you hear that? I want to hear the end of that again
What was that for me or was that just I heard a beeping?
You want to hear something?
You can end the poop is funny cause it's still rotten frozen beef
Alright
What the hell was that?
Like a recorder maybe it was a pan flute
It says what it sounded like a pan flute oh there's Bubba
The grew out of the facts and we did it
Bubba he's all red in the face again you know cause he knows the bitch is gonna lose bad
And he's he's gonna be all over him like stick on the gray
Now let's see what's on this old disc
How many we can actually play
There's somebody can play he's a weirdo
Yeah
All in the family 20th anniversary
You can play that hack the wife another OJ bit
Bulldog bar
If you like clandike bars you'll love bulldog bars
Hey you what was you doing for a bulldog bar?
What's a bulldog bar?
It's a big iron bar that bulldog's hitmen with say you're a man
I can do anything
But I can't even do anything for a bulldog bar
Here have another one
Bulldog bars if you're a man you don't have to do anything
Just hang around and I'll tell you'll get one
Oh you pay on me you pay on me you pay on me
Alright how about the lion king
I'm exploiting the lion king and they won't go alone
And we can play Cighas Inga
But we better not cause he's the dolphin guy
You know now we kissed off and zan so we don't want to do that
What about this we can still play that?
Yeah
What do you think?
I got some requests before the show is over by the way
For what?
You knew or the audio from the audience?
No me!
I think it's you would be remodeled to play old-neil
Oh you remember Chris?
Who?
Chris on live space, a fake Chris who didn't exist
He wanted me to play old-neil a hundred times today
Right
And our live from Virgil 7, it's the Neil Roger show
I like the views of the song for the parade
The plenty of time like the American Plything
The liberty guides the widows in the king
But this is why they look at Gary O'Kee
Yeah I loved the white ant bit ended
The bitch haven't been the same since sir
Thoka, I'm dying I know
Yeah I heard that was some party crack read through
Yeah that thing I didn't know much of dancing
Of course it's not easy flying back here from Virgil 7
I know thank god
I'm here
It's all over for you poor Schlefstok and Earth president
No well
Well if you're lucky that crack head is the last bush to rig an election
Who's on this line?
WQAM?
Mr. Rogers speaking
I was in the public sugarlactica today
Sir, and let me tell you
The clip-out coupons in Thursday's paper are deceiving
I discovered them I saw
No this is yours
The first I know
The first knowns was not two for 99 cents
On the contrary
Got them off
It was two brake stones for 99 cents
Now I don't know about you
That's right
It tried to pedal me two brake stones for the price of two brake stones cottage cheese
When the coupons clearly stated
Well use the cottage cheese that's growing in your tongue levels
Who's this son?
Line 7 and 9
Klingon Pinocallini
Hello, I forgot into that
Three tires
I got a car and that note
I got a reason to go to see my contract
How about a one minute show
You can fill the other three minutes
That's right
I'll count you behind his next
George
Bye bye bye
That was very appropriate
I'm so glad I have what's the other requests
Oh a song of hope perhaps with the brake though
You know don't pile them all up
Why not?
Sliker take some call
What are you trying to say? I'm goofing off because it's my anniversary hour
Just because it's Friday or because I feel like it
Or maybe I just don't want to work tomorrow today
What do you have to do with those reasons?
Could be
What about this?
I'm not taking a call
Hi I'm Richard Geer
And I'm Cindy Crawford
We are not gay
I know a lot of you have heard stories about me and Cindy
What's the big deal?
So I kissed that country singer
I mean he was cute
Katie Lang is a woman sweetheart
You had your tongue halfway down his throat
Yeah well that's the road
And George is more famous than any of your stupid movies
I told you I fell asleep in a pet throw
I thought it was a habit trail
Anyway I got a Bob Barker pit on here
Now Bob Barker, how did I miss this story?
I heard it on 680 News here, Devonet
Draven Woodblum
You know Bob Barker used to close the show all the time
Had your pet spater neutered
And in California they just made it law
Okay, just made it the law you have to have your pet spater neutered
And Bob Barker too
My name is Barker, I did die in the beauty
It's not her wrathness
Have I liked to feel her booty?
I screwed her around
Okay
Got no one knows where that one went
I don't know, well it's ACN
It can be that trail
It can be all that foul
Although you never know now that we have the news
See why things have changed man
I think this is a really good time to sit down for us to reflect
Put your head in here, your gland in your hand
And reflect on what's happened to all these past many years
Stuff that we could play like 25 years ago, 20 years ago
Not no mole baby because we got the FCC
We got Joyce
We can't even cut a loud fart for Christ's sake
I mean what used to be you were afraid to cut a loud fart
Because somebody might smell it
Now you're afraid somebody might hear it
What kind of country is that?
525 ocean at Pullman
Christ is Jonesed for 550
There's Denna Bash, little beanhead
I'm the biggest name
The best out of two is now Roger
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
Why the U.S.D
Wake your been wanting and your breath smelled bad
Your hair is erect and your eyes are all cloudy in the cat
Took us what?
In the sink
You're getting your car and the streets are crowded
The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is open
Get a flat tire
Then you run out against
Oh it's just another day
It's just another day
It's just another day
I wish would end
You walk in the work and your pauses are grouch
The workers are losers, the coffee refuse is the work
And you don't
Get your reins
Get up and work in the streets are still crowded
The traffic's a hassle and the bridge is still open
You get into a wreck with the church bus and the nuns are bleeding from their ears
Oh it's just another day
That's a blue thing
It's just another day
It's just another day
I wish would end
You get more from work and the house is a disaster
The kids are all screaming and the garbage needs to be taken out
Your smell man's cologne and it's definitely not yours
So you start drinking early to forget all your problems
You're soon your plaster throwing up in the bowl while the men's room is doing 360s around you
You're throwing them big chug lands in your hair
Oh it's just another day
It's just another day
I wish would end
So you're lost in confusion you stumble about
Wondering why you were born in such a stinkin' hell hole that you call a life
So you look for your gun
And you hope it's still loaded and you aim it at your head and you
And you hope it's still loaded and you aim it at your head and you
Slowly pull the trigger in
W-I-O-D
Take it central
Hello, can I have a ticket please
For what?
Neal just announced some tickets that he's giving
What are they for?
Yeah, I don't know
I guess I can't get them because I don't know what they're for
Well I mean if you wanted them for
I can hardly hear you except because I have the baby who's also right
But I mean if you wanted them for tickets and you don't know what they're for
Why do you want this because they're free
You want them just because they're free
And you don't even know what they're for
They're for the horse races
For the horse races?
Yeah, the horse races in topado
They're for races in topado at the Irish fest
They're having horse races at the Invisible Stadium
Well you tell me with it for I want them because I have some friends at a town I want to give it to them
For what?
For the horse races?
I don't know what it's called
Well then why did you call?
You heard that magic word didn't you?
Free, right?
Isn't that what you did?
You heard Neal say free
Hello
Hello
Hello
Yes
You want them?
Yes I would like them to have the gift
Hold on
What an old Safi baby
Speaking of old Safi I just got a text message
Happy anniversary from Miguel
Miguelito
When that's sweet yeah
He's a good people man too bad he might up over there although probably better off for him
I hope he's doing well
To end in Geofield here's a really sweet fact
It says happy anniversary
I especially love respecting admire you for your courage and defiance in denouncing the Iraq war even before it started
When almost every other media figure craving the echo the Bush administration's lies
That let us into this unmitigated disaster
And what I said is all about OIL and M O N Y I kept saying that oil and money baby
You are truly a great American one of the few in the media respecting the admire while I certainly agree with that chain
Now you have many many many many many more anniversaries always listen to you as long as I'm able
Thank you Jane that was very sweet tune into your feel
And nice
Been a pretty nice day today and especially taking calls I think is added to it
Right
Have you got more on your list or what that will kill some I mean that will be entertaining
No good I could pull some more out of my ease
Oh look at this normal camp
God I'd accorded about 10 a.m. and have been listening to your entire show has been a pleasant and warm and durable
Entertain retrospective delighted to seek you and did something to promote it with such little coaxing if only you had a real
Agent you'd be on serious they pay so well
Oh no I wouldn't be on serious but maybe I would have had some promotion about this 30 second anniversary
If I had a real idea maybe it would have been yeah I'm serious
Love normal well thanks so much norm and have a wonderful day in a wonderful weekend and the bug off
In the India real comedian he's real kind just like our president man
A lot of dead people but the president still chartland and chocolate and you know
And normal the same and normal be really excited know that joe beland clearest were both in there this morning both the suggesting that
I should be on this station for many years to come
Clearance that I echo those semis wasn't that sweet sweet and I said how many how many a dollars would you like to pay me a year
But 30 bucks a year I said I'm gonna be very seriously
Yeah
Blabo always should play a last-year thing shouldn't be in honor of the departed blahbo
That's what the Brandon says what do you think
Sure no when you're how come you're so we're we're lucky no over the facts machine facts these are the fault of fat one oh
For blah blah man diabetic fat
He all kinds of sugar and stuff like that ice cream candy I'm positive now
I'm dying on the hands I didn't know he was dead
Who's that man on in the morning
Six to ten on S U N
He's the guy the next time tell oh he's crying he likes to think he's known the one blah
Bell
He's bigger than the close
Bell
His eyelids are the
Everything's back to all the medicine. Okay, I'm not sure sure that's a good thing
The biggest man in radio today
He plays the songs and make you sweet
He steals material from me
Absolutely
He gives the time and the weather's looking fine
It's time to play the song again
Blah Bell
He's bigger than the close
Blah Bell
Hold the presses now this thing you just facts me do you look at it of course I did
From Greg Reed is going to be for real of course it is
Well, what's that other name?
Greg, that's who he sent it to to get it to you
Oh I see at QAM.com
Greg Reed says 32 years well keep giving him hell
Let's get Greg guy in there he was he always bargained a little bit better in the current guy
Little more gently
Little beastly smile
Come on, jolly Joe
The biggest man in radio today
Let's make the son our sister station
And bring the blood and hear today
And if the clap man could lose another kid
He'd have more boring songs to play
Blah Bell
He's bigger than the close Blah Bell
His eyelids are the most fly bell
The biggest man in radio today
Blah Bell
He's bigger than the close Blah Bell
His eyelids are the most fly bell
The biggest man in radio today
What's the biggest name?
The vast average number of people
We're trying to find 62 AM
The fourth leader
Oh!
You heard me
You heard me
You heard me
You heard me
You heard me
You heard me
I like love shanko
I love
Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream
How cake with chocolate chip ice cream is good?
Ringing
And chocolate is aggressive
Wait, chocolate is worse than the chocolate chip ice cream
That's nothing
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly donut?
And then fill it with chocolate through the ice cream?
Mmm
I like to stuff a jelly donut for the Reese's peanut butter cut
Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate melt into the dough
And about peanut butter and jelly
On a chocolate covered grey and crack
Within my ears of the man around town
Mmm
Can I have a little lemon in my water please?
I make chocolate chip cookies with M&M's
I make chocolate chip
They don't melt
Yeah
So you can have a little more lemon in my hard water please
Still like a lot of lemon?
Uh, no, I like a little fresh orange you squeezed in my energy garden
No, sorry
Okay, then, lemon
The Crohn's they got chocolate covered orange wedges
The juice just dribbles down your chin
Oh, yeah
Junior, can I have just a drop of honey in this please?
Just a drop
Where's your natural food?
It's covered with that thick dark chocolate
You know?
Oh boy, how do I write this stuff for an amin' a donut?
Mmm, mmm
Mmm, get the honey junior
Give me my honey junior
To the cover thom
Well, get it
What else do they cover with that chocolate?
I mean besides the orange wedges, grapes, peaches, strawberries
Junior, the honey
Those big juicy stem store berries are dipped into that dark dark chocolate
Oh
Mmm
Mmm
Get the honey
Get the ice
I know
I like bananas!
I know what butter is up to your faces anymore
You know, that was a banner day two on the show and actually happened on this station
Right
When Sonny called in this, not Sonny, what was the other one?
Which I'm curious of
The actor's name
And what was the other movie? Was he Sonny?
Sonny La Palotta and...
Get the honey junior
Oscar Lapidas
Oscar Lapidas
He did that by the way he did because he was big and fat
Get the honey junior
Because you notice in the movie he never really said get the honey junior
He said get the honey
You did that just for us, he hasn't already died
Of course after he died we all said
He died?
Yeah, like that
He was fat, big and fat guy
And he said
Well here's a little bit more on that story
Now the peaceful protest may have turned into chaos today inside
Miami-Adison High School which George Hiz is a...
Gangster School
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
I said Gangsta
With an A H on the end
Oh see, important
Have all the kids had their pants down in the bar on their ankles?
Yo, yo
Kind of like Larry Craig, huh?
They have white stances there
Not that white though
Nobody does
Multiple police including City of Miami date and Miami school board police were called to the school
Some in riot here and some of keen on units
Channel 10's JC Berks of the scene said
He was told by students that started after a staged protest and defiance
Is something that happened yesterday at the school which we talked about before
John Schuster, a spokesman
Oh by the way I see that Brian Murray is the coach of Ottawa and he lost again last night
This spokesman, you suck Brian
John Schuster spokesman for date schools confirmed that there was a student gathering
School police were called in to step in the situation and handle it efficiently
Step back in, remember that?
Step back in?
No
Do you remember Michael was telling a...
Oh yeah
Step back in
I thought you were talking about a song
Schuster said students are back in their classrooms and school now is running on a regular schedule
Everybody's regular and affects its bomb, Tom Fred
Bob Tom Fred, they're all going to the can
Bob Tom Fred, whatever the names are
In fact maybe Larry Craig is hiding in one of those stalls, wouldn't that be something?
Miami Fire Rescue told Channel 10 that five people injured during the scuffle including three police and two students
Schuster would not confirm those numbers
We were called in as a backup for the school board police department and things got hectic
When we got here our job was crowd control
No police, no students were seriously hurt, no shots were fired
Said Del Wisch Moss at the Miami Police Department
A spokesman from the Miami school board police said that students pelted police with milk bottles and books
When they tried to disband the group, not good
Well look at that Texas of Bama 49, Clinton 44
Holy moly rat man, look at that
Ohio Clinton 46 of Bama 40 and she's dropping like a rock
That's the latest scene in poll
People were brought out one by one in handcuffs
Schuster wouldn't confirm it or how many people were arrested
There were reports of several officers and as we are here
And as we hear, as we were here several students told us they had some injuries as well
Said Ignatius 80 Carol of Dave Fire Rescue, this is written very very poorly
But it's in a hero what do you expect? Oh no it's not Channel 10, even worse
Like they raced to the scene as CEN
Well that's the worst spell I ever seen
Drivers were pulled over along the side of Ina, they filed a watch over what was going on
But police said it was causing a gridlock
Parents had been told to go to Bloss East of the school
To North West 60 Seconds Street and third ab to pick up students when schools let out
The school is at 61-61 Northwest 5th Court
Well, and George said it's thanks to school
Gangsta with an A. God
Mr. Yeah, yeah, Mr. Gangsta
Well, there you go, more crack going on boy, people get pissed off and they just get violent
It's the American F and way
We probably should play that one, I think I've got a bleep version of it
You notice how I played the happy anniversary thinking by mistake?
I played the bleep one, now that we've never seen a douchebag again I have to do that
That's right
Now it was a little bit of variety
Now let's see, which of these?
That's the American f***ing way
Oh, well I dumped that one, that was the wrong one
How about?
That's the American f***ing way
Yeah, there we go
That's twice today I had to dump something I played, that's not good
That's great, what are you talking about?
That's how you know you're doing that right
Here's another facts from Peggy Faithful Female Lister
My sons and I have loved listening to you these past 15 years
Good luck, I hope you stay on here for a long time
Thanks Peggy, that's sweet
We've had very nice people out there that we had a lot of ton of facts
And now who arranged for these call-in on these promos on these rejoins?
Who'd done that? Did you supervise that?
Well you know how it goes, management has an idea
And then they say hey do something then and other people do it
And then they take credit
Yeah, so yeah
I'm not giving credit to management for it all the way
It was actually actually doing clearance to come in there and
Clarence told Josh and he told me it's like
Eh, what are we gonna do?
And I told Boca-Brind to do something and then everybody did something
And then management is running around saying hey deal how much like what we did for you
They are?
They asked me then?
They will
Now where did the right shout call come from for example?
Where did the suds call? Where did they come from?
Well obviously some of us, somebody has their phone numbers
And gave it to the appropriate people and they were more than happy to comply
Oh wasn't that sweet? Yes
Yes
Where's the call from? Let's see who am I expecting one from?
Stan Major
How about the call from the bird?
That would be good
You couldn't do that could you? How about the call from the old system?
A PD Bolger
A Bolger would be great
You're sassy
How about the call from the Dingo with his peppercorn Josh on his Parmesan cheese
Yeah
Well they're sure you're right I could write a book
I mean you know something I would take the time and make the effort to do it if I thought
Anybody would buy it or read it but neither one will happen
Sure
Come on you can still out on e-game
I don't want
No chance
562 votes there's Barack
We've seen this as before
In Texas he's kicking or asking how he's moving ahead and you wait till Tuesday
By the time he gets a Tuesday he'll be like seven million points ahead
He'll send it
He'll send it
He'll down the sway
Can he go for the new projects?
4.560 QAM
The sports leader
The old
Yeah
I'm sure of me
I'll try to put the down
And set the hand
Watch a congregation
I tell it right away
That this is the art to take care
I'm sure it's over
One in the nation
All the states give a dollar
For Joe Biden
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He is too much
I feel into my clothes
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He's too much of a guy
He hears my Philippines
He might maybe still want to
You're so poor, my baby, I'm so poor
You're so poor, my baby, I'm so poor
Our friends all be jacked up on the surface
I'll be ready to pray
I'll be steady now, my soul will present me
I'll be on for it's acquired now
She'll be singing away
Sing true your choice
That's my choice
Make your vow and say it
That's my choice
That's my choice
That's my choice
That's my choice
That's my choice
Be true your choice
Oh
Everybody owned of it yes their line is good, and it's clearly our own And is good brought to life
Won't broken hands, Training by this product
Keepa Priv Guardian
Everyone joined Tears I totally agree I want to be Just like Kim Skyjler
with the $30 G4 price
I wouldn't need to be fun as a fancy bad room lawyer
computer microphone and take a green deer. Even a slipper like broken
Brian has better equipment but even sour. Oh and I grow up I want to be just
like your Skyler then I wouldn't have used it my day. Here comes my cell phone. I
want to get a Jim Skyler thing in there before we left. Let's see if that's
appropriate. We had quite a lot of young nils. KJ, young nil? Well that's right I forgot about.
Wow that was nothing wrong with that when I like. No, young nils are classic. I'm
sure no I'm talking about this one right here. Oh that you'll work that way. I
don't want to be just like Jim right there. It's really here. Okay let's take
over that pole we're almost out of time here. What is shame because I'm sure that
we had calls coming in from the White House and from the Queen or some Queen. Now
how come that last break again is only three and a half minutes second day in a
row what's that all about? I just don't have enough spots to fill the whole show.
You know this popular is used to be. Yeah. Not that we didn't know that in there.
Right well just don't have the pole. No we can't. You know something you're
speaking of a pole a Chris would have pulled his weight and believe me that's
asking a lot. Woo! We made 600 easy during the show because we got
175. What? Oh well what? Oh well my ass. Uh huh. We go. Oh what a
negative attitude man. Your catchin is from George. What are you talking about?
We got a 1600. Well that's right we had the 1030 some odd on the
upper two. That's right. That's right. That's right. See so that you've learned
to cheat. I told you to cheat on the poles. Maybe just like what's his name
there? Futsi Tutsi. It's over there at IOD. Futsi. My God get a get serious all
right. Are they actually paying him for that? Duff this morning was
swooning. He said his radio somebody accidentally switched it over there
on that show. He said the word show in history would be like a compliment for
it. That's how bad it is. Futti you suck. Once the most cheeseburger and once
the most pizza and every day he does like two you know and they add it in
whichever one wins and they put it up against another one. We can do that for
the rest of the next 20 years if you want to. I thought he's gonna be on that
long but I mean what the hell kind of crap is that? That's that's a pole. That's
your life. God. I'm thinking maybe Greg Vidal you know. Okay. I'm talking about
somebody who's hated and reviled by everybody. I'm thinking maybe Gregory Benjamin
Vidal. You know who we didn't play today. Joy. We can roll it huh? Joy. It's a good
time. Oh it is. Great. Neal. This is noodles. Watching
reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste. All right noodles.
Wow. That's a lot of people who laugh at their own material especially when
this is even slightly funny like Omar. There's that a lot. Yeah. And John Stewart.
Oh you can't say that. I just did. He's not funny. Oh no. Which station
you worked on? Did you enjoy the most? That's our poll. We got 576. If Chris
would have given this thing a big 570. We need 22 votes in nine minutes. We're
not gonna do it. No are we? Man. Too late. What? No. 2.4 minute. No. No. Oh I
mean we could have. We had a big rush here just in honor of my anniversary. We
need 22 in eight minutes and 43. 21 now. See. They're coming in by the ones.
That's all right. Like you said we got over 1600 today. That's a real feather in my cat.
Which I'm gonna take one right now as a matter of fact an Andy cat. Which station
did you enjoy the most W I O D not even close 301? Now stop and think about that.
Mull that over in your mind for a minute. Okay. Mull over the format. Mull over
who the people were. Mull over what it was all about. Mull over the fact that we
all used to have this interaction that we were like connected. The shows were the shows were
connected to each other like ligaments. You know what I mean? The shin bone connected as
opposed to here. Which even the sports shows quite frankly are connected. Do you know
I mean by that? No. Yeah you do. Only listened to QA126. So those are people admitting that
they really have no you know nothing to base of the peanut. Data 75. That was my choice.
I had a really it was only a year. But we had a great run. If Tim Williams wouldn't have been
such a whoo such a silly pansy man we could have been on there forever. Of course then you
wouldn't have come along and then look at how your life would have changed. Right. WQ.
WQM34 you might have actually had one. Don't like any of them 19. 3.2% in like any of the stations.
Don't like me. Don't like to show. Hey George wish he would croak. Think that Chris is a
disgusting slob. Stuff like that. Well one out of three in fact. WNWS10. WS news.
The Casper Lou drone. Barbara Studdley. The Jewish people I love. My love. The Jewish people I
know. Oh my god. I should have done about a half hour on that crap. Talk about fake. WINZ9 and WDKAT
only five. That's because everybody else is dead. Including me guy who said first week I was on
the air on KAT back in 1976. Rogers. You're terrible. You'll never last six months in this market.
Rogers. You'll never make it for six months. And now here we are 32 years later. I'm still on the
air doing pretty well making a few bucks and guess what? He's warm food.
And like I know where to go. That's why I'm asking you George. I think to the land and go.
I'm very. I think you know it's a change. But he I'm not a boy. I just don't yet.
If you want to cross the fishes or all the land cause this lands only at that time. I change my
bleeding with the money in the cover. I'm begging him to make some change.
And let's see what he has done. He's a power. I just told you. And I know you talk to
another man in the tank. Come up with that chain. Let's say it. Let's get out of the house.
I got a post of it. I need it. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. I'm dying. Come on.
Some moon. Hey John. Oh,. Come on.
Oh.
The biggest names the best talent. Are you sure?
Box Radio 560 Wo Two AF.
On a beautiful day.
