The music expressed on the previous program is the basketball game started in colors and do not reflect those of the Beasley Bronchess group.
It's staff, advertisers, or agencies.
The biggest names of bests.
Not today.
Pen for the listening to sports radio 516s basketball.
Here's Joe's a gaffa gaffa gaffa gaffa.
Be clear.
Be clear.
Be clear.
On 560 WQAM.
It's out of here.
Be great.
Don't show your area again.
The dislike of being by humans creates greater spending Wednesdays, including minutes from hours.
We're born, we start dying, we die a little more every day
Young or old, richer poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it
So we look long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you see
Decorate your house in green and red, cause someday you'll be dead
I'm dying on the day
Dead, dead, someday you'll be dead
Oh
Dead, dead, dead
Someday we'll all be dead
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now
But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you
Uh-huh
So be sure of Christmas Eve when you snuggle into bed
That you'll thank God for your family
Cause someday they'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead
Someday they'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead
Someday we'll all be dead
Who knows how many Christmas's are left in their short life
Nobody knows that's my point, enjoy the while you can
And so on Christmas morning let good tidings go
Oh
What a festive season
Someday you'll be dead
Oh
Dead, dead, dead
Someday we'll be dead
Dead, dead, dead
Everyone you know
Dead, alive
Very Merry Christmas to you
Dead, dead
That was up 147
Woo
Merry Christmas everybody
Yeah the goyema got the Christmas trees and the Christmas lights on
It's not even Thanksgiving yet
We got two days to go to Thanksgiving
And you farbicin' a goyema
They just can't stop rubbing our noses any, you know
The rest of us who don't want to participate
You don't want to play the game
Mm-hmm
That was up 130
Well what
At what point do you think it's appropriate to start crack
Cracking out the Thanksgiving, the Christmas crap
Oh you know, if I was a boy I would have hit a good Christmas crap
And a good this year was crap
Oh
I'm a crap in my brains out all morning long
I don't know why
Maybe it's from two days ago
What would they was it that I just ate and ate
Yeah maybe because you're just full of it
Well, everybody knows that
At least I don't deny it like some people
Oh and speaking of some people denying
So the rumor according to George is
Well George heard it
Right
To the grapevine
Sure
That across the street they're very pissed off and fired up
About the fact that I mentioned
I mean why wouldn't we mention it
If we have some dirt on
Then why are we going to put it on the air
You know, it's okay for them to trash the hell to me
Oh that Roger is he stealing my
Yeah, he makes up the numbers
Yeah, like yeah
Right
But in the meantime they're going syndicated
From 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Five hours right in the middle of the day
When people are awake
Wasn't bad enough when Joel Feinberg pulled up steaks
And he flew the hell out of there
He knew when the hell to get out
They're flailing and failing
Their numbers are pathetic
Not that we got anything to scream about
But at least we admitted I admitted
The rest of our station we don't talk about it
Because what's it got to do with the game
You know, what's it got to do with the game
So 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
They're going syndicated
Talk like sports you know like Jim Rome
Or whatever the hell they're gonna be
I don't know what it is
Something really good I'm sure
Oh yeah
Because syndicated sports in this market
Always gets at least a
And usually right around a
Oh sure
So what happened to their big superstar
Jorge Sedano
I guess they gave up on little Jorge
And the interesting part of all this
Is what can they be spending
Right in the day
But by the way
And this is just a rumor
Yes just a rumor
Is that they're gonna move Jorge
And just sits in slot
Ah
Just a rumor
And we're sick going
That's a
You know TBD
I have a fear
Maybe I know where he's going
Maybe a way
Fight fight fight
Oh no
Fight fight
Just a rumor
Mm-hmm
That's the latest rumour across streets
That's if the kid is on a way out
Maybe maybe he's going to take that job
It's serious
Seriously
Have the serious stock is doing right now
Toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi toi okay let's see
Sirius XM radio ink the stock is 15 cent
It opened at 17, but it's already down to 15
Oh no
How do you like that
15 cent. A couple bucks worth of that. How about $10 worth? I mean, six shares for 90
cent. So say six shares for a buck. So 10 bucks gets to 60 shares. I'm serious. 15 cents.
I'm going to tell you something to the Thanksgiving from now till the end of the year we all
have off because if we're going to depend on the audience like like this email thing, I'm looking
at it right now. No items in this view and the stuff that did come in this morning, I wouldn't
wish it on Sid the kid. That's how bad it was. So he's getting blown out over there or else he's
going to take that seriously. He's leaving maybe. Maybe. Maybe. That's the rumor. We don't want to
start any false rumors all the way not. So Jorge Sedano is getting shoved up to mornings and they're
so they're giving up 10 to three. It's called capitulation. Maybe like he's stuck. Huh? Might as well.
Might as well. What? Give up. Yeah. Well, we sure have in some day parts. I know that. Oh,
I talk about reading my mind. Yeah, we've given up because what? What did I tell you a long time ago?
When it comes to competing, see, it's really ironic. The greatest irony of the whole thing is that
here's a jock sniffing radio station. That's all about athletic competition. But when it comes to
competing, these people don't want to. Oh, we don't want to. No, we don't want to. They're part of
the fraternity also. You know, the one that we're not in. What does that mean? That these are
frat brothers on these two radio stations. That's why we, you know, we help each other. We don't
want to compete with that radio station. You pick it on fat Chris again. No, not me. Let's have the
fat brother show the beast fat Chris and we can bring the Humber back. Please let. And who else?
And Jack, and let's bring it back and Zach, although, anxious, Zach, crants, gotta, gotta move up and out.
Now, gotta, you know, something I'm never going to forgive him for that. That was the worst act of
he's, he's a sabotage. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if he shows up across the street with the
what's his name in the morning. Jorge Sedano. Nice supermarket, though. Jorge, no speaking English,
but good supermarket. Okay, let's see what we do have on the emails here. It's pretty weak. It'll
take, you know, maybe till the first break. Oh, here's the interim poll we did yesterday,
boys and girls. It was inspired by some chronic crank out there. Oh, the Eisner Mickey bits are
boring and the audience hates them and they were suck and you suck and mad at it. So we did a
little interim poll on this to see, you know, instead of just one or two Ojón provocateurum,
let's find out what the take of the audiences. What's your take on the Mickey Eisner bits?
446 votes. I love them 283 63 and a half percent. I love them. I love them. They're okay. 73 WTF 47. What the,
and I hate them only 43 9.6 percent in last place out of the four categories. I hate them. 43 and
probably a couple of those Ojón provocateurum goyam. They probably voted several times just, you
were angry, were a hostile, we just pissed off. We don't know why. We just, yeah. So 43.
9.6 percent. Overwhelming. They love them. In addition to which guess what when it comes to the
bits, I mean, they're so few we were allowed to play anymore. So I'm going to play whatever
they want to play that we're allowed to play. And maybe a little tiny bit of stuff we can't
play. Then we even had that one about all and not any other really terrible bit that we're tired
of hearing, which we can't play anymore. Anyhow, we haven't played in years. Is this?
Hi there boys. Yeah, playing bagpipe. That's a classic one of the all-time classic best. Some of
you people your taste is in your tukas, okay? In your tukas. Here's Madeline who sends me an email
yesterday evening 626 PM. I think I might have been taking a BM around 626 PM. And it says subject
Neil is angry today. Maybe it was that time of the month, Madeline. Madeline says hello. I downloaded
one day's show and I'm listening to it now. What's the matter with Neil? He's grumpier and lacks
his usual grumpy man charm. I don't understand why his mood fluctuates so much from show to show.
Let me give you one little clue to that Madeline. I'm a human. Oh no, we didn't know that. Yeah.
Why his mood fluctuates so much from show to show. Can you tell me what that means? I don't know
why why doesn't. Maybe we've ought to find out why Madeline's mood fluctuates so much. Maybe
because she's a woman. Please tell him to check his blood sugar or avoid stimulants like caffeine.
I don't consume caffeine, which can cause a drop in serotonin levels, especially in those with
diabetes. Serotonin, if you don't know, yeah, we know is the hormone responsible for positive
moods. Well, let me go get some candy then. Also eating bananas helps us to raise natural levels of
dopamine. Let me see if I can go find me a good banana. Maybe Matt Cassel ain't busy right now.
He's the top banana in bean town. Madeline, how come his mood changes so much from show just
another stuch, just another shot. What kind of cheap shot can we take? Once we opened up the
emails, man, made the phone call seemed fantastic by comparison. Error be malcontent every misfit,
everyone with a little is on emails. If it's actually like a comment or something worthwhile to say,
it does it become non-existent. The beginning, the first couple of weeks, boy, it was great.
And they said what they had to say and they disappeared. Oh, here's some. An article. Here's one
from Ron an article student arrested for passing gas at school. Yeah, we had that story yesterday.
Did you ever find out what the drilling was? Says Adam, I have no life in the kitsner water
Lou. Yeah, the drilling is construction. And by the way, it stopped. I went down to complaint.
It stopped. Here's one that said, oh, this is from Gruber Tuchus, who's obsessed. Oh, look
at this. Come on, the Eisner Disney poll was so wired in favor of the bitch George must have
voted 50 times plus all your suckups. If he had a poll that read what current Neil bitch should
never be played again, the winner would be between Disney, Eisner and Chris Matthews.
Does this guy got good taste or what? Wow. Both are extremely boring. Both are not funny.
Both caused major listener tune out. Well, why don't you tune it out? Okay. Bye, bye. Bye, bye. Please
please no more of either bid, not bid bid. George may love them, but remember that A-hole George
still thinks South Park, American dad and Simpson's are hilarious. He definitely has a juvenile
sense of humor. Plus, I think he's hit his head too many times on the skinny ring floor.
Yeah. You know what I mean? I'm ready to get out of here. Yeah.
So good morning and happy Thanksgiving and
best. The best talent. You're his new projects. 4.00. You're 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader. No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written
permission at WQAM, BVB broadcast group incorporated. Wonderful WQ Air 1 5 16.
Hey, it's Chris Matthews from HODBO on MSNBC. I'm his daddy is a Catholic
schoolgirl. Gone to see the John his brothers. I'm literally tingling all over my body.
I'm having this sensation. I'm back at high school and my prime day in his hiding place.
I literally feel like I've eaten a York tap and metadie and a cold breeze is blowing through my hair.
I truly have not felt this good since Nancy Pelosi accidentally pressed her hand against my
man-junk and the congressional elevator. I feel as if I'm completely naked on top of a
mouth-needing pepperoni pizza and drinking chocolate and you who make a plate and total
dish regard for fairness is actually worked out in my favor. I think the only time I may feel
more happiness is when I have to sit down and write out what I owe in taxes for the year
and it's almost half my salary. It's going to be great. Of course there are more
means that make them close to that happiness like interviewing the opposition. People have voted
for John the King like this post love. How do you feel, sir? Well, I can't hear you.
Go ahead. I tell me how you feel. What I want to do is through your brain. I feel the
amicably gone. Go ahead. What do you want? Go ahead. Go ahead. Thoughts. Then I'll have to
let you finish and thought my guy would. And Chris Matthews, I'm a sent-be states. Oh yeah,
those bits are terrible. You know, between Ed and the bridge tender and playing backpipes. Yeah.
And certainly Mickey and Eisner. I think maybe on Thanksgiving day since the beast and who
else is going to be on on Thanksgiving. It's Jesse, I believe. Oh, the beast and Jesse. Well,
that's half a loaf of humanity. They're Jesse. Eisner. Yeah, they could just play that before.
Sure. Get a bigger number than Sid the Kid. It's one thing to have a big mouth. It's another
thing to have numbers to back it up. He does Lawrence Wilk radio. You know, a one or two. Not
a three. He never gets to a three. One or two. And sometimes they, oh, like that.
Eisner. But they can talk a big game over there. Would open up a big, stupid
mouth. Anybody can do that. But the fact that it matters. There. I think they're on the way out.
That'd be a good pull. Which one's going to go out of business for a serious or
waxy? The ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket. Huh? Which one's going to go under first? That was
up 99. Although Hank Paulson speaking. It was up more than it was up more than that. And he's
opening up a stupid mouth. And by the way, fake Tom Jikker. Nobody cares about Alan Comes. Okay.
He doesn't even exist. Oh, Hannity Comes split up. Nobody cares.
He was just, he was just the stooge. He was the in house stooge for, uh, Hannity to pick a part.
Didn't work too well. Did it? Oh, here we go. In the wake of the expansion of the Bubba
the Lovesponge Empire, Cox active rock WHDR morning man, Jay Lalonde exits. Woo. This is also
from the fake Tom Jikker. It was very busy today. Lalonde says, I want to thank Kevin Vargas
and Mike Disney for my three years in 93 rock. Did you ever hear him, Jay Lalonde?
Nope. Did you ever hear them, Pazzo? Nope. Never heard of you, Jay Lalonde. Three years in the
market. Never heard of you. So thank Mike Disney. All you want. Go kiss him on the red nose.
Wow. And Brenda Macklemore showed up to get her hair dyed at a local JC Penny salon in
Downing California. She probably didn't expect to hear no. Unfortunately, that's exactly what
happened. According to Macklemore, the receptionist at the front desk told her we don't do African-American
hair. Macklemore said he was astonished to be denied service strictly because of her race.
Now, wasn't because of her race was because of her hair. After writing several letters to JC Penny
about the incident, they represented responded with an apology explaining these salon's receptionists
didn't feel these salon's employees had the technical proficiency to perform the service required.
Macklemore was not satisfied with that answer. If you only want color, I'm not asking for
a permanent salary, anything else. It doesn't take a special personal special skill to do that.
She said during a press conference last month, a press conference. How do you like that?
Well, she went to get her hair done. Actually, she's doing press conferences.
Macklemore recently called upon prominent defense attorney Gloria Allred to represent her in a lawsuit
against JC Penny in the lawsuit. All red charges that JC Penny violated. California's Unruh Civil Rights
Act, which prohibits businesses from denying services based on race. We don't do African-American
hair. They said, how do you like that? Oh, here's an attachment from somebody that says,
this is great. And I'm still deleting it. What part of don't send me attachments and don't send
me links? What part of that do we have to explain to you? Maybe we ought to go like on TV and draw
a diaphragm. Right. The part where you say don't is the part that they don't. This is great. And there's
you know, the paper clip and I just deleted. You blame me? No. I don't have time to popsky around
with that. Okay. Say something. Instead of sending me some stupid article, I mean the last one
was good about the lady with a hair. Gelt. Here's one that says, hey, Uncle Cornelius, will you be playing
the rack on Thanksgiving day? If you haven't made plans yet, please do, son Andrew. I won't be here.
Neither will George. Nope. Oh, here's one from the fake clearance. The rumor George heard is true.
As soon as the kid will be coming to QAM, he'll take over a big-o's morning slot. Oh, yeah, right.
I'm going to tell you something if they brought him to this station. Listen, don't discount it.
If it's a stupid idea, they're bound to like it. Oh my God. Talk about a death wish.
Also, Fat Chris and the Beast will be working together on his show. Tell Fat Chris, I hate him and
I hate him being on your show. That'll take effect January 9th. Thanks, fake clearance.
The fake clearance is said the kid's going to be doing the mornings five to seven a.m.
Now, what do you think? Do you think they're really that stupid?
Yes. That's what you think they say. It's a will. I'm saying they're that stupid.
I don't think it's going to happen now. They are that stupid but I don't think it'll happen.
Oh, let's hear it for Fat Chris. He admitted they are that stupid.
Talk one up for Tubby. You must be on your feet. They must be getting ready for a big
Thanksgiving feast. Now, what don't you like cranberries? I just never got into cranberries.
I don't like cranberries. I don't like cranberry sauce. Oh, well, I don't like that gel. You know,
what's in cranberry sauce? Yeah. Like in a can where it's like a... Oh, yeah. That's nasty.
But cranberry is a great... Oh, good stuff, man. Sweet. It's really good. The best part, of course,
of the Thanksgiving dinner is the stuffing. Anybody who denies that has got taste in their
tush. That was only up 82 points. It was off to a really good start and then Hank Paulson started,
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh and they all looked at him like, are you crazy? Why don't
the whole Bush government just resign now? Retire! Huh? Why'd they do that? Just have a little
decency. Obama's already working feverishly to put his economic group in place and they're
grouping and grouping and get them in there already. You know, we don't like you. And that includes
Hank Paulson. Everybody hates you like poison. No items in this view. I guess they shot their
load this morning. Six hundred sixty-one votes on the pool. What do you think? We had a shot
of a thousand. I don't think so. Yeah, I think so. Two days before Thanksgiving. People are
beasy now, man. They're beasy. I would die if anyone ever found out that I blank. I have nothing
to be ashamed of. 138. Half people liar. What are you? Spanked my weeny 98. I mean, come on,
grow up already, will you? You would die if anybody ever found out. That's like saying,
I've got everybody knew. If anybody ever found out, I took a BM. I thought everybody did that.
And everybody knows it. Yeah, well, have sex with prostitutes 46. What's wrong with that?
Emma O'Holik 33. I wonder if Disney voted on this pool. Voted Republican 25. I can understand.
Listen to Neil 24. That's right. That's our closet audience 3.6 percent in the closet.
Get stoned at work 17. Why didn't no George voted on this? I don't get stoned at work.
Sleep of the teddy bear 16 and gay 14. I would die if anyone found out I was gay.
Emma Virgin 13. Emma Crossdresser 12. Voted Democratic 10.
into a ballroom dancing 7. Watch soap opera 5. Vengeance purge 3.
Out of 662 vote. That was up 88. Not too great. But at least it's continuing in a positive
direction after Friday and yesterday and. Isn't that great? Yep. Here's one that says,
where where is it? Oh, yeah, from Jerome. Jerome Scrogans. I am buying Syria spelled C-Y-R-E-U-S.
And I'm going to be rich and I will not share my newfound wealth with George.
Signed tiny and crap coral. Not cute? Sure. Yeah. Unless I understand. These emails make you really
scared to even go outside. Okay, will you play the rack tomorrow then? No, I will not play the rack.
We can't play the good stuff anyway. So what's the point? Yeah, I know about Tony Cigarette, okay?
Oh, Brandon. Kimmy a break. Is this my friend Brandon, the real Brandon?
I got the story. I got the whole thing. Oh, God. I had tifters in WTVJ. Let me know it was going to happen
soon, but not this soon. Tony Cigarette was retiring at the end of the year from WTVJ. Thanks, Brandon. I got it.
Brandon, well, it's, you know, holidays now. People don't have the immaterial.
Hey, are you cracking your knuckles again? Yeah, God is going to punish your ass.
What biggest name? The best talent. He's a new Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM. The fourth lead.
The biggest names. The best talent. It's the big dog, Joros.
Weeked in morning 7 at 10. Sport Radio 560 QAM. The sports leader.
Neon God.
Oh, Fatboy sent me some crap. Go away, Fatboy. Go away with all your boyfriends from the ticket.
And stick it.
Stores are already selling crap. All Christmas.
It's too damn early.
Haven't even had work yet. And they want to put me in debt shopping on.
Dog. Nets.
I don't want to hear bells or sea little bells or rolls of holiday wrap.
I don't need to see lights or things I like nighting.
Surely to give a crap.
And if I see a sidewalks and the all give him a slap.
Stores are already selling crap. All Christmas.
It's early and every year.
They're setting up the major scene.
I hope that this don't sound mean.
But we just finished up with Halloween.
Stores are already selling crap. All Christmas.
You're fairy.
It's too damn early.
I don't want to hear people sing.
It's a freaking thing. It's not even saying.
Fade.
1032 at 560 WQM. Let's take a look at that Tuesday schedule on QAM.
We got the big O. Rock solid.
Two to four.
Mad Dog at Chulis 4 to 7.
Dolphins tonight 7 to 8.
Just an abomination of an hour.
And then we got Oh Hurricane Hotline 8 to 9.
Why is that?
Probably because Thanksgiving is on Thursday.
Oh.
And then 9 to 11 we got DA.
9 to 12.
What?
9 to 11 says DN and midnight to 5 ESPN radio.
So 11 to midnight we must be doing transmitter.
It'll probably be DA 9 to midnight.
Well don't assume anything when you're dealing with this program director.
Well that's the truth.
That's what was last night.
How the canes do.
Come on. Nobody even emailed me on that yet.
They win. They lose. Does anybody care?
No.
Obviously not.
So Jeff high a regular O.
Jean provocateur tub of crap.
Happy Thanksgiving Fatboy and you want to know how I know it's from the real one.
How do you know?
Because it's it's about evidently a sedano or a sedano went nuts about some rant about me.
And of course he's got a paper clip attachment on there.
Fatboy. I just.
I just check this out and I deleted it.
Oh well I forwarded along to you.
I don't know if it came from him.
It's amusing.
Why do I what do you mean it's amusing?
Oh it's amusing.
Listen to it during a break I just did.
What do you say?
He said that he be two in the ratings.
He beat you during the election.
I know that's why it's amusing.
And they're doing great over there and they beat us all the time.
And he beat you.
That's why they go and syndicated from 10 years.
And that's not true.
What you say a lot of times syndicated isn't true.
And a lot of things.
Give it a little bit more.
This started this message started with Ozzy Rodriguez producer of the horror
his adano show who took that clip and forwarded it to
Howard Davis who's the abyssal over there at Lincoln financial media.
And then from Steve White and then it went to let's see.
Somebody else Tony Viscardi whoever that is at the ticket.
And then he sent it along to Hester Jerry and Jeff high.
So we know it's the real fat boy.
Tommy Jeff high.
See one thing about you guys across the street.
Anything that you send to Jeff high he'll immediately send to us.
So just keep it up.
Just keep they've got a real leak over there man.
Talk about a mole.
Oh yeah.
They're all moles over there.
God almighty.
They've got like an open pipeline.
Every time somebody farts over there we smell it at QAM.
Even all the way up here I can smell it.
Oh god.
It must be that Howard Davis again.
Not to be confused with that.
So he beats me in the rating.
So when was that during an election that you listen to a drink.
It's a fun.
I'm not going to and and he talked about how hot for him you are.
Right.
Swaycheville thinking sounds like to me.
Fat boy.
I'm not going to listen to it during the break.
Don't you understand I don't care about them.
No I do understand that.
Why would I waste my time?
Never the last.
Because it's a music.
Say it again.
Why I'm not getting into a tinkling contest with a bunch of losers over there.
Who are putting five hours of syndicated talk on the middle of the day.
Tony Viscardi was one of them.
Yes.
Senior accounts executive.
Oh one of the sales holes over there.
Well he must be a fat boy's buddy.
They must go out there and rub elbows and asses out there on the street.
You know who is the senior account executive?
Who's that John Weiner?
Stoo gots.
Uh-huh.
Is the sales hole?
Yeah he's a senior account executive slash host.
I thought he's a superstar radio host.
So they got the sales people or the air people selling and the selling people on the air.
Oh my god.
Where are he?
Uh-made of themselves guy also.
He sucks.
From Eleanor Breffer.
Oh, I know what is Ron and Michigan.
Will you get a life already?
And it's a it's a clip from an article she wrote months and months and months ago when we were having our big
concert times there with the Jolly Jobelle.
After a decade a QA and the King of South Florida talk Neil Rogers had enough to beat the book.
Uh-uh and then it says here how old is this article still listening in Michigan.
Old Ron not as old as me but it's old.
I'm not going anywhere nobody wants me okay and at least I'm honest enough to say that.
Nobody wants me I'm pretty sure these people don't want me either but I got that deal you know.
And you know what I'm going to stay here just out of spite because I'll take the money number one
and number two just a spike.
Remember that word in that article yesterday spiked?
Yep.
And that email I got it was a good email too.
We had some good stuff yesterday left over from the previous week.
Too bad we ain't got no more leftovers.
After Thursday you'll have lots of leftovers.
That's one thing about stuffing as good as it is um fresh out of the bird.
Leftovers oh thanks give me leftovers are fabulous.
Am I right?
Oh yeah.
Mmm that's hurt me a tricky sandwich.
Oh here you go George sent me uh this is great.
Yeah George wrote you wrote this is great?
No.
Oh fat boy wrote this is great.
It's not great anything that for he said now he's a groupie he's uh one of my
groupies for Christ's sakes and all of a sudden he's a talk host over there.
The King's won 80 to 45.
All right 80 to 45 what did they play at girl school?
San Diego.
Oh like I said San Diego what a bunch of pansies.
Armando the fake Armando says the other day I saw the new picture you
posted yourself on the website and the next night I had a dream
with you really no lie.
How?
Now George does that make me gay anyway have a great holiday?
Oh god get a life Armando get a life.
Here it is you and 80 San Diego 45 somebody emailed it to me.
Wouldn't that nice?
Yep.
Here's one from the open toolbox.
Homelessness preparing to solve an existing problem and it's not even my name
isn't even on here.
You know what I mean?
I think the audience should should get a real taste of the kind of swilla comes
in on a seame.
It's a press release about homelessness and it's sent to the media from the open
toolbox.
Oh god.
I told you these emails were going to be at a salvation of this show.
Oh listen to it during the break.
Listen I was really surprised to you.
What makes you I wouldn't have said what makes you think I'm interested in
anything any of those losers have to say over there.
Normally nothing but I thought it was so ridiculous that you would chortle.
Well I did.
It is pretty funny.
It is pretty funny.
Well good.
I already deleted and I'm not bringing it back.
Jorge Sedona.
Everything he says is wrong.
Yeah.
Is untrue.
Nothing.
What do you want him to say admit that they suck over there and we pound the crap out of
them in the ratings.
This should I get the trend out again.
Well I mean I wouldn't waste the time doing it but shall I get the trend out and read it
again from last week.
But they beat us in the summer book or something that I don't know about.
No they do not.
No.
In mid days.
Not even close.
All right.
Why does he say that?
Not even close.
Because he's a liar.
Oh.
He's a freaking liar.
Oh okay.
They think they like most people in the market they think when they talk about ratings
they can go on the year and make up any numbers they want.
They don't realize that I've been doing this on here for like 25 years giving ratings
and that when I give them out whether they're good, bad or indifferent I give out the
real ones because they're right there in black and white and print and people can verify
it and check it out.
Jorge.
Not you.
Oh I know.
Jorge supermarket.
I don't know what he's bitter about if he's really going in the morning there.
Morning drive boy he's going to take a dive in morning drive.
You think Sid does bad in there.
Wow.
Joe Rose will pulverize his ass.
Oh here's from your friend grubber.
Talk to us the one who doesn't like this bit and doesn't like that.
Oh yeah.
This is just another sour bastard okay.
Just a professional sour bastard.
If Jorge is covering for you on Thursday and Friday know he's not going to work on Thursday okay.
Jorge don't work on Thanksgiving day.
He's a big shot.
Then please tell him that there are three things we do not want to hear.
This is the guy who's appointed himself as the as the individual who will tell us what they
know.
I know something I don't want to hear.
Now what they do want to hear what they don't want to hear.
One rock music who they want to listen to rock music on the AM station.
Two is vasectomy pitch.
We know he gets a saw bug for every snippy refers and three the roller rink.
It's all teens and preteens skating along with George on penifile patrol.
I know something I don't want to hear.
This guy's emails these emails yeah.
From grubber grubber to us.
Oh my god.
You want to hear this as much as I want to hear for H.
Dono and the biggest names the best talent is the mad dog.
Yeah, man.
Sports radio 560 Q.A.M.
The sports leader.
God.
We're back with one of my favorite people Tom Cruise.
But first let's get to something next.
A little more serious.
Sure.
Bring it.
Okay.
What happened with the guy who made charges about having a relationship with you?
Where we are now is a really beautiful place.
Madly in love.
Come on.
Oh yeah.
I know what he wants.
I know I know.
For the delicately.
How to play his stuff.
You know what I'm saying?
I get it.
What's important to me is casual sex.
No kidding.
And the pornography and all that kind of stuff that's accessible on the internet.
You know, I'm sure you have that.
Absolutely.
Yes.
I love stuff like that.
Right back with Tom Cruise after this.
Hey, Tommy.
You can hear it.
You fairy.
Hearing that laugh.
You know that lady like laugh.
Yeah.
So anyway, just to humor you because you get a lot of yourself to get suckered in by that
Jorge Sadoano crap.
I think it's the name that did it.
Must be.
So I went into my drawer.
My ratings drawer.
Okay.
Here are the monthly's for the summer.
Men 25 54.
First of all, here's the men 18 plus.
Many 18 plus in the summer book.
QAM 3.1.
Cross the street.
Not on the first page.
Not on the second page.
A tutu.
Oh, he'd look lovely in a tutu.
And then in the August of September, October trend, we had a 3.4.
They had a 2.3.
All making a gigantic move there.
They went from 18th to time for 17th.
So it wasn't many 18 plus.
And was it men 25 54?
No.
No.
Let's see.
July, we had a 2.9.
They had a 1.3.
From 10.
This is 10 to 2.
In August, 6.6, they had a 5, which they'll never reach again.
Trust me.
In September, we had a 3.6.
They had a 2.9.
And I don't have the extrapolation for October, but I'm sure we'd be
this is not out of them.
Just keep going on here and lying about ratings.
You know, keep lying about it and making them up.
So that's why I don't waste my time responding usually to crap like that.
You allowed yourself to get suckered in because fat boys sent you that crap.
First of all, when you saw it came from fat boy, you should have gone like that.
My copy didn't come from fat boy.
What?
My copy did not come from fat boy.
Who did come from?
TC Meister, whoever that is.
TC Bubble Meister?
Yeah.
Bubble Meister.
Who's that?
I don't know.
Well, somebody will inform us.
Okay, somebody will let us know who TC Bubble Meister is.
Made up name.
Probably a PD Lenny.
Although why would he make up the name?
He would he'd be bragging about what he was sending it to us?
He'd be rubbing it in.
Oh, it's PD Lenny with the inside scoop.
Another radio yenta.
The market that douse only up 21 points.
It was doing nicely and then Hank Paulson opened up a mouth and bup bup bup bup bup bup bup.
And all of a sudden went down.
How serious doing, by the way.
Georgia was sitting there at 15 cent.
What a drive.
I'm going to see if Maria is going to tell me it's a real buying opportunity today.
Maybe if it goes down to about 12 or 13 cent.
I might five five or $15.
Here we go.
I'm flipping on it and won't even open up.
And won't even go to it.
Terrius.
I said, Maria was stocking and it just it's just stuck there.
Why do you think that is?
Huh?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
The douse is going to go in the negative.
It's up 1.75.
It's going to go in the negative.
Uh oh.
Florida judge.
Turn the way for Martin Gil who challenges a law to adopt two foster children
that he's been raising for four years.
The attorneys for the state plan to appeal.
Judge Florida judge rules in favor of gay adoption.
How do you like that?
Yeah, this will not open up.
You think it could really be that bad, serious, Doc?
Maybe it's got a minus in front of it like they do.
Eyes across the street with their numbers.
Boy, they're really a hoot.
I remember back in the beginning when they first went on the air,
they got some wired 18 to 34-male diaries.
And so they had, you know, like one trend that carried them for three months.
Oh, this is going to be our demo.
We're going to own it and all those guys across the street are so old.
And blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
I don't like to remember that.
And then once that wired diary month disappeared and the real members came in,
they were like with a minus in front of it.
Start over like that.
You guys can talk all you want.
You can suck around with very jackass all you want.
All these other media losers.
The fact that the matter is it's an experiment that is failed.
I mean, it's questionable whether there's room for one sports talk station in the market anymore
because this is a format that's just, oh my god,
talk about running its course.
Wow.
But we got four now.
And of course the guys over there at James Crystal Radio with their point.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, nothing.
Fredric in the focuses, you're right, the email sucks like the Doll Fans.
That's cute.
Doll, D-O-L-L Doll Fans.
The fake Roger Magawen who can't even spell Magawen
at uga munga at yahu.com.
Yeah.
Yeah, Tony Sigerredo is a zalky to that.
Retiring from NBC6, I think the ears got too big for the camera.
It's like when Dave Game got too wide for the screen.
Tony's ears were like protruding off the edges of the screen.
Kind of like Kelly Craig is doing over there.
Good morning, Neil with the announcement that Tony regretto
who looks like the love child of Liberace in Contracular
is thankfully retiring getting his ugly mug off TVs at the end of the year.
I'd like to suggest the following poll.
Who is your least favorite local TV news personality of all time?
Tony Sigerredo, Angela Ray, Brian Norcross, Rick Sanchez, Sally Fitzpitter,
for I like this poll.
Walt Cronice, Joe Rose, Kimba Bo camper, Elliott Rodriguez,
Vilkamaal, Dan Cofflin.
Obviously there's some left off here, right?
I reckon.
T. P. S. is the fake Roger Magawin.
If I buy George some, probably finally forgive me.
No, they'll take the property won't forgive you.
Excuse me for speaking for you, but no harm no foul.
Now who was it that you got the thing from?
The thing, the email.
Oh, TC Meister.
M. E. I. S. T. E. R. Meister.
Look at this. From the fake Tom Jicca, George is hosted the George Zadano show on the ticket,
Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
And there's Monday through Friday, noon to three.
And who cares?
Who cares?
So maybe George Zadano is the fake Tony Sigerredo.
Who knows?
Erda Tony, Tom Jicca, whatever.
Oh, here's more from the open toolbox.
Time to block that, baby.
The open toolbox.
What, what is that?
I don't know.
You get those two?
Maybe.
I mean, this morning I had like 50 from,
oh, I need your assistance immediately.
Thank you so much, kind sir.
I mean, coat the I've won.
Oh, brother.
Here's one from Ron and Coke on a Creek.
How are you today?
I just got this email from a friend.
I thought you would like it.
And just put it in your birthday.
It will show you the number one song on the day you were hatched.
Have a good Thanksgiving and keep your sack warm.
Says Ron.
And it's a, I don't know what it is.
I'm sure it's a link.
One song on the day you were born.
Let's got a link to a thing here.
You care about the number one song on the day you were born?
I don't know, maybe.
I don't.
Okay, thanks a lot, Ron.
Got a good idea what it was.
Not what?
I got a good idea what it was.
You do?
What was it?
Oh, I'm guessing I want to hold your hand by the Beatles or something by the Beatles.
Here's another one from the Faker and East Ocean, excluding athletes and coaches
who is the biggest piece of sub-human scum to be affiliated with the University of Miami.
Here's the list they got.
Slice to loan.
Dan La Bastard.
Gloria Estefan.
Luther Campbell.
Vanilla ice.
Brian London.
Charles Groden.
John Sakata.
Roy Firestone.
Mickey Erison.
Drew Rosenau's.
Manny Diaz.
Alex Penga.
Oh, excuse me.
Peanipicania.
Hilly Anna Ross.
Lateman.
And whoever brought in Bufo.
Bufo Toads from South America.
In an act of fairness and equal time,
I'd also like to propose the following poll.
Who is the biggest credit to society?
Do you have as I ever produced?
The list is as follows and it's blank.
There's no names.
Ah.
By the way, the obvious winner of that is the
unmancipatable one.
704 votes on the poll.
Now what's the story?
We got the one for tomorrow on there?
Oh, yeah.
Nice going, Eric.
And thanks to Ashawn from Hollywood for a couple of decent polls.
Yep.
Yeah, we're putting Charlie B out to pasture for while he needs to rest.
A radio host Todd MJ Schmidt said he's had enough of on-the-air
mudslinging by Radio Shock Jack Buppet Love Spongebob's Clim.
Clim is accused of stealing money from Clear Channel
and calling him a lion piece of crap, a snitch,
and a real modern day stool pigeon.
And he has repeatedly referred to Schmidt's wife as a horror.
Clim characterized his comments as parody.
Schmidt wants to judge to decide whether Clim is crossed the line.
The MJ Morning Show host in this wife, Michelle,
filed a defamation and false light lawsuit.
What does that mean?
False light.
Don't know.
Lawsuit begins Clim in Hillsborough County's circuit civil court yesterday.
Also named in the defendant's our Cox Radio,
which broadcasts Clim's Morning Show and Bubba Radio Network Inc.
He has absolutely played into every aspect of me coming back in my quasi-war
I've waged on him.
Clim said, what about phone?
What an idiot.
What a...
You're fairing.
The Suits says Clim claims to be exacting revenge against Schmidt and his wife
for allegedly orchestrating his prosecution after Clim broadcast the castration
and slaughtering of a pig on his show.
Clim went to trial on animal cruelty charged in 2002 and a jury acquitted him.
Schmidt was one of the top four or five people behind our arrest in the trial of the hog
deal.
Femton listeners of his show, Clim, to lawsuit.
Boy, like a bunch of little children over there in Tampa.
Jesus, God.
Clim also accused Schmidt of having secret meetings at the time with Hillbrostate Attorney Mark
Ober, the suit alleges.
Michelle Schmidt is former assistant Hillsbrostate attorney who worked in the Mr.
Meanor division.
A spokeswoman for Ober declined to comment about being mentioned in the Radio Disjockey's
bat. Schmidt's on vacation couldn't be reached.
His attorney, C. Philip Campbell Jr. didn't return call for comment.
Campbell said in the court filing that Clim statements about the Schmidt's are false,
but Clim compared the thing he said about Schmidt and his wife to a Saturday night live
or something.
Purity.
Well, it's chopped off on the right.
I know you're surprised.
Everything I've said about MJ is my opinion.
Everything is outlandish, Femton said.
He's not a midget.
Obviously, he's not a snitch.
The dueling this joke, he's are no stranger to public feud.
In 2000, when Clim's morning show aired on local Clear Channel sister station,
WXTBFM, an intense dislike between the men began to show.
Intense.
Clim reported on the air that a 500-pound Tampa man was getting help from Schmidt's
morning show to get wave reduction surgery and once been arrested for a sexual offense.
At the time, Clim's show was number two and Schmidt's show was number one in list of standings.
In that dispute, Schmidt said Clim violated Clear Channel policy and not to wonder
mind Bash or attack and sister station.
Schmidt cleaned out.
His office didn't return for a week.
He cleaned it out.
He cleaned out his orifice.
Clim's current morning show debuted in January and broadcasted for the beat but a boot put bump, etc.
So they're having a Schmidt fit.
Why do that was coming?
So when is Sid the kid leaving, brother?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, if you know, Rajax, you're 4.
You'll find 60 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
This is the Neoronger show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
No.
You see
Doctor who was the most popular dance whistle battle of Christmas.
While the applause made him absolutely drunk andú
I'm ready to play some music on the new registration
What the last eight years gave us hyperinflation
In the new update
The ancient things should be in the past
With all the repovertoos in your ass
All your moves should crack and cause that breakdown
Here's a bell I've kept, not a great vacation
U.S.A. is detonation
And now the god is hyperinflation
U.F.A.
11.02 at 5.60
There's a heavy pulsing and I'm sure it's on tape
I hope it's on tape
That was hanging on man, it's up 13.70
And serious is hanging in there, 15 cent
You want some?
Oh no, thank you, I'm cereal
For free
So we never found out who was that sent you that thing
Who was it again?
Probably a fake name
I'm sure
A fake name on the email?
Come on
Yeah, that's all we get is fake names on email
All the fat boy, that was one that was for real
Unfortunately, the fake joy rental says
Pay attention to you since you often lament
It's to my negativity regarding WIOD
But here's something for you
Here's something for you
Says the fake Joey
Thank god WIOD is bringing on Phil Henry
One of the most talented innovative broadcasters in the industry
And in the era of talking clones, it's nice to see that Phil Henry won
Return of the year and two tweaked is already winning formula
I give major kudos to WIOD
Now when is he on?
When is he show on IOD?
Ask him to
Come on
I'll Google it
Alright
Well they called today about the bangin and clangan
It's going to end on Thursday
I'll have something to be thankful for on Thanksgiving
There you go
They're doing construction right up above
Oh well to be back tomorrow and Thursday but then
But a beep bit of boop bit about they're going up to the 85th floor
Let's see, I don't see anything about Phil Henry on here
On the IOD website, I see Jimmy Cifilis
Okay, here's schedule, let's see, schedule
Coast to coast, South Florida's first news
That's Jimmy Cifilis
Glen Dreck, Rush Lardas Limbaugh, the Schmidt show
Sean Hannity, Mark Levin and Coast to Coast rewind
Where they replay a tape
I bet you've had Joe Bell likes that
Oh that that was down 20 points, dammit
Coast to coast rewind, where they play tapes over again for two hours
Well there's nothing more desperate
But then again that's radio
This is the life we have chosen man, this business blows
But serious is 15 cent
I said I won't even mention the IOD should have taken a step further
And given cephalo the axe but hey a nice step in the right direction
Well maybe if somebody knew what time he's going to be on or whatever
We could promote Phil Henry
Are you sure?
Not that we really care but you know
So in other words he's come back from his right wing adventures
Now that the election is over and the right wing has got the other
He really sure did good timing on that didn't he?
Oh yeah
Jumping over to the other side and then all of a sudden they get a warrant
They get just oh my god, womped
Just like the dolphins on Sunday
Got walloped
Me
Frank says on poor Frank, Frank I don't know where Frank is but he's definitely out of touch
I'm so glad I'm working from home today since I left Florida in 2003
It's hard to listen to your show
Great here you and George have a great Thanksgiving
You too Frank, congrats on your new contract
I hope you took them deep
Yeah you took it deep alright
Yeah deep deep in my
Brackum
50% pay cut I really took him deep Frank boy
Talk about it in a touch
Out a touch
Hope you took him deep
Oh
I just want to sit on the floor and cry
A lot of people be talking about it say that
And you're getting sucked into attachments with stuff from the George Sedano show
You ought to be ashamed yourself
Alright
I guess I didn't teach you well
I wouldn't have sent it along if I didn't think it was just ridiculous
Oh here's this thing about Ann Colter, the three people to send me about
She's got her mouth is wired and she had some brokerage
Nobody cares
Nobody cares, okay, grow up
We won the election, it's all over quit with the baby crap already
Too many of you people are involved in baby crap
Oh Ann Colter and Sean Hannity and the billow
Who cares?
Get a frickin life
Oh Phil Bill Stedon and back at magic
Oh boy
As tipped in a wild back
This is from the fake time jicca
Lincoln financial oldies magic one oh two brings back
Veteran radio program or Bill Stedman to be PD
He replaces Bob Hamilton who left the station in August
We received scores of applications from across the country from qualified candidates
But Bill stood out as the right choice to lead
Magic one or two points out in the future
SVP GM Dennis Collins said
Oh Denise, oh my god Dennis Collins my ass
I wonder if that tomb is still sitting out there in front
The tombstone
Yeah
I wonder if tombstone or the douse down 71
Yeah I told you I'm stone
Hank Paulson spoke a little while ago and now the douse taking a big dump
Coming back to work with some of the same talented people again as the biggest attraction for me Stedman said
Magic is poised to continue its evolution as a force in South Florida radio
With a stellar team in place and organization committed a success and growing presence in the community
It shows you really can go home again said below. Here's the the poop on Phil Henry
Here's the schedule
Segar Dave oh no
Oh on the weekend this is on the weekend he's gonna be on
I don't know I said he's on from 8 to 11 at night on the weekend
Well, isn't that a big deal?
And one to 3 p.m. Dave Zeppler with Segar Dave
Oh my god another make-believe broadcaster
Long ashes and
Exaltations
Another tamper reject
I'll tell you one thing man tamper is a pretty crappy radio market, but they sure as I'll have
Branced a lot of their disease all across the country you know it seems to be from Lionel and
Segar Dave
Maybe he can go on with standing to the coughing show
Turn your head and cough
And then you guess what which dog you they're smoking on
Is that over?
Wouldn't that be a hell of a deal?
You get to stiff it
If it's kind of like the wheel of meat the wheel of smoke
What are they smoking and we can't have George do a guest appearance of course we know what he's smoking
So here's the story Tony cigarette or we're tears from NBC6. Woo! We big news
This picture here what did I say years ago about how bad he's aging?
Yeah, he don't look a day over a hundred
Broadcasting career spans 40 years covering sports and news and South Florida. Here was a silly sports guy and they made him into a silly news anchor
Tony you can't complain about your credibility when it comes to news because you don't have any none
Zero although he does know which runway is which at MIA
Remember when that venue jet thing crashed no that wasn't it that wasn't the ever glaze wasn't it?
What was the one that crashed like right outside the airport a few years ago?
I don't know
And Tony was on there breathlessly telling us oh it's runway XL9 left
Like like anybody would know that what which runway is with who the hell knows that?
Right nothing I guess he was showing his expertise on the Yoko community though he knows his runways baby
Tony cigarette announce today that he'll retire from WTVJ at the end of the year
Retirement comes after 40 years of an illustrious career with WTVJ. This is from Yog Yog Yog Yog Yog Yog
So you're right to join WTVJ as an intern in 1968 and grew professionally while carrying out a variety of jobs
First is photographer moving on to produce a reporter and sports anchor before being tapped as the main news anchor and what an ego too
Remember when him and sloppy Vellope wanted to be picked up in limos and given to those new channel four studios remember that?
No, which then became channel six or whatever to became cigarette was covered every major national international sporting event including two Olympics and over 17 super bowls
He's interviewed two US presidents traveled a Cuba for a papal visit and was source of critical information while reporting about major weather events including Hurricane Andrew
Tony has always been a key member of the NBC to six news team because of his experience is inside of the South Florida community as deep and goes on and on and on
We will definitely miss him professionally and personally we'll miss those ears my god I think in this picture they got him pinned back like with a safety pen
Yeah
SIGRANO's commitment to his community has been clearly demonstrated through his personal involvement with many charitable organizations and it goes on and on and in 2009 he'll be inducted in the Miami-Dade College Hall of Fame
What is that?
I don't know my career is in the broadcasting Hall of Fame. Okay. No somebody mentioned that to me yesterday email. I didn't know there wasn't broadcasting Hall of Fame. I'm sure Mike really appreciates it now. Why don't they do it when people are alive not after they're dead? That would be too cool.
Upon his retirement from WTV J. C. Redd will continue to reside in South Florida with his wife Rosanna their children Anthony Joseph born in 94 and Samantha Rose born 98.
The following is a statement written by Tony SIGRANO to be shared with his colleagues and with the South Florida audience.
This, did you read this on your last night? Do we notice anybody watch channel six? No. No. Should I read it? It's not that long. Okay. Sure. No. I don't want to. Good. For 40 years WTV J's been my home away from home and turned treating me like family. Yeah, just like they treated Bob Weaver, huh? Hot Tony.
They practically put him in the grave and closed the lid poor Bob Weaver. They've treated him like family. Isn't that something the way these people talk? God. This subhuman business the way they just discard people like used dish rags.
Now weaver the weatherman there was a guy man. There was a guy. Good guy. No BS. No silliness. Well, he, you know, he was silly when it was the weatherman, but that was his stick. Remember? Yep.
You're going to be driving. Did I drive carefully and used to like tiptoe? He'd like look like he was going to fall over on his tiptoes. He was a great guy. Weaver the weatherman. Now he's dead. They screwed him over. They blew him out and he died.
I moved back to Maryland. Yes, I'm out of touch. You need to get on satellite radio. Says Frank. What does that mean?
Get on satellite radio. Well, how is he listening now? How did he hear what I said about his last email if he's not listening now? I'm not going on satellite radio. Okay.
It's not going to happen. So quit joining the quit jumping on the bandwagon with all these other silly people. Oh, here we go from the fake Tom jicke. A whole release about the triumph.
I'm going to return to the fill and reshore. Wow.
At a boy, Phil, you're going to be a big success on the weekend. Are you sure? Absolutely.
The biggest name of the big talent. You don't give me a budget. Sport radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader. Big shot.
I met a priest when I was 11. He said he would say my soul. But we made a D2.
I'm the way to heaven. And into his bedroom. We did take a stroll. Well, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer. Both up is broken when they thank you, man. I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
The next day, I felt like a sinner. And I showed up to get communion. Put on my tongue that was in a wafer. And it wasn't one of dripping up my chin.
Oh, my God. Well, he was standing in his underwear. Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Both up is broken when they thank you, man. I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Well, the fake time jikers sends along some very important information. There is a radio hall of fame for a junior just like there was a Santa Claus.
And it's got a list of the inductees for this year. You want to hear them? Sure. We'll kill a lot of time.
Hey, listen, talk very slowly today. Okay, based on what's coming over here.
A email thing might actually have to take a few calls here today all the way down it. That experiment yesterday, which you suggested, by the way, was a disaster.
Do it again. Okay, radio hall of fame, 2008 inductees, Art Bell, Art Bell. Oh, my God.
Jess Kane, Howie Carr, Bob Collins, focused on the family. What is that? I don't know. Michael Mickey Luckhoff. What do you call me?
What? So keep going. And Charlie Tuna. Not to be confused with the big rotten tuna, the one that's in mind.
What was that? Oh, I'm blowing on. Oh, my God. That sounded like I can't tell you what it sounded like. What did it sound like? Hell.
Did you hear that, Chris? Yeah, of course. I'm on the other room. Sound like like that. Oh boy. Trust me. I came out of his nose. I don't think so. Trust me.
Peter says, wanted to ask you after reading your Wikipedia bio was that small radio station where you got your start WCGR. It certainly was, Peter, not that there were a whole bunch of stations in Canada, when New York.
It says, I knew Mr. Kimball and the sons, Russ and George, Mr. Kimball. That's West Kimball to you, Peter. As provincial and crappy as that station was, it was at least at least at foster the community spirit that was nicely quaint.
This was the type of station where you can call them up when your dog ran away from home. They would learn everyone in town to be on the lookout for the month. Happy Thanksgiving.
Pete and Tampa, PSG are Dave sucks. Now you're talking to me.
So guard Dave sucks. All right. God, what a jerk. Oh my God. Dave Zephalowicz. Another another one of these make make make believe broadcasters. A large ass limbal wannabe with a big fat Stogi permanently a stuffed in his pus. God, Dave Zephalowicz. Remember those days? Oh yeah. That was during our tenure, right? Sure. Met him several times.
Look at this. Why Pahu woman? A Vegas novice wins 2.4 million on the wheel of torture. Oh my God. At first she thought she won two grand. All the numbers on the slot machine just in register. But a boyfriend wouldn't stop yelling and other casino players flocked around. Oh yeah. When there's a big jackpot that come running from everywhere, man. Even from out in a parking lot.
That's when Jessica abguang abanag of wipe out realize that a $16 wage had brought in 2,000 in $136,000, $165. The mananza came Tuesday on the Wheel of Fortune Mega Jackpot machine at the California hotel and casino and Vegas never heard of it. Did you? Nope. The date coincided with the birthday of her late grandmother and avid Las Vegas gamblers. See that maybe grandma was pulling the wheel for her. She was pulling it.
Everybody was like grandma was with you said, Agnog. Ag. B. You and AG Ag. Buna. Ag. Agnog. You have Agnog on Thanksgiving or just on Christmas? Just on Christmas. Why not on Thanksgiving? I don't know. They don't have it. Well, why not? It's just not around. Agnog is good. It is especially with the ground. Oh, Brandy.
A 24 year old babysitter who didn't plan on gambling during her first trip to Vegas on 2.4 million on the Wheel of Fortune slot machine. They're just repeating what they just said. I'm excited. Just as Jessica said during her phone and from Vegas. I didn't even know I would win. I just wanted to come here and shop. I didn't even know I would win. I mean, what kind of a statement is that? I didn't even know I would win. Is it just me or is that rather inane statement?
I mean, how do you know if you would win? You wouldn't. That's the point. Yeah. A 2002 graduate of Y. Powell High School, the jackpot on the birthday of her grandmother who died two years ago. And it just keeps repeating the same. Who sent me this? Jesus God. Frank. Her grandmother's game of choice was slot machines. Before hitting the $2 million jackpot. Agnog won twice on the other Wheel of Fortune machines earlier in the week where they stayed when they arrived Sunday night. She won $300.00.
$1.00 slot machine following morning. She won 280 on the 25 cent slot machine quarter slot later that day. She stopped gambling after she started to lose money at about 1140 PM Tuesday. She wanted to see whether she could regain her winning streak and inserted $16.00.
A $10.00 bill of five and a one into a Wheel of Fortune dollar mega jackpot slot machine. And she hit two million. The audio. The audio.
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio. The audio
The audio. When asked he asked her to name it
A couple sold 400 of the toys in 90 minutes for a bucket piece and
1945 400 bucks with some serial money. I was speaking a serious 15 cents. It's hanging right in there, baby
15 cents a share. All right
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money. I'm serial
The same year they introduced the slinky they borrowed 500 bucks to former company that was eventually known as
James industries to mass-produce the 20 fill it off the area
By the late 50s the couple had a 12 acre estate near Brynmore, Pennsylvania
But Richard James seemed uncomfortable with material success. Oh
Yeah, he didn't like that money who wants that filthy money. You know, it's got germs on it and stuff great
and yeah, oh
Wait till you hear this
He left this family in 1960 to join a religious cult in Bolivia and died there in 1974
He'd left behind six children between the ages of 2018 and a business in shambles
He'd left in 60 to join a religious cult in Bolivia
Yeah
God maybe he drank the cool aid died in the 74 these religious people always had their hands out
It'd given so much a way that I was almost bankrupt
But he James said 96 at the Austin Texas American statesman
She later recalled in 61 is her toughest year. She moved her children near her hometown of Al Tuna, PA
Made a 450 mile weekly round trip to Meantodifactory while a caregiver stayed with a children Monday through Thursday
By 1965 she had moved a slinky plant to Holidays, Burgner home where it remains today
It remains they still make slinkies
Sure, yeah
All sorts I'm supposed to know that of course you are
They still make slinkies. I'm gonna go get me one and go out on the patio
All the way along and just sit there and watch it bounce back and forth and back forth and back
Using a mortgage taken out on our house James gambled everything she had went to an Nevada to a New York toy show in 63 and
Orders once again came pouring in set her son Tom James in 2005
What if that's Tommy James from like and the chandelier, you know not not more than how do you know
Just get more than 300 million slinkies have been sold according to a company history the toy now sell for almost four to five bucks
That's pretty good bargain for a slinky four and a half bucks. I'll say I'll take two
Well, no, I'll take one then I'll the other I can buy some serious stock with the rest 15 cents baby. Oh, yeah
James was also credited with expanding the slinky line to include slinky junior plastic and neon colored versions at center and so on and
The slinky dog made newly popular by 95's toy story and slinky pets among other products
The gris is in sound that the
Roll steel slinky makes wild in motion is but one oral memory childhood for many baby boomers and the Ralph spring and
oral memory like that
Razberries, you know
The other one is the catchy commercial jingle which debuted 1963 and includes this refrain everyone knows it's slinky
It's slinky it's slinky for fun. It's a wonderful toy. It's fun for a girl and a boy
Whether you're a Jew or a boy
The reason everyone knows the jingular son told the Philadelphia inquiries that we went broke to buy a new one
We burned it in the mentality of the country. I never heard that jingle in my life. You got to be kidding me
Now
Everyone knows it's slinky. It's stinky. It's never heard of it
I'll find it on YouTube and then we can all sing along the sir. I don't want to hear it
I don't want you to be good idea find that and then you can also find that George Savannah thing
Why can't you play that on the air from their air?
so
Ready
I get the favorite all over town a head of the day when you're ready to bite everyone knows it's slinky
Oh
There's a visual
You want to get a drink
And boys and girls more fun with slinky full toys slinky caterpillar slinky trying slinky hippopotamus everyone wants a slinky full tie
Never heard that in my life really
Well, that's the best thing. It was simple. She often said no batteries nothing to wind up these new toys on the market are lovely
But not everybody's got 40 50 60 bucks to spend on a child among our survivors are three daughters and three sons
Betty James she was 90 years old and now she's dead
Although she sure outlived hubby by long by long long shop by 30 or four years
He went to join a religious cult in Bolivia. Oh my god. Oh my god exactly
How are we doing on your pole today? We're not paying too much attention that why not?
756 too much heavy duty crap going on. Oh, I don't think we're gonna make no thousand today. Oh
We're going for 900 I thought
What does this mean what are you talking about another another well? I'm looking another fake article from the fake Tom jicke about Phil Henry
about his girlfriend was a practicing Buddhist and
It's just after less than three years W.I.D. A.M. and Miami have had their fuel. Oh, this is from 1996 old stuff. Okay, Tommy get with it
Add dial on that to the 1156 break
Yes
Yes, what does that mean? I is it complicated? It's already a four-minute break. Oh
No, we took some now
Well, what do I care do you think I'm paying attention with the spots are?
There are sure none that I have to pay all no man parts on cops story coming soon
If you blow too much you're in trouble
Absolutely
So as you drive on
The white house says we're on to now can't be sure
They might strike neck yeah, well nervous Rex because of all of the stress
From space as we better watch out he is the word I
Says be protein
And I'm
This ain't not
But when now not
Joe yeah, I think there are hopes they give me a stroke
We'll ignore it yeah, I enjoy the ride
Like I just squirreled the satellite radio subscriber and sending a machine now it's print now aren't you excited you gonna fix this problem?
I beg your pardon you gonna take care of his ass. What did you say Jorge said? I was in a hole is that what you said?
Is that what I said that's I never he said Chris I didn't hear that now
What do you do slug my cup of bucks every week or what?
We talking to now keep him licking your butt anyway here it is from Jimmy
Hey, Jimmy
Oh, the cubs fan. I hope this isn't the cubs fan that kept calling in and bugging me. Oh my god
You're on a bad wagon yet. Yeah, they sure did good in the playoffs didn't they Chris they just kicked but oh wait another guy
Kick your own butt. Yeah, I emailed you a couple of weeks ago saying what a fan
I was a satellite radio and how your shows the only one on terrestrial radio I listened to well forget every compliment
I paid the serious 15 cent
Since then they've merged all XM and series channels rearrange many channels and change formats
Introduce censorship on some stations aired more commercials and allowed them more on DJ's see app more and more
Now it's a struggle to find a station I can just sit back and listen to oh and here's a surprise
How it's firm took a whole week off again? I wonder who gets paid more paid vacation the king of all mediocrity or George W
Bush looks like how we listening to nothing but MP3's and your show from now on and that's just fine by me
Happy Thanksgiving to you and George suck it serious
Wow Jimmy. Yeah, we use that line king of all mediocris it mediocre
I like me. Yeah
Oh poor Jimmy well they sucked you in man and you spent some money and they got your money and they're going broke 15 cent
I mean even easily even BBG eyes like 91 cent six times as valuable as that crap
That should be our slogan. We got six times more crap than serious
Okay, let's take a look at that pool they're they're trickling in today although I'm getting really tired of some of these fake like fake time jica
Wouldn't it be something to be to be watching to be like a
fly on the wall and
Watching these two or three people who of course are sending a 90% of what comes in on the email
Neil at neorages.com by the way. Is there email address? It's free it cost you nothing
How does that thing come in with the text messages that we were gonna have oh yeah forget about it
769 votes on fat Chris's poll he's very
Depressed that we're not gonna make a thousand today. No way
I would die if anyone ever found out that I have nothing that I'm ashamed of 397
Spanked my weenie 109
Have sex with prostitutes 51. I'm an alcoholic 35 listen to Neil 31
I would die if I found out that I listen to Neil
voted Republican 27 and gay 24 I would croak if I found it if anybody knew that I was some old fag
Get stoned at work 19 sleep with the teddy bear 17 that I'm a virgin 14 voted Democratic 13
That I'm a crossdresser 13 enjoyed ballroom dancing eight dining and dancing
Watch soap opera 7 and binge and purge for seven 70 dining and dancing joy car man
There was a talent. No
God he was just
What a good guy either no
No
I never met him, but that's what little Bobby Savage told me in our sense they're both dead
I mean, you know you can say anything. What about dead people
Right right. I mean depending on you know if they have an estate the estate can always sue you if you like
If they were important like Elvis, you know
You could make up some crap like Elvis was a cross-dressing fag and then of course the who I'd like a Lisa Marie
She'll sue your ass. I see
Or whoever's got the rights to his crap, you know
A West Virginia man who police said past gassed and fanned it toward a patrolman has been charged with battery on a police officer
I feel like that. How can you commit battery with a fart the gas attack? Oh my god
What a world what a country man
Jose Cruz 34 of Clarksburg
Was pulled over early last Tuesday for driving without headlights police said
According to the criminal complaint Kruz smell the booze had flared speech and failed three field sobriety test
Before it was handcuffed and taken to a police station for a breathalyzer test
Well, I guess they didn't realize his mouth was in it. Yeah
As patrolman T.E. Parsons prepared the machine Kruz scuted his chair toward Parsons lifted his leg and passed gas loudly
The complaint said I guess it wasn't a thought with a silent but deadly weapon Kruz according to the complaint then fanned the gas toward the officer with his panty
Yeah
Yeah
The gas was very odorless and created contact of an insulting or provoking nature with patrolman Parsons to complain to ledge
It created contact of an insulting or provoking nature with his nostrils I guess right
Oh my god even nostril dominance would be embarrassed by this
It was also charged with driving out of the influence driving without headlights into kinds of obstruction
Kruz acknowledged passing gas but said he didn't move his territory of the officer nor aimed the gas into patrolman
He said he had an upset stomach at the time
But police denied his request to go to the bathroom when he first arrived at the station. I couldn't hold it no more
He said
It's a good thing. That's all he couldn't hold
He also denied being drunk and uncooperative as the police complained ledge
He had and he was upset for being prepared for breathalyzer test while having an asthma attack
The police statement said he
At first resisted being secured for a trip to the hospital and then he requested for the I don't understand
He's something yeah
Kruz said the officer sought the gas incident was funny when it happened laughed about it with it with him
Now that story is a real gas it says oh why did they write that?
Why didn't you write it?
Scooted his chair lifted his leg and passed gas loudly and fanned it with his hand toward the police officer
And guess what a lot of you progress you deserve to have some gas passed in your face some classical gas
some smelly old gas
God
So who do you think is the fake time jicke
The same as this fake everything else fake rigged you know. Yeah, Frank's anywhere. Oh my
Mr. Radio's back oh
No, and it's a picture of somebody
Sart alabrera
W. I. N. Z airborne traffic. We got a picture of older. Why do I want that?
Mm-hmm. Why do I care about alabrera or W I. N. Z airborne traffic or the stupid picture mr. Radio
Jesus god you're really desperate desperate
Well, this is cute it says x's our life slinkies no effing use whatsoever, but it makes you smile when they get pushed down the stairs
moderately cute
Yeah, where's all the stuff about Tony cigarette oh, oh just to clarify Jimmy says I'm not the chronic cup fan you mentioned
Thank God if that guy was still around I'd kill somebody
Tune in late did you talk about Tony cigarette are we carrying from no channel? Oh Rob get a life already Rob. Do you like it? I could care less I
Could care less
Neil have you seen the website I hate neo-rodgers dot c a oh that ought to be cute. I'll actually click on that link
It's this I hate rogers dot c a oh that's about that's about the cable company oh
It doesn't say I hate neo-rod alpha to know that boring
And here's another picture from mr. Radio of big Wilson. He sent me pictures of dead people now
Get a life mr. Radio okay. You're a loser lifeless loser
I'm just I'm going through these and there's nothing there but a bunch of stupid pictures right
Here's one. It's a picture of the Obama's standing in downtown Miami last month
You've seen this beautiful shot no I haven't seen it nor do I care nor does it do anything for me?
Is this the Lee Fowler show as somebody it sounds like it to me all these chronics
John says I just love to hear these emails you get from these geniuses who seem to know what your show either needs or what's wrong about
Obviously these people have not been listed as for long as the rest of us you
Either like it or you don't the price is right. That's right. You like it or not take it or leave it like a Bob what's his name says on the fan take it or leave it
God I had a question as to whether or not you could do me an uncensored show accessible only on the archive page
I'd love to hear just one hour if you want censored playing and saying whatever you wanted
Maybe you could turn into a pay for listener podcast hope you're well in Toronto have a happy turkey john elayquarth
I'm fine and no we're not doing that
I'm an old fart. Oh here's another mr. Radio an old picture Larry King
At w i o t. Oh that's exciting
And another one old picture of Rick weaver mr. Radio's lost it. He's lost his mind
Are you getting these two or just a may mind the only one you're the only one. Oh my god get a fritter. I like it please. I have no line. Oh
God
And then this guy claims he's not the original chronic mr. Radio there's no doubt
Sick really really sick
Rick weaver by the way looks he looks a lot better in Jimmy syphilis. I'll tell you that
Now fact christ did you hear that the spot we're playing with Jimmy syphilis with that call
No, yeah, you did with headgear and junior and at the dolphin touchdown
I get it out go into the house take it to the house they're gonna put you in the house Jimmy under house arrest
For your so-called work on those broadcast man you are embarrassing humiliating and degrading
Just one just when we thought we're making progress Tony cigarette or retires and how Jimmy syphilis is like the superstar over there on six ten
All these years I listen to six ten and now this it's terrible
Although it's on this station. It's not on six ten that well he is but see I don't get that either
We have this in says you're right jord said at this morning before the show we said that like us and the guys across the street
It's all like a big fraternity. It's all an incesture relationship and you're absolutely correct
biggest name
Think fourth leader
Whenever I'm in town I listen to wait a minute I am in town. It's the 12th of one hour
Well take the train
You won't carpool
You see a hummer
You start to drool
You won't walk
For 20 feet
You'd rather take
Your SUV
You can't drive
You can't hate
without crew
You're in deep
You need it for
Your plastics
With draw symptoms
Make you sick
Whoa you'd like to think there's lots more under the soil. Oh, yeah
I that's what you think I think the truth though
Closer to the truth to say you're totally spoiled. You know you're gonna have to face it. You're addicted to all
Might as well face it you're addicted to all
Might as well face it you're addicted to all come on Laura might as well face it you're addicted to yeah dance with them girls
Might as well face it they're addicted to all
Probably one at five sixty w. M here's a said the email from some canuck
Hey, Neil did I hear you say you're going down to South Beach for Thanksgiving? No, you did not
I hear the weather's been beautiful there this month. Maybe I'll see you with Pearson not
Pearson airport. My ass
Here's your house. What huh?
Going to South Beach for thanks giving him a crazy person or what? We know that
Okay, the pool I changed it. Okay
What well that's the only way you're gonna make a thousand not talk it
I'm cheating for you on your behalf because it's close to Thanksgiving. These people are busy man
I don't know what they're doing but they're busy and PC. I'm busy and they're busy. Oh, you got your uh
Your uh, what is this called log there program log yeah
All right, uh since you didn't do a last break uh, this next break play that dollar matter or read that dollar mattress
Well, wait a minute. It was on the last break. Yeah
That's why George sent you the email or whatever it was
Uh, I hate to break the news to you. There was no alive spot
I know it was written in and that's why George sent you the message
Actually, remember this conversation
Because it was 10 minutes ago
It didn't say anything about dollar mattress. It said about some other spot that was um, that I never heard of before
The email that I sent you
Yeah
The email he sent you said read dollar mattress at 1156 or 55 or whatever 1156
I don't know. I don't think I got that one
You read it on the air. Yeah
That don't mean I got it
You think I'm paying attention to most of these emails I'm getting here and this mr. Radio
I sent him I sent him a I replied which almost never do I replied
I said get an effing life, okay, and he just continues non-stop. Oh, I thought you'd enjoyed the how rude
Rude my ass get lost you bastard you crazy lunatic
How rude no, it's rude of you to be ton of my damn emails without your crappy pictures of Bill caulder and micrinerian
Rick weaver and all these dead people
How rude get a life
Get a freaking life you loser mr. Radio what first of all what kind of a person walks around calm himself mr. Radio a radio had ultimate loser
Ultimate radio groupie him in super day remember super Dave yes another loser
I'm sitting at the
Table in the dining room in Pompano Park years ago back in the good old days
I'm sitting there and mining my own business eating my dinner and long-come super Dave and plomps himself down there
And rich wasn't there then I was there all alone enjoying myself just sitting there taking and smelling the horse crap
Even through the glass
And here he comes and oh don't I look good. I lost 45 pound and don't I look how do I look how do I look
How do you look how did he look just like he always looked just like
That's it
Super Dave he comes to ask me how I think he looks
I couldn't get rid of him man for love or money blah blah blah blah blah and finally he got finally after a very long time
He got the message. I wasn't interested in his company
And he what he's slinky to way
What is wrong with some of you radio losers mr. radio nobody's interest in you and your stupid old pictures and you're up session
This is a living this I get a paycheck a big one twice a month and even after January one still gonna be getting a decent not so big
But still a decent paycheck twice a month more than you'll make any year mr. Radio
Which is obvious because how could he have all day long to be sitting there and sending me this crap every single day
If this was somebody would like some kind of a substantial life
I would die if anyone ever found out that I have blank that I do this
I've nothing I'm ashamed of 404. I spanked my weenie 115. Oh, no not that
Have sex with prostitutes 51. I'm an alcoholic 36
Listen to neal 31
Voted Republican 27 that I'm gay 24 you fairy get stoned at work 19 sleep with a teddy bear 17
That I'm a virgin 14 voted democratic 13. I'm a crossdresser 13 enjoy ballroom dancing eight watch soap operas 7
Binge and purge
4
So that's the end of that pool and I put the new one up there, which is good. We've done it before long ago
Speaking of halls halls of fame flaming fame
Mr. Radio how rude get out get lost. I'm gonna block him next time. I'm just tired of your crap
You know the problem with these people just like the chronic colors you give them an inch and they want 50 miles right?
Well, they're the same people
Obama chooses Jim neighbors is deputy director of office of management budget. Oh Ron neighbors rob those
Golly yeah rob neighbors. I thought it was Jim neighbors
Shazal who should be in the rock and roll holo. Famine is not
This is a tough one. We got 15 votes on air. I was so far. We've done it before though. I just said that. Didn't I just say that what did you read that?
Alam actress
No, let me go back and see the deleted messages. Maybe it's still on okay
Miss mr. Radio mr. Radio mr. Radio mr. Radio mr. Radio mr. Radio
Yeah
No all these pictures
Oh, George Rodriguez at a live spot. Oh, Ed
Dial on Matt to the other man see I did not get it. Oh, sorry. I abbreviated it too much. I'll I'm at my ass
Okay, this is a day, man. Didn't I tell you before the show today? I told you this was gonna be a day from a hill
I know all those all those choices you took set the tone. I did. Oh, man
I was the rejoicing and rejoicing must be the holiday season re-joice in the Lord
Should be in the rock and roll holo fame and ain't Chicago. They got my vote for I'm playing Chicago the rest of the day
Jet throw dull too now. That's tragic jet throw dull
The dude brother's one Rick Shaw one. Yeah, how about Ricky Tiki Shaw
Do you know that he sent me a happy birthday email in my space
Back, you know, November 4th or 5th whatever
Yeah, I sent him back when I responded to that he never he never even read my report
Huh, my space is dead. It's a dinosaur
They're all doing Facebook, which I don't want any part of I don't want any part of either one of them is dead
I'm getting out of the my space business. I think and I get all these people
You know friend requests and I add them and add them and they never they never send me a message
They never we are communicate. So what do they want to be a friend for? They're just I'm your friend
They're just collecting friends. They're like a number to be really please collecting friends
Just stop by to say hi. I'm your friend
What a oh god Chicago 4 Jet throw dull to one each for the dooby brothers Rick Shaw journey deep purple
Metallica rush moody blues
It says and infamina that there now who gave this pool or just from
And infamina it's from what's his name Sean from Hollywood
So he's adding editorial comment on her and in five
Kiss one one for boss gag the carpeters. Yes, I love the moody blues who doesn't
None yet for the osman's bill withers pat boon fifth to mention brine up steam
Boston heart three dog night super tramp Steve Miller
Areo speed wagon the monkeys Kansas
Niel Sedacca the holidays the guess who well the guess who should definitely be in there even though a burden coming stills an
A hole
Oh look he's got another spin another spin oh you got another one everyone's no yeah 25 bucks. Oh he's got another spin
I think I lost about three grand that night and he's just sitting there with a chicken the
The that's back when they still have the coins the coins are bulging pouring out of their both their machines
And you tell me they can't control those machines in a control room
I keep reading your book by the way doesn't say a damn thing but they're in anyway
No problem Gary Puckett Union gap ELP ELO
ELP ever so like in pulver oh excuse me no problem
Sorry read down I don't like them anyway joke conquer blutz wet in tears billiardily association
Genesis Alice Cooper Stevie winwood and Jay black
Jay black with that great voice god almighty. I could just oh I can just imagine taking a shower with him
Years ago of course not now
uh 33 votes
Rock and roll it's a good pull thanks Sean from Hollywood even though you put your editorial comment on there that's
shameful
Adam I have no life in Ontario says this is an article from green Bay
I grew some discovery leaves a green Bay woman and her neighbors shaken
She's shaking it
Alex Rouse worshiped her five month old peeking these poodle puppy named Hulk
That dog met everything to me rouse said that dog went everywhere with me not anymore though
When rouse and her friend came home to a smoky house
Rouse enter house they couldn't imagine what they would find after ruling out a faulty furnace
They went to the hot oven open it and found Hulk dead inside
Green Bay police say someone broke into the house committed this heinous act
It's not yet known if the dog was dead before being put in the oven or if he burned alive
Either way this crime is being taken very seriously
There's something that you want to catch very quickly and put a stop to be for it escalates explain captain Carl flurry
I wonder if he's kin to Theo flurry
So or that McFlurry they serve at Mickey D's they ever have the McFlurry it sucks. Yes. No charges have been filed
At the case remains under investigation
Dog in the oven
That's sad
Yeah, especially at holiday time
I mean least wait till after new years before you do that again and put the kitty cat in there not the dog
All you kids out there the kids offer holidays yet or what no no too early
Well anyway if you know any kids be sure and tell them that Santa Claus is alive just like god and their parents
Lie with it because their parents lied to them and it just goes from one generation to another
Doesn't make their parents bad just liars
That was down 40 cent
And Barack is speaking on the economy we're already saying
bipartisan
accolades for
The budget team that I'm putting together because they recognize these are serious guys your serious guys man. They're serious
When we start non-serious by the way oh tomorrow
The same day that said the kids starts in the early morning on the station
You know something if they did that here that would be
An act of such lunacy that it makes anything and everything else that's ever happened before pale and wood significance
Am I right or what yeah, but still would not surprise me. Oh wait a minute. There's a fact coming. Did you send me something? Not me good
This may be what I'm looking for remember that call I made this morning. Yeah
No
So freaking facts had
Sports bloopers for radio will give you hours of fun every day as you listen to this half hour premium price CD collection of someone else's misery
I
And sports bloopers for radio has much more than baseball you get football players running the wrong direction
Oh somebody check his compass. Oh
Hockey players falling on the rear end
Somebody get those guys some boots. Oh govers hitting the wrong ball
And either one of those balls was a
Even soccer players running into each other
Oh
What are you waiting for don't waste time considering this purchase order sports bloopers for radio right now call
900 total call that's
Standing by to keep you on the phone as long as possible
Hello
Yes
Oh Mr. Mouse good morning. How are you sir? I'm not good either. Oh, you're not feeling well sir
I'm watching the television the ABC 50 year reunion special. Oh what an amazing special what a night to remember
Yeah, night to remember for you
How many times were you on camera?
I don't know I caught it 75
Really it was all about you you make well maniac you've only been with a company out of all 10 years or whatever and you're running it into the toilet
Well, what did you think of my speech sir? I thought it was terrible. You're awful. Why did not give the speech?
Well, sir since I am the president CEO of the company. I thought you're an idiot
Well, we did have some major talent. I mean we're a challenger Volta Tim Allen
Please oh
Stop them for seconds. I'll have for a second. Oh
Who's that?
No, no one's just helping you were saying about Tim Allen that better not be remus no no no no no
We called him sick today. Oh, that's I got paperwork up to my big ears
It's remus isn't
Put him on no no sir. So you were saying Tim Allen
Is that remus yet yes, it is sir point out on the phone
Revew it's great. Revew it's stop that person
What you say
Hello, what you call him?
Marty, I mean who's this?
How you doing boss
Did I just hear you call either boss who's your boss who's your boss you're my boss
I'm your boss you're my boss remus yeah why aren't you here today you're called in sick
I'm taking some lost time you know like sipwits does on there why PD blue
Lost time
You work here remus
I've done tons of things for you. I pay for your rehab. Did night I've been meaning to talk to you about that, mom
Got your op the credit remus. I need a little reflection boss
I'll tell you what remus. I'm almost done here boss. What are you doing over there? What's the coosie?
I just call me it's a few balls
Put the meglamaniac on
Hold on for you, is he
It's sir uh
Well, it's been very stressful these days you know with the false schedule and everything getting ready
I've been very stressed you don't need it. You're cozy and you're off us
You're terrible
What's stress?
Remus, remus, remus, remus. Why do we have Tim Allen?
Well Tim Allen a major star for the company. Oh,
He hasn't even had a show for years. I mean sure first, it was funny and all the neighbor with the fang and you couldn't see his face and
Come on, they can all agree
The quenning noises, but come on
Well, he is Santa Claus. I mean to hit Santa Claus movie. What what?
Fire him fire fire fire
Fire him fire fire fire I'm trying to say
But I can't speak fire him tell remus. It's over. I'm talking to him
Remus uh mr. Mouse is docking you
He's funny
I'm no doctor. I can't even read
Not doctor talking
Forget it
bunch of losers
Oh, I got an important breaking news breaking news. Want to do a new sounder for that? Yeah
Well, it's pretty good
Well, I got my fax one
Okay, he's good Alice good good
Sunn place and the Hollywood that idiot
Yeah, the place I was gonna have a scene a minute long time. What? He placed closed out a long time ago. Did they really? Yeah good
Remember those greasy a fat-filled sandwich. Yeah, that's it me too. They were good
Alice we could have put them on a map, but it was too damn cheap
And then remember we finally embarrassed him in the vine couple of spots. Yes
Alice good and then the the coup de gras was the day that he brought in a piece of handwritten copy
Not that they were paying for a spot, but it was oh super bowl parties at the super bowl subs, you know remember
Like it was us today
Reports are coming into CBS for concerning mayor my amy mayor manny Diaz being considered for a cabinet post and the new Obama presidency ranging from secretary of transportation
To secretary of housing and urban development
manny Diaz. Oh my god
The last time CBS for a new spoke with the mayor he said it was proud to be in the mix
However a short time ago CBS for news i team investigator Jim de fetus spoke to his democratic sources. Oh, this is from Jim de fetus
Fat Jim de fetus they said that while the s might be under consideration nothing is close to being final. Thank god. Don't do it, Barack
don't do it
If the as is to make it from my amy city hall to wash nid will be after the mother of all background checks
It says he and his associates will be interviewed by the FBI and there'll be a huge questionnaire to fill out at least 63 pages worth of inquiries from the Obama transition team
He stole a guacamole. That's what i heard about manny Diaz
Can you believe that yeah, I don't know
From Jim de fetus there's another one
There are five maybe ten people tops who are sending 99% of every email that we get
Am I right? Yep. Now Jim de fetus. He's one of the real ones. I'm sure it's coming from him because he sells a lot
It sends a lot of self aggrandizing crap
Like I'm gonna make him famous and I know he's a groupie so for sure he's out there
What else is he gonna be doing you don't have no job that I know of
Does he have a job?
On the new pool by the way in Chicago is leading with ten
Rush with seven rushes great
Canadian boys a
Indeed, how's it going? Hey boy, it's a little bit of sunshine out there
I see a little pack of blue sky better take a picture of it because you won't be seeing that again very long
Let me take a puke at the temperature here in case casher know it might be listening
Three 38 plus three not bad no snow right now. It's gonna they keep predicting snow and yesterday it dripped at p
all day
Cold p
Nothing worse than a cold p
Although actually you know, I'm not that big on peas. Do they serve peas and Thanksgiving? I hope not
Not anymore than anything. All right. Let's see you up to four today. 40. Whoo
Heatwave two tomorrow three on Thursday and sunny and four on Friday. Hallelujah
Looks good like good weather for woodbine
Oh
That's what I want that's my ultimate dream is just to have like a billion dollars in cash and small bills and just my own
Personal row of machines at woodbine my own quick hit row in my own wheel of fortune row
Quickly this fun. Do you ever play it? No, no, I keep I keep pushing that while you're the one that sent me the book on the slots
I thought me right setting up on you nothing all for you for the horse guy the big spenders. They got the two set machine
Of course if you play to max it's six bucks to hit, but that's okay. They pay
They pay good and then of course there's somebody there's one I told you the old geezer who smells like he peed on himself
Always there playing quick hit and always playing like one credit like two cents
You know, I put it like in a $20 bill and keep him going for like two hours tying up a machine
And you see all these quick hits coming up and stuff that would really pay if he was planning
But of course, you know, he gets four cents here and eight cents there and you're just just spitting blood
Because he's taking up the hot machine monogating nothing just just sitting there on his ass peeing on himself
Big Joanne pointin beats his Howard Stern has been funny or interesting in years. He blows his audiences is boring as him
I will say that he doesn't have the elected audience like we got we got like a
Oh, yeah, an electric eclectic audience all six of them
We got Jim DeFetus. We got the fake Tom jick of the fake Larry King the fake who might leave it out
Fake jolly joe the fake fat Chris even the fake fat Chris hasn't to chimed in today
Now let me ask you a stupid question. I know I'm stupid. I admit that unlike a lot of the other blowhards on here
I think stupid
Because if I weren't stupid, I wouldn't work be working for these bastards and especially fat ass jolly joe
But what is it about like the holidays that I mean people aren't out Christmas shopping yet. Sure they are yeah, if they're smart
They're smart. They're smart. They keep their money in their pocket except for our fine sponsors of course
And of course you'll notice every year you'll see every year is being closer and closer to Christmas the log gets empty and empty
That's so backwards. Yeah, yeah, the opposite of every other radio station
That's the ass backward broadcasting thing that's that's because it's this place
You don't want to buy any spots would you?
Fourth leaf they're smoking it out in the Everglades
There is a chemical that always seems into my mind
It seems to happen each year right about face giving time
It isn't part of track or even LSD
It comes right out of the turkey
If I'm not careful it will happen really soon
My head is bobbing and it just fell on the gravy school
Just a quick cat nap I promise not to snore
Wake me up by foreign I'll have more
If I get tired it's all because of ill trips or fans
Can't keep my eyes open will be watching page in toy land
I lay on the couch and in a short time I'll be right I sleep tonight
Come 32 at 560 WQM Thanksgiving man a time to be with family and a time to pick out forget about the family just shovel it in there
Until you pass out in the corner and maybe die
What a way to die though, huh? Oh, yeah
And I'm not going to be able to get no big Thanksgiving dinner here because I
Every year I say the same thing. I started seeing that to you this morning. We got sidetracked
Not that it would make any difference because I they just don't and the Canadian Thanksgiving already took place like weeks ago back in October
Yeah, and so the restaurants here. I don't make account at least I've never found one
It makes a comfort for the fact that there's Americans here as celebrating Thanksgiving this Thursday
How about some toy key, huh? How's about some Canadian bird
Sounds good to me bird is the word the fake Charlie B says
At least it's a new fake somebody right at least
He says I know that lately my pulls have sucked more than Chad pennington and every glory hole in willed manners
But I think now I've redeemed myself
What's your favorite South Florida road name
And he's got a list of these silly
Gratiny Parkway ives-Derry Road brothers to the rescue Boulevard
Avenue of the Americans blue hair and road and a few others
I know now I've redeemed myself my next poll idea will be what's your favorite South Florida intersection to be followed by
What's your favorite South Florida public restroom signed by the fake Charlie B? Oh, I'm sure that the the T-Rumant
Westland jc pennies would win
Though you think are you sure I'm positive
Are you sure so speaking of that the fake Tom jica wrote this a long time ago
I saved some of these because they're so bad
After taking a brief hiatus from radio to pursue tv and movie projects
Phil handries back on track with the relaunching of talk radio network fms the Phil handry show
Since the launches two weeks ago over 40 markets have had a Henry that their late evening lineup including markets like
San Francisco Houston, Miami, Minneapolis, San Diego, Tampa, Denver, LA, West Palm and Charleston
The relaunch of the show I'll also allow Henry to incorporate some new elements of the program
tackling issues and breaking news of
Of the day while still using his humorous voice characterization
It's not surprising how many stations welcome the return of Phil handry said T-R-N FMC O mark masters
Phil is the master of satire always delivers a payoff which brings perspective on important issues of the day
He's truly a genius in his outform
Now wait till you're these hours the Phil handry show airs Monday through Friday from 1 to 4 a.m
Okay, and his refed 4 to 6 a.m
Wow T-R-N FM
1 to 4 a.m
And refed 4 to 6 a.m. And then 8 to 11 weekend they must play the tapes on the iode
Nomers PDs have commented on Henry's return including KFMD San Diego program director Dave Sniff
Who said Phil is simply a master of blending humor and issues
In Omaha KKAR PD Neil kelp Nelken said Phil and who was the perfect addition to our schedule a live show during the late night hours relevant foreground and outspoken
Response for the first two weeks has been much more than I expected he said
In other words, he didn't believe there were that many people up at that hour the night
I guess he's trying to say well good luck to you Phil
Are you sure? I guess
We forgive you for being a turncoat and a right wing sell out and and turn it back. You know he's like a
comedian
Whatever way the wind is blowing
What exactly do you have against many d as as chronic frank? He's done the excellent job
Have you been to downtown Miami lately? No, I have not he may be Cuban. Oh, that must be because he's Cuban
But he's not part of the Cuban political crowd that you despise
Assume that you're judging. I'm not judging him at all
I'm assuming him based on the fact his name is manidias from Miami without knowing anything about him
Wasn't this kid the one that was making the counterfeit money?
Yes, no, I think that was somebody else
No, it was not okay
What do you know about Miami politics huh nothing or but I think that was somebody else it was
Not sure. I'm sure you're wrong. All right
Paul says I'm hearing on your show about this bovod love sponge. I'm looking forward to the challenge
You should be nice to the ten people emailing you need all listeners. You can get at this point
It's been pretty funny though actually regards Paul. Oh from the fake Paul Castanova
He's looking forward to the challenge. Oh my god. You know, it's got to be the fake one
Because the real one can't be that stupid. He's looking forward any kind of a challenge
There numbers went down in his last trend. I wouldn't wish it on Hitler. Yes, it was one of his sons
Miami D.S
I told you that what now why are you being such a bad guy because there was somebody else who was involved in that that kind of thing also
But I don't want to open up a mouth until I find out who
But you already did didn't you already open up a mouth Chris no, he said yeah, he did. Oh, you're bad today
I'm getting out of here. I'm leaving. It's two against one today
You tub
I was just thinking about this weekend being the weekend. I said George out his birthday card with a check in another check
What
What do you charge what do you want to put it face? Yeah, but he did it's always funny one
The unusual one idea as it was a rollando
I wasn't gonna say any other name. I just I know that there's somebody else involved in such a thing
In it their kid making counterfeit money. Yeah
No, you're thinking about the one whose kid was had the big pot deal in New York. Who was that that was the afforded chief
Timiny yeah
They my honey to owning my tomonie
That was down 43 points. It's not doing much. It was up earlier and then
And then they all started opening up a big mouth Hank Paulson spoke and Barack spoke and we don't want this crap
We don't want this stock down 40
Let me take a look at serious again
I want to keep everybody abreast of it because it might turn out to be a gigantic buying opportunity to go under two dollars
Our two cents. Oh, it's 15 cent
It opened at 17 it went to 15 and it's staying right there. It's rock solid baby serious rock solid 15 cents a share
You could buy bubble gum
For less well, at least used to be able to
You never bought baseball cards because you know the sports not how about you little kid by baseball cards when you were kid
Yeah, I was kid. Yeah before a puberty idea. It wasn't all that stuff put them in your spokes
We used to trade them put them in your what rack them in your spokes of the bike
I didn't have no bike. Yeah, I guess I didn't have a bike once upon a time. I don't remember a writing it though. I remember falling down on it
Yeah, because even as a kid I was a clutz. I've always been a clutz and do you do that?
Do you like run into like stuff walls or stub your toe on stuff for sure? I do that all the time. I'm bad
I'm a bad clutz, but I admit it. There's another thing people don't want to admit to go back to the previous pool
That was down 33. It's not too bad 84 10 84 oh six. Uh-oh
Don't do it that lady's gonna get a really upset
We got 98 votes on the new pool not too good. Who should be in the rock and roll hall of fame? We've had nobody suggest anybody for it either
Not one suggestion Chicago 14 rush 10 moody blues 7 Metallica 6 deep purple 5
Kiss 5 jethro 12 5 yes 5
Boston 4 get serious. Yeah, I guess so. I mean, you're all right
Alice Cooper 4 Ed Sullivan 3 that's because he was a hell of a singer
Journey 3 dooby brothers 2 Pat Boone 2 with those love letters in his sand with his gland in his hand Pat Boone
Rickshaw 2 boss gags 2 Joe Cocker 2
Altacocker don't have any yet. Billy Idol 2 Genesis 2 Carpenters 2
Bill Whither's 1 the fifth dimension 1 heart 1
Steve Miller 1
The monkeys 1 the El Sardaca 1 to guess who won ELP 1 ELO 1. Let's what in tears 1 J Black has got one
It's getting old and droopy but he's got one
None yet for the Osman's Brian Epstein 3 dog Knight super tramp are your speed wagon Kansas the Holly's Gary
Puck of the Union Tatoooons the Association or Stevie Wouldn't what?
Jeb Wally
The
And for a week how she's got me hooked on these
I got them from Linda energy my goals is up down
My head's spinning around and around
As it's left for three days now
Ooh, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
Some weight broke ram, gave me a grade
How many drugs do I have today?
My hair's all in out and it's been hard to pee
Since I saw Linda energy, know that my heart's been going wild
I think like I want to die, till that kill can cause the patient not to mention
I prefer judge fees out fiddling drugs all day
That drops away but who your playing?
Production husband says it's okay
A physician chooses me
Up, down my left standing all round and round
I just left for three days now
Woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-woo-oo
Fend, fend, fend, fend
You're a fend, you need Tony Fend, fend
You're a fend, you need Tony Fend, fend
Woo-woo-woo-woo-oo
1246-1401 and 560 WDQM
got one from the fake hell Henry who says Neil you are the turn code I always had the
best of intentions sure and wanting to get you out of Miami. You turn on everyone including
your audience and your own family. Everyone respects your talent few respect you as a
person please change before it's too late. Okay Phil I'm changing my underwear right now
phony. He was my good friend and Ricken said good friend too and still denies that he lied
to us you know about that meeting. Yeah they didn't show up they didn't show up how do you
like that for BS they didn't show up when they sold the station and he he was like an automated
difference. What? Like an automated difference if he said yeah. Well I guess it was for
in the secrecy you know and so he being the corporate but sucker that he was and he was going
to continue working for them in LA or wherever so therefore he you know he chose them over us.
He was looking out for himself and not for his good friends which is fine you know number you
look out for yourself first but don't come to me and pretend that you're like my friend
and then how about when he was remember they were playing his tapes or something like that on IOD?
Yeah they were replaying his show on tape opposite us and then whatever like 80 times a day and
that that bomb big time and they interviewed him in West Palm and some one of those phony magazines
and who who do you respect in radio Phil who do you like on while other than Howard I can't
think of anybody right now I'd recommend right. I wish him all the like I said I you know are you
sure except for the fact that he lied to us and turned on us like a cornered rat and then of
course did his right wing a BS thing you know when a doubt sell out here's one from Deadbeat Jolly Joe
you better listen carefully Chris I'm listening Neil I'm your boss you are my employee I will no
longer teller are you ripping me or my love slave Chris on the year from now on you do as I say
coming out of the next break you'll play the droppin of the schwarz you're saying what's up with
your for cock the mishpoha followed by Steve McQueen is Jewish followed by the Chicago Cubs are Jewish
followed by Harry Kira saying the Cubs suck then you'll take Prozac Ron's call online nine and then
you'll say I wish I was a three-legged doggy so I wouldn't have to lick so I wouldn't have to
lift my leg to pee then you go to the next break at which point I'll email you with my next set
of instructions no more Mr. Nyskoye I'm playing butch boss with you from now on welcome to hell
sign joebell p s please add icky pop to the rock and roll hall of fame pull this is another order
from your boss oh my friend Chris yeah really puts it up for the holidays evidently fat s jolly Joe
so when are we going to get the inside story oh and I also have one about the sadhana again same
I'm not getting sucked into it okay let them ramble on keep mentioning my name spell it right
bop bop bop bop bop we can put all the homophobic crap and all the bs
they're going to put on and they must really be upset because you told me that this morning they're
pissed off of the fact I blurted that out over the air I got it on very good authority we don't just
we just don't make crap up okay that's right got it I'm very good authority they're going to
syndicated radio 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. over there at waxy 790 because they're on the verge of throwing
in the towel cutting back cutting back cutting back cutting back just like over here in this place
they're cutting back but my god put somebody on the air somebody somewhere sometime beside that
phony dan la bastard guy with all this phony uh my space friends at least I got real my space friends
they don't write to me but I got real ones probably not probably all phony too you'll never know
oh here we go from George Arnold and Sarah Pillen will do this and Sarah don't care no interest
go away the stuff that we're getting on this email today I wouldn't and I predicted that deny
it totally I'm not disappointed I knew it two days before our Thanksgiving they're all busy man
they're too busy for us here's a sad puppy story I don't know if it's true or not do I want to read it
I don't know oh I'll save it what why you want to read a sad puppy story what
who wants to hear a sad puppy story nobody because this guy was too cheap to take to to pay for
the good veterinary care that is a little puppy needed so we took it to some bogus vet and the dog
died in his arms I mean I don't want to you know I make fun of my buddy frank but frank don't be
so cheap next time in fact next time don't get a dog if you're gonna get a pet be prepared to pay
lots buco bucks man big bucks big gigantic bucks go out and sell them get a fourth mortgage
if they were giving any oh this the I read this one to you before the show this morning came in
before the show 939 am from Tony West Kendall who obviously needs help at the end he says saludos
to George so he's sucking around with you oh there's one yeah most of them they rip you an ass
why is that well it's the same guy so yeah most of him he rips me an ass see your rationalizing now
just like you did in that man he DS story that's right and by the way our astute audience not one
of them sent me an email saying you're correct his cell was the one making counterfeit $20 bills
why would they have to I corrected it right away what do you mean by that no you did not
did he correct it right away immediately no we went into a break no yes maybe
I don't know not sure but sure we did the audience had been on top of that man likes think on Joe
and they weren't Antonio Sir Tony says good morning you I think you should have a lightning round
like he used to have every day you should devote 15 minutes in five minute increments debating and
exchanging ideas with likes of quarter Schlotz guy and Prozac Ron he had debating and exchanging
ideas with the quarter Schlotz guy and Prozac Ron the third one or should what or should be done by
one of your polls is voted on by your listeners your ratings would skyrocket oh yeah this is what
your listeners want to hear really you'd have people going out of their way to bring their radius
wherever they might be it started to trend to people all over with portable radio start to
think about it you can call it Niels person lightning round says Tony West Kendall ride and we
can talk to the same three or four people air every day for 15 minutes he even mentions the quarter
Schlotz guy which I'm pretty sure must be him who else in their right mind would ask to hear right
no that that's fixed sound you know quarter Schlotz guy I've had bowel movements that are
improvement over the quarter Schlotz guy believe me and recently as a matter of fact like this
morning many of them numerous ones numerous choices oh no put on the quarter Schlotz guy and
Prozac Ron that's what the audience really wants to hear well let him hear it someplace else
haven't come is this the Shirley Peter show it asks what does that mean I don't know
this is an email says is this the Shirley Peter show is that supposed to be funny is that
supposed to be a shot is that supposed to be interesting amusing and what is it crap
129 votes on a pool who should be in a rock and roll hall of fame and is not now they're sending
me like black Sabbath I don't know see I don't know if they're in there or not
we'd have to look them up right I had a list for a while there but you think we kept that
oh well you can google it for crying out rock and roll hall of fame you can get the list in a heartbeat
but you don't want it and I don't blame you don't do it I'm doing it you're doing it
somebody also said wham some queen oh yeah the Schrockenroll hall of shame
who should be in there in his not Chicago 16 rush 10 Metallica 8 Alice Cooper 8 Moody Blues 7
kiss 7 jethro doll 7 Ed Solomon's got five that's the truth Ed Sullivan my grandmother I've
told you this a million times but it's true it's just two bizarre she thought he was Jewish she
thought his name was Ed Solomon and Mickey Mendel to my grandmother everybody was Jewish
do me brothers five deep purple five Boston five yes five the Carpenter's four after that it's
small potatoes like Frankie Pentangeli man small potatoes so you got your list rock and roll hall of fame
I'm coming back at it the other way what do you mean by that I'm gonna try to find a list of who
isn't in there of who isn't in there yeah I have the list of who is that's like forgetting a list
of all the dogs that aren't lost the great rock and roll hall of fame swindle who's not in there okay
anybody we don't have on our list monkeys monkeys are on our own real road oh grand fun go
okay get them on air tied run grin is not in there it's on our list already but I'm just like T-rex
tie run here run grin is on there is not in the rock and roll hall of fame and where do you see him on
our list I don't because I'm not looking at our list I'm looking at this one well then why did
you just say he's on our list you're losing a man okay I think there's I think there's
slipping you some bad that must be it that was down 136 below I'm not too pleased about that
rocksy music Brian fairy Brian you know Brian fairy aiki pop somebody already mentioned oh yeah
it was jolly joe bells sweet sweet sweet sweet sweet hard time for pets more sent to
shelters are banned because people got no money shelter and suburban Atlanta for instance has seen a
tenfold increase in pet abandonment during the past two years and not just dogs and cats look at
this a coach how do you like that they got his goat because nobody's got any money man it's desperate
these people are out there robbing banks and stealing money they don't have to send us emails to
show again I don't think he don't have no Roger's 4.60 QAM
I think 4th leader it's got morale and when I'm up in Belkettika slapping old women with
painted lips around the pole I listen to the new Rogers 1 to 2 I mean I listen to the new
Rogers here in balance 1 to 2 hour Jason you're on QAM
you don't have any national guards then because they're all fighting a war in a
rack right now nothing national guard right not the national guard no national guard in Iraq
not there's no national guard no the doctor that performed the surgery on Jay Feele's thumb
mm-hmm isn't he the same doctor that performed the procedure on your two pay
um it's the doctor who performed the surgery let's think about that what's his name Klein
who you feel as doctor yeah I don't know where you I don't know who you use George Colwell I'm not sure
I'm not sure where you're doctor anything I'm not sure where he went did you go to Holy Cross
I I didn't read it not sure well bottom line is it I don't the doctors can't tell how long Jay's gonna be out
no you're not you're not sure somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks somewhere in there
while he on the wall with you on QAM
you've been broke my internship that the urinating said giant now
well I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand how
rectum you're gonna fight somebody good enough to fill my piggy pants
it ain't easy
very no chance I'll ever be coming back
I'm excited considering a lucrative they're gonna come direct
if you want to know what I'll say to you if I'm shutting that transmitted to the
tir
the
What's my video?
I'm going to read the movies to them.
The biggest of all ones.
And we did.
Jack, those you need to know.
Now, please get it.
Those you need to know.
Get them all in the show.
And don't blow.
I'm going to blow.
I hope you don't mind.
I'm going to blow.
Jack, pull me to give you this.
What is he?
Where are you going to go?
Why am I?
Anyway, we've got some real detective work to do now.
I wouldn't you know it's right at the holidays too, when people are going to be like Lee and Low.
Yeah.
The fake Barry Jackson says, and I got a hint of this because Ed Braillinor said something this morning on the Cross of Street said somebody earlier.
And it wasn't worth reading.
So I schmitcanned it.
But fake Barry Jack asked who was definitely not to be ignored.
It says, Ed Braillinor was on the ticket this morning from 6 to 10 a.m.
From 6 to 10 a.m.
What does that tell you?
Nothing.
What do you mean by that?
That tells me, say the kid wasn't there.
Oh.
Finito maybe.
Finito, Adios, are we prepared?
I didn't notice the difference.
And so that would like add to all the rumors going around about Sedona's going to do the morning.
They're going to put syndicated crap on from 10 to 3 and basically throwing in the towel because I'm sure Sedona works real cheap, real cheap.
So Siddi-Kid either took that deal with the syndicated deal with the not syndicated but with a satellite which I doubt because it fell through I thought.
And or he's just out or maybe he's actually coming over here.
Oh my god.
Whoa.
Can you begin to imagine that?
Nope.
Five to seven a.m.
Although it's before most people are awake so that's good.
Now where are we going to get the info on?
And see a fat boy and some of our other radio spies out there would send us some worthwhile crap as opposed to some stupid audio clip from George Sardano ripping me an ass which nobody gives a crap about.
Then we'd have some information.
See what I'm saying.
Ed Berliner was on this morning.
Don't you find that well you wouldn't what do you think fat so yeah whatever.
What do you mean by that?
I don't really find that mysterious you don't find that a little bit bizarre with all the other you know not enough itself with all the other rumors going around.
Ed burlinner.
I'm going to get it right.
I'm 16 WQA.
Ed Berliner.
Unforced radio.
I'm 16 WQA.
Oh another radio reject retread Ed Berliner.
Pete from Baloxys is I'm thinking of taking a two week vacation to France.
I know that you've gone to Europe several times like several Zidian times.
I was wondering if you'd recommend taking a guided tour just rent a car and go all our cards.
Now take a guided tour okay don't rent a car and go all our car you'll get lost plus France the only time I've been to France was in Paris and I hated it.
The people were obnoxious and the city was like a it's like an outdoor toilet.
If you're all a garbage on the street.
If you don't speak French man that's just Americans but no matter what you are.
They look at you like me like that me the frogs I say.
So I have a good time there but to take a tour don't you're renting a car and you lost and have a great time or not.
Here's one now this is pretty impressive.
Okay.
Oh look at that phone is ringing Q.I.M. Hello.
Hey I don't know.
Okay.
You want the straight bill but my dad would say shit's having a kid but I did hear he was going to New York.
Okay.
Now I think he did say SH Sydney I just dumped it.
Sid's.
Oh Sid's.
So Sid's going to New York and he's out of there so he's sure not coming here.
Thank God for that.
So all these rumors are true.
Sid is leaving across the street and that's the rumor anyway.
And they're sticking Jorge Sedano on a morning drive talk about taking a dive in drive and they're putting a syndicate a crap on 10 to 3.
That's their solution.
So there you go.
How do you like that?
I think it's one of our first call is a radio detective.
Sure is how beats that stupid fake Tom Jekker who didn't give us any info on this stuff.
Shame on you little Tommy.
Runways are based on compass headings 9 R is 90 degrees right one runway 18 C is 180 degree something.
This is big L.
Okay.
This well this goes back to Tony cigarette.
Runway 9 R like who the hell knows Tony cut the crap.
Another he was like Camberrill Martian only a white guy you know.
An Italian Camberrill Martian sports nerd made into a news anchor with zero credibility and always laughing you know always everything was a big joke silly Tony you know we're smelling Super Bowl.
Yeah I remember that when he was doing the sports craft always smell and Super Bowl never got there but he was always smelling it WQ a.m.
Hello.
Hello very controversial showed WQ a.m.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Who are you calling?
I'm calling Q a.m.
Yeah you're speaking to it.
Yeah I like to get it like that get on the air and fuck the meal.
You're you're on right now.
This is me.
No no it ain't because he wasn't taking any calls today.
I'm taking calls that if I wasn't taking any calls then why would you call?
Well you know just see if I can get through.
But you got through now say what you wanted to say or you know either fish or cut bait.
Hello.
Hi. Hello.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Woo excellent.
I was going to say best call today so far but it was not the first one even though the guy was like very dull sounding.
The first guy had some information there about Sid's going to New York it's not confirmed but Sid's going to New York.
Maybe he can sit up there and I miss his lap and lap it up.
I mean he's been making no secret of the fact that he wants out of that horse ball town back to New York.
And there are probably people up there stupid enough to put him back on.
Maybe he can get I miss a can again.
Wouldn't that be good?
Ooh WQ a.m. Hello.
Hey.
How are you doing?
Okay.
Yeah. Do you guys have a phone around the list?
Because they're not on the last half of fame and they should be.
Okay. Look it up.
You're looking it up or you're doing it?
Yeah.
Yep.
Oh boy.
Let me take a puke at the pole.
17 for Chicago.
11 for Metallica.
11 for Rush.
Moody Blues 9.
Jethro doll 9.
Kiss 8.
Alice Cooper 8.
Even Ed Solomon's got 7 with yes.
Yes is got 7. Ed Solomon's got 7.
The foreigner is not in.
The foreigner is not in.
Get him on there.
It's one of my favorite groups and they definitely should be in there.
Yep.
I mean make no mistake about it.
Although probably a lot of people in this audience be very upset.
They don't like no foreigner.
What the hell are you doing?
The best talent.
You're busy with your projects.
Sport with your 5.
60 QAM.
The fourth lead.
You get a lot of b.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
WQA.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
The New Rogers on Sports Hole Radio.
That's why George always Lord be has no nasal positive.
He bought a gene to inhale the surface line.
He was born into money but he's so kind and dumb.
Without his fever it'd be a homeless bum.
Life of the party is college day.
It's left it to sell its four other brain and a nasal positive.
That's the reason he's thought to believe he had no nasal positive.
I bought my ticket and I'm holding my passport tight.
We got some crap now.
Since wife had a baby.
He's going to a serious exam.
He's going to a serious exam in January.
He did the fan.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
He did the video.
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
Who does traffic in the evenings?
That was a real doozy.
All these people with no lives, you know?
I have no lives.
None.
Zero.
Here's a really stupid one from Michael.
Michael Birddog Scroggins, a real moron.
Neal, the Jewish people observed Thanksgiving.
If so, have a good one.
Best regards.
I mean, you're a moron, Michael.
Do Jewish people...
Yeah, Jewish people even celebrate Columbus Day.
How do you like that?
Why?
Oh, my God.
Christopher Columbus?
You better get with him.
You better...
You don't know your Jews.
I know as many as I need to.
How do you like that?
Do Jews observe Thanksgiving?
That's the problem with the world.
I'll tell you again, too many goyem.
Too many dumb goyem.
Too many dumb people in general.
I forgot about Jew Lieberman for just a second.
Oh, I'm throwing out that story about the puppy.
That's too sad.
First of all, I don't believe it.
And secondly, it goes on forever, you know?
I mean, ask God, he'll tell you, dogs die.
Speaking of Moses, gay, Ted and Wilton Manners,
can you please tell me the story when Moe confronted you
in the parking lot?
Everyone loves this story and wants to do it again.
No, they don't.
It's heard in a million times.
What's there to hear?
Oh, yes, you're correct.
They're one on the same side by each.
Mike Paxson and Tom Roberts.
I don't know, either one of them.
Me?
I think about those traffic people, though.
Boy, they sure had the ego as man.
There was only one traffic guy who,
other than, what was his name?
That the guy that...
Al Rogas.
No, no.
Mr. Radio sent me his picture with the plane.
Al, 100 years ago.
Al Bumbe.
Hi, Mark Morgan.
There he is.
Now, here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q8L.
Who else could do it like Mark Morgan, huh?
He could do it.
He could bring it.
He could sing it.
And if he didn't have the right info, he could wing it.
He could Ted Wingard.
Steven Jersey says the only thing creepier and more entertained than listening to a couple of
two-bit jocks sniffing and outing,
Homer is gushing over a home touchdown or win.
Is listening to the same honours,
Homer is speaking in hushed tones like they were doing play by play at a funeral.
WTF, how embarrassing.
Mad Dog should save his all right for when he's watching Chad's package in the shower after the game.
You might be gainy, but these guys are haggits.
You're sure it's the least gay thing on QM.
Sheesh says Steven Jersey.
Sheesh about the dolphins broadcast team.
They really sent new loads for the broadcast industry this past weekend.
And don't get me wrong.
I like a little dog and big dog just fine,
but that's personal, not business, but business.
Oh, my.
And Jimmy Cifalus.
See, if we had somebody with balls,
and I don't want to knock a little Tommy, the real one,
but he just, you know, he just don't want to say,
maybe he disagrees with me.
Maybe he thinks Jimmy is a wonderful broadcaster.
I mean, Barry Jackass is just a suck up for the guys across the street.
And he'll basically kiss anybody's ass who's on the air other than mine.
And Jika, he just, you know, he don't have time.
And as a matter of fact, his thing in his blog yesterday,
nobody read it about Bubba loves Bungie and about,
I'm not going there and yada yada yada.
So Sid's going to Sirius and Janie where he's leaving.
He's bailing out.
So wasn't that the rumor yesterday, the story?
Part of it.
I don't know is that they were doing syndications starting in January,
10 to 3.
So that would make sense.
Cidicated is leaving.
He's bailing out.
There's stuff in the Sedano there in the morning for about 50 Cent an hour.
And they're going to put syndicated crap on 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Talk about just showing in the towel.
Like they're always saying on the gambling channel.
Oh, it's capitulation.
It's capitulation.
Yeah, remember that song with Roger Williams and Jane Morgan?
It was capitulation.
I know remember that.
I'm trying to deliver it.
Fascination on cap records.
What a memory I've got for useless school.
I would say 1955.
Fascination.
You got it?
Do it or that.
And then there's instrumental too.
Roger Williams and some violin guy, some fiddle guy.
Also on cap records.
You don't got it.
I got it.
I'll be damn boy, you really?
181 votes on this a poll.
Who should be in the rock and roll hall of fame?
Now, what do you have on the original poll there, fatso?
Oh, give me one second to flip back.
What?
787.
787.
77.
And 181.
Oh, we're not going to.
183.
What 183?
That's good.
So that means 978.
Oh, we got a thousand licks.
Yeah, I told you I'd bail your ass out.
If we left that other lame ass pull up to the whole show,
no freaking way you get to a thousand.
I know how to cheat man with a best of mine.
I know how to manipulate the poll.
Believe me, lots of experience over the years.
That was down 88 points by the way for those of you market watchers.
Here comes the money.
There goes your money.
Sorry.
I wonder if we got any races on from Fraser Downs.
That guy just is a panic.
Oh, hand me no life.
Oh, we got even worse than that.
On the outside today.
We got Roger Houston from the meadows in the snow.
They're racing in the snow, George.
Ooh, they always do.
They always do.
Trady racing fifth.
Bell Harbor baby.
Sixth on the outside.
That's bio-joba.
Seven.
Just catch it.
The meadows.
Roger Houston, man.
Talk about a self-indulgent A-hole.
Three cars.
We go bigger than the entire universe.
28 and four.
Uh-oh.
Outside.
Just one.
He jumped it off as they said.
I don't know why they say that.
Here comes electric storm.
It's like snowing, swashing, and speeding, and puking.
They think the horse can enjoy that running in the, uh, brutal weather.
Uh, no.
I think we got a call of the S-P-C-A.
Hand me no life.
Call the heated people.
The electric storm battling to the wire.
Yeah.
What?
Fixing.
He didn't call it.
It was too close.
I bet you said that he, I can't believe he didn't call it.
He's got a big mouth.
Adaboy, Roger Houston.
He was the first public address announcer, the first race caller at Pompello Park.
Did you know that now you do?
Nope.
I told you that before, but you forgot.
What?
Listen to him, West Palm says, Neil, I love Mad Dog and Joe Rose, but this Joey Porter stuff is a bit much.
Big O said that Porter should get a suspension.
Mad Dog answered by saying that Big O never played football, which is all beside the point that a player can't ignore it coaches orders.
I don't care how passionate he is.
What do you tell the next guy who does the same thing?
I could imagine Shula's reaction.
Mad Dog also had the best of war in Sape on the day.
I guess he had a minute to kill.
Turned over to 790 this morning.
Ed Burlinter was hosting Gator Seminole's bashing each other.
Kill me now.
Not sure if Dicky Farco has a show, but he calls in every Saturday to an old-e show on 960 that I listen to.
Don't know what Ron and Paul's ratings are on 98.7, but the company had to put him on there before he would sign a new contract.
They moved Bob and Tom who always do well to 94.3.
Listen to him, West Palm.
Thank you, Michael.
Joey Porter, my ass, man.
What a jerk.
And then Chris is sitting here.
In fact, Chris Defendigam.
What's wrong with Joey Porter?
Besides, he's an A-hole.
I got a big mouth and get stupid penalties.
What's wrong with the mother and dad?
Are you still defending the defenseless?
Well, no.
I mean, like I saw Sparano telling someone to get off the field.
I didn't realize it was Joey's.
It was Joey.
And he waved him off like a screw you, man.
Yeah, so I didn't see him wave him off.
Screw you, you guinea bastard.
That's what he was basically saying.
You know?
I don't like his altitude.
He's a real turd.
Joey Porter.
A real turd burger.
And you know, it's the way the whole team like lost their cool at the end.
They were just so embarrassed and humiliated.
I didn't see the Patriots doing that the first time when the Adolfin just smeared them all
over the field up in Foxboro.
Did you?
Nope.
No.
That's because the Patriots have two things.
Class and ass.
The biggest name.
That's a mass task.
Is it your budget?
Or a man?
The 5.60 QAM.
The biggest name.
The best task.
It's the man dog.
Man, the champion.
The 4.70.
The 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The ب was born 24 years earlier than my sister was adopted as a child.
Starlight is...
Starlight songs are on the strong side during the New Zealand, The Westị Square, 65 when,
on Crouch with pain.
Hey
the Panther's one
is a last but any interest
one thirty two and five sixty
sixty one No hurry К
And we have any Saturday.
No I'm talking about Monday
Two Friday weekends that we
just right that off. Okay.
Okay, that's a lost loser.
Oh, you know, here, this, this email, now I realize some of these may take a little while
before they come through, you know?
Yeah.
This is the epitome of what the emails have turned into.
Subject, Sid.
Neil, don't let these people BS you.
Sid is off right now because his wife just had a baby.
Joe.
Oh, thanks for the bulletin, Joe.
We just got through talking like five minutes ago about all of this, but a beep, but a beep,
but a bop and a wife had a baby, his second kid, and he's going to a serious in January,
in Yadda Yadda Yadda Yadda, all these other rumors.
As if anybody really cares, you know, when you're doing ones and twos in the book, I mean,
it's like a gigantic loss.
No.
No.
A H. Oh, what great initials those are.
A H says, dear Neil, you were thinking of Alabera, a scapegoat, a travertress, a reporter,
is nice and eff you were nice kids.
Well, that's good.
They were nice kids.
It sounds like maybe they're dead or something.
They were nice kids.
Maybe they're not nice adults.
I don't know what that means.
The fake Larry King says, tell George to listen to the station.
Mike Paxton does traffic on WQM.
I guess what we don't know.
No, no, no, no.
We don't care.
We don't want to.
Clarence Lotto was the W.I.D.
Jet Copter was the best.
Says the fake Larry King.
Clarence Lotto.
Boy, that goes back a long ways.
I don't know.
I'm wondering if Clarence Lotto also did traffic on.
I don't think we had traffic on KAT.
I don't know.
But that name sure rings a couple of bells.
Clarence Lotto.
I wonder if he's kind of Trent.
I wonder if he's got pom-poms.
That was down 37.
It's like, yo, simmering it slow cook.
It's okay.
Steve says, have been a fan since you were Symbol Cast in Tampa.
You are great entertainment.
Yes, I am, Steve.
I'm a hell of a stupid old fag.
I saw commercial on TV last night that made me laugh.
Ford is offering two years of free serious radio
with the purchase of a new car.
That will make me run out and buy a new explorer.
Thanks, Steve.
Yeah.
Two years, my ass.
I wonder if they want to guarantee that they're going to get the serious for two years.
Let's see how that serious stock is doing.
That was only down 44.
It's like I said, it's marginal.
Click on that baby.
Let's see if it'll go through.
It's having a there.
It's crawling.
There it is.
15 cent.
Study is a rock.
Started the day at 17.
It's then went immediately down to 15 and it's steady as a rock.
That's right.
15 cent.
Anybody want to buy some serious today?
I'm good.
I got another story in my pile.
Oh, where the hell is it?
Oh, don't tell me I lost it.
That would know I didn't lose it.
Sirius XM, this was from a few days ago.
When it was 17 cents.
Okay.
And it says this is from CNNMoney.com.
Sirius XM at 17 cents.
Look out below.
The satellite radio company has to deal with Detroit's woes, a tapped out consumer and its own debt.
So we've been at 20 cents a share of the stock's not a buy.
And now it's 15.
Brother, can you spare a dime?
It says during the Great Depression XSense, could buy a little something for those really hard up.
During this financial crisis, asked for two dimes and you can get a share of Sirius XM.
That's right.
The stock of the much-bally-hood satellite radio merger has plunged more than 90% this year,
and was trading recently at just 15 cents.
It says 17, but that's 15.
And now several aimless wonder of Sirius XM will even be able to last much longer without a major restructuring.
The outlook for Sirius XM has grown increasingly worrisome at the current time looks bleak.
Said Frederick Moran and aimless with a Stanford group.
At this point, you have to question whether Sirius XM will survive 2009 in its current structure.
There is a likelihood that it could enter bankruptcy.
Oh no, how are they going to pay? How are that 100 million?
How are they going to pay CID the kid if he goes up there?
The company would not officially comment about its stock pricing concerns about bankruptcy.
How did it get to this point?
Sirius XM was officially formed this July after the FCC finally approved the merger of the Asians only two satellite radio firms.
The two companies which charge customers a monthly subscription have been losing money since their inception because of its many big expenses.
First there was the huge upfront cost to launch their satellites.
Both companies also spent heavily on marketing to attract customers.
Finally and most notably, there's the huge price tag to lure talent.
Howard Stern for example has got a five year, $500 million deal at the beginning of January 2006.
Big three posed big problem for Sirius.
The biggest problem is the company's reliance on auto industry.
Sirius XM has got deals with all the major car makers that have satellite radio is pre-installed in their vehicles.
GM forward and crash through our begging Congress for that bailout.
And speculation is swirling that one or more of the big three may have to file for bankruptcy.
Is auto sales have plunged this year.
And while Detroit's Asian rivals aren't facing near-term cash crutches, it's not as if Toyota haunted Nissan or enjoying healthy demand.
What's more the credit crunch has made it tougher for people who might want to buy a new cardigan auto loan in the first place.
The automobile industry is collapsing and the banking industry is collapsing.
So if somebody wants to buy a car there's no money to finance such a purchase that April Horace and Amelist would Jan co-partners.
With that in mind Sirius XM said when it reported third quarter results last week,
an expected subscriber growth to slow in the fourth quarter this year and in 2009.
The company now expects to win this year with 19.1 million subscribers.
And next year with 20.6 million, that's only about 8% growth down from about estimated subscriber growth for 10% this year.
Horace said that the credit crunch is going to hurt Sirius XM in another key way.
She said consumers will be less likely to buy satellite radios for their homes and cars from retailers.
The circuit city bankruptcy filing is a perfect example of how much demand for consumer electronics has fallen after all.
After all, what's most worrisome is that Sirius XM's got more than a billion dollars in debt maturing in 2009 with a 200 million dollar tranche.
It was originally 300 million to February.
What the hell is a tranche?
Dota.
Like a tranche?
TRAN-T-R-A-N-C-H-E.
Installment.
Branch.
Crunch.
Munch.
Look at it up.
Look at it up, tranche.
A division or portion of a pool or a whole, an issue of bonds derived from a pooling of light up.
They got a big payment coming up.
Big fat payment coming up.
Dig deep in your pockets, man.
Sirius Myass.
15 cents a share.
Oh, Neil, you belong on Sirius.
You know, just by accident, just the fact that my agent is totally inept.
That saved Myass.
Rock and roll Hall of Fame.
Ted Nugin is not in there.
It says 30 million recording sold.
6,000 sold out concerts.
Ted Nugin, you want to put him in there?
Sure, I'm sure.
Sure, go ahead.
And here's another one.
It says Ted Nugin.
Two in a row, not from the same person.
And here's another one in Chinese.
Ted Nugin?
No.
Oh.
Just in Chinese.
Well, it's from my Apple.
It's from a Mac.
Isn't that what you tell me those are?
Yeah, a lot of times it is.
Now, why does that happen?
When people send me emails from a Mac, it shows up in Chinese printer.
And like, it looks like Chinese.
Uniligible.
Why is that?
I don't know.
Just the way it is.
I don't know.
It's just the way it is.
What a hell of an answer from our computer experts.
It's just the way it is.
It's a different operating system.
So sometimes stuff doesn't transfer over it.
Well, how do you like that?
Smack the Mac.
Chicago's in first place.
They got 20 Metallica 15, Rush 14.
And after that, only double digits.
Moody Blues 11 and Jeff.
Jeff Rowe tells God 11, what is with you people?
Wow.
Whoop!
What's up, fast talent?
You're with me, Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
So pick it up.
Just that talent.
If that's the Asia, we ignite from 8 to 11.
For my power, I'm gonna offer you 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The U.
Time once again for Dan Quayel's family values theater,
illustrating how to be traditional, even in the 90s.
Why isn't that dinner great, kids?
Yeah, Mom, those are the best hamburgers you ever bought.
Better than the pizza you had delivered last night.
Well, what are you kids up to tonight, drugs?
No, Dad.
I've got my believe in group.
And tomorrow nights, lesbian, scout.
Uh-huh.
Son, you need help with that scale model,
serial killer you're building.
Some other time, Dad.
Cindy and I are going shopping for condoms.
Oh, sounds like you're getting serious about that girl.
Oh, Dad.
Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some far know movies.
Gee, you two are the best parents a kid could ever have.
Thanks, Dad.
Oh, that's quite all right here.
Thanks, Mom.
That's quite all right, dear.
Join us again next time for Family Values Theater.
Where life is a big window of the vice president's imagination.
Okay, 145 QAM.
I've just got an amazing email from the fake Norma Cant.
All right.
You'll be my devoted client Neil.
You'll be happy to know my efforts to get you syndicated our long-lasting bearing fruit.
Please call me the minute today.
You're sure when so we can hammer off the details.
Beginning Monday, December 1st, you'll be syndicated on the following stations.
W-W-O-N-A-M-930 Wainsboro, Tennessee.
K-B-E-T, Winchester, Nevada.
K-S-Y-L, Alexandria, Louisiana.
W-V-O-N, Burwin, Illinois.
And W-V-A-A, and West Lafayette, Indiana.
There are drawbacks, but I'm sure I know affiliate partners.
This will not be a problem with you.
Drawback number one.
Your show will be taped to late in Nevada.
Drawback number two.
The West Lafayette radio station technically belongs to Purdue University.
As a result, your show will be filling in when the regularly scheduled student host failed to show up due to class, hangover, zapathy, or general mischievous.
Drawback number three.
Due to a licensing agreement with other radio stations in the Alexandria, Wainsboro areas, you can no longer play any comedy, but not produced by Volkabrion or some other internal show source.
For drawback number four, no more Yiddish, and for Christ's sake, don't let them know you're a Jewish atheist, Obama supporting homosexual.
Those are the only drawbacks.
At last, I've done my job.
We'll discuss my new commission shortly. You're as normal-cant.
Somebody took a long time to read out a...
Swill, you know.
That person took a long time.
What?
It's the same person.
Why do you say that?
Because I believe it.
You don't think there's like two or three?
Maybe two, but I doubt it.
Oh, here's an idea for the poll. Best TV sidekick of all time.
We've done it.
Do you want to do it again?
Tonto.
Robin.
Let's put those two under.
Artemis Gordon.
Dano.
Link.
Lamont.
How about Lamont Cranston?
How about Dave Lamont?
Speaking of farting guy, I don't think so.
We've done it a million times.
Sidekick.
How about John McCain?
He was Bush's sidekick, corner of the campaign.
Remember that?
Mm-hmm.
He wasn't a maverick. He was a sidekick.
That was down 34 points and serious.
He's hanging in there really.
Rock solid.
That's 15 cents.
It's a buying opportunity.
I haven't heard from the fake Maria Barthoromo today yet.
No.
Because the market is like Comsi Comsa.
You know, it's like not this.
It's more like that.
Someone who supplies marijuana to a patient who has a doctor's approval for it
can be prosecuted for dealing drugs.
The California Supreme Court ruled yesterday in a narrow interpretation
of California's medical marijuana law.
Advocates on both sides of the case agree the unanimous ruling will encourage Californians
to obtain medical marijuana from patient co-ops which are authorized by a 2003 state law
rather than from an individual supplier like George.
Ideally, it the ruling won't have a tremendous effect, say Joseph L. Fertilow for the Americans for Save Access.
A pro-medical marijuana group.
Patients will now increasingly get their medications through collectives and co-operatives.
The 2003 law provides an alternative outlet for patients agreed.
Deputy Attorney General Michelle Swanson, the state's lawyer,
she said Monday's ruling applies only to a category of suppliers.
Those who are not the patients caretaker or fellow co-op member,
whom the voters never intended to protect when they passed Proposition 215 in 1996.
But Lawrence Gibbs, attorney for Santa Cruz County,
man who appealed as marijuana dealing conviction, said the court made it much,
much more difficult for qualified patients to get their medical marijuana.
Although patients can turn to co-ops or clubs give,
said the resulting centralization of colorations of fly will make raids and prosecutions
much easier for federal authorities who are not bound by Prop 215.
President Elect Obama said during the campaign,
he supports the states right to legalize the medical use of marijuana,
but believes it should be subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
Well, what a shame.
The pop police are coming to a door near you.
I'm going to knock it down.
Jason says, have a great turkey day.
All the best. Hope you're around for years.
For next year's Thanksgiving, oh, I see.
Put down the ice cream says Jason.
No. Then it says he puts the turkey in the basket.
In closing, can you please put William Nelson on the pole? No.
Also, tick is a two-phase slime ball.
Just walk away from that son of a bitch.
Is Jason?
I don't know why he's got to get tick.
Isn't tick one of the people that we've been given a spy report last couple of days now
that we know that the guys across the street are like tourists.
He's one of them.
He's one of the moles.
And they got a lot of big yaps across the stream.
A lot of loose lips that sink ships, man.
Every time somebody takes a sloppy BM over their across the street,
we get wind of it right away.
I do mean wind.
It's an ill wind that blows no good.
Is that how that saying goes?
Something like that.
The song was out for a little while before.
Now it's murky and it looks like a wintertime.
It looks dank and depressing.
Not good.
Pete from Boccas has been listening to you rave about the Godfather moving for years.
I like you, like to love the first two, but the third not so much.
Being of Sicilian descent, the movies have parts that touch really close to home.
The winning, the food, the way the characters talk to each other.
And what I like best is that I don't have to read the subtitles.
The Italian they speak in the film is really a Sicilian dialect,
which differs greatly from Italian.
I don't know if anyone has ever translated what they're really saying in Sicilian,
but I'd be glad to help you with this.
Oh yeah, Pete.
Let's spend a few weeks translating the Godfather.
The clip from the movie you played yesterday where Michael explains what a good husband will be to Apologna.
One of the men says the word manger that translates to trouser throughout English.
I will send more translations that I can't cross more dirty words.
I can't remember them all right now, Pete from Boccas.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Menagela Mazzetti.
I wonder if they say that in Sicilian.
I'm sure they do.
Sicilian.
Okay, let's take a look at the pool.
I haven't had like a whole bunch of names put in here, and that's probably good,
because then we'd have to look them all up.
And then we'd probably find the most of them already in the rock and roll hall of fame.
Who should be, and you know, Mr. Radio vanished after I bitched him out
and I threatened to block him before good.
Oh no.
Send me those stupid pictures of all the dead, the QAIOD people.
Why would anybody do that?
What does it add to the show?
Is the audience going to see them?
Well, what is there to say about them?
For a guy who comes to be a radio, no, seriously, for a guy who claims to be a radio groupie,
he doesn't understand that he sent me swill that nobody cares about it.
It has no impact on the show.
Nobody can see it.
We're not doing television.
This is Alex Bennett would say, television.
And not driving a meada.
Oh, he was such a wimpy.
And he's uncirious.
Alex Bennett.
Seriously?
Yeah.
Who should be in the rock and roll hall of fame?
Who's not?
Chicago 24, Metallica 17, Rush 15, Jethro Dull 14.
The Moody Blues 13, Deep Purple 10, Kiss 10, Dooby Brothers 9, Ed Solomon 8, Genesis 8,
Alice Cooper 8, Yes 8, Journey 7, Boston 7, Steve Miller 6, The Carpenter 6.
How can the Carpenter is not being there?
I mean, that's just crazy.
The Guess Who Five, Rick Shaw 4, Hart 4, 3-Dog Knight 4, ELP 4, Billy Idol 4, Grand Funk 3, Pat Boone 3, The Monkeys 3, Bog's Skags 3,
Fifth Dimension 2, 2 for Super Tramp Ario Speedwagon, Neil Sinaca, ELO, Joe Cocker, Blood Sweat & Tears, Stevie Winwood, J. Black,
One for Forerner, The Osmonds, Billow Withers, Brian Epstein, Kansas to Hollies, and none yet for Ted Nugent.
They all wanted him on there, but no votes yet.
Todd Rungren, Gary Puckett, The Union Gap, and The Association.
Gary Puckett and The Union Gap should be in the rock and roll hall of fame?
Oh my God, please call the doctor.
Good His Name.
Please, Chief.
You don't listen to the Rajax 4.0.560 QAM.
The Fourth Leader.
It's Dave, Miami Town, at 5.6.0 WQAM.
Way up in Tampa was a Crap's Day Morning Show.
Oh my God.
Then in Orlando they ran at 2.
Now they can compete in Old Tampa Bay.
They're on in Jacksonville and they're to run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money, run and run,
Boy they blow, run and run.
Absolutely.
All of the A's like to call them the bros.
Bash the gays and the epics to you fairy.
They're worse than sunny box or parvy shoes.
Blasphite or my lo and even.
Joey, too.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they make too much money, run and run,
Boy they suck, run and run.
You know these two losers show is a real snoozer,
But I must give credit where credit is due.
After five minutes of that bad radio makes me love that Chuck Myers morning show.
Run and run.
They just aren't that funny.
If something tells me they took lessons from sunny, run and run,
Boy they blow, run and run.
Bash the gays and the epics to you fairy.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest names of the best caliph.
And your home for Miami Dolphins football.
4 3DO 560 WQAM.
Miami on Lauderdale.
1 2 3.
1 2 3.
I'm happy.
Under the rain.
1 2 3.
1 2 3.
I'm counting and I like it.
Acceptable.
This is not going to happen anymore.
Anybody else does this on this team.
Doesn't matter who it is.
If it's Joey again, they'll get suspended.
Is that what you do?
Do you send out the you fire out the warning shot?
Is that what you use?
Because there is no precedent set.
So now this is it right here.
Here's the watershed moment.
Here's where you draw the line.
Is that what you're going to do?
Whatever we'll see anyway.
So of course I'd love to hear your opinions on it.
Everybody's got an opinion on that.
And I think again, we kind of talked about it this morning.
We talked about it in the afternoon yesterday.
It's one of those that when you have authority,
most of us kind of have to listen to it, right?
And you have to follow by the rules.
And when you don't, there's a price to be paid.
And that's the thing that we'll see what ends up happening here.
If that does end up happening.
Anyway, 5.67.
05.60.
That's toll-free in date and broward in pound 5.60.
If you're an AT&T or Verizon wireless customer heat,
lose last night,
poorest defense against Houston.
Again, it's kind of a tough matchup for them too.
Because when you look at the guys that they're trying to defend,
not easy, my friends.
Okay.
That's the problem right there that you look at the team.
