New person this pack on really good
Are you sure that me or what?
I'm kinda sorry for that, but I could be the BU
What?
Been it up there.
You're over there.
You're the best, Kelly.
You're the best, Kelly.
You're the best, Kelly.
You're the best, Kelly.
You're the best, Kelly.
I'm 16, WWE.
You're AM.
I AM 8.
And you lost 100 days.
You're the PENF.
Maybe I can help him.
You're out.
560 WQAM presents the Neil Rogers Show
to talk to Neil.
Dial 5678, kiss your limerate and prop on a blue doggary.
Call a team for a claim at 777-85.
Neil, centimonyl is got to be on your AT&T
and for rise to wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues
do not represent those at WQAM management staff.
You're a mess.
Now the Neil Rogers Show is morning or what?
I'm 16, WWE.
I'm 18, I'm 18.
All right, all right.
Welcome back to the repeat of the Moe, How it Addivided in the Show?
With none other ear to my most hated colleague, Gugugu.
Guguelty.
I'd like to thank everyone for the mess of letter writing campaigns
and get me back on the air.
You know, Ryan, when you have one mullet head,
can't you see I'm talking over here?
Yeah, we're really not out of ear.
What about the letter writing campaign?
I mean, we'll let us buy the thousands.
I told you not to use the same retina drafts.
I didn't use mines.
Yeah, but they retain them all to me and best at that.
You're right.
And that jack's guy is still on the air.
He absconded my digiggy and he never got raped.
Yeah, that's right.
Hey, we're going.
Go, go, go, go.
Go to the 30th.
Go, go, go.
I'll do that.
You can't move around.
There's another part of the other part of the other piece.
They all long he was a huge liar of me.
I require you to take off those gangster pants.
I'll wait for that.
Okay.
Now bend over.
Lay out who they are.
I said bend over.
He's delighted.
He's delighted.
He's delighted.
No, no, no, no, no.
You got it all wrong.
Okay.
You go home.
Then I go do do do do do.
You ready?
Okay.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
Home to the new.
He to the new.
All right.
What is that?
So, rumor.
And of course, I'm sure we got to Joe talking about hockey, you know.
Nobody in this market cares about hockey.
Don't you understand that rumor after all those horrible shows you forced us to do?
Oh my god.
It's free.
It's me.
Christ.
Like a death wish.
We just had the worst book in the history of this radio station.
I believe certainly my worst in 100 years.
And just when we needed somebody starting us talk.
Let's talk hockey and some horse racing.
That should do it.
That should finish us off.
Like Johnny Joseph, you owe a jerkson apology for the bad number we had last night.
What I do for the week.
We got a happy leading.
To the bad leading.
You better owe that one, buddy.
What?
I wasn't on that whole last book.
Maybe what, one week of it, maybe?
It's all right.
You still take the blame, though.
I like Chris.
Yeah.
That's part of my job.
As a matter of fact, we were talking about that.
That's going to be in my contract.
And what is that?
If a dog parts the wrong flavor in another county, it's my fault.
Femite Q.A.M. Hello.
Our first call on the day and there was nobody on there.
Was there?
I didn't know.
I didn't see nothing.
We didn't see nothing.
I punched it was ringing.
I punched up line six like that.
There was nothing on there.
It wasn't even a dial tone at that point.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're back with calls on the show.
Maybe and we are kicking big smelly ass.
Let me tell you right now.
This is our fourth day.
Do you think they can keep it up through the rest of the week
today and tomorrow?
Sure we can do it.
Here's the lineup, man.
It is really something.
We can't use the word on the air.
We got the jerk show 2 to 4.
Magdog 4 to 7.
We have no 10-minute Marlon commercial tonight.
6.50.
I guess they're not playing tonight.
Is that the deal?
No, they are.
How come we don't have that?
Oh, it's later on?
No, it should be a regular summer clock
or playing home.
Well, then how come we don't have the 6.50 Marlon pre-game
commercial block?
I will try to find that out.
We just agree.
I find out from clearing.
It's okay.
Kick it in the nuts if you could find any.
Then we got Hurricane Hotline at 7.
High School Grit I reported 8 men in the D-A show following
those two hours of absolute dead air.
Wow.
If we got some crap on here or what?
Yeah, we apologize jerks for the bad lead in this last book.
That's Jolly Joe.
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Want a comic?
Ha-ha-ha-ha.
Yeah, we had a little conference this morning with the Chris Joe.
He sounded like he was a little bit off-mic, you know?
He didn't seem like he really wanted to be there.
Our salesman, and Duff, she was there.
You're fair.
And Jolly Joe with his polyester slacks.
Deputy QA M, hello.
Eddie Arnold said he said Eddie Arnold said.
So it's Nelson Eddie.
Deputy QA M, hello.
Get out of the way.
Oh, they're playing those tapes again, George.
Oh, no.
Is that what that was?
I don't know.
And we don't care.
No.
Deputy QA M, not lying.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
I have to thank you for one of your promotions there.
The golf club.
I got you.
The other day and it went out of here.
You got that?
Work's fantastic.
I've already had two nicknames for once a year.
Yeah, okay, good.
It sounds like you're peeing in the phone now.
We'll peeing the golf club out on the phone.
Schmuck.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 off to a tremendous start today.
This is the bread and butter, meat and potatoes.
I sure hope rumor don't call.
He's originally Will.
You want me to arrange it?
I got it.
No, I don't.
I don't.
If you see them, not that long ago, and we had nice lunch,
and everything was fine, and I'm trying to remember who paid.
Who bought lunch?
That way, pretty cheap, though, was just the pickle burl.
It was cheap.
It wasn't like, like tonight, like Morton's steakhouse,
a Ruth Chris or something like that.
It wasn't one of those really high priced meals that I'm easily forced to pay for,
because somebody is really, really Canadian and cheap.
I don't know if you're aware of it, but he was born in Toronto.
He was originally a...
You're not sure.
And then he gave that up to become an American, eh?
So that explains the cheap thing, the cheap factor.
Chee, chup, chup, chup, chup, chup, chup, chup, chup,
which was a pot of time, I guess, it was pretty funny, you know?
The first 600 times.
Anybody care about Doug McLean?
No.
Nobody cares.
Nobody knows who that is.
Nobody remembers, and except for the fact he's got a potty mouth,
and Marty Heisinge didn't like it.
I remember.
I don't really care what the remember him or not.
The audience does not.
They don't know.
I'm sure they don't want to know.
It's hockey, baby.
Who's the buddy Q.A. in?
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
I'm not...
Nobody Q.A. in, hello.
I guess it was pretty funny.
I mean, Neil.
Yes.
How you doing?
Okay.
I just wanted to say a couple things.
I don't know.
I love hockey personally.
No, we're not talking about it, though.
Okay, that's fine.
You can talk about it for me.
Never mind.
Okay, my second thing is...
Who's your favorite Jew?
Who's my favorite Jew?
Yeah.
Me.
I am.
You would be on the pole, Jesus.
You would be on the pole.
Adam Sandler, Beastie Boyd.
You know, I'm favorite Jew.
How about Al Goldstein?
I am.
You would be on the...
Who...
Which Jew?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How about who's your favorite Goy?
How do you like that one, huh?
Who's your favorite Goy?
Who's your favorite anti-Semite?
Who's your favorite racist?
5-6705-60, pound 5-60 in the Verizon and Singular Wireless Line.
Would you think about that idea?
Sounds great, I suppose.
Really better than a Charlie Bees.
I'll tell you this.
What's your favorite sandwich filling?
I was thinking that maybe Fuddy and the Mike Disney have the same nose.
Maybe it's like interching really, you know?
Yeah.
It glows in the dark.
Yeah, it looks like a road map.
And maybe that's why Disney got all those wired diaries for how 105 in the coast.
It's 84 along the coast.
Oh my god.
It was getting a haircut yesterday and they had the coast on with our old friend Kenny Walker hosting the coast.
That's what put them over the left and they got Kenny Walker on their puke and after hit.
So they were playing the most one, hello, god off for old dodgy music and I can't so I'd say.
So yeah, it continues to be a nice Michael Bolton and Gloria Stefan again.
Not necessarily.
But along those lines.
Yeah.
W2A and hello.
Yeah, I'd like to get a message to the great one.
W2A and hello.
Open the air.
Yes, sir.
Hey, sorry about that, don't miss.
Yeah, we are too.
Thanks for the tickets by the way.
That's just helping.
You have more listeners to give it out the ticket again.
I want to thank you guys for that.
And thank you.
Congratulations on the renewing the contract.
You know, the numbers go down.
I guess the pay goes down, but they just keep going here.
I'll take it.
Thank you.
Okay.
W2A and hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Radio cranked way up.
Yes, sir.
I'm going out.
Yes, I am.
Oh, hi.
I'm going to listen.
It's great.
I just wanted to say I'm very relieved this morning with the news.
Hopefully that the delivery may be dropping out soon.
The thought of McCain running against these guys and possibly winning is absolutely terrifying.
I think that they need to start banging up on this guy and open some eyes here.
And if they can get the block Obama to do that, that would be great.
Get that bitch out of the way already.
Okay, it's over, honey.
It's all over.
Exactly.
The thing I'll say is I don't like Keith Oberman because he's sarcastic.
Why don't you call me out?
Yeah, that was a great call yesterday.
I don't know what the news died on.
I left Joe Scarborough.
I can't handle him.
And I don't like the news at night.
And who do you want?
Well, he's a...
Oh, brother.
In fact, speaking of Joe Scarborough, who's a real jackass, and we got a personality like I'd do.
He's a dead man.
C.V.N.B.C. business analyst, Mark Haynes, delivered the economic news and MSNBC, the next host, Joe Scarborough,
to explain why Hillary Clinton has been given more credit for nearly winning the Primer in Indiana,
where some early polls had showed Obama leaving.
Scarborough explained that Clinton failed to meet ex-reason expectations and that just is with corporate earnings statements.
That's what counts.
You don't want this to end you, a heinous-assed in conclusion.
Of course not, Scarborough replied.
I want the stone street fighting man played in the background while I monitor the streets of Denver with tear gas.
The ghost of Abby Hoppen rising up over the auditorium.
Yeah, baby, I want to fight on both sides.
He said Joe Scarborough, real jackass.
Hey, Florida jackass, no less.
A pasty-faced goofball with no voice, no personality, no... nothing to say.
A Republican pretending to be like moderate, unbiased, whatever, like that.
You know, Joe Scarborough?
I bet you don't know who that is.
Yeah, he's out of there.
He's a goofball, another one talking.
Scarborough, country, I wouldn't watch that crap.
Oh, I know he's not mourning Joe now.
Oh, whatever.
They keep moving the pieces around, because Dan Abrams has got a big ego.
He's in charge of programming out MSNBC.
And other than Album, they got nothing on the air that anybody would watch, including Harbaugh,
with Chris Matthews and politics.
The politics fix.
A guy who can't tell you.
And if Howard Feynman don't get a new wig or something, my god, what is wrong with that child?
Wouldn't you think that a Jewish guy would go on the air with a little bit better looking a hairpiece than that?
Jews with bad wigs.
That was just going to say.
Oh, but I still think that Louis Rooka is there, and I'm sure he was Jewish.
Yeah, that George Washington powdered wig.
Who ever heard of such a thing?
That little bit anachronistic.
That's where I was.
Yeah, just a tad.
How's tad foot doing, by the way, is he tad footing?
All over the place.
And down a shilletly over there at UM.
You can't spell scum without UM.
Oh, you can't do that!
I just did.
Careful.
What?
I'm not.
But them words.
Oh, that's right.
Maybe that's on the list scum.
Yeah.
It's in the bag, baby.
From it it's after 10 to 560 WQA.
Neil God, out, wQA.
Where the bag is.
STD Layton Stripjoins.
Approved by Joyce.
Fertzounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling stands.
Approved by Joyce.
Words containing the word bag.
Rejected by Joyce.
Directile dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
Tova Sounds resembling Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Layton Sports Related Faggery.
And Sports Show hosts encouraging kids to rob liquor stores.
Happily approved by Joyce.
Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Who never farted in your life that bitch?
10-17.
Maybe that's where Rimmer is over there.
He's in Naples.
Maybe he's having lunch with Joyce today.
Oh, I hope so.
Oh, she deserves it.
Yeah, that's right.
Never thought about that.
Hey back, it's a bitch, honey.
You bet.
She's buying.
So she's buying.
She's buying.
Here's the poll so far today.
Should Obama offer Hillary the Vice Presidential spot
on the Democratic ticket?
What about 142 vote already, Chris?
That's pretty...
He's done in the studio at the moment.
Why is that?
I have no idea.
I have an idea though.
What do you mean by that?
I think you guessed it.
He's the better he's talking to one of the engineers.
Who knows?
Anyway, no way she's poisoned 589.
51.5% said, keep that bitch off the ticket.
She's poisoned.
Yes, guaranteed winning ticket 307.
Don't care 131.
Don't know 115.
I don't know nothing.
Is what they're saying.
I don't know.
And of course, I have no line.
That too.
Don't forget to join George.
This Saturday for the grand reopening of the four-letter mail
comp USA at wherever that is.
2 to 4 PM.
Come for great deals on electronic software and accessories
and enjoy hourly giveaways and take advantage of my
non-intestinal specials.
Comp USA at 1740.
North Federal Highway and four-letter mail comp USA is back
and George will see you there Saturday, two to four.
Also, I keep looking at this childish scrolling
like clearance and I look at it and I think of myself.
This is...
This is something.
WDQM Bruce Ross-Mire-Holly Davidson and South-Aid Dodge
presents 105 days of Holly.
You could be one of 56 winners of the 2008 Harley Davidson Motorcycle
to register to go to any Bruce Ross-Mire or South-Aid Dodge show
Roman Hooters location or log on to wdqm.com.
You can do it in register right on there.
WDQM.com will also have our Neil Deal at noon today.
Barack Obama's March toward the Democratic presidential nomination
picked up support from four more super delegates
yesterday pushing him ever closer to victory over swallery.
She added two super delegates herself and once become
the last big contest is the race wines Twitter Finish.
There are just 217 delegates to be chosen in the final six
primaries.
Neither candidate can win enough of them to claim final victory.
Meanwhile, 265 additional delegates, the party elders
and other super delegates have yet to be claimed.
And there's some probably the deciding factor.
The Obama-Patted is delegate lead and Tuesday's primaries.
Most uncommitted super delegates still on remain on the sidelines.
The Associated Press interviewed more than 70 under clear super delegates
are represented as Wednesday.
And then he said they don't want to get involved until the voting ends
doon turd.
However, the comments of some of the uncommitted were anything but encouraging for swallery.
I'm just wondering about the viability of Clinton's campaign
at this point said, Lory, we key and add on delegate from New Mexico.
I just really want to hear more about if she wants to stay in the race
if the reason remains very concrete.
And put her in concrete swallery, along with the what's his name.
Jimmy Hoffa.
You think he's in concrete?
Yeah.
In the middlelands?
That sounds good to me.
Underdirt.
Pennsylvania representative Mike Doyle said Clinton's pitch to super delegates
has been the she can win the popular vote, but that was undercut
when Obama needed more than 200,000 popular votes in the Tuesday contests.
The math got very tough for her after last night, Doyle said.
I think most of us out of respect for her are content to wait a little longer.
The absolute best way for this to win is for the candidates to win
it not to super delegates.
That's the ending we all dream about every night.
That's what a dream about is that the bitch would drop out
make it less painful for everybody concerned.
Look at that phone, baby.
It's on fire.
It's flaming.
What is it?
FINGING!
56670560, come on, we're going to do this phone thing every day.
They got to get back in the swing of it.
Now, how many books do we need before we switch to poll?
You got 1143 on our already.
What about 1200?
Okay.
Does that sound acceptable to you?
Yes, sir, because the poll for tomorrow really blows.
I like who's your favorite Jew better than the one I got under for tomorrow.
That wasn't bad.
No, not at all.
Who's your favorite Jew?
Who's your least favorite Jew?
Who's the best Goi on the face of the earth?
Who's your favorite part, missing a Goi?
Who's your favorite part, missing a Goi?
Is it Reverend Wright?
Is it Reverend Hagee?
Is it Pat Robertson?
What about all these Goi?
WDQYM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes?
Neil, about there are low ratings.
Why didn't George or the people around you tell you that the reading was a bad idea?
I mean, imagine if Howard Stern would just...
Well, let me say this to you, sir.
Let me say this to you.
In the fall book, we were number one.
We had an eight share.
Are you listening?
He hung up.
Oh, he hung up. He ran away.
He ran away.
Well, he didn't George tell you the reading was my fault.
He had my bad.
That's hateful.
I've only been reading bedtime stories for what?
About 85 years now?
Do me a favor.
Would you do the show the way I want you to do it?
Yeah, that's where I George is the one that's going to dictate how I do the show.
Like a Zach.
There's another great conversation list right there.
Another brilliant conversation list.
Yeah, it was the bedtime stories.
That's why we had a bad book.
That's why I managed to had a bad book, too, because Neil was reading bedtime stories.
The whole station was in the tank.
Don't you understand, sir?
The whole reading period was bogus.
How 105 in the coast my fat ass, okay?
My big fat, pimpley, smelly ass.
And all these programming experts.
Well, if you didn't done this, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean, but I mean everybody's an expert.
In the meantime, they're listening every minute of every day.
I could be sitting on here making farting sounds.
Who?
That was just a raspberry.
Just slipped out.
In fact, you know something.
I guess if I were sitting here making farting sounds, we'd be doing a lot better.
George.
WQA M. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you doing?
Okay, sir.
I took your recommendation.
I rented a network.
And that's the timeless movie.
The whole true today.
I don't know what it did 30 years ago.
I mean Peter Finch's, right?
I'm in love with him.
I don't know who to take this anymore.
Oh!
And also the executive at the end, the guy that was in deliverance,
gives the heck of a speech.
That's not Bayhain.
What's his name?
Ned Baydie.
Oh, yeah, he says the world is not about.
The world is a business, Mr. Ville, or of course that's absolutely correct.
I know incredible stuff.
It's about oil and war and all of these things.
That's what the world is all about.
There's no nations.
There's 8 p.m., IBM, an updated version would be helpful.
Next time.
But in one final question, Neil, I just got back to listening for the last couple of years.
Are you being censored, right?
I haven't heard the Scottish diet.
We won't hear that anymore.
Of course we're being censored.
Well, how do you mean by that?
I told my radio had a governor on it or something.
I don't know what it was.
That's right.
But it's too bad.
And the governor, by the way, is gay, just in case you didn't notice.
I have a great day, pal.
You didn't out by.
Am I being censored?
I mean, are you kidding me?
We're doing a show with our hands and legs tied behind our back.
Still, we got somebody listening out there.
It's amazing.
Am I being censored?
This is the era in which we live, sir.
There is no more free speech.
There's no more even like a humorous speech.
Even if it's intended for humor.
Oh, you can't do that!
Hey, you can't make that inside.
Hey, laughter is bad.
Stop trying to get people to laugh.
Everything is bad, man.
Everything is evil.
Everything is sub-roso.
We've got all the self-appointed censors out there.
All the super-moralists.
Oh, my God.
He was making fart sounds on the air-exquatory activity.
Oh, my.
Like that.
And so we do this weekend.
So all these instant programming experts out there.
I wonder what they would be doing.
You know, all these geniuses.
I don't know.
Somebody QAN, hello.
Who's your favorite comic?
You know, it's sure ain't you.
QAN, hello.
Morning.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I have a question for you.
When you're going to be in your appearance next week, are you going to be doing pictures and autographs for us?
Yes.
You are?
This was great.
Because I said, why is that great?
Well, because it's been a long time since you've been out in public around here.
Yeah.
Well, then you ought to do this more often.
No.
No, no, no.
Why?
Because people like you are going to show up.
Oh, come on.
Let me ask you this.
What do you want to autograph picture for?
What are you going to do with it?
You want to frame it?
No, I'm not going to frame it.
But, you know, if you're a legend, I mean, you know, wouldn't you like to...
You're kind of like a Frank Sinatra.
Yeah.
You're going to have those, you know, it's kind of like a memory.
So when you're long and gone, I mean, you know, something I remember.
But I have my picture with Yale Rogers, the God of Radio.
Yeah.
In other words...
I have no life.
No, come on.
You're a good ever life.
I have no life.
I'm not talking about me.
I'm talking about you.
I have no life.
So if that's going to be the highlight of your life, is you got your picture taken with me.
Not the highlight of my life.
I did have my picture taken with George with the governor once.
I got George with Jet Bush.
Oh, well, that tells me to stay away.
Stay the hell away from me.
If you had your picture taken with Fat Ice Jeb, just stay the hell away from me.
Wow.
Any idea I want to smell you?
I don't want to know you.
I don't want the taint to rub off.
Taint what I had in mind.
Yeah, next.
And we're really doing a hell of a promotional job, too, on my appearance.
It's only a week from Saturday.
Mm-hmm.
And everybody, I'll be with you.
Oh, well, you think we can promote it on your website?
How about if we promote it on the show?
How about we promote it on the air, okay?
Jesus, God Almighty.
And like I told you yesterday, your little buddy Flea there that you think is a real maven.
He may be a real nice guy and making you a few bucks, which we all appreciate very much.
But he is just...
He's got a press release out.
And I think we do make some every update.
Just because you don't listen to the rest of the stage.
You mess in every update to that what?
Come see the O'Rodders.
First appearance in years.
And how many years is that?
How many you tell me?
It's only a few people.
So I'm going to say by saying seven keys.
Well, these people know about me and this show and where I've appeared.
They wouldn't...
What the heck is this name?
The Lord's hell is clear with what the Lord's hell is for.
You're 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
This is your brain.
This is your brain on drugs.
This is your brain being shopped of bits by a final home meat cleaver.
This is your brain in a blender.
And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili.
Brains.
Real food for real people.
When it's time to make some change.
And it's forever.
He's so cheap, it drives you insane.
And he's forever.
When he sees the jack coming.
He'll start to run.
For a free pill, he'll start the lane.
Like a monster's mall.
What a cheap ninja's wallet, it can take.
He'll spawn the mud.
If he wants the juicy steak.
He knows the job is covered.
So when it comes to stuff, he knows that it's free.
Bring your panes for him, or does he?
So cheap.
When it's time to make some change.
And he's forever.
Make sure your pocket's contained.
And he's forever.
You'll spend the fortune's lephing.
This guy around.
Make sure that your wallet is upside down.
If you say that you can't name.
And Jeff won't bother.
But you'll be your friend all day.
For about $60.
So if you want this guy to throw out with you two weeks.
Bring your panes for him, or does he?
It's your duty.
So if you don't find money, then check again.
Just take the place.
And he'll be right there.
For tips inside.
They're going to be bad to go.
Bring your panes for him, or does he?
He's so cheap.
$60.
$10.34.
$26.11.5.
$60.00.
$2.00.
$2.00.
$2.00.
$2.00.
$2.00.
$2.00.
$2.00.
$1.73.
$3.33.
They don't want no Hillary on the ticket.
She's poison!
And I feel like I didn't say anything.
He seems usual to have you keep knowing him.
Do you think he'll die after being killed?
Nah.
So if he'd been har an ugly bank happy, I would be right.
Plus, all the people in the Texas union have been delabs.
In retrospect, since he's come out, you know, standing up.
In retrospect, maybe it's not so bad because he proved that he can take not only a punch,
he can take every low blow, every bunch of dirty crap thrown at him, and still lay over
heads and shoulders above her.
And of course John McCain goes without saying.
One thing about the difference between Barack Obama and John McCain, Obama is alive.
That's one of the differences.
5.6705.60, 0.560, and he's Verizon's singular, wireless lines.
Your take on the big sales meeting this morning with Chris Jones and Joe Bell.
That was, and Muff was in there too.
He doesn't even want to have any idea what was going on.
That's how it was most interesting.
W.2 Ryan, hello.
Joyce, I could tell by the 10th round.
Yeah, but the timber, yeah.
That was Joyce.
Are we like 5 hour delay today or what?
Are we done with the calls?
I think it was only just a one week thing, you know, maybe.
Well, that jerk that called about, well, can you imagine if Howard Stern was reading?
Let me say this to you, okay?
Howard Stern was chased off of terrestrial radio because of all the censorship and FCC
finds, sir.
And speaking of reading, I could be wrong, but it seems to be that we wake here at this
And I was like, hey, I'm going to be a little bit more honest, sir, and show the last,
got only knows how long Robin was on there reading the news.
On and on and on and reading all those bedtime.
Anything else, Robin?
Anything else?
Am I right or I'm just making up?
Yeah, yeah.
And of course, a lot of us could be outside of the radio.
We're not for the fact that Howard Stern and Mel Carbys and we're going to hop up all the
money in the meantime while they're losing their ass and I'll arrest anybody else who's
working on theirs working for peanuts.
The fact that Bob and Love Spongebob had to go back and do two shifts.
He had to go back to terrestrial radio and do both to make a living, satellite and terrestrial
radio.
What does that tell you about how much they're paying?
A lot.
Because Howard's got a big ego and he needs a 50 million year or whatever it is.
He's got a big ego to feed.
And a big noise.
A big mouth.
WDQA and Hello.
What is it?
What is it, Reverend Schmock?
WDQA and Hello.
QA and?
I don't want to really go on the air.
I just wanted to get, you had a promotion or had an advertisement a couple of minutes ago about a
Harley Davidson promotion.
Yeah.
And it was just something about going on the 2 a.m. website.
Where would I go if I wanted to sign up for it?
W2N.com.
No, I'm on that.
I couldn't find it on the website that wasn't there.
We're going to look.
We'll find out.
Keep listening.
I have no idea.
You know where to go?
Tell him where to go.
Yeah.
Is that a setup or what?
I don't know.
I'm going to look at it right now.
QA and?
Right hand side.
It's on the what?
On the right hand side, it says QA M Contests.
I'm going to assume it's stored this as 105 days of Harley.
Where do you see that?
You know the right hand side?
Right now, at the very top, it says Big Dog and it says Interviews.
Yeah.
Election 2008.
What are the elections 2008 since QA M Contests?
Oh, yeah.
QA M Contests.
In the very first one, there says Toyota.
And one under it is 105 days of Harley.
Oh yeah.
There it is.
I'm going very tiny print and 105 days of Harley.
You click on that baby.
I clicked on it.
Register here.
There you go.
Thank you, Chris.
See, Chris is on top of this crap.
Yeah.
They don't tell us any of these things because we don't want to make it too easy for the audience.
We want to make it like an adventure.
You know.
An adventure.
We want to make it like a 40 stage process to make sure not too many people get involved.
Well, it keeps them on the website longer.
Yeah, that's right.
QA M Hello.
It's working back, little Tommy.
Somebody QA M Hello.
QA M Hello.
Hello.
Hey.
Hey, great day in the morning.
Yeah.
The Rogers is on here.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And also, why is it Saturday night live?
I'm going to take a pause here.
It can do so far.
I was king.
It's getting for five minutes because they don't work for a beastly broadcast.
That's why because Joyce isn't censoring everything they can do.
Why can they fart on Sesame Street?
That's exactly where I work.
Well, we'll let the answer.
Okay.
Just beating a dead horse man.
It's not going to change.
Well, now that you got the new deal, you know what's that mean?
You're going to get all your material back at?
No.
Of course not.
Seriously, some of you people are like delusional.
I know what you're thinking about.
I'm doing the best I can under any possible circumstances.
And we got fat ass Jolly Jolly here doing sit down comedy this morning with Chris Jones,
who didn't want even being in the room.
That was obvious.
What am I doing here?
What am I doing here?
I'll go back North Carolina.
It's so fine in North Carolina.
The word, the term, Jooling Yehu, comes to mind every time I just think about that child.
I haven't thought about him for a long time.
And then this morning he was so far off my, has he ever seen a microphone before?
Does he know where to stick that?
I can't point at it, but I thought it was good when he tried to appeal it.
Get named.
The best talent of the world.
The largest sport radio player.
6QAM.
The fourth leader of exploding bombs.
Well, I was shopping at the store for some food.
Buying groceries never felt so good.
Too bad I didn't know my credit was waxed.
Store security was breached in the database.
Got ACRAP that spells me.
My credit is crap.com baby.
I'm as crude as I can be.
Thought about killing myself maybe.
Now instead of eating good and getting fat.
My identity was stolen and now my life is just crap.
C-R-A-P that spells me.
My credit is crap.com baby.
1044.
I'm voting for mole from 2 to 4.
That's what we need to turn the place back around.
Let's get the moment back.
What do you say?
Let's do a couple of, couple of doys and I think you're right back on track.
Oh, happy 60th anniversary of the Israel.
For all you Zionists.
5670, 5675.
Yeah, happy birthday to the Israelis.
Okay, they got all the jets up there.
They'd wrap up a few nuke cents out of the Arabian on all those old buss and the Muslims.
All those evil doers baby.
All those getkies all the time.
The Jewish getkies and the Muslim getkies and the Gleysha getkies and whatever they are.
Everybody's got their own brand of bull crap.
Like us.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Neil Rogers, how are you?
Okay, sir. How are you?
They're countrymen to subject for a second.
There is no subject. What's the subject?
2004, daily cup, quarter final.
WDQ-YM, hello.
All you have to do is think about hockey.
You need to have to sit and you're going to be gone so fast.
Okay, see that's why we take those polls.
It's not that we don't already know it.
But I have like tangible proof on here.
What's the last thing that the audience wants to hear about hockey?
So call up Wremor, okay.
We'll give you his hotel number in Naples.
You can take him out to dinner.
It'll give you a whole seminar.
If you're buying.
5.670560, 0560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I think it'd be brilliant for him to offer her the vice presidential spot
because it would just solidify his message of uniting the party in the country.
Everybody has to work together.
But don't you, you couldn't, wouldn't you love to be there when he does it?
And I can just hear that.
It's not going to happen.
You don't think he'll offer it to her?
No, I do not.
Why not?
Because he's too smart for that.
What does he want to have?
And we're like putting a human anchor around your neck.
What does he want to do that for?
Well, I know that personally I feel the same way.
But remember Reagan and Bush, how they were when they...
Yeah.
They're thinking Johnson and Kennedy, right?
Well, guess what?
This, she, she, she ate them.
Yeah, I could just hear it if he offered it to her.
Oh, you think he could do it?
You thought you could do it without me?
Go ahead, see how you can do without me.
That, that's just the way she'd work it.
But I think she'd rather be head of the president of the Senate or head of a committee to...
She's not going to be the hater in the Senate.
She's very much disliked by her Senate colleagues.
So Hillary's done, huh?
She's in the Senate.
Who do you think Obama will pick?
I haven't got any idea.
Who would you like to see him pick?
Somebody said yesterday Bill Richardson, I think that's a good choice.
Yeah, I agree.
Not John Edwards, look what a great job he did for John Kerry.
Yeah, I'm thinking Richardson or, I don't know, I guess Gore wouldn't want to do it, but that'd be a good pick.
Bobby Richardson would be good.
Yeah, even better.
See you.
Tony Kubak could be already still got that bad lump in his throat from getting hit and hit and hit throat.
1960 World Series, baby.
Bad Hop.
The, inarticular, almost illiterate Tony Kubak.
He became another broadcaster by the way.
He was probably early days of the jockocracy when every dumb jock all of a sudden became a broadcaster.
George does know about that, but it's been going on for a long time.
Dizzy Dean may have been, well, he wasn't the first, but he was, oh, Dizzy Dean.
I've never heard of it.
He's slotted in the third base.
He was illiterate.
He was slotted with illiterate.
That was his charm.
He was totally illiterate.
And he was on TV, on ACNY TV, on the Game of the Week, everywhere.
Dizzy Dean.
And then of course it was Joe Dodg, Jula.
Get a check.
Get a check.
It's, I'm not saying everybody's got to be like some super egghead, and especially not like that area of felching on the CNN.
But, but at least, you know, there's nothing wrong with having like a little bit of common sense, a little intelligence, a little articulateness.
Why is America worship morons?
Well, what is that all about?
Because they are.
Because what?
What?
Why is it?
Because they can relate to them like a play.
That's right.
That's him.
He was even dumber than them, which made them feel better about themselves.
You.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hola.
I'm your favorite.
W.A.C.Y.M.
Hello.
What do you think about Bernie Frank for the VP slot?
No, yeah.
Uh-huh.
Oh, it's the whisperer.
The whisperer is back.
He he he he.
I thought only little girls giggled, okay?
5670560, pound 560 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
Yeah, Bernie Fag.
That would be good.
In fact, what a great ticket.
Julie Raman and Bernie Fag.
Femite Q.A.M.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
I am a longtime listener and I want to tell you that I can't even listen to the shows that I normally listen to.
You and Randy and Stephanie Miller.
Because I can't stand the Hillary Basting any longer.
Yeah.
And you know what others you want me to give your opinion and not mine is at it?
No, no.
But I'd like for you to remember for you and for all the rest of the Obama supporters.
Remember that about half of the Democrats who get out and vote and the people who vote are the only ones who count are supporting Hillary and and things see.
And who are those people?
A lot of white racists and a lot of old women.
Neil, I am not a racist because I support you.
I didn't say you were, but I'm asking you who are those people who are voting?
That's what the difference doesn't make who they are.
It also matters that they vote.
That's what we have in this country.
In other words, if they're voting for her because they don't want a black man to get the nomination, that's a good idea.
Why do you assume that that's the reason they're voting?
So you're telling me that that doesn't exist? That people aren't doing that?
I'm not saying that that doesn't exist, but...
Let me put it to this way.
If Barack Obama will wait, he would have finished her off weeks ago, months ago.
Barack Obama will wait. He wouldn't be where he is.
The reason he's made such a splash is because he's so different and he's so unusual.
So in other words, what makes him popular is that he's black?
No, what makes him unique is that he's black and being unique is part of what makes him popular.
Okay.
I mean, I saw him give a speech like two, three years ago.
I thought he was great.
I thought he had a great future, but I really feel that Hillary would do a much better job of...
They based on what? Great job.
Great job. She did a health care.
That was the one assignment she had when her president was in office for a year, and she blew it totally.
Well, what else does her claim to fame?
The kind of leadership she's given in the Senate, which is non-existent?
The fact that she voted for the war in Iraq?
But for more high-pitched, she's extremely popular in the Senate.
Not true.
Oh, well, I don't know. I'd have to dispute that.
Well, you know, something no matter what I would tell you would dispute it, so what, you know, why argue?
I'm closing. I'm totally over it at that time.
Story.
Okay, here's one for you.
The top-of-the-fun razor store in the town as advisors concede.
Internally, many advisors concede that swallery has lost.
To all intents and purposes, the race for the Democratic nomination is over.
Popular poster John Zabi writes in a comment from the BBC.
My understanding is that probably today, but certainly within 48 hours, about 30 super delegates will endorse Mr. Obama.
That's what given further momentum. He's got the big mo.
Tortor tortor tortor.
The New York Times today says that top-of-the-fun razor's had internally declared cleanse bid all but over.
As Adam and Edmonton, as Mrs. Clinton appeared on Wednesday, several advisors said that how long she'd stand the race was an open question.
Some top-of-the-fun razor said that the campaign was all but over and suggested she was simply buying time yesterday to determine if she could raise enough money and still win over super delegates.
The elected officials and party leaders who could essentially hand Mr. Obama the nomination.
Highlighting the financial woes of Mrs. Clinton's expensive battle against Obama, campaign officials disclosed that the $6 million in loans she made to her campaign had come in three installments in April 11th, with the last two since May 1.
Mrs. Clinton and her husband made separate $5 million loan to the campaign after the February 5th contest.
Mrs. Clinton is willing to put even more money into her campaign, said Terry McCollough for campaign chairman.
Senator Clinton has antied up on his fighting ony said.
Other advisors said an interview that her campaign was newly out of cash, raising questions about what kind of campaign she can continue to run.
Clinton and advisors said they were concerned that the candidate's online fundraising, which boomed after a victory in the Ohio primary in March and Pennsylvania in April, had slowed by comparison on Tuesday night Wednesday,
and that her donor base was either tightening somewhat or playing weight in seed despite her public appeal for money Tuesday night.
Clinton needs to not send out the near, near hourly email blast, bragging about online donations that came after previous successes.
Song be the poster wrote at the BBC, what is important about Indiana North Carolina is that Senator Clinton was not able to damage Obama.
The Illinois Senator showed himself to be resignated in the wake of three weeks and so of crisis and much more importantly, he got back on a winning track.
This is the evidence that some super delegates have been waiting for.
Many of them, most of them had clearly made up their minds that they would not support Mrs. Clinton and so this had become a case of whether or not Mr. Obama closed the deal.
This is what appears to have happened last night.
Where do we go from here? As I would be cis, my understanding is that probably today but certainly within 48 hours, about 30 super delegates will endorse Obama, which will give him further momentum.
Mathematically, this will widen the gap between him and Mrs. Clinton. He's got a bigger sure of the popular vote, more pledge delegates and will now overtake her in terms of super delegates as well.
The George McGovern told her time to hang it up, honey. Bye-bye, hang it up, it's over.
She just said, I don't want to get the message. You don't say? Oh, yeah. She's like crazy. You don't want to get the mess illusional.
The illusional. Why are you going to get that lady very upset? Hey, she can't listen to us anymore and Randy even gave all the swallery bashing.
She was. I'm just giving you my opinion. I've been consistent on her. I've been against her from, in fact, if Obama weren't even there for like a, right, Pinocchio, the schmoo.
I beg your pardon? The schmoo. That was a fat rich line. It was a very bad choice of terminology. Really? Why did you call him that?
1193 on the pool. I think we're going to wrap this stupid ass pool up pretty soon. Should Obama offer him a device presidential spot on the Democratic ticket? That's the poll question. No way she's poison 623. Yes, it's a guaranteed winning ticket 319.
So why am I dressed up like a pirate in this restaurant? Don't care 132 and don't know 119.
Yeah, something about the deep South, baby. There's something in it. What it's called. It's called illiteracy. It's called ignorance. It's called stupidity.
That's what the deep South is all about. The red neck of America now. This lady that's trying to rationalize all this Hillary stuff and says, well, if that's the way people want to vote, you know, she, she denies that there.
Any people out there voting for her because they don't want a black man to get in. Now, isn't it? Would you say that's a little bit naive? Who's being naive now?
K K K if you alienate that woman, there goes half our female. Presidents and senators don't have men killed, Michael. Who's being naive now? K K WQ a.m. Hello.
Good afternoon, sir. Good morning, whatever it is. It was great article by the way. I really would like for somebody to answer me how it is possible that an individual who has never won a campaign in the last 30 years is Terry McCollough's guy.
Continue to run campaigns. I mean, this guy is about the biggest loser that the Democratic Party has has ever managed to get out there. I don't understand. That's the Democratic Party, especially. I understand.
I know. I've been a deputy director of Democrats since I was able to vote in 1981 for the first time. And it's like, as you so often say, there is nobody better at matching defeat from the jaws of victory.
That is correct. The fact that there's even any contest being predicted with McCain after eight years of this butchery was a lunacy. That's pretty sorry. In fact, after the racket tack and all the horrendous stuff that was going on, the fact that Bush was able to pull off in steel 2004 again, that's scary.
Yeah, that's all you have. And I would say to Barack, be careful, buddy, because if it looks like you're going to win, God knows what will happen.
Yeah, that's true. I agree with you. All right, take care. Good luck to him. Good luck to us. God bless us. One of all those tiny Tim said wasn't that tiny thing? It wasn't. God bless us. Everyone is what he said. Is that what he said?
Oh, wrong tiny thing. Wrong show too.
You got to agree. So I'll take you to the rod next.
This is the Neil Roger show. You feel you feel you feel it. Any questions.
Bill Clinton was exposed as an adult. One of his goals may have been to humiliate me publicly, but now is my turn to show him what I had discovered.
On that auspicious day, lunch was served on the grounds under an enormous white canvas tent. One of my challenges that afternoon was Fidel Castro.
There was a mischievous gleam in his eye. Then he said something that left me in awe. Hillary, I have a picture of you in my office.
Mmm, delicious. Almost immediately, we crashed into bed. It was wonderful to lose myself in sheer physical sensation.
A few days later, Stevie Wonder called and asked if he could come over to see me at the White House. I answered, yes, you must come to see me.
That night, I was ushered upstairs and told to put on a wig and hoop skirt. And he periodically broken to giggles for no apparent reason.
And not all that athletic anymore. But the next thing I knew I was swinging back and forth, squealing. When Stevie finished, I felt numb.
Another surprise soon followed. Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Mick Jagger. He held in mind. After all, what happens?
Love No. 2560 W.Q.A.M., she ought to know about that. If she's so popular in the Senate by the way and go to Senate Majority Leader, let me ask you this, how come the majority of her senate colleagues are supporting Obama? Oh, I don't know.
Must be just a coincidence, sure it is. 56050560, don't forget, listen to our new, we'll be doing our two for one deal. This is what times the food coming in.
Can't be here soon enough if you ask me. Really? Yeah, I don't know. Probably 1130, that's when it shows up usually. Well, I'll be named.
I said on Tupelo, Mississippi, they had the tornado went through there and all kinds of damage and stuff. And the ghost of Elvis is not too happy about it.
Tupelo, Mississippi. Can you imagine the average IQ in Tupelo, Mississippi? Yeah.
56050560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560560
the best
we have 1200 and a sum on the pool, so change it
1200, no way she is poison, it is worry
and a schedule update
yes, Jetsi has his 10 minutes of programming today
and he is not going to tomorrow even though the schedule says he is
in other words, clearance school the schedule up again
well, whatever, it is too late, I already promed the schedule clearance too late
and believe me, promoing the Jetsi Agra pre-Marlin nothing at 650, isn't going to do us a whole lot of good
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so
here's got high numbers for those 10 minutes
yeah, what's the worst complaint you ever had with their travel is our new pool
they lost my baggage, the food, a whole bunch of these things
I don't think I ever lost my baggage, I'm trying to remember
they ever lose a bag? not lately
I heard Mo and Larry King
I'd like to swap bags
yeah, quote the cut the crap
air sick, miss hypercure, I don't know
crap, turbulence, oh yeah
I had one flight to Atlanta, connecting flights to Atlanta one time
the turbulence was really bad
so that's the pool, it really sucks
it's one of those Charlie B leftovers
really blows
Charlie, you're poles of, there are a few good ones along the way right?
and then he ran out of material
should Obama offer a swillard the vice-presidential spot
no way she's poisoned 631, here's the final total
52.3% say no way she's poisoned
yes, guaranteed winning ticket 322, sure
don't care 132, don't know 120 out of 120 and 5 vote
heavy duty vote total today for Chris's pool
aren't you proud?
oh say it loud and very proud
somebody QAAM hello?
Neil, yes
I'd like to pitch your you at costume with the great one and
yeah okay, WDQAM hello
hey good morning you
good morning
yeah I'd like to throw a little complaint into the QAM suggestion box
yeah please stop playing those rolls and spots
with George and mad dog
oh yeah I'm gonna stop playing the spots because you don't want to hear them right
well that's what we're here for is there a spot
that's what we're here for is to make money
not to please you with a spot
so if you don't like the spots put your fingers in your ears until they're over with
get lost
please stop playing the spots
how about we just stop playing all the spots
how would that be?
and then the month will just shut the whole place down
sure we could take the auditions instead
schmuck
5670560.560 and they've arrived in a singular wireless line
WDQAM hello?
hello Neil?
yes I just love the new show
and they just want to let you know I'm listening
WDQAM hello?
George is a fabulous
WDQAM hello?
QAM hello?
a bonnieo?
yes?
one and a three gets one lock
WDQAM hello?
yes hello?
hello?
hello?
hello?
yes is this WDQAM?
yes sir that's what I said I said that but I picked up the phone I said WDQAM hello?
ok well I could hear you start with
yeah I could hear you KAM hello?
I'd like to talk about a couple of statements that earlier
yeah
one of them about the TOTEQ back doing the play of the week
or the game of the week
actually I believe busy Dean was the gentleman that said
he had a flood in the second base
that's what I said start in the third base
does he do that's what I said?
I said Tony Kubex had a flood I just said he was illiterate
oh ok well I didn't consider Mr Kubex illiterate
and another question
yeah it's not a question of considering he is
another question of particular
how many people do you think are voting for Obama
because they don't want a woman as president?
some
that's all I said thank you
ok some see this is the problem in selection
it's the you got your racial thing you got your gender thing
and you got the age gap which is not too many people talk about
they mentioned it once in a while because they got a lot of time to fill
the young against the old the living and breeding against the ancient
against the bigoted old coots
oh we know I'm no dark guy in there I can't bring myself to do that you know
people who have grown up doing a generation where blacks were supposed to know their
place and being the back of the bus and drink from separate water phones
and stuff like that in our lifetimes in Florida
1973 I was working at WSPD in Sura Soda and I remember at the
maybe was the dog track in Braydenton
and they had separate water fountains drinking phones for whites and colors as they said
yeah whites and colors all the colors
that's right I was just one color
pink purple dark
election
Hillary Clinton stays defiant on the stump in West Virginia
yeah it stumps me how much more of their money they're gonna pee away
you know something we could have a good time with that money what is it
11.5 million now yeah we could have a pretty good time with that money
there she's just flushed me on the toilet
Mitt Romney spent a lot of his own money that how did that work out
worked out pretty good didn't it yeah
it's called another massive ego trip
228 hello
Q&A hello
hello yes sir
I put them put them put them left for
228 hello
I can hear you yes
are you okay how are you
why picked up right away I scream right out there you go
and that's a good old days
hey out there's a couple of way about the election
people aren't voting for a woman and they don't want to vote for a black man
but what if John McCain expondy right as his running man he wins and he dies two days in the office
and you got a black woman is present yeah black guy died
yeah great to hear you yes sir but okay sir
I think it's great to hear me too because when I get up in the morning I start talking to myself
and then I know I'm still alive
he's still alive they hit him a choice and he's still alive
hey let's see what the choices are in this pool I don't want to waste any time with it because it blows
worst complaint you've ever had with their travel flight delayed seven oh boy tell me about it
two cramkin crowded four stalled on the tarmac for a long time two
you're playing restroom one it was a toilet
this happened occurred one turbulence one bad fight attendance service one who I said next to one
ooh they lost my luggage one and then no votes yet for I got air sick the
inflight movie or lack of one couldn't smoke a bad ticket to counter service accommodations
sucked never flown flight cancel their their airplane food well they're playing food always sucked
all my life I've had maybe a half a dozen meals on airline any airline that I could
say but I was really good they've had a great meal on it of course you don't
have even a good meal that would be Q a m hello
wow my own meal now I'll tell you you still have really great food but then of course they start
cutting back because they have all like subsidized the prop and all his free trips
that he gets to take like when he came here on all it's time they just have great
food manja manja when you get on board it's a manja manja and everybody look like what's that
that would be Q a m hello kata kata q a m hello
yeah my name is kata wrong how about how did you weigh in hello
and he'll yes sir how you doing do I just want to give you a compliment on your
restaurant the ticket my wife and I called for going and get in but one of your
all stations I would just like to let you know they're actually putting restaurants on
there but it's been closed for three months so when you show up the doors are closed
really yeah so two and half and twice might so personally once in a friend of mine
how station is that I O D W I O D oh my God yes and and one of the one of the
ones that we went W I O D oh I hate that station near one of the restaurants
that we went to was actually a restaurant they said with five star and it was an
old bagel shop tent into the worst talk radio ever in my life and W I O D okay
great well I would not be doing any I O D's if let's you don't even have any
anymore because they were they couldn't they couldn't do that successful
yeah so they put it on Lamont you know you have to describe the flavor of Lamont
spark from that morning in order to get the deal coming to sector 11 at 560 WQM
and PD Lenny who just you know he's got his own way of doing everything that is
right I just get another email from him would you please record this and MP3
it back to me okay why is he sending you that I haven't got any idea what you need
to do is get that piece of copy and thanks it to me and I'll record it in the morning
before the show what what is wrong with this man why is it that everything in the world
has got to be his way there's the right way and that's right he's Q I M I think
you know what took place just now off the air because I think it's important
here this Howard just called the radio station Howard David who I get along with
great I thought he called me and I was trying to stir it up my point back to
Howard is don't listen listen to one on one point five let me see what age
group one on one point five for Howard maybe one oh two point seven some easily
listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the
grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station he's becoming
Howard the caller like Howard from Boka Howard from Boka it's like you know it's
okay so anyway he's he's listening so just wanted to get the message out and
don't call my show too just for a record don't call off the air because I don't want
to talk to you and I don't want to hear you on the private line congratulations
you know the private line number that's great but don't call because you're not
coming on this show you got you've got your three hours five to eight Monday
through Friday you can talk all you want but you're not coming on this show and
we're leaving it down all right I got nothing against you you seem like a decent
person and I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station
from everybody else but it's over me and you done
I got a call here the number one rated to me the most holiday day
minute is shown to me at least according to my aspirations stay away from me I
don't even hire you have children Mirabba hello I want to take on J. Feeder
Oh J. Feeder is a great court of acting a good joke I like J. Feeder
well not to mention he's got extraordinary never-release smooth pit pups
Oh yeah I'm just gonna be careful with your safety
Oh thank you all no no wait a minute don't go but I have nothing else to say
look at how about this I was the weather down there in Mirabba I'm right down the street
from you I have to go away by the way no no I have to go look I tell you what I'll hold you
open up right house down there I'll give you one of my old tent teachers
I'll stop I got this no way true that worked the only color we had the things on your
nose is growing again it's on steroids authorities
What?
It's on the toilet, boy.
What's up?
The door is the door is the door.
You got things with old days.
I can know that I can say.
And around those posing symbols,
you call my eye.
My eye.
If you go look,
it's up here at your feet.
A road map of canceling teeth.
You got your selfie, son.
Way to die, die, die.
I know clothes won't something stay.
Almost every day I paint.
And my veins, as they start to tickle.
I had annoyed the door to door to door.
Yeah, I know.
Like a falling apart.
That's because I'm in trouble, boy.
But I know that I can't say.
The point of the day.
I know.
That you want to see.
And say it's kind of this memory.
I know that I can see.
The point of the day.
The point of the day.
You're trying to shoot me.
Moe and Gellie, I can smell it.
Come and back to you before coming to a radio show near you.
Can't you see it?
Yeah.
I can smell it.
1121 at 5.60 W.A.M.
I still can't get over the fact that I didn't hear it.
Thank goodness.
I would have gone back to bed.
That rumor called Joe Rose and kissed his ass this morning.
I'm going to be caught in the path.
It reminded me of that thing we just played with Joe ripping Moe for calling in.
Some people like when I took them to lunch when they were here.
And he was going to be on some radio show somewhere here.
Why is it that there are some people always have to be on?
You know why I mean by that?
They've always got to be on somebody else's show.
I don't understand that.
I have four hours here every day and it's believed me more than enough.
I don't have any desire to call on anybody else's show to go on CNN.
Remember those days when they were always offering me inviting me to come on a king in this way?
I'm not interested.
What's it going to do for me?
It's going to make me anyone.
Riley Factor is always calling to get you on the show.
Oh yeah, right.
As if.
I just don't understand people like that.
We just always have to be on.
Well, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.
Like that.
It's a job. That's all.
It's not my life.
If this is your life.
I have no life.
Right.
5, 6, 7, 8, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 10.
Let's get these phones smoking here today.
Maybe it's Thursday, the 8th of May and less than an hour.
We're going to be doing those meal deals.
Right?
I hope so.
Saturday, Georgia is going to be a good day.
A copy USA, 1740 North Federal and Fort Lauderdale.
A week from Saturday, it will be all of us.
A Gulfstream, you and me and Russ are going to be there.
Maybe PD Limiel show up.
God forbid.
When you make sure that he gets that message to fax you that copy,
I'm not MP3ing this to him or MP3.
I just cut the crap.
We'll get it away.
Jesus, God Almighty.
WDQYM, hello.
Like to make a request.
Yeah, we want to make a request to die.
Die.
And I'm next week, not six weeks from Succas now today
before the bottom of the hour.
Soon.
WDQYM, hello.
So your new one is going to be my mom.
I'll just come back.
WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Good afternoon, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay.
Hey, I just wanted to let you, I'll give you a heads up.
Just give you a little report.
I was flying out of Fort Lauderdale in Toronto.
I had an airport the other day and I ran into Geldy.
Yeah.
And I told him I said, hey, you know, jokingly, I told him I said, hey, Neil, Neil misses you.
And he says, you know what?
I can't, I can't run into that guy without him telling me every time that he owes that I owe my, uh, my career to him.
This is the report of how did he ever tell me that?
No, no, he says that you told, you always constantly tell him that.
I tell him what?
That he owes his career to you.
Or excuse me, that, uh, he said,
as you're making this up, are you able to like, uh, put the words together and piece it out so it makes any sense even to you or what?
All right, let me try another half second.
He says that his career is only, uh, there because of you.
Yeah.
You know what?
It's too early.
It's not like that.
Basically, he was stuck in up to you and he was basically putting you down.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, eight, pound, five, six, eight, and they were rising in singular wireless line.
You know that word speaks less?
Yeah, you got some of that going?
Stephanie Q.A.M. Hello.
Thank you, more, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good to hear from you a little bit.
I don't know if you'd told you about it, but what you thought about the, uh, the Sisters Canker, uh,
ruling that they had a fair and broad county other day.
What?
The Sisters Canker ruling.
I didn't, didn't hear about it.
Yeah, the, uh, you're going to love this George.
I know how you feel about this, but, uh, the jury up here awarded $11 million total, uh, 12 trees.
I cut down and brought a day hasn't had to, uh, their, their healing yet.
But, uh, the question is, do I have to write my pile here somewhere?
But of course, I don't read the stories anymore.
So how much do I get?
I mean, if you look around, you got $34 per tree.
Woo!
Well, how many trees did you have cut down?
Three.
So there's a hundred bucks right there.
George is buying lunch.
Everybody.
Everybody come by the station.
The whole town come by and George will buy you a lunch.
There's about as much chance that you buy it.
Everybody wants his rumor.
Yeah.
The only reason in your case is you can't afford it.
In his case, he's an old man.
What?
He's just cheap.
Cheap.
Boy, you are.
You got some nerve, man.
Pick it on my good friends.
Hey.
WDQYM.
Hello.
Hey, I'm Daniel.
The adaptation of yours and Obama.
I'm not a fan of jewelry, but, uh, what should take on that?
That... that priest that he, uh, hanged around with.
Well, well, what does that mean?
That he hangs around with.
I'm waiting.
He's gone?
I guess.
Yeah.
Why would that be?
What's my take on the priest he hangs around with?
The same thing is the take on the preacher, the John McCain hangs around with John Haguey.
I didn't know the priest was there for her.
I don't care.
I don't know.
I don't care.
They're all full of crap.
And we're not voting for preachers, okay?
I know the media is all whipped up about that because it was one of their ways of tearing
Obama down and it didn't work.
The media that's obsessed with keeping the establishment in because they've been whipped
in the shape, baby.
If it's not next time, you're 50% alive.
Sporting the 5.50 QAM.
The fourth leader.
I'm juiced up right now.
There's no telling how high gas prices will go.
There's nobody wants to tell big oil, no.
One way to tell them that we've had enough is to spend.
Spent on the pump.
Spent on the pump.
Show what you think of those oil rich pumps.
We're getting tired of them gouging us.
So spend on the pump.
Your gas station holder will clean with you.
He has the same kind of trouble too.
Clean his pumps all covered and go and spend.
Spent on his pump.
Spent on the pump.
Show them your gratitude when you fill up.
In the solidies of kickin' their junk, it's spent.
Spent on the pump.
Taking advantage as they gouging rain.
Just how much of this drink you tolerate.
Grow a big pair and expect the rain and spend.
Spent on the pump.
Spent on the pump.
Our leaders don't have the balls to step up.
Grow a step further and take a big dump and then spend.
Spent on the pump.
Spent on the pump.
Show them your angry and really fed up.
No one will help us as time to get up.
So spend, spend, spend on the pump.
Love a 32 or 5 60 WQAM.
78 votes on the new poll about the Z-Planes.
Of course, there are so many of those that we've all experienced.
Those of us who fly a lot.
Whether without a plane.
Like your governor.
He flies without the plane.
CNN's Cal Perry and Croupin behind building is Gunfire, Rages and Bay Route.
How do you like that?
CNN's got some of their people.
Pappy out of building while they're like, they'll teach him to be over there and lesbian on.
Lolou's a maniac.
Wait till you hear this story.
A high school student says he may follow lawsuit against the Fizzette teacher who took a Mexican flag he had brought for a single day mile and put it in the garbage.
Clint Stratman denies Ferlin Camelo's version of events but said he took the flag Monday because white kids might have hurt the 16-year-old.
He said he put it in the garbage can because he had no place else to keep it.
Camelo said he was changing it to Jim Closett, Minico High School in Rupert when Stratman told me him, give me the flag.
I said what's the problem Camelo speaking in Spanish told me, times news of twin falls.
He said the problem is that when the United States not in Mexico he grabbed the flag from me and threw the flag in the garbage can.
Camelo said that Stratman told him the flag would be returned at the end of the school day but that Stratman taunted him instead.
I asked where is my flag Camelo said he said what the US flag I said no the one for Mexico but he wouldn't give it to me.
The flag either. Camelo then said he took the undamaged flag out of the garbage he said he's been contacted by the ACLU and considering a lawsuit against Stratman good suis ass baby.
Camelo on the other broad Mexican flag to the South Central Idaho School to celebrate Stratman single day mile they may fit recognition of Mexico's victory over the French Army on that day in 1862.
About a third of the student body is Hispanic and Idaho. Well who the fuck that huh? Right. Wow.
Stratman denied saying the words Camelo attributed to him and said the student may have misunderstood him because of his poor English skills.
He said he took the flag from Camelo after Camelo had been waiting in the school gym and denied withholding it later.
I had a confiscated so wouldn't escalate any problems in class. Stratman told the times news. We're worried about that stuff all the time.
We always had kids saying stuff to each other. We have a lot of fights between kids.
Scott Rogers superintendent of the Minadoka County Joint School District said investigation has been started.
He said that he couldn't come in specifically about personnel decisions.
We believe in non-discriminatory practices and cultural sensitivity. He said, right.
Roger said he was at the school early Wednesday the school was quiet. He said he noticed a few students wearing clothing in the colors of the Mexican flag red, white and green in protest amongst Monday's incident.
Red, white and green, which is also the colors of Italy's flag. So maybe they were tired.
I'm going to pick up some Italian's I got news for. I mean, you better not pick on the Italians.
Should the Italians flag doesn't have that emblem in the middle there? No, I understand that.
But if you pick on the Italians, then who comes to school? Don't call your own. That's right. Straighten your ass out in a heartbeat. Yeah, let me worry about Luca.
Let me worry about Luca and it all of a sudden does that those alligator teeth and other things. And speaking of the jaw thing, maybe you can explain since I'm an old funny, dirty old fart.
I'll be like I realize that I'm so out of touch. I'll be touching. I know what a hair lip is.
Remember I was trying to remember Glenn Turner, Derby great last week. Yes. But this is not a real hair lip. This is a little bit of hair under the bottom lip.
Okay. Hair lip has nothing to do with hair. You understand? I mean, that's what I just said. That was all right. Jesus. Oh, because you said wait right in the hair from hair lip. He's doing it to me again.
Yeah. I was just using it as an expression. Okay. All right. So what it sounded like? You think I don't know what a hair lip is? No. Anyway, you're just trying to evade answering the question.
I understand it's a fashion statement or some crap like that. It looks like hell. Are you talking about the tiny, tiny little ghost?
A little bit of hair on the chin just below the right right right right under the lip. Yes. What is that? I think it's a mini go T. I don't know what the technical term is for it. But yeah, it is it's in.
I know that. I see it all the time. Stupid. Really stupid. You guys out there that got that little bit of growth under your lip there, man. It looks growth. It's gross. It's a gross growth. God.
W.A.M. Hello. Why do you have W.A.M. Hello? I know that. I feel bad. Well, here. I feel you'll stay out like this. But you are George. For a pet. That's an.
You out there. No. W.A.M. Hello. Yeah. What's your. That's what I'm saying with that. Mexican. W.A.M. Hello. I deal. Yes, sir. I always rob her. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, man. I just.
Want to call me about police officers. I will give you a hard time. You know, Americans that are left in the highway. You know.
It's unfair. I don't think it's just they've left the crap out of me for what? For the jerk. I guess so. Just like you are. Yeah. You know, I better be going out there.
I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not. I
could answer. Who would buy it? I would.
a telegram. What I ever consider writing a book, there we go with a George
Crap again. Oh, you want to write a book. When you're like a national celebrity,
we're saying when you're known by millions and millions of people, sure. But what
you've been on for like 32 years in the horse ball town like at a place like
South Florida, who the hell is going to buy a book? I could write a book easy. I
can write it not just a book. I could write it in cyclopedia.
Hey, good night. Sorry. What? That top of hair. Yeah. It's called a soul patch.
A soul patch. A royal. Wait up. Wait up. And we're going to royale or a flavor
saver. Take a choice.
A flavor saver. Yeah. See. Oh, you know, you have your flavor. I know. I know. I'm
envisioning it right now. I was going to talk about that flavor. The flavor. Wow.
I'm so glad I asked about that. It looks really gross. I mean, I've never seen
that on anybody where it looks good. Then there's some really good looking guys. I do
it too. I'm thinking to myself, why do they do that? Why do people are lucky enough?
I mean, you can't control how you're, you know, your genes, how you were born,
you know? Well, according to the urban dictionary, any self-respecting stylish male has one.
I have no self-respect. So that leads me. And I have no style.
What's his name? The best tower.
The US say they smoke. Smoke, gunga, smoke, smoke. The light of the split and talk.
They begin to cough and choke. Smoke, gunga, smoke, smoke. The gunga be good.
I'm not telling her son you are a rascal man. You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Many people coming here for miles around. To bite the earth for you, bite the ounce of dip.
Rascal man, say to her, mama, you're right. The gunga be good tonight. And then they smoke.
Oh, smoke, gunga, smoke, smoke. The light of the split and talk.
Smoke, gunga, smoke, smoke. Smoke, gunga, smoke, smoke. The gunga be good.
Those poor lesbianies man, they're busy killing each other again.
Yeah, oh, y'all man, the y'all man guy is dead. In case you missed a show the other day, we had a spy report.
Another one of our long time listeners is dead. No longer way. He's on the other side. Don't say dead.
Y'all man. He's dead. Is not ashamed? Y'all man.
That's the way it goes. I'll live in all you people. That's the amazing part of it. All you punk shut there.
Oh, Nandil, help me. Didn't bury pretty soon. We can all sit around and reminisce about what a jackass fag he was.
Yadda, yadda, yadda. I like that. Well guess what? Just like all those naysayers when I came to the market in 1976, all those old, old parts of KOT.
Hey, Rogers, you stink. You'll never make it six months out of here in this market.
How do you like that? And those people now are pushing up daisies. What were you going to say?
I said the pushin' up daisies. They're pushing it. They're in the neighborhood bar, pushin' stool.
Uh, trombunets chill new and then of course it knew we do our two for one deal today. Just put it in there.
And the food is there. Yeah. What do you got? I don't know yet. We're unpacking it as we speak. You're packing?
I ordered some brisket tacos personally. Really, Chris did also. Yeah. That sounds awesome, doesn't it?
Man, you're getting me really PO now. Oh good. That's what I'd love for. Sure that QAM. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing? Uh, I'm the motorman who stopped that jerk off the call earlier today saying that a highway at God's for harassing you.
Yeah. And let me tell you, he was the national. I don't know. I'm so cool.
Great. 5 6 7 0 5 60. All the people on Hylia get off our phone. Okay.
You've ever driven through Hylia. Just don't call us. Just go to Westland and do something productive.
And all you people that hang out at Westland, we know exactly what you're doing.
You're looking for glory hole. And I'm sure you'll find several. I hear that's where the really good ones are.
You know, the ones that were these. And there's nothing worse than somebody drilling the glory holes and lighting.
Rough patches around the way inside of the wood. They have comfort rings there in Westland.
Comfort ring. Who I never heard of that. Right. I've heard of other rings that begin with a sea like that bar in the end of the road.
Frictionless silicone on the Rude Vaseline. But nevertheless.
Tell us about Amsterdam. Now you get on a plane to go there. Okay. I'm tired of telling you about it.
In addition to what you better go there real soon because they're they're sanitizing it like everything else in the world like the show.
You know, everything is censored. Everything is sanitized. Everything has to be squeaky clean man to make the super more or less happy.
The toe tapping super more or less. Let me Q. I. M. Hello.
Hey, what's going on? You know, sir. Hey, I just want to get it out early. Just a suggestion for Obama's vice president. All your listeners. More.
Perfect thing. Yeah.
Oh.
Don't you love when they feed my material back to me? That's always my favorite taste and better that way.
Especially if you have one of those one they call it again on your list.
Oh, a flavor. Say.
A flavor. Say.
A flavor. Say.
The flavor, maybe.
Just the way being a slot. That's all. This is the way of looking sloppy. It looks nasty.
I don't know how we're decided that it'll look good. You know, some probably some queen.
Probably because queens determine fashion for everybody. I know. I know.
I know. I know. The straight fools. You know, no, let me along with all, you know, goose step in line. That's right. Not me, man.
I'm wearing the same outfit I wore in high school. Well, I knew I can't wait. I'm going to wear my new outfits. Right.
You're going to trim your toe nails and fingernails too. How are you? No. All right. I'll just to them. Tom nails to.
That would be Q. I. M. Hello. You know, how you doing, man? I'll go. Okay, sir. 85 to 90% of the time I agree with you. Yeah.
On this on this. I know Mexico thing. I could understand the teacher. Maybe being suspended for a day or two.
Being incentive, but being sued under on what grounds? What would you possibly sue the guy for?
I'd sue him for denying my constitutional rights.
It's the first to end it right. Freedom of expression, sir. Freedom of expression and association. Of course,
but the school also has an obligation to make sure they have a safe environment. Yeah, I'd hear safe environment.
I asked guys to get out of Cuban flag on sickle to my own so that a whole bunch of other kids who can come on.
Thanks. You don't think it's possible that you want to write. Pretty in slip. You don't think it's possible that there were other kids in that school that might have been offended by that.
And maybe it might have been a hundred to nine others. That what's to be offended by? I'm not saying.
No, no, no, no. I'm not saying they shouldn't be offended. I'm saying it's a great lesson.
It's a good lesson for them. They're going to be things that offend you and you know what?
Too freaking bad. Just look the other way and get on with life.
If I keep listening to that show and they're offended by this that I say, you know what? Too freaking bad.
I would agree with that, but I still don't see any grounds for that teacher being sued.
Suizaz. Friazaz.
Not out of here. This is he any grounds. So check your coffee. Maybe you'll find some grounds in it.
Don't gag on them now. Who's this a gag? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 9.
We're getting close to the top of the hour. What do you got? You dig into the food yet or what?
By the way, this is incredible. Really?
It is so good. Briscuit with cheese on some soft tortillas, but not like soft like all white,
but like you know firm, you know what I mean? With some chewiness to them. Soft but firm.
That's right. That's right. The brisket is great, perfectly lean.
I'm cheese and I put some sauce on there and some will come on in.
Wow. I'm jealous. Well, if you come down here and do some shows, Neil.
You know, I think of the last couple of times that I tried doing shows in that studio.
Yeah. There was a deal where it speakers all out of balance and I just just a nightmare.
You're really going to like it because remember I told you the one DCS crashed?
Yes. And they plugged the other one back into it and that wasn't as up to date as the one.
So we lost a lot of stuff down here. I don't have poiple veins anymore.
Really? Yeah, there's blue now. Wow. How do you like that? No purple veins.
Oh, see, so I wrote it in a playful. That's bad.
But that's what it is. What is that under? Poiple.
What's under playful? Must be under HD.
Play it now. I'll never hear it again.
Okay, I'll play after the top of the arm.
How many QAM? Hello?
How much got for the LED?
What? What? What? What? What? What? What?
How many QAM? Hello?
QAM.
Yes.
WDQAM. Hello.
Yes. Yes. How you doing today?
No, Fisher.
The official name for that soul patch or whatever from the 50s was an Arhuli.
It was a beatnik thing.
A main or G crab side one in the...
Oh, yeah. That's right. Remember that.
Yeah. It was Arhuli. Back in the 50s. Arhuli?
Arhuli.
It needs to be a band in Bomb Beach County was called Arhuli and they all had that little thing.
Now it's making a big comeback. So, of course you show you that little thing.
Sooner or later you'll be popular again.
There you go.
Okay, thanks. I have a little thing and I'm hoping to be popular again someday before I croak.
I'll put it on the station. I really doubt it.
I kind of doubt it. Especially when I'm watching this tremendous promotion.
I mean, I don't think it's that big of a deal.
Remember what I used to do with those appearances all the time?
And we never made that bigger to deal out of it.
Like the Pope was coming in or something like that.
Yeah, but you haven't done one either way.
And so I'm old and I got the real short here now.
Long toenails.
No, I don't have any fingernails or toenails.
Okay, I clip my toenails and I chew my fingernails.
All right.
Down to the nub.
I have no fingernails.
If there's just like a little bit of fingernail there, I chew it.
I bite it off and spit it out.
I go to the gas station. I spit it on the pump.
By the way, yesterday after I picked up the uponiac,
I noticed nobody called to see how my solstice is.
Not really mine.
Well, it is.
But anyway, how Paco's solstice is doing.
It's fine. They fixed the alignment and they unscrewed it up
from what he had ever hit a curb or whatever he did.
Maybe he had a couple of people.
I don't know.
So anyway, after I picked up the car, I of course,
because it was only half a tank, I went and filled up the tank with gas.
A $1.23 a liter, which comes out to four...
And this is for regular.
$454 a gallon.
$454 a gallon for regular gas.
What's it got to do with a brisket taco?
I don't know, but it sounds weird.
I'm trying to change the subject because you get me really high.
Yeah.
And what am I going to eat before two o'clock when I go off to a woodbite?
More bacon.
The my lesbianies cab driver.
More bacon.
And now, how heavy more bacon?
God damn it.
And that's not going to suffice for lunch.
I'm probably going to have to go over and get a couple of little snippets.
Because Snickers almond has someone bring you something.
I could call a Chinese delivery guy, but he's ugly.
Yeah.
He really is.
Or a Mexican delivery guy.
With a flag?
Uh-huh.
That's right.
I don't have any Mexican delivery guys.
I have Mexicans I delivered to, but that's another story.
It's because I'm the oldest delivery boy in town, baby.
How's it going, eh?
Maybe you could find a Mexican to deliver to you, the other one.
Like a Mexican helper.
Is that like hamburger helper?
It's something like that, yeah.
So what else are you going to be, besides those things, those tacos?
Pork.
What is this quesadilla?
Pork quesadilla sounds great.
Like, Pete keeps holding plates up with the house.
Cameroon, poor, bar no wa sada.
Oh!
Oh, shrimp wrap and steak.
And which is all gone.
Thank you, Mr. Unis.
I'm going to be the pilot of the Cayman Pete.
That sounds awesome.
Anyway, let me tell you right now.
It's time for the Ineal Deals.
Speaking of a Cantinoirado Mexican restaurant plantation.
By the way, let me just ask you something.
And I just don't want to make it.
I'll look at the other.
Well, that's why it's in the Fountain Shops.
Am I right?
Yes.
Because for just a second, I started looking through this copy
and I realized there's no address on here.
But everybody knows where the Fountain Shops are.
If there's ever such a thing as gourmet Mexican find dining,
you'll find it at Cantinoirado.
It's the other signature margarita followed by the top shelf guacamole
prepared right there at your table.
The shrimp cocktail shaken with the killer gold is out of this world.
This is the raspberry spinach salad.
The enthraser where gourmet begins.
Of course, they're your favorite.
Mexican standards like tacos and enchiladas.
But the real deal is the Commodore and Poblana Asada.
Sauted shrimp mushrooms and in tomato ray jack tea.
Stuffed inside a grilled Poblana pepper and then wrapped in a carne Asada steak
and served over a better chimichurrosauce delicious.
The Laredos, a chicken breast stuffed with shrimp topped with sauted
spinach mushrooms and tremendous chipotle wine sauce.
You got one of those?
Yes.
Good.
The fish of the day is always swimmingly fresh too.
Cantinoirado on university driving to fountain shops open for lunch and dinner
with a beautiful bar great happy hour nightly specials.
And at noon in about two or three minutes log on to wqm.com and go on to our
Neil Dielside by $50 certificates for just $25 bucks too.
Cantinoirado gourmet O'Lay.
The best talent to get the new projects for the 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Desmarque Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on QAM live in Chicago.
Oprah.
All right.
I'm going to see Darrell.
Oh you.
It is so great to be here as a transgender.
Now when did you make the decision to be a woman?
2002.
You kept your reproductive organs because you thought maybe one day I'll need them.
Absolutely.
You're a genital.
Now let's get to the penis.
I'd love to.
Wow.
Yeah.
What's wrong with this picture?
You look like a man.
And I don't mind.
You don't mind me touching.
No.
That is unbelievable.
I have never seen anything like that.
108 inches all the way around.
Obviously I'm very proud.
Thank you for sharing your story.
Again with us.
Thank you so much.
Bye everybody.
Hey, swallowing.
Hey, swallowing.
Hey, swallowing.
Oh, you got 45 left.
We sold more than half the 100 already in just a couple of minutes.
That's a good start.
Mmm.
And George and Chris are just going nuts over our way.
Oh, yeah.
44 left out of 100 for Cantina, Laredo.
You should go by the bottom of the hour.
I'm thinking.
Or by one o'clock.
This is phenomenal.
43 left, like I said.
These are $50 certificates for just 25 bucks.
And it's right there in the Found Chops implantation.
So no excuse.
Because that's a great location for where our audience used to live.
I mean, when we had an audience.
Remember those days?
No.
32 a.m. Hello.
Hello.
Well, this is a long time ago.
Yes, sir.
Bill.
Yes.
Wow, first time.
I, I, I, I, first time caller, long time listener.
Okay.
I can't believe you picked up.
Sure.
I picked you right up.
Cool.
Feel really good.
Anyway, I was wondering if you ever caught that show on, I think it was on the DH1 Classic.
It was New York 77 or NY 77.
No.
It was like a history of New York City in the, like mid 70s and what was going on there in the blackout, et cetera, et cetera.
But anyway, I ended up seeing our gold team.
They talked to him on it.
It was, it was pretty interesting.
I don't know.
If you ever get a chance to watch the DH1 Classic, I think you'll find it pretty interesting.
It talked a lot.
Pretty cool people from the 70s.
We missed for now.
They destroyed him, man.
They've put you in his life.
Yeah.
I thought it was a, first off, it was a big fact, I, but when they showed you, you look kind of.
Well, again, he used to be a big fact.
I wouldn't get a four to eat.
Oh, okay.
Maybe that's what it was.
It was a little brief, and they interview it, and he looked like kind of skinny and.
Gone.
Yeah.
Well, that's probably enforced diet.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, pal.
I'll check it out.
Perfect.
Got 40 left, four out, man.
32 left.
What are going in big chunks now?
Let me tell you that.
I'm going to tell you something that the, um, I'm a fat Jew.
Briskut.
The brisket taco with cheese.
That, that to me, because you know me in the meat and rice.
Oh, god.
I put a little bit of sauce on there.
The only saving grace is that tonight I'm going to be at Morton's steakhouse.
Okay.
Fabulous steak.
The best shrimp cocktail I've ever had in my life, I think.
Big, juicy, delicious shrimp.
Seen.
And of course, they got those hot desserts, you know, which I probably shouldn't have, but I will anyway.
You can't, you can't pass the, you have to order it when you order your meal.
Half our head.
Yep.
You understand what I'm saying?
I do.
I know hot desserts.
They have one of those.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They have one of those.
I don't know.
I don't know.
They have one of those.
They have one of those.
They have one of those.
I don't know.
They have one of those.
They have one of those.
I don't know.
You can put your tongue on it.
29 left is all we got.
Well, we're doing a fine job, if you asked me.
Let me put it on it right now.
How about you QAN?
Hello.
I'm from here.
Yes, sir.
Hey, um, get your phone for you.
It's, uh, you know, um, if you're interested.
Who's going to die first?
Um, um, um, you need to just add all these old guys like the Agnan, Dick Clark, Paul Newman.
You have, uh, New Riders.
Tony Curtis.
Hank Oldbird.
Willie Nelson.
Dick Van Dyck.
Yeah.
Robert Wagon.
Robert DeVal.
Jimmy Carter.
Third Kennedy.
Jeff Barry.
George Kennedy is still alive.
See?
You see?
Wow.
James Garner.
Bob New Hard.
Very Louis.
Yeah.
He's all-in.
Yeah.
He's 40, too.
He's 50, 40, yay.
Leslie Neilson.
Leslie Gore.
Leslie Stahl.
I tell you one thing.
Leslie Stahl audited soon after that stuck.
You know who else kissed his ass?
He's peddling a book.
That's why Scalia's been making rounds on these shows.
Mm-hmm.
And the Tim Russell kissed his-
Uh, Pasty Face Tim Russell.
Kissed Pasty Face Anthony and Scalia's ass.
On that show he's got on whatever channel it is.
How do you like that?
So that's the new deal.
And then Scalia's peddling a book that Nazi bassoot.
And they bring him on there.
That thing would Leslie Stahl.
I'm surprised that the 60 minutes didn't go out of business after that.
They didn't just take it off the ear.
His bra has declared-
It says the government declared war.
So there's a big battle in Beirut.
Look at that.
Listening to the user's alley felching the old egghead.
Here's that gunfire in the RPG.
26 left on the thing there.
I'm going to go back to the poll.
Let me know how we're doing on that, Chris.
144 votes on the poll on the new one.
And we had one on the first one.
1200 and something like that.
What do you mean something like that?
Viewed previous-
12-8.
Like I was just about to say.
Always got to get in there first.
You know, I always got to show a little-
Oh, look at that.
Look at all the schmutz on the street.
Well, if I don't yell at me.
Huh?
If I don't tell you the new-
I don't yell at you.
I don't yell at anybody.
You don't-
Give me a hard time with that.
I don't yell at anybody except for Rajash Kordas.
When you don't put the damn stories up.
It's a complete dismantle.
It's telecommunications network.
That's all that's that today.
The gunfire is raging in Bay Routeman.
The lesbian ons are just going nuts there.
I poured a lesbianies cab driver.
I'm sure I'll hear about this all the way to Woodbine.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
I don't want to hear about it.
They want to kill each other?
Fine.
Have a good time.
I mean, that's just that part of the world, man.
The most parts of the world.
Thank God in America we don't have people going out with guns.
We treat each other and shoot enough schools and places where they used to work.
And stuff like that and killing each other.
Because that would make us like barbaric.
We're civilized.
So what we do now, the new deal is we go to other people's countries and then we blow them away.
So it's like, you know, burning down somebody else's neighborhood if you're pissed off.
I can understand that.
But when you burn down your own neighborhood, that does make them what sense to me, you know?
That's one thing I could never figure out like about race rights and stuff like that.
Why do you burn down your own hood?
Right?
Right.
That's a little bit riding hood, sir.
And Robin Hood.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5.
What if Robin Hood had one of them little flavor tasters?
It's that recall I think he did.
He had like a little goat teeth.
What's the old house?
I think he was.
No, yeah.
What?
Let me sold out?
No, no, no.
Oh, scared the hell out of me.
Are you sure?
No, we're not sold out.
25.
Point out.
Why did you say that?
I mean, we started with a hundred.
This is one of those where we start with 50 deals and they go like in two minutes.
We started with a hundred.
And we have these two gentlemen there who are just raving about how great the food was.
So if you have any doubts, we never, we never stood around.
I want to say never.
We a couple of times we've been saddled with some, you know,
was not a fall.
Yes, some challenges.
Very good terminology.
We've had some challenging things to push.
But this is great stuff.
So take it really good.
Because once they're gone,
how many QA and hello?
Hello.
Yes.
Welcome to the open up.
This game's over.
This is the hotel pharmacy guy.
That's me.
Yeah, that's you.
Diet, diet.
No.
No, no.
Well, work on it.
We want you dead before Monday.
Okay, you will start.
It is good though that he reminded me of hotel pharmacy right there in Alton Road.
Miami Beach.
Was it Alton Road?
Oh, it is.
Yeah, I think so.
Found.
I remember it was 15 bucks.
It wasn't more than 10 or 15 right there on the street.
And I was broke.
I had no cash.
The FagShift Bank ATM was out of order.
And the back of those days, who are so the hell I had credit cards.
All I had was my bank card from the FagShift Bank.
Remember the FagShift Bank?
Nope.
You know, FagShift?
I don't think you're out of here.
Are you serious?
I was out of time for a long time, remember?
Oh, that's right.
You just have the FagShift Bank.
And I had my bank card and I had my big fat paycheck in there from KAT, 225 bucks, and we gross.
I'll tell you that.
It was gross already.
I wish I made that much.
Chris was using it half of that.
Now.
Uh-huh.
That's all right.
You wait and see it.
You're going to be tied into Georgia's deal.
I'm sorry, Chris.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Hi, my name is Piquaniel.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil.
My name is Piquaniel.
I was online and I left that your page.
I was wondering, do you have any more information on Judge Eileen O'Connor?
I'm a bit of Florida.
Who's that?
You wrote an article about it.
She is...
I wrote an article about it?
Yes, it's on the page.
I didn't write it.
You mean it's on our website?
Yes, on your website.
Who is she?
I don't even know who she is.
She's a judge and Florida that tends to be.
I guess she has two complaints about being racist against her.
Really?
Yes.
Never heard of it.
No?
No.
Blackmail on the court?
Never heard of it.
Okay, well thank you anyway.
Okay.
I just dumped that.
That all sounded real fishy to me.
I don't remember any such article.
Do you?
I didn't point anything on there like ever.
You thought we doubted you, honey.
So forget about that.
She's obviously looking to stir up some crap, you know.
Mm-hmm.
But nevertheless, she listens online and the judge...
I doubted.
I doubted.
What?
I doubted it.
You doubt what?
But she listens online.
How do you know?
Are you some kind of a doubting Thomas's address?
That's what I am a skeptic.
Yeah, George's real name is Tom.
Doubting Thomas.
Whatever you say, he don't buy it.
No worry.
From it, it's afternoon at 560 W.C.
It's our fourth day with the calls.
I think we've got it linked now, man.
And of course, if you have your flavor saver,
you can look it all day long.
That's for real slabs, you know.
People don't want to take a nap in a while
and wipe off their mouth after they have like a big sloppy meal or something
or something, whatever being a stop.
You know.
Yeah.
Wipe off your push, okay?
Jesus Christ.
I always did.
Flavor saver.
Oh.
God.
Who's gonna give Ricky a blow?
I know what it's like to stumble.
I know what it means to get knocked down.
But I'd never stay down.
I never will.
That's the spirit, you really.
You're the spirit.
I'm okay, you're all the way to the present.
The future.
I remember back in the outflank the days.
Oh, and just for you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you.
That's the spirit, but it was going right on.
After all, I was the penguin.
Let me tell you something.
When it comes to finishing the fight,
Rocky and I have a lot in common.
Don't let that idiot body in.
You stick with me.
I never quit.
I never get up.
And I know that we're going to make it together.
That's the spirit, kid.
We're going to climb that mountain.
You got to keep fighting this.
You can't let him get you down the chair.
They have every old man you ever viewed.
You know what?
Which people God bless us?
Don't give up now, Shri.
You want to be blessed like a man?
Oh, you've got to act like a man.
Son, drink your eggs.
Drink your eggs, boy.
New Year's Quats.
You can't do your squats, Shri.
You had me, girls.
To whatever you are.
I think you're the best dish.
I don't know what you got in there.
Not my business.
You will attack him on.
And totally obliterate them.
That's right, Shri.
Don't give up.
Give it.
Take the chicken.
Take the chicken.
You will take the chicken.
See?
And you'll be fine with the champ.
You're going to be the president.
You're going to be the president.
That's it.
So we'll reach out to the chicken.
It's 2018 at 560 WDQ.
And we got the jerk show coming up into a clock.
Any interest?
No.
Okay.
I noticed Jolly Joe had a few interesting comments
to make about that this morning.
But we won't talk about it on the year.
What?
560-560 on the Verizon singular world.
How did you think that meeting was this morning?
Our sales meet.
I think it went about 35 minutes.
I'm not asking that.
Do you think there was any way productive
or was it just a dog and pony show?
Mostly that.
I think they feel a little bit better.
No.
About what?
About themselves?
No, seriously.
They feel better about what?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'm moving in some kind of direction.
I don't know.
It wasn't a whole lot of time.
I didn't understand.
I should have had an interpreter.
Chris Jones was speaking at Drawles.
That he speaks, you know, at Drawles.
I could have interpreted it for you.
Could you?
Drawles.
Well, that's right.
You got that house North Carolina.
That's right.
Nothing can be so.
I don't, I don't cotton to his,
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was
I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was, I was
He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say
a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say a word. He didn't say the word. He didn't say the word. Please come to the other side too. Please come to the other side too. No, please come to the other side too. If this was the epidynamic root, it was not cure. It was worrying. It was
Damn straight my right. Yeah, it's a good deal you bet
This is good have enough money left over maybe
You know it just aside they don't know what was good the rice really is a spicy you had a lot of flavor to yourself
No, you so what?
That it you a.m. Hello
Are you come from the bird bath or what what was that sound?
That's a little noise in effect down time about that you're doing yeah, okay
Everybody Q a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. How's it going today? Okay, sir
Good, you know, I don't listen to me the talking heads
But when what the Pauling and mix me absolutely gag is yes these guys given large ass limbaugh credit
Mm-hmm for moving all these numbers over to Hillary in India. Yes
Oh, this guy never sound there were a few Republicans have ordered for it because he was you know
Harp it on that crack well the shame that the people are so swayed by this large
After they can't think of what's right for the country and their dull concerned about themselves
That's all I know is what's right the country far right
A little meal. Okay, good luck. Thank you. Don't worry about large ass. He's popping
Maybe he'll pop some words before the week is over
Let me be fresh this baby and see how we're doing
Nine all we got left for the certificates is yeah, wow
Is he still around by the way because he keeps leaving and coming back creepers?
He's still there what I think he's working weekends only oh
God get rid of him already. We didn't know wonder we had a bad book. He's like a bad penny man. He's bad luck
Yeah, but it's fun when he works with a beast on the air
Why is that they hate each other they hate each other and they just like yell each other. Oh, they really do. Oh, yeah, it does
I never knew that was funny is they both kind of like you know have the same type of a personality
But they just hate the differences we like the beast I
Do anyway
And I'm looking on the schedule beast is on Sunday 11 to two three hours and if you look from 12 o'clock is this producer?
No, it doesn't know it
Look at that
Curtis is on 9 to 11 Sunday beast is producing that and the beast is on love and a two and Greg produces that
There's no Robert Creeper. No, I think
A
Beasts is probably doing updates and then Greg is probably doing updates on beasts on the air thinking oh wait a minute
Creeper there you go on send the right hand column excuse me. I can't follow this
Creeper is on noon to six so he'll be on there with the beast and be ripping each other and ask good
That might be entertaining I doubt it, but it might just be
Now why did they hate each other I don't know
George must know no, I don't I
Never knew that I mean what would be the reason for that he sounds like a good
Grinched somewhere somewhere
I mean I'm gonna be like that. Yeah, and then plus a illiterate
Yeah, I
WDQ way who I am hello
WDQ way in hello
Neil God yes, sir
Who's the saleshold at toll can't Tino Laredo? I don't know
Leave it to the crack staff at WQ a.m. Sales staff
You can't email Rado's also a Paulie's today
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 and they've arrived in Singapore right this night
I have no idea what he's talking about and I couldn't care less right
Like I said, that's probably that's part of the new deal, you know, and every one of them is gonna get the same treatment as that one
Paulie who else Paulie oh
Cassie Elvis is talking about oh
Paulie will Paulie wants to see him no more
Well you talk about a guy who legend in his own mind
Oh
Paulie wants to see him no more. Oh, that was Tessia, wasn't it?
Now even you know that's Paulie wants to see him no more. I meant
Well, yeah, well, that was a sound. He's got care of it. The future is a sound man
We only got nine certificates left for canteen Laredo
And it's still mine. You let me know when it starts with Lynn down, okay? Well good with her down
Would have done until we get the flavor saver gone
Yeah, that looks like crap, okay?
All you guys out there because somebody some movie star or some somebody on TV for this really was neat and cool and look
It looks like crap
It looks like you're razor blade broken in the middle of a shave or something look like garbage
Unclean unclean you
You know what I like I like squeaky clean you know I mean squeaky clean
No, be your no schmutz no like another that to the survey the girls like that, too
What squeaky clean? That's right. Well good. It's good
Clean it off
Get named the best tower
5.60 QAM the force later and hold it
You want to be me clowns? Yes jacks. Oh, sit down in that chair. Oh sit down
In that chair
Well, strings check this out
Wow book wow, baby. They're a rocky heart. I have a tear of my nylon. Am I not wicked sexy?
I'm not gonna do that for a thing but a wig might help
Why you doing this to me panty boy
You were on another show talking on the air about subjects unrelated to sports subjects such as do we do we women
You agree to it hearing to our strict demands of sports gain us
We'll continue to do so
Hey
We said that there is a remember what psychotic sports calls always say
Bring out the game
Is and bring out the best boy?
21 and 5.60 that clearance man what a girl
So how are we doing on the thing that we say at 9.6?
Only 6 left, but if we can sell out 100 before 1 o'clock
I'm gonna like roll around on the floor and make guttable sounds for now again
Hey, oh, so the guy that called before and I forgot all about it
I should have checked that out right away. He was right. Any Arles dead. Oh any
I'll die. Oh my god
Whose mellow baritone songs like make the world go away made of one of the most successful country singers in history
Ask me a singer died this morning just day short of his 90th birthday. That's bad
Wouldn't you think that when you get to be close to 90 that's like a landmark and you'd like to at least live long enough for that
Like my mother she made it to 91 and she cropped out her 91st birthday
Yeah, just to prove to me that 90 was not enough, you know
Just to be a well pain in the ass
She died by the way in July 5th
Was it three years ago or four? I don't know
Oh, I don't want to hear that he was on our CA records by this is my favorite song of all time
Arnold died in a care facility in your Nashville, so you've done acoustic
Relation to Fred Cusin professor of Belmont University author the biography Eddie Arnold. I'll hold you to my heart
His wife in 66 years Sally had died in March and in the same month Arnold fell outside his home engineering and his hip not a good move Eddie
Eddie Arnold the famous
You know they just don't make yoga sounds
It's much of a unique job
The kind that or
I'm gonna hear that song in my life. When is have a call stories?
No, what do I fear with these that the play that's what I see first never heard is you don't you have make the world?
Come on, I don't that's his signature song. You don't have
Make the world go away. I go and I'll go get it
Arles Verkles on songs like the 1965
I think the world will wait one of his many number one countries
And it's hot 10 in the pop charts. Will you shut that off Jesus?
Made him one of the most successful country singers in history
Folks he yet sophisticated him pioneer of the Nashville sound also called country paladin a
Mixer of country and pop styles outside metro sexual just under stupid expression. No, it means nothing
Metro sexual my ass
His crossover success paved the way for later singers such as Kenny Rogers and Neil
Feel good Rogers
F. Mayor singer man Eddie Arnold. I sing a little country. I sing a little pop and I sing a little folk and it all goes together
We said 19th of the song you got by Eddie Arle where you just played. I'm gonna go get make the world go away
Make the world go away for the initiative make that song go away, please
He was elected to the country music Hall of Fame in 1966 the following year
He was the first person received the entertainer of the award from the country music association
The reference book top country singles
1944 to 93 by Joel Whitburn ranked Eddie Arnold the number one country terms a singer in terms of overall success on the Billboard
Call country charts it lists his first number one hit as it's a sin
1947 and the following year ranks as bokeh versus as the biggest head of the entire year
Wow, so bokeh versus canus smell it mm-hmm
Other hits included cattle call the last word in all some of me anytime
bokeh versus what's he doing in my world? I want to go with you somebody like me lonely again and turn the world around turn it around and let me see it
Most of his hits were done in association with fame guitarist Chad Atkins the producer. I'm most of the recording sessions
The late Donna Shore that's a Fanny Rose Shore. She was Jewish and she was really embarrassed when people found out about him. This is your life
Because she wanted to come across like Christian's you know like a real Southern Bel Yehu, you know
Yeah, a real name was Fanny Rose Shore. Oh my god. She was just mortified mortified
The late Donna Shore once described his voices like warm butter and syruping poured over wonderful buttermilk pancakes
Wow
Reflecting on his career. He said he never copied anyone. I really had an idea about how I wanted to sing from the very beginning he said
He be vitalizes career in 1960s by adding strings a controversial move for country artists back then strings
He puts strings on his thing
I got to thinking if I just took the same kind of songs. I've been singing added violins to them
I have a new sound they cussed me but the this jockey's grabbed it the artist began to say oh he's left us then within a year they were doing it
They were playing violins
Arnold was born May 15 19 18 and a farm near Henderson Tennessee son of a sharecropper crapper
Early in his career his manager was about you never knew this
Colonel Tom Parker they became Elvis's manager. I had no idea like that
His image was always that of a modest clean cut country boy, which means he was doing a lot of screwing
You can't say that for all the people he once said they have an image of me some people think I'm Billy Graham's have brother
But I'm not I want people to get this hero thing off their mind and just let me be me his survivors include a son in dog
Let me be me baby let it be me. Remember that let it be me had song very morbid
Then last the day who did that let it be me. I found you all go find out you don't ever let it be me. No
Oh, maybe if I heard it
Come on are you crazy enough for your sake?
Let it be me come on you know who did that do I have to read bend down to get the book? I don't want to bend down
Toronto could be a dangerous move
You got it
Betty Everett and Jerry Cruddle
Doodle
Very popular
cover version that's like you know 100 years later
I know the song I've been to ever leave others here again
There you go of course on cadence records band you know who else was on cadence records
Andy Williams by the way yes of course I know the song
Yes, and you know who else Roger Williams and Jane Morgan
There's only one
My weight is
I was only one
Certificate left from Kentie, where right now I love the Everly Brothers man. I would like to have been a part of that sandwich
Right between Don and Phil first. I'll take a pill and then I'll squeeze between Don and Phil boy. They sure were pretty those two boys
The Everly Brothers
They looked a little bit. Yeah, they weren't though
I don't want you to get nervous. It's not like a Raymond Boothing where people are gonna get their bubble burst
Oh, not the Everly Brothers not them too earth or any street people of
Just enough to keep the population going. That's all we need
That's as many street people as we need just enough to keep reproducing and can we already we you know
We need zero population growth anyway, right?
Right
Best really needed
Force sterilization. That's the only hope for the future of the human race
And we start writing my building by the way with all these ragheads. Oh, we're sold out not official
And this is correct. No, I don't officially sold out in 30 seven minutes or something like that
Now that you know you might think that's not all that great, but it's in
100 certificates
You know I'm saying yep
That is a real watermark a watershed mark for us on the show if you ask me
I feel like I really accomplished something here today solid solid is rock solid is the big old saying
Go away
He's dead
Eddie Arnold
What he could pound out a quarter ounce of sound baby. He was really something
He was like come see come side. I mean no like vanilla ice cream like always happy you're computing like that
Not good that bad just
And like like a 60 cycle tone, you know
Like Sandy Payton play
Like that like how calls on with the ocean
I did like that. That was a big world of fire. It's almost like hearing a harmonica it's again
Make so any aren't I go with being him confused with Nelson Eddie who I'm sure as long since dead
You know all of Eddie guys now wasn't any Arnold on green acres or am I not confusing him with somebody else?
Oh, no, that wasn't him that was uh, who was that at the Albert at the Albert
See there's Nelson Eddie Eddie Albert Eddie Arnold. Oh my god. Yeah, and don't forget Eddie
All right
And then for it's later
that
Oh, see, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what
what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what identify parents
I'm so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
So so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so so
Flap your arm and see if it works. Airplane food for I got air sick too.
Air sick too.
Air sick too.
Bad ticket counter service to the accommodation sucked one and no one for the in flight will be your like I want none.
Oh there's the oh this must be the ab rocket in commercial or something.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
The blast away the calories meal plan.
Of course there's so much that.
uv it's too many which have given Day used free.
Surprise also gave way to Day used free.
What did I think of, actually, that to give Way MC transactions.
great rejoicing that it's going to use normal and green weight womant but
well we did it that's for free.
Then we did it that's for free.
Then we did it that's for free.
I think of this course.
Not so deserves to offer it.
Slamming news here.
Curry relay.
Curry relay.
Nobody else is stealing a lot of material from the WDQYM.
Hey, how's it going?
OK.
I heard some yesterday that made my head spin.
I guess that the AR had it where they rich people like billionaires were paying a whole ton
of tax money.
And the Reaganist guns came in and lowered that.
No, Reagan started the trickle-down thing.
And it started trickling down people's legs, right?
Right.
And now, when I heard, I don't know if it's right, the billionaires and stuff were only paying
like 15% whereas we pay like 33%, 25%.
Yeah.
What's up with that?
What do you mean what's up with that?
The Republicans are the party of big business, man.
That's what's all I know.
I've been, but I mean, a lot of the more middle-class people, work-class people than
our billionaires are talking about-
Well, that's why you have to say goodbye to the Nazis, man.
It's very simple.
I don't make a big good sentence about it.
OK, it's real simple.
And of course, they keep talking about, well, tax cuts, tax cuts, and the average people
think they're talking about tax cuts for them and of course they're not.
Tax cuts for the rich.
That's what McCain likes now too, all of a sudden.
And you want to know why?
Because his wife is loaded.
He won't tell us how much money she's worth.
Because he lies a lot.
It's too embarrassing.
Don't they?
What's he got?
That she, you know, who with all that money?
I mean, she's, you know, kind of a washed out blonde bitch, but nevertheless.
How do you like that broad the other day, or called in, or was it a woman or a guy?
Was a guy.
She's not able to take to be the first lady.
What does it take to be the first lady?
A married to the husband?
Yeah, that's probably makes sense.
She doesn't have what it takes.
Although I won't be honest with him.
I'm not that crazy about her.
Yeah, well, that's a lot of him and not her.
Of course, I'm not going to vote for her, but I'm just saying I'm not saying it.
I don't know.
She doesn't really impress me all that much.
Well, that's just because she's a woman.
Yeah, right.
That must be it.
Somebody QAM, hello.
She had punched the one line that wasn't ringing.
That was good.
Somebody QAM, hello.
Hey, good afternoon, D.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I've got a little story.
I've been trying to, I've been wanting to tell you guys for a while.
A few months ago, I was in Volka, and I retail exposed my wife.
And I ran into Howard David.
I went up to him and I said, hey, how you doing?
I'm not a lot of those.
I used to listen to you on 560, and I enjoyed you calling the games, which I did.
You know, I thought he was pretty good on the games.
Yeah, I'm looking at really good.
How do you know with him?
Where have you seen him before?
Well, I see him on the picture on the website.
Oh, I see.
And then I recognize him, but I went up to him and I told him all of that, and he looks at him and he goes,
you probably another trained monkey, aren't you?
And I go, I just pause and I go, what are you talking about?
I'm getting you a compliment, and you're being silly about it.
And he's like, oh, you're a trained monkey, you're probably going to come up here, and you start a class and he walks away.
Take off those checkered pants.
And then the guy, there was a guy next to me, goes, hey, isn't that what you doing?
Do you do a guy?
To bet that story isn't true, you know, if that would be pretty good.
Yeah, it'd be nice if it was.
Well, come on.
Don't pretend it was.
Don't pretend it was.
What was that?
Well, pretend it was.
Yeah, let's press pretend it was a true story.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, mommy.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
That's one of the tell you that I shoved the mask so much.
Good. W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
I think I'm fine.
I think I'm fine.
I think you're fine.
Yes, I was a gentleman called in last week and said that she was not made up to stuff that a first lady was supposed to be made up.
Yeah, well, what does that mean?
What does it mean?
It says, well, you know what?
She was always at the shoulders of Bufferb Pierce when she was in high school, elementary school, junior high school in college, but she kind of gravitated towards educated white people and her own people called her anoreal cookie-backed and they actually, and the end work.
Well, nobody votes for the first lady, sir, whether we like her or don't like her, or nobody cares.
Also, I hope that Obama, if given the opportunity, will live up to his word to eliminate, well, obviously, special intergroups of money, but he will not do that.
And also, one other thing, I have a Carnival Cruise Line stock and they made a billion dollars last year.
Not doing too good this year, but since Ted Erish and his son, Zimiki, has stocked, I mean, the company registered in a foreign country, they should have paid $338 billion in income tax.
They paid zero, sir.
But the whole thing is, Obama is a great tenor, and they ran off with $9 billion to Israel to avoid paying taxes or not just dream man.
No, no, because you didn't have a state tax and they had to pay. That's why, same thing with the Grobby family, they had to sell to Wayne because they had no proper rules or any legality written down, and they had to fight and they had a sister and a brother and a mother they were killing each other.
But, listen anyhow, if it gets given the chance, we know changes needed, deal, but I mean, if it gets...
No, no changes needed. Who changes needed?
No changes needed. But if you would have kept this pie whole shut, he would have been, he would be not just big hoopla over him.
He would have been the vice president and people would have seen it as a human being, and then he would have been president for eight years, said if everybody was infotting, okay? Thank you, sir.
Do you have any idea what he just said? No.
Get his name. The best talent.
He is the new Roger. He is the fourth radio five sixty-nine.
He's the highest-high-hole shut man.
Boy, it's the one to two hour.
I'm the president. We will attack Iran, and I want them to understand that.
We would be able to totally obliterate them.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
Iran.
not only Twilight time but what about what about
That I would have it. Twilight's only that's why I'm talking about the planners. I'll go get it
How about you guys smoke it's in your eyes though and my prayer my prayer remember that?
Tony Williams in the plan is man. He had a great voice. He was good. He's dead
What is that smoke gets in your eyes? It does
Okay, that's an eye with two days plus the city of North Korea
With two days but the city of North Carolina Indian and under us getting Barack Obama a needed shot of a dreamland experts and observers are coming to the realization that Hillary Clinton cannot win the
Democratic presidential nomination cannot win it. He's done
He's finished bye-bye honey
The Hillary death watch maintained by online magazine slated as plummeted in the last two days now down to 2.5%
Down 10 points from Monday
Online speculated similarly see the former first lady is a bad investment
Investors betting on the Democratic victory with the
Intrate political prediction markets give Clinton a less than 9% chance of winning down from around 25% that 84 this week's primaries
With perceptions illiterifying that Obama will be the Democratic Party's nominee November the question seems now whether Clinton will exit the race
But when?
Right time magazine's current to multi cleanse campaign is still following to fight on and she's scheduled campaign stops in three upcoming
Primary states today. However the vigorous optimism that a company cleanse campaign even after setbacks early in the primary season seems to have
deflated
In a fundraising email to support his wins tonight Clinton struck a defiant tone to shoot peel for contributions that would allow her campaign to continue
Here's why was the subject line of the email on which Clinton renounced her
We referenced her personal determination to keep forging forward
Because she's a hard-ass bitch. That's why he just won't throw the tower
You know when it's over it's over like I've told him before when they got right. Yeah, it's hope the chances gone
It's gone just like those certificates are gone. We did a good job today. Isn't it?
He proud I'm very proud like a peacock proud of the few the gate the ugly 2 a.m. Hello
I knew what's up. I was I was a pothead that called in last week and I was just wondering where you get your bud from because you
Want to smoke some good stuff that you want you and make here having big nose breathing all the white man there
Boone to be our next president
That was real clever when
His boyfriend sitting there in the back with his finger up his buddy. Yeah, tickle his funny boat. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 probably talking bad about bad boot again. That's not good
What happened to Debbie Boone boy talk about a flash in the pan you
Might never share that one song right everybody hated it by the way you light up my life
And then she vanished. I mean just as well. Well, don't tell me you got it. I got it all baby. If I don't got it, I'll get it
Debbie Boone
She had some cans
You see really good. He had something
Yeah
That's right. I forgot about that. We already know what he had like a nob
Okay, it's enough. It's a depressing song. Let me Q a.m. Hello. Hi daddy Q a.m. Hello
I work for brimley and I got tired beaten. I'm gonna Q a.m. Hello. Hi, ground
Q a.m. Hello
Hello. Yes
Yes
I'm pretty near. I'm gonna get you a walk through it back. Well, sir. What is it? Yeah, I
75 and it's like a parking lot. Yeah
Yes
Sorry, you know, I was a potential Florida and then I was blessed enough to be able to buy a little place up in Michigan
And it will have been able to get you that much on the radio
But I'm telling you the last two days that I've been listening to you know it's been brutal with those colors brutal
Right and I feel sensational man
I feel sorry for it. What you know?
I feel sorry for me for what? Nothing. There's nothing to laugh in
So I thought all of the shopping centers and condos and South American people
I mean it's gonna be it's amazing. I
75 got your sights on the
Well, let the insolentie pound go back to insolentie you lost
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 90
So you know, I was all these negative people
sour people
Sure, we don't have those sour people come by a ghostry next to them. Oh, yeah, I forgot to mention. Yeah, I'm a Q and website Q and dot com
They actually put the thing up about my appearance all right
Now it doesn't have the time on there because that would be been a little too carried away
Niels return to South Florida. Look at that
South Florida's number one talk host will be making an appearance at all and I was back to some other crap
Let me get back to just click the one I just did that when you were last only thing
I know how to do this Jesus God you get like George more every day
They know some kind of a a
Functional illiterate or so for Christ later all time or so, you know cuz who I work for
Goldstein Park casino on May 17th that Saturday May 17th 3 to 5 p.m
We sign them stupid the picture cards now. What are we doing about the picture cards? What are we getting those cartoon ones?
Right, they're gonna be some nice sizable prints collectible prints. They can frame it put it on their wall. Oh, yeah
Mm-hmm like that guy to call earlier in the show about oh, yeah, wow those pictures will be really great
Well, what's great about it? Okay, if you want it there it is no charge
Maybe if I charge like I'm a much raise
You've got a little 7 intervened lesbian on yet the boyder shooting and the crap going on there
It's the she is in the Sunnis man see the Jews don't have to worry because the Arabs are all busy killing each other now
That's the new deal now of course when the Orthodox Jews start stirring up in Israel in the Holy Land
As your words would say when they start stirring enough
How many QA and hello
QA and
I'm having try to have an opposing conversation with you. I'm not a child from knowledge on you like
QA and hello
Two in yes good morning afternoon
My pimple so beautiful
Oh
What did you do? I am hello
Two a.m. Oh, I
Oh, hey, that's big to me. I'm speaking. Hey, oh, this is John's that first time
Hey, just about a month ago I started watching Keith over a minute on balance show
Yeah, I don't usually watch MSNBC. I was a though. I we've been
Oh
You tell you turn me on to Keith over me. Let me ask you something
Why would you watch below? Why would you for what point now?
Let's become a right-wing lunatic to become a card carrying who stepping Nazi? I mean what would be the point?
Actually, he had me convinced that it was fair and balanced. Yeah
Yes, I'm balanced look in the mirror and you'll see it unbalanced
Fourth leader
You fair when
Tell you if you like your job then you'll give
You tell or I
You're not looking
Till through the pants right off you
And for you an extortionist
All the back there's fair and balanced
But not when he calls at night
He's looking for a lassie who likes it a little
Welcome when bill oh Riley's morning sure it ain't a no spin-doh
So when Bill oh
Riley's
You best not pick up your phone
172 and I can't believe what I found on the floor all right
cans yes
Can't have a long time ago like headphones. Yeah, and I plug them in here and I can go really loud really wow
You can definitely yourself. You hear that?
You hear that? Oh you can't hear it. I can hear it
I mean just absolutely definitely I don't know where I'm from a while that I'm comfortable. I hate I hate headphones
You like them no, I don't they
They hurt your ears up for while exactly
Like they call you know they hear either way like for the really big fat ones will make your ears
No, these are though. These are the ones the wraparound ones you know, but like yeah, they still you know they suck
Yeah, yeah, they do five six seven oh five sixty pound five or two loud Jesus. There's got like a little thing on it
Let me twist my little thing
Oh, yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty any Verizon singular wireless light and their little tinny too
Oh, I'll speak out of that about three or four breaks ago
I forgot to say anything and probably this as well. What was there some drop-out some some spots your plan?
It was that just on our connection. I
Didn't notice anything now
It was turned to do that like that
Nobody Q a.m. Hello
First call on the cans baby. It's a really good one. Oh
Nobody Q a.m. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir?
Every time you mention mornings my mouth waters because they happen iceberg wedge
Let it appetizer. Yeah, but they're homemade a blue cheese dressing
We're not a hand and that's it. I'm gonna have that tonight and the desserts are out of hand too, man
Yeah, okay, buddy. You take care now. See you pal. Yeah, mornings is really good, man. It's great
I'm gonna eat them until there's no more eating to be done. That sounds good that
Not that crazy about salads, but with a blue cheese in it
You know like the big apples of blue cheese. Oh, man, and that's really bad for your cholesterol, too
That's like having a fetish in the alfredo heart attack on a plate. Mm-hmm
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey
WQ a.m. Hello
But my bond to me do shit my neck and beer WQ a.m. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I don't know if you've ever heard about space called the
Ola garden, but it's a fabulous restaurant. Yeah, right. Uh-huh. Sure
WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello. Yeah, listen tough guy. Me and the boy friend are coming down. We yeah tough guy. I mean the boy friend are coming down
We're gonna do each other right there. We're finding everybody a cuffs pain and we're gonna stick our foot up each other's ass
Me and the boy friend
What did we ever do? I'm gonna get rid of these. I can't stand them. There's noise headphones. Yeah, I hate them
Give you a headache. I thought it was an interesting idea and then of course after what we just got on the phone in the last five minutes
Like like some kind of an SNM exercise with me on the
M side
560 at 0560 all I will say this it's almost the end of the show on Thursday is our fourth straight day and we haven't
Had you know any dwee calls we haven't had very many good ones, but never to less
Sure beats we know them bedtime stories pop pop pop pop pop I got a really good one by Norman Solomon
Obama's clarifying win the fly on the wall is the wall, but I'm not gonna read it star Jones blast Walters for comments and a memoir
I'm not gonna read that either Louise Posada Carriere say terror suspected rod enjoys it coming out in Miami
Where they never met a tourist they didn't like unless he was a communist dick. I'm a nice dick. I'm a nice. They're like that
I got a whole bunch of good stuff. Oh, and look at this Mama Mia. It says
It says
Papa John is raking in the door online
Sometimes during peak hours the forms are silent and I'm afraid it's his pizza restaurants yet the cooks are busy keeping pace with hungry customers because the orders are rolling in to the internet
And you like that?
Did you know if you could order a day you can order pizza online? Oh, yeah, I never knew that. Let's go. I don't know a repeat
The nation's third largest pizza delivery chain Papa John's trumpet of the billion dollar milestone Wednesday
They've gone over a billion dollars noting that its US online sales have been growing at average clip of more than 50% a year
In 2001 the chains online sales total 24 point 20 point four million last year approached 400 million and now over a billion
It took us seven years to reach our first billion online sales and our current pace and growth rate will take us less than three years
Hit our next billion to Jim Ensign vice president marketing at Papa John's Papa John's is okay
And ever so afraid to animate it's not great
But then again what delivery pizza is great
Right can you name me one?
Nope
Baviti Qa and hello
Maybe florist. I'm under florist delivers. I think pizza lots of livers
They do I think they do pizza trough
How's he doing by the way? How come his name didn't come up on that to sales meeting this morning? That's a good question
Well, you know, they want a part of anybody that likes me, you know
How many Qa and hello
I'm a Democrat myself and I really don't like Republicans at all, but for some reason I just really really come on
You can do it come on you can do it
How many Qa and hello
Yeah, as a serious question
We never think because I'm really worried about diabetes in my family
And I know you speak about eating a lot and I know you have diabetes and I
But I don't get away and I'm just
curious as to what you if you ever spend or I know you're a little ahead on the heavy side now, but I'm just wondering
Hey, why you were when you were younger?
We then and then I was feeling that by the way this guy's boring himself
But you know something that was a story I heard the other day
About fat cells. Did you read this or hear it about what and that is the fat cells that are in your body when you're young
They never go away even if you lose weight right until they just shrink
And that's why it's so difficult to lose the weight and keep it off right what you think that cells are always in there once they're gone
It's not good. So you people out there that are allowing your kids to be fat
You want to be shot?
Oh, here the signs are coming to take me away now
And as soon as I said that it's tough. I bet you they're listening
You think maybe you're listening to the pot the odd cast
Isn't that what you told the guy the other day listen to the odd cast that's it doesn't get any order
264 and we did what originally 1200
12 or over 1500 a day mister that is no small feet
I've seen some small feet in my time, but that ain't no small feet
1500 I'm the show where we used to have this gigantic humongous audience and we used to be able to say
That and play this and like that
I love the guy to call in early in the show. Oh, are you being censored?
No
No, I just got tired of being potty mouth and playing the funny entertaining stuff
Are you being censored?
How do you Q a m? Hello
Wtc. I am hello. Yeah, yes sir. How you doing? Okay, I was watching the
I could hear you and I had to practice for a long time. Is Hank drunk on the air? No
He's not no
I want to Kentucky Derby. I didn't see Hank on the air. I mean yes, yeah before then oh, I didn't see it
The answer is no call him up and take some shots at him. Okay next time he comes on radio
Don't waste your time with me. Probably knocking my friend the humongous
Jackass
No, it's fat. Okay, he's just fat and the diabetic and when you're fat and
And you're not doing anything about it. You don't have a lot of energy and you're like
Like when they put Hank on in the morning. That was a really smart move. Nice going guys. That was brilliant
Were there any doubts about that that that was going to go over like a pregnant pole vault or in a hot July day at the equator? No
Even you guys knew it
You was doomed to do some people are morning people and some people are not and guess what most of us fat people aren't really morning people
Unlike George who gets our rules out of bed and got tons of energy in the morning. I do not
Great coffee in a shower for what coffee in a shower
Coffee. Oh, yeah tons of it. Yeah, it makes me it makes me just
Sport my brains out. Yeah, me too. A wild diarrhea
From coffee. It's that caffeine man
You know the sirens
They're gonna escort me to woodbind
Fourth leader
You
Welcome back to the retake of the moh how would it be?
With none I heard that my rose hated colleague to go to do you guilty? Hi
I'd like to thank everyone for the mess of letter writing campaign to get me back on the air
You know
Can't you say I'm talking over here?
Ah
We're really not out of here. What about the letter writing campaign? I mean, it will let us buy the thousands
I told you not to use the same retina tracks. Why didn't you use mine? Yeah, but they returned them all to me
You're right and that jack guy is still on the air
He had scundered my dick and he never got raped
That's right
Uh
I feel down, I feel down, I feel down, I feel down.
I require you to take off those dinks to pay.
I'll wait a minute.
Okay.
Now bend over.
Yeah, who the hell?
I said bend over.
The thief.
The thief.
The thief.
The thief.
The thief.
Now I just found a really interesting article I could, if I started off, I could read to him
did not.
Okay.
I'm not going to read it.
The deep blue greed, the irrescent claim built carnival into a money machine by cleverly
avoiding tax laws, my Ted B. Kistle in the New Times from where I thirth 2000.
I'm going to put it in my, at the bottom of my pile, something when things are slow, you
know.
Weed that article and ripped the irrescent family be asked to be so rich and deserved.
Hey Mickey, how's it eat to us?
You idiot.
But of course to show you, man, if you have a lot of money, a lot of political contacts,
they'll do whatever they they he's something to make you there in the county.
Number was me or a peenia pecania that made that back door deal.
That's right.
Your boy, my boy, five six out of just a joke, we were like 20 or 15 or five six, he's just
like Mickey irrescent, one of my people.
So there you go.
One of the short, not bad.
I got to order to all of them.
W. K. Way and hello.
Yeah, I got your pizza for Leo.
Yeah, great.
Fine, maybe they'll bring pizza by it to the Gulf Stream.
Okay.
And that would be bad.
Don't be bringing no carbohydrates by there when I'm there.
Now we're all going to get to eat.
Yeah.
We are.
Sure.
We got some extra.
Whatever you want.
Because I'm planning on bringing by, I don't know, a few people.
Sure.
Five six seven, oh five sixty.
Let's not let this phone thing die here with like 27 minutes to go.
That would be really bad.
I thought we had a maiden of shade here today.
I was like touting four days in a row with heavy duty phone activity.
I mean, I'm sure he out the table comes soon.
Like maybe this half hour.
It's just like Peter out.
Doesn't that always happen?
Always.
After they clamor for the phone.
Oh, we want the colors.
We want the funny colors.
We want the crazy people.
Yeah, like that.
And then of course I've taken for a couple of days and then that's the end of that.
Wtcway and hello.
I'm going to kick Janero but not Janero.
QA and hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
Okay.
I heard you have to have my eating on the wooden steakhouse.
Yeah.
Are you aware that there's a Dan Marino steakhouse?
Do you have a side that?
At the?
There's a Dan Marino steakhouse in Toronto?
Yes, sir.
No, there's not.
I was a security officer.
I have all suggestions.
Now let me answer this.
Why would there be a Dan Marino steakhouse in Toronto?
Well, I know that he's trying to be like a blanksman but why?
I know he's got some out and they get some out of places and I was curious about Toronto.
Were you?
Why were you curious about it?
Because curiosity killed the cat, sir.
Curiosity killed the cat.
And if we're lucky, maybe it'll work for you too.
That sounded like the Accordershlawcock.
I could be wrong about that.
I was sure positive.
Got a very, very annoying voice.
How many QA&A?
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
I want to pay a half to the American people.
How could you vote for a guy named Obama?
How many QA&A?
You're near, please.
Because we got to kill the cat.
Yeah.
I got two pictures you want them to have in, Chobby's on them.
I can't help that.
How many QA&A?
Hello.
Mr. Rogers.
Yes, sir.
A quick question regarding the Track to Two Frequent Woodbine.
Down here, horses coming first and second, the bed is a perfector, exactor.
Up there, it's exact hordes and triacers for the triple.
Is there any, is that just any way of naming it?
It just want to be different?
No, it's a communist plot.
No, I'm serious.
I'm serious.
No, let me mean you're serious.
What does that mean?
You're serious.
It's a Canadian thing.
That's all.
That's a Canadian thing.
Okay.
That's all what?
I just never heard that other than anyone.
Exactly.
And triactor.
Yeah, it's really Kinnucky.
Okay.
Thank you.
Okay.
He was serious.
That's the scary part of it.
Yeah.
Like, words, it's a British thing is what it is.
We're going to, how?
There's a minute things I can write about like labor, L-A-D-O-U-R.
Sure.
It's that British insulin, it's okay.
It's the Queen.
Oh, God.
It's the influence of the Queen.
Oh, God.
And that's why there's still that kind of British stodgy.
It's a holdover.
It's a hangover.
From the days when Canada was part of the British Empire, when they still got that freaking queen on the $20 bill at bitch.
That pasty-faced bitch with a silly little purse that she carried.
My God, what's wrong with you British people?
Are you crazy or what?
Absolutely.
God.
Exactly.
And triactor.
I got you a triactor over here, sir.
Maybe this afternoon I'll find you a good machine.
That's all I care about.
I don't care about that much.
The pony's running around.
I never did get to that thing about PETA and how they're all whipped up because the fully died.
You know, I had to be destroyed after the Derby.
PETA.
I think what they ought to do is like ban cars, too, because people go out there and crash them up and get killed in them.
Well, they run over animals, too.
Yeah, that's right.
I never thought about that.
All the time.
PETA, people get busy, man.
Get busy.
Get those cars, man, because there are dogs get run over and cats and moose and elk and armadillos and little creepy critters.
Everybody, QA, I'm hello.
Yeah, you know today.
Okay, sir.
I'll just call back because I know George probably forgot to tell you there's no one called in and asked me to thank you for my anniversary pie from the pizza lot.
So thanks a lot for the pie, pal.
A lot of pizza stuff going on here.
What was he talking about, man?
Oh, great.
Remember when when Jeff came in, he gave away a whole bunch of pizzas.
It was their anniversary thing and that guy actually called and thanked us.
Well, wasn't that nice over his pizza pie?
Well, you didn't have to do it again, though.
How many QA and hello?
Not there on nine.
That's too bad.
Because I never give that number out.
We'd be getting calls from all over the world if I get.
Remember in the beginning?
Was it here?
Was it IOD?
When we had that out of town line, you know?
No, it was here, I believe.
And we started getting calls from all kinds of places and then they cut that off.
Like me, York and Chicago and places where people were listening online.
And then they chopped that off so it just became a Florida line.
Because it was costing them too much.
That's right.
We don't want to do anything to cost us money.
I would take that right now.
That was our, that was the bottom line of our sales get together this morning with Jolly Jorbell and Chris Amayaahu Jones, our sales manager.
It's going to cost us money.
We don't want to know from it.
We don't want to know part of it.
It was going to make us some money.
Isn't that what you said?
Look how this shenanigans can we get you guys into?
They try to like, you know, siphon out some, a few bucks on the side.
That's exactly right.
Just like when they had that auction thing.
Remember that Beesley auction thing on a website?
Oh, and it's another new revenue stream for the Bees ladies.
Yeah, I got a stream.
In fact, I'm doing it in the golf club right now.
That's what's doing it, man.
The best talent for the team in the line is 3.0.
I'm going to do my 6.0 AM.
I'm being 4th leader.
Holy macken on!
This is Jorbell and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God!
To the HDD Ladies Strip Joyce.
Approved by Joyce.
Third sounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Online gambling scams.
Approved by Joyce.
Word containing the word bag.
Rejected by Joyce.
Direct dial dysfunction spots.
Resoundingly approved by Joyce.
To the sounds resembling Fartsounds.
Rejected by Joyce.
Blatin's Fort
Related Faggery.
Rejected by Joyce.
Okay, 144.
60.
And 5.60.
We've got the Jerf Show coming up into a clock.
Beware!
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Oh, look at that phone, dead.
You don't believe that?
I believe it.
Sure, I'd buy 4kage to be got to the last quarter hour and they ran out of mustard.
5.670560.
Come on, you folks can do it.
If we have anybody a day who called and had anything to say or not, maybe 1 or 2.
You think?
Maybe.
I don't remember what they were, but maybe 1 or 2.
And pound 560 on the Verizon Singular wireless line.
I'm not just happy with that story about the 10th-Eerson.
Taking all that money away is really.
And about how they made all that money based on a fine creative way to avoid paying taxes.
Stuff like that.
We're a classy family, if ever there was one.
Nobody can do away in, hello.
I'm Daniel.
Yes, sir.
Hey, you know how you just like that rejected by Joyce's bit?
Yeah.
You know how you used to be able to do all your drops and stuff like that?
Well, you know, like some bastard man is going to be the burp in the part-down.
Yeah.
Just do, can you just do a part-down, you know, a voice that says part-down here and then throw that in when you wanted to do the part-down?
You're winning?
Just the voice says part-down.
When you know.
Yeah, sure, huh?
Woo!
Woo!
I'm sure learning about about the radio business, you know?
Yeah.
You know what?
I learned the most.
Stay out of it.
And that's what we're doing.
We aren't even close to it.
We're not even related to it.
How's Todd Dreck doing, by the way?
He's still alive.
Next time you seem it always.
Step on him.
Step on him for me.
And that PD Lenny.
Now, did you get him straight out on that copy thing?
Right.
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
If he wants me to do that spot, he's going to have to give it to you.
And you can fax it to me.
And I will record it before the short amount of ordinary human beings do.
I can't open that thing that he sent me.
I can't do it.
I'm not computer.
It won't do it because of you when you're alive.
I don't want it.
But it takes something very simple and make it complicated.
That's PD Lenny for you.
And if he does come by a girl stream, that's the last appearance I'm doing for 50 years.
How many QAAMs, hello?
How are you doing, bud?
Okay, sir.
Hey, I heard you talking about it.
You may talk about that PETA story concerning the horse and the Kentucky Derby and all that, John.
Yeah.
Don't even worry about it because Foody reported that days ago.
Yeah.
Everyone's already got the gist on that story.
Okay, great.
I'm real excited about that.
Foody had it on.
Woo!
He's on top of the good stuff, man.
That's Foody.
Well, see, here's the fact that says,
Greeny's deal, George and Chris, after watching MSNBC's coverage last night,
it was confirmed for me.
And as if there was ever any doubt, he's pundits and experts in the political media.
I was just making all of their bull crap up as they go along, just improvising right there
on the year, and not very well with that.
For the preceding week, we were still leading up to yesterday.
All the talk was about how she had all the momentum, and he was really stung by the govern right bull crap.
The other thing that's so stupid and annoying is how at the beginning they show at the bottom the screen,
zero percenting with her winning a DNA 66 to 33, what's the point of that?
Well, because they want to show you a number, that's all.
It's better to lay count the Indiana, I'll tell you that.
And that illiterate mayor they got there, Mike, in Gary, Jesus.
Then they go through the well-extraordinary cover we might change that too close to color as a difference.
And it goes on and what and what and what.
Here's another one that says, I love Obama, I'm waiting for John I would say it off his ass and offer his support for him.
They should be offered the V-
Oh my God!
He should be offered the Vice Presidential Spot.
I know I'm dreaming since Least and for a lot of people, I'm a girl, can hope.
Oh God, he should have a great job there for John Kerry, not...
Now his whole campaign, other than being this, you know, every man's people, he's got like the Lou Bavs of politics.
He's the middle class populist A-hole with a slick hair.
And the racial offer running was his wife has cancer, you know.
Was that it?
Yep.
It was supposed to feel really bad about that and therefore for John Edwards.
And not too many people did.
Make him the VP.
Oh, please the Democrats already have enough of a death wish without putting a loser like him on there.
He didn't even help Kerry, they didn't even come close in North Carolina.
Nothing will be finer than to keep him out of North Carolina.
How many QYM, hello?
The Neil.
Yes.
Yes.
What is the second place horse get through as the Perk's money?
He ran that horse right into the ground to he died.
What are you talking about?
Are you an Indian or what?
Neil.
Are you some kind of a civil general?
Who is the Jackie?
The horse were injured after the race was over.
Okay, schmuck.
The horse got suffered the injury after the race was over.
Puts more on Indian.
You old turd.
You are what's wrong with South Florida sir.
You and everybody like you who sounds like you who smells like you, who talks like you.
You are the enemy of mankind.
You know what I'm saying?
Who is the Jackie?
Look it up.
Okay.
Look it up.
Like Larry would say.
Look it up in the book.
And now what Larry would say?
Yes.
Besides Lonely Fist of Eden.
Who's the QYM, hello?
Neil, that horse that's conducted every horse.
That would taste really good on Peter.
That would be QYM, hello.
Yes.
Hey, how you doing?
Let me try my radio.
Okay.
I had it Neil.
I'm out of here.
Six to eight months.
I don't know if you have to most pull already, but I like to do.
Suggest a pull slash survey.
Ask something in the neighborhood of like, if money was no object, where would you move to except Florida?
Mm-hmm.
And what, you got other people's opinion?
Yeah, it's where you should go.
Oh, you know, I kind of have an idea.
I just want to see.
What's your idea?
Where are you going?
I want to go to rural America.
I mean, out in the middle of Boombox, middle of Mountain Summer, like George, and just, you know, do my own thing.
Right.
For my next seven miles away.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I've had enough of this big city crap, you know, maybe, I don't know.
Maybe I didn't know, but I had enough.
Okay, well, good luck to you.
Next time George is on call him up, he'll give you directions to where he lives in North Carolina.
I don't know.
Why not?
I don't want no.
Give me a dress out.
I want no.
Give me a dress out.
For Christ's sakes.
One, two, three, four.
You better come up there and hang out with you.
That's right.
Nothing could be finer than a hang with George in North Carolina.
I'm going to be alone in North Carolina.
Oh.
7 o'clock a.m.
Hello.
2 o'clock a.m.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
First off, I want to congratulate you on your new contract.
Oh, yeah.
Then I want to stay.
Did you see McGovern the other day with him?
Yes.
Yes, I did.
I thought he was dead.
He's 98, you're 19, 120 years old.
He's 85.
I said, I'm not a day around 140.
Yes.
What do you mean?
He's 85 years old.
What do you mean?
He's not going to make any political sense of his staffling age, but to watch him on TV.
He made a lot of political sense.
He told her it's all over.
He's moved.
I support him.
I heard it well.
I'm not.
It's time for her to get out.
He made a lot more political sense than what you're saying.
Whatever you're crapping about.
Because he looked old.
He lived in South Florida, sir.
George McGovern, if I got teenager compared to your most of your neighbors.
He looked old.
That's probably what I'm going to give when I show up at Gulf Stream week from Saturday.
Oh, Neil looked so old.
I made my God.
I put on one of those things on the stick, those faces on the stick we used to have.
That's right, those little little maskeys.
Yeah.
I bring one of those.
And I have a little thing on my lip.
What do they call them?
Oh, a flavor saver.
Flavor saver.
I'm a bottom lip.
Or maybe just a chanker instead.
Now, let's see how we did here today on this poll.
We sold our certificates in 38 minutes and 303.
What was the first number, 1208?
1208 in three.
You did over 1,500 votes today, Mr. You, deserve a gigantic pay raise.
All right.
I'm going to get it.
I'm not.
You're going to get it.
4.5.6.2.
I am.
The fourth leader.
It stays high in Miami town.
5.6.0.
WQL.
Joe, three up.
We're ready for the audition.
I'll be done in a minute, Clowns.
Come on.
Clap it!
We're alone yet.
Fight down your mutton head.
No!
Don't fuck around.
Fight like that!
You better learn how to worship the privilege like the rest of us learnings.
Okay.
I'm done.
At least until my next bad day for track.
Attention, ladies.
I asked you all here today to judge our finalists for the 790WQIM auditions.
Will our three finalists come out of the closet, please?
Audition finalist number one.
What is your name and what do you really do?
I am proud.
My name is the fabulous sportsman.
And I do a show.
We got a monster nut.
And I do it very badly.
I got what you call a face foremeal.
And I don't pull on there either.
And I don't pull on there either.
Which is perfect for the way you're understating your guy.
And I have everybody.
Finalist number two.
My name is Ugas Belt.
I used to sell peanuts at Chase Stadium.
Finalist number three.
My name is Laby Bluestein.
And I like college and high school sports.
Because the science you are talking about and cheering for someone's kid I don't personally know.
Because I get moist over young athletes.
That's my like bacon.
Oh, I like you.
You got a great voice.
Do you have any experience in radio?
Well, I really like what a great voice I have when I sang in the show.
My mom will have told me so.
Ladies, we have a winner.
Okay, everybody, all together now.
Sports is the only thing that matters.
Bye, bye, bye.
The biggest name you've come to tell us.
And your home for Miami's open football.
Sports radio, 560 WQAL.
Miami, I'm a little.
I'm a little.
I'm a little.
