New portion of this program will be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
Be the broadcast group incorporated.
The biggest names, the best talent.
And you're home for Miami Dove and the jerk show is back today, okay?
You excited about that or not?
You gonna be listening?
All right, you know it.
I'm back.
Miami, for the lotter day.
Lots of perks for jerks.
Space and stands for nothing.
Absolutely.
Look.
If you add one shot, one opportunity to lose all the weight in game last year, every pound
with one program.
You can capture it.
Or just let your pants rip.
Yo, wrote something sweaty, baked cheeks, punch, charming belly, too tight, and your sweater
already moms beginning.
Your purpose to observe it that you're way too heavy to drop pounds.
Resolving, you won't be beginning when you go down.
My speed can't look down when you open your mouth.
You really must not allow another dog with craftman Donald's burgers now.
You can't run out now for Chinese sake out now.
You're back to reality.
Open your eyes.
You don't need the calories.
No, it's only.
You put that as you know you won't have it.
You know the whole back of the past.
You're doing the right thing back to the side again.
Don't want that.
And open your slings again, then again.
You better lose the weight in the new year.
You know this.
Let your stomach go before it goes.
You better drop it.
Drop another shot.
You know you're a busybody's gun.
More like time.
You better lose the weight in the new year.
The moment you know this.
Let your stomach go before it goes.
You're only getting one shot.
You better drop another shot.
You know you're a busybody's gun.
More like time.
Okay, 10.0.2.5.60.
WDQ. I'm happy.
It wins the two.
It's a big day today.
I think this is a big week.
It's going to be a big week.
We got the ratings tomorrow morning.
And you got your free food coming tomorrow from a high life cafe.
You know it, which is spectacular.
Which show that will be the party.
That will be the celebration for our big gigantic oozing ratings
that we're going to have tomorrow.
Maybe in the last hose.
Let's hope for some bonus money.
Let's waste a cash out of these miserable bastards.
These know nothing best, dardoes, baby.
Yes, so like I said, well, let me just mention this first.
Then we'll get to my two, three hours of bloodletting.
Okay.
Then I'll rip you a bloody ass, Jolly Joe.
Okay, and well deserved.
You and all your cohorts in this horseball company.
I cannot wait.
Believe you me.
I can't wait for that day.
Oh.
Actor Brad Renfrow found dead.
Well, he was an old guy.
It was 25 and had a history of drug abuse.
Brad Renfrow and actor Best Don't For His Rolls in the Movies,
The Client and Ghost World was found dead yesterday,
according to the LAPD.
He was a ripe old 25.
Renfrow's body was found in his wheelchair,
a home in the thousand block of South Ogden,
dry by his girlfriend, authority set.
Renfrow had a history of drug abuse
was declared dead by paramedics at nine o'clock yesterday morning.
The causes of the interview determined,
no suspicion of foul play.
Renfrow and native Tennessee began acting in skits
for the anti-drug group.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
All right.
The anti-drug group dare at his school.
He got a great break by the producers of the Client,
the adaptation of the John Grisham novel,
conducted a national search to find a fresh face
to play the lead of a role of a boy who encounters danger
after he overhears conversation about a murder.
Renfrow appeared opposite Susan Sarandon
and Tommy Lee Jones in that 94 movie.
In 1981, the lead role opposite Ian McKellen,
act pupil.
He had an act pupil.
Two of them.
He appeared as a convenience store perk
with Scarlett Johansson and Steve Buschimi in 2001's Ghost World.
Despite the promising start to his acting career
was known for his legal troubles,
in the late 90s he was arrested for trying to steal a yacht
and Florida.
In December 2005, he was picked up by LAPD
to run under covered drug sweep
with downtown Skid Row.
The LAPD had taken in times before
and photographer long during the sweep
and a photo showing Renfrow being arrested by two officers
was featured on the newspaper's front page.
He told a detective who arrested me
was using heroin and methadone.
Oh well.
He ultimately went in drug rehab
to the guilty to the attempt to possession of heroin
since the three years probation.
And now he's dead!
How do you like that?
Can I be very honest with you about him?
Yeah, I'm fine.
I never heard of him.
Well, you saw that movie.
You hated it.
I saw what movie.
Bullie?
Bullie?
You saw Bullie.
You ripped it.
Bullie?
Yeah.
I did hate it.
Yeah.
So, why did I hate it?
Because it was sad and morose
and just depressing my life.
And apparently you didn't like anybody in there.
All the teenagers were pretty much naked.
You did like any of them including him.
I'm like a lot of those shows on MTV.
I'm noticing now.
Holy.
Oh yeah.
Wow.
What's with these new shows on MTV?
Wow!
Oh my god.
They've been taken away.
I saw some people on there yesterday.
I want to just climb into the TV screen.
Let me in there.
Okay.
Let me take a squeeze of feel of grab.
Wow.
Woo!
Yes, see, I used to knock in TV for not showing videos anymore,
but not that they got these shows on there.
And I really shouldn't have done that anyway,
because that's back when they had real world and real, uh...
Mm-hmm.
What was the other one?
Road, uh...
Road rules.
All these are all these good shows.
All of these things.
Not young naked people.
That anyway, here's the poll for me yesterday.
Let's get off of that real fast before I start thinking about it.
Mm-hmm.
Well, that's a good sign though.
Maybe my life is coming back.
I'm starting to think about things like that.
You know what I mean? Like...
That.
Woo!
Count them off.
How many states including Florida have you been to?
Those are poll questions yesterday.
By the way, don't waste your time calling today.
Notice the line is ringing now.
Don't waste your time because nobody's going to be answering it.
Unless Chris wants to talk to those people.
No, I'm good.
You sure?
Yeah, I'm sure.
Well, they're lonely.
They want to...
I have no life.
Something to talk to.
It's not going to be me.
Call 411.
Yeah, call... call up...
Tutsi over there in IOD.
Call up Tutsi.
I'm sure he could appreciate your call.
Or wait and call later on the jerk show, okay?
Because we don't have too many people inside the building
who want to do these fake scripted calls.
So those calls are scripted?
They tell them to call in and then tell them what to say?
Yes.
That is...
Oh, my God.
You don't have the latest Boko Brian bit?
No.
On the issue?
No, I don't have any.
I...
I...
When he sent it out, it's not here.
Okay, well, it might show up today then.
He might be a day behind.
But I have it.
If you want to play it after the next break, it's funny.
Really?
About what?
Fake phone calls?
Yeah.
They're about to...
You know, it's another show.
I'm so sure how far we've fallen on your regime, Jolly Jo.
Okay, you know nothing about radio.
Nothing about talk radio, certainly.
Nothing about broadcasting.
You're just a jerk.
You're just a big fat backstabbing jerk.
But other than that, have a nice day.
I know nothing.
With a bad tempered too, by the way.
Ah, a jik-a-ba-ba-da-you little bastard.
You bolted an audio tooth.
Is there anybody about your friends?
Man, never, never.
Yeah, we have a crazy person at the home, but nevertheless.
Kind of about how many states including Florida have you been due?
11 to 20.
383.
Well, our audience has sure got around.
Only two to 10, 271.
A lot of numbers on this poll.
I mean, you know, who can keep track?
21 to 30 states, 256.
31 to 40, 163.
41 to 49.
That's me.
126.
I've been around, baby.
I've never left Florida.
14.
How very tragic.
I've never visited the US, 11.
All of them.
I've been to all 50 states, 10.
And I've never been outside the deep south, 7.
That's the poll result.
Well, look at that couple of lines, William.
Boy, I guess they're a little slow on the uptake.
Nobody is going to answer them, OK?
Nobody, although I might just reach up there in the knock-em-off.
I just see the way I did that very skillfully.
Yep.
I just punched them up and punched them out.
When in doubt, punch them out.
You're gone.
You're out.
I'll get into a hole or something to dance about that in a few minutes.
Or if you play that great, why don't you play it now?
I want to make sure I got the right one.
He gave me a whole stack of discs over here because I haven't seen him lately.
He gave you a stack of discs?
Well, he hasn't sent me anything.
Oh, well, no.
This is the backlog.
This is a lot of stuff that you already have except for the one.
Oh, I see.
I think that's what they don't have the one.
Well, I'm sure it's in transit.
I'm sure he's on the track and is tracking his FedEx right now.
Oh, it's downstairs now.
Yeah, just got down, Baldy.
You got your track just shut up.
OK, what do you got?
One more please.
Your call is important to us.
All the way up, here we go.
Long yardage to go and many games away.
Shaq Vator said, Alonzo Luke, I'm your sporthold but baby.
Help!
We're under attack from the anti-sports breeders.
The sport says with you.
You get another sound effect here.
It's my ear.
Oh, so dude.
Buckwild baby.
Buckwild.
A little bit of adjacent gas in a leisure where here's a little bit of a hitch that.
A swayed 27, 25, 38.3%, 158, 742.
Where's the Davis Law?
A laydog, 27, 25, 38.3, 0.475, 0.458, 0.752.
Shaq, 29, 29, 28.4, 3.00, 0.00, 0.480, 0.780, 0.6666, 0.980.
We got a little bit of a, uh, Johannes Haslum.
Johannes Haslum, 35, 35, 37.9, 0.72.
All the, uh, to, uh, 0.20, 1.5, 0.9, 1.4, 3.157, 0.1, 0.3, all the, uh, 0.50, uh, SPG, uh, BPD, T-O-P-F, BPD, G, 0.16, uh,
a little bit of 1.68, uh, 3.79.
Average of all last night's game, where Alonzo was, uh, 25, 115.6, uh, 0.4, 5.7, uh, 0.00, 0.5, uh, 9.2, uh, 1.40, uh, 3.70, uh, 0.36, BPD, uh, 0.8, 0.1.
Oh, let's, uh, I was going a little bit of a home, though, Sha'ali, uh, line to really smooth and off,
that he or my dog have a chance to get in if, uh, you move quickly, uh, 5.67, whoa,
Anonymous call in front of the size of the building, hello.
Ho, ho, reach your jacks!
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho
Oh, man, I'll hang up and listen.
60 km.
And this, forts later.
Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Straight down south, where the mudwems go to hang from trees and play banjo.
You got some food on the station on.
New Frank gold rating old.
Now as North Carolina goes, rallies a big city, you know, and that's where the beesleaves
had to go for Golly Riley Joe.
I knew who G.M.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Then quickly walk away.
Absolutely.
They had Joe go to 5.6, oh, with ratings and the toilet mold to get those.
Playings for almost an order and control
And then so, golly-rolly Joe of a humor
And in the low he lets move
Go and here's what blows, give Geldie his own show
He'll make the big change and rearrange
It's worse or the same, he hasn't done a thing
Or what goes on the air at two
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue
bout'em for not medicentially long
Sport all radio, you ferry
The GM of 560, jolly-rolly Joe
Okay, 1018 at 560 WQM
Let's take a few kids today's poll
Which, I don't know, I don't know why I did this one
I just made it up
Okay
I just wonder what these people think
Because the media, the MSM, continue to try to portray this guy as though he's kind of like some credible candidate
And even the conservative Republicans, most of them except for the real Bible thumpers, they don't want nothing to do with my cuphabery
Last night again he came in a distant turd in Michigan, distant turd, even among the conservatives
Well the evangelicals, when you know something, evangelicals can rot in hell
And if there were such a place you can be damn sure they'd be there
The finger pointing bigoted hateful evangelicals should only rot a wicked death just like jolly-rolly Joe
Anyway, here's the poll
What's your take on my Hucklebee?
Hucklebee, I can't even say it anymore
Huckleberry, hound
He's a religious nut, 226
No chance, 158
That's correct, thank god, no chance
Dangerous, 143
Our next president, 31
Haha, haha, haha, haha, right
And a true believer, 24
Of course we know what he believes in, bigotry and hate but nevertheless
584 vote you'll never make no thousand a day, Mr. Octav. That's cause I put this on there
I don't know fairly late the yesterday
Slacker
I was busy watching a hockey game, at least finally won a game last night
Which isn't going to prevent some people from getting fired
and I was watching the debate last night which it was like a cream puff debate. I mean it was pointless.
They just all kissed each other's ass and sat around and made nice, you know, and percentage wasn't allowed in which is good.
Weed out some of these people that don't get ten votes and cut the crap already over, but it wouldn't make any difference.
Okay, let's get to the meat of the matter, okay, and the fact that today we're going to...
Not we, I'm making a change on the show, I'm taking the show back.
And I was crap about, genius, what happened to the show?
I'll tell you what happened to the show, mind up on the wrong radio station, that's what happened to the show.
Well, you know it's too funny because some of us survived more than ten years on the station and very well too, by the way,
we made them a lot of money and had big ratings and in return got a kick in the ass.
A stuh.
Right, exactly. That's precisely what that means. A stab in the back.
Because that's the kind of people we're doing business with.
Now, I've been doing top radio in this market for 31 plus, in fact it's almost coming up, but you realize it's almost 32th anniversary on the North.
I'm going to talk.
Coming up very soon, almost 32 years. So I know just a little bit about it, maybe a little bit more than some people are running this operation.
See, if you had been successful, then maybe you could overtake that.
Yeah, right, that's right.
But in any rate, we wound up on here and then of course, and I've been doing the screenless thing.
This crap about, well, if you'd screen the calls and you know it only marginally makes a difference because when people are determined to get on,
by hooker by hook they'll either the world there's a way.
Yes.
So I've been doing that for a long, long time without an awful lot of problem.
And then I don't know how long ago was it about a year ago, but however long it was during the reign of Jolly Joe.
They're like three or four lunatics that basically took over the phone and just on and on and on eight million times a day.
I've prosaac prosaac, I'm your friend.
You know that one and then his boyfriend there and rattling pots and pans and then the dumb fat homeless chick that called him yesterday on the behalf of sitting there playing pivot girl in the middle of that routine.
And then of course, the Reverend Jones and the boyfriend about a half a dozen people.
And I almost in tears, I can't tell you how many times I had the conversation with Jolly Joe about doing the things that are necessary to weed these people out and get them off the phone and to salvage the show.
I don't know what to tell you, Neelan.
And then of course we heard about Joe with his private investigator, which of course I'm on to do a p-hole in the snow and nothing.
Because this company and this management are doing not forget about promoting the show. They don't promote anybody.
So why should we be any different?
Right to support the show, nothing zero, zip any doodah. And to me support isn't saying, oh I don't know what to tell you, Neelan.
Who I love, you just screen the call of that.
Yeah, you're on any at Joe, you know, nothing.
In fact, this company knows nothing about talk radio. All they know about is ball games. That's all they know.
We're going to build a wall of football.
Yeah, you ought to, you ought to hide behind a wall of football because you know nothing about the broadcasting.
Nothing zero, zip any doodah.
And so basically, you know, they set out to destroy whatever we had on the show.
Then of course that compound that would choice. And the fact that we can't say this and we can't play that and no more fart sounds.
Whatever they can do to destroy the show and when my first while attorney slas agent who fancies himself quite a bomby vaunt, normal, normal Elliott Kent, when she came up with that line a couple of years ago about Joyce,
well she'll do anything to do to hurt your show. Well that's great. Let's sit back and watch the process take place.
And it has, it has unfolded to what it is now.
And the last two days, I mean, yeah, it was my choice. I could have stepped taking the calls at any point, but I figured, well let's run to the table for the two days and you heard what we had.
Because when it starts out with three or four, then all of a sudden it becomes like an epidemic.
And the idea of calling of a phone call on the near larger show is make a noise, make a sound.
Ah, jolly Joe, my name is Joe.
Whatever the hell that guy says. And now we've got 20 of them.
And of course the South Florida audience had nothing to say anyway and they haven't anything to say ever since we've been on this station anyway.
Nothing zero, zippity doodah.
So the fact that there are like, you know, 15, 20 people out there who wanted to destroy whatever is left of the show and destroy, you know, my life and my career, I'm not going to sit back and allow it.
Okay, I'm not that stupid. I don't have the money to get that wish.
I have too much self respect to sit here and turn the show over to the phone.
You can take the phone, jolly Joe and stick it deep inside your blood-ridden fat ass.
Right. I'm tired of having the discussion with people, you know, at the appearance of like, why did you stop taking calls? I like the calls.
Because they suck.
Right. I said there's what the calls should be and what they are.
That's what they call the order.
People who are on the order of the order of the radio.
People who know how to support the talent and the shows, they know how to deal with those problems.
This company doesn't want to, oh gee somebody might sue us. Somebody out right.
Scared of their own shadow. Like I've told you before, this present regime, they don't compete.
They don't know how to compete. The only reason the guys across the street are imploding is because of their own ineptitude.
Because they also have a jackass running across the street who gets pissed off and beats up his girlfriend.
Who talks a big game.
Oh, we need Neil over here. Yeah, you, the chance of my go to work for that jackass on the scale is zero, is minus infinity, at any price.
Hey, I don't care if he's a girl, beater. He's got the same mental illness as these people.
What would be the point in addition to which the stories are, he's bailing out of that deal anyway.
They've lost as much money as they're willing to lose and went into after going to be bailing out.
That's the only way you could have made somebody started.
That was in very jackass and he knows his crap. Believe me, crap is very middle name.
Look at the way those phones are just blazing away. I guess they don't get the message, huh?
I guess that let me just reach over and shut them on to the roster. I don't have to be distressed and look at that.
Because we know who they are. Those are the same.
A person who doesn't have your friend on your friend.
I run, I run.
My friends don't call on the radio show.
My friends don't call me on the radio show.
Oh, no, I don't know any of the people that call either.
Well, once upon a time we did, we both have friends.
They don't call us at work.
No, but I'm talking about people who were friends of the show that we used to meet at the appearances and people we wanted to talk to.
That was in a different era on a different station than at a different time.
This is not the talk station. This is, in fact, you noticed that they refused to ever change that thing.
You're sports, so what do they call it?
Sports radio.
Sports leader, sports leader, which doesn't even make sense that not even English.
Sports leader?
What sport are they leading in?
Do you want to know?
I think you can.
I do know.
Yeah, yeah, tonsil hockey.
601 votes on Chris's poll.
He's pretty pumped up. He thinks we can get to a thousand a day.
Oh, yeah, of course.
No, you know, it's all your fault.
It's my fault.
Tomorrow we got the ratings coming out.
It's going to be a big, big week.
So like I said, call up Tutsi, OK, Futsi, whatever his name is over there, because we ain't going to be talking to you.
What the hell do you think you're going to do?
Come on, that's right.
KU560 QA.
I have no right.
Sports leader.
I want to bang you in the butt, honey.
Mr. Butch, you are a total alcohol actor in 2007, weren't you?
Yes.
I was breaking Jack Daniels all the time.
Drugs in alcohol over and over again.
And you realized you really had a problem the night of the White House Christmas party.
I had a little too much to drink that night.
Oh, yeah.
Beer and absolute.
It tore off kindly Saracus' clothes on the dance floor.
Yeah.
She's a fabulous piece of ass.
And not only that, you got sick all over Dick Cheney.
And I made up my mind right there.
That's no quick drink.
So your new use resolution for 2008 is to get off the sauce.
You bet.
Today I am so good.
That's great.
I look forward to picking back nose.
Oh, peace.
Out.
KU560 WQM.
It's official says Armando Silgero, the hero Tony Soprano, is that often Spith Head Coach in five years.
You excited Chris?
Extremely.
We're going to call him Tony Soprano.
I'm sure I'm sure a lot of other people will too, because why not?
You know.
I'm not going to.
You're not going to call him anything.
Right.
Call him up now and invite him to dinner.
Sure. I'll invite him for lunch tomorrow.
Cobb owner Wayne Heisinga, who officially offered Soprano the job, left the team's practice facility at 9.40 this morning.
And how come we're not having a big press conference?
Because it says details on new contractor going to be errand out and tomorrow, well, whatever.
But that's the deal.
It says he endured a breakneck day yesterday, finished up some Cowboys minutes at the team's Valley Ranch Facility early in the day, rushed home to change, pick up his wife, and then met Dolphin's General Manager Jeff Ireland, the new GM, got under one of Heisinga's jets to South Florida, boarded in one of his jets.
Boarded in the Abenture Elimazine Denali upon touchdown, was escorted to dinner, well, he wasn't in a Cadillac Escalade like Brittany, while Shaman knew Wayne.
Was escorted to dinner at Grill 66 on the four-lettered intercocial. Was that what used to be Pier 66?
Met Heisinga, another Miami branch for the first time, was escorted back to a local Renaissance hotel where he stayed and got tucked in by Bill Parcells himself.
Oh, I can just see that.
He got tucked in by the tuna. Ever get tucked by a tuna?
Not lately.
But while Parcells didn't tuck in Sparano, he'll be pretty much one of the first faces the coach sees every morning.
But it'll be pretty mooped but about, but Armando goes on and on and on with a lot of boring stuff.
So there's your new Dolphin head coach and you heard it first right here. Maybe not, I don't know. Maybe they're all over the cross the street like stick on Joe.
I don't have any idea and I couldn't care less.
You noticed though that they didn't write in a rep for a big press conference, right? Major breathtaking announcement.
Did Joe have this on this morning?
I don't think so, but I don't know. I don't hear the last hour of the show, sir.
You don't think so. Well, how do you know? Well, what does that mean? You don't think so based on what?
What did that story hit the the net?
It's on the Harold website and it says 1029 AM. So he probably didn't have it.
Yeah, but Wayne left the team's practice facility 940 this morning with all Joe's inside contacts.
Man Joe still takes hours with Dan Merino. You do know that.
I do now. In fact, Joe Rose is on our Myspace. Did you know that if it's really him?
Well, I think Zach runs that page. Yeah, yeah, he's one of my friends also.
Are you serious? As of one. I just got the friend request a couple days ago.
I'll help recently. Really? How can he doesn't write me something like, well, what a shame you guys are getting screwed over.
I'm sure going to miss you. I don't think he might not even be aware of the existence of that page.
What do you mean by that? Oh, in other words, the emotional page like the same thing that Miguel did with you, you know, for the show.
Well, Zach won't, he won't write it. Sure he won't. You know, he won't. He's all bent out of shape because he's ripping a Patriot.
You know, Zach, the mission which he he suffers from that new motto at QA. You know what is?
The Jews lose. I got some good news for you though for the world.
The Jews? Not Jews. Barack Obama has erased a once substantial deficit to climb into a virtual tie with Hillary Clinton and the nationwide Democratic presidential rate.
Pointed with new roti as I'd be poor at least today. Among Republicans, John McCain charged to the front of a shifting presidential field, shooting past my cock and be in a fading Rudy Giuliani.
Nice strategy there, Rudy. He's counting on Florida. I can totally about that myself, Rudy. Don't count on Florida.
As the opening contest of the 2008 White House campaign dramatically reshaped the races in both parties. Call them on the party starts, okay?
We got the big Nevada caucus on Saturday and the Clintons are doing their dirty work trying to keep the union people from, oh, brother, just, you know, really sad.
When Republicans were doing that to Democrats, then it was swift loading and it was bad and it was evil and yadda yadda.
But now that the Clintons are doing this crap on Obama and everybody else, well, that's okay. It's good politics.
Slime balls. And I used to like him a lot as you know, but I've lost, I've lost most of my respect for Bubba.
Yeah, they might have allowed it. Nor are you eating now? I am eating now.
I was just practiced for tomorrow.
Heading into potentially crucial Nevada, South Carolina and Florida, the campaign to choose candidates for the November election to succeed, Bush has shown deep volatility.
It says wins in Iowa, by Obama and Huckabee gave both candidates jolts of momentum in the race, but the moment of a short lived as New Hampshire come back, wins by Clinton and McCain.
Five days later, set up a potentially lengthy Democratic and Republican nominating battle. This is the definition of a hard fought race, John Zodvey said.
Pull was taken on Thursday and Friday before last night's Meesha gave Republican primary in which Romney beat McCain 39 to 30.
Huckabee came in a distant third with 16 points, a distant third.
Huckabee, Hound, Bible, Thump and Jackass. Oh, forget the Constitution. We need to have the law of God who are running America.
Yeah, maniac. Another crazy Getzky, okay? Put him away. Put him in a padded cell somewhere.
Democrats also have to make believe primary Michigan, but it is viewed over the date that the vote led the National Party to strip the state of its delegates to this summer's nominating convention, meaning almost nobody, Bob, they took their names off the ballot, except the course for swillery who also was supposed to take her name off of there and she didn't do it.
But we'll get to that when we get to these numbers.
Anyway, so the Nationwide vote, Obama is even Stephen with swillery now. And he's got the big Moe, baby. He's got the fixed voting machines. I got a story on that.
It's been revealed at a high rank. Let me ask you. Do you want to hear the story about the die-bowl machines or would you rather hear?
Hi, Ron. Hi, Ron. See, how much time are you going to tell me to think about that?
What about you, Chris? I'm not good with hearing about that, Bolt.
It's been revealed to the high ranking executive at the company that was contracted program Olive New Hampshire's die-bowl voting machines has a criminal record and has previously defended the illegal act of swapping out memory cards for the machines during live elections.
The revelations which were uncovered by an investigative journalist and vote products for Bev Harris of blackboxvoting.org once again pledged that I voted in the controversial electronic voting systems into the spotlight.
Harris reports that Ken Hyjar, the marketing and sales director at LHS Associates, was arrested and dated and pleaded guilty to sales-lice CND, sales of controlled narcotic drugs and sentenced to 12 months of the rocking and counter correctional facility and fined to grand.
As things go for the politically connected, he was then given a deferred sentence and a thousand dollars of his fine was suspended, suspended a sentence.
LHS Associates is a private company that counted over four-fifths of the New Hampshire vote with no oversight whatsoever and also holds die-bowl contracts for Connecticut, Massachusetts and Vermont.
A program every single voting machine in New Hampshire, Connecticut almost all of Massachusetts for Montenay and they comment, but state officials in five and a weightless states never do a criminal check on this company's executive.
Due to laws that these five states even allowed in the higher convicted criminals for services paid for by the state, what about over 500 local towns and municipalities?
The story becomes even more compelling given comments made by Ken Hyjar himself in a recent interview with as he revealed that he totes memory cards around in the truck of his car and defends the concept of swapping out memory cards.
Other LHS staff members we spoke with including Mike Carlson and Tom Burge provided similar comments. They said they would open up machines during election and swap memory cards is needed.
This is illegal under Connecticut law and Deputy Secretary Mara told us she has since informed LHS Associates Board of Violation of Connecticut Election Laws.
Bev Harris is also asked for complaints filed on a threat allegedly made in recent years to aid New Hampshire woman and any of the reports from for her jar LHS owner John Sylvestero.
The pair grew up together in Lawrence Mass before moving to London, Dairy, New Hampshire.
John Sylvester has been at the center of a long-running public dispute and trying to deflect accusations made by hacker Harry Herstie that the voting machines are wide open and to tampering them can be easily rigged into the dead.
How do you like that?
Yeah, the Herstie Sylvester said it from the centerpiece of the recent 80-minute HBO film Hacking Democracy.
Well, there you go. We're not suggesting, of course, that anything like that would happen in America, land to the free and the home of the grave. What do we know?
634 on your very exciting poll about Mike Huckleberry Hunt. He's out by the way.
He's gonna get this new South Bay, you're gonna get a Bible from Ronny, South Carolina.
60QAM.
The sports leader.
And now here's Jay Leno.
Thank you. Great to be back. Hey, how about that iron with concus? Huh? You read about this?
True. Did you hear what Hillary Clinton said? Yeah, me too. Hey, how about that Mitt Romney phone? Yeah.
And the one on this campaign is going on. George Bush is still the president.
Yeah. And how about all this crazy that's going on in Pakistan? Oh, that's scary. What?
How much time we got left? Really? Okay, then it's time for Jay Walking.
First I walk over here. And I'll walk back over here. All right, that one's Jay walking.
No, it's time for headlines. Ladies and gentlemen, these are actual headlines from actual newspapers.
We'll check this one up from the USA in the next sports section. It says Patriots Perfect.
So congratulations to them, I guess. Hey, after the break, we'll be back with very entertaining, man-made funny guy.
Mike Huckleberry. Mike Huckleberry, ladies and gentlemen, so stick around.
Please. No, 14 before 11 at 560 WQM. So I get an email on my my spaces now, which I check every now and then from a guy named David who pretends he's not on one of his fakers on there.
Pretends to be so concerned about my life and about my hero and about a repeatable and take the calls old man. That's great radio. Old man. See? Yeah.
So during the next break, I'll just delete him from my I think you just get lost David. Okay, get a life for Christ. I have no life.
Plus he's got a picture of his profile pictures with some guy. Allegedly, David just got married here a few months ago, but I think to a guy.
Hey, David, you're fairy. It lost. Maybe I'm just going to be a lot of that whole thing there. Okay.
What? Okay, what? Whatever, you know, you're not working on it. You're not working on it. You know, dropping.
Choice candidate.
Smith candidate. Yeah. Like the phone. You mean? Seriously, if I had a crowbar, see in the in the solstice, there's no spare tire.
It's got like a little kit in the trunk. The trunk is the size of your thumb, you know.
But if I had a crowbar, I'd like to come up there and jam it up. Jolly Joe. Let them all. And then I could initiate that using bloody diarrhea.
Or maybe just a blood bath. He just such a bastard, such a rotten obnoxious. Speaking of that, he came in and said, you know, we were.
Say what? Gonna be carrying that press conference. We were, we were. We are gonna. And when is that? We don't know yet.
But when it happens, it will happen here. But we already know what the deal is. We already know it's telling us to hurry.
Are we gonna go through that again? No, I hope it starts a new and go for two hours, right? No problem. Maybe it's their station, man.
That's what he said. We're gonna carry the press conference. Yes. Did you get up and stick your shoe into his ass and twist it around and dig deep and twist and carve? No. Why not? I don't know. Some kind of was. I guess. Like I said, a crowbar sounds good to me.
Representative Bobby Wicksler is urging the House Judiciary Committee to begin impeachment hearings against Vice President Degcany.
Despite opposition from our House Democratic leaders, he looks sad because we aren't taking any phone calls today. It wouldn't surprise me that there's a room with the holiday in somewhere that he rents and occasionally goes over there and like, you know, is the cheerleader. And all these 20 guys are sitting in the same room. You know what I mean? Passing the phones around.
Along with the jolly joes private investigator. So we'll be carrying that press conference to announce that Tony Spirato has been the selected new head coach of your dolphins.
We're very famous for doing that. I'm carrying press conferences to announce something that the entire world already knows, but nevertheless, Lexler who first gained national attention for defending Bill Clinton during his impeachment 98 said,
the chaining has to be ousted in order to restore the balance and power between the executive legislative branches, which in his view has been eroded by a never-spanning claim of authority under chaining and president Bush.
Did jolly joe come in and pack you on a back and say, great job George. No, okay. No. What are you saying? He said, we are going to be carrying that press conference. We just don't know when it's going to be.
Oh, well, hopefully it'll be like from noon to two sounds good to me. Noon. Is it?
We just got the press conference for the press release here. Thank you all for.
So when the press conference had noon. All right. Would you like me to read it? I can.
Sure. The Miami dolphins will hold a press conference at approximately 12 noon today in the main auditorium at the dolphins training facility in Veevy to announce Tony Spirato as the team's new head coach.
All right. Live trucks are permitted to park in the east parking lot. All other media should park in the auxiliary parking lot adjacent to the novice, how the eastern softball field.
That's it. So we're going to have a press conference at noon to announce that the world is still spinning around.
There's a litany of issues that need to be heard. Wexler said the administration's abused car of executive privilege. This administration has completely avoided testifying before Congress on any one of a host of six seven or eight issues.
See that's something. Jolly Joe knows about that we can have a press conference to announce the answer that we probably, you know, P. Oliver is desk. You better put that on there to where you got the dolphin games.
Who would have wanted dolphin games, although we do have the big tuna. We got the big tuna and the big guest Tony soprano.
They're throw their weight around. Whether we're talking about the manipulation of intelligence on a rack. He went on. This is Bobby Wexler, not Jolly Joe.
Whether we're talking about the outing of a covert CIA agent, whether we're talking about the illegal use of torture, whether we're talking about the potentially unlawful firing of US prosecutors on all these issues. The administration is thus far successfully used the power of executive privilege, but impeachment hearings would be different.
Wexler said because the White House couldn't raise a privilege claim in order to avoid answering questions from lawmakers.
And impeachment hearing the administration doesn't have the power of executive privilege, Wexler said, noting that the secret tapes that helped bring down Richard Nixon didn't surface until they house to the judiciary committee began the impeachment hearings.
Of course Nancy Pelosi is doing the green apple quick step. Oh, it's off the table. I ought to throw your ass off the table. Okay, you spineless bitch. You cowardly slut. But nevertheless, how are we doing with my cockleberry, by the way?
648 vote. What's your take on him? Know what we ought to add on there? Who's my cockleberry? Okay, Chris, get with it. I'm sure that's my fault. I should have put that on there when I sent the poll to Eric last night. I was busy watching hockey, man, and the debate at 9 o'clock.
I got a good idea since there's no sports intensive. Let's carry Joe Bowen here in the audio of last night's leaf five four win over Carolina until the press conference at noon. What do you say?
What do you think? Sounds great.
Didn't Lawrence, you're in your witness to what you saw it. Yeah, I think they'd like it sports sports.
I'm going to be in a beach in one more time. I'm going to be in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a
beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in a beach in
standing her feet she finds and tries to stop losing votes to that of the guys who do you want? reading you?
while we're on we thought we need change when she's already caught red pocket change when she's white
I'm beginning to think the new dolphin coats may be a little Canadian even though we said he's from Jersey
what is he saying?
hey, what is he saying?
he's not bad enough that we just blew the audience away for like 25 minutes that isn't bad enough but then to do an 8 minute break I mean see if you leave it to the old pro George can tell you I can get 8000 spots into 60 minutes if we need to
you can jam a lot of material into a small spot like nobody I know if I could jam on it like my foot up Christmas mess would be good
you just said small space but anyway we got out of the way you're getting out of the way I mean what what is that?
you and Cortis are now the brain trust what does he got to do with the show anymore the PD here somebody had to make a decision
oh that's right Jack Cortis is acting PD now that's right for jolly joey's out to lunch or maybe he's rubbing his chocolatey of PD
what? how you doing? hey I'm sure you weren't paying too much attention there
no I'm sure even you know you still kept saying hey no I turn the monitor down and I called a girlfriend and had a nice political conversation during the whole thing
well good hey neither Democrats nor Republicans are the best in bed according to the playboy survey
it says Republicans and Democrats may be dominating the US presidential race but when it comes to the bedroom it's independence who have better sex
according to playboy magazines politics and sex survey more than 45% of those questions say the independence were better in the sec
against 36% of our Democrats were the best lovers and just over 18% are waiting to Republicans as the real dot ones hey
they say I'm going to start doing that now but it's what into a like Canadian Z how you can do it
more Republicans had sex at least once a week 55% against only 43% of Democrats according to the magazine's February edition
which question 900 adults aged between 18 and 64 the survey also found that Michelle Obama the wife of Democratic presidential
hopeful Barack Obama was considered by almost one out of five as the sexiest woman in politics
she was followed by Secretary of State condolese the right with 17 and a half percent first lady Laura Bush with 16.3%
and swillery with just 14% among former presidents Bill Clinton emerges as a sexiest beating Ronald Reagan 58.8% to 21.7
I think Ronnie may have been sexy once upon a time but he forgot how to do it
but at any rate so that's that from playboy so what do we do now now that we're done with that fiasco hey let's us
I was going to ask you was it just me that couldn't hear the questions from the reporters it was it on the year like that
no it's on the year like that
that's another reason why it's always good to carry these anti-climactic press conferences where we know what's going to be ahead of time
so that we can have all that dead air like
well of course you think it's going to be a farce or a sort of panic
like that you know excellent brilliant
and just like when we had those back in the
when how was it back in the spring of last year boy time sure flies when clearance was doing those basketball games in the middle of our show
remember that?
college hoops in the middle and broad daylight while people are still awake
it's you know almost think there was like an active sabotage going on let's see how low we can drive those numbers let's give them down to a point
oh what do you say and speaker number is the book tomorrow baby say a brother
love your feet
you know projects
4.560 QAM
the sports leader
Roger time
what is up with Britney Spears her behavior has been described now as a complete meltdown
release arrived at Britney's home where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically inside a lock factor
oh this is crazy
we're going after a real body cranky spray
wow feeling crazy
who is crazy
we're going after a real body cranky spray
Britney Spears reportedly said she shaved off her hair because she was both tired of everybody touching me
bald tattooed woman riding with her son Sean in her lap drinking tequila from a bottle
a paramedic holds down her flailing legs
she is insane
we're going after a real body cranky spray
she is crazy
her capric cocoa puffs
we're going after a real body cranky spray
dr. Phil said she is in dire need of help
we're going after a real body cranky spray
Britney Spears reportedly is out of the hospital in LA no warning where she is
crazy
oh yeah she is a crazy nutty other than a fruitcake but anyway it's 140 what is it?
159?
see ya
alright
well I mean it's been kind of a condensed episode here today
1246 is what it is
for those who are time watchers out there
we got the jacks back today too
oh
now we didn't play any music underneath that press conference I'm a little disappointed you guys
what about the christian charge quarters where it come up with something really creative to play in the background
I was to myself though I was playing smarts and strikers
you're figuring yourself?
yeah
we came here in high copper area who since he's the
subject of our pool today we have 858 and a pool
we'll make the 900 in spread of our horse ball press conference
we'll make it
I think
you think how many people do you think are still listening?
About 30 men
and after pulling an upset in the Iowa caucus my coffee brewery is now pulled to be spectable
a third in two northern primers
a distant third
but I just hope to do it much better in South Carolina
nothing could be finer than a win in South Carolina
Huckabee spoke to MSNBC's Joe Scarborough from Columbia saying enthusiastically
South Carolina is a great place for me
I mean I know how to eat grits and speak the language
we even know how to talk about eating fried squirrel and stuff like that
so we're on the same wavelength
Mika I bet you never did this Huckabee went on addressing Mika Burjinsky
but I was in college where he used to take a popcorn popper
because that was the only thing that would let us use in the dorm
and we would fry squirrels in a popcorn popper in the dorm room
you responded Scarborough went seeing too much information
you Huckabee continued by emphasizing the popularest basis of his campaign
it's amazing he stated on the only guy that's getting hammered from just some of these special interest groups
and I think that they'll turn for me and against some of these folks because it's pretty obvious
there's just an anxiety that exists in the Washington power cities
circles about our candidacy truck drivers know why they're voting for my Kuckabee
and that's why I'm convinced we're gonna win
Huckabee insisted that no matter what the New York Times may say
the Republican Party is quite vibrant and is merely trying to find a new voice
or everybody's looking to find their voice
Good Lord that guy's gonna connect down there so well with Scarborough's final comment
oh yeah that's Joe Scarborough but a Nambi Pambi pasty-faced Jackass
that's Joe Scarborough and that's why MSNBC other than Keith Holberman ain't got nothing on there
although they do like to talk politics
and boy Chris Matthews must have succumbed to the article that they wrote about him
about how he hated Hillary and the Clintons in general about that
because last night after the debate he was kissy kissy her ass man
oh she did a phenomenal job but she didn't have a right
nobody did any phenomenal job it was just a suck up for two hours
861 votes on my Kuckabee poll
if you tune in late no calls today or tomorrow or Friday or whatever
whether they have to that or on the weekend
but why do you why can't you imagine the desperation
are the lines still been ringing they find me
I know well there's one but you know they on and off
sure yeah don't waste your time okay because they're not gonna have it
oh they know nobody is gonna answer your calls
their time think about that for a second
that's right I have no life I forgot that
but he can imagine what's going on like in one certain place there
where the three of them are sitting around the table with their pots and pans waiting
just waiting and oh geez
hi Ron
oh Jay Simpson's bail bonds been Miguel Perura
now that's an interesting poll question which would be more interesting
a middle of the chronic colors or that press conference we just said
hey hey what do you think hey
now were you watching it Chris while it was going on or was it not on
must have been on local TV it was on local TV and then it was on
it's been news and stuff was not here anywhere hey
they didn't give a rat's ass about it oh not another dolphin coaching
change what happens like you know as often as people change their underwear
hey oh Jay Simpson's bail bonds been Miguel Perura
took the witness stand today as prosecutors attempted to prove Simpson
violated terms of his release on bail as he awaits a robbery trial
Simpson was brought to court in jail attired today to answer charges
at the end he had to be getting pretty used to those orange jumpsuits you know
I bet
Simpson's attorney Gabriel Grasso filed a motion late yesterday urging a judge
to reject Clark County DA Rod David Rodgers after that Simpson jailed
without bail until his April 7 trial
the prosecutor led just a Simpson detail in the November 16th message when he
wanted Perura to tell Stewart one of his co-defendants what's your guys name
clearance CJ Stewart I just want CJ to know that I'm tired of this crap
Simpson's Quoters saying Schmidt fed up with the A-hole is charging or changing
what they told me all right Perura may be called as a witness he left
a message instructing me to do something violating your court order
Perura told associated press after Simpson was jailed again last week
I don't want to get involved in such a dilemma or criminal act he said
Stewart's lawyer Jose Palada said he didn't know whether the
message reached Stewart Simpson told biggest justice to the piece Joe
Palada eventually September 19th that he understood he was not to have
contact with anyone involved in the case not even by passenger
pigeon remember that remember the judge giving that song today
yes
Stewart and fellow co-defendant Charles Ehrlich don't have to appear for the
hearing and remain free on bond
but it beat the boot but about poor OJ oh he's just getting the bum wrap again
they just out to get OJ yeah morons
yeah that's right he's above the law
because he's a jock you know next jock so he therefore he's above the
like he can make it up as he goes along right isn't that part of the
law that's the way it works if Q.A.M. baby that's what we have the OJ
tribute room where the water not used to sit
I don't know water not see
you got to admit we sure had an interesting cast of characters
these ten years plus oh yeah hey hey
871 votes on your full you'll get 900 no problem if it weren't for
that horrible press conference we might have made a thousand today but
I have a feeling that some people may have abandoned this for a little while
hey I'm sure we had loads of people listening
loads yeah we had piles but oh you'd be pleased to know not only I go down to
get the new discs but I also had a gigantic joyster oh man
what a wonderful experience
well please good for I am happy what else you're going to do during something
like that hey call your girlfriend oh okay
call her what slut pretty I see I thought maybe you meant you big you
slut you wore according to former secretary state colon pal and you know
something it's almost one o'clock now a grand we didn't have that press conference
but how many calls are we taking today oh none I don't feel that there's any
a problem we we have a mr. beat you know what I'm saying we say I'm saying we need
those calls like we doff does maybe our lock and cup is the Chinese say you want
to eat the calls like we need a hole in the head on this show oh I like the way
you'll interact with the cars oh yeah I bet you do man I wouldn't be I wouldn't be
surprised if some of the comics are on his payroll as part of the overall
plan to you know well like I said if you're the Jews lose that's the new model
queue and we got a big sign in front Jews lose is that what it says I think so
in Hebrew hey according to former secretary state colon pal even though the
homeland is safer now than prior to 9.11 alleged the U.S. may have gone too far
and paid to I apprised during a speaking engagement in all the ins one day before
the American Farm Bureau Federation's 89th annual convention Paul said that a
year and a half after 9.11 he went to president Bush and told him just that
we can't go too far because we have now paid to I apprised for these new
procedures Paul things he told Bush no procedures my ass invasive and burdens
on the screening of passengers that are important other anti-terrorism measures
had become this this tasteful to many people around the world policy noting
that he played a big part in getting those measures in place after the 9.11
terrorist attacks and the ignores that people seeking medical treatment
tourists and students who might have come to the U.S. are now going elsewhere
we're starting to create an impression in the rest of the world it's as we really
don't want to welcome you here anymore and that's bad Paul said that's bad
hey I'm in a soda newspaper at so many youngsters around the world
especially Muslim youth stopped applying to attend U.S. universities he said
people abroad with illnesses aren't trying to seek treatment at the Mayo
clinic and they are coming to recreational facilities in the U.S.A.
Paul said hey foreign students are writing to France and elsewhere instead of
Paul said because it's obvious you can get a quality education at these places
now and you don't have to go to a place that seems not to welcome you or
hassles you with the airport while they deliver the message of continuing a
fight on terrorism and not living in fear Paul noted they can knock down a building
and what rebuild they may get through and kill some of our fellow citizens
and will mourn and go after them but the one thing the terrorists cannot do
can never do is change the nature of our welcoming system based on the set of
values that say come this is America we fear no one we will not take counsel
of our fears and we'll remain this welcoming country we've always been he said
that's the country's greatest strength in this time of terror he said
let's not change ourselves let's change them let's go after them yeah when we
gonna start doing that the comment drew a lot of applause in the delegates with
about five thousand expected for the four day convention the league's
nation's largest farmer and rancher organization Paul also touched based on
agriculture the economy global warming and education the former secretary of
state for the Bush administration the sellout is mostly retired now spending
most of the time on speaking tours raking in the cash sellout rule and
cool and end of time to sell out holding up that viola you went well that
was pretty violent if you ask me hey mm-hmm too bad you weren't listening
because you would have gotten a real talk about that all I've done hey how's it
going hey it's going great eight seventy seven on Chris's pool about what's
his name my cockleberry so we got all the spots in the star how do you
like that all of it was a very bad you know you and court has got together
that was and we could have discussed it over the intercom the only front being the
intercom goes on here exactly so I know we communicate all those George could
have liked semi a text message in between making all those dates with those hot
sluts hey bigot name
five sixty qa m
the sports leader
okay this guy for real and when I'm up in bulk it take a slap in old women with
painted lips around the pool I listen to the old Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the old Rogers parent balance one to two hours
you know this is very personal for me it's not just political it's not just
public I see what's happening we have to reverse it I have so many opportunities
for this country so I see a small backwards
big wheel of candy lots of people think is a rich
oh
five to five the father's her
it only wants to hit him with her
then you can the white house instead of there for one to fly on a broom
well we'll go over you like and home for closures you feel they eat
you know what to do in charge is defending stand up for me
people think she's too cold to get elected in the first light
the first light is expanding to feel pride
faith has lots of wrinkles she looks old yes it me like she's my mother
the goodness and greatness of America
just don't want to see us fall backwards
we can't let it scream at each other
this is what it sounds like when Hillary Christ
this opera from the last is more more more
we don't realize that I'm making you all a ton of money
and all you do is write a bunch of garbage about me
you're lucky I'm even getting paid for you
I love it it's one of one of five sixty-one
we're back on the near Roger show okay we have no more press conferences
scheduled for today no more hiring is no more firings of
jocks okay
all that's too bad
eight eighty seventy let's have another one this hour okay okay let's go to the press conference
let's replay it
let's get ready and let's get ready
that's what I heard before it's over what's that bit where he's doing that where he's going
what what what what is that been something in Chappaqua
a day-and-a-life in Chappaqua something something in Chappaqua
yeah that's it okay that's a that's Hillary that sounds like that by the way
still to this day no it is not yes it is here it is I think
no that's all the thing just to get there first night in Chappaqua
oh I'm getting high there you go see the door see you're knocking swelery you know
who else is knocking her jank you go from this working trip remember jank
Jess he says I spent a lot of time defending Hillary Clinton over the last couple of weeks
because of the silly nature of the attacks against her the infamous crying episode
is the most obvious example of this phenomenon when it comes to the absurd
personality-based coverage of the major media unless she can't catch a break
they can't make up their minds whether she laughed or cried too much or too
little the only thing that's guaranteed is that she's guilty of all of the above
no matter what other than being ridiculous this criticism also misses the real
problem with senator Clinton there's ample ground on which to criticize the
junior senator from New York she has surrounded herself with accommodationist
and triangulators her advice has seemed to constantly tell her to give half a
look to George Vorschen Dick Cheney led Republicans to almost the whole
office gone other critics have done a better job of analyzing her
advisors and triangulation better than I can hope to do here so I want to focus on
one overwhelming problem with Hillary Clinton she claims that George W. Vorschen
is the worst president we've ever had yet in her entire time in the Senate
she has never led one successful successful successful fight against him
she's either lost every legislative battle on the rack or worse yet then complicit
the vote to authorize the war was one thing but how about all the votes to continue to support
Bush's war for all the remaining years let alone every other issue on which
Bush got exactly what he wanted up to including this year when Democrats in
senator Clinton were theoretically in charge I understand that leaders are
supposed to lead yet I've never seen senator Clinton leader fellow Democrats in
a successful challenge a president Bush never that's a pretty awful record
now would be one thing if George Vorschen was a popular president who was hard to
feed politically but in fact he's just the opposite he's the most deeply unpopular
president of our lifetimes and Hillary Clinton kept getting her ass kicked by that
guy every day that's the real criticism that should be leveled against Hillary Clinton
yet I've almost never seen anyone make this point on TV part of the reason for that
of course is because of opponents Barack Obama and John Edwards didn't do better in their
time in the Senate either so they are embarrassed and monocle with silence on the
matter the reason I hold senator Clinton to a higher standard other than the fact that
she's been there longer is that she has the biggest name recognition and
creditor fellow Democrats but chose not to instead she chose a combination
and capitulation there's a record there's a record worth criticizing if anybody
ever gets around or nice going Jank nice going baby but according to Chris Matthews
who's an expert on politics and talking out of the side of both mouth both sides
just she was wonderful last night oh she was so clever and I thought the whole
thing was boring is all good we got eight ninety three on Chris's poll so the
nine hundreds of given and like I said we got screwed man we got screwed in
tattooed a if he did how many time how many thousand times
thirty man did he say hey or a or whatever is that the then affectation he's got
I'm in twenty five minutes thirty thousand at least really Chris heard it I
heard it but I thought he said important or something like that something else
a lot also you know something your days on this planet I think are numbered you
you are just what what does that have to do with what I just said because I
mean I wasn't really paying thanks to much of the press why not why not you're the
big fan you're the one that's always making excuses okay and covering up for the
the in in the efficiencies of the organization you're the one that's always
giving me a song to dance about how the Patriots suck and they're lucky and they're
this and they cheat and blah blah and Tom Brady you only wish you only wish
that you were Tom Brady that's true even George wishes he was Tom Brady sure I'll
take it just for all the acid Tom he's getting on the side he doesn't want to
impregnate all those chicks though although George occasionally you know by accident I
have no two yeah no sometimes by accident yeah yeah sometimes sometimes it's just
trickery you know that's right that's right what's your take on my cock of
me that's our whole question today oh thank God to be oh okay yeah we're not
making too many babies lately yeah you still get trapped there you go again
see what there you go again ripping my rip in my life go ahead I can handle it I
like to handle it but unfortunately I was taken my cock of me a religious nut 3.49
dangerous 224 no chance to 18 well you wait till we get to those Southern
primaries man all in red necks and truck drivers start coming out and vote for my
cockleberry you see he's a girl boy he's deep fried squirrel in the popcorn
popper he's our next president 50 lunatics say that a true believer 31 yeah that's
part of the problem well there's a big of a crazy people and we do there's Nancy
just great it leaves every 30 minutes in the morning 30 minutes in the morning
go to the airport as people call for a shuttle okay can someone who's there at the
micro tell oh my god there are just some people you see them on TV and you want to
take a club and just club I mean I'm not a violent person as you know but I mean
they're busy clubbing they're busy clubbing the baby seals and for the
lazy people alone what a shame get on to this subtle or do they have to get
out of the shuttle honey and go out of space go to your anus my cock of me our
next president 50 a true believer 31 and who's my cock of me 21 21 silly people
not the oh 903 now am I right we they had a good shot in a thousand we had
that we had a run for it oh well they shut us off for 25 minutes of the most
oh Honduras unendurable and then another eight minutes of spots because we
sure it's how working a sacrifice any spots to put that school on the air worry no
no we had a pacified way in baldy by putting that on but we sure it's how
working a mess out any spots and Josh Cortes and Chris made damn sure that
right I let you somebody got to them you think George it's possible but no I
don't I don't think that was the case here no I think they were really you
know trying to get it done you know out of the way the awkward way the best of
the tune out way to make sure that everybody stayed to well I think the rationale was
everyone's already tuned out so what could it hurt it although people listen to
the station ought to be used to like eight and ten and fifteen and twenty minute
breaks so there's no problem don't do it again okay dark Thompson has a column
here America's uncontrollable war machine man it's a bad machine man he says from
George W. Bush's war machine comes where the thousands more Marines will soon
head for Afghanistan to fight the war he abandoned nearly five years ago for the
Euconcine invasion of Iraq this doesn't mean we're getting out of Iraq will
probably be debating the Iraq war in the 2012 presidential campaign along with
the war in Afghanistan the war in Iraq and God knows where else call it the
endless war syndrome the result of too many years of out of control policies
that have left us with little choice but to fight on and on for
fictitious reasons and an arrogant illusion of superiority Bush has placed
this country in an untenable position we have no business in Iraq but we can't
leave we could have finished the job in Afghanistan 2003 but we pulled out a pulled
out to fight this useless war in Iraq Bush will spend most of his final year
in office trying to find a way to clear war in Iran John McCain says he doesn't
care troops are in Iraq for the next hundred years Hillary Clinton will commit
with drawing troops from harm's way no other first year candidate neither for
any promises to bring all the troops home if elected America's war machine is
on automatic pilot nobody knows where to find a break American can see it exists
on the notion that our way of life is the only acceptable way for all of the
nations to live our system our leaders believe is the only acceptable one for all
the peoples we attempt to export an illusion of democracy that doesn't even
exist in our own country we're still the virtues of a freedom that we as
Americans lost a long time ago we preach ideals that we need a support and
practice we're a nation built on a false premise attended a forced to lie in a
world that no longer trust or admirers the diplomacy is an option because when
trust dies peaceful negotiation becomes collateral damage so the only thing we
have left is military force and the constant politically expedient need to
invent excuses to use it that's what your buddy w t he started to book a
little bit again okay they must have left
they must have left me made it run out the window or something alright because I
had a feeling they really got to them there for a few days he was really
wimpies hell man wimpies a limp noodle
and one thing about dark Thompson on capital blue dot com he's usually not
wimpie or limp but nevertheless
or maybe he's limp I don't know I don't care he's an old guy with a beard
909 on the poll what a shame man what a shame 912 they're coming in and
chunks now we could have made the thousand thanks a lot Tony's a
prano maybe he needed an offer they couldn't refuse
what did they get named something
which is
leader
didn't say
come always feel is there to get you to good end
time
Because you won't see no jai
Why don't they know how long it's gonna take
Now they all go and take another break
They waste our time with nothing to defend
Just ride the guy and bring it to an end
No use today, that's too bad for OJ
He can't defend his rage
He's locked up in his cage
Well we got some good news on that front
We finally thought a judge has got some real balls
Lady judge, I think it is Jackie, Jackie Glass
The judge doubled OJ's bailed 250 grand today
After learning that he never paid any money to a bail bondsman when he initially was released
Simpson attorney Yale Galanter
Yantle Galanter said Simpson find the uses Miami Florida Home to secure bond
But the judge insisted that he put down 15% in cash
37,500 bucks
Judge Jackie Glass said I don't want them out of the jail until that 15% is paid
Well let's take up a collection from our sportsman
And it's pretty sure the ranch would be easy
They got a idea
Simpson's bail bondsman, Miguel Pereira of U-ring We Spring
Took the win
What a great line
U-ring We Spring took the witness stand today as prosecutors attempted to prove Simpson violated terms of his release on bail as he waits a robbery trial
Yal, just one moment please
Okay, make sure you want me to play some music
No, I'm just, would you relax just taking a sip of, uh, okay
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I
they expected a tremendous success in our selection of these test offering Hungarian doctors to get new treatment patients with bras
I'm sorry for hearing, sorry for hearing, or the divorce man, with a divorced woman, with a divorced man, with a divorced woman, with a divorced man, with a divorced man, with a divorced woman, had a divorced man, lying around
for her to tell Stuart.
And we went through that before.
Perra may be called as a witness.
Stuart's lawyer Jose Polaro said he didn't know
whether the message reached Stuart already read that too.
Is there anything new in here?
No.
And not the only thing that's new is that the judge
doubled the bail and she wants to cash now,
and learning never paid any money to the bail box.
But when he initially was released the first time,
how do you like that?
Can you say scumbag?
Can you say slimeball?
I can't.
Can you say, huh?
I can't yet.
OK, no, you can't.
Not anymore.
Have you run that by a choice yet?
I run something by a choice.
Yeah.
I'd like you to run by a choice what I deposited
during that the press conference, who
leave you me from head to toe.
Nevertheless, where's those great calls, Neil?
You won't hear them.
Don't got them.
Don't want them.
Ain't got to get them.
You ain't going to hear them.
Are there any lines, Ryan?
No.
Well, maybe I'll take a call or two.
Come on, let's see.
Let me see what happens if I say that we might take some calls
before the end of the hour here.
I might relent.
Maybe there might be somebody good now.
Maybe all the products have gone away.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
05, 60 in the horizon, singular wireless line.
Let's light up that full man like a Hanukkah bush.
Come on, you can do it.
What a shame, Chris.
You did it.
You did it because we're going to get about 9, 6, 9, 7.
We need to hand the thousand votes.
So put an asteriskness to this thing in the record book.
All right, we'll do it in our running ongoing log.
I don't see those lines like, man, of course,
that 45-minute delay.
Oh, there they go.
Is steam start lighting up there?
Oh, they're almost all lit up now.
And I'm reaching over right now and shutting the thing off.
I'm like, are you really thinking I was going to take anyone?
No, if I didn't, I am not.
Let me say it again, because I know a lot of people don't
hear the whole four hours.
They didn't hear the very beginning of the show.
And I'm going to repeat it as often as I can.
I am not going to turn the rest of my career,
the rest of my life, the rest of my mind,
the rest of my job, over to 50 or 20 lunatics
who think that this show is about them calling
and making funny sounds.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Perfect, yeah.
Do it to each other.
I'm sure that wouldn't be the first time.
Just run around the hood, OK?
And find somebody with an open window and just
the other window.
Perfect, perfect.
I'm your friend.
And when you hear this sound, it means
you're probably going to be dead.
Do I have to have for the Marine Dog column voice long?
Faith, freedom, and bling in the Middle East.
Maybe I better save it for next half hour.
Well, I've got a huge pile.
Yep.
And you want to know why?
Why?
I'll tell you why, because I know that every day
I'm going to be babbling for four hours.
And I'm not going to be taking any of these stupid things.
Oh, or else?
Excellent.
Oh, but I like to wait.
Well, you know something that's really kind of a move point,
isn't it?
I mean, maybe when we go to work on a real radio station,
they might do something about the phone situation,
as opposed to a general manager saying,
I don't know what to tell you.
That was his stock answer to most every problem we were having.
That's a mention on a real radio station
will have a broader pool to draw from, you know?
Oh, really?
Remember the olden days?
Now who wrote this column?
Francis Kisling on salon.com.
She says in the wake of Hillary Clinton's surprising win
Tuesday and all the wrong-headed punty tree leading up to it.
There's been much discussion about why women voters
rallied on mass for her new Hampshire.
Some believe she benefited from a powerful backlash
against her many eagerness shares in the media.
But whenever the reason for a campaign's resurgence,
I still don't buy Clinton as the women's candidate.
I'm a lifelong feminist and the crucial election
I'm supporting is that, in words,
whose economic policies I think will best serve women.
Barack Obama is a close second,
with Hillary a distant third.
At first, as a feminist, I felt strange,
almost embarrassed not to support Clinton,
but it wasn't a tough decision.
I did some soul-searching,
and in the end there were too many issues
of principle on which he was willing to compromise.
Her commitment to practicality over principle
made it hard to be enthusiastic about her candidacy.
At the same time, watching Clinton and Iowa,
New Hampshire was a rollercoaster ride.
There were moments when I just wanted to throw in
the talent supporter, those flashes of humanity and passion,
the confidence she expresses in her record,
the reality that she probably is a good person
or husband says she is.
I imagine her frustration with people like me
who sell her shirt and won't settle for the conventional wisdom
of what a woman has to do to get elected and trusted.
And then she would frustrate me
with her almost absolute inability to understand
that being a leader is much more than an exercise in competency.
It's the ability to capture people's imaginations
and make them believe that there is indeed hope.
The load point was her dismissal of
Obama's visionary platforms as false hopes.
Jones mudbed the mother wagging her finger
at the boy who dared to promise the American people
more than they could deliver was too much.
I contrast the closing speeches from New Hampshire
of Obama's three words, yes we can,
and Clinton's heartfelt claim of having found her voice
and unspoken acknowledgement that she had to learn
and she learned it.
One goes to bed with a feeling that the next six weeks
will include a national opportunity for all
but to far right to take apart questions
of race, gender, class, and political integrity.
In a way it was the first 21st,
this is the first 21st century election.
Will Obama force Clinton of the New Malignant?
Can she meet my expectations?
Then her record enters my consciousness
her votes on Iraq, the Patriot Act,
the Iranian Revolutionary Guard.
I wonder if I am as anti-feminist or constantly toning.
One of those women who's jealous of other women.
Am I harder on women than on men?
After all the first qualified woman becomes president,
isn't likely to be everything a feminist would like her to be.
Am I not just practical enough to hold my nose
and go with a qualified woman?
Clinton is to be respected for intelligence, knowledge
of the issues and consistent work for social justice.
There's not one best person to be president,
no doubt in my mind if elected on most issues,
she'll make good decisions, do the best
that can be done in difficult circumstances
as whatever it's an Obama,
work to change some elements of the debacle
of the Bush years.
But her approach to Iraq makes me think she would,
she would more quickly and appropriately use
military power than other Democrats
and that's impossible to ignore.
The decision about whom this support is also based
on more subtle issues of character,
a sense of where the candidates will lead us
and how much of a socially transformative vision
for America they have.
Being a feminist means not only supporting policies
that improve women's lives,
but that lead to a new understanding of women's
and men's nature, identity and role in the world.
It means an unrelenting attention to questions
or exclusion marginalization and leveling the playing field.
Asking whether Clinton is that person
isn't just a fair question, it's the feminist question.
And answering that, the history of
centrist Democrats and Clinton is must be confronted.
Now I've never been a centrist Democrat
and everything I've seen of Clinton is
when the Democratic Leadership Council confirms
that women are far down on their priority lists.
But there must be some small space in the political world
in which women are important.
It's also not to say that Clinton doesn't care about women.
Of course she does and she's supported
and will support many policies that improve
women's health employment and education.
Perhaps one here's a little of that commitment
on the campaign trail because it's assumed
that the woman candidate doesn't have to talk
about those issues.
But whatever the reason, there's no evidence
that Clinton's feminist history currently influences
her thinking about women or that it's any further advance
than Obama's in Edwards thinking.
The sad fact is that Clinton's felt compelled
to run as a stereotypical male.
In her own mind, it's only a certain kind of man
who's qualified to be present and she will be that man.
Tough on everything from war, flag burning,
kids access to video games, illegal immigrants
and Palestinians.
She's missed the opportunity to talk about
what it really means for women to be equal in the country.
She's shown no interest in using her extensive
international experience for pushing more
for women in party leadership, state legislatures,
need in the Senate.
A woman candidate who considered her gender as strength
as opposed to something she needed to overcome
would announce a series of measures specifically designed
to ensure that women's needs and rights
were at the forefront of her agenda.
For example, she might begin following the European example
and create a cabinet post on women.
In addition to outlining your foreign policy
and foreign affairs, she might write about women
from a thoroughly modern perspective.
As important as they are, there's nothing new about
talking about issues such as violence against women
or research on women's health issues
or funding family planning at home and abroad.
We need a candidate who advocates for the economic benefits
that a woman all over Europe and increasingly
women in developing countries have better supports
for the retirement of women who don't work outside the home,
paid family and medical leave,
expansion of social security benefits
to spouses mostly women.
And we need a feminist candidate for president who isn't afraid
of issues such as gay marriage adoption
and America's changing attitude toward women's sexuality
and all sexuality.
When John Edwards stepped up to the podium
to concede victory to Barack Obama,
he said, the one thing that is clear here in Iowa
is that the status quo lost and change won.
I don't want a feminism that's part of the status quo
and so I don't want the first woman president
to be a clintonian.
Every time Hillary Clinton puts on the mantle
of the Bill Clinton presidency and reminds us
of how important it is to be practical
and work with the other side to get things done,
I think of every cowardly practical choice at Bill Clinton
or should I say the Clintons together made.
The Don't As You Don't Tell sell out of Gays in the Military,
the abandonment of Lani Guneer,
a failed healthcare reform package that would have sacrificed
women's reproductive health to the Catholic Church's
demands as moral arbiter, a welfare reform bill
that actually hurt poor women and their families
and presidential approval of a permanent ban
on Medicaid funds for poor women's seeking abortions.
The women's movement along with other progressive movements
developed a little change in the Clinton administration
to live up to its campaign promises
and now it seems that the long time women's movement
is falling into the same trap over Hillary Clinton's candidacy.
Just read the feckless and stale defense of Clinton's record
on the war, posted in the National Organization
for Women's Websites,
to get a sense of how welling some of the feminists
have started to defend any woman, regardless of her track record.
But some women aren't buying it.
We'd like to see a woman president born anything we want to be
able to say at the end of the first woman's tenure
in the high-spirited school office that it really mattered
that the first woman president did things
that no man would have done,
that feminist values were at the core for decisions
and that the country was on the road
to further transformation.
What's his name?
The best talent.
His new politics is 4.30 to 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes.
Oh
I don't feel the need for all
I spend billions of
Nazi boys
When you need to have
their chance to enjoy white water
Now just a memory
Henry!
Henry, the dozen ever to
Nelson
The women lost their
damnstivery
Henry, my love, get some
Yeah, hot hot hot hot
Hot boy, can you see her, honey?
Well, hell, yes, I do
Hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot hot
Hot boy, can you see her
Oh, you're challenging
And I'll do a step
Well, say, oh, you do
Hot hot hot hot hot
Hot terrified
American car 
Hot hot hot hot hot hot slut
Hi, no
for a
a
H
Photographer
Andreas
You're fair.
H-I-I-L-A-R-Y!
K-E-R-E!
K-E-R-E!
134-26-0-2 at 560 W-D-Q-A-M.
943 votes on your poll, Chris.
What a shame.
We made the thousand Ag guarantee.
I bet you your life on it.
Oh well.
We made a thousand if it weren't for that horrible.
Hey, hey.
What is it going, hey?
Hey, hey, hey.
At the press conference with the new Tony Suprano.
It often's 85th new coach this decade.
In an effort to help Senator Larry Craig, the ACLU is arguing that people have sex and public bathrooms.
Have an expectation of privacy.
Oh, oh, oh.
Well, what?
There's an expectation of privacy.
I think it's just her stall routine, if you ever want to.
Ah, ha, ha.
Craig Mato is asking the Minnesota Court of Appeals to let him withdraw his guilty plea to disorderly conducts sending from his bathroom sex sting at the Minneapolis Airport.
I bet it's stung.
How's that ever happened to you?
Tickle here.
Have you ever had sex sting?
It's a matter of fact.
Not that I can recall.
Okay.
How about you?
No, no, no, no.
Don't let me.
The ACLU filed a brief Tuesday supporting Craig.
It said in a Minnesota Supreme Court ruling 38 years ago that found that people who have sex and closed stalls in public restrooms have a reasonable expectation of privacy.
That means the state can't prove Craig was inviting another cover officer to have sex in public the ACLU wrote.
The Republican Senator was arrested June 11 by another cover officer who said Craig tapped his feet and swiped his hand under a stall divider in a way that single he wanted sex.
Craig is denied that saying his actions were misconstrued.
The ACLU argued that even if Craig was inviting the officer to have sex, his actions wouldn't be illegal.
The government can't prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Senator Craig was inviting the other cover officer to engage in anything other than sexual intimacy that would not have called attention to itself in a closed stall stall in the public restroom.
The ACLU wrote in his brief the fact that the walls of the stall were like banging and clanging and practically falling down.
That wouldn't have brought anybody's attention either and that there may have been groaning and groaning sounds inside.
Right.
Maybe they were going to do it very quietly.
Yeah, not if you do it right.
The ACLU also known that Craig was originally charged with interference with privacy which it said was an admission by the state that people in the bathroom stole expect privacy.
Craig at one point of course that he would resign but now he's finishing his term maybe which ends in next January 2009.
Got a year to go.
They're just stolen for time.
948.
What a shame man that breaks my heart.
Yeah, play the rimshot.
Yeah, there you go.
Play the rimshot.
Let's play some bongo music in the back which reminds me that Jackson's back today and of course I'm sure he's going to have lots to say.
I'm going to tune in for the opening bit.
What?
You know you got to hear that opening bit.
No, no, I'm going to lunch today at two o'clock.
I'm going to go and have me a nice private lunch.
I don't know what you.
What do I want?
Burger, no bug.
I got to do something about that blood sugar man.
I've looked at this and it's been so bad for like months for months.
I thought you got it down.
When was that?
About three years ago.
About six months ago.
Yeah.
It's been bad, really bad.
Ask me if I had more ice cream yesterday.
You know what kind of hot gondas I had yesterday?
What kind of hot gondas did you have yesterday?
Caramel cone explosion.
It sucks.
Don't why you have it.
Because I didn't know it sucks.
And the worst part of the deal is it's not one of the really new flavors.
Have you noticed that Ben and Jerry's...
Or, and it's known, it's...
I'm backwards, see.
I'm thinking about Ben and Jerry's.
That's right, it's Hogan does.
And that's why it's sucked.
It was watery and it sucked.
But the Ben and Jerry's container is the logo.
The whole thing is different now in the new flavors like the glob-gob father.
Oh god, yes, let's see.
You people that bought Ben and Jerry's menu ought to be on death row.
And actually they're doing me a favor.
I mean, once in a while I find like a chocolate, a New York super-fudge chunk or something like that.
I can handle that.
That'll pacify me, you know.
We'll have 10 minutes.
But generally speaking, those new ones with those real kind of like...
They look like kitty stuff, you know?
Like...
Yeah, I mean...
No.
Kitty what?
Kitty crap?
Like for little kids, the botches, the containers, like little kids don't go out and buy ice cream.
Do they buy the pint?
Nobody I know.
Maybe that's why little kids weigh 600 pounds and I'll get them diabetes.
Oh, there's your buddy, Mitt Romney.
He's been such trouble and that there is such identification with the Democrats.
And that's Carl Bernstein.
There's no way they'll around it.
So, this year is just because of things like that.
Yeah, I think you have to still look at McCain as the front runner because he's got some more substance to him.
And it's in his cheek, whatever the substance is in his cheek.
Maybe he's got a big child coming here, huh?
Or a big child of tobacco.
Think?
Could be?
Maybe if the final Republican debate is going to spit a big gob of tobacco juice out of Mitt Romney.
What do you think?
That could be it.
That might be what puts him over the edge, man.
All right.
Anyway, 949 votes on the poll.
We're going to fall a little bit short and only because of Tony soprano.
Thank you.
Thanks, Joe.
You ladies, you're welcome.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'll do fine.
I'll do fine.
I'll do fine.
I'll do fine.
Here's your turn.
I'll do well.
I'll do well.
I'll do well.
I'll do well.
I'll do well.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
I'm proud of you.
Okay, 16 goes through now. Let me ask you a stupid question. You know that bit you played
allegedly off a chicken ex disc this week that you played earlier? Yes. That's not on
my disc, I don't believe. What should it be? It's called Jesse Jackson Lee. Oh, that's
what it's called. I don't even know what it was. I just saw him in the hall of great guy.
Who's that? Jacks? Yeah. Very nice shot. He's got a lot of interesting things to say
off the air. You'll over here in the show. He'll be reading the heat stats, I'm sure.
Well, you've got some nerve, man. What? Criticizing that show? No, just in general. Okay, yeah,
do. Anyway, speaking of the reason I played that
die-bowl computer, this new handshirt today began the process of weight counting the
Democratic ballots cast in last week's primary. Shortly before 8 o'clock this morning, the
ballots that had been stored in Manchester were loaded on the hand trucks to begin the
journey to Concord. The recount was requested by a little Dennis Cousinich who paid 27
grand of his own money to these or of somebody's money to the Secretary of State to begin
the recount. The big thing I think is to determine if the paper ballot count to hand count matches
the machine total, say, the manual crazner and observer for the Cousinich campaign. Cousinich
is questioned the integrity of the voting process, citing rumors of problems that led to
disparities between hand counted and machine counted votes. The recounts expected to take
some time. In other words, you should live so long. Secretary of State Bill Gardner told
observers they have the right to see every ballot. As you sit there, make sure you not
or give an indication before they go into the next ballot card and they're said, not
or just not off or just pull up your eyelid and your eyeball pop out like the judge in
Palm Beach as you're looking for the hanging Chad. Along with the Cousinich campaign,
representative of some of the Civil Recloan campaign and others who said they're interested
in fair elections or observing the recount. Well, since when is Civil and Civil and Bill
interested in fair elections, now that they're trying to deprive all of them, service workers
and vagus from voting on the Saturday mean dark folks? It's just unbelievable the crap
that they're pulling. That's one thing about Civil and her campaign and her husband,
they're going to win at any cost no matter what they have to do no matter how long they
have to stoop. Makes me lose my respect for him. They're political creatures. Yes. And
he's also be tracked through the process and Cousinich could end it at any time. He asked
that it start with Manchester districts which were cut it by machines. He said he doesn't
expect the recount to change his vote count much. Not his. State Democratic chairman Rae
Buckley said he also doesn't think to be count. Well, show any dramatic change. But Lee,
it believes it serves a valuable purpose. Just like flipper, he was a valuable purpose. Oh,
I think Sandy was a lot more valuable. But then again, how's Luke Alpin doing by the way?
Still a lot. How's he good? What? I don't know. It I think spot checking really proof
to the vote is a new Hampshire that the votes are correct. Correct. A counter correctly.
You said I think it's not only an important thing for the people in New Hampshire, but
across the country. Republican Albert Howard of Michigan has asked for recount of the
Republican ballots, but hasn't paid for it yet. Carter said that if Howard comes up
with the money later is office over considerably request. Let's start counting them over
and over until we get the result that we like. And then if we don't get them, we'll go
out of the Supreme Court and make sure that George Bush's friends say, stop the recount,
stop the vote, you know, like that. Don't we have a bit called stop the vote? Yes, stop
the count. Something like that.
Stop the count is all we've done. It's more, it's more, it's more, it's up. Stop the count.
Anybody who lived through that, just, you know, you have to shake your hand. How can
anybody have any confidence in it? Anybody's vote counts anymore, right? Right. Especially
that's right. I had about that drunk that jailbird from Diebold. It just bunch of crooks.
You go to vote and then a bunch of crooks count them and then do whatever they want and
throw out the ones they don't like. And then they come up with whatever result that they
could pay off to come up with. That's alleged, of course. Everything is alleged. Just like
our general managers and idiot alleged. No, I don't think it's alleged. It's a fact. Even
you would agree with that. Well, I told you. Yeah, you did. But you just look at how close
Chris is there with this thousand votes, man. You must be tearing up a little bit. That
little, right? Just a little bit. A little bit. 968 on the Mark Huckabam. It's not the greatest
pull question in the world, but it's worth asking now that he might be your next president.
God forbid. God forbid. You don't want the constitution of man, baby. He wants the constitution
of the living God, the living God as in the living God. Yeah. The living God. You know,
you listen to these religious nuts. And I apologize for the redundancy there. But you listen
to the crap that they spew. You wonder how come that they're running around on the loose?
Why aren't they put away somewhere in a rubber room so the rest of us can be safe? I wish.
If all the religion is to put away somewhere, I mean securely. The world would be a safe
place in which to live. And of course, all the gunnots, generally, they turn out to be
the same people. You read these stories about these punks to go out and shoot up a whole
family or whatever. Well, they were a Bible-fearing, a God-fearing, Bible-thumping family. It went
to church every Sunday. Yeah. That's your help a lot. Maybe they were molested by the
preacher man. You never know. Maybe they pissed him off and fired him off. I have no idea.
Can I say that? Fire him up? Sure. For now. Well, call up Joyce and see if they're
going to. You know, you might just make it. I don't think so, though. It's going to be
so close to be really aggravating because now I see they're like bunching up with chunks
of votes coming in here to try to help us out. They're trying to put you over the top
Chris. Well, what are you going to do next year? 15 minutes to make up for that press
call? No. 9.72. You're only 28 votes short and we got like 10 minutes to go. And tomorrow
is a big day, man. Tomorrow is a big, big, big ass day. Sure is. We got the food coming
in from highlight cafe, which is a fabulous place. Great place. Yes, it is. And before that,
10 o'clock tomorrow morning, we've got the book, the book. Not when they talk about the
good book. We hope it's a good book. Sometimes it's a good book since Jolly Joe came along.
It's been mostly a bad book. Been really a disaster. He is the master of disaster. Now, this
book is for let's see, October, November, December, right? It's hard to figure out who was
a hopper was still around and jerks was still on the morning show with Joe, right? But
I think Joe, Joe was, he was here for the whole book. I believe it. When did he come
back September, September? So he was here for the whole fall book. I mean, granted, he's
no kidney and bowl morning show, but then again, who is? 9.77, man, you got our, I don't
know, a marginal shot. If all the people that voted before would do it again, just help
Chris out because he's underpaid, under appreciated and under, you know, when it comes to IQ.
Well, he did change that. Who's my, could be thinking that was a nice comeback. 31 people
said that, by the way. 31 people said, who the hell is my cockaberry? Who's that jackass?
Who's that Bible thumping cretin? That lunatic, that flattereth a whole? That's who he is.
He's a Bible thumping cretin on up job and a Republican, of course, which I guess goes
hand-grain to the hand. So they've had three primaries now in caucuses and they got
McCain, one, one and Romney, one, one and Huckaberry, one, one. So they just can't make up their
mind with a stellar group like that. And of course, the Democrats, they had a peer and
Barack one won and then Hillary allegedly won the second one. And last night, it was, you
know, Hillary, Hillary beat nobody and only got 55% of the vote against nobody. That's
kind of scary, you know, like I just say why shouldn't take her name off of it? Because
she's a bitch, she's a conniving bitch and because you want to give the appearance, just
like with this Florida thing coming up, all of their all going to be on a ballot. It's
a cosmetic thing. They want the Clinton campaign. They want to give the impression that
she's just sweeping her way to victory now. She's on her way and she won a big, big industrial
state Michigan, but a beat bit of a, but she only got 55% of the vote against nobody, against
microwave and little Dennis Cassidich and undeclared, undecided, unimpressed. Good, God
swallery, that's pretty weak. So we'll see what happens in the bad onset of it. Aren't
you getting excited about this? Not. I'm getting excited about that food tomorrow. And I'm
getting excited about that book tomorrow morning because I think we got an outside shot.
We got 980 on your poll. Outside shot for some bonus money, baby, which would be really
sweet.
I'd say this with every project, 4.560 QAM, fourts later.
If I have a towel, you're put your, you're scary.
986, you need 14 more votes and you got three minutes. I don't know if you can do it or
Give it a shot. Okay, everybody vote for Chris. Come on everybody. We're not
George don't care. He's like I
Our
Went to
Stupid head, right through the turn
You lay out, yes, right by the building
Who knows?
That okay, there's more love,
It's never even worth it
9.95, I think you're gonna do it
Choice won't let me go, yeah
Choice won't let me go
9.96
Choice won't let me go
Oh
I don't wanna hear anyone's life
But just that's about me
Anybody else when I die
Or I'd ask you
I'd take every step
And I'd tell a day you'd pay
Or buy me
I'd tell you to destroy me
Or be sure to keep this thing
9.98
Choice won't let me go
I'd tell you, I'd tell you
I'd tell you, I don't know
Crousers now
Oh, can't lay no more parts
You know we can't lay no parts
9.98, like I say
You're gonna come up short
Stop sometimes and write
The top time
Don't work
Don't work
Go go
Wake up
Go go go
Bye, bye, bye
