The music's pressed on the top.
And happy Tanooka everybody. Happy Hanukkah.
Even the button came to life in the North. Can't they?
It's that great.
Yep, what's up? Tell me.
Are you nodding?
Oh yeah.
The biggest name.
I'm home to the present talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560WQAM.
I'm my M.A. Ford Lauder Dale.
Well, the jazz really sucks, you know.
560WQAM presents the new song of hell.
It's the new song of hell.
It's the new song of hell.
560 in Dave and Howard.
In other comedic papers, you'll have to go into 7778.5 Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T and Verizon Wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests or his colleagues.
Don't get all nutty, nutty, and so is the WQAM management.
Just a damn for sponsors.
Now, the Neil Rogers show on 560WQAM.
There's a new reality show that's marching on your TV just in time from the holidays.
Santa Boot Camp.
All right, lady.
You think you got what it takes to be a mall Santa Claus?
Ho, ho, ho, ho, sir!
Don't call me, sir!
I'll work for 11th.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Sargent!
Santa boot camp.
Twelve contestants focused on one goal.
But only one will make it as a mall Santa Claus.
All right!
You pathetic crinkle wanna be, sir, tooth skinny.
And oh, 600 hours, we will begin for spinning.
You will eat, and you will get fat.
Is that understood?
Ho, ho, ho, ho!
Sargent!
I can hear you!
Ho, ho, ho, ho! Sargent!
Be among the few, the proud, the viewers who can actually sit through an entire hour of Santa boot camp.
Goal ski! That beard is on cooking! Drop and give me 20! You make me laugh, it's fine of myself!
Who will be all they can be? Who will earn the rank of all Santa Claus? Find out on Santa boot camp!
1002 at 560 WQM Happy Hanukkah, Mary Christmas, Happy Kwanza, etc.
But we're still here at Georgia's on vacation this week, he got a good deal.
So it's just Tubby and me, aren't you lucky that we got these two weeks of vacations?
Aren't we all lucky that we still have Tubby with us? But of course after the first of the year, well, off to the low bye-bye.
You never know, they might have a change of heart. If they had a heart, oh guess who died?
Who? Former Major League pitcher, dies at the age of 63, Pittsburgh pirates pitched an oh-hitter for the pirates under the influence of acid, LSD.
Doc Ellis, oh I've heard him. What? I thought I've heard of him. You've heard of him. Yeah. Never saw him play, but you know.
He later after pitching the oh-hitter under the influence of acid later fiercely spoke out against drug and alcohol eviction.
He died Friday, he was 63. He died at the USC Medical Center in Los Angeles, his wife, HJORDIS, Hurtis.
Is that how you say that? Sounds good to me. How else would you say? I have no idea.
Oh, that's a strange. It's a tremendous loss to the family. She said he's been struggling for about a year with the end stages of liver disease, liver disease.
Sounds like booze to me and drugs. Oh, poor Doc. Those are the days, man. Doc Ellis.
1968 to 79. He went 139, with a 3.46 year race. But most of his career were the pirates. He went 19 in the eye and 71 were the Pirates won the series.
Well, I was such a big, big Pirates fan those days because I used to listen to all the games on KDKA with Bob Prince and Ellie King and Jim Woods.
In 1970, Ellis overcame eight walks to pitching oh-hitter in the first game of a double-header against San Diego.
Seven years after he retired, the right-hander said he was high on LSD during the victory. So while you pictures out there having a tough go,
and drop a little acid, a little sugar cube in the in the throat. At a time when drugs raised, other issues in American society were colliding with baseball.
Ellis was off at the forefront. He spoke his mind and stood by what he said while playing with likes of Willie Starrgill, Dave Parker, more drugs and Roberto Clemente.
He didn't take nothing from nobody right. Said he was very much ahead of his time. Who's right? Right. Whoever that is.
No, he's a former agent, Tom Reich. He played on four Pirates teams that won the NL East, also pitched for the Yankees, Oakland, Texas and the Mets.
The Yankees hired Ellis in 1986 to offer guidance to their minor leagueers on drugs and alcohol abuse. Well, his liver.
His liver gave out. It was only 63, just a young, young man. And now he's dead.
We got a little something for the holidays and thanks to whoever sent me the link to it. I usually don't do links as you know.
But this one, it's called what? This one is definitely worth it. This one was definitely worth the price of emission.
Sock and awe. It's called you'll find it on our website on theorages.com. Right beneath the cartoons and right above Brady Quinn taking the shower.
It's called sock and awe. And it gives you the opportunity to throw have a whole bunch of chances to throw a shoe at the evading George Bush.
It's beautiful. It's a wonderful thing. Sock and awe. Click on it and have a good time with it.
Now this week, you think, I mean, does anybody really think there's going to be like a regular show this week?
Not that we have regular shows anymore, but even more irregular. No. It was kind of moving in that direction more and more toward the end of last week.
And then of course, Friday, it really, it really blew. For example, on our emails, thanks to Charlie B in a couple of other people for some polls, by the way, but that's all we got.
I think I got one or two here in my very small pile. And after that, that's it.
Because they're busy, man. They got the holidays. They're busy. Everybody's busy.
Son of China. Oh, man. Oh, did we have snow here on Friday? We had a big snow storm. There's about a foot of snow on the ground.
Yeah, cold here. This weekend. You had what? It was kind of cold here too. I think it was going to say, oh, and the windshield like Friday night was minus 25 Celsius. Wow. Yeah.
It's been freezing and we have another snow storm coming tomorrow night. I think, but you don't care about that. Cast your novel. We'll tell you all about Toronto weather.
People so is the original. What? Oh, it's serious. I got open at 12 cents this morning. Let me go. What? Let me go buy some. Yeah.
So I'm looking at the schedule for this week. And it's a good thing that you know your crap.
Because I see on Thursday, which is Christmas day. And of course, none of us are working on Christmas day.
From 10 to 2. We got Jesse Agler and Spectre. What's his name? Bush Inspector.
Brian Spectre. Brian Spectre. And then from 2 to 415 before the Celtics Lakers backsyball game. We got Mike Levine. Well, I thought it was Mike Levine.
See, that's just like Goldstein and Goldstein. I must have person tells you how they pronounce it. You really just by the spelling.
You don't know how to pronounce it could be Levine, but it could be Levine. So I said to Tubby before the show. I said, who the hell is Mike Levine?
Because back in 1977 when I was a K. A. T. early days in South Florida radio. Mike Levine didn't have to know the show. He followed me.
He was a Katie Hay and Pittsburgh. He was the forerunner to that one. He was like Mo only with with real hair. You've been throught by them for a while. Huh? What? Oh, yeah. They follow me.
And ego the size of Mount Rushmore. I mean, just a humongous and a very pedantic way of speaking. It's the Mike Levine show. He was a very bizarre guy. Strange. Strange. And now he's dead. I googled it. So anyway, it's Mike Levine.
Who's one of our upcoming budding sportscasters. So Tubby tells me. Yep. Very good guy. Very good on the air. Well, good. We actually have somebody who belongs on the air. Let's hear it. Mike Levine. Welcome to QA. Mike.
Although if you're like a real broadcast, you probably won't stick around too long.
So he's going to be on Thursday from two to four 15. I might actually come in here and listen to you. Think no. You should. I'll tell you I'm going to be doing another joy.
I'm going to be doing a repeat performance here momentarily. Well, I just leaned into, you know, the little experiment. Luckily, nothing.
Sock and awe on our website. Take a look at it and throw as many shoes as you wanted. I'll present a. Here's the poll from. Oh, look at that. We did a thousand five votes over the holiday weekend. How do you like that? That's not too shabby. You know what?
All right. Oh, yeah, but we're doing 45,000 here on the Jorge Siddano show you. Just keep making up stupid numbers. Okay. Why not say 20 million. What would you miss or what do you miss the most?
Full service gas stations on a pat myself on the back. That was my choice. I added to the poll. Right? Yes. Yep.
Had you put it on there right to the start of the show and it was hands down your pants. 198. Full service gas stations.
New Jersey still has us. What? New Jersey still has us. I want to go to Jersey. They can take their service and their gas and stick it. Not a horrible place.
Anybody in the audience member Mike Levine from WKAT and of course more likely from KDK a real radio station. Record stores 134.
Payphones 71 this jockey 68 books. Doris 58 telephone operators 44 turn tables 40 porn actors 37. I don't understand why that's on the pool.
I mean, are they ever going to disappear or? I wasn't sure about that one either, but who knows? Maybe the.
The US Postal Service 36 print and cinematic porn 30 carburetors 30 film cameras 28. There's only 400 choices on here. It'll take us till midnight.
Drummers 21 repair guys 20 pimps displaced by cell phone in the web 19 VCRs 18 vacuum tubes cubes 18 recording in this V14 wired telco's 12.
Consent and real to real record is 12. Bosh remiss those old real to real. I had a web core real to real recorder. I took it with me everywhere. It was great.
Code act another film stock makers 10 yellow pages nine typewriter's nine bank tellers eight.
Browse shopping seven travel agency seven conventional watchmakers six video stores six slide rule six printing press makers five book publishing five.
Stenographers five stock brokers for total collectors three. Slade by the easy pads type setting three. Courier messenger services to a book finders had two.
Wow. Oh, there's Rod bug lawyer which five federal prosecutors. Oh, yeah, with a bad hair. He looks at talented. That's Dan major. I'm guarantee you.
That's staying in another lifetime. So Mike Levine is dead. He died in 1998 August 98. I never would have known that until I got that thing on the schedule there.
Mike Levine. The Dow's down 41. Do I dare take a look before we get into this pool. By the way, don't expect here too much from me or tubby all week long.
I'm digging out just like that first bit. I don't think anybody ever heard that one before the Santa Claus bootcamp. I hadn't. I hadn't either. I don't think I ever played that.
I got all the old ACN stuff. In fact, I do have one email here. Somebody enjoyed all the stuff we I played on Friday. So get used to a lot more of it this week. Let me look serious.
You know what we should play? What ain't no part sounds. Uh-huh. Well, you got nothing to lose. You're leaving anyway. Exactly. Yeah. I'll screw you. No, thank you.
Missy loves company. You see that's how it goes. He's getting screwed over. Oh, it's back up to 13. All right. It was down to 12 cent and serious. Thank God is back up to 13 cent.
What's the biggest name? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No
No. No. This is called that? It's called... He's called it? It's called it? He's called it? No. That's weird. It is called it? The... the... the... The think said that.. I sent somebody near for me. Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Bye, bye bye. Bye. Bye. Mmm.
here to get clean. Oh, I don't know. You work around here? I'm a waiter but
actually I'm an actor. Yeah, yeah, I know. It's the top. You probably need to rely on it.
Oh, I'll say, but you know with everything it's the news and all it's to pay. You can start
relaxing right now for your way. I brought something. She and freeway. Not just any
sheet either. Look. Wow. Gold. A man. Pretty kicky condom. But here's the most
important part freeway. The Pro-Teched Label. Pro-Teched? Huh? Aren't those in
Doris by the City Council of San Francisco? Absolutely. You know the Pro-Techs
Logan doger. I sure do. Certified, safe by the city by the Bay. Well, what do you say?
Darn. Look at that. I dropped the soap again. I'll get it. You bet your life he will.
And with confidence because freeway and spick it have condoms sense. Don't let worry
spoil those chance meetings in public showers. Always carry Pro-Teched.
The Pro-Teched. So they won't send you a refund.
The Pro-Teched condoms. A division of Black, Black, House, and Garden,
Pets and Control Division. Keeping situation safe since 1887. QAM Hello. Hello. Hello.
I'm sorry. I think I've got a number. Who are you calling? I was calling for the
Dawkins. Nine-five-four. Yeah. Four-five-two. Seven-thousand. Thank you. You're welcome.
Happy hot. Oh, she already hung up. She heard my voice and she knew right away. She had
the wrong number. Sorry, wrong number. That's our only call for the day. If we take one
here early and probably all week, that'll be it. Honika and Christmas week are you
kidding me? I'll show you some. No. I'm talking about real calls. Just like the email. I
haven't had one real email from one real listener so far. I have Jimmy Cifilist, though.
The fake Jimmy Cifilist is we're still rejoicing in the great trends that came out on Friday
and another Miami-Dolphin's victory. We won eight out of nine and are soon to be
ASEE's champions. Yeah, sure. Is your tail still between your legs? No. Patriots
won 47 to seven yesterday. They thrashed a demolished Arizona. Are you gonna play
the wreck again today? Yes. Jimmy, who's listening religiously lucky does like she does
every day. You fairy. You fairy. That AQYM. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes. When are you gonna start talking about cruising in the 80s and in the 70s?
Why not? Because you're an idiot. You're an idiot. Turn off.
WDQYM. Hello. I think you, sir, and Mary Christmas. Oh, no, not you. You want to buy
a more of you? Mario from Hialeah Lunatic. I think you. Yeah. I think you, sir.
Hey, sir. Yeah, sir. Remember him, Mario, crazy person. Unfortunately, death threat.
Crazy. But he's still listening. See, one thing about those trends that came out on Friday
approves conclusively that Jolly Jo Bell is gonna finish the job before they finally boot his fat ass
out of here. He'll give us all down to a point. Nice, even the number. You know, we get those bigger
numbers they're hard to work with. But he gets those real, tiny numbers. It's easy to figure out
because divided by anything, it still comes out zero. Antiboy, Jolly Jo, you're doing it. I
think we get no diaries on this station. We just, you know what I'm saying? And of course,
across the street, they're making a big stimulus out of the fact they got two one nine's,
you know, I mean, nobody is doing a number. Nobody doing sports is doing a number. I wonder
why that is. You think maybe because the format is finito, you think that possibly could
be it? No, it's got to be something else. Oh, Q. I. M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil,
just wanted to say happy Hanukkah. George, Mary Christmas. George isn't here. Oh, George
is not there. Well, George is on vacation this week. Oh, he's on vacation. He's a splatter
this week. Very good. That's all I wanted to say. Just have a good holiday. Enjoy yourself. Keep
warm. Well, back to you. Okay. Keep warm. Are you kidding me? Oh, my God. What's the temperature?
Minus 11 Celsius right now. The high is going to be minus six. Oh, but the sun is shining. It's
sitting inside and you look out the window and oh, my God. Looks like a picture perfect day.
And you walk outside and you absolutely turn into a, but you know what? I'm not complaining. I have
no complaints. It's fine. Oh, we're fine. WQ. A. M. Hello. You're fine. I'm your friend. I like you. You're my
Q. A. M. Hello. Hello. Yes. I'm coming. Yes. How are you? Great. How are you?
Uh, you know, getting through a pretty horrible year, but we got through it. And
this is going to be I guess the standard call today just to wish you. I know George is out there
and track Chris there. He's there, right? Yes, there. Wish you all happy holidays. Let me ask
your question. Are you listening to the show? I just put it on right now as we stick. Okay.
Right now as we stick, I put it on. Okay. I'll be whatever you're celebrating. Likewise, and
hopefully someday we'll get the real Neorodger show back. Never happen. Never. Real wishful thinking.
Yeah, exactly. See you. Yeah. Never going to happen. Well, what is with these people? I keep
telling you what you hear now. This is it. This is what they will allow us to do. This is Joe
Bell's version of the Neorodger show. Joe Bell and Jolly Joyce and the Beasley's edited version
of the Neorodger show. This is it. Okay. And all these people. Oh, gee, the body of fallen.
You know, if you can only do this is where we are. And I came here to collect the paycheck
twice a month. And believe you me, I will continue collecting it for another week and then five
years more after that. Every single check I will collect. How do you like that for determination
and stubbornness? Sounds good. Because I'm a fat old stubborn, fat Jew. That's why. And I will be
here. Oh, gee, but it's. And some of these people having nervous breakdowns over the fact that we
can't play that you know something life goes on. Unless, of course, I have no life. Unless that's
your problem. I have no life. Q. I. M. Hello. I need a plan. I do. W Q. I. M. Hello.
Good morning. Good morning. When is this? The pads are great. Yes, they are. The easiest
win I've ever had in a thousand years yesterday. I don't know how they're doing it though. I mean,
are they really this good? I just I don't understand it. Well, I bet you their record in the cold weather
and snow is like 90% or something like that. But you know, this show your show, unfortunately,
when they got rid of that, he's to play once a year Christmas that farting thing. Yeah,
that was the end. The farting post. I think that's when they started cutting it. It was like a 20-minute
routine. It was the bad. Yeah, we're cutting it. Yeah. All right. Thanks, Dale. Okay.
Well, what did he just say? Do you have any idea? I've no idea. Alan and Woodbridge, Virginia,
sent me the only email over the weekend Sunday, 3.33 pm right in the middle of all-in football games.
And by the way, nobody's mentioning the fact that the dolphins just they they tried to give it away.
Nice go on Ricky Fumble it again, you idiot. Oh, that was a fumble. It was a fumble. And the reason
it was a fumble because it was called a fumble on the field and the replay official upstairs,
they couldn't find the evidence. Yeah, it was a coincidence. The well, there you go. I know. The fact
of the matter is the ball was on the ground. They tried to lose the game. They tried to blow to a
little girl's team Kansas City, which actually had them down. What was it like? 31 21 or
some like one point or they had them down. Yes, it did. That I think 31 24 or whatever the hell it was.
And they tried this way and the same thing with Oakland. There's a team. The Patriots beat by
600 points and the pay in the dolphins just sweet. And I grant you, I'll get you out. I'll give
you a five is a hell of an improvement over one 15. However, JETS UCK or are they bad? Wow. What
have I been telling you all year long about the national media? I mean, he'll be Jets are O and
four against the AFC West, which it's a one just to lose to Seattle to lose to a little girl's team.
Brett Farve, man, I'm to you know something they had a better your fendington would have stayed
there. And of course the dolphins, you know, two and three two and thirteen.
I mean, with John Dreck, but they locked out that they they ought to kiss Brett Farve's ass when they go to
New York next week before the game they ought to make him take his panties down all the
dolphin people the organization should kiss his ass. Well, hopefully Netflix they'll sack Brett
Farve a couple times and each time they sack him, I think the Jets are going to kick their ass.
Not I'm sure they're not, but I just want to say that because then the pants have got a real chance.
They still got a chance for the Ravens to lose. What? And you got to be Buffalo. Oh, get out of here. Buffalo.
Oh, please, please. Anyway, Alan Woodbridge Virginia said I can't the last hour of the show.
Let me tell you it was a gem, especially the continued loop of musical parodies that was great.
Play the rack many of them I had never heard, even though I've been listening for
when I can for more than 20 years. And since I don't live in Florida anymore, the internet keeps
me connected that back in jail again ball into basket. Joyce won't let me slam in Duncan donuts.
Police got my pot sequence and puffed the magic crap for everything else that rounded out.
They always want it should be for sale release part of the talk radio hall of fame and one day how to be a master of entertainment.
And even reaffirmed in my mind, you were a genuine talent unmatched by anyone anywhere.
Even though a big fan of Russian lean toward the side of conservative politics, you've taught me to ignore politics
when it comes to many aspects of life and accept them for what they are by adding appropriate humor, criticism to make them more understandable.
Whatever that means. Unlike other on your personalities, you buy far off for a wider range of hilarious
commentary and parody than anyone I've ever heard and likely will never be equal. That's right. I be the greatest.
So thanks very much for the great afternoon of radio being your tell in an unabashed self.
All hail Neil Allen Woodbridge, Virginia Allen. Oh my god.
It's not putting us down by.
You don't have no right to throw.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog Jim Mandit.
Afternoons 4-7.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
And I'll put it down again.
Afterhearts 35, most men experience decreased levels of testosterone.
But if you're like most men, you don't want to take risky pills or harmful injections.
Now you can renew your mad hood the all natural way with testosterone.
Testosterone is the one hormone enriched pasta that really sticks out.
That's right.
Now there's a way to increase your sex drive and endurance.
Hey honey, you cook up the testosterone.
I'll provide the sun to meatballs.
And best of all, testosterone can benefit the whole family, like mom.
Oh my god.
Oh yeah.
Even grandpa.
No, nothing yet.
Testosterone.
It'll do wonders for your noodle.
Still nothing.
Go wait some more day.
No, Paul Shilar.
Oh god, he come on.
1032 at 560 WQ.
What kind of a hazard?
I mean, what kind of great line of what we got for you today?
Looks pretty pristine to me.
We got the big O2 mad dog at 4.
Dolphin divided 7 unfortunately.
8 to 9.
We got Dolphin divided high school gridiron report.
On a Monday?
Wow.
And then 9 to 11.
We've got the beast.
I'm sure it'll probably be one of his last shows.
When you think?
Who knows?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I don't want to put you on a spot.
Say what?
Here's one.
A couple of emails.
Nothing exciting.
Oh, this was very nice.
Not getting many of these.
Not getting any of these.
This one.
Couple of them.
Barbara says, happy holidays.
You've been a part of our life since 1978.
And still are.
We wish you a happy and healthy 2009.
And say to you, Barbara, Vabs.
Don't forget go to one of your rangers.com
and click on that thing.
What do we call?
Sock.
Sock it to me.
Sock.
Oh, let me go back to the top.
Sock you mama.
Sock.
Sock.
What is it?
Sock and all.
Sock and all and all.
And it's right under the pole.
It is.
Yeah, we moved it up.
Took the cartoons out of there.
Good right under the pole.
You'll find Sock and all.
And see how many times you can hit George W with a shoe.
Michael says, why does WQM let mad dog take time off at the end of the year when the dolphins are in the middle of a playoff race?
Well, usually, Michael, I hate to break the news to you.
The dolphins aren't in the middle of a playoff race at the end of the year.
In fact, this is the first time in a long time.
They've done that for years and it doesn't make sense.
Let me say it again.
For years, the dolphins generally are not in a playoff race.
Come late December.
And plus it's in his contract where he only has to work so many days.
He has to work like 20 days a year.
And he's not going to work during the holidays.
Like they're getting rid of Zinfra for mode and make sense.
Lister in West Palm.
Well, guess what?
The station didn't doesn't pick the play by play people.
The teams pick like the hurricanes picked their guy and the dolphins picked their guy.
That's why Jimmy Cifilis, even though they broadcasted the dolphin games,
came over from 790 last year to us again this year.
They brought Jimmy Cifilis back because the organization wanted Miss Cifilis to win the games.
God only knows why, but then again, maybe they have bad taste.
Maybe they just wanted all X Dolphin Jocks.
All guys used to shower together in the booth.
That must be it.
And I had a spy report about Jimmy's broadcast yesterday.
Quintetubby here.
He said it was one of the all-time worst misidentifying players,
wrong names of players, all of these things.
Is that what you said?
Simple math is not his friend.
And he don't even know it.
It would be like first in 10th of the 25.
They have an eight yard run.
He'll say, oh, it's the balls on the 38-yard line.
Jimmy, get some help, Miss Cifilis.
Cifilis affects your brain, you know.
Fake emailer says, do you need a Rogers?
I finally decided to take your advice after years of hearing you were ranting rave about liquid soap.
It's not called liquid soap.
It's called body wash, fool.
As I brought it up to the register, the cashier snickered.
When I asked why, she said it was rare for a non-game man to buy liquid soap.
Wasn't that interesting?
How does he know you're not gay?
Yeah.
And when I, why would she say that it's rare for a non-game man?
This is just fake.
Oh, okay.
It says fake emailer.
And at the end, it says note the preceding email was completely fake.
Oh, I got you.
Would you relax?
Did somebody try to be funny?
Well, they're trying.
At least they sent me something.
And it was several sentences.
Took a little effort on their part.
When I brought it home, my wife asked why I had bought fags.
So then I said jokingly that I should go in for a sex change operation.
It didn't help that my mother-in-law was there at the time.
It kept calling me a fag all week long.
Then proceeded to tell my nine-year-old son not to grow up to be a fag like your father.
My family looks down on me for all this.
We'll never see me in the same way again.
Thank you, Neo, for ruining my life.
I just hope that any listeners out there heed my advice.
And never do what Neo tells you.
Note the preceding email was completely fake by the audio.
Somebody tried to be funny like, uh, uh, like that, you know.
Hey, at least they're trying.
You know, they could really tell me.
At least they made the effort to send something.
As opposed to all these people are too busy.
And by the way, Barry Jackass, fake or real, go away.
Although this might be interesting.
NBC announced next week's Jets' stuff in the showdown,
which lost some luster after the Jets' loss to Seattle,
will not be flexed into the A15 slot.
Instead, the Chargers Bronco showdown for the AFC West will be the night game.
Wow.
Jets will be, it's scheduled for 105.
Maybe move to 415 today.
Well, thanks a lot, Barry.
You're very, you idiot.
Oh, that's true.
What that?
Oh, yeah.
Who knows it could be the real, Barry?
And by the way, Barry, what a, what a lame duck you are, man.
He, he puts into calm over the weekend to think about Ken Mulder getting blown out.
Yeah, all he does, all he does is quote what Joe Bell told him, don't you have an opinion?
Don't you have something to say about such a great guy?
Yeah, don't you have the balls to write an opinion about anything.
Barry, you just sit there and write whatever that whatever.
It was the same way when Greg Reed was here.
Same thing.
Whatever these management holes tell him, he just puts it in the paper.
And that's Barry's job.
He's like a stenographer.
That's all you do, Barry.
Got no opinion, no commentary on a guy like Ken Mulder getting blown out of here.
I still can't get over that.
And of course, as always, right before the holidays, look at all the people around the country,
around North America, getting canned, getting screwed over.
Happy holidays.
And by the way, your fire did it, did it.
Kind of bull crap is that.
QAM, hello.
Any other going?
I just want to wish you a happy quanta and all the best.
OK.
Yeah, that's stories on the NFL.com.
What?
That's stories on NFL.com now, charges, broncos.
Yeah.
That they're going to be the late night game.
They're going to what?
That they are the late night game.
So I guess that's the way we're speaking of a girl's team, Denver.
How are they going to wind up in a playoffs anyhow?
That's what I'm going to understand.
Neadiocity rules.
Oh my god, losing to the bills yesterday.
I saw a lot of that game and I couldn't believe my eyes.
The bills, of course, the bills got trended words back.
He ain't no JP lose man.
Let's start with that football crap now because I can't believe you even watch football,
you fairy.
That was a great call on Friday.
That really cracks me up.
Can't don't even believe you're watching.
I watched enough football yesterday to fill your earlobe, you jackass.
And boy, those patriots man, they were, they were, it was just like the open game.
They were hit like by three touchdowns before they even, uh,
Rookas sweat.
Yeah, I looked up, uh, it's kind of hard to hold her and I was like,
what is he below zero in the snow?
But what?
I looked up in the second quarter and I saw that score and I was like, wow.
Barbara from Hollywood, Barbara, I love you and all that other, but she's got,
she's sending me all this stick.
First she sent me a long W library thing and now she's got a long poem.
Oh, hey, Barbara, have a wonderful holiday, honey.
And thanks for the memories, but no more stick lock, please.
Happy Hanukkah to our 10 Jewish listeners.
Go out there and light the menorah via, uh, give every way some Hanukkah guilt.
Now all we got is charity me polls.
We don't have anybody making the effort.
So here's today's poll I never even got to it yet.
It's because we're so, we're so tied up with all this important stuff.
If you could live during any time in the US,
30 years old, comfortable means I would, it would be during what period of time.
Do you understand that poll?
Yes.
If you'd be 30 with, uh, plenty of money.
About 30, man.
One would you want to be low?
Psyched Alex 60s to early 70s.
The sexual revolution, the perversion drugs, 194.
2050, 89.
Today, 87.
Rowing 20s, 47.
Uptight martini swilling,
Kami chasing bomb, sheltering 1950s to the early 60s, 42.
50s weren't so bad, okay?
Charlie B.
I think this is his poll.
50s weren't so bad.
We had
ASEAN Harriet,
flipper,
Reagan years, the 80s, 35,
Wild Wild West, 1827, the gay 90s,
11, and the gold rush, 1850s, only eight.
The gold rush.
I
I agree with that.
I voted for the 60s.
Knowing what I know now, see back then, I was like, uh, a naive
weight.
Like Jim and like, Miss syphilis, a naive little wave, you know.
So he was, uh, blowing all the calls in the game, Mr.
Neha.
I'm like, no, it's long gone, but he's consistent.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's in your projects.
Forty-year-five, 60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's the T.A. Joe.
We nights for being two 11.
Here I go.
I want to bang the end of the butt, honey.
Raccoon.
Come on, it's lovely whether to go back up together with you.
Charge it up, charge it up, charge it up your home.
Let's jump in the hole.
To the tune of 21st set or so.
Charge it up, charge it up to 20 grand.
Now check out my plan.
I'm writing a book and it looks like chapter 13 of
I love to hit the lottery, but I'm an unlucky old smooth.
So I guess it's lovely whether to go back up together with you.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
You.
In record stores now it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Ali McBeal purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
Yeah.
Just in time for the holidays the most unusual Christmas album ever.
All grow wind-free burps the Christmas classics.
Listen to Oprah pass gas at Christmas mass.
Oh,
all the Christmas classics available in the freezer section at
Ralph's one thing about Oprah man when he farts the whole earthquake 1047 at
560 WQM don't forget all your kids out there your parents lied there's no
Santa Claus.
There's no Santa Claus.
There's no reindeer.
There's no Rudolph.
There's all this crap.
And then that because they're necessarily bad people all the time they might be
but because their parents lied to them and because it's tradition lying you know about God.
And about Allah and all of these all of these
all of these things all these fairy tales there are fairies though and fairies can fly.
Take it from me I know.
I got one guy out there and he does a very good service for the show he sends me all the dead people.
Life thanks of him.
Yeah he sends me all the orbits.
Well I would have missed Doc Ellis that would have been bad on a sports station.
I bet you they were talking about Doc Ellis all we came along on QM what do you think?
No.
They would know Doc Ellis from Debbie Ellis from Shirley Ellis in the name game.
I got to play that Ibonics name game.
I played that the other day.
You can never play that too much though can you?
Narrow the Killamockingbird director dies Robert Mulligan known for a sensitive treatment of children and teens.
Robert Mulligan who was nominated for an Academy Award directing the 1962 film The Killamockingbird
died Saturday this home in Lyme Connecticut he was 83.
He had heart diseases nephew Robert Rosenthal said.
Robert Rosenthal
his name was Robert Mulligan and his nephew is Robert Rose Dau what if he's
kid to Rokinder Rosie Rosenthal you made the mistake.
See I don't understand that Robert Mulligan his nephew well I guess maybe it was like you know
there was some goyem in the family I don't know Mulligan is Irish Rosenthal is well we know.
Don't we know.
His first film Fear strikes I was released in 57 told the story of mentally ill baseball player Jimmy
Piersaw played by Tony Perkins hey Tony you fairy he's still dead Mulligan directed 19 more films
including the summer 42 hey Squirmy with Gary Grimey and the Jennifer O'Neal what
was the good movie do you ever see that summer 42 nope you'd like it the other and the same time
next year before capping his career 91 with something in the moon man in the moon featuring Reese
with us boon her movie debut one thing about Ruth with us boon we know because she was married to
Ryan Philippi for quite a while there correct so we know he she she saw him naked at least once
you sound jealous I beg your pardon I am Ryan Philippi and in fact there was some promo for some
flickies in the other day and they said Ryan Philippe so who knows how to pronounce his name
I changed this one day today ever see Ryan Philippe no here's one fake clearance ripping you and
ass Neil what is fat ass talking about Jimmy was just awesomested he even called players by the
numbers on their jerseys just to change it up he's saving his exciting calls for next week's
game against the jets I hate you Chris you Santa Claus wannabe happy holidays Neil fake clearance
and here's one from a very jackass I was sad to hear Ken Mulder was left go but my job is to
report the news not to add commentary bull crap like you never have commentary in your column you
are so full of garbage man he puts commentary in there all the time and usually kiss and ask for
guys that really suck too like on the NFL like little Bob Costas for example my god even as relatives
I bet hate him they're just tired of him already good got somebody step on him before it's too late
my job to report the fact no your job just to be a stenographer for the general managers
and print whatever the hell they will tell you in the paper that's all just like Greg Reed used to
give you a chapter in verse and how Joe Bell comes along even though you're on the payroll
across the street you're the in-house shield for them across the street and in spite of that
Ken Joe Bell still talks to you and that's because you're one of the few people in the media who'll
talk to Joe Bell that's what time jica told me a little timey jica he told me a real secret
about jolly joe bell you know what the secret was what's that he's got white hair he's got a little
comb over with a white hair 559 votes on the pull that's not too bad on the the Hanukkah and Christmas
and all this stuff now are you all done with your Christmas shopping no I gotta get one or two more
things I only have one one thing to buy and I don't know what to hell to buy maybe maybe I just
won't you know I gotta start looking forward to next year and those reduced paychecks man oh how
the mighty of fallen can't wait for my next email from Johnny dork here's one it says the other day
you played something for my daughter it was neat watching her laugh you created another fan she's
only nine and she looks forward to your show while school is out have a nice day thank you so much
it says from me well thank you you GOP consultant killed him plane crash was warned of sabotage
report well too bad this is one of Carl roves buddies it's boring
Neil I too had to endure the dolphins being called as I cruised to publics the dolphins had a big
game down the field and Jimmy gave the most monotonous call like it was a non factor play also in
the five minute commute I heard mandates speak a total of four words I think he's been muscled
I did notice that syphilis this voice did not have his trademark I'm taking a dump grunt
Moe was way better says Sam thanks Sam Jimmy blows it's well known dolphins will actually win
oh at the jets which is great because I hate the fins jets what I hate the oh I hate the effing
jets go off and this is a very very emotional they're getting very emotional and of course could
have come down to any more important any better more appropriate match up the fish and the jets
that hated oh what a hate a dog and sunrise is lucky to be alive after being stung hundreds of
times by huge raging swarm of bees somebody sends me this story send me something they don't
send me the lost dogs or the dogs that weren't lost oh Jimmy syphilis is back I was proud of our
call of the game in fact a few of the calls made NBC football night in America and the NFL
network website that's only because that's all they got that's all they got so that's why they
put it on there because you're doing the games Jimmy you suck don't you understand everybody in
the world knows you're eminently and totally unqualified like most of the other so-called play-by-play
broadcasters in South Florida like Randy Reddier Moore oh my god what a silly clown rippin off all
the Rick Generates lines oh top show for grandma keeps the cookies oh oh oh oh oh oh my god I'd
like to see Rick Generate come down with a hockey stick and stick it right up for a randy randy
ready uh... right up for a brandy's ass god is here jerk anyway he's another extract that's all
the extracts they're play by play man now they play by play so the channels last night driving home
after the post game and uh... other or what can I listen to and all of a sudden I put on that station
at the end of the game and I was like oh wow I forgot he was play by play there now because I have
not listened to what I'm watching whoever has the panthers uh nine forty or whatever it is seven
ninety on the water this you mean take it take it take it yeah whoever it is out of I was just
hitting the presets and going through what was there yeah go ahead and I heard him and I'm like wow
answers one by the way you know but Thomas Vokun and go yep I told you create did I tell you
create Anderson's manage got the best goals against the league yes sensational yes I have to
go and shut out the brain dead Colorado avalanche but uh... when I heard him doing play I was like I
heard him like okay yeah who's doing play by play goldiest oh no goldies on TV I was like
he does play by play now wow it's like a really really molar what's his qualification
an x-jock another non-broadcaster x-jock that's all we got x-jocks jocs and jocs and jocs and jocs and jocs
when we had the panthers I wouldn't mind taking a look at Matt Kassel's joc I beg your pardon
I'll say when we had the panthers we used to have a I guess it was on Saturday mornings
I got panthers weekly show how sad and molar you used to actually call in and sit on hold to hear
the whole thing just to kind of you know make sure nothing wrong with being said by jesse
what does that mean he literally he was supervising the show correct
even though it was never totally yeah because like he's the head of the media
relations so he was monitoring so he could come down and give jesse a spanking if he made a mistake
you made a mistake you made a mistake I wonder if he'd bring microsanthal with him from u.m. oh my
other groupies you know a radio groupie sports groupies all the groupies and groupies all the
time they're all six six six six six happy holidays by the way the bigger channel's up
to sports like you five sixty QAM the fourth leader the biggest names the best talent
you're listening to sports radio five sixty double you QAM
Hi, my amy full blutterdale this is the New Yorkers show
This is your brain
All
write
All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.
I guess I can't say cheese is gonna be going for it for a minute.
Hold your mountain, I move it to the line, marks off the signal, takes the slab,
Which ripples the slab, finds Taylor and the other touch the die!
I want a lady, I want just pointball, can't take his eyes off his TV,
He changed the world for first and goes.
When his team wins, he goes crazy, high fives the dog,
Only moves from the couch when he needs a beer.
When a man watches for it more, he screams and drops and yells and pops.
Only razes the heat gets his story in the halftime show.
That's when heads up for the cat.
When a man watches for it more, he has to have a remote control
And no other way to watch TV.
Go from one game to another, you know he's gotta see.
CBS, ESPN, the BBC, my friend.
Oh no, the game's over, now we gotta wipe 60 minutes.
Oh no, my club is suppressed this man.
I don't understand the story, neither.
I wish they'd do one on push call.
Love it on 1 at 560 WQM, happy Hanukkah, Merry Christmas and all the other stuff.
Happy Boxing Day on Friday.
Stories here open like at 3, 4 in the morning and all the big sales go on.
People just, you know how it is, like on Black Friday.
How come we can't have a Friday called White Friday?
I mean, is it a racial thing or what? Would that be bad?
Here's a stop and think about that.
Oh no, I have, but you know, but I know.
Don't say it though, it's not PC.
This email or first time emailer, well, is partly correct.
Says, thing you should probably root for would be that often Jets came to end up in a tie.
And for the Patriots to be Buffalo, that would vault in the wingland with an 11 on 5 record.
Over the 10, 5 on 1 dolphins and Jets for the division championship.
Keep up the good work of fan.
Oh, a fan, but a different fan.
I hope.
No, I mean, tie, yes.
If the Patriots went on Sunday, which they will be Buffalo easily.
And the Jets beat the dolphins over the game and it's an tie.
Either way, the Patriots win the division.
Right?
Yep.
And the game is not going to end in a tie.
I mean, once in a blue moon, like that Eagles game, we were talking about once in a, you know,
like once every 20 years are game ends in a tie.
Just don't happen much no more.
Play for a tie, play for a tie.
It's an old Michigan state knock against Notre Dame, play for a tie.
But that's, that goes back 100 years.
I don't want to bore you with that.
I'll bore you with this instead.
No, this is pretty interesting.
Our good buddy, Kenny Grammar, a radio guy in OLS, has the spy reports were absolutely correct here.
I was halfway through this one.
You mentioned the minutes ago.
Listening to the first half of the first quarter on the radio yesterday, my way to go watch the game.
I had the pleasure to listen to the radio broadcast of the dolphins game.
Jim Madison Joe Rose, aren't the best ex-jogs on the air, but they are generally likeable.
Add personnel to the call of the game.
I have no quarrel with them.
Nor do I with Jimmy Cifilis, who may be, no, no, absolutely is the worst play by play sports and answer.
I've ever heard.
Wow.
You hear that, Jimmy Cifilis, the worst he's ever heard.
And he's heard a few.
Kenny's been around a long time.
He's a grammar gamer.
But a person is who they are.
I can't begrudge him for trying, even if he fails and miserably.
This, of course, not taking into consideration his what I'm sure Rotten show on WIOD, which I'm proud to say I will never listen to.
It's right wing.
It's right wing.
All right wing all the time.
All the Anatsi's got the diaries in their last trend.
Scare America got nothing.
I got nothing.
All the right wingers got the diaries.
And QM doesn't get any diaries anymore.
We're just, we just vanished.
We disappeared.
It's the jolly joebell syndrome.
Oh, we know what ratings anyway.
It's a sports station.
We don't, you're right.
Anyway, Kenny goes down to say my problem lies with a person who's responsible for putting Jimmy Cifilis in a position he's in.
I want to know who the person is who hired Jimmy Cifilis as the voice of the dolphins and who is responsible for keeping him on the broadcast.
You know something and this is my own commentary.
It really makes you miss Moe.
You know what?
I mean, Moe is way past his prime and doing play by play.
And once upon a time was really good at it.
Excellent.
And by the time he started doing the dolphins, he, he was also calling wrong play.
He didn't know who was on first.
You know what I'm saying?
In the short time I listened to dolphins came out blazing according to Jimmy Cifilis.
The opening kickoff sounded something like he's out to the 35, 40, 45 past the 50 to the 55.
Into the dolphin's territory.
Down the Chiefs 38, 32, then he's pushed out of the boundaries.
He was then mercifully interrupted by Joe Rose who said, wow, what a start.
The very nice play where Chad Pentington ran a play action fake then handed Tedgian Jr. on reverse one something like this.
Chad heads into the line who is he handed it back weight.
Chad still, he gives it to a guy coming the end who gets it.
It's number his number is he runs to the 30 into the end zone.
It was Tedgian Jr. There wasn't a chief within 20 yards of him.
When I saw the highlights later, there were three or four opponents within arms reach.
Says Kenny.
Jimmy Cifilis has no ID is broadcasting the game on radio, which is an entirely different set of skills than for TV.
As a listener, you truly have no idea what's transferring on the field while the play is going on.
You have to wait for Jimmy to shop, stop shouting, and yes, he shouts or what is his pathetic attempt at an excited tone on every single play.
Every single play.
Jimmy sounds like an amateur radio student who heard that speaking in monotone is boring.
So a purposely and far too evidently changes the volume pitch and timber of his voice in a natural way.
It's terrible. I mean, it's terrible.
But the villain is not Jimmy Cifilis really.
It's the person who is in a position to remove Jimmy Cifilis from duties on the dolphin broadcast,
but rather continues to allow him to work.
That's the real enemy instead of having a real broadcast.
Well, well said Kenny.
I used to have a bill's infer and then we had more Howard David.
And then now we got this, this here.
Oh my God.
Starting to get some emails here.
That's how we've been playing.
Yeah, fake it.
Fakes it one way. Hands it back to number 19.
Ted Kim has got a call down the side line.
The end zone on the reverse.
One play 31 yards.
The worst call and then just be in the national football.
You stop it.
Number 19.
Now you were talking about the very beginning.
Let's check out the very beginning.
Chad Pennington under center.
Yeah, fake it.
Fakes it one way. Hands it back to number 19.
Ted Kim has got a call down the side line.
And he's into the end zone on the reverse.
Even I, even heartless old,
bag-backed Neil, even I just feel almost sorry.
Although he took the job, you know what I'm saying?
He took the job.
He shows up there every weekend does the game.
Like pretending like he belongs there.
Just like he pretends he belongs doing a talk show on Nazi radio.
Which I guess I'll fit right in because boy, he sure he sure bought the whole,
the whole deal.
Lockstock in the swastika.
585 votes on the poll.
If you could live during any time in the US,
30 years old with comfortable means it would be during the second Alex 60 to early 70s,
116, overwhelming.
They want their sex and drugs, baby.
2050, 94.
Today, 93.
Rowing 20s, 50.
Uptight, martinis, willing, comedy chasing, bomb,
shoveling 1950s to early 60s, 47.
And by the way, I want to correct myself.
This was not a Charlie B poll.
SR Buckley, Steven New Jersey.
Synthesis in.
Thanks, Steve.
Sorry for the mistake.
Reagan years the 80s, 40.
Wild Wild West, the, uh,
Ladder 18, 100th, 27th.
The gay 90s, 11.
And the gold rush, eight.
I'm living in the gay 90s.
In fact, if I make it to 90, I'll be gay 90,
590 on the poll 590.
Our goal is 600, then we're calling it quits.
Retire.
What do you say?
No, you can, you can retire because you're,
well, you're still going to be around.
Can I still be hanging around?
Oh, we, uh, weekly, you know, weekends.
And then maybe once, maybe once a week,
we can have the, uh, check with fat boy,
a segment on the show and you can come in and give us all the,
all the dope what's going on in the building.
Hey, sounds good.
Not that you're going to get paid for that, but nevertheless,
maybe on Thursdays when the food comes in.
Oh, okay.
That would be a good incentive for you to come in.
Free lunch.
Our good friend Lawrence, who, uh,
I don't want to call him Larry.
He, he's Lawrence.
Hope you make the most of your holiday time with the
Duke Christmas or Hanukkah or not.
No, I don't do any of them.
To you and Chris and the absent lucky him.
And I'm sure he's nowhere near the radio today, George.
No, he don't, he's like me.
He doesn't listen to the radio when he's not working
in the either.
Why I'm sure he's listening to it.
Entently.
No, yeah, he's sitting there glued to the radio.
Hey, George, you suck.
He doesn't listen when he's not working in either.
Why?
Why there would be great to get the old version of the near
Roger show, the pre-joy show.
Uh, what does this say?
If I believed in hell, I only hope that Joyce wants to
and soon maybe would Joe Bell carrying the water down there.
Back a water-deferred version is better than none at all.
And a whole lot better than the Drek offered on the other
stations and on your station during the rest of the day.
Sounds like a knock on the sports segments to me, Larry.
Lawrence, some of us are stuck at work this week and so no
calls for me.
Nothing I call anyway.
We took a few calls in that first hour.
They were something.
I can't say the word stellar.
Oh, I begin with an S, but it wasn't going to be stellar.
SH something.
I think all this picking on Jimmy Cifalus is, um, perfect.
I just don't understand where she came from.
You know, I mean, I just, I mean, I know and he did some NBC
stuff and you had me as a guest on his channel 10 show 100
years ago and I had him and his co-host on my show on the radio
and I and Z and yada yada yada.
We always got along just fine, but you know, it's one thing when
you start doing things that you're not qualified to do and you
make an ass of yourself, Jimmy.
That's the problem.
I mean, we had Bill Zimper.
There wasn't a damn thing wrong with Bill Zimper.
Zimper was just fine, you know what?
Right.
Well, except for that.
And then there was always.
And no luck yet, Jim.
Now he's still locked in the closet down there.
With dance.
Yeah, Zimper and man, it was a good team.
And then it was moke.
Moke came to town.
One of the first things he did is he laid down the law.
He let it be known.
Well, when I'm doing the broadcast, I don't need anybody else
talking over me and blah, blah, blah, blah.
And I'm the star.
In other words, he was trying to like intimidate Mad Dog, you know,
and shutting up, dumbing him up.
Remember that?
Unfortunately, I do.
Yeah.
In fact, he even didn't print before he got to town.
He was like making threatening.
Well, I'm going to be doing the game.
And when I do the game, I don't need anybody joking and yucking in the interrupting me.
Like anybody gave a crap about him in that horrible piece, that her piece.
By the way, for those people who want guests on the show, we're going to be having
a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
I'm going to be doing a great day.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
In fact, I got a really good suggestion.
Oh, that's nasty.
Santa's still dead.
Oh, that's nasty.
How can Santa be dead when there never was no Santa in the first place?
Oh, you're wrong, Neil.
His name is Chris Kringley.
He lives in the North Pole.
And Mama Claus in there.
Yeah.
Mama Claus.
Yeah, Mama.
That's it.
I clicked that thing on.
I thought there'd be a whole bunch more emails.
And by the way, Barry Jack has quit bugging me with biographies of Jimmy Cifalus and Alice Rantell
and all these other...
Nobody cares, Barry.
Nobody cares, fake Barry.
I think it's the real Barry.
He's enough of a quizzling that he would like, you know, play along.
Nothing but simple to him.
I mean, there's a guy.
Oh, brother.
Talk about having nothing to say.
Where's the fake Jim Sarni when we need him badly?
With more Anita Marks reports?
Oh, I'm sorry.
I think we're going to sneeze.
Wow.
Because I think it's a miracle I don't have pneumonia or something.
WQAN, hello.
Well, almost again.
You're on the road over here.
What is it?
Good morning.
Good morning to you.
Good morning.
Happy holiday.
And back to you.
I had the...
This pleasure of listening to Joe's The Gacky about a month ago.
I had no choice.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, my God.
That's the first time I ever really listened to one of his games.
Uh-huh.
I listen to Chick Herndt's going over the kid.
I don't know if you're over the kid.
Oh, my.
Oh, my.
Yeah, Northwest Coast, of course.
Yeah, I was listening to him doing the Laker game.
Why would you compare Chick Herndt to Joe's The Gacky?
No, no.
I'm just saying, listening to Chick Herndt and the kid and then listening to Joe's The Gacky
was like listening to a...
a Geldie seeing the spank of...
start single better.
Right.
But, uh, I didn't know the person.
Yeah.
But, uh, I mean, we're all the Black Crossers now.
I mean, Matt Dogg, you know, he's a play-by-play guy.
I call it a guy.
He's kind of stepped down a little bit.
He's not doing the same to the usually.
It's like last year.
But, uh, we've got to get better at that, man.
Yeah, okay.
I love good one.
Say how to Chick Herndt.
He's still dead, by the way.
Yeah, let's pick a name and compare him to Jimmy Cifilis.
Pick a name.
Hmm.
I mean, isn't that silly?
Yeah.
Why would you do that?
How about the late-grade Dan Kelly?
St. Louis Blues Montreal, Canadians, huh?
That rookie!
He was great.
He was fat and now he's dead.
Just a little warning for you.
He was very, very fat and now he's dead.
W.D. Q.A.M. Hello.
Good afternoon, sir. How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
I'm good.
I'm so glad you mentioned Dick Enberg.
You know, at least in his day, Dick Enberg was terrific.
He was.
And now there's shoe-horning three people in work.
Two would be fine.
I think Dick Enberg and Dan Foulford find.
They put that cheating moron with his bad dentures,
Randy Croft in between them.
And hasn't he blodbed that quite a bit?
And I think, you know what?
Watch go like with your grandmother.
Jerk.
You know, I'm saying, you're so right about the ex-Jocke thing.
You know, it doesn't stop my life.
Everybody who ever wear a Jocke strap is a broadcaster.
Everybody.
Yeah, okay.
Well, maybe not so much.
I will tell you that, oh, God, I know this is going to be simple.
Or I before Christmas, whether he's, and I don't watch CBS pregame,
it's because I think Burino as a broadcaster was a good quarterback.
Okay.
I'm sorry.
He just, I mean, he's gotten better, but he's still, you know, he's still got to.
He's no Shannon Sharp.
I'll tell you that.
Well, you know, at least Shannon tries to say other things.
Oh, get out of here.
Oh, get out of here.
Get out of here.
And he can't even speak.
Well, that's genetic.
The sharp family is all important.
I see.
Okay, great.
Well, that's good.
Good excuse for it.
That's all a reason to put him on the air.
He can't speak, but it's genetic.
Do you ever hear anything so ridiculous in your whole life?
It's genetic.
No.
It's in his genes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5.
I wasn't going to take any calls this week at all.
I was going to play the rack.
I had Jimmy suggested a threatened to do.
Wouldn't, it wouldn't surprise me if it's the real Jimmy's, you know,
I mean, what else is he going to do?
Finish with that awful morning show on IOD on all Nazi radio.
Oh, they sure got the diaries in that last trend though.
Wow, good, good for them.
You know, this weekend I had the pleasure of sneezing and
smitting my pants ever happened to you.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, not a big load, you know, but
you ever sneezed and dropped a little or a big number?
I sneezed at a party, but that's it.
Yeah, oh, be careful on that.
Be real careful on that to you because you think it's only going to be a fart.
Hey, Neil, happy Hanukkah.
Next, Mr. Chris.
I had to listen to the dolphins on a radio yesterday and boy was it bad.
It's the same with UM games.
Too bad we can't listen to the radio on mute.
Oh, woo.
Have you ever sneezed farted and burped at the same time?
No, I had to bring that up work one time and that was interesting.
I'm going to work on it right.
Oh, I can't do the other one.
What is this?
Oh, this is great.
Here's a good story for all you right winners out there for all of you.
I don't know how to do radio about Miss Foley.
Mark Foley.
Thank you whoever sent that.
I'm printing it out.
Oh, the fake Larry King is back.
I vote for Myron Copen Edwin Pope for the Alphan radio broadcast.
Jimmy Joe Mandage suck their bush league spelled wrong.
Get your spelling right, Larry.
And don't be knocking the little dog and big dog.
You idiot.
Why not bring Hank Goldberg back to the dolphin broadcast?
Because Hank Goldberg doesn't do play by play.
That's why.
See, you know, it's really interesting to me that all these jocks and the jocks
differ.
All these people think they know something about sports casting.
They don't have the difference between a play by play guy and a color guy.
Like Shannon Sharp, he's a color guy.
He's bad.
He just is not belong on here.
And but then he's got a lot of company.
He ain't no jerk, jerk street.
I'll say to that.
This great former US representative Mark Foley has been throwing out a better place
as I'm sure.
And that's just because of the heinous plaid jacket he wore that that's heinous, not heinous.
Foley and his lover dermatologist Lane Nisenbaum were on ceremoniously bounced from the Cartier Christmas party
on Palm Beach's Worth Avenue earlier this month.
Two eyewitnesses told Page 2 live, whatever that is, that Foley who resigned from his congressional seat two years ago
after he was got emailing sweet nothings to the young pages was actually just an innocent bystander
in a scrawl between society's skin and smoother Nisenbaum and unidentified party gore.
But since Foley had come in with Dr. Lane, he too was taken out by security guards.
I wonder if they yelled at him.
You fairy.
The party won't have many in the famed street of Christmas time, double to say fundraiser for the Palm Beach Opera.
So what happened?
This must be a Josey Lambie.
I'm told Nisenbaum, this submerged guy's wife, not the smartest thing to do, when things escalated Nisenbaum through champagne at the guy
and the guy put Nisenbaum in a headlock over a jewelry counter before the guards intervened.
Besides, he goes, no one was hurt.
It was an accident but nobody got hurt.
Neither Foley nor Nisenbaum returned calls.
Stor director Craig Bigman said he didn't witness the incident but he was told about it.
Miss Foley, she and her boyfriend are added again.
It's only one thing to say about that.
Oh my, oh my!
What could get named?
The best talent.
You're his new Rajas.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Don't tell me that's it.
Yep, apparently it is.
Another stunt rejoin?
Howard David's a bitch.
I wondered around the malt to see what gets that I could get.
I almost gave up till I found the quarry of secrets.
Oh, browse and panty see through roads.
She won a place to browse.
It was only a minute till I felt someone a rouse.
Oh, I think I could buy the whole warehouse.
So I grabbed for a carter, built a pushover.
Oh, yes.
I overspent my limit on American Express.
I spent a lot of money but there's one thing I forgot.
My girl left me for a guy named Scott.
My budget is shot and these panties show right up and off for lots.
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
The minute we're born we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Younger old Richard Poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it.
So to look long at that Christmas tree it may be the last one that you see.
Dead grave your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead.
Oh, dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
It might have been then a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into dead.
That you thank God for your family because someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday they'll be dead dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
All right.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning let good tidings fill your head.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Oh, dead dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead dead dead dead dead dead dead.
Everyone you know dead.
A very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll be dead.
Merry Christmas everybody.
1134 or 26 till noon at 560 WQAM.
Son of Shinin' Man is beautiful.
Looks like a great day for wood buy.
Oh, there goes the old man again.
Going to sit that slot machine.
Yeah, that's right.
I'll do whatever the hell I want to do.
I do like that.
Without any assistance from all the anonymous idiots out there.
I'm not getting too much of that.
And some of the people that I blocked, they keep coming back on there again.
Realtor, Jr., he can't, you know, because I look and they deleted ones, you know.
And I see the email addresses and I don't bother reading them.
And I just delete them a second time and they vanish.
So keep, you know, keeps you off the street.
Some real, real sick bastards out there.
I'm sure you're worth that.
Oh, yeah.
WQYM, hello.
Hey, Nei, how you doing?
Okay.
The absolute worst, an answer.
I mean, the worst is beyond Sanders.
He's on the NFL network.
He was on a Baltimore Dallas game.
If you had a tape of beyond Sanders and played it against Jimmy Cephalo,
it's just, it's not even a comparison.
Yeah.
He, he, I, he, the big difference being that Dion Sanders doesn't do play by play.
He does, he just, it's there and makes stupid comments.
Well, personally, we're albums, we rooting for Dallas on a national broadcast.
That's ridiculous.
Yeah.
I mean, that's, that's ridiculous.
Now, the other question I have is, you know, radio consultants.
Do these guys, do the consultants come in and go,
you have to have a high school fake affect like Cephalo and, you know,
these guys have, they don't have any consultant over there.
Are you kidding me?
But do they have like these guys that teach these guys,
you have to be fake and phony?
No, they learn it on their own.
And then they're all fucked, too, by the way.
Okay. Well, thanks for the summary.
Wow.
A lot of sucking going on.
I've had you that.
Kenny Gramer is back again.
He's really whipped up today.
Jimmy Cephalo is to fland, is flanders from the Simpsons.
There goes number 19.
Look at the dickety-dickety-do.
As Shannon Sharp is much more from the old Bill Cosby, a cartoon.
I'm not going to read what he wrote because it has like a little racial overtone.
You know what I mean?
I don't want to do that.
It's not the fact that Shannon Sharp is black.
It's the fact that he's illiterate.
And he just, he, he looks bad, you know?
He looks bad on there and he can't speak.
And he just, he doesn't belong there.
He doesn't belong, Shannon.
And that James Brown, one bullet right through that fat gutter,
and he's going to say his would to solve that problem.
Shannon!
It's like a fraternity of dummies.
How do you really feel?
I don't watch that crap.
I mean, you know, I'll, I'll channel surf and I'll see that it's on
and then take about 30 seconds of it.
But third, man.
And move on.
I'll move back to the racing network or something you're citing like that.
I'll move out of that guy from Chicago.
Oh wait a minute.
Here we go.
Here's Gary Guy.
The incredibly affected Gary Guy.
What a guy.
A flamboyant down.
He's a hamlet of me.
He's a little bit close to the face.
He's a little bit close to the face.
You want to say to your, and the trailer is Foxbound.
It was Johnny Muboy.
Yeah, Gary Guy.
Looks like a cheap drunk to me.
I don't know.
So you're awfully negative and nasty day for the holidays.
And you're like, that's right.
I'm getting it all out of my system.
I'm cleaning it out.
I'm having like a big brain douche for the new year coming.
Isn't that a good idea?
Sure, why not?
The fake Mahatma Gandhi sends me a really interesting article here.
Companies that won't make it through 2009.
And guess what one of them is?
I'm serial when I say it.
I agree with that one.
Serious.
A lot of fairly well-known public companies who disappeared
or went bankrupt this year, circuit cities on the list,
based on the most recent news GM may be added soon.
24-7 Wall Street looked at some of the largest most well-known companies
reviewed the RSCC findings.
If their public, analyst reports and media observations about their business
and picked 10 that probably won't be around by this time next year.
And one of them was serious.
Oh, go to serious, Neil.
Go to serious.
WQA M. Hello.
Yeah, Neil.
You know, the local channel here, you've got Kim Boe,
Camper, you've got Seth Felo, you've got Joe Rose.
And you know, out of the ex-Dolphin, Jack Sniffer is it on there.
The only one who has a personality is Joe Rose.
I have to give him credit.
The guy is kind of funny.
I do like watching him.
For the audience and a gigantic head, that's right.
Yeah, but when it comes to Seth Felo,
I heard that he's doing a personal appearance promoting his six-ten show.
He's going to, there's a white Aryan race, white supremacist.
QAM.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
With some money, a woodbind for me, man, I can't even pay my electric bill.
Hey, don't get me started about the electric bill.
Don't get me started.
That was the way he had a whole bunch of lines lit up there.
And all of a sudden, when I won't guide me, that disgusting remark,
whatever was I forget, they all vanished.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
That in temperate remark that he made.
Some village of stadiums.
Well, that's okay.
We got a couple emails here.
How about those Pat fans, even with such a blowout against all of them stayed to the third quarter?
Have you ever seen Arrowhead stadium so empty?
They deserve to be empty.
They suck.
I don't understand drummers on the old pool.
Please explain.
I don't either.
I hope you, in fact, Chris have a great holiday and take it easy on the egg nog.
You know, I haven't had egg nog in years.
Thanks, Jason.
Haven't had it in years.
Have you?
Nope.
Never been able to.
I love egg nog.
So now he put that in my in my mind, in my head.
And you know me what a pig I am.
He's a truck.
I know he's, huh?
He's a truck.
He's probably really fattening when you think a lot of carbs, a lot of calories.
And then of course, real good at egg nog.
He's got to have a lot of nutmeg.
Right?
You never had egg nog.
You never had egg nog.
You didn't even know what that it is.
I mean, I know what it is, but just not into it.
But what do you mean you're not interested?
It's the delicious man.
Don't you like something that tastes good or what?
Of course.
Rudy says the NFL had announced that Sunday's Duffing and Meant Suggestive Mental Anzoli played.
Has announced that should say at 415 on CBS.
They decided to make a 10% Diego 815.
By the way, my shana hand is he looked always confused or what?
I know the Humper would tell me what a great coach he is, but he always looks be fuddled and confused and you know.
In fact, a lot of the coaches like that, Moran and Buffalo, Dicturon.
Oh my God.
He looks like he's been dead 20 years at least, isn't he?
Yeah.
He was a Giants coach.
Giants coach, Father Codlander, he looks a lot like Dicturon.
Yeah, but he's kind of like an awake corpse though.
He's like actually moves around.
He's just nearly white.
He's a little more animated whereas Dicturon looks like a dead man.
I still say Rick Weaver, bring him back, baby.
Do them up and sit him up in that queue.
Do them up and sit him up in that queue.
436-QAM.
Naked.
4th lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Yes.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
We're demorting 7 or 10.
We're South Florida sports always matters.
Sports radio 560-QAM.
The sports leader.
Buffalo blows and soda.
Bam.
Ooh, my little candlestick.
My candlestick.
Layin' in new and every night.
Who are you?
Is it Daring Hormica?
Honnica is the festival of lights.
And I'm never gonna quit doing it.
It is funded by your abolish.
Celebrate.
And it's cultured too.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
longest two twenties and now these questions are filled with everything
let's hear it. Let's hear it for your
ski. Let's hear it for Abraham.
Let's hear it for Abraham Solomon.
Rest in peace.
Then Z says the reason that drummers
was on that pool is because
recording artists now use mostly
drum machines that are programmed
in our real live musicians.
I didn't know that. Did you?
I mean, I knew about it, but to me
it was the machine. Yeah, most of
those machines bands. Yeah.
I mean, like, you know, single
let's just singers maybe, but like
if you listen to a band, they have
a real drummer. I see. So I
hello. Hello. I was a drum
band. Hey, Neil. How's it going?
Okay. Hey, these guys are
right. Sipless is the worst.
He's just so milk toast and
boring. But manage is great.
Jeroz is good, but they kind of
talk over each other. Yeah. I
kind of like to have the street
man. I say let's get six people
in the booth. It would be good.
And bring back Henry Bell for the
sideline, right? And the
Humper and the big. Oh, and
Larry. Uh-huh. Only $50.
Okay. See you. Miami
Weatherman still maintains he
was framed by false claims. You
see, even in my deleted stuff, I
find once in a great while or
something worthwhile as opposed to
which is most of what is
deleted. Miami, Miami weatherman.
Oh my god. All I can say to
Miss Kamal. You're fair. When I asked
about the toys in his trunk, he
says the toys in the truck of my
car, the alleged toys I was
bringing to this young man, where
my trunk for almost a year and a
half. I wonder if that includes
the condoms in the Loub. You
don't have to ask that. What?
You're not supposed to ask about
those. Oh, we TV and radio people
get stuff mailed. There was all
the time in work, hats, sunscreen,
UV indicators. The big guns are
all arranged now in the pool. So
what about the Loub and the, uh,
tube and the condoms and the red
rubber ball? When asked why he was
even on the boys from Ann website,
Kamal says it was not boys for
men. It was dads and sons or
sons and dads. And I said, well,
this is an odd chat room. I don't
remember seeing this chat room. I
was sick that day. I had some kind of
poisoning, food or bacteria. It was
in a bad frame of mind. Yeah. You
fair. Board alone at home was just
playing on the computer and went into
this chat room. And I wanted to
if it's like somebody you can be a big
brother to. That's what first got me
into the chat room and I'm thinking if
AOL allowed this chat room, then they have
parental control and then everybody in
here should be an adult 18 years and older.
And so I'm playing around. I see this
email, the screen name that I email. I
know that I instigated the email. That's
in the record. And the guy says he's 14. I'm
thinking, yeah, right. I'm 48 and I lie
about my age on the computer too. Millions of
people do that. So I started playing
around. Sure. Always a good idea. If
somebody, if some kid on the internet says I'm
14 years old, always a good idea to assume that they're lying
in there at least 18. Miss Kamal, born and
nosy and just playing on the computer and I'm
so damn naive, I don't think this could even be
a possible felony because I'm talking to somebody
who could be under 18. Oh, come on. Is that
lame or what? You fairy. Very bad. Is that
something to lay in? Lay Miss Krat? How many years
has he had to come up with the new, you
know, reason why he was there? And he can't
think of anything. He's had a lot of time to
think about it. He's working on it. So
anyway, the Jets Doffin game will be
415 on CBS. The bills and the Patriots
game is at one o'clock. The bills would need
to win that game for the Jets that have a
chance to win the AFC East. If the dolphins
lose and the Patriots win or if the Doffin
game is a tie, the win will win the AFC East
title. Baltimore can clinch a wildcard
brick by defeating the anxious Jacksonville
Jaguar, who really sucked 415 p.m. That's
a schedule. You got it? Got it. Got
Patriots and bills at one. Doffins and
Jets at four, 415. Jacksonville Baltimore
415 and then the anitemium Denver San Diego.
My Shanahan will continue walking around with his
bug eyes. Eyes look like they're going to pop
out of his head on a sideline. Looking very
confident and darting up and down a sideline. Have you ever
watched him during a game? I try not to be
out. He does have a kind of weird eyes.
Raine, strange dude and he always looks like
oh, so what's going on out there? Whatever it is,
it's not good. It wasn't video yesterday Mike.
Oh my God, the freaking bills no less. That was
that was amazing. Don't start with the sports
stuff. We got 20 hours in that crap the
rest of the day. Don't start tuning out with
sports garbage, like talking about Miss
Cifalus WQAM. Hello. It's Joey
Joe Bell Q. I am hello. Hey, good
morning. Good morning. That combo is my
good. What? That combo is that? No,
okay, good. Who cares? Q. I. Am hello.
Q. I. Am hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello.
Hello. I'm not sure if it's
hold on. Reverend. Oh, I'm holding it.
Q. I. Am hello. I like to talk about
Q. I. Am hello. WQ. Am hello. Hey,
Neil. Yes, sir. Two things. I got
a credit to trade in my car. I had a
2,800 court. Got 10,000 miles on it. I
know after about a year, a year and a
half, I don't. I'm tired of it. I just
bought it when it first came. I'm
$8,000 upside down and it's saying so. I
said, how can this be so well? These
cars are depreciating rapidly and you
know, there's no market to use cars.
But it's stand that is also you know
that three way buddy booth they got up
there for the office. There must be a lot of
condoms on the ground. Take care, Neil.
OK. What did you just say? I wasn't
paying any attention. You didn't miss
anything. No, what do you say? He was
making fun of the booth and then saying
that his car is $8,000 under the price
or whatever. Making fun of whom? Of the
dolphins saying that there's a lot of
the playboost saying there's a lot of
condoms in there with a three of them
there. Well, what is that supposed to
mean? That the three of them were playing
with each other. Oh, I hope it's carrying
worth four cents. I don't like that. You didn't
miss anything. No, I wasn't paying any
attention. I was printing out some crap.
No, I could just tell by the general
tenor of the call that it was not going to
be anything I wanted to hear about. Maybe the audience was
interested in that. I doubted. Mahadmogandi is
back again. Did you happen to catch Larry
King last week? I don't watch Larry King. Once in a
while if I'm channel surfing in this interesting
guest, which is almost never I might stay in the
watch a little bit. I don't watch Larry. You know what
I mean? Oh, yeah, I did see this. He had
friend Resheron and kept referring to her as
a Randresher over and over again. Yeah. I
used to think this was funny, but now it's just
sad to see someone slowly go senile while on
the air. Well, I'm doing it. A Randresher.
I read about that someplace else. So I guess
he wasn't reading the prompt or right. It said
friend. He read it a Randresher. Well, you know,
when you get an old. Wow.
Here's a list of companies that go bankrupt
2009. Serious is number two. I got it. Thanks
already, Mahatma. He says, here's the clip. I know
you don't can't play your against links. I'm not
against links. I don't have time to patch your
route with them. Mahatma doesn't even make candy.
Mahatma candy. I thought that was rice. Oh,
that's right. Mahatma rice is nice. I don't like
rice. I like rice with stuff on it in it, you know.
You know what I mean? The rest needs. What do you mean?
That's what I mean because I know. Oh,
gee, I just snotted all over this email. Oh,
Rose. That's okay. It's my own.
Horace is please tell me why your station
would put on two high school games on the
over the weekend. Give me an F and break. Here's
hoping that the black guy outside my public
ring in the bell. I'm begging for money for
the salvation army gets hit by lightning. What time
is this make of it's a black guy? It's usually an old
a some old Creighton, some old white guy or some
old white lady. So let's spread it around. Black
guys can go out there and PSU always seem to think I'm not a real
person because of my signature. My employer is located in
Georgia, which is an awful God for a second place.
Dawsonville, Georgia. I live in South Florida,
another horrible place. Happy holidays and thanks for 18
years. Thank you, Jorge. His employer is in Dawsonville,
Georgia. Oh my God. Right downstream from Aintry.
I was not one of everybody's favorite movies,
Deliverance. You know it was actually on a past week or
something like that. And then that little banjo playing
goofball. He just died. Oh, it's going around. That's
the Lord. He gives you this. He gives you life and he takes it
away. Engine giver is what he is. As a matter of fact,
maybe he's kind of defo. Maybe he's also a. I don't know.
664. What are you going for? 700 800? What? I'm not
going to read it. It's too ponderous reading this,
you know? It's a good poll. You like it? It's fine.
Oh, you like it. It's okay. I got the other one.
Eric's got the other one up there loaded and ready to go.
Let me know when you're tired of this one. Well,
the New York football giants win Super Bowl.
The piss off the dolphin fans. A lot of peeing going on this
email. Bring back homo David. What? What does this mean? Well,
I'll print it out during a break. The way things are going today.
I'll take anything we can get. You know what I'm saying?
Neil at neorodges.com for your
perspicacious emails. And of course for your wonderful
emotional heartfelt holiday wishes to all of us.
What about that? The best talent. You don't get new
to the world. This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q
8M.
Well, hang on the tree, but don't give one
a knee candy cane. It's a hell of a pain when you
need to sell a thing candy cane. I don't
suck. I won't suck. I can't suck. Candy cane.
Yeah, don't chase down a sweet bunch of good raw
Joe G candy cane.
Well, the season is done.
I can't live. Candy cane.
Candy cane.
1065 series is going to go out of business this coming years
with all the experts are saying, oh, Neil, go over to serious.
That's where you belong on serious. Yeah. All the experts
all the time. You know, some of those people are now
saying, oh, maybe that wouldn't have been such a good idea if they
would have wanted to pay you like 50 cent. Of course not.
Which they didn't. I think we're done with the emails.
And of course the calls speak for themselves. You know.
What do you think? Play the rack? Sure. Why not? I was going to play the
rack the whole four hours every day. Because Thursday we're not
here. And then Friday. I mean, forget about that.
What's going to be nothing Friday? What? Friday is going to be
a nothing day. What do you mean by that? Everybody's going to be
out returning gifts and doing everything else. So I'm over.
I got an email from somebody hung over just a minute ago.
The one I started to read totally in coherent.
About the peeing dolphins and pee off this and pee off a lot of
peeing, you know. I guess when you drink that much WQ AM.
Hello. Hi there. Yes, sir.
I call to talk about Cincinnati. Bingo.
Third and you know what? But ever call. Don't ever call.
Make that. Make that resolution right now for the New Year.
Reverend Puts. Don't ever call us again.
You the boyfriend and of course all your other partners in crime.
God is he boring. And does he realize how boring he is? Of course not.
WQ AM. Hello. Hello. Yes. Is this no waters? Yes, sir.
Hey, how you doing there? Okay. How many years you on the radio now?
Too many. More than 20. Yeah. Okay. So every after 20 years you
got to change it up a little bit. Throw something at the wall. Feel
it sick. You know something like your underwear after a panther's game.
That was um special. Yeah. That wasn't just your ordinary
pedestrian every day piece of turd. That was a special turd.
Okay. Like I said.
There's a new prescription drug whose name says it all.
Zidafax. Finally, a prescription medicine that always gives you
more than you'd expect. Zidafax. Isn't it time you experienced
Zidafax? They cause loss of blood, loss of hearing, loss of
virginity, vertigo, impotigo, impotence and prisonment shrinkage
of the genitals and largement of the genitals, softening of the brain,
softening of the stool, loose stools, bar stools, toe stools, huge
free historic bats whooping out of the sky and eating your dog.
Helotosis, heavy berry, berry, berry, mannelo, rectal bleeding,
rectal numbness, numb nuts, chest pains, hunger pains, dry mouth,
cotton mouth, large mouth, small mouth, hell mouth, or death. Zidafax is
perfect for everyone. Not intended for women who are pregnant women
who are men who are pregnant children with dogs, children with dogs who are
pregnant the elderly, the young kitty cats, Steve Perry, Ted Bulls,
Ted Bulls who are pregnant and pregnant pauses. In disclaimers like
the Ask Your Doctoral Pharmacist about Zidafax and find out if it's
responsible for the mysterious, postulent growth under your left arm fit.
Zidafax! There we go!
What they say about Santa Claus is true
Without that little dude on Christmas we'd be spooned
Oh, Owen, how are we trying to see his reindeer fly?
In it could the stilt a season to believe
in all of deathness could not you own your butt,
recommend that to the hell, give it a try and still do
and there's so much to give you can't do it all by yourself.
I know Christmas time can be a grind
but I think of Santa and his big old fat behind
Rackdom!
Oh, Owen, I can't count all the stars that I tried
till it's cold, there's still a season to believe
I'm so happy this still a season to believe
one more time.
I'm so happy this still a season to believe
Grandma got run over at the Walmart
Trapped on your shoppers, pretty feet
Get out of my way you curvered
It was on the day after Thanksgiving
Poor Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
Every year we know we're trapped
All she wanted was a player
Congratulations!
You ruined Christmas or the DVD she owned
Merry Christmas, kiss my ass
But when those faithful doors swung open
What was the moment?
She was stepped on and begged up straight to the bone
Grandma's now quite out of action
And her hospital she sits
After her body is in traction
And she even needs a nurse to take us better
Grandma got run over at the Walmart
Even brought
Trapped on your shoppers, pretty feet
It was on the day after Thanksgiving
Poor Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
Grandma got run over at the Walmart
Trapped on your shoppers, pretty feet
It was on the day after Thanksgiving
Poor Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat
No operator, give me the number for 9-1-1
Merry Christmas everybody, what's your ass?
Randolph the Brown knows reindeer
You fall, always wound up last in line
That's how he got up around nose
Following to close behind
All of the other reindeer
Love to make him calm and sneeze
They all would stop abruptly
And one of them would cut the cheese
One day Randolph got better
He said this job stinks
Find yourself a new caboose
Gave them all a Christmas goose
Santa and all the reindeer
Laving at your shot and plea
Randolph the Brown knows reindeer
You should drive patology
Nothing can prepare you for the onslaught
No one slows the relentless pursuit
Oh give Daddy a chance to rest, Malthus
She's the sixth year old with a Christmas list
And she wants to say, you got to run
Run and she will follow
And she will find you
Find everything on their list
And she will break you
The sixth year old with a Christmas list
Now showing in homes everywhere
No single actor has mastered dialects quite like Sean Cutterie
From his roles in the hunt for red October
I am a Russell Submarine Cups
A Toothy Untouchable
I am a Chicago police bump
And now the master of ethnic character acting can teach you his secret techniques at the Sean Cutterie Academy of Accents
Good morning students
Today we'll work on sounding French
Repeat after me
Bonjour, would you have any consults, civil play?
Bonjour, would you have any consults, civil play?
Well done!
At the Sean Cutterie Academy of Accents, you'll learn the best accent is the one you were born with
Now class, guess what's accident I'm doing this type?
A Scottish guy?
Close, that was my Mexican guy
Ah, I'll show you my amigos
So whether you want to do a Scottish Chinese accent, a Scottish German, a Scottish Iraqi, or a Scottish rapper
I'd like to take this opportunity to give a shout out to all my homies
In role today at the Sean Cutterie Academy of Accents
And soon you'll be able to do any accent imaginable as long as it's Scottish
What's the biggest name?
The best talent, you'll have no rejects, sport radio 560 QAM
The fourth leader
The biggest name, the best talent
It's the mad dog
Manage after New Orleans, 4 to 7
Sports radio 560 QAM
The sports leader
I know that the Lord even loves neo-rodgers
Sports the day before Christmas and all through the mall
Last minute shoppers were stirring procrastinators all
I should have planned ahead just like Santa's elves
Now I hope and pray, something's left on the shelves
In a panic I run into every last store, the place is a mess
Poise all over the floor
They've sold out of everything I needed to buy
So I bought my daughter a Barbie
That's missing one eye
Next on my list was my poor little wife
She wanted a necklace but she's getting steak knives
Because that's all that was left in the store I was in
It was either steak knives or a pair of swim fins
The next thing to get was a gift for my boy
He wanted a brand new video toy
But they were all out so I got something better
A pink polyester cardigan sweater
Now mother, now father, now uncles, now aunties
I got them all seen through edible panties
I'm sure that they'll think I'm the world's biggest creep
When they find out I've already lost the receipt
Every year I resolve that I won't let this happen
Because it's nearly midnight and I still have to wrap them
So at 2 AM I yelled all tired and surly
Merry Christmas to you jerks
Who did your shopping early?
God for you
Alcatam
Alcatam
Siss them on fire
Alcatam
Saw it on the TV
The planet more intact
Of those laundry heads
My office smoking crack
I've got a funny feeling
It won't be too inject
If we take out all those maniacs
So I'm singing Alcatam
Alcatam
I'm so damn tired of Alcatam
Blow on my phone, drop on drop on bomb now
Blow on my phone, drop on now
Blow on Alcatam
Anyway
Alcatam
Alcatam
Ready, aim, fire
And Alcatam
angry
Entirely
Come here
Let's this goes
This is a nightmare
I had to buy a Cadillac, a pig sticking to the pool.
I wish I had more money back, it's not too much good standing still.
Those red heads have a perfect way.
Those greedy, shallower sloths, a good deal with the boiled man.
And now we're getting robbed.
Look at these Cadillac prices.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
His weight, his throat, his power falls.
We could stop this crop to live.
Fire up the jet, fight up.
And blow those cowards hands away.
I ain't no Cadillac prices.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Look at these Cadillac prices.
Fossies, hey, right.
Fossies, hey, right.
Silent bark, deadly bark.
Sack!
It can tear your nose apart.
It can't be refut, it can't tell.
Someone did it by that awful smell.
What the hell did you eat?
It smells just like rotten meat.
Absolutely.
Silent bark, deadly bark.
I cut one and came out.
I watched a woman's head swivel all around.
She was wearing a terrible crown.
I walked right out of that place.
With a big smile on my face.
Silent bark, deadly bark.
Doing it is quiet and arty.
Glad one go, but don't look back.
I thought victims of your gas attack.
If you're in church when you do,
you'll have to stay in your pub.
In your red blood, it's better to some tea.
I want to know who cut the cheese.
Too bad the old days we could have found a lot of interesting effects in here.
Well, I mean, well, we can't do nothing normal.
But that's the way it goes.
22 past noon at QAM.
Just helping you through the holidays, that's all.
They're not helping us much.
$6.99 in the pool when we get to $700.
You got $700 yet?
Let me check.
No.
$700.
All right.
Let me swish the pool before I even read this result.
Biggest winner of 2008.
And I bet you we have some other people added to the list.
Sure wasn't Jimmy Cifalus.
I'll tell you that.
Besides Barack Obama and Joe Biden,
who is the biggest winner of 2008,
and then this must be a Charlie B1.
Tina Fey is on there.
Well, she sure fell into a bucket of crap, didn't she?
Why?
When Sarah came along?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, that was just fodder for the mill.
For your fodder.
700 votes on the pool if you could live any time during any time in the US,
30 years of age with comfortable means it would be during what period of time.
Psych in the last 60s to early 70s, 253.
Want that sex and drugs, man?
Lots of love and lots of drugs.
And lots of good music too, by the way.
Today, 115, 2015, 14, roaring 2060,
uptight martini swilling,
commy chasing, bombshellering,
1950s to early 60s, 53.
The Reagan years, the 80s, 45, the me years.
Oh, I got mine.
I got a Rolex and I got this and I got that.
And I'm a selfish son of a bitch in whatever else.
That's the Reagan years.
But of course, he forgot.
Wild, wild, rest, the latter 1836.
Then you can go out and get pissed off at somebody,
like living in downtown Miami to shoot him.
Like living in Detroit, pissed off, shoot somebody.
Gain 90s, 15.
15 people would rather live in the 90s.
They probably live in the, uh, gay, present.
And the gold rush, 1858, the gold rush.
Now, did you ever see that movie?
By the way, there will be blood.
No, thankfully, apparently, what I've here.
Let me warn you, don't do it.
Your eyes will bleed.
That's how bad that movie is.
Your eyes will bleed from the pain.
They will be blood.
Another pseudo-electual piece of third.
Okay, here's the new poll besides Obamac by who is the biggest winner of 2008.
We got Michael Phelps under.
He is from another planet, you know?
He's a great swimmer, but he's strange.
He is, isn't he?
Yep.
Something about him.
He's just, I don't know.
NBA Champion Boston, Salis.
Too much sports stuff on here.
Super Bowl Champ, New York Giants.
Wimbledon Champ, Rafi Elnadeau.
He's also strange.
Wimbledon Champ, Venus Williams.
Venus with the penis.
US Open Champ Tiger Woods.
See how many sports things?
World Series Champ, the Filth and Alphia Phillies.
Stanley Cup Champ, Detroit Red Wings.
Screw them.
Best to ask you a winner.
No country for old men.
That's another piece of third.
And I still don't know what it's all about.
I can, did you see that?
No.
Don't.
Right there.
You're saving your eyesight with two.
About five hours of crap.
Can I enter Hillary, under consultation prize and, and cabinet job.
Sarah Palin going from obscurity to fame.
McCain winning the GOP nomination or Tina Fey.
I'm putting Tina Fey.
Something else, but we don't have Brock on here.
It says besides Obama and you know, I totally skipped it.
Oh my god.
Did I hear you?
I'm just following the believability show.
This is the biggest name.
The best talent for his new Roger.
Fourth, right?
You'll find me.
I'm on fourth.
Leader.
So take your name.
The best talent.
It's the G.N. Joe.
Wing Knights from A to L.M.
And here on.
Fourth, right?
You'll find me.
Six feet.
You'll find me.
The sports here.
Floridians.
Dunn as dirt.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
I'm on the street.
Thou hast not far managed.
I'm on my street.
I'm on my street.
I get tired of my home Development.
I took my home to UmaWatchman.
I want to play.
Extraordinary I get tired of my homeimentos.
It's not gone without me.
My own freedom is taking care of me.
So I feel like taking care of you.
You're a great actor.
You're a great actor.
Aessie Theme Girls.
Aessie Theme Girls.
I wanna spin my life loving you
And lift my tongue or a part
We just want love too
And when it's time to head south and rest
I wanna go where the living goes the best
I wanna die
It's what I want
I wanna die
It's what I want
It's what I want
I wanna die
I wanna go where the living goes the best
I wanna die
I wanna go where the living goes
Singra, singra, fast
We're hard to decide for
Cause we are so high for
Catch us if you can
Singra, singra, fast
Our vocal quidness
Gives you motion sickness
Cause we sing so just to get my lips
The re blur
When I sing
Can't make out a thing
All the notes that I hit
Make the sonic boom
Cause they go
Stick it in the slid
The way this song came out
Make it seem like our own caffeine
Some might say the way
That we sing is a joke
But it's not funny when my tongue starts to smoke
And we're just warm enough
Check it out
Here we go
If you hold onto your hat
What about the singra, fast
Cause if it's a hard one
We'll be fine
Might as a line if you blink a rhyme
Bet you'll never bother to think so fast
Grab a mic and we hit the gas
Yeah, this part goes so rapidly
Take a mouth to soak with faith
The re we sing is quite a good
But all's hard to talk and do my tunes
Singra, fast, singra, fast
You are to decide
But cause we are so hyper
Catch us if we pay
In real fast, singra, fast
Our vocal quidness
Gives you motion sickness
Cause we sing so fast
In real fast, singra, fast
You are to decide
Cause we are so fast
He would never say
What made it read
Oh why his nose was bigger
Than his head
When he switched it on
You was like a midnight sun
See it glow
Right through the snow
Goodbye, we're the brave deer
We will miss your Christmas light
Hope those chit-plates don't stop you here
With Santa's eyes of kite
You're fairy
One day you wondered too far
From the snow
That's when a guy in flannel
You hear the wave
Now he's in repose
You can see that his
Humanist nose
No longer glows
Goodbye, good off-ranging
Hunting season came to soon
Now your head is self-demounted
In somebody's recrooch
Welcome
You depressed me
You say I'm right and then you always second-guess me
You feel so water left down
You call my hand before I even get my back down
And when I'm always on the make
You seem to get a bad wedded
You and you do depressed me
So why am I in love with you
Oh
In a kitchen
Never thought
Re-course meals so
With your vision
When there's trouble
I can count on you
To lead me on the lullaby
When I see you
I fall in love
So why am I
Covered with love
So as you depressed me
Why am I in love with you
In love with you
You're very
Very
When I see you
I fall in love
So why am I
Covered with love
So as you depressed me
So why am I
In love with you
In love with you
For everybody
You depressed me
You say I'm right and then you always second-guess me
In love with you
Oh
I'll be there
I'll be there
I'll even give you back your car and call it even
When I see you
When I'm alone
And by myself
You're very
From on the shelf
And you depressed me
So why am I
In love with you
In love with you
In love with you
In love with you
In love with you
In love with you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
The best talent
He doesn't know politics
Sport Radio 560 QAM
The fourth leader
The best talent
He's the big O
Orlando Elzu Gary
Afternoon
To the fourth
Sport Radio 560 QAM
The sports
Sportsael
Idea
520
Man that dancing was painful
Don't wanna try to squeeze it
It'll hurt, shouldn't be picking at it
Cause it will spur some yellowish pus from this nasty ass black head
I'm dead, turn around, go back to bed
Don't wanna give it a scratch, I shouldn't give it a pick
Cause that'll make it so gigantic
This thing will be the size of a MAC truck
Yes, for sure the isn't nasty ass black head sucks
Now I'm gonna give it a scratch, I'm gonna give it a pick
I don't care if it gets gigantic
The truth is that I just can't stop
Until I make this big nasty ass black head pop
Oh
Rain deer in the night
Donner and Blitzen flying through the sky
With their friend Vixen they'll hit every house
Before the night is true
Somewhere in that sleigh is good old St. Nick
He's got a barf bag
In case he gets sick he's had too much milk
And all those cookies too
Rain deer in the night
They're flying mammals and they're on their yearly flights
They're pulling Sada and he's kinda hard to lift
Each year there's more gifts
Down your chimney, oh oh oh
Unless you live in a condo
Yes it's quite a sight
To see them flying
Rudolph's nose so bright
It's almost blinding like furry satellites
Them rain deer in the night
Oh oh oh oh
No no no no
He died
La la la la
La la la
Put those earplugs in that hunn a curse song
Tryna get
Please lower it and make it in
Don't wanna hear this song again
The Hanukkah song song
To what's this time of year
It's played more times than grandma got run over by her rainy feet
When you feel like the only kid in town
The sight of this song
Here's a list of people who are fed up
It is rather long
And a furlough pass and her fanculeo
Sweetly changed the station when the song's on the radio
Guess who is in listening and probably never will be
Rapper slow, doggy dog, Jay-Z and pup daddy
Guard the brook to sick of it
Travis greed is too
Even though his spring's been long
Sing along its dream
They don't think it's funny
In fact it's lay this hell
They'd rather listen to those dogs who are barking jingle bells
Not fun
Put those earplugs in that hunn a curse song
To hear again
Please lower it and make it in
Because Adam's in there is in my friend
Ladies and gentlemen
If I could offer only one tip for the future
Act strange and people will leave you alone
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience
Put a slinky around your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards headfirst
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crispsies and sing feelings while the kernels go snap crack of an pup
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much
Lick stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect
Take lots of pills, one of them might work
Occasionally ask the stranger if they've heard anything from Lewis
Be annoying
During an IRS audit, staple the guy's hand to his desk
Mone a funeral
Play GoFetch with a scene I dog while he's working
Run naked through a mall yelling
Killer bees, killer bees
Say the word titty without smiling
Try to figure out who said Paulie Shore should star in movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time
Try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work but many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog's still eating your homework
Ask Mark McGuire he'll take a million dollars for one of his books
Try to find the secret to caretops success
Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a bobcastis and toss them on the lawn next door
Go on a car trip with bobcastis and force them to stay in his car seat
Try to dribble bobcastis
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no your will to anyone unless you don't like them then screw them around their own
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
Sniff an old lady
Imagine Gomer Pyle in a gay bar trying to get lucky
Do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence, understand it, embrace it, protect it
And every so often take it out for a nice nash
Care enough not to care
Humb while you eat
Act strange and people will leave you alone
You're a man
You're a man
You're a man
You're a man
You're a man
Hey don't forget that
Okay try not to
How do you like the selection so far?
Pretty good couple of them hadn't heard before
Many of my even I haven't heard before
Can you believe that?
Sure there's a lot of them out there
Of this ACN thing I bet like eight million discs
Sounds good for the rest of the week
In fact sounds good for the next five years
Oh yeah
How long before you think I'd be getting a call saying
Well you know when you're a lot of money you know how you do is sit there and play the rack every day
What do you think?
Hmm now the thing of it is I was just thinking during the last segment
We certainly couldn't drive the numbers much lower than they are right now
I mean in this station you can't complain about the ratings of QM because we don't have any
We used to
And then long came jolly joe
That would be a good bit for a chicken neck to the tune of a long came Mary
A long came jolly joe and just drove us
Or maybe the night they drove the ratings down by a Joan Baez
Remember that?
No
Don't remember the night they drove old XC down?
Nope
I mean I heard it maybe
What?
Even if I heard it but not off top of my head now
Well we got that Dan Quill but I played it just the other day wait a minute
The night they drove
Um
Is it under coil?
Or maybe it's under Murphy Brown
I bet you it's under Murphy Brown
There it is
She had herself a kid with that ain't it
I don't know what it's under
I'll sing it to you later on
So George from entier all not a frog thank God he says that
So thank you for another great year of radio
Dear Neil God thank you for another great year of radio happy holidays to you and George
What about Tubby Chris huh?
It's great to be able to hear you every day on the internet
I used to vacation a lot in Florida but before I booked I checked to see if you were on the year not on a holiday
Now I don't have to go to South Florida no more
Oh I mean that that's getting a little bit carried away isn't it
Flying to South Florida to see if my show is on the year I mean I appreciate the compliment but boy that that is suction so heavy duty
You're the best I love you Neil but not in a gateway can I buy you lunch no but have a great life George
Frog
Well he's not a frog but he lives with him in Montreal
Don't go to Montreal by the way
You've been there?
Uh no I don't think so
Good okay now what do we have on the first pole 700?
Yes
And we got 67 on the new one
For 70 now
704
Wow
704 and 707 and 74 we got that 800 ligt
Told on the 22nd of December right in the middle of Tannuka and right before Christmas
That's a real feather in our camp although we can't get those 42 billion votes like they get across the street
Besides Obama and Biden who is the biggest winner of 2008
Tina Fey 21 that's who I voted for
Michael Phelps 16
Strange
Talk about act strange
Sarah Palem going from obscurity to family 11 Super Bowl champ New York Giants 8 you know something about those mannings you know the two of them
Strange okay
That would be a good pull we never did who's the strangest of them all right
I guess that why not you don't think David tomorrow
Hillary Interconciliation Prize and Cabinet job four
Stanley Cup champ D. Tua Redweens 3 I think my knob sloppers out there in a hole again
He's the slab in my knob do you take a minute world series champ filter off the affiliates three US open champ Tiger Woods 3
Oh, it's the tiger the Tiger I'm so sick and tired him already
Wimbledon champ Rafi El Nadal one and none for McCain winning the GOP nomination best
Oscar win in our country for old men a real piece of crap Wimbledon champ Venus Williams an NBA champ Boston
Sellers have got the big oh
The best
New Rogers 4th
Radio 560 QAM
The 4th lead
The biggest name
The best talent are you sure you're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM
Miami for the Latter-day
Oh, it's got the real when I'm up in Belkettika slap and all women with painted lips around the pole I listen to the new Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the other I just hear and balance one to two hours
In the tradition of the disaster musical comes Andrew Lloyd Webbers Jews in the attic the Anne Frank diaries
You'll leave the theater humming those catchy tunes like no more beans. I'm writing all this down
Don't flush till Nazis go home. I turn in my parents for a stick of the odorant. It's Jews in the attic the Anne Frank diaries
CD available now
You've seen the trial on CNN now the TV movie America's been waiting for Ralph and Ellis Cremden star has John and Lorena above it in love hurts
I'm warning you John don't push me too far
That's a laugh Lorena I'm the king in this castle the K.I. and G king
I'm the one with the penis in this house. Look I'm tired of talking I had a hard day driving a bus
Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed
What was that? Oh, she cut my penis off. Hey Johnny Boyer. What's all the screaming in here? Help me nodding she cut it off
Cut off from sexy girl. I don't have anything to have sex with you got to get me to a hospital
Any hospital hurry
Hey Johnny Boyer looking for you that animal clinic was right down the street. I see you think I'm lucky
You think I'm lucky do you take a look at this not in what's wrong with that? I think that elephant's trunk looks kind of cute down there
Oh you do hand me that playboy
Listen to the sound of John don't falling
You think I'm lucky millionaire like JFK could afford a better play
This JFK at four times flying will have no a piper of the cheap and crappy plane that blows
A burning death my head's about the only way I could go
Now head the only one that's left alive today from what they call the Kennedy curse
If Dorothy Gill Galin was alive she'd say you're up it's only gonna get worse
Listen to the sound of John John fall asleep
Put it splatter, put it splatter, pour it in
You this sound of John John fall asleep
Put it splatter, put it splatter
She only was seven when she all got in on route to more coverage for CNN, ignoring the weather and storms to avoid her white trash butch mother said she died with joy.
Child, pilot, child, pilot, you're too young to fly, you're never gonna see night.
Now the white trash butch mother must live through her son but he says that flyin'.
Don't seem as much fun, still she says you have to do it for me.
Now help me set up my new white screen TV.
Child, pilot, child, pilot, you're too young to fly, you're never, never.
Gonna see night.
Hanson 1997.
Hanson 1998.
Flash 4.
To Hanson, the year 2000.
You want fries with that?
It's ridiculous.
Fives call a GX. Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson 5.
Stand up in the ABCs. I'm gandown on my knees. Removing the dumb girl race. ABC, sat on me.
Babys you and me.
That's right. From the timeless tunes of the Jackson 5 to the classic filler work, Michael Jackson's benefits who are aims to please.
The people I surround my soul, proof of you've been niled. Some call me big brother, some are better.
Files, and there's no one to defy a lie.
Just sit for a while and beat it, beat it, beat it.
I got you, come on.
I hate beat it, beat it, beat it.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around so can wait and pull a call from a call you call again.
When I'm home alone, sitting naked by the phone, I beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefits.
Hey, yeah, Michael. Yes, Bobby.
Is that your real skin color?
It's inside with counts.
But I know a game that we can play to find out.
And if you fly, you know, it's kind of free willy.
Say, say, say what you want, but you know who I give affection.
I may don't know how to read, but then don't always give me your action.
And here's the rousing finale. Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show, Under the World.
With the Vienna voice choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
You're fair.
I like me children.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they're willing.
It's a choice of making.
I like school very nice, but it's true.
They make the greatest thing when they just fight.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
Like Billy's James.
And of course smooth criminal.
Just Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the cargo classy school for wayward boys.
Future tickets now. Boys under 10 if it is free when a company by no one.
They're white. They're real. They're real.
They're black. They're white.
They're real. They're real.
What are you guys?
You got some disturbing MJ news coming in a second.
Although before that.
Kenny Raymer, you're really slipping.
I appreciate it. I guess he's trying to help me out.
You know, sending me some crap.
Because it's, you know, it's so close to Christmas day, man.
They're in not a creature is stirring.
Not even a laus.
He sends me this story that we had on Friday.
No less police suspicious wife who demands to smell husbands,
generals, beaten in port St. Lucie, remember that?
Yes, I do.
She wanted to smell his penis to determine whether he was cheating with another woman.
And he beat the crap out of her.
Don't be sniffing my goods, bitch.
Anyway, you want to hear the Michael Jackson disturbing news?
Sure.
Michael Jackson is suffering from a rare lung condition needs to undergo a transplant
a biographer of King of Pop tells the London newspaper.
He may even be fighting for his life author Ian Halperin tells in Touch magazine
and the British Sunday Express newspaper.
Halperin is just completing the biography of the singer.
He says Jackson has been diagnosed with alpha-1 antitripsin deficiency
and occasionally fatal genetic condition.
He's had it for years, but it's gotten worse Halperin told in touch.
He needs a lung transplant, but maybe two weeks to go through with it.
He also has emphysema and chronic gastrointestinal intestinal...what is it?
Gastrointestinal bleeding, which is Dr. Isavade-Loud of trouble stopping.
It's the bleeding that's the most problematic part.
It could kill him.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
According to Halperin, Jackson can barely speak and is having trouble seeing.
The vision in his left eye is 95% gone.
Jackson's spokesman was unavailable for comments on it,
but the singer's brother, Germain, didn't deny the report telling Fox News
he's not doing so well now. This isn't a good time.
Well, let's see. He's almost blind in one eye. He needs a kidney.
And he's got emphysema and chronic bleeding, but other than that, it's eight of good time.
What a master of understatement that Germain, huh?
You think his comments were germane to the situation?
So look at that pole, Mr. Fat.
I think we've done okay today. I think, you know,
although what's going to happen to rest of the week?
I guess we'll have to see.
Well, I got a lot of stuff we haven't ever played.
I mean, one week out of the year, what's wrong with playing the rack?
Plus it's tomorrow Wednesday, then Thursday's Christmas day.
We're off and then Friday. Oh, forget about it.
Friday, the sounds of silence 110 and 114.
Sounds like 117 or 704 sounds like 815 to me.
Yes, it does.
We did it. I think we can get that out of here.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, his new projects, 480 or 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Wonderful WQA.
What face?
It's always something.
It's always something.
It's always something.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
It makes something out of nothing.
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
I can't even...
If you wanna make it world,
then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world, then make it world-
The thing that I'm out of change for once in my life
the things that I'm out of change for once in my life
She'd a panda head put up the laundry to tomorrow night
And I wanted some melancholy so I can be by the mother-in-law
I put my car on the street with a minute to feed
And let the king should have seen the used up of a ginger leaf
She'd have realized then she'd have broke her tent
She'd have known that there'd be a tofu on the way back home
But I got nowhere to go that's why I'm asking you, Joe
I'm talking to the land in the tofu
I can hear from my sunshine
But he and her, look but I just want you
If you want to press a fridge use the other link or this link only at that
J-D-U
Leaving with the land in the tofu
I'm begging him to write from time
But he and those look how I just told you
No, he got away, he got through another lane
If you can't go up with a slagginger slayer leg
And I'm out of the dark I have possibly all I need is a dime
A dime, a dime, a dime, a dime
Come on, someone, hey Joe
A dime, a dime, come on
Come on, a dime, a dime
It makes a change
Tonight on Extra, it's the Michael Jackson Rabbi Schmooly tapes
So what you're telling me is that you can't live without data thoughts
I cannot live without him
It's you told me right now that Michael you could live it
It's okay Michael, I would come home
I swear because I have nothing else left for
You got bubbles, he's a nice chimp
And he can be my queen
Be your friend, does that mean that I can't take record our phone conversations?
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
I got a sweater from my grandma
It was pink and black
But don't worry, be a happy girl
Was printed on the bench
He wrote a pocket
Return to Santa
Just send me cash
Your tank is wet
Okay, me or Ash
I got a fruit cake and some plant plants
Where it's lit before my nose
Another bottle of old spice
For a dead iron hose
He wrote a fondant
Return to Santa
Huh?
Who needs this job?
This is Christmas
A real Easter
He wrote a fondant
Return to Santa
Don't mean to be rude
What is Christmas?
I got scruched
Return to Santa
Return to Santa
Heart of the early days of the day
For he told her new morning
Who'd believe her heaven said
With their speech impediment
Christmas joy, their belly braining
Carol's food and nose as singing
Jesus truly did us wrong
When he made the same dress song
When he made the hair lift
They'd tell sing
For me, those are new morning
What's his name?
The best talent
You know his new reject
4th leg of 5.60 km
I think 4th leader
Oh another star rejoin
New
Yeah
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
I don't work hard
And drinking Billy Beer
A bomb fly
A bomb fly
Smoke and drink
Cause we're all gonna die
Shed it here for peace
Because we all are gonna die
Were you dumb enough to think
One day we'd all become allies
One, two, three, four, more bombs drop.
Five, six, seven, eight, more bombs drop.
Nineteen, eleven, twelve, more bombs drop.
We're gonna drop in the bomb.
Around the clock, we're gonna drop them bombs and make them dead.
Loan that rag right off their head.
We're gonna bomb around the clock tonight.
We're gonna bomb, bomb, bomb, knock out their lights.
We're gonna bomb, gonna bomb around the clock tonight.
Oh, right.
I can't believe it's gonna go.
I can't believe it's gonna go.
I can't believe it's gonna go.
I can't believe it's gonna go.
I can't believe it's gonna go.
Here's a real bomb, so have a blast.
We're gonna shut up, Pat.
I'll up your ass.
We're gonna bomb around the clock tonight.
We're gonna bomb, bomb, bomb, knock out their lights.
We're gonna bomb, gonna bomb around the clock tonight.
I can't believe it's gonna stop the bomb.
It's gonna be crazy.
No startups hiding.
A lot more than guns.
They say they're weapons.
A mass destruction.
I say recently, a couple megatons.
Bomb me a rock.
In the Gulf War, letting them off the hook.
I think it's time to give this butter wool.
So it's time to load those B ones up on their rock.
On your rock.
Till there's nothing left to see on your rock.
Till Saturn 6BD.
Bomb me a rock.
Blow up the cream.
Bomb me a rock.
And that's me, it's got some junk.
And chemicals that burn.
And I love them up on scours.
If we land, we're gonna be wet.
Because this planet is clouds won't be dust.
I'm here up.
Bring it to an end.
I'm here up.
Blow it up again.
I'm here up.
I'm on scours.
I'm here up.
Absolutely.
Bomb me a rock.
I'm toast to the people.
Bomb me a rock.
I'm here to take them home.
Bomb me a rock.
The heart of the world.
I wanna bomb a summer.
I wanna bomb a summer.
They took it to age.
Bomb a summer.
Bomb a summer.
I wanna lose those diamonds.
Should a tower fill the city?
You better run faster.
You go up and faster.
We will not turn.
We will not falter.
And we will not fail.
Bomb a summer.
Bomb a summer.
Wanted.
Dead or alive.
All I can tell you is that Osama Benlana is a prime suspect.
America wants him brought to justice.
That's what we want.
We're gonna find those for the tactile country.
And we're gonna hold them accountable.
The men and women who wear uniforms.
Love, activity, and reservists, and national guard people.
Are ready to respond to the call of the Commander-in-Chief and the Secretary of Defense.
Make no mistake about it.
I want justice to get them running and to find them and to hunt them down.
But we're gonna smoke them out.
The U.S. military is ready to defend freedom at any cost.
They used to put out there in the old west by water posters that wanted dead or alive.
This is a fight to say to the freedom-loving people of the world.
We will not allow ourselves to be terrorized.
Whether we bring our enemies to justice or bring justice to your enemies, justice will be done.
The entire world has seen for itself the state of our union, and it is strong.
I want a bomb of Zalma!
Make no mistake about it.
I want a bomb of Zalma back to the wave.
I want a bomb of Zalma.
I want a bomb of Zalma.
I want a new group of Zalma.
It is a bomb of Zalma.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum to dog
Bum bum bum bum bum bum
Let's box a dog
Make a crap or hit bum bum bum
Make it real real gone
Bum bum bum to dog
We're saying it's a nail
Let's turn them into charcoal
Bum to dog
Bum bum bum bum bum to dog
Bum bum bum bum bum who's saying
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum
Let's say bum bum bum bum bum
Cause we didn't stop bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum bum bum bum to dog
There ain't no freaking babies
We'll see them and strike the hate
Bum to dog bum bum bum bum to dog
George W is getting higher to you
He's having it and do it
So it's way over to Bum to dog bum bum bum bum
Let's go to dog bum bum bum bum to dog
To dog is an a-hole
Let's turn them into charcoal
Bum to dog bum bum bum bum
Bum bum bum you're ass
Bum bum bum bum bum bum
To populations
Bum bum bum bum chuck
On their ass, loser ass away, you two retaliate.
And wipe that smile of the camel,
John says, on their ass, on their ass, on their ass.
On their ass, on their ass, we're fed up with the draft.
In a start, we gain a battle, on their ass, on their ass.
Give them what they want, leave the greasy spot.
Send them up to be with Cooke the prey.
Give them all the rage, on their ass, they're brave.
On their ass, loser, they're trepid.
In a start, we gain a battle, on their ass, on, on.
On their ass, on their ass, on their ass, on their ass.
On their ass, on their ass, on their ass, on their ass, on their ass.
What biggest name?
The best outstreet.
There's no Rajas.
Fort Radio 560 QAM, the Fourth Leader.
The poof, the biggest names, the best talent, it's the madard.
Jam Mandage, Jam Mandage, Jam Prenouge, Fort Radio 560 QAM, the Sports Leader.
The physical fact in the church.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
to dominate people killed with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks they're totem and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
The North American government has been in a state of emergency.
The North American government has been in a state of emergency.
The North American government has been in a state of emergency.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservation.
Bout a provoked battle, then world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall and have a burden and stoke with no objection at all.
Democrats don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our parade wash pants.
That Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only Iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
The North American government has been in a state of emergency.
The North American government has been in a state of emergency.
The North American government has been in a state of emergency.
They said he's the one to be again.
Now they have only one vehicle.
Take the land, don't put your guard so down.
We got a battle we're all hoping and saying.
We got a, we want to track this no more.
We got a waste for striking guns.
We say 9-11 is what they got you to believe.
Can't get any double but a whole party got a degree.
You believe what they say like a girl, a little fool, as they use the state.
So they're cool with truth.
Well the election of we got a push is running in with we got a,
we got a good fight.
This holiday season, the spirit of peace on earth and good welds towards men is alive.
The sci fi channel proudly presents a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crack is wack.
Live from a burnt out dilapidated storefront in the alley behind Freeland,
Heisen Avenue in Newark, New Jersey, it's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Crackers whack.
With special guests, Yasmeen Bliefs, Life Garrett, Nick Nolte, and Mary and Barry.
To the night before equipment, I be parked in my car,
Stought in some coke and drinking gin from a jaw.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas with a surprise appearance by the Newark Undercover
in Arcontics Division, and Whitney's bipolar husband, Bobby Brown.
Crackers cheap.
Brought to you without commercial unorruption by Jamal and Kehme,
Who supplied the MacArthur Highway Hood.
Crackers whack.
It's a Whitney Houston crack house Christmas.
Oh, gosh.
Okay, and the better late to never guess what I got.
Would you get an email?
Oh, about Mike Levine.
Oh.
Wasn't that like right at the beginning of the show,
I was talking about that Mike Levine on the station and Mike Levine.
Correct.
Seamass in Weston says, thanks for making me feel like more of an old fart than ever.
I used to listen to Mike Levine on KDK and Pittsburgh as a kid.
Also listen about Prince and the pirate games,
Back when I had an interest in sports.
Now I'm more like George Maticu towards sports.
I don't watch other people play games no more.
Getting back to Levine, he had a talk radio show called Open Mike,
where people call in and discuss different topics.
He had a great radio voice, and as you might say,
talent is a broadcaster.
Many years later, when I was living in Tampa,
Mike Levine showed up on radio there.
I think he was on WFLA.
He did the exact same format in the late 80s as he did 20 years plus earlier.
He often mentioned Pittsburgh and Pennsylvania in his Tampa broadcast,
which was a bit of a kick for me.
You know how we Northerners never tired comparing Florida to our home state.
I didn't know that he died.
He died.
But since I'm 55 now, unless a new man's a kid,
he must have been getting way up there in age 180.
Thanks again for the walk down memory lane.
Seamass in Weston.
Well, thanks, Seamass.
I think somebody actually responded to Mike Levine.
That's cool.
Mike Levine, isn't that great?
Well, there's one.
Okay, let's take a look at the pole thing and we'll get...
This was, I feel like an Arthur Fiedler, like I'm conducting, you know?
Do you believe that?
Of course.
No, it's pilot cramp.
I just made it up.
Conducting one.
Okay, so we had what, 704 on the first pole?
And 165.
And 165 is 869.
You know something?
We could have made 900 if you really pushed it,
but you know what it's the holidays.
Relax.
Relax.
At ease, disease.
Okay, let me change these numbers to bring them up today, okay?
Got them.
We get those numbers right.
He's mailing in with the numbers, pole numbers.
Rating numbers.
Well, we can't do those anymore because we don't have any.
Got nice numbers on my paycheck, though.
Like I said yesterday, those are the only ones that count.
Or whatever day it was Friday.
You know something, the weekend goes by so fast.
It feels like yesterday.
Yep, it does.
Is it just me?
No, it's not just you at all.
Every Monday, I wake up and think, okay, that's it.
That's the end of the weekend.
It's over.
Besides Obama and Biden, who is the biggest winner of 2008.
And don't forget, by the way, to throw some shoes and bush on it.
What is it called?
Sho...
Shoeply pie?
Whatever it's called.
Right out of the pole.
Sock and all.
Sock and all.
Hmm.
Michael Phelps 51, Tina Fey, 52, I'm sorry.
Tina Fey 42.
They got a good race going on.
I voted for Tina because he's too strange.
Sarah Pailin going from obscurity to fame 27.
Super Bowl champion, New York Giants 14.
Hillary and her consolation prize, the cabinet job.
Six.
Stanley Cup champion, throughout Red Wing 6.
US Open Champ, Tiger Woods 6.
World Series champ, Philadelphia Phillies 3.
Wimbledon Champ, Raphael Nadal 3.
McCain winning the Republic of nomination 1.
NBA champ, Boston Celtics 1.
And none for Best Oscar winner, no country for old men.
A real piece of turret if there ever was one.
And Wimbledon Champ, Venus Williams, she ain't got no votes.
And Venus ain't got no penis.
I don't know what's the biggest name.
So be round.
You don't have no rejects.
4th radio 560 QAM.
The 4th leader.
So, big day.
That talent.
It's the D.A. Show.
We're not dreaming.
Sarah is stocked back down to 12 cents.
All right.
See sports here in New York, Dad.
All righty.
Wake up very much.
This area is the king.
I know I haven't been around for a while,
but I want y'all to know what up here in Rock and Roll Heaven.
I'll be thinking of you, Miss Christmas.
And I'd like to give you all a special Christmas message.
A message of peace.
Like, uh, how about a little piece of that high gold bar?
Thank you.
I got a lot.
A lot of whole sand.
Christmas is a time of hoot.
Time of joy.
A time of eleven.
And I share with a little takes lies that feature you got there.
Okay.
Or more.
No worry about it.
Or you got Christmas.
They're Christmas to me means family.
They're family means friends.
The friends means getting together.
And getting together means eating.
Oh, pass me that drumstick.
Which please?
Oh, flaky.
I got a lot.
Okay.
Now, I just want to say to you right now,
you know, I'm maybe a big star.
Maybe too big.
But ain't nobody so big.
You can't reach out a helping hand.
Or a helping hand.
Oh, would you?
Can't be helping those mashed potatoes over there.
Which please?
Flaky.
Flaky, very much.
Now, like I was saying, ain't nobody so big.
You can't stoop to help a friend of neat
over the holiday season.
Speaking of season,
you won't pass me that soft sugar
when you get the chance.
Flaky.
Yeah, just, just unscrew the cover.
That's right.
Flaky, I remember it.
So this Christmas,
why don't y'all take a tip from old A.O.S.
Now, I don't leave those steak tips right where they are.
You know what I mean?
I appreciate it.
Flaky.
I want you to remember,
we're all part of God's great big family.
And you know God made man unto his own image.
And look at the mirror.
I'd have to say God must be a big,
big son of a gun.
You know what I mean?
I like you dear.
But I expect to make a lot of remember this one last thing.
When y'all at home as Christmas,
stringing that popcorn up on the tree,
save a big, big bowl for the king.
Extra butter to what I mean.
I like you dear.
I like you.
I like it very much.
Night, night, night, night.
The biggest names of the best callin'
at your home for Miami Dolphins football.
Hey, I got justice.
Born straight, 0560 WQAM.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Miami, Ford Lauderdale.
What are you going to do?
Nice college boy, huh?
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to gun down a police cap?
Come on, because you slapped your face a little bit.
Huh?
What do you think this is?
The army where you shoot them a mile away?
You're going to get them close like this.
But a bing, your bloodhead brains will over your nice side
relief suit.
Come in.
You're taking the sparing part.
Yeah, but wait, yeah, but wait a second.
