No person in this program will be produced without the express spread information at WQAM.
What are we gonna do without that old redneck Bobby Bob?
The biggest names of the same day guys.
He said his ears so far as those he's cracked up with the famous D&D.
You QAM, I AM A FOR THE LUTTER DALES.
Can you say redneck, Bobby Bob?
Uh huh.
It's Friday, you bastard.
It's late at night, you're fast asleep and I shut away figures about to break into your home.
But you're protected.
Yeah, it's a danger home security alarm.
The heart is working alarm in the safety business.
He's on by the godfather of home protection himself.
The games Brown Alarm protects you from burglar, vandals, peep and talk.
And if you act now, we'll include a no extra cost.
The patented games brown, hot pants, fire alarm.
So put the sole patrol on your keyhole.
With the games brown, home security to stop.
You'll say I'm in good.
I don't want to 560 WDQM.
The new poll, I just came up.
Obama's only four points behind swallery and Pennsylvania.
Today's only the 11th of April.
We had 11 days to go until the Pennsylvania primary.
He's only four points behind.
He's driving like Iraq.
If you put in that expression.
As recently as two weeks ago, the Quinnipiac pole had swallery of 16 points in Pennsylvania.
And out of day, it's only four.
In a new Pennsylvania pole, Obama scored as large as games among young voters.
White men and those without college degrees.
Three groups that have on average lean more heavily toward him.
In post-Super Tuesday contests.
And the media is talking about what's in the reflection in Dick Cheney's glasses.
Is it an naked woman?
Dancing with the stars.
Dancing with the stars.
And you wonder why there's like over 4,000 dead people that should be alive today in Iraq.
Soldiers I'm talking about.
And a million dead people who used to live there.
And you wonder why we're paying four bucks a gallon of gas.
And it's like $109 a barrel of oil.
You wonder why these things are going on.
And because nobody gives a crap.
The American public are the stupidest people on a face of the earth.
And the most gullible, the most easily led by the nose.
And the beat goes on.
The chest goes on and on.
And you people in the medium, and that's what you specialize in.
Distracting the public from the important stuff with a bunch of puff and fluff and crap.
So what is in his glasses?
Naked woman.
Yeah, alright.
Some guy fly fishing.
Some guys fly.
I don't know who knows and who carries.
Whatever it is, he's going to shoot it.
So what turns into the night?
Speaking of polls, by the way, President Bush's public approval has reached a new low.
In the APF so it's pulled, just when you think it can't get any lower, it gets low.
A survey released yesterday showed just 28% approval of the overall job Bush is doing.
His previous record low in the poll was 30 last month.
But 30, man.
I'm 20 and dropping like a rock, just like Swellery and Pennsylvania.
In another record low, only 27% are happy with his job on the economy,
which threatens to win a recession.
It says here, but of course we're already in one.
I think what it should say, which threatens to win a gigantic depression.
The APF wealth goes on, but it'll be put in April 7 to 9.
So there you go.
28% approval rating.
Design, President.
So what are we going to do today?
Georgia's at Gulf Stream.
We've got the holy bull stakes tomorrow, $150,000 holy bull.
In preparation for the big triple crown.
I can't believe already.
Boy, the Derby is only what?
Less than a month away now.
First Saturday and May.
Aren't you all whipped up about the Kentucky Derby?
I have whipped him.
And then we're going to say the Freakness is one on the 17th.
Yes.
Thank you, Steve.
Freakness?
Great.
Now, we still working on that deal or what?
Because I don't want to come down there.
Yes.
I don't want to come out of that restaurant with just my thing in my hands.
You know, it's just a programming of your hands.
It's not, it's being worked on.
It's just not done, done yet.
But, oh, like my deal.
Correct.
Like my extension, my coronal extension.
Well, we'll get things done.
Get her done.
That's what daddy told me.
Get her done.
And Georgia also tomorrow is going to be out in the bottom.
Have you got any of your fans there yet?
No, not yet.
It's early yet, though.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure they've never failed me yet.
We got mad, oh, I forgot the jerk show at 2 o'clock.
How could I forget that?
Did the heat play again?
No, not Christian.
Oh, it's high.
Oh, baby.
Woo!
The jerk show at 2 o'clock, then we got mad dog from a gangster from the masters.
4 to 7.
He loves that crap.
I do underline crap.
We don't have any, um, first pitch thing tonight because the Marlon game is a word where
they plan.
I would have to find out.
Oh, well, no, please don't.
Dolphins all asked us, 7 to 9, then the VH, show night a bit.
Well, we don't, we only have, um, the, that 10 minute fake pregame of Marlon thing.
I'm the one who played 7 o'clock to get 5 minutes of spots in there.
That's what that's all about.
Anyway, George tomorrow will be from 10 a.m. to noon at the Grand Opening of CompUSA at
1740 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale.
Come by for great savings on all your computer needs and to win some really nifty QA and prizes.
Anybody believe that?
No, no.
Give you whatever we got.
CompUSA is back and George will be there tomorrow from 10 a.m. so you're all over the place.
Yep.
Now what's the story?
Uh, where you are now?
Uh, I guess you're in the same place every time you finish like you see now.
This is where they are.
They like where you are now.
So there are people playing the machines now?
Not just yet.
No, there are machines over there.
But they're people that see what happens is they open this place at 10 a.m.
And people come in and have their like their coffee, start reading their programs, set themselves up the little tables, you know, the early birds.
They start doing their, their research, your handier.
Right.
And then little by little, the racing, the place goes up.
You know, you don't get noisy or noisier as the, um, as it progresses.
Mm-hmm.
This is nice to have a bar here to my right, like, uh, like, um, restaurant right in front of me.
Really?
You know, somewhere between a snack bar and a restaurant.
You know, they have all these different restaurants and eateries here.
Yeah.
And they are right outside, you know, right, uh, in between this place and the, and the place next door.
You gotta come see it.
And I guess you will.
I will, of course.
Next month.
Or maybe today, maybe right now, if I get in the Pontiac right now, that's right.
There's a time for the races on Sunday, 430.
Here's the poll today.
What do we got?
Is Chris got a shot of the thousand?
Oh, yeah, easy.
877.
How do we get 877 on a crap poll like this?
Cause it's a good poll.
It is not.
What is the gayest fashion accessory a man can sport?
877 vote.
Nipple rings, 211.
A man's shoulder bag, 177.
What about a fanny bag?
Like that queen that, uh, shows up most of the time.
She still come around, do you ever see him?
Fanny pack?
Not lately.
But last time I was a...
Broward, doing something, which I guess this is, but further up there.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, he shows up.
Maybe he's not allowed to travel like south of a certain maybe he'll show up in the cave.
Oh.
Uh, Speedo is 167.
A naval ring, 111.
Prince Albert piercing 65.
Tom piercing 57.
Earing is 41.
That's...
I was supposed to add something, but I'm not there, so I can't do it.
Chris can do it.
Right.
Pinky ring.
Pinky ring?
Yeah, pinky ring.
Earing is 41.
Sandals 21.
Go T12.
Necklace 9.
And a mustache.
Nine.
Out of 881 vote.
People will have the thousand.
Look at his foot.
Maybe this hour I'll wipe out it.
Look at his foot.
Look at his foot.
So we got two short fields there for the first two races.
Six and six.
Okay.
That means not a lot of horses, right?
Ha ha ha ha ha.
All right.
Hey, I'm just making a lot of scratch here.
I'm going down, I guess.
This is a handy capping 101.
Because I might know nothing.
Well, we know you know nothing.
Right.
So we give you the $168 dollar last time.
We think rub that.
That's the rest of my life.
No more except nothing in your heart asking you all to say
anybody else.
You don't forget anything.
I just picked the numbers.
You only got six and six.
Okay.
I mean, I'm looking at the entries here in the jockeys
and the morning line odds.
In the first race, when you got a horse that's six to five in a morning line,
I mean, he's going to be prohibitive favorite.
It means the devil is going to pay about, I don't know, maybe eight bucks.
Yeah, you're going to explain that wheeling thing to me again.
Dr. Stick as in stick it, stick it, stick it, like that.
Ticket.
See, that's an omen right there.
Pascasio Lopez is the jockey.
And a horse is six to five in a morning line,
which is having prohibitive favorite.
The next, the next lowest price is the four scar bum at three to one.
So Dr. Stick looks like at least what I got in front of me,
which doesn't tell me anything.
Maybe a mortal lock.
You know what that means?
No.
Like pretty, pretty guaranteed to win.
Okay.
I'll hear it or something.
I thought I saw that.
So I don't know.
You don't want to wheel him in the double because the devil's not going to pay.
That would cost for, you could bet a dollar wheel at six bucks.
But if the devil pays eight bucks in for a dollar,
you only get four bucks.
Facts you lose money.
Okay. Well, we'll do that.
I'm looking at one of the handy crappers picks the two B.L.s Metropolitan.
He's five to one in a morning line.
And the favorite is the five in the second race.
So I'm leaning toward like six to six five.
Okay.
I got to get a program.
Six to two.
I'll write it down.
Not official yet.
I mean, it's a long way before the race.
First race is what?
One or one 15.
What if it's he doesn't think?
Yes.
So we got a long way to go.
We do a lot of four play before we play.
Go miss the chances to triple con contenders battle it out in the golf course
doing parts final stakes race before the derby as they present before the Kentucky Derby.
It present the 150,000 dollar holy bull stakes this Saturday that's tomorrow April 12th.
Super sized to a mile in 316th.
The holy bull has served as the prep derby of for some of the greatest three-year-olds in
Thurbera history like Barborough and Funnyside.
And we just three weeks to go before the first leg of the triple crown is a must-see
for racing enthusiasts everywhere.
Holy Bull tomorrow.
And as always, Gostin features three admission over 5,000 three parking passes plus two world
class casinos.
George, little George is there today.
No charge is here him.
And who would pay anyway?
The best poker room in South Florida brand new video poker lounge and fabulous dining options,
including Christine Lees and 10-poms Super Buffet.
So, Mars the Holy Bull and George is going to be eating up the storm.
Sure Steve is going to go around.
Make the rounds there and get you some chow.
That's right.
You're going to get a program right now.
He already starts gulching and puking.
And depending on the time jiff is on the show lot of belching going back.
Too bad about that guy that they got in Mexico that killed the chick.
You know what I'm talking about?
No.
The Marine.
He's kind of like a, huh?
The Marine.
The Marine, yeah. He's kind of a human looking guy.
He looks almost pretty decent.
Yeah.
You like to think, well, you're looking a guy that's like a decent looking guy.
You think, oh, he couldn't hurt a fly in a like Tony Perkinsville.
Surprise.
That only nasty looking people can be like ax-ass murders, you know?
Surprise.
That's right.
Just because somebody looks pretty good, don't be there a nice guy.
Well, now what is this?
Oh, boy.
I'm getting more ad facts this morning.
Don't you think he's that like poison?
Oh, I'm getting like ad texts on my phone.
You get those?
No.
I do.
Ad text on your phone?
Yeah.
Just wait.
You'll get the...
Oh, I would kill somebody.
What's the biggest name?
The best out of Tito is the old Rajesh.
Forty-two-five-six-e-q-a-m.
The next fourth leader.
It's thot-twot Friday.
You bested.
Yeah.
The next third leader.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
It's thot-twot Friday.
And the next third leader.
It's thot-twot Friday.
And the next fourth leader.
You'll get lots of questions.
Gotta show it so far.
Yeah, yeah.
All right.
We got one move.
konstant number 6.
all the spot in his well-look at
what's that reflection of the Chinese glasses up?
It's a ghost!
They spend every how many minutes on it, and see an
uncertainly not news this morning. You people at CNN are all
being jailed, okay? You know, they're all being federal
presidents except for Susan Candy-Odie, is there anybody
in the Jack Capriody? Everybody else straight to jail.
Especially Ricky Tiki Sanchez and Wolf Blitzkrieg.
And when look at scenario, they force him to eat
a trache.
So speaking of your good close personal friend,
yeah, yeah.
So I was told by, I can't say whom, that's not on the phone.
Oh, and your close personal friend, Rimmer called me last night to invite me
to take him to lunch tomorrow. That's Rimmer with the mustache?
Yes. Mustache Pete.
Yeah. Yeah, you know what they say about that?
Well, that whole ring's in its him. I just want to kill myself.
I go to the balcony and I don't care.
Oh, we were here for five days. He's a grandpa now.
His daughter-in-law spit out a kid, and now he's a grandpa.
So I'm supposed to be excited about that.
And I'm, so we'll have a celebratory lunch, I guess, tomorrow that I'll buy.
Cheap bastard. But at any rate, so I had another call
and during the conversation I come to find out that your friend,
a goddess, who is so highly touted,
oh, she's nationwide and they're America, but these people are making
any money. Yeah.
And it was America, of course, wasn't paying any money.
I mean, it was not only not much salary there, but also it was like touch and go
as to whether they were going to get paid.
Scare America. As you know, they're a little financially challenged.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
So now, the new deal is the Nova M Radio Network has thrilled to announce the
edition of the Randy Road Show to its nationally syndicated town offerings
beginning Monday, April 14th, this Monday.
So she ain't going to be off here very long.
All of the Nova M Radio Network I never heard of.
And nobody else did either.
I never did. Well, I'll be telling you in a minute.
Okay. And it says here,
Randy Road's is the number one rated progressive talk radio host in the nation.
Right.
Nova M CEO John Manzo says,
I just can't stop smiling.
Randy is simply the biggest and the best.
Randy Road's in Mike Moloil under one roof talk about talent.
Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo! Woo!
What?
Randy Road's ads with Manzo at the home of Nova M.
I'm truly going to work for the best of the best.
He is Radio Aleth.
And I am too, she laughs. I'm home. I'm home. I'm home.
Whatever that is, I have no idea what that means.
So Randy Road Show will air live Monday through Friday,
3 a 6 p.m. Eastern on the Nova M Radio Network.
And then here's a blurb about Nova M.
It's in the business of building a progressive talk radio network
with the original founders of Air America Radio,
who also can't pay their bills.
Nova M Radio is a affiliate market to food L.A.
Chicago San Francisco Dallas Seattle Miami Miami.
Woo! What station?
I have no idea.
Phoenix Portland plus both Syrias and XN satellite radio.
Nova M Radio nationally syndicates the Randy Road Show
and the Mike Moloil Show Malloy Show
and operates Radio Station 1480 KPHX in Phoenix, Arizona.
And it's got a blurb about Randy about the goddess.
Do you want to hear it?
Okay.
What?
About Randy Road's.
Randy Road's is a radio pioneer who put progressive talk radio
on the national stage when everyone told her it could not be done.
The Brooklyn native became a national talk radio
and hero to millions when in 2004 she left South Florida radio
where she had the number one ranked show in her talk show
in her market for national syndication.
When did she have the number one ranked show?
I don't know.
What did I?
Randy started her radio audacity quite modestly
by playing classic country in the storefront studio in 7th Old Texas
but today holds the mantle of the number one progressive talk show
host in the nation.
Randy is impeccably researched and infectiously funny.
She started the HBO documentary, Left of the Dial,
is listed in talk magazine's heavy 100 and probably watching
a C-SPAN right now.
She knows her craft.
And she gets sued a lot and suspended like that.
You go girl.
Yeah, that's right.
And got big pair because everybody's jammed, slammed, slammed jammed.
Wow.
So there's no money there.
That's what I'm trying to think.
Right.
There are well these people who think, oh gee, so-and-so is nation wide
and this one is, you know, on serious.
They're not making any money.
The only one's making any money is Howard.
He hopped it up all for himself.
You know, and that's fine.
More power to him.
He needs, you know, a hundred million years just to take care of the hair and the nose.
There's some things as long as I live I will never understand them.
Well, that's cause you're a silly old fart, Neal.
Yeah, you don't even like Bob Marley.
You talk about the Howard thing?
Yeah, I don't understand it.
I don't even feel like a trying.
I do not understand it.
Oh, you got to get I'm serious, Neal.
You got to get I'm serious.
Like I said yesterday and I'll say it again.
Sometimes the poison that you know is the preferred poison.
Okay.
It's a positive one that you don't know.
Now, Chief Channel, we know about them.
We know about the sad history, the PD Bulger and all the whole deal.
And we see the direct that they put on here.
And of course, just keep recycling the same old stuff and opening up a pot and putting a swill on here.
Well, look at that.
The thousand hundred and fifty three.
There must be something really bad going on today.
Or something really good.
You know, I think nine hundred eight votes are well, all depends on who's doing what.
I'm who's facing the public today more than yesterday.
Thank you again, Mr. President for those low gas prices and your 28% approval rating.
I can't imagine why you butcher you lunatic.
I see you better not say that you get suspended.
That little business about forgiving suspended.
I hear American.
But hey, there's the your freedom of speech, you know, people.
Your first amendment people.
What, you're American?
Well, isn't that what the left is one of the things that's supposed to be important to the right?
Not bad.
Not not not not.
Not the other difference.
In addition to which come to find out that the movers and takers from that organization are swillery people.
No kidding.
Yeah.
G.
So, my man just making it official.
Obviously.
So the fact that he was a slying swillery and draining for our you go girl and Geraldine by the way come up there.
Oh, well, I think she ought to be fired.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It turns out to be a really simple and bitch.
With a mob family, whatever her story is.
Remember that when she was running a trip?
Well, I got certain skeletons in a closet.
That's what Mario Cuomo was always saying.
Everybody said, hey, Mario, you're great.
You're a wonderful speaker.
You're a great leader.
You ought to run for president.
Oh, well, we got the skeletons in a family closet.
Uh-huh.
Then bodies of the basically.
What do they mean when they say that skeletons in the family closet?
What are they talking about?
I'll get it.
Well, here's something for you.
For all you heterogies out there.
Oh, thanks.
New movie offers just keep coming in for Lindsay Lohan.
Last month, the 21 year old accepted a part of the upcoming Manson Girls, where I should play one of Charles Manson's devoted followers.
Now, the son reports.
Lilo, Lilo.
How do you say that?
Linda Lilo?
You got J. Loh and Lilo.
Sure.
Lilo, Lilo, whatever.
You call it.
Set to play an infomaniac waitress in Florence.
Lindsay purportedly counted the producer's request for a top of sex scene with a full frontal offer.
She is fully aware of the potential of her body, a tensile tonne pal insisted.
Lindsay wants to build up an image as a mature, responsible actress, naked preferably, I guess.
All right.
She got big boobies.
I don't even know what they're doing.
They're big enough.
They're big enough.
Sure.
I see.
I have.
Big enough to use your hands on.
The minor money that comes with the indie flick isn't a turn off for the I know who killed me.
Star Lindsay doesn't care.
She's getting paid peanuts inside her full of paper.
She wants to remind people she can act in and she's worth hiring.
Right.
If she does trip down for the film that will make Lindsay's second skin-tastic appearance this year,
in February, she paid homage to Marilyn Monroe and a fleshy photo shoot for New York magazine.
That's right.
Well, unlike some of these other pseudo, the way they say that somebody's posing nude, but they really dope.
She did.
Yeah.
She actually showed it.
Did she have one?
She has two.
What about next to the other?
No, I don't mean those.
Well, she didn't show that.
Oh.
I know.
So what have we got?
I'm sure that although I think she is one.
People in America will probably be very upset if I said that on the Earth.
Well, you're going to get suspended.
No, I don't think so.
That's the one thing I'll say here is they don't.
They don't deal with what you say too much unless it's about parts.
They don't care who you rip or tear or shmere or whatever.
They're going to get it in fabric.
They will move as long as it isn't fabric.
Tearing fabric, get it.
You never heard that?
You never heard that?
No.
You just tear a hole in your jeans just tearing fabric.
What was that?
When somebody farts?
Never heard it.
All right.
Well, tearing fabric?
Yes.
See, there are some of these things that I'm way out of the loop on.
You know what?
And like I've always said, I'm really pleased to be able to say, you know, come on down here.
Get out of your ivory tower.
I'm thrilled to be out on the street level.
Well, where's that marine again?
I still say it looks pretty good.
Give me a couple of weeks.
I'll straighten his ass out.
I doubt it.
917, although he tends to be a lot.
Although he looks like a crazy person.
He's got that kind of look, that fiery look in the eye.
I'm like kind of like...
Faining!
Like that.
So anybody there yet playing the slots or what?
It sounds like...
No, you'd hear it.
You'd hear it?
But I imagine that if you're a slot player, you probably go to the main casino upstairs.
I'm serious.
We'll afford it.
Certainly, that's where you would go, right?
Oh, I'm playing my brain.
What's the biggest name?
The best time of the season's end of the year.
The 40-50-60-QAM.
The fourth leader.
Why the U.S. do...
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to Dhamma people killed.
With the cast that we sold him.
First time a dresser nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nook there's ocean and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
3000 people killed.
Are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Go in after sent down to.
Plankato's Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in London.
But no one seems concerned all.
I'm being complacent.
Believe in every word of this cartel administration.
Black control does my fear through medium manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of past destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not see ash crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, pockets, all are saying.
Blind obedience, cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of robo, battle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall and have a virgin in skull with no objection at all.
Till the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade washpits.
I rack as some weapons of past destruction.
You're fair.
Only I rack as some weapons of past destruction.
1034, 26, 11 and 5, 60 WM drugs and the Bell Stream today all during the show.
Go out there and bring them a big bag of money. Small bills, please.
Here's a bunch of drugs.
Yes.
And food.
All of these things.
Well, you know, you can find a pool that will tell you just about anything that you want.
So they sell kinds of pools.
But this one is interesting.
Okay.
Public policy pooling.
Whoever.
They are.
All right.
Barack Obama has taken the lead over swallowing 45 to 43 in Pennsylvania according to the newest survey from public policy pooling.
A remarkable turnaround from PPP's last Pennsylvania pool conducted two and a half weeks ago that showed swallowing with a 26-point lead in the state at that time.
That pool was released at the end of the Jeremiah White Controversial day before Obama's major speech on race in Philadelphia.
Obama has been training upward in national polling in May state level pool since then.
And this survey reflects that pattern.
And then of course there was swallowing with her Bosnia problem.
And that sniper fight.
Oh, geez.
Oh, yeah.
They're duck sweethearts.
In the last two weeks, there's been increasing attention to the fact that a continuing divisive democratic nomination fight could hurt the party's chances of defeating John McCain this fall.
Said Dean Devnam.
President of public policy polling, the major movement in Obama's direct and pencil and it could be an indication that Democrats in the state think it's time to wrap it up.
Obama's narrowing the gap with white voters, training just 49 to 38 while maintaining his customer's significant lead with black voters, he leads their 75 to 17 point.
Obama also leads among all age groups of 17 as citizens with whom Clinton's got a big 50 to 34 lead.
The pool shows the standard gender gap of the bomb leading by 15 points among men while training by 10 points with women.
A survey 1224 likely democratic primary voters on March 31, April 1st, no way full fooling.
Public policy polling by the way had the most accurate numbers of any company in the country for the democratic primaries in South Carolina and Wisconsin, as well as the closest numbers for any organization that pulled the contest in Texas and Ohio.
So, evidently this isn't just some fly by night bunch of elunitex.
Okay.
All it could be, but you never know.
So how do you like that? That sounds pretty interesting, but it's only April 11th when we got another 11 days before the pencil made in primary.
But, by the same token, Obama loses 10 point advantage over McCain who's now time with both Democrats, the fact that he's what I tell you about the American people.
Bush has got a 28% approval rating and this elunitex wants to continue his policies who loves the war,
who never met a war he didn't like. They like him.
Based on what? He's a war hero, like Michael.
Oh, like Eisenhower. Right.
Republican Senator John McCain is the race senator of Barack Obama's 10 point advantage and ahead to head match up living him essentially tied with both Democrats, according to an APP source national poll police yesterday.
Last late in February, Obama led McCain 51 to 41. The current survey taken April 79, had them each at 45%.
In February, Clinton led McCain 48 to 43. The latest survey showed her with a 48 to 45 lead, but because of the margin of error in the poll, Clinton and McCain are statistically tied.
So it's who, who now know?
Once they find out that McCain is a crazy person, once they find out, yeah, sure not.
They'll say, oh, we like him. We like the last crazy, the one that's in there now.
We don't like him too much in the polls, but there's something about him. We can't put our finger on. Maybe it's the naked chicken, the sun rises up to the team.
Seriously, they spent like a whole segment on that. They can't go away.
And what do you think that is? She's bald.
He's being why? That's one of the things they said.
She looks bald, baby. She looks bald. She looks like a bald.
Maybe that's why he's looking at his pussy. Maybe.
I remember he just shot her and shot her hair off or something like that. Who knows?
This is the kind of shrine that goes on on television. I think television ought to be illegal between now and after the election.
That are just a special programming of it. Like what? Yeah, naked naked people. Yeah.
Like that movie ought to be on 24-7, the covenant or something for a straight people.
There you go. There's nothing wrong with the covenant. Don't be not going to be APM. We could mix it up.
Yeah, mix this up. That?
926 votes on Chris' poll. You're going to get 1000 pretty soon here. I'm thinking by maybe 1130 thereabouts.
Oh, right. And then we can change the poll if I had no one on there, but I don't.
So I better go during the break. I better go to a Charlie Beast. All we had a good one, didn't we?
Yeah. Oh my God. I can't believe it. It's like a miracle.
You people keep sending these polls and please pretty close and we appreciate them for a few.
Here's the one. Which of these do you find most difficult to do?
Lie, cheat, steal, love, trust, listen, sympathize, hate or forgive?
Okay. You don't like that? I like it a lot.
I'm popping it over to Eric right now and once we get to 1000, I'm going to have this up there for the whole bit weekend.
I just thrilled about that. I know these polls say it'll free you and by the way, FUTSY is still working on that best burger in town.
He's in the finals now, baby. Tobacco Road and Char Hut.
Tobacco Road is kicking big fat and nasty. Now, you guys either one of you heard of Tobacco Road in the movie.
Yeah. Been there. And a couple of times. What about it?
Was it good? It's in my alley.
That's not what I asked. In Miami. I know it's in Miami.
I've been there for years. Yes, it's good.
And for FUTSY poll, they got the best burgers and burgers in town.
Yeah. Well, they could be on fire. I mean, they could be golden. I'm not going to drive all the way down there.
They could be. What about you? Because you live in Dave County.
Yeah, no. And? No. Never been there. No. Never heard of it.
No. You don't want to? Like, I know Tobacco Road, the area. I've never heard of a place like that.
What do you mean? Did the area call Tobacco Road in Dave County? I never heard of that.
And, uh, wherever, I don't know. Is it by Ojas? No, because that's on you.
Where is Tobacco Road? I don't know. It's downtown Miami, the place.
Downtown Miami? Yes. There are abouts. And I've been there a couple of times.
And they have good food. They had a big lobster special.
But when they have, they have, they have live music. I don't have a comminuous house.
They're about. So I mean, you know, it's all.
Oh, hi, Daniel Rogers. It's Gil Seagalve. And the buzzer's here to check.
Right. I want to talk about the comminuous house.
Those are the days, baby. WKAT, Gil Seagal and the comminuous house.
What if Gil's related to Chris Matthew?
The biggest names of best houses.
Gil's new logics. 4.25.60.9.
The fourth leader.
Wait the only.
She looks like a guy.
She's 17. Why?
She makes me want to destroy.
A chick with a dick.
With two smelly chins.
A clotted and ugly fan.
A drunken girl.
She possibly needs to stop the music.
And riffing her in asks what songs like this.
But we find that a music from a self-promoting ugly bitch.
How much were you paying?
How much were you paying?
Or Monica's paying?
Or Monica's paying?
I reach her to see the lens game.
The buzzer's moving, moving, moving, moving.
The trips are bouncing.
I wish you all would be low.
I'll jump high, you'll be able to do out there.
I know you'll be crazy at this.
Wait me about so far away.
Just who do you think you're fully?
You had a conscious ugly smelly dick.
You're really not judging a Chris.
You fell in love with me.
1046, 14, 411 and 560.
Somebody came out.
Must be starting to get a little bit...
They are in there.
Russell and Irwin.
By the way, there are people playing the slots now.
I don't know how they're doing.
They're on the other side of the...
Any bells ringing?
Any people are screaming?
No, bells ringing.
I don't hear no screaming yet.
But they're people taking their positions.
They're tables with their programs.
I got my program here.
Thank you, Steve.
I feel like one of the crowd.
I got my coffee.
I got my program and my pen.
I'm looking over it as if I know what it means.
You're one of the crowd.
You haven't got a clue.
My hair is turning white.
Do you have any scratches in the first two races?
Is it up on the toast board?
No, there's nothing up there yet.
They've got the...
This is an automatic for the audience.
They're all gone.
But nevertheless, once they're gone.
Oh, no, no.
But they're sad.
I need to replay the fourth race race.
They'll get you in the lift.
They'll get you in the lift.
On the setin or the spiel.
They'll take forever to get them in the game.
Have you noticed that?
Obviously, Irwin and I have been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
I've been out there two times.
What do they got?
What do they got?
What do they got?
What do they got?
The audience.
Squad.
Exactly.
This is something to do in South Florida, which is rare.
So even you're getting into it.
Yeah, well it's something to do.
See, I'm always...
I don't want to...
I don't want to see no.
It's so popular everywhere else.
This is the thing that really kills me when I read these horror stories about,
well so far in South Florida it's been a disaster.
Yeah, like that.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, the slots.
And of course you get both set it up that way,
and they'll legislate you to make sure they did everything they're power to try to get it to fail.
But I have a feeling that the...
I don't know, it's pretty busy at the hard rock, but that's the scum I'm gonna do with that election,
and they already had it.
So they try to run up stairs when I did play,
when the fortune of 170 or whatever,
Yeah.
The place was packed.
At downstream.
Yeah.
Good.
Because I hope they have the real wheel of fortune.
Now you gotta send...
I'll get a picture.
I brought my camera.
I'll take a picture and send it to you.
During the show?
Sure.
How are you gonna do that?
Magic.
Oh, seriously?
How are you gonna do that during the show?
Do you have your computer there?
I'll take a picture with my phone and send it for my phone.
Oh, I see.
With your phone.
That's right.
Well excuse me.
That's what PCS phone.
Send your picture message.
Oh good.
I want to see the end.
You're gonna take a picture of the real fortune.
How are you gonna do that?
You said it's up on the third floor.
I'll take a walk.
I'll send someone up with my phone, likely.
Okay.
I want to see pictures of these dollar wheel of fortune machine, man.
If they're the real machines, I'll be there this weekend.
I'll be there.
Steve says they are in the wheel deal.
They are?
Yes.
How does he know?
He says he knows.
He says he's a degenerate gambler.
He knows all about the horses and the slots and all of it.
I'll be there.
George knows about the slots.
Yeah.
Just not the machines.
Right.
A Saudi blogger has made a short video featuring alleged Christian extremists preaching violence
in a Bible passage calling for war in response to an anti-coran film that sparked protests
to cause the Muslim world.
Yeah, I'll be religion this baby.
I'm gonna tell you something.
All religious extremists need to be put away.
Yeah.
Put them in alpha-trads and save the world for the rest of them.
Let them kill each other.
That's right.
Put them on the other side of a wall.
Let them kill each other.
Raid Al-Sahid told the AP through the day that the purpose of a six minute video is to
show Islam should not be judged by watching Dutch filmmaker Geert Wilders movie Fintna,
which leads terror attacks by Muslim extremists with text from the Quran.
It's easy to take parts of any holy book that are out of context and make it sound like the most
inhumane book ever written.
Al-Sahid said in the stem and posted at the end of his video.
This is what Geert Wilders did to gather more supporters to his hateful ideology to create schism.
Right.
Al-Sahid 33 said he looked at footage showing alleged Christian extremists and British soldiers
beating up a raki's from you.
And used the same methods Wilders did.
The video appeared to include footage from Jesus Camp in American documentary about a summer
camp for evangelical Christians that was nominated for a 2007 Academy Award.
However, Al-Sahid said his will be entitled Schism was not directed against Christians.
Wilders filmed his angered Muslims around the world sparking angry street protests in several
countries and triggering calls for a boycott of Dutch goods.
Well, excuse me.
What do the Dutch have?
The wooden shoes, I say cheese, hookers, drugs, magic mushrooms.
Within 12 hours an horrible, horrible pea soup.
So you've said within 12, in fact, you know where I think they get it?
Wherever we're talking with Zach the other day about the history of Amsterdam and how he's shocked
that they pee outside.
You know, I'm ever that Chris.
Yep.
That's where they get to pea soup, I believe.
You.
Within 12 hours of posting Al-Sahid said his video was removed from YouTube and Saudi Arabia
where the message from the site saying the content was inappropriate, inappropriate baby.
I sent it again with a message saying before you delete Schism, look at FITNA, both delete them both of you
being the minute appropriate.
He said, late Thursday Al-Sahid's video could still be accessed on you and other websites.
He said adding it being viewed by more than 5,000 users.
Wow, what we do.
Woo!
Right-age blogging in Arabic, there's a link to it in this story.
The YouTube video can currently be watched here.
Go to our store and get a link to it.
And of course we've got this story on our website.
If you go to your people out there that wonder, well where was this from?
Read it on our website on thearages.com.
Start reading those stories or Josh Curtis is going to get really important and stuff.
He's going to stop posting them.
Well, some days he doesn't as it is now.
Well, he's a busy guy.
Evidently, getting drunk and getting laid, I mean what the hell more is there?
There isn't. You should try it sometime.
I had a fine day yesterday.
What good?
Mine your own business.
Got laid?
Yes.
Excellent.
Well, not the way you see it.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Off.
I had some activity yesterday.
How do you like that?
All right.
All right.
Yes.
Not that it's any of your business or that I feel I have to recompel to be port these things
on the year, but since you're so long, you have to.
You're like the ones for the audience.
No, I do not.
944 votes.
What is the gayest fashion accessory a man can score?
Nippelring, tooth 28, man shoulder bag, 189.
Speedo is 173, Nippelring, 121.
A Prince Albert piercing in your thing, 173.
Tongue piercing, 60.
Earrings, 42.
That is such nonsense.
Yeah.
Got to level people voting on that poll.
Yeah, evidently.
There's the old sale old fart.
You think I'm out of touch?
Watch this.
That is not a little thing.
Table 22, vote T13, mustache, as in rumor 12.
Neckless 9 and Pinky Ring, Solomon Thedos.
What the biggest name?
The best out.
Tito Hizio Rogers, 24.
You're 5.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
This is the Neorodger show.
This is your brain.
Toto Totoori.
Any questions?
No.
This is the moment we learned something new.
Before American Idol, you danced in the nude.
You worked at a place that is called dance.
And you didn't dance for any chance.
Now see, Crest likes you even more.
You're fair.
Performing on idol was your biggest dream.
Danny Mori-Agg is not the only queen.
You say that you did it just for cash.
Show your joke and show your ass.
When you get kicked right out of the door.
Because you did for some days.
You stripped yourself down.
You sat on top of the mountain.
You wrinkled around.
You won't believe what you know.
But pictures don't lie.
You brought me some gold.
And you went for the ride.
You did for some days.
It's all in the news.
You say you love music, but you also love dudes.
You dance for some days.
You dance for some days.
Now vote for najor gigitation!
George Howard Deifies finding his gradson soon.
right by the way you know we do have some cheesy prizes as uh...
as you know
t-shirts and hats and
things like that
right
for the humans that show
now that anybody show up yet in the first hour no
there are people
nobody
nobody not not one
no there are people here but no there are not a lot of our people
and not even
no that even g
what
i think that even
wow
that's a word
lonely out there
that's not only
i'm not talking about that
that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
if you're that lonely boy that that that that that that that that that
nine fifty six on your full watch really slow there Chris i thought you'd
already be the one thousand easy
now that you're taking a reason
they're just taking a reason it was up there loaded ready to go
maybe they don't like the new one maybe they want to keep this one on their
for a while
bush administration officials from vice president dick tani on down signed off
on using harsh interrogation techniques against suspected terrorist
and after asking the justice department to endorse their legality the a.p.s
learned
officials also to care to insulate president bush
from a series of meetings where c.i. interrogation methods including water
boarding which simulates drowning were discussed and ultimately approved
condolese by the way was in on these meetings as well
long-wage on ascrock george tenet
colon paul rolling colon and condolese
a former senior u.s. intelligence official familiar with the meetings described
them yesterday the a.p. to confirm details first reported by abc news on
wednesday the intelligence officials spoke on condition that animity because he
wasn't authorized to discuss the issue publicly and
he values his life a little bit
between two thousand two and two thousand three the justice department should
settle my most from its office illegal counsel that justified using the
interrogation tactics and food ones that critics call torture
if you looked at the timing of the meetings and the memos you'd see a correlation
to former intelligence official said those who attended the does the meetings
agree that there need to be a legal opinion on the league out of these tactics
before using them and al-Qaeda to tani's
the former official be saying
the meetings were held in the white house situation room in the years everybody's
got a situation room and
in the years immediately following the night of the tax attendent sessions
were chained then bush attorney general john asked
craft
secretary state colon paul sell out c.i. director judge senate national security
adviser
condolese
poliza condolese
well now a swirley was under the balling that's another thing
they spent not just the reflection in chained sunglasses they spent about five
minutes on cn in this morning
uh... showing pictures of swirley bowling and obama bowling and
well sorry with the that bulldog allen and the who's the biggest guy to the
mall and like that
boring
how we want to work for you at the biggest mall i see
the white house justice in state department and the c.i.a. refused comment
through the displacement for george tenet a message for ask for a family
return he's too busy taking those uh...
putting sheets over those naked statues
all the capital that the police police
yeah all i need to put in sheets over boobies
senator ten candy land based over the discreet is yet another astonishing
disclosure about the bush industry and the use of torture
who would have thought that in the u.s. in the twenty-first century
top officials of the executive branch would routinely gather in a white house
to prove torture can be sent to statement
you can you go get them to
and then threatened to drive mall home
long after president or she's left office our country will continue to pray
the price for the administration's renegade repudiation of the rule of law
and fundamental human rights
said ten
disgraceful who cares about that when you're an important stuff going on like
dancing with the star
yet that is so i mean come on
is it my wrong about that
what yeah
or get a homosexual way to get a lay way to be sure
that's what i mean
really yeah
dancing with the stars and there's a station teller again he can make up his mind
what she wants to be you know
with a calendar you know with his modeling and calendar is dancing and football
all other crap
all how can you say that about the great station teller that's terrible that
that's sacrilege to bad
leaves me limp makes me want to bond
although i'm sure Chris is a big fan
of a whole player yet everything else on the
of his dancing
haven't watched it
nine fifty nine and a pool boy this hour better get to that thousand i'm just
gonna lose my confidence in you all again
and what's the story we got any information up there or not
no but during the story of the
once someone up with my camera no we don't have any information you keep
trading to do these things and nothing
the police doesn't open to eleven
like the victims of the open to eleven we discussed that earlier
you said ten or eleven
and then i said eleven
he said he loves years
yeah well eleven oh seven now i'm a chair
so there's breaks somebody will run up and get some pictures
take a picture of the dollar wheel of fortune machine
on a good machine line and also want to see what the jackpot is up there i'm
we're list up on top you know
okay
which in the progressive jackpot which here are a woodman there hundred and
sixty six and other hundred and ninety grand
because they're all connected so they're all keep going up and going up and
about once every six months somebody wins one
on that
and Chris is saying why do you get out tomorrow morning i'll be getting up
really early to go to wood buying by the way Chris
congratulations
beginning up probably around five five thirty i'll be there by six or six
thirty the morning there will be almost nobody there
i can find me whatever machine i want to play peace and quiet
and if it's not paying off trying another one and the sea is it's not i don't
understand why so difficult to understand that
if you have even the most now that we've talked about it i understand your
reasoning
when the first time you said oh yeah i got up at five o'clock in the morning
to go gambling
it was funny
once you've explained it's easier to be a
fine day no you don't know for you because you're gonna have to like five thirty
in the morning
to go fishing
see personally i mean i'm just speaking for myself i would rather get up at five
in the morning i don't want to get up at five in the morning period i don't
want
but i do because i enjoy to have a good time usually pretty lucky when i go
out there or real early
not always sometime
back in the day when i was a novice of this crap and i'd get up like a two
thirty in the morning and have my can be picked me up at three in the morning
and take me out there on the weekend and it would still be jam packed and you
still couldn't get the machine you want it
well because on the weekend people can you know i can stay at all four or five
in the morning till they collect to go broke and put on all their credit cards
and then finally they pass out and i'll bail out of it
on a weekend they don't have to get up and go to school go to work go to uh
hell whatever next day follow go to lunch go to lunch
George i will without looting what's Steve gonna bring you today
i don't think i'd have been uh you know some corbith
hmm corbith sandwich air traveler angst was sure to continue today is american
airlines rounded hundreds more flights all right american you guys are doing it
the financial tool and loss of good will likely would grow as well as the
inspecial related mess spread further to other carriers and her industry
already bleeding cash thanks to high fuel costs
the people of america wanted me to say hey thanks mr. president for those
very very modest gas prices let's take a look at how everything is doing here on
this a bnn on this uh i don't know what that stands for
body that's amazing that's Canadian Canadian business new business news network
aha actually it says it right there so if i weren't so stupid i could
but i figured it out myself gold nine hundred and twenty four dollars eighty
cent nons well i should have put all our money into gold shouldn't we
uh huh George by the way he's got this real hot shot attorney that's
going to get him a big deal when we uh we sign our deal you guys they go
care this name is uh Jan Murray
uh oil hundred nine dollars and fifty uh oh hundred nine
dollars sixty six sixty three cents a barrel it keeps changing it changes like
more than once in a second isn't that shocking
uh... the Canadian loony is only ninety seven ninety that's good news for me
it's down from like a buck ten at one point but they are always one fifty
eight and change while almost one sixty not good
nish good so i guess you're gonna have to cut down as your paint strips
all right dammit just what you start to get good
lawmakers are asking questions and some fed up air travelers are heading for
trains others gave the airlines the passing the companies were doing the best
they could if somebody's got a choice between being in a plain
crash and being late is there a choice jane Bernard or writer from
New York who was delayed by at least three hours on route from LaGuardia to
Miami what's the big hurry Mingo Valencia sixty-year-old struck at
Hartfield Jackson at land international airport struck there while heading home
to middle of Texas wasn't so gracious poor management he said
Congress also weighed in yesterday the FAA official ordered safety on his last
month Nicholas Sabatini faced tough questions from a set of subcommittee
about the agencies lacks oversight of airlines and his own accountability for
recent breakdowns the FAA noted that airlines had eighteen months to check
electrical wiring and the eighty-getsons and initial order was issued in
September 2006
say I've also got an article in here about this another airline it's going
bust frontier lines you hear them yeah sure Northwest
floating I think you're pretty I have float on there that's what when you
when you walk in front your airlines files for bankruptcy but
plans to keep running all right they filed for chapter 11 but unlike other
airlines filing for bankruptcy in recent weeks frontier plans to keep running
while it reorganizes the low-fair carrier said it's filing Friday came
after unexpected attempt by its principal credit card process to start with
holding significant proceeds from the cell phone tear tickets which threaten to
hurt frontier's liquidity the chapter filing in US Bank of C.C.
Court in New York prevents the credit card process of increasing its
whole back frontier CEO Sean Mankees said
by filing for chapter 11 now we have time and legal protection necessary to
obtain additional financing and enhance our liquidity
frontier whose major hub is Denver has been affected as other airlines by
rising fuel costs and the credit crisis in financial markets it operates
flights out of Fort Lauderdale West Palm Beach for Myers-Roland or Tampa
and Jacksonville and Florida ATA skybus and Aloha our
air group of all-file for bankruptcy recently but Mankees said
frontier's reasons for doing doing so work different
they're gonna keep flying of course they might have to you know bail you out
and mid-flight because they don't have enough fuel to get you to where you're
going but at least at least you'll take off maybe it's a good sign take
off hey yeah like I did I'm Tuesday just took off I thought I
looked back and I thought it was fun and I stopped run away back a one to
eight-hour butcher wood mine and that is a very good thing for the next day when
at 2600 see there you see there Chris mr. Hockshot
966 on the pool I'm thinking that you're gonna have far too good to a thousand
otherwise he a team up off of his head
the best out here his new projects
squarely the 5.62 am the sports leader even loves Neil Rogers
girls gone wild is the video that shows real girls
flashing their glitz during spring break we can Florida
but what about the hotties who spend the whole year in Florida now they've got
their own video it's golden girls gone wild
who's in it why it's all your favorite golden girls
Dorothy Rose which and they always said I did so
for sure to think what was under that trap well you won't have to think
because golden girls got wild it's two full hours of these
ravenous retirees showing loads of wrinkly skin I am the most attractive and
available woman in all of my am it golden girls
gone wild these hotties what hot flashes are going topless every chance they
get except when there aren't right as players are now I'm gonna be able to open my
mouth again it doesn't get any sexier than this but they'll take our word for it
listen to what the golden girls are saying about each other she was like
a for going it's golden girls gone wild watch it just one time and you'll
agree dark day in the history of mankind golden girls gone wild
pull out it's 1117 boy there was a bad spinoff
mod that's uh wow that never be a good pull question what's the worst spinoff
MTV his good idea we haven't done that mod rota
ooh denren pretty fly swall we used to now you got the scratches yet for the
first duration probably aren't no you got nothing there's nothing right although
the boys upstairs taking pictures of my fault as we speak the boys yeah what
boys are going Steve and Lee the first race it would by last night for
staff ruin he'll find the first just got scrytsy off the
little fun turn so it's the three to five big big society cat in charge here
back in a second now trot salon clerk magis and we're all
you're too erasing intensive like I said the audience gets really nervous and jerky
and he's like oh gee I think woo woo what's he is about that the pull on now about the burger
we better turn that on you know deal mic three wide around that one goes in the
proverbials three quarters one twenty one two three five five five five five five five
six you know what I think about talk oh god just sitting chilly a late break for
finish line nobody's up in the air too bad running up from the pocket spot is clerk
magis straight with three likes to make up on the leader and it's still society cat with a
three to five shots three sixty for a two bucks that's not so bad if you have like 20 000 bet
you know what's really really fun what sex when you when you're going to like some
put on track like Jackson harness raceway and Jackson mission where we used to go a lot
in my Michigan days and you've been enough to change the odds on a horse in other words
is so little like early oh yeah yeah that's right 20 bucks hard horse the horse is like a one to five
heavy favorite because you're 20 bucks that's great man it's just kind of fun I mean it's
like you feel powerful yeah look at the pop at a hundred bucks to win it's like one to nine
Hillary Clinton used to trademark laugh on Thursday
to deflect a question about the eight hundred thousand dollars her husband earned in 2005
giving speeches for a bogartop based group that supports the Columbia free trade agreement the
same trade deal that she currently opposes ask by CNN if those earnings represent the conflict
of interest given that she's dipped into a family's pocketbook to play campaign bill
Clinton threw up her hands and laughed loudly for several seconds
how many angels dance on the head of a pin she was finally continuing to giggle
I have really nothing nothing I mean how do you answer that she has nothing that's right
you have nothing on it the New York Senator explained that what she's boiling though she in fact
she was throwing lots of good balls I mean I know Obama through one but she threw a whole bunch of
good balls that's where she belongs in the gutter the New York Senator explained that there are
different sides to the argument over trade and re-emphasize your own opposition to the trade deal
a seemingly Colombian government's outrageous record of targeting labor leaders
up against the Columbia free trade deal she said it doesn't matter who talks to me it doesn't matter
any circumstances whatever that means I've been against it I am against it I will be against it
the kind of absent the kind of changes in behavior that I've been calling for from the Colombian
government you know those Colombians earlier in the press conference to describe your husband's
advocacy for the trade deal Clinton said everyone's free to express their opinion
yeah well he's free to express his opinion but he ain't getting none from her anymore as if
they got the pictures the enemy yeah they came back apparently there's a no-picture policy but
they had to be sneaky about it we probably shouldn't say that on the air well what difference does
it make and why is there a no-picture policy why ask somebody who said there's no pictures
oh wait there goes a no no just made that up was you just joking about it no I'm gonna send you
what they took they snuck some probably shouldn't say that on the air why not why not if it's like
the real thing yeah like coq it's the real thing although we don't like coke that much
if I don't like it at all you'll be pleased to know that I'm drinking my caffeine free that I
Pepsi again today we've got gallons of it jugs big jugs so you're gonna y'all who me that yes great
well that's gonna give me all whipped up and then probably later on today I have to rush out
the lifeline punch my guts out I'm not addicted to slots I'm addicted to the real fortune
dollars and a little bit five dollars like on Wednesday
is that can you can you relate to that I mean is it possible to reach his own but yeah you
enjoy that game yes and so you play that game I like to spend all of the spins
people like to play you know guitar hero or dance dance revolution that's right there you go
and of course I love the he-haw the chicken just screaming chicken he's he he he he he he he he
how do I look at him screaming chickens out there you better play that game
everywhere. Oh, not the machines though.
976 votes on the pool and I think pretty soon we're going to get to a thousand
all over going there very slowly Chris. Nice. Nice.
Nice. Nice.
Slowly like the tortoise. Nice.
78 like I just said.
What's the gayest fashion accessory a man can sport?
Nipple Ring 233. Man's shoulder bag 194.
Speedo is 181.
Nipple Ring 126.
A Prince Albert piercing 76.
Cung piercing 63.
Earrings 45. Earrings my ass.
Sandals 23.
Mustache 13.
Go T13.
Neckless Dine pinky ring too.
In fact, I'll tell you one thing.
If every guy that's wearing earrings was gay, I'd be a real busy.
I'd be chasing a lot more people.
I'm funnier right now.
Keep it better shape.
Chas, I see some real real hot stud head-of-roll guys.
I'm assuming that they're wearing earrings.
All the gangster rappers wear earrings.
They're not the, you know, the ones they are.
I know you're not.
They're not even close. I'll let you deal with them.
It's your proud.
That's right.
Yo, yo.
That's where George gets the good stuff.
One of these days, man, you're going to be looking for the good stuff
and Sigourney Weaver is going to be there with a sad look on her post.
Oh, that's such a good movie man.
I think it's the wrong word.
And I actually remember the name of it this time.
Maybe that's because I finally got my blood sugar under 8,000, you know.
It's not great, but it's them.
I'm getting there.
Although, yesterday I did have something bad.
Uh-oh.
And the bad news is that this deli over here by me that I go to alive,
which used to be a real deli.
I mean, kind of like a deli.
It was like one of those places that was a deli with like all a million things on them.
So it was like American, Canadian, real deli, a little deli.
They don't have the Kishki anymore.
They haven't had that in ages.
And yesterday, what did I want?
Kishki?
No.
Hata?
No.
No.
Weedy?
No.
Oh, you wanted blitzes?
Right.
Not under many anymore.
Oh, good.
Good.
See, they saved your life.
No, they didn't.
I had a bowl of roasted mushrooms.
No splices.
Are you listening to me or not?
Roasted mushroom soup?
Oh, God was that clear.
It's got like the chunks of mushrooms in it.
And then also they like,
commence up like little bits of mushroom in it.
Yeah, they like the things that stuff.
And I had chicken parmesan,
which I didn't eat the apoclyn that comes with it.
So I was good on that cow.
I was doing okay until I pointed then.
I had a score Sunday.
Uh-huh.
What?
They're going to tie up there.
For dessert.
But then the rest of that,
I didn't eat much anything.
I got my sugar back to a almost reasonable level.
That's right.
Yeah, it's a sexy.
That's a good word.
Well, it's a calories.
It's a calories.
He birds calories off.
That's good for you.
Let's eating more that.
982.
That's all this man knows.
Screwing, screwing, screwing, doing.
What else is there?
You need 18 more votes.
I don't know.
It's a good point.
Maybe I'm going to go.
Maybe I'll leave right now.
I don't see if I can find some.
No, no, I'm coming.
Sliker.
Why not?
Wait till two.
You're the one that's Tommy.
You're instructing me.
That's right.
You're giving me life and stuff.
Wait till two.
Work before pleasure, buddy.
Oh, the lesson tools.
How big your pardon?
Dealing with polls.
I'm told that a tobacco road has a cowboy burger
that's stunning.
So, you know, you're controlled by whom?
By Mr. Jason Jackson.
I told you he's a loyal listener.
Well, that's good.
You mean jerks?
No, Jason Jackson.
He'll be out at two this afternoon,
jerks by the way.
Jerks is in the works and we got some heat stats.
Well, it would be so good when that season finally ends
mercifully.
Do you know there are only 48 games out of first place?
That's all.
I never pay any attention to the NBA,
but I was sitting having my nice lunch yesterday
without the influences.
And I was reading, you know, I want to think about me
if I go to lunch alone,
which I seldom do, but I did yesterday.
I always have to buy a newspaper or two.
And I read the papers while I'm eating.
Okay.
You can't relate to that.
I don't touch new papers with my hands already.
What else is?
Oh, that's right.
You're not a newspaper guy.
That's a better one.
So I looked at the NBA standings and I saw how I knew
that only one 14 games all season,
but to actually see that there are 48 games behind Boston
in the standing.
We'd like to hear a handful of games, but that is just
staggering, embarrassing, humiliating and degrading,
and of course in South Florida, typical.
What's the biggest one?
It's not the best out of two.
It was my budget.
It's 25.
60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Why the U.S. do...
This is the situation,
in further vacation in Wolflitzer,
the newest addition to the best news demon element in the L.D. L.D. L.D.
Hi, now this is the situation room,
but we got hit in the wide variety of situations.
Let's go now to a situation correspondent Tim Bowles.
Hi, you Bowles.
Hey there, little dude.
We got a situation.
What's the situation?
Well, it's not a groovy situation.
It's more like a...
A situation?
Sure.
Is it a sports-related situation?
Well, that's the situation.
It's the dots to me.
We're on CNN.
The best damn dose Tim anywhere in the universe!
Well, it's a good thing we got a room for this.
A restroom?
No, situation room, man.
We'll be right back after this five minute block of pharmaceutical
and big oil ads!
Look for it as your friend!
You're a round-beat friend!
RAAAAAAA!
1132 at 560 WQM.
Before you know it, it'll be noon.
And then, of course, uh,
well, pretty soon we're going to be changing the pool.
That's most important.
Second important is when we get the uh,
scratches up for Gulf Stream,
find out if we got the full field.
I say it's full field.
It's only six horses in each race.
Right.
I mean, that is that...
Make it easier...
to win.
To win last money.
Oh, okay.
The good news is I saw the pictures...
ALRIGHT!
You get both sets?
I was...
Because what?
Did you get both sets?
Because Steve said he's something to...
I think he's something to...
Yeah, two sets.
There are two pictures.
All right, well, no, the Steve said that he's something to...
Because it's uh,
phone camera phone is a little bit...
I'd like to see a picture of the whole row of machines
because the dollar machine here,
which are the right ones,
by the way, those are the real ones.
Go to Gulf Stream if you really want to play Will Affortunate.
Not the Erzatz ones like a hard rock
or the ones that don't pay at Pompo-no.
But at any rate, uh, so those are the real ones.
And I notice they have the five times
next to the double diamond ones,
which don't play the double diamond.
They suck.
I hate them.
Okay.
Well, then the payoffs on are below.
I mean, you know, on the line, it's crap.
But that's a beautiful thing
because they're the real machines, mine.
And then the five dollar machine,
really good news is that these are the two coin machines.
Not the rapier butt machine.
No, one to take...
There's some of the old ones,
which they had a couple of them at Pompo-no
in the five dollar room.
There are three coin machines, 15 bucks.
Every time you hit the button, it's 15 bucks.
What is the stool for those machines, look like?
Just like the stool in the bowl.
Just like all the stool looks like crap.
If I don't want to say it...
Three coins, my ass, on the five dollar machine.
But these are two coin jobs, 10 bucks.
I mean, it's still, you can lose a lot real fast
on those if they're, you don't get a good machine, mine.
But that's good.
Good to see.
Makes me be Jones.
How much...
And, you know what else you got to find out for me?
I'm sure I could find out online.
But since we're supposed to be promoting the hell out of Gellstream,
right, what hours the casinos are open here?
Okay.
Well, my done surprise, huh?
We will fight out.
Because of course, woodbind is 24.7.
Now, once upon a time when I started going there,
that was only on the weekend.
They were 24.7.
And like Monday through Wednesday,
they were open like from 9 in the morning until 3 in the morning.
So what I would do is, you know, on those days in the summertime,
is Monday, Wednesday and Friday when I don't work,
I'd have my cabbie pick me up at about 8.15.
And I'd be there like at 10 to 9.
And there'd be about a dozen of us standing in line waiting for them to pull away the rope,
you know, the velvet rope to open up the, you know, he's taking it going.
Yeah.
Is that sick or what?
Well, that's like going to 5 in the morning.
Yeah, it's the same thing.
Because you know something, many a time,
I would go in here and rush to my favorite $5 machine.
There was one that used to be just loose as a goose and a caboose.
And many a time, I had 5 grand on the wheel on that baby.
How do you like that?
About 10 times.
And of course the way I make it sound like,
oh gee, you're going to win so, no, of course not, you're going to lose your ass in the long run.
Y'all have to do it or not?
No, the kind of money he's making, he ought to be there right now.
He ought to be upstairs playing wheel of fortune.
Penny Machine?
You could afford to be playing the quarters.
For five yourself a great time.
What?
For five?
You could probably make more in an hour than you make all week.
What's the long-crainin' pause?
I'm telling you right now.
You could make more in an hour on the machine.
If you got a good machine, then you can only leave it in the back.
That's right.
For the first quarter.
I didn't say what the day 750 on the machine, even though it was great.
No, I didn't.
Without saying it takes money to make money, that's correct.
Well, I'm missing that first part.
Oh, and well.
Well, I'm listening.
I'm working with this real hot shot lawyer.
Yeah.
His name is Mishi Pippie-Jane Murray.
Yeah, his name is Mishi Pippie-Jane Murray.
And he's going to include you in the deal.
I'd see H-R-I-S.
Yeah.
Schminder.
989 on the pool.
Why sure wish we get to that thousand?
This is like pulling teeth at a Christmas at Friday.
And we're getting really close to paysocks not that far away.
What's it eight again?
April something.
Another week or two for Passover.
Because one now we had early Easter this 19th.
Oh boy.
So it's a week from tomorrow.
So I'm assuming the 19th it's turned out.
Correct.
Next Saturday night it's turned out.
Paysock baby, get out the Matsu.
Oh, that's still Matsu from last year.
Get out the Paisa Deque candies.
Get out the wine.
Every Jewish holiday man got a lot of wine there.
That's right.
And remember when I was five years old and we had a
satire, a Passover satire at our house.
My grandfather was alive.
Wow, that's amazing.
On my father's side.
Luxe?
No, that's my uncle.
Okay.
And they gave me a little glance of wine,
Manitiovitz.
That was five years old.
I was just, I was just tipsy man.
I was like flitting around like some kind of a
fine.
And like thinkerbell.
I guess that's when we first noticed.
But of course I could blame the wine.
Try the wine.
What's going on in Boston?
Right outside.
Here's what we did.
The state house evacuated.
Fire alarm and a pungent smell.
A pungent smell.
Fire building and then firefighters went to running through the hallways.
Well, Mitt Romney must have farted again.
9.91 in a pool.
We're getting there.
We'll make it.
So what's the story with the racing?
There's only some replays of yesterday's races right now.
Good.
Just better than just having the logo up there.
Uh-oh.
Two-fifths.
What that looks like.
We're at zero on there on the four.
158 and two in the seventh race of the woodbine.
The Z-man.
Yep.
There you go.
Barone hole.
270.
Prohibitive chalk.
That's one thing about harness racing man.
Too much chalk.
I love it.
But too much heavy chalk.
You know, who else has had a double?
$2 double and get $280 back for the double.
For two winners.
Yeah.
No, you finally figured out what the daily double is?
I think I have a good idea.
I wanted to first the first two races when you um,
bet to win in the first two races and you get them both.
Yeah, one thing.
Right.
Right.
Now sometimes there are a lot of tracks now that have like a late double.
I like the last two races.
Okay.
So that you don't have a chance to bail out.
You know, if you've been losing all day and then you bail out on the late double.
Now is that the save is the wheeling thing which I'm still not clear on?
Wheeling West Virginia.
It's wheeling down.
I see.
Chris has been there.
No, what do you mean by that?
Yeah, the wheel.
That's the wheel.
The wheeled is correct.
Oh, okay.
Wheeling is all kinds of things like you could have a little horse on top and the trifecta.
All right.
Trying to get it straight here.
A wheeled horse on top and perfect.
I want to be.
One of these guys, I want to be able to talk like fat rich.
You know, I had the two over the four or five years.
I know, I know, but just say I had the super.
I had the super like that.
I want to know all the jargons.
I had the super and I look at you like, yeah.
I want to learn all the languages including race.
I have the super.
You know what the people said?
Well, congratulations.
Get a life.
Yeah.
For rich.
For rich.
Hold me now after he died.
I'm finding things out.
I'm not really on the air with him.
Okay.
How can you know somebody for 20 some years and go to the track,
you know, two, three times a week with the same person or all that time?
And now we know that much about them.
Look at that.
See, that's one thing about me.
I'm not nosy.
I know stick my nose into people's
business.
You know what I mean?
Proof of.
That's just me.
I really, not that I'm
disinterested, but I just, I don't,
I don't really need to know.
And sometimes in life, the less you know the better off you want.
Right.
Am I right about that?
Yeah, you are.
So I like that six in the first race to a 65 in the morning line.
It's only a six horse field when you got a 65 favorite with
Pascosio Lopez.
Dr. Stig.
Dr. Stig.
Ticket.
Sticket.
Don't you see that?
I mean, it's sitting right there for us, man.
These are three year olds and also the second racist three year olds.
The one in the second race is called funny buck.
Can you remember when you say that?
I don't know.
Buddy.
Funny.
Fuck.
Bunny Lake.
The five is Prince Steve.
You ever see a buddy?
The buddy cast her.
Any cast her is Dan Goodjockey.
There are a lot of good jockeys.
There's George Chavez.
Jorge Chavez has got the three in the second race.
He's only two to one in the morning line.
Second choice.
And Eduardo Nunez is at a friend of yours that somebody you know.
Who?
Jorge Chavez.
Then you mentioned that like he, you know, like you know, but.
Because I know the top jockeys.
Okay.
Anybody knows anything about horse racing?
Those George Chavez.
Like God.
What is wrong with you?
I know nothing about horse racing.
Well, there you go.
Although he's a great jockey, though.
This means he's going to win every race.
Say what if you want to race me?
If you don't want to race me on a horse, I'll win.
You know, actually race.
Don't miss a chance to see the triple crown contenders
battle at our Gulf Stream tomorrow.
The $150,000 holy bull stakes.
A mile and three sixteenths.
And of course the holy bull services the Drmjipair
for some of the best three-year-olds in Thurbera history,
including Barbara, who wants to see him no more.
And funny side.
With just three weeks to go before the first leg of the
triple crown, it's a must see for racing enthusiasts everywhere.
The holy bull stakes, Maana, at Gulf Stream.
Let's check your email.
The best talent you'll see now.
Okay.
435.
62.
2AM.
The sports leader.
It's Friday.
You best.
Hello and welcome to a color of Shere.
Senator Larry Craig is facing new allegations about his past sexual behavior
Sunday's Idaho Statesman newspaper identifies four men
who claim they either had sex with Larry Craig
or were the subject of his sexual advances.
Senator Craig, what is your problem?
I think activity and that.
Oh, you openly admitted.
Yes.
The four guys.
Did you have sex with them?
Yeah.
Pot's be me, man on man, naked sweaty,
wrestling on the garage for work on his ex.
Yes.
That's free.
These.
Whoa, oh, Larry, your foot's touching me.
Your foot came toward my mind, came toward your work.
Was that natural?
I don't know.
No, that's not natural.
Dude, your foot unzipped my pants.
Yes.
He doesn't send it to Craig.
Unless you want to pull back a bloody stump,
it'd be best to keep your feet to yourself.
Yeah, probably do.
14th of June and I hate to break the news to you,
but Steve Sloan is like a little...
Remember him like that.
He sent me two pictures.
They're both the same picture.
Oh, okay.
Well, maybe he has...
There's nothing to do with Gulf Stream.
They have to do with him standing there
in front of a sign.
I don't know.
What?
No, I'm laughing at Steve right here.
Telling him to be a little bit technically channeled.
I think he is.
I'm talking about that.
He sent me two pictures, neither of which I'm interested in
and both of which are the same.
Okay, but the good news is he got the casino hours for you.
Yes?
Sunday, Tuesday, 9 a.m. to 3 a.m.
And then Friday and Saturday, 9 a.m. till 5 a.m.
Woo!
Yeah.
So I can go to the electricity in the morning,
plunge my guts in.
Sure, okay.
Anyway, here's the...
We didn't get to 1000.
I changed the pole anyway,
because I'm sick and tired of waiting for that last one.
It happens every...
Almost every day, doesn't it?
Yep. Yep.
We get to 9.99 and then the Erica puts his foot
as big fat foot on that big fat break.
And it's like, you know,
give me a break, Eric.
What's the gay-spacely accessory in man-con sport?
Final totals, 9.99.
Maybe it went over to 1000.
Let me see.
View previews.
Did I yet?
Oh, what it won't.
Well, what it mean not yet?
Well, if someone has it up in it,
it's the same in the background.
Um, they can go to the temple.
Yeah, yeah.
What's the gay-spacely accessory in man-con sport?
Nickel range 238.
Man-shoulder bag 200.
Speedo is 182.
Naval ring 128.
A Prince Albert piercing 78.
Tongue piercing 65.
How can you...
How can you eat when you have a Tongue piercing?
It doesn't bother them.
They say they eat around it.
Woo!
Earing is 45.
Nonsense.
Sandals 23.
Mustache 13.
Like Rimmer.
And Rene Kovacs.
Name somebody else famous without Jerry Kalona.
Well, so ring.
Mustache.
Oh.
With a Tar-Rate.
Now with mustache.
Tar-B-Sellic.
There you go.
Uh-oh.
There you go.
I'll go T13, necklace 9, and pinky ring 5.
If you have a pinky ring and you're on dancing with the star,
there's a good chance that you're...
Yay!
That you're...
YAY!
A Screamer.
Pete Lennie wears a pinky ring.
Like I said.
Does he really wear a pinky ring?
He really does.
Pete Lennie ought to wear a stinky ring.
I think it is.
He just really...
He just drives me insane.
Okay, he's just...
annoying.
Who what he is, annoying.
But sucking...
Yeah, I think he just said that they said late.
Yeah, that must be it.
Fourteen votes on the pool.
On the new one.
Which of these do you find the most difficult to do?
Here's the new one.
It's up there for you now.
Grab it.
Hop on it.
Now, if you got the scratches up there, you had her what?
No.
There's nothing on the tote board?
They're showing yesterday's races.
Yeah.
They're not tote nothing.
On the tote board, they're showing yesterday's races?
On the monitor.
The monitor.
Yeah, I know.
It's not a tote board.
And Jack puts them at his mercy at the top of the stretch.
Easy, middle-hand.
Jack, you know what?
You gotta know it.
Jack, you know what?
He's got a kicker's gut, baby.
From first over, it's gone nice.
And I'm not sure, you're in the right stretch,
but there's no way.
If you want to see the one, you gotta always go first.
And the rest still the length of the good.
And she's very clear to you now.
She wants to come across the track.
That is easy to open the guy up.
Don't be like a real baby.
Be McQueen.
Far out of the way to the other side of his stuff
or is trusting on his bed.
He's been keen to follow push right there together.
We're first dry.
Wow.
Jack, you know almost done.
He was doing it on 23-1.
It's $5.25.
That's $48.
You want to put $100 on that?
Oh, yeah.
I got that right here.
Get $2,400 back.
Okay.
I'm they're showing the seven there.
I think he won.
John, you gotta know, yeah, he did 49.50, baby.
Jackie Mohsen and Tom Yamant,
I'm an anti-Semitic and the next guy,
the Jewish driver wins the race.
Jack Mohsen, honey like that.
I know my Jewish drivers, baby.
Apparently.
Richie Silverman.
There's a few.
Not too many, a little jockey drivers, though.
I just see the thing of it is the jockey.
Now, maybe you've got a good point there.
A lot of these guys are little guys from the Latin countries.
Well, the midget's right.
From those Latin countries where they grow
them particularly slowly.
The way one.
Yeah, yeah.
Mexico, see.
Like that.
Right.
The taco could be a jockey's about that size.
The engines are small.
South American engines.
Central Americans.
They're going to come and show you a rass out of there.
Pretty slow.
Another one with being an Indian.
The jockeys aren't Indians.
Sometimes.
Let's say they're there is George.
And again, you learned, you learned everything.
It was from D-fo, from M-fo.
What's M-fo doing these days?
What horse ball station is he on now?
One of those WFTLs.
I wonder what any of these sports shows around it other than ours.
Just say, oh, it's got to be either across the street.
Those losers are Joe Feinberg's ex buddies.
Or WFTL.
Because there's 400 WFTLs.
Very pretty.
Finally got his wish.
We've got 400 sports stations now.
It's going to bring a lot more people
with the sports talk radio.
Trust me.
Right.
Uh-huh.
God.
How could a guy that walks around in a suit like him
says that stupid things, you know?
Yes, Chris.
He used to be buddies with Greg.
That's right.
That tells you a lot.
Just like Maddie Bell.
Now, is he really gone?
He's really gone.
Woo!
Boy, talk about time for a party.
He used to give you a lot of crap, didn't he?
That's about face.
Behind your back.
Well, a lot of people talk behind our back.
Sure.
Okay, so in the first race, I still, uh, now,
the windows aren't open yet.
He'll know when I'm sure.
Right.
Right.
See, I'm, I'm, I'm chomping it a bit.
Especially after seeing those pictures that you sent.
Now, who got the other pictures?
Somebody obviously knows how to use their phone.
Lee took the pictures that he sent from my phone.
Because, flee, obviously, knows what he's doing.
Steve's slow on the other hand.
I'm a lot of those.
I mean, see, took the pictures,
but he just sent the wrong ones.
I think he just, uh, resented.
Oh, wow.
There's something we look forward to, Steve.
Send me a picture of himself.
It's a...
Robert Scheer writes,
everything is present at once to hear.
Good thing you didn't see those other pictures.
Oh, what?
That he was sure.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Yeah, I don't know.
General Beatreus, of course he has.
Move on.org can hardly be expected to recycle his slogan
from last September when General David Patrace
testified in support of escalating the West War in Iraq,
given the hysterical loanceations
that were the group received at the time.
But it was right then,
as it would be to repeat the charge now.
By undercutting the widespread support for getting out of a rack
for Trans-Dedent deed,
Beatre, the Merck and Public,
citing within enormously unpopular President
who wants to save the course in Iraq
for personal and political reasons
that one contrary to genuine national security interests.
Once again, the President's passing the buck
to the uniform military to justify continuing
a ludicrous imperial adventure
and the good general is dutifully performed.
So why are we surprised?
Why do we expect the general solitus on the path of peace
when that's the professional task of statesmen
and not warriors?
It's an application of civilian control of the military,
the basic principle of American constitutional governs
to assign a central role to an active duty general
to make the decision to win the war.
It betrays the legacy warnings of our two most famous wartime generals
George Washington and White Eisenhower.
American history offers no greater heroes,
not because of their considerable success in battle,
but because they gained the wisdom to sound the alarm
against unbridled militarism so passionately and effectively.
The farewell addresses of both those departing generals
turned President,
still stand as the essential bookends
for what's been written about the limits of military
adventure required for democracy survival.
Washington's plea to the nation to moderate the fury of
party spirit to warn against the mischiefs of foreign intrigue
to guard against the imposter's of pretended patriotism
sets the standard for enlightened political discourse.
A close second is Eisenhower's warning that
in the council's agreement we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarened influence,
whether sought or unsought by the military industrial complex.
We've had many other examples of retired military officers
asserting the need for informed and rational public
decision making as to matters of war and peace.
Republican presidential candidate,
John McCain, was one of those voices when,
as a senator, he led the fight along with Philadelphia
and on War veteran John Kerry to normalize relations
with the same communist leadership and annoyed that it once
been our enemy.
Does anyone McCain included now think we were wrong to bring the
troops home from Vietnam and just why are the dire consequences
that McCain offered to explore withdrawal from Iraq
any more plausible?
The cases we have to back the President as generals,
even though he concedes the four years of mismanaged war,
had brought us to the point of almost of no return.
Who mismanaged that work, not version the generals he picked for the task?
But don't blend the generals for as long as the
President demands victory they'll pretend to deliver it.
If they demerge they'll be replaced as recently
occurred with a sudden return of Patreus Boss,
Admiral William Fallon, for suggesting the square magazine
that he might favor a more restrained approach in the conflict with Iran.
No such decision from Patreus has faithful testimony,
at least to the President, if not the truth,
on Tuesday was an especially painful performance.
Civilian deaths in March were 50 percent higher than in February,
and there were a score of recent American deaths
and there's no evidence of political progress
to support Patreus stab and optimism over the
frangal situation in Iraq.
Most absurd was the suggestion that the problem would all go away
if Iran would only behave when, in fact,
American troops are being sacrificed on the pro-Iranian side
of an internal Shiite power dispute.
The Shiites in charge of our government are in Iraq
or exile trained for decades in Iran.
Not so much taught Al-Sader, who stayed in Iraq
under Saudi who's saying the killer of his father,
Al-Sader now opposes what he clearly
labels as the U.S. occupation out of an Iraqi nationalism
that is also in conflict with Iran.
Now he's the bad guy, and the silliness
who wait as even more are being temporarily paid off
by the U.S. to stop killing Americans.
They too will be against us,
but it won't stop the trans-Islam other general in charge
from telling Congress a few months from now
what the president wants them to hear.
How are we doing with that, Tote 4?
Ever to any minute now?
Are they going to play the national anthem?
Those scratches in the first two races.
All right, well that makes it a lot to...
These are the biggest news in the entire town.
This is no politics.
465-6QAM.
The sports leader.
This mark, Morgan, is the 12-1 hour on Q-8M.
This baht is bat-upbeat
I think due to some driver
but can't afford to go
he's long-sempty nothing but a world
which is country nothing
not a country is the question
no
the budget is getting further down
say what?
after final effort
the stage was set
for the eo
concept grab all the rules
get
they trickle it up
to the one percent
it does fall
and that's where it ends
could this be the recession
the end-life boiling use
there's people going countries
you won't see that on the news
on time I'm a gift
it's like the 1930s
another great tough breath
we're just a little too dirty
in a portrait by gas
the corporate newspapers take away
the ones that I use
for the sheets are my name
you think we're not
we can't abandon the troll
they've got us blind
now we try to just fall
we're in the heat depression
but they don't want you to know
the budget is going
for the world which is country
this depression
blow
yeah this depression
blow
this depression
so I got nothing from the steam
he said he did not recent
because he didn't want to make that mistake again
because you might get some wrong pictures again by mistake
and you know
what was the day we were going to show me
well I don't even answer that
he took some pictures of the machines also
but it's obviously the fleet pictures came through
once you see one of them you see them all
at least the real ones
they wanted to make sure that they got a
quality picture there
oh quality picture of slot machines
well Sean and Iami sends us in
innocuous facts here please help
I want to join in on the QAM fun
I didn't know we were having any
but not sure whether to see
whether
spelled as in how's the weather
by the way it's raining all day here today
and rumors coming tomorrow
oh he's here now
he's going to take it to that deli
he's not taking me anywhere
you take it ahead
I guess
I'm trying to figure out a way of
oh gee the dog died I don't have a dog anymore
but my dog just had wild diarrhea or something
it says not sure whether to see
Georgia Gulf Stream or the big go
to computer place please advise
Sean and I
I have three I three word
piece of advice for Sean okay
get a life
that's my advice
go see Georgia please lonely
there's nobody there right
I don't know we got some listeners
is what look at that we're in our head
well I haven't you told me that
just asked
always make me feel like oh gee I'm sitting here all alone
and they're not getting anybody out here
you ask me at 10 o'clock when we first walk in here
well I'm expecting to see
just a strong of people waiting to see your uh
well they're silly strong
all over the place see your old silver here
what's left of it
all right so what's the story now
if you got them the tote board there's no scratches
in the first two races correct
so you got six by six now let me tell you something you could do for a dollar
because of 36 bucks
you could wheel all the horses in the first race
with all the horses in the second race for now
across the 36 bucks in the double is going to pay about 680
so you don't have loose 30 bucks
but you can't
yeah you can do that I got no of course not
all right Jesus I mean you can't
and then I can say oh I gave George the winners
in both of the first two races yeah what a profit
you lose your ass I say well they never mind
now let's see there's two horse in the first race
from the morning line it looks like they have no chance at all
of course don't be too sure
one of Luca Penicci is the jockey on the five
Luca
now worry about Luca
15 to one under one and 10 to one under five
I think we agreed on Dr. Stick
he's going to be like three to five
for him to favor so he wins the first race
the double is going to pay squad
so I'm going to bet on the double
whatever what's good bet
no no it's not a quote what's a good bet
there's no such thing or a good bet is one that wins
and then you can't since I'm going to say
what's a good machine how about a five out of your playing it
ten bucks per race or something like that
I don't even know what I'm doing
and how many races you're going to stay there for just two
just a two yeah oh okay
well I know you can bet 15 bucks
bet three five dollar doubles
okay the only problem is the doubles probably going to pay
there's no there's unless you just bet
the chalk like a six five double
a ten dollar double
or do you want a bet
six two and six five
I don't know what that means
six in the first race
with a two and a five in the second race
how difficult is this okay
it sounds like fat rich talk to me
so it's great my ass
I would mention how big his ass must have been
that's the terrible things
they're playing the national anthem
I'm the only one that's standing on
oh don't well don't talk while they're playing national anthem
I'll cover for it to not
cover for him Chris say something
I'm gonna start speaking Spanish
don't you dare pull up that human flag
the Yamada Yule
57 votes on our second poll
see what kind of people we have out there
which of these do you find the most difficult to do
trust 13 for give 12
steal 11
Y7 8 5
Chief 5 civilized 3
listen one love none
trust that's why voted that's winning
difficult to trust people
I can't vote but I would vote for forgiveness
no I'm I'm softly at that
yeah I'm that
no you're hard at that's right
and we have a thousand votes on previous
wow great oh man
I'm gonna lay down on the floor
and I'll make guttable sounds
this is the kind of involvement
Chris has in the show now
Hey you're out there for a second
I was just you know
fun in you we got to make sure we got the correct numbers
here what differences in make huh
we have a thousand votes 45
thousand votes two votes what the hell differences
are make well that's how I get my raise oh
you're not getting no raise okay you
enjoy both you enjoy chicken and I want
to think about chicken that he hasn't sent me in the
email saying oh geez how come you didn't give me
any more money yeah
because uh you had a discussion about
what's happening with him
what do you mean by that
he said that there was going to be some
letter of agreement that was going to be
signed attention right that doesn't mean he's
getting more money he's just assured
he's going to be alive the next five
and two thirds years that's all
and that's what everybody ought to be concerned about right now
because if anybody really believes that these people are
giving anybody any increases in pay
you must be doing real serious drugs
I'm not just talking about smoking a big fat one
I'm talking about you must be doing
acid trips like graph and 14 sugar
kids every five minutes
I mean more power to you I'm all you know
I'm right there for you but you know something it's just uh
what I'm taking about a 99% pay cut
and you're like oh gee I don't
need to live yeah rob a bank that's my
effect right there there I can imagine how much money is in that
joint right now uh-huh
millions yeah go get a bag of money go get
a big bag of money effect when you do these
appearances at Gulfstream just tell me every time you leave
you just want to bag your bag of money
a bag of cash that's right
remember Bob's Sacket
rhymed with Facket no
there you do he he makes me sick
close to Facket
right by the way Saget rhymes with Facket right
gay he is no
not who well who cares he still sucks on the air
don't forget to go see George tomorrow
if you miss him today at Gulfstream you can see him tomorrow
to the Grand Prix opening of computer USA
at 1740 North Federal Highway and Fort Lauderdale
tend to know George will be there
come buy for great savings and all your computer needs
and win some of our crappy QM low budget prizes
CompUSA is back and George will be there to mark
tend to know and let me go to my racing channel
I don't want to start this too soon
well there's the thorough graph of the day
I have no idea what that even means
so once they do mention to play this
or for sure if you get five to one or
better and you see
twenty to one morning line you got to think you're
going to get at least five to one they also
mention to play with the two and six
all is gambling talk man it's like
a hank in the hump are back now again all is gambling
they just scratch the four the five horse
in the second race
they scratch the four and the five
that's what I'm told
in the second race so it's a it's a four horse race
I guess that's what that means
they scratch the four and the five
in the second race
what is that
me scratching oh
so we've got a six horse field in the first race
and four horses in the second race
another one funny
buck in the second race looks like an outside or
ten to one the morning line you can show him out
okay
and there's no way you're going to make money on this double
I'm telling you right now
welcome on now we can do it
you can bet five dollar
double six over the two three six
okay hope that the double pays six bucks
and then you get back about fifteen and then you get your money back
all right
that is if the six wins the first race
they scratch the four and the five are you making that up or you cereal
why would I make that up how would I make that up
oh why would I pull that out
why would you pull it out
I don't know
your lady friend is back there at Gulfstream I have no idea
wow well you're not going to make much money
they but we'll have maybe we'll cash a ticket
or maybe not
rising food prices could spark worldwide on rest and threatened
political stability the U.N. stock humanitarian official war
yesterday after days of riding in Egypt over the
doubling of prices of basic foods in a year
and protesting other parts of the world
Sir John Holmes
he should be hung
under secretary general for humanitarian affairs and U.N.
emergency belief coordinator told a conference in Dubai
that escalating prices with trigger protests and riots
and vulnerable nations
he said food scarcity and soaring fuel prices
but compounded damaging effects of global warming
prices have risen 40% on average globally since last summer
thank you Mr. President and all your Saudi buddies
all you grave robbers for those low gas prices
all you butchers
the security implications of the food prices
have also not been underestimated as food riots
already being reported across the globe
home said current food price trends are likely to increase sharply both the
instance and debt the food insecurity
he added that the biggest chance to humanitarian work is climate change which has
doubled the number of disasters from an average of 200
year to form to the end of past two decades
as well as this week's violence in Egypt
the rising cost and scarcity of food has been blamed for
riots and hidey last week that killed four people
violent protests in ivory coast
price riots and camera room in February that left 40 people there
heated demonstrations in more titanium was ambicon Senegal
and protest in Uzbekistan Yemen Bolivia and Indonesia
UN staff and Jordan also went on strike for a day to sweetly demand a pay raise
and face a 50% high-comprices while Asian companies such as Canvolia China
Vietnam India Pakistan
have curb rights exports to insurance supplies for their own risen
I starway some food right now
stock some nuts sort of dudes
be a good idea starway some nuts
now listen see if you were if you know what you were doing there
but I don't look on the toad board when they find it possible double payoffs
you would know what six is going to pay with those you know if it's worth
banning okay Steve can do that for us and he has
pretends to know what will something about what's going on
baby he can't but he's bringing the food right now
we'll tell him that we want to see the potential double payoffs
okay
right now
with the six over the two three five
and their family people say well there's only one other horse in there what
if the long shot wins Niel what if the one we're
don't do it
now that's what I'm saying right now it's only 12 13 you got an hour to post time
right plenty of time to change your mind 20 30 times
what the heck is made all about it?
that's not what you know he's no Roger
it's 4.560 QAM
the exports leader
by the you best days
hey how the hell are you welcome the jack in the box
I'm jack can I be happy to fill your order if you know what I mean
uh I'd like a jack burger in a large fries
sorry now we're cleaning the grease fire we don't have any french fries today
okay uh they're just gonna be a small order of fries please
look chief maybe you didn't hear me and I said we don't have any
fries today so how about something else
okay then uh just get me an order of fries
listen up pal who put the straw and straw berry
did you be that's right nature did who put the ape and ape
brachot
nature that's right nature did now listen carefully
who put the freak in french fries
uh there ain't no freak in french fries
that's what I'm trying to tell you but breath there ain't no freaking french fries
now get out of my sight before I shove your teeth so far down your
f***ing throat you'll have to sit on a jack burger to eat it
no I'm gonna have a nice day yeah you two 12-19 now you know some plain lot of
oldies today
what
I bet you're eating I'm eating mm-hmm excuse me yeah no problem
is there a radius or order I said I'm playing a lot of oldies today just
people that want that's good no one although I got I got to be very honest I
I played that bit because a lot of people liked it and I
really don't know why I don't find it that funny you think it's that funny maybe
the first two times it was funny hundred years ago right
but then again we can't play anything that's too funny anyway so that's not
curing away good point but there are a lot of bits like that that people just
love and rave about them and yeah like a rich tender right that was funny the
first 500 times first six thousand times it was pretty amusing yeah the last
25,000 not so much so what's the story did C-Fight
after the potential of pay-off here on the double or no the
double because we were very busy with food shenanigans during that
break okay well we'll get that what I said we don't have to worry about what
it's gonna pay maybe it'll pay three eighty to double I'll still do it
what's the moon when you when you're dealing with a four-horse
field I mean what kind of a race is that what kind of a race is that
four-horse race and you're gonna have three of them going for you if that's
six wins the first race you're gonna catch it take it maybe
and a race no prior you win it's important that you can't
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's what I'm thinking I want to I want to be reborn on the
2070 Yankees the latest round of American Airlines flight
cancellations is about tens of thousands of passengers searching for alternative
ways to get to the destination but even more bad news as the consumer once again
gets a foot off the ass you're making so much racket there with that damn
food man you like those I didn't want to microphone out of my way there I
didn't want to get rubin on my phone out of the way make room for the food okay
right let's get our party straight new but airlines are not required to
compensate passengers for canceled flights
the only time airlines legally have to provide compensation is when a pastor is
bumped from an overbook flight according to the DOT's aviation consumer
protection division however passengers who scheduled are
significantly affected by cancellations such as when the only available
often in flight involves flying on a different day or includes an unplanned
stopover are eligible for refund in lieu of a later flight if they'd rather have
a refund than a reschedule they can demand a refund even if they're ticket is
on refundable said transportation department spokesman bill moseley
american the biggest US carriers canceled more than three thousand flights
this week to inspect those MD-80s
better be better but about when the beat goes on passengers who didn't buy the
tickets directly from the airline might have better luck finding an
alternate seat by contacting their online or brick-and-mortar travel
agency what does that mean brick-and-mortar travel agency I don't know what is
that I don't know oh in other words like a real travel as opposed to an
online brick-and-mortar whoever heard of such a crap brick-and-mortar
as opposed to like you know fantasy online
right that's a good idea why don't we start a fantasy
travel deal you know we could do our do virtual travel that's what i'm saying
virtual travel with an online site which is seven pictures they could go to
anthems i'm gonna go to a room Siberia all over the world
virtually by virtual ticket will take it will say you have to leave Sloan from
picture foam i haven't sent pictures of those places
yeah what a puss of course he works for our sales department i mean why
did he why did he send me that picture him staying there for some
obviously it was a mistake yeah it's a mistake all right
but i have to do with our sales department make no mistake good thing you
didn't see those other ones really is that what you see no making that up
no yeah probably pictures of Joe Bell naked wouldn't surprise me
oh he's up all that has those pictures
i know there were a lot of people that had pictures of Greg naked i'm sure
that like screw in and the water Nazi and Maddie Bell
how's John Jaraston as he still learn yeah he's right that's good he's a good
guy yes he is i thought he was truly sending that candy two years ago remember
that well he but well he candy i try to talk to people out of it they don't
take me seriously they better not be sending me no candy now boy it's not a good
idea right now i think i'm gonna go to woodbine this
after my maid finishes cleaning my joint okay my place
i have a maid who comes and she cleans my joint
97 votes on the pool which it is you have the most find the most difficult to do
this alley felching again on CNN what a jackass what a
silly ad prissy queen frost 19 steel 19
forgive 17 lie 14 cheat 11 hate five civilized five
love five and listen solemn they dose listen
escutume okay she i'm starting to pick up all the esponial because i hear
paka on the phone with mama ctiana escutume escutume
which he says a lot probably nobody's paying attention to the craft that he's
been got to start your mom up you guys look like listen listen listen eight
yeah like that escutume mama
and anyway i'm gonna become a bilingual pretty soon here good
and you'll hear everything that he's saying about you oh yeah
haha why do you say such crap dangling gong
my mind you know you act like it's not possible for anybody in the world
actually like me is it a no-sand no no-only one my money no that's not true
yeah if they did then they would like you even if you didn't spend any
money on the money try that for a change and see how works okay i'm
gonna try to rest of the week all right cut everyone off cut everyone off
remember you're coming all come everywhere now he's coming everyone off
maybe you'll see who your friends are uh-huh
woo-hoo state something these this is the some of the best news i've ever heard
my life state something these used to help fund pro hockey and spring training
baseball in broder county would be eliminated for one year under a budget
amendment the floor house adopted Wednesday night the sports franchise
measure offered by the democratic minority prohibit state allocations to
sports franchise the movement that would save the state 20 million dollars
in the next budget year this year two million dollars is going to help the
panthers far on 16 grand been set aside for the oil spring
printing site for a lot of the stadium the money goes to broder county and
for a lot of dollars subsidies for broder sports sports
sports franchises and others around the state would be frozen for one year
and the money put in the state's reserves the state is facing a three billion
dollar budget deficit for the physical year that starts July 1 because of
Florida's failing economy owners of doff in the stadium and american
airlines are really with a heat play also received two million dollars in
annual state subsidies those facilities as we know are privately owned by
Wayne and Mickey listen i'm a real dolphins fan
house of democratic dan gabor of my me beach road on his blog before the house
to vote stripping the sports subsidies even after the one-fifteenth season
but really given the budget climate this year wouldn't their two million
dollar annual subsidy be better used to ensure that our colleagues aren't our
colleges aren't forthily off professors
the house of sports for our course on this day's doing oh no don't cut the
same thing for it's got all over sports who cares about colleges unless
they're playing a good ballgame the house sports franchises and
then that offered by representative Ron Sanders democratic he was still
accepted by the senate which pasted budget wins day without the
provision and then signed by governor Gerald Charlie gay christ the state is
given two hundred and twenty four million dollars to sports franchises since
ninety three according to the state department of revenue twenty
professionals for facilities get state subsidies when the
allocations usually going to the local governments that maintain the facilities
where the teams play brown is received twenty three and a half million dollars
instead of the reason since ninety seven for the panthers arena and four
laurels gotten almost six hundred thousand in the past year for its
baseball stadium the international game fish association in daniel beach
gets a million dollars a year in state money which would also be limited
out of the house plan i say let's stick with a game fish association right
a million dollars a year for gaming game fish great player
well
sign america
this is the best
you're going to know
you'll find sixty quam
the sports leader
you
yeah
well i mean good
so here i would now
i'll be good
and i'll behave like i should
i'll seriously so good so good i'll swear to you
wow i'll be nice
and i'll control my bias truly i'll be nice
hit a remote tell me twice
hey so nice so nice i swear to you
oh
daddy
they won't let me play my horn
they say i'm too horny as it is
i know sometimes in my life
i've done some things that were wrong
but when i campaigned for my wife
i promised i won't do any harm
and i'll be good
told Hillary i would
i'll be good
at least i think good i could
so good
so good
it's so good
i swear to you
but of course my beggars are crossed
oh sure a lot of laughing and
acting going on that family these days
you know what you know this
yeah
maybe because her candidacy is kind of a
so
12 33 at five sixty w2 and we got the jerk show
to the seven and jerks who told us that he's
been into biker road they've got a
kick ass burger or something like that
is that what he say
yep top-boy burger
now let me ask you this question
what about chie burger achieved regar i've heard a lot about it
and i know it's right there in the solegrace
along with other joints but
you either one been there
nope i don't think so
what is the big deal here they got like big pictures of john belushie on a wall
or what's the story there
What's the attraction?
You don't know?
No, no.
I thought there was like, there would be all kinds of scuttlewood about a place like that.
Tiberg or Tiberg or man, I thought it would be right up here, and of course George don't care.
But he's busy obviously shoving all kinds of food. A big corn-meat sandwich done with bread.
I thought it actually was a rubin with no dressing.
Oh, I love a rubin sandwich and especially with no resting until the bread don't get wet.
Right, we talked about that.
We don't like it.
By the way, it was the best rubin sandwich I've ever had in my life.
Everybody was good, even though the sour crowd was nice and tart.
The sour crowd?
Yeah, the cheeses melted. It was good. It wasn't overly toasted, you know, so that it merged your mouth.
It was just like crispy crunchy without being overly toasted, even the edges were good.
I ate the whole thing. I ate the pieces that fell out of the sandwich. It was so good. Nice and lean.
And steam is probably crawling around in the floor eating the crumbs.
He's actually drinking a coke right now.
Well, good for him.
He's giving up trying to send you pictures that it's spelled out.
He doesn't have to send me an important letter.
Look, I got what I needed there. There's a picture of two machines.
I'm actually three machines. I'm just curious now where they have the dollar ones.
How many do they have lined up? How many are there?
There was a pretty big wheel of fortune such that I saw what I was looking at.
It looks like they have a whole bunch of lined up and they alternate to five times one with the double diamond.
What I saw is it seemed, I mean, I don't know about that, but they like, they went in increments of denomination,
like the quarter one on the left and then it, you know, the more expensive ones as you went along.
I see.
So in other words, the five dollar machines are there with the dollar ones?
I guess. Yeah, that's what I saw.
Well, that sounds really nifty. This sounds like a great place. I better get there real soon.
I think what's this like tomorrow coming?
Then I can tell Rimmer, I'm going to go to the next day and I can't be here.
I haven't long enough.
I also gave you the daily double payoffs and I wrote a bunch of stuff that I don't understand that I'm just going to read it.
Okay, well, just let me know what you got.
All right, six to one, $43.
Six to two, not six to one.
What? Six one.
Six one, I see. Six one.
What I'm betting, six one.
All right, six to twenty nine.
Hey, although I tell you one that you could bet a two dollar, six one. That's a good idea.
Okay. That way, no matter who wins the race, you're going to cash.
You have to launch out.
Win's forty three bucks.
Okay.
The six to twenty nine dollar.
Get out of here.
Okay, buy six three, ten dollars.
Aha.
And the six six, eighteen dollars.
Well, I'll be damned.
I think I got a plan.
Of course, the six has got to win that first race.
Now, what are the odds on the board yet for the first race?
Yes, yes.
And what is the six horse?
Is that like, even, even?
Yeah, it's even money.
Right, right.
And probably the four is the second favorite in my right?
Yes, seven to two.
No.
Well, there's nobody like two to one or five to two or three to one.
No.
Really?
Really.
Seven to two.
Seven to two.
Woo!
So the six must be, of course, just because it's even money.
What do I always tell you about the chop?
I don't come to the money here.
Don't buy the money.
And in this, in a six horse field, Dr. Stick, I mean, stick it in your ticket.
I mean, it just like stands right out there.
Sure does.
So here's what I do.
The minimize your losses.
Okay.
Uh-oh.
Norma Kent.
Look at this after work, he says.
Oh, I see.
And there's a bunch of stuff here.
I don't think your name's in it.
That's just a joke.
Just just relax.
Well, you please, we've got more things going on here now.
Jesus, Kate Christ.
Now, can he, like, look at that again and get me a, you know, when it gets to be like about ten to one?
Okay.
Because post time's not to one fifteen.
Right.
Because they might bet that they might hammer that the six, uh, three double down to like six books or something like that.
Those are pretty decent though considering how few horses you deal with.
Pretty shocking.
Wait till you're this big.
The shocking CBS, the one of the most celebrated news division in broadcasting, has been in discussions with Time Warner about a deal to outsource some of its news gathering operations to CNN.
To executive creeped on the matter said this week.
Over the last decade, CNN has had intermittent talks with both ABC and CBS news about various joint ventures.
You've had various joint ventures.
To support seven months, talks with CBS have been reviving lately intensified according to the executives who asked for an element because of the confidential nature of the negotiations.
Broadly speaking, the executives described conversations about reducing CBS's news gathering capacity while keeping its frontline personalities like Katie Curric right now, the CBS-80 News anchor and paying a fee to CNN,
then by the cable networks news feeds.
Another possibility these people said would be for CBS to keep its correspondence in certain regions, but pair them with CNN crews.
These people cautioned no deal was imminent.
Sandy Janelius, as spokeswoman for CBS News said,
We are extremely pleased with the in part of our news gathering operation, no outside arrangements are being negotiated, which means it's a lie.
She's a lie.
A CNN spokeswoman said we don't comment on speculative business matters.
For CNN to deal with the broadcast network, we would mean a new revenue stream without even having to add much in cost, for CBS in a range group of the cable channel will allow it to cut cause while maintaining the CBS News brand, although in a much trimmed down fashion.
CBS is mired and lies placement in the continuing struggles of Miss Curric who has given a $15 million dollar-year contract to attract new viewers.
They're mired in last place.
The discussions are being led by Sean McManus, who is that me anus, the president of CBS News in Jim Walton, president of CNN News Group.
Many questions remain regarding unions, rights issues, and level of involvement of the other CBS News product for like 60 minutes in the early show.
If a significant deal is reached between CNN and CBS, it would mark a watershed and broadcast history, a strategic shift in the face of changing market forces by the network,
and is widely quitted as having invented TV News, establishing a powerful tradition with journalists like Edward Armurrow and Walter Cronkite.
But I mean now that they could have Cura Phillips and, you know, and Ali Felsing, I mean what would they want people like Walter Cronkite?
Right?
Right.
The watering down of everything, baby.
Water down.
Everything.
Life.
Water down.
Get her done and water her down.
Hold your water.
Get your hands.
The best talent.
You're 509-
409-
5.
60QM.
The sports leader.
By the you best, dude.
Hold on.
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacolkin fries, a new contract with the two-year extension and a dozen Zeppeli.
A oily paper bag of griveness, a gallon of pistachio, mint ice cream, industrial sized box of cornflakes, a one-month membership, the blue boy online and a quarter-sum-yong guy.
Yeah, a kugel sandwich on Pomponico, a line-flavored crispo fluffy, a box of tripe tenders, tendee-ly burgers, a bromo-seltzer and a pocket full of miracles.
For now, yeah.
For anyone, you still there?
And with the contract negotiation underway, I should bring your attention to you.
Hey, it wouldn't have been a nailer.
Hold on a second.
Excuse me.
You'll say, Tray.
I said, try.
Not Tray.
Try tenders.
Oh, I think you still have those free baseball cards with a fabulous lead.
Okay.
12.45.
No more can't.
And that's for sure.
He sends me two attachments.
I can't open up either one of them.
I just mentioned it in passing, in case he might be listening.
I sent him back.
I can't open these.
Why do people do that?
To be done.
To be more difficult and convenient.
Can't open the attachments.
Of course, it's important stuff you know what it has to do with by the future of my life.
And I can't open them up.
So try it again, Norma.
We're going to have the six horses up to seven to five down to four is getting two to one.
The four is getting some play.
Maybe scar bum would yo bravo.
And the doose is nine to two.
Bambo.
Bambo.
The daily double payouts changed, obviously.
Yes, and what are they?
Six one.
42.
6, 2, 28.
Well, I can't write that fan.
Oh, so you write them down.
Yeah, I'm every time I write three.
Six dollars.
What did I say?
You said, and six, six.
But I put it at a 17.
All right, well, that simplifies it for you.
Now you've got to hope that the chalk wins.
If the six doesn't win the first race, you're screwed.
But yeah, I have no form here.
I have no, I'm just going like I always do.
And in a six horse field, when I'm back down to 65, you took another hit.
Take another hit.
So you're going to bet, let's see, the six won, a $2,61.
Is the student right next down?
Yes, he is.
$2,61.
A $4,62.
A $5,66.
Okay.
Now how much is that?
I got them.
The word about it.
Yes.
And a $10,63.
Okay.
So if the six to three comes in, you get 30 bucks, you make $10.
All right.
I mean, there's not much money you're going to make on this,
especially with a $6,00.
Probably going to come in, unless you want about a $15,63.
Woo!
I don't want you to start plunge in your money now.
And this is a bad end.
It's right on the ear here.
The audience is hearing, and they're going to play me for it.
Oh, I can't play you.
Can't play you.
Just like Hank, can any of you.
You can lose all that money, and he's always whining and crying.
There are many ways to gamble for the time you're a little child.
Yeah, like when you cross the street.
Sure.
Like when you get in that car.
Little kids, they play poker, they play Blackjack, they eat, they play poker.
They bet on hopscotch.
You know, that's not an addict.
I don't get addicted to things.
Look at that.
The six is back up to $7.00 to $5.00 now.
The four is $2.00 to $1.00.
I don't like that.
I'm real nervous about that scar bum.
But in any rate, forget it.
You're going to have to count on the six winning race.
That's okay.
Jogger, a win by 10.
Yeah, of course, if he gets left in the gate, you know, you're screwed.
Now how much are we betting here?
I just wanted to go over it again.
$21 total.
Is that it?
Yeah.
Once you've had $25 and bet a, how much did we bet on the six three?
Four.
Get out of here for my ass.
That's what you said.
No, I did not.
He wrote it down and I watched it.
I heard it.
You full of crap, six three.
I did.
Why would I say it was?
It's a six dollar double.
A six three.
Six three.
Sorry, 10 bucks on the six three.
So bet 14 bucks.
Okay, the six three.
I mean, it's an unusual number, but nevertheless, what are you betting 25 bucks?
Beautiful.
There you go.
See.
And if the six three comes in and you get 42 bucks back in one, 17, that's not bad.
And maybe you hope for one of the longer ones.
I'll take it.
Like you got a four dollar one.
Six two.
Whatever.
You'll do okay.
And I'm going to get rich on this.
Okay.
Press me when I tell you.
Okay.
Or video either.
Can't open those attachments.
Norma, I just mentioned that in passing.
You silly person.
You silly.
You mean.
Oh, let me know what you think of these.
Read them.
Look them over.
I can't look nothing over.
Okay.
You send me stuff in a form that I can't open.
Like the entire.
Like word documents.
Whatever.
The one.
The first one says that the computer is blocking it because it's in a form that's going to,
you know, whatever.
Whatever that means.
I don't know what that means.
Okay.
Or just went back up to five to two.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
All right.
So we got post-tab 115.
Boy, this is like such a major production.
And just you think we're talking about some serious money here.
What are your case?
25 bucks.
That's serious.
But trying to say yesterday is uncovered a criminal ring planning to kidnap athletes and others at the Beijing Olympic Games.
How do you like that?
They got more problems with those damn Olympics.
I got a good idea.
Let's take all that money they were going to spend on the Olympics and use it to speed the starving people.
All these countries were starving.
Oh no, Neil, you're wrong.
35 members of a ring based of the rest of Western Jingyang region were arrested.
Ministry of Public Security spokesman Wu Heping told a news conference.
We face a real terrorist threat Wu said the rest of the place between March 26th and April 6th.
Since the 9-11 terror hijackings, China's tried to portray the simmering separatists were written in Jingjiang
as being fueled by terrorist organizations in Central Asian and the Middle East.
But evidence made public has been scarce.
Western MSN's ask Beijing for more information after the 30 said they broke up an attempt to hijack a plane in Western China last month,
but so far no evidence has been provided.
Yesterday Wu said the ring was plumbing the kidnap athletes, foreign journalists and other visitors to the August Games.
He added that Poli also would confiscate at almost 22 pounds of explosives and 8-6 in dynamo mite,
and she had his liver during the latest raids in Yurongqi, the capital of Xinjiang.
Wu also provided for the details of the event.
Wu also provided for the details of the event.
Wu also provided for the details of the event.
On a second group arrested in January, they were hoping to manufacture your explosives and were funding with tech hotels, government offices,
and military targets in Shanghai, Beijing and other cities.
Wu said the game of enacting an order from a radical Islamic-ging-shining independent group,
East Turkestan Islamic Movement.
Oh my god, you ever have one of those?
That lately. I think I have one of those this morning.
While the US is labeled the East Turkestan Islamic Movement, a terrorist organization,
the State Department led his widespread abuses of the legal and educational systems
by the communist authorities to suppress older, uber culture and religion, whatever that is.
Wow. The world is a bunch of tribes, baby.
That's what it's all about. The tribal lunatics.
All try to kill each other and eliminate each other.
Right? Right?
Because my pronunciation of God's name is more superior.
More sheep-pick. That's what I call them.
Mesh-pick.
Barur-hat-hat.
Let's pray for the wine. Let's pray for the six-horse in the first race.
Now, who's riding them again?
Oh, Pasquacio Lopez. A real Pasqunac.
Paco Lopez.
Now, if you got like who the jockeys are in the first race.
Look at Panicci.
The three's getting no action at all.
It's four to one and the more in line is ten to one.
The one is fifteen to one and the more in line he's sixteen to one.
So the one on the three are on the outside looking in.
I mean, they can't win in the six-horse field or in any field.
Tody Fields.
What I tell you about Jackie Maul.
My computer is all screwed up now.
Oh, don't say that in every way.
Nor am I your killing me, man. You're just killing me.
Now, my computer's been all these funky things.
Oh, three to two on the six-horse. Five bucks.
Now, you could bet twenty bucks to win on the six.
If you stay three to two and get fifty back and win thirty.
And I'd have to go through all this other crap.
No, this is more fun.
Yeah, this is much more fun this way.
They already bet it. I got my tickets here.
Oh, he already bet it. That's right.
It's a fast ban.
And he doesn't know we just changed their mind.
He does that.
Application error.
This norm I have screwed up my computer so bad,
it may never function again.
Law suit.
Get that hot shot lawyer.
He's at the Jan Marie on the phone.
Okay.
You and chicken it.
Yeah.
Oh, wait a minute. Here's another thing.
Now, maybe, oh, he must have said it again.
He said it again.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
ess.
Have you Wal had other things to do with this?
Oh, I would piss things over.
Can I look it over at least?
of course.
So I get to look over my contract.
Gives me the steady.
I mean, I don't want to vent myself to dunk it.
Nope.
You don't want to vent kayak on me.
I'm off spinning.
Nope.
I'm off spinning.
I'm off spinning.
No.
You are on peg.
Yeah.
I'm gonna do this.
Don't worry about horse racing.
else.
You don't want toouch that.
Who's okay with this?
Go ahead.
I mean when you're in a six horse feel like that natural there's gonna be like you know two or three maybe oh four horses getting bet pretty good but the the chalk is three to two.
The good news is I still don't know what I'm doing but hey.
Well and here's the thing we're all looking at Caroline Beasley's gonna sign and I'm gonna sign.
What else she got to do with it all that's that's for the company I get for the beast.
All right I'll take care of it Norman just relax.
Boy pressure you talk about pressure too much pressure man I can't deal with it.
The good part of it is it's one o'clock already and guess who hasn't been there to see you yet at least for a year.
That's right. That's right.
Maybe they're afraid that maybe they're afraid that this time we'll be ready for them with those big security guards who look like Luke Cabrante on speed.
All whipped up into a frenzy like the twins in Godfather 3 are they as good as they look for.
That is such a great liner is these good as well of course you know that Connie yeah she was screwing anything with a that's right.
That's right including that obnoxious Troy Donahue he's dead by the way.
Look at this I thought it was gonna be normal again Tom Payne.
Well this is too much stuff going on for Friday I'm gonna take a nap during one o'clock.
Let me know how they are raises turn out.
The best out you know is your logic.
4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Oh this is on this is not a tumor it's the one to two hour.
I've you been abused in the workplace.
Raked or screwed.
Place your career in my silky smooth hands.
Hello this is Norma Kent for the more or a facet of the norma Kent.
If you need me to conduct business on your behalf let me explore for you.
It may take up to 13 months for me to explore but I will explore for you.
Call 1-800 there's so many men to explore.
That's 1-800 maybe I should not schedule syndication meetings for Christmas day.
If your cell phone does not work because you're in California call 1-800 I want to keep Neil hostage to South Florida.
Call now and you will receive a free cell phone one that works almost as good as born.
That wasn't my cell phone his name is say's hard.
Okay 101 and 560.
How about a say's there salad for lunch?
No thanks I already have a really good rubit.
Six horses down to 6-5 now I'm gonna go back even money.
And your double is probably gonna be about with the three.
About five bucks.
But you got a $14 double I mean 35 you'd make ten bucks.
You're not gonna make much money no matter what assuming the six wins are for.
But at least it keeps you going to first two races and if the six does win then you're gonna call out you're gonna cash a double ticket.
Right right right because you got all four horses covered don't you or did I screw up.
I don't know yeah you bet the two the three the six the the four and the five were scratched and you got a $1
which has got no shot.
Well that's good and we got how many minutes 13 minutes till post time while I'm getting really nervous now.
The pressure is built as any of the stuff that we're doing haven't to have anything to do with the wheel.
Are we wheeling something right here?
No okay.
Well yes you are.
Okay what about that?
But you're just betting different amounts.
Okay because you're betting the six in the first race with all the horses and all four in the second race.
You're reading the six on top.
I see.
I'm sorry.
But you're betting different amounts.
So probably just want to be able to do it because who the hell wants about two dollars who wants to bet two dollars on four.
But about eight dollars on a race and then get back a five dollar and 60 cent double.
Right.
I mean you only lose two thousand forty cents but I mean I'm assuming you want to make maybe ten or fifteen bucks or twenty bucks or whatever.
Yeah whatever.
I would Steve go and check those doubles out again or what?
Because I'll sure hope that that six three isn't down to like four eight or something.
That's the other six.
It's still six.
Still six.
Well that's not bad.
I mean it's not good.
Not good when you have to pick two winners you only get six bucks back but that's what happens with the chalk.
You know, chalk what I tell you about a chalk.
Right.
Avoid it.
150 three votes on Chris's poor Chris's kind of on the outside looking in because when he knows about any of this you can put in a thimble exactly for his fat ass left over.
Which of these do you find the most difficult to do we got 150 three votes steal thirty six must be no radio people holding on that.
Trust twenty six for give twenty five lie nineteen like I said must be no radio people.
Sheat thirteen eight eleven sympathize ten love eight and listen six trust twenty six the second place.
Now the hostage but let's see what they got going on the main thing here.
Thousand dollar late pick four for that.
Damn now that's a puke that's keenland that's in Kentucky man.
I've never been there.
I've been to Kentucky driven true.
Yeah.
Never been the Lexington either.
I would love to go to the red mile of the Lexington Kentucky board must be beautiful.
Otherwise they showed you would buy here for words worth.
You what?
They show you would buy here among the other.
They're showing would buy in there now.
Oh my god.
Probably cause you.
I don't know.
Or would buy let's see.
He'll write the first race of would buy maybe we'll carry that with Dan Lloyd's L.
They're off.
They're off.
This is terminally boring guy.
He's okay.
He never stole a freight train and gall screen is 11 minutes to go to the first post.
So would buy is going to be coming up next but first they got to show us the post parade.
Oh look at her isn't she lovely lady jockey.
She looks like a real dike.
I'm sorry.
What do you think about lady jockeys?
I've seen some really cute ones.
Yeah.
I see the real couple guy jockeys too.
Hmm.
What was his name?
What was his name?
Cansh asmison.
Oh.
That's a long time ago though.
That's a long time ago.
I was probably like to go.
A couple of lady jockeys in the first of chemo.
But in any rate we'll get to would buy.
Well I'm glad you noticed that.
See you started to become a real pervert expert on the straight.
That's what I want to do.
You're going to be going to the track after the show every afternoon and all the time.
I live like tonight.
It's morning.
You're going to say oh huh.
I live like 15 minutes from here.
From from gall screen.
Yeah.
And then in between races you can run off and play a little wheel of fortune.
That's not what I'm going to be doing in between races.
Elton John Miss Elton.
You fair raises two and a half million bucks for Clinton.
Did you see her with the Clintons yesterday nauseating?
No.
No.
Experience is central to Democrats.
Swirly is the presidential bid and Wednesday night she tapped into one of pop music's most
venerable rockers to help fill her campaign coffers with two and a half million dollars.
Elton John was sold records in Filderiness for four decades played a benefit concert for a
Swirly at Radio City Music Hall.
I've always been a Swirly supporter John said 61 before she launched into his 1970 breakthrough hits,
your song and border song.
There's no one more qualified to lead America.
The English singer composed composer and penis added,
I'm amazed by the massage and mystic attitudes of some of the people in this country.
And I say to hell with them, I love Swirly.
I'll be there for you.
See this is his fag hang thing.
Yep.
I mean both ways.
God you said it because I was thinking.
Well of course.
Just like the Diana.
And the jockey is David Clark.
Here's the feel from Woodbine seven horse race.
Number two kurnes like a sea owned by Audrey Capaciti.
Melanie getting Melanie.
See there's Lady Jackie's all over the place now.
That's right.
Just the kid is number three.
Elma Jim Sampiston.
Jockey David Garcia.
See Garcia another one of your.
Julio.
That's a fairly.
But proud of her for the good.
Oh Justin Stein.
That's my boy.
Hey Justin.
It's for my close.
Didn't Greg peacock Justin Stein.
Greg what?
Oh peacock.
I'm not a realistic Montana number five.
The owner don the car.
I'm pulled into the four horse in the first race of Woodbine.
Preceding John on stage where swillery has been bugging their daughter Chelsea.
But ugly swillery stuck at a client underdog note in the scrapping her battle against Barack Obama.
You lose honey.
You're out.
And he's closing the margin in Pennsylvania by the time we get to the 22nd man.
He might have one pull.
What did show him one point ahead?
Right.
Remember that?
One minute or no three minutes till the first race of Woodbine.
And then we'll just parlay right over there to a Gulfstream.
Now let's turn into a horse racing show.
That's a video from about a point.
Yeah let's sign the contract now.
No, I'm not before they change their mind.
Ha ha ha ha ha.
Oh my because they don't want to hear about it.
Don't you understand?
Who?
Don't you understand you?
The audience could.
How many times are we taking that pull?
All the things Neil talks about.
What are the least things you want to hear?
Yeah.
In fact, you know what I'm referring?
Now horse racing in general.
Not just harness racing, horse racing period and hockey.
When we do those polls though, you always put hardest racing on there because they're...
No I do not.
I put horse racing.
Alright.
You know you better...
Hey they're written down.
What do you mean by that?
The old polls are written down.
I know.
During the break I'm going to go find that one.
Alright.
The things Neil talks about.
What do you least find least interesting?
Harky.
We got the panther.
Can you make it again?
How about those panther?
Maybe they suck that whole organization.
Jack Martin, he's going to go just like Apollo and Reese is going here.
Maybe they came to look together.
A couple of frogs.
I wonder if Apollo and Reese is a frog.
I mean I know Maurice the frog from Woodbind.
I got to lose his ass.
The one that said you'll never see me here again.
I'm losing 7000 today.
And I thought that once they opened up those one arm bandits that they'd brought.
Especially Broward County was going to come crashing down.
And the people in the date County said, well you know what?
We like it too.
Jebs to rain here.
We're not listening to him.
We're going to vote for it.
Well that'd be something.
Colbert's going to have slots and what you call it?
Flagler?
And what else?
What do I leave out?
Highlight me, highlight.
You mean the highlight?
No I've got it.
How was there twice?
I believe in Danya.
Twice.
Thirty.
Two years.
Just not for me.
You know, some things are for me and some things are for other people.
Like women.
You know, that's not for me.
It's for other people.
More for me.
Oh, funny.
165 votes on Chris's poll.
What do we do on the first one over that way?
We got to a thousand.
On Grant.
So we need 35 more to give to 1200 for a Friday.
That's awesome.
Awesome.
Well, I proposed at Woodbuy.
And you got six minutes at Gulf Stream.
Now what's the story?
Let me flip over here to the odds channel.
He's got the odds on all different tracks.
Oh, there's Woodbuy and Aqueduct Keeneland Gulf Stream.
Seven to five.
He's holding a steady.
No, I just changed.
Oh, three to two.
Right?
Right.
Now these are the track odds I'm looking at.
Right, 14.
Right.
One, five to two.
Correct.
On the douche.
Yes.
Nine to one on the three.
Five to two into four.
Eight to one on the five.
Three to two on the six.
Heavy favorite five dollar.
Four year olds of dollar age.
The starting point.
Yeah.
See, when they load the horses, man, this just frustrates the holiday.
I mean, you know, horses being the dumb animals that they are.
And some people, oh, no, you're wrong.
You're horses are so smart.
No, they're not.
They're incredibly dumb.
You are aware of it, aren't you?
I mean, they're beautiful animals, but they're amazing.
They're smarter than they need to be.
They're smart as they need to be.
They're smarter than they're supposed to do.
I'm 10.
Follow orders.
The outside too.
Oh, here come the outside too.
Which one is Justin Stein, the four?
He's seven to two, nine dollar horse.
Come on, Justin.
Come on, maybe.
And these jockeys, you know, it's how they all, because they're little people, they talk
like munchkins.
Well, I think that the three are going to chase this right now.
Like that.
Have you ever noticed?
Yeah.
Never talked any jockeys.
The female jockey that died.
Oh, the three left in the gate.
Look at the hands and the legs behind.
But breaking like a rocket bird's holiday hunt, where Neil Ramson and they were going for
the half of the game.
You know, don't you love that name?
I just picked Montana from second.
The outside is agile, lad, and tucked in the other half of the game.
And my voice fifth on a real low.
But we've got to come on, Justin.
One and done.
That one followed by Rick Hound not.
Then a break of four and a half.
To kill these little tiny guys like they, you wonder how they have started making videos,
but they do.
But they just can.
And they near the quarterfold.
Anything they make big, they do.
And they have to have a red throughout and reach with a quarter of a mile in it.
I guess the same way the Chinese do, huh?
Rick Hound not angles, but I don't think my four is their gun.
He's got to be shown here.
No, I don't think he's going to see what I am.
I'm here for agile.
He's going to get second maybe.
How much did you bet?
I didn't bet.
Come on, Justin.
Give it to this piece.
You know, it's nice.
You're going to have a final kick in the nuts.
No doubt about it.
And the Friday opening.
He's going to get second.
I've heard Justin stop.
I'm all but here comes somebody flying out.
Let's talk to that.
If I'd have had about 100 across the board, I'd have done okay.
What are you laughing about, Dr. Dan?
You make the bet.
And the sixth horse won.
The sixth was the second choice.
Five or two.
My horse was four to one.
He'd have paid like maybe six bucks and four bucks.
Now, are you starting to get it all this?
You understand it or not?
Yep.
Little by little.
A little bit of horse going to cross the road.
A little bit of horse going to cross the road.
A little bit of horse going to cross the road.
A little bit of horse going to cross the road.
A little bit of horse going to cross the road.
A little bit of horse going to cross the road.
The best talent.
It was because I can't see the race wait because they're taping it into that kybulin line.
Six is in third right now.
One five and six and then four.
Won't worry, how far?
They are how far have they run?
What's that?
How far have they run?
Asking Steve because halfway.
Yeah, I heard you.
Six is in first.
Did you get it?
Six is in first place.
Six just took the lead?
Yeah, by my.
How much? I am mild. Is he way ahead? He's way ahead. Are you serious? No, no, no, he's not way ahead. I know. I know. I'm sorry.
He's asking me off. What? Hey, that tarot's warrior. You know, it's about I didn't bet that.
What are you talking about? It comes to four. I'm just nothing. I'm repeating what Steve says.
How far ahead is the six? By a nose. By a nose? I kept saying that. Top of the stretch now.
Six and four. Six and four. Yeah. Six is slightly ahead. Yeah. Now six is rolling very far ahead. Oh, yeah. Six has it. He's pulling away. Pulled away.
Four, two can you do that. Yeah, everybody. Even the pie. Let's see. Let's see. By a mouth. I hate the chalk. Let it. Well, you've got to double now. All right. I'm waiting the six. I got to say that during the break.
Woo, woo. Thank you, Steve. It's a chair in section of the day. Yeah, Steve. He's got his own buddy. He bets to.
We're all best at the six. Yeah. And why is that based on what I'm telling him or best right? That's right. Well, we're all in this together. I'm reading off of a paper. I don't have any racing. You got the magic touch. Yeah, touch this. And then on the TV right next to it. Maria Sharapova. Really? Yeah.
Okay, Keylin. The race. Oh, here's the race from Gulf of the alley. Watch it. Oh, you can play that. Huh? You have to replay there. It was test there for a minute. But no, no.
Here we go. There are Uncle Emil on the inside and Scarbum has your start doctor stick outside of them with speed. And they're followed by terrorists.
Did you ever look at those old poles running in fourth? Break up another. Going to be back to the two trailers more. That's how nervous. Faction. I think I heard the size.
As they race out of the shoot. Uncle Emil, a long shot leader in the early stages here. Opening up. One third of a line shot. She does a lot of times that.
Hopefully you're opening up. Big Lee and he's just keeping. That's the law. Two and a half. The quarter was 24 and two. See how that.
Are you watching? They're going to have a replay. And I'm going to be far outside doctor stick. Terrace warrior is right there too.
You might think that you're stuck inside. Scarb. And I'll two and a half. Please.
Let's see if you want to tie her in bubble in the back. Look at that. Violin 47.
Round the fire turn. Doctor stick at the rail. Terrace warrior alongside these two locked in battle with scarbum right behind them. And it's mortal tiger. And a long way back to bubble and uncle Emil.
Round the fire turn. Doctor stick. Terrace warrior. Scarbum. And right off of them is mortal tiger. As they make their way to the top of the stretch.
I'd be really. At least at a scarbum on the outside doctor stick cuts the corner. Terrace warrior between us to me.
The mortal tiger is forth as doctor stick comes down to the gate for with something called a genre of the whole thing.
And he's got a job burger. Scarbum is. That's a more general. He wins by about 10.
That's sick. Winds it by six. Well my six. Doctor sticks by six. Six. Six.
So you're alive. You're going to cash the double. Now we just hope now we've got to figure out what the actual double prices are going to be.
Which when they post them up there, Steve can write them down. Right. And then we can figure out how much you're going to lose. I mean, how much.
I'm not going to be much. So what's the deal? I do think I should sign this or what? Or that all depends. All depends on whether your name is in it.
Your name is not in this. No, I don't know. No, no, no, no, I know. The conversation that we had more than one time wasn't that it was going to be negotiated altogether.
And that's where we left it. And that's what you said that you were going to have normed to negotiate a deal for the three of us all together.
We had that conversation more than one time over and over and over again. Do you mean? Mr. Alzheimer's, yes.
And you said it's not going to happen this time. I said you you signed something and then they take advantage of that.
They know that we're that me and Brian are going to stay with you no matter what you said. It's not going to happen this time.
I'm going to have normed negotiate something. He doesn't know it yet, but he'll take your. Well, I trust you that we know that that other lord,
you have nothing signed with that loser that they knew that then I said that then I did not know that then we had the same conversation.
So that guy led me to believe that you had some kind like like they said and got father three. We haven't understand.
I have some ledger leave that I was going to put everything in yours and norms hands and that he was a host.
Yeah, but it's a norms hand at the same time. I wouldn't put it in normed hands. No, no, he might squish it.
No, okay, I understand. That's what Brian Craig said.
That's a little rougher on the internet.
I'm going to eat four votes on the pool, which of these you find most difficult to do. I bet you have Chris is really impressed by the way you're horse one there.
I was so impressed by that. I'm wishing I had my own myself pull the way in one by six. No, don't bet it. No, no, no, he just came and had a rubin and then he got the hard.
I don't know what he ate. Who ate? Well, based on the way you described it, I'm Jones in for one right now as a matter of fact.
It was seriously the best room I've ever had in my life. Wow. And we were talking I was talking to Steve about it because you know how when you get the fatty corn beef, it's like hell.
And what's nice and lean, it's like heaven. There was there wasn't an ounce of fat, a smidgen of fat in that whole sandwich.
I'll be damned. Yeah. And you're only saying yes, you will.
And my neighbor's probably seen that. So the five or five of our own raised the one to three in the six. There's only four horses and three of them are getting bit.
Okay, here are the doubles payoffs. Double cost of abilities. Okay, six one thirty six dollars.
Two, two, one, well, well, you go too fast. You're writing these down. Yes. Six two twenty four dollars.
Now you got what a four dollar six two. Looking over here. Yes. That's forty eight bucks. All right. It wouldn't be bad.
And then I have the six three is eight dollars eight bucks. You got a fourteen dollar. So 56 bucks.
And the is that right? Right. The six six is seventeen dollars. And you got a one four dollar one at five five dollars.
So that's thirty four and eight fifty is forty two fifty. You're in baby. You got to take it no matter who wins.
You're going to make a few bucks. See this is why you need somebody savvy. There's a system here.
Saddy my ass. I don't want to savvy. You're a crazy person. Say I'm sitting here with a bug when I just printed these out of a computer.
You know the language. No racing. No language. I know the language. The next time we're going to get back in every morning.
That's the language. They have an office here. They're very nice. Next time we'll just facts you the other racing board.
No, I don't want that because it's too much information. Don't you understand? I've done pretty well. Yeah, you heard.
Have it. I have it. I picked several winners and just was it looking all the other time we had track appearances. I only bet favorite colors that I always have.
And Stein. I'll tell you one thing. He's riding it. Sorry, Justin.
Here's a cute little guy. Anyway. I'll take it. He's married. He's got a kid or two for crying out loud. He's like 25 years old. Just in Stein.
You think he's going to let come over here and hang out hanging out with you. Never know. Maybe I'll see him at work. I wonder if he likes to type.
Yeah, right. Fat old and adult. But yeah, and loaded. Not anymore though. Not after I signed this thing. I haven't I just put it aside for now.
You're going to have to get a make your peace with Norma is what you're going to have to do. You you and chicken neck. You went off there.
I wanted to wait till Monday to deal with this. I don't want to spoil anybody's. Whatever. Whatever.
Chris and I had a discussion before the show in both agree that you're an idiot. But it's just all over the world.
I told you this guy's getting me paid. He's going to get a suit of choice and he had a right.
Sure he is. We only had to say discussion like 20 times off the air. But we have it on the air too. Why?
Whatever kills time. I don't want to kill time. I'm thinking to look here. You've got only 20 minutes till the second race.
And I don't I hope they don't do that to me again because we got woodbite, aqueduct, keel and gulps, the fourth everybody tracks at the same time. And if they they can't show them all at once.
So I kind of like how do I thank God for Steve Sloner giving us the call of the race.
I'm going to learn to do that too. Are you call a race? I don't think so. Why are we get two racing intensive money shows it.
I got all these important bedtime stories to save the world here and we're doing the Georgia. Yeah, what I have the world we need to talk to you.
Which one is the best one for you? I think the truck the three right. You're right.
If I raise it in the other double at seven times that's 56 bucks and you bet 20 or five you make 31 bucks. That'll be sweet.
I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. That will be sweet. That'll pay for the gas. It costs me to get here. There you go.
And you got a free rubin sandwich for your lunch. That's right beer. I'm drink it beer right there. Free beers. What's not to lie?
The biggest name. The best tower. It's beautiful. It's male Roger. It's 435. It's 6QAM. The fourth leader. A Friday you bested.
I've been some trouble. I'm the best. I've proved. So while you're dropping, have you told the truth?
Now I'm so sad they won't need to be blind. Tell it everyone I love. Client number nine.
I can't believe I'm such a here for kids. I used to say that the girls think they think.
Now I'm a John and Mike even in time. My wife and daughters know I'm Lord but he's number nine.
She came down to Washington to give me some gift. I paid her all my cash and then shot her away.
And I would like to make my worries causing the thing. She thought there was my pants blue. I didn't think.
I didn't care if I was wrong or right. Now I got to think of them just one night.
My career is gone. I just want to run and hide. Because everyone knows I'm not.
Love Client number nine.
131 if you and again you have your ticket in your hand here. I got three of them.
Read me what you got. You got a $2.61 right? Correct.
$6.2.
$4.
Well guess what? $6.2 is $28.
Okay. So that means 56. If the two comes in. So you got two shots that are 56 bucks.
Sweet. And $6.3 you got a $14.00 right? Right? And $6.6.5.
So that's $4.250. You're going to come out. The only one that would be not so good is the one.
You don't only get the $36.00 back. You still want to. Still with. Not bad.
Well that's not a profit.
$2.6.3. What? That's profit.
So you want anybody but the one.
Anybody? Maybe the one that you like left him again. We don't want anything bad to have you one right now.
They're showing the show to him in the paddock right now. Yeah. How does he look?
It's nervous like he's got to take a big dump. No.
Just walk around. See there are different theories on that.
It's a horse has to take a gigantic dump and he does it right before the race.
You see him look this tail. Like that. Some people think that's a good thing.
Really? But I think it's a bad thing because you're going to run a lot faster if you got to go.
I know I always do.
Rub faster. I do but sometimes I don't run fast enough.
I know.
I wasn't looking always. Just flying. I always like goose stepping.
Here the sirens coming for me again. You hear them? I hear them.
Yes. The poop in your pants.
202 votes. Now I've been shooting here for I got lost in the translation.
Anybody but the one. Oh that's right. We had no I forget about that.
Oh we have over 1200 votes. That's what I've been told.
So in the meantime while I just don't understand this we ought to do a poll on this.
When we do these shows when George is registering the audience loves it.
They hate it. They kill themselves. They impair themselves with sharp objects.
Or they just don't know what the more they always look for they hate it.
Look at that. The three is four to five. That's 56 bucks for you baby.
You could say how do you feel about free sex?
They'll go. If you put that option on there.
That's south Florida for you man. It's a little bit sour.
Although I do like to a sour pickles.
By the way the got to pick old with my rubin. It was great.
I got to pick on yesterday too.
That's good. That's excellent.
I'm not going to be staring at you like a rub down in a run.
No no no. It's just that you were mentioning all the other.
They wouldn't take very long. That's the first time quite some time I mentioned that.
So I was starting to get worried because there's no point in living if you're not doing that anymore.
Really? Really?
I'm in Sam. I'm giving it up in time.
Okay. Good. Good. Good.
I'm finding my spots. Good. Good.
Anyway, even money on your three and two to one on the six.
Now what's the six? You got a five hour forty two fifty.
That's not too much. Every seventeen fifty.
That's more in Christmas in a week.
Not twice.
Anybody but the one and the one unfortunately is that he's taken some money.
He's three to one.
Funny. Buck.
With many crews.
Funny.
The other one. Buck.
Don't forget to go see.
Funny.
None of the misfits showed up today, huh?
No, no.
What a great Friday and I discovered that I had a whole day.
A bunch of fun in here at two o'clock that I have to go pick up the food but nevertheless.
I'm the oldest livery boy in town. You do know nobody.
I know that.
Even though it's raining all day. It's not raining hard.
It's just a little like a little drip.
There's a little drip.
I'm sure they have places that delivered.
Yeah, they do but not what I want.
I see. That one's our favorite.
I see.
Chicken Parmesan.
Mmm.
Delicious.
I like chicken Parmesan.
Yes, I did.
What's that?
I like almost anything Parmesan.
Me too. I like whatever.
Arm-picked Parmesan.
You betcha.
Four to five on the three.
Six or two to one.
Those are the, well let's see.
And the two is five to one.
Four horsepower.
This is going to be, now how long is this race?
I didn't even look.
I don't know.
Six or five.
Okay, for a while.
Three quarters of a mile.
Like the first one I'm sure was also.
See.
You sure that it says it?
I would say it.
No, yeah.
Right, when you said it, it came up on the board.
I don't know what I want to look at that, but I'm getting to.
I'm getting to know.
You're starting to catch up.
Right.
This is a very bad situation for you.
I've learned way more complicated languages than that.
Here's the first three to, and I pray to Keyland.
There's Robbie Alborano, Ben on him.
He's a good jockey.
Seven or his.
Plunge your gut side.
Oh, Gary Gomez.
He's even better jockey.
He finds it too.
But please, Creek.
How many minutes we got?
Oh, nine minutes to post.
I better do the break.
Last time I thought I would screw it all up.
And it didn't make any difference anyhow because I wasn't getting the feed.
Right.
But they tapered.
But it was great.
The way Steve Sloan was describing the race there was.
I'm just going to head in the mic as far as that chart.
I was ahead.
And now he's way ahead.
He went by about 400 lengths and he's like, man, I don't know.
Can he win it?
Can he do it?
If I were you, what I would do, sometimes this day, I would make my peace with Norma.
That's what I would do.
Okay.
I'll explain to him that you have no ties to anybody else.
And that Neil, being the good guy that he is, has gone on here and said that I will pay him a reasonable stipend to take care of your work.
Because I know you can't afford it.
I can't afford it.
I can't afford it.
Oh, you got to pay him a few bucks to do something.
Right.
What do you think he's going to keep negotiating for you for free?
Absolutely not.
I paid him the first time he negotiated for me.
No, you didn't.
Yes, I did.
What about the last time?
No.
No, I'll take care of it.
I'll take care of it.
I'm not going to say a lot.
Like, certainly not.
I need a large amount.
I'm thinking something reasonable like about it.
I'll take care of it.
Oh, look at this.
The second race is coming up at Woodbine.
We get two racing intensive men.
They're off.
Dan Woizel.
A voice that you hear in your sleep.
They're off.
Why does he do that?
I don't know.
That's his style.
That's exactly right.
That's his style.
At least he doesn't scream and carry on like that guy Tampa Bay Downs.
That's screamer.
Error me, racially.
Error!
Bum bum bum bum.
I'm screaming and yelling like the world is coming away.
And these are like $1,500 claimers in Tampa.
They got bandages under tail.
That's how many bandages.
Even the jockeys are wearing bandages.
You know, it's a real horse ball track like Raceway Park and Toledo in the jockeys.
The horses and the jockeys all have race bandages.
You know what bandages are?
You never notice that on horses?
I would want to like around their ankles.
Yeah, yeah, I see it.
Or they got bandages there?
Sure.
All over the place.
Well, sometimes that's just for a show.
That's right for sure.
The show looks good.
Or for place.
Okay, let's do the break because otherwise it'll be a little bit tight.
The best happen time is in the projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Some independent truckers say they'll stop hauling freight for a test of
Russian high-decial fuel prices.
I'll throw it again.
I just can't pay to fill my tank again.
These old fuel is higher than it's ever been.
And I can't pay to get on the road again.
Oh, my thoughts.
I'll throw it again.
Oil profits, they are such a sin.
Screaming things at those exonable men.
I can't pay to get on the road again.
You're fair.
Off the road again.
Like a pack of suckers, we go down the highway.
Hope the gouging ends.
Cause the hour's working, Richard, reaching every day.
It's all I am.
Off the road again.
We're making a statement.
I just can't pay to get on the road again.
We shut down for five days.
I drive a truck and take it up the gas station.
Cause I can't pay to get on the road again.
But we are not going to put up with pricey like that.
You know we sure aren't.
142 at QAM.
So what do you got?
The two minutes to go to post time?
There are boots.
Three.
You're just going to make some money now.
It's guaranteed.
It isn't a good thing to know that whoever wins, you're going to get a little bit.
It is.
And we did some calculations here.
And we're going to root calculations.
Yeah.
Just because that's going to be the other big.
You're going to do a lot of things.
You're going to do a big pay off.
Root for the two.
Cause that's going to be the biggest pay off.
Or not.
The two or the three.
Right.
Both the same.
56 months.
Okay.
I didn't know that.
Well, you must have done some bad calculations.
Or you think I did it?
You know I don't do math.
Let's go and see if I can.
Bad calculations.
Cock-a-
Here's the tape-layed paper.
And post-parade for a Gulf Stream.
Well, that would get it on live, I think.
That would be exciting.
No.
Got some good stuff here that I wanted to do a pass along by.
I don't have time to do it.
Cause we're too busy making you a couple of bucks.
I read it.
Don't forget to go see George tomorrow, attend a new one for the grand reopening of CompUSA at 1740 North Federal Highway in prestigious 4 Lauderdale.
Come by for great savings and all your computer needs.
And maybe when some of those really funky QM prizes, some of the crap that we have stored away in the room closet will run.
CompUSA is back and George will be there, attend a new one money on it.
So how many of our people came out today?
We have like a...
Like a dozen.
Half a dozen?
Yeah.
Not what I consider a man of gathering.
Oh, you know.
But at least...
Well, we get the dancing girls out here, they're all really busy.
They're like living and breathing people or what?
Yeah, normal people.
No.
This fits fits.
Funny buck to the inside.
What?
They're going in.
Funny what?
B.L.S.Mettin.
You heard him on the bus coming out?
Buck.
Buck's.
It's just funny.
Griffin Doors sword.
Now who we would have to...
The two or the three?
The two or the three.
Not the one.
Not the one.
What is bad?
Six ain't bad.
The two or the three is bad.
They're not taped away.
This one's because I can hear you.
No, it's on live now.
Four to five right now on Griffin Doors sword.
And this guy does it.
He says, what are there are.
That's not the scary.
You know, that's Dan Lorzo.
That race is over.
We're by.
You better know your tracks and announcements.
I'm gonna get to...
Well you got to...
Pretty good to go elsewhere.
he's...
I don't know what his name is.
He's pretty good.
And...
Sterling?
Boy.
HAS28
Allers!
Have you seen M der James Atterrod?
He did.
See then
You think they're on the road?
a four-horse race. Maybe the one will be left in the end of the game.
The one got away bad.
The best break, BL's Metropolitan Outwell, Manuela R broke third and
Funnybuck will trail early.
Racing on the back suspension, BL's Metropolitan leaps by ahead,
Griffin doors sword is alongside second, Manuela R is just off the top two,
and Funnybuck isn't far behind either. He's lasted about two and a half length
off the lead as they go to the half-bio pole. BL's Metropolitan runs by a quarter
and twenty-two in-three, leapsed by a neck. Griffin doors sword alongside second,
Manuela R is just off of them running in third. Funnybuck is down on the rail
and he's just two lengths off the lead and a tight pack of four on the fire turn.
And now Griffin doors sword pulls to the side.
The old one is going to be in the inside. Manuela R is three-footed.
Everybody's quiet.
Funnybuck is still last.
That's from happened forty-five.
At the top of the stretch, it is Griffin doors sword.
In front, now Funnybuck has run and Funnybuck is constantly ahead.
He's going to engage Griffin doors sword at the end of the one.
The other one has gone.
No, no, he's going to catch it. He's going to catch it.
He's going to catch it. He's going to catch it.
No, he isn't. See there?
Hold it.
He's going to catch it.
Griffin doors sword.
He's going to catch it.
Alright, George is rich.
If you see Griffin doors, he's going to be interesting.
He's going to pick it up for a few bucks.
Yeah.
Well, that was a tough one.
I thought the one was going to go on by him.
You got fifty-six bucks.
George made thirty-one dollars.
He will see.
That's more than Chris makes it a month.
That's right.
That's why Chris is so quiet now.
He's speechless.
I'm crying over here.
That old bastard just made thirty-one dollars.
Yeah, what did he do?
I had a walk straight through him, man.
What did I tell you?
He bought it.
That's how the strange number didn't have fourteen dollars.
It all sounds strange to me to be honest.
Why is that?
Because I don't know the language yet.
Although I did get to say I'm wheeling the six.
I was really excited to be able to say that.
Well, seven times eight generally is fifty-six bucks.
Last time I checked.
I tried to think about those things.
Makes my ears bleed.
So there you go. It's done.
And we picked one.
We did it again.
Yeah, we did.
We came in legendary Herkov string.
Maybe I could be the handicrafter.
Because I'm going to need to augment my income.
That's right.
I'll have a talk.
I just remember what I told you.
This is serious advice now.
Make your piece with Norma.
It's all nice.
Another nice email.
Don't say, hey, how about me?
You silly old queen, like that.
All right.
Don't say like that.
Just say, what are you going to do for me, queen?
Norma.
I'll say the bad idea.
But seriously, tell him that you're not involved.
You don't have any written thing with that goofball that jackass.
That Jan Marie guy.
Oh, well, we want 45 points.
And the other guy wants 72 points.
And you're going to only owe us a million dollars.
What a schmuck.
Oh, these guys that talk like hot shots.
You know, they reminded me of Bob Gordon.
You remember Bob Gordon?
He used to be on the ear.
He used to be on TV.
I remember Gordon's soul either.
That's what he did now.
Well, his son was sure.
We hired him to do weekends on WNW West.
Only because he looked really good.
That's why I hired him.
How was the PD?
Bob Gordon's son.
And then it turned out he was a jerk and we had a canem too.
I think he worked one weekend.
And he got fired at it.
And you know, damn well, if somebody looks that good and he gets fired at him and some to say about it,
he must have been really a jerk, but never loved.
You following me?
I'm following.
So make the piece.
You got it.
I didn't know there was a non-peace.
Well, no, it's not a question.
Non-peace is just that he was under the impression that you had some deal going with that jackball.
I'll set him straight.
And as far as Bob would have said to me, I guess there's a one-page deal and he's fine.
Just the fact that he's actually getting paid on for him.
He's whining all the time.
He'll be fine.
That's right.
I'll continue to take care of all of you.
You know something?
Me and I may have to be negotiated.
Oh yeah?
Well, now that I'm making about 5% of what I used to.
You know, you're laughing.
Oh my God.
If you don't think I'm going to have to make a major adjustment, it sounds very...
Now, let's cut some barbells.
What did you cut some sale of that?
Well, the kind of money you're making and you're whining about your...
Like that, you know, that should be the problem of your life.
That'd be excellent.
When you stop with the funds, you know what you're talking about?
I'm not paying you a dime for George.
In fact, you got your winnings there.
Paying the 31 bus.
It'll be the commission.
Yeah.
For the commissioner.
Paying the $31 commission.
Anti-war Democrats accused the White House of plotting the sale of the next president
with a quagmire in Iraq as General David Patreus,
a face to the second day of scrutiny in Congress the other day, whenever the hell it was.
On the fifth anniversary of the fall of Baghdad, Patreus and U.S. Ambassador
to Iraq, Ryan Krakera on Wednesday, spoke to two committees in the House.
They faced a similar growing in the Senate on Tuesday.
President Bush's spokeswoman meanwhile left little doubt that he would back the General's call for freezing U.S. troop withdrawals
for at least 45 days after July and the National Speech on Iraq Policy yesterday.
Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid didn't wait for Bush to speak,
demanding changes to a war plan that looks set in stone for the rest of this presidency,
where stuck in the twilight zone in Iraq, Reid said,
and all he had to do was look at him and ignore in the twilight zone, Harry Reid.
When violence is up to President, says we can't bring our troops home,
when violence dips to President, says we can't bring our troops home.
President Bush has an exit strategy for just one man himself on January 20th, 2009.
We should live so long.
Democratic Senator Dick Durban said top administration officials must accept the judgment his view over the war,
and would soon hand over the Krakmyra of Iraq to the next President.
And it goes on and on, and it's just in the public's word about the,
what's that reflection in Dick Cheney's sunglasses, huh?
I don't know, but...
And it was a Hillary gonna have a bowl off with Barack, is that how we're gonna decide it?
I just got a fistful of dollars handed to me.
You got 56 bucks in my right county?
Yeah, yeah.
56 and change.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And change?
Yeah.
Like 56, 50 or something.
Oh, in other words, it was like eight dollars and change the double, eight, eight, 20, whatever it was.
I got some diamonds here.
No way.
I told you.
How could you say it?
Fitticent.
Don't ask me how?
Or why?
He just, he handed me, uh, 56, 50 cents for why?
I don't know.
60 cents.
Don't ask me, maybe for my good looks.
There must be a, maybe the 60 cents is to pay normal.
Looks right.
237 votes on our second poll today.
What do we have a thousand?
The first one, 1237.
That's pretty good.
Chris, good work on our Friday.
What, thank you very much.
By us.
Which of these do you find the most difficult to do?
Steel 61.
Trust 38.
For Give 34, 825, lie 24.
Sypathize 19, cheat 18.
Love 11 and listen 7.
Or listen should have a lot more than that because, well, I don't know these are a listener.
Some of you, they're a listener, man.
What?
Exactly.
Most people don't listen.
That's one of people's biggest weakness.
They don't listen.
I know a lot of people like that.
I'm trying to tell you something.
As Scorchemy, as Scorchemy, they don't listen.
Come on.
Exactly.
Perry.
Is he still walking into woods with buddhaebees or are they both dead?
I don't know.
He's dead.
What are they dead?
Perry's very dead.
I hope buddhaebees might be dead by now too.
I hope you have a real nasty old coof.
Let's play some CKLW jingles if we only have time.
All the jingles all the time.
Who are you telling me are likes the jingles?
D-A-D-L-D-A, whatever's they do.
He likes the jingles.
Maybe we can hook him up with a blind life.
What biggest name?
The bad jingles.
This is no projects.
425.
62 AM.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
The name is 425.
I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60 second goal for our update.
We have some new reports that just came in.
They're hard to explain, so let's move to the Middle East War map.
Rick's world, if you will.
And I'll try to explain.
Rick's world, hurry on, X-Z.
Rick's world, hurry on, X-Z.
Rick's world, hurry on, X-Z.
Rick's world, hurry on, X-Z.
Party on, everyone.
I'm your most excellent anchor, Rick Sanchez.
And with me, as always, Sally Fitz.
Party on, Sal.
Party on, Rick.
Called San Pedro lately.
Not since I've been back from Houston.
People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory.
Say, what about that guy you flattened, is he still in a coma?
Uh, yeah, still in a coma.
I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal.
Not.
Anyway, Hussein blew off a couple more scud at the occupied West Bank.
But those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted it.
Kaboom!
Kaboom!
As you know, the insane Hussein.
Gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what?
Yes, poison gas, but as I squat over Baghdad.
Gap, later.
Somebody gave Rick a raspberry.
I give him a gas of my own.
Hot air, out of both ends.
Oh, more rising today, said.
Yeah, look at the mad man.
You might know the secret weapon the Americans have.
The 40-foot colossal news anchor with the chopped lips.
Squatting over my country with a smelly gas.
My troops are all fleeing, but for me, I ran.
But I couldn't hide.
Well, that's all the time we have for today, party on sale.
Party on, Rick.
I'll sit in squats so you worry not.
Rick over our rack for Channel 7 News.
Bye-bye-bye!
The biggest names of this cabin.
How I'll call the rat.
And you're home for Miami Dovens football.
Sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami for Lauderdale.
What are you gonna do?
Nice college boy, huh?
They want to get mixed up in a family business.
And now you want to go down a police cabin.
Why, because you slapped your face a little bit?
Huh?
What do you think? This is the army where you shoot them a mile away.
You're gonna get up close like this.
The big your blooded brains all over your nice side, leaks suit.
This is better than sex.
Huh? You're taking us very close.
