No portion of this program will be produced if I'll be expressed written permission of WQAM
Bebe Broadcast Group Inc.
Raymond!
The biggest names of best talent!
When you're listening to sports Radio 560 WQAM, I am a Ford Lutterdale.
It's about to be a screamer or a...
A flunger.
How long are you telling me?
If my queen...
God!
Now 560 WQAM presents the QAM Road Group.
To read people and the rest of the crew, visiting ours are 12 to 3 pm on Sunday.
For conjure who visits, 4 to 6 pm on leap year.
Now, here's people and the QAM Road Group.
I'm sorry I can't get to your goals right now.
I'm a little busy picking up this trash here in the side of the road.
Are you talking to D-4?
Oh, just maintaining a little dignity here.
That's what everybody loves about you D-4.
It's not looking busy. Here comes the screw.
Hey! We ain't running as close to good here!
Get back to work! Get back to work!
Let's start here.
It is the candy wrap over here.
Do!
To me?
It is the standard wrap for Hoji's quake.
I'll have for you.
I get tired of you like bits don't you?
Grab that hammer and bring those rocks to bits.
That has started breaking. Start breaking.
Do!
Do!
Pick up that sidebar.
It's got duty in it.
Pick it up!
But I am...
What? What?
What?
You know?
It seems what we have here is a failure to the computer.
It's a failure to the computer.
Okay, all right, now I saw that too.
Sit up, D-4. Sit up, just today.
You may have been a big shot, but today, you and my kids, I looked up the road.
Okay.
I looked down the road.
Did he cost coming?
No.
You're a big sportsman, right?
I don't get no idea.
Good. Here.
Never thinks a god.
Okay.
Hurry.
Fast, fast.
Come on, fast.
Oh, my request this morning.
I do like that.
I got a request right off the bat.
You know, D-4 was a real...
Everybody knows that.
10-0-2-5-60 WDQ-A.
No gel rose again this morning.
It's either jury duty or he's got a sore throat because he's screams too much.
He's got some issues, man.
Or he might be a...
You're talking about a offset scrimmage.
What?
Or he might be a suspended who knows?
Or will they start net crap again?
That's what Mandage apparently said yesterday.
Suspended for what?
Who knows this gel?
I'm not going to play that game.
That sandbox game that we play on the stage.
I thought we were done with that, speaking of D-4.
I thought that was over back in the days of the worst team.
When they make up these stories every time...
Well, that's the April Fool, don't you get it?
Uh-huh.
Oh, you are really gullible.
Is the Zack what is your knob?
Is he still a...
He's here.
Um, he moved all the stuff in here and then he left the studio real quick.
So I guess he's going back?
Maybe he's joicing.
Exactly.
He's going to have to feel the building shaking and quaking and baking.
You'll know.
Anyway, Chris, a guy named Chris Lister, requested that bit.
He said this morning Steve came told his listener, singular,
that he and his family feasted in Pompato on the free pasta and meatballs.
Steve was even able to take home a good bag of pasta that he claimed he could feed his family for days.
A goodie bag.
Also, could you please play the bit with D4 on the chain gang?
There you go, Chris.
No problem.
Well, you must be the listener, Chris.
Oh, yeah, that was probably me.
No, not you, different Chris.
Oh, okay.
A lot of Chris is around, you know?
That's right here.
And then here's a very amusing and fake facts.
It's supposed to be aggravating and annoying, but it turns out to be most amusing.
And it's signed Joe Name, Rotten Chester, New York.
I think you're right.
This is from Mo.
Thanks a lot, Mo.
I'm sure he's listening right now.
It says I was listening to another software station when the host mentioned Mr. Rogers' name,
explaining the lingering animosity between him and former QAM or Howard David did,
did, did, did, did, did, was that David represented everything he wanted to be and was not.
Name me a successful sports toy by a play guy, i.e. a childhood dream.
Now it all makes sense.
Well, moment, let me take it this.
That's what I, that's what I really always wanted to be, just like you.
Unemployable, always getting canned, no matter where I went, hated by everybody in the building,
no matter which building it was, and all of these things.
All of these things.
And also, earning whatever kind of measly paycheck you're making these days.
That's a voimo.
Good job.
Joe Name and Rotten Chester, New York.
That's what it is, the animosity.
What about the animosity between Mo and everybody else in the building?
Like Joe Rose, like Mad Dog, like Hank.
Oh, that didn't matter.
Like Zach.
What about everybody?
But I just mentioned that in passing.
Mo, Mo's in denial, you know, it's me.
Max Mo's Lee, president of the Federation International Data Automobile,
FIs, government, was that F1?
Yeah.
What's F1?
I'm not, that's where I'm going.
Formula 1 racing?
Oh, terminal.
F1's governing body is facing intense pressure to resign from his post after being implicated and they're not seeing.
I think this is another, um, since the Associated Press Contruded to this report, is this the Amos,
or just in the April Fool?
You gotta be careful now.
I would assume that's probably real.
Max Mo's Lee's, you would assume.
That's very encouraging.
A facing intense pressure to resign from his post after being implicated in a Nazi role playing orgy,
equivalent to a British tabloid news of the world.
The report detailed of five hour Nazi-style orgy between mostly in five prostitutes at a house in Chelsea.
And it goes on describing the rules they were playing, but at one point during the video of the man yells,
she needs more of his punishment, while brandishing her leather strap over women's bottom before striking her with it,
and counting in German as other women in Nazi-style uniforms look on.
The report is even more disturbing because of the fact that his father, Oswald Mo's,
there was a former British politician who served in Parliament for both the labor and conservative parties before WWII.
And it goes on with a bunch of crap.
I don't think it's for real, but nevertheless.
This is for real.
A Roman Catholic nun accused of stealing from the Omaha Arts Dice,
and gambling much of the money was played at guilty the theft.
She gambled away the money from the Arts Dice, how do you like that?
Maybe she got hooked on Bingo.
Never knew.
Maybe she was the bitch I saw there at the slots.
Counting?
An attorney says sister Barbara Markey,
clearly guilty, mandated theft of more than 1,500 bucks,
defences attorney J. William Gallup,
says she also agreed to pay $125,000 in restitution.
Markey faces up to 20 years in prison when she sentenced in July.
Markey's an internationally known speaker.
She was fired in 2006's Director of the Arts Dice's Family Life Office after an audit found her regularities.
The audit found that Markey spent over 307 grand for her own use or without documentation,
prosecuting to say Markey used the money to cover gambling for ways, gifts, and trips.
She liked to pund your gutself.
That's all.
She's a guy with the gambling nun.
If you heard of the singing nun, this is the gambling nun.
The singing nun.
Gotta leave off the G at the end.
Singing.
As in screaming.
Flaming.
Like that.
That's a sports thing.
And I want Q.A.M.
It's a sports thing.
We're singing.
And running.
We're running fast.
610 votes on a day's poll.
We better look at yesterday's first one.
Wouldn't you think?
Sure.
I don't think I'd have shouted 1,000 a day or what?
We keep up short yesterday, even after the show.
Well, former Q.A.M. host, we'd like to see back on WQA.M. 924 vote.
The Humper wins hands down your pants.
We have 154 votes for the Humper.
That was funny.
39% of all the votes.
Far out, 121.
None of the above, 117.
Mohawar David did it.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
I always admire the show.
He is not that bad.
He is not that bad.
He is not that bad.
He either is not bad.
He is not that bad.
In his-
2001 FACONORD
In his-
2002 FACONORD
2002 FACONORD
In his-
2002 FACONORD
In his-
2002 FACONORD
In his-
2002
In his-
to the finals of his best burger and town contestant, he's getting the finals for now
over a couple months.
Maybe Futsi's the one that sent that idiotic thing about Moe wouldn't surprise me.
Hey Futsi, how's Tutsi, baby?
You idiot.
Here's the deal.
The last, the best days of my sex life are in the past 348.
Oh, and the distant past for me.
In the future, hopefully 148, in the present like right this minute, it's great 96, and
I'm asexual 25, 627 of whether coming in in big bunches now, big chunks, so we can make
a thousand of they want that big gray one.
That'll be because Zach is here, not that that puts Josh Cordes.
That's obvious.
Yeah, rip him an ass.
Oh, I love that.
This is Faxi's sending me now.
Is this another pool?
Oh, you'll like it.
It's from some lawyer in Boca.
It says QAM line up for tomorrow.
6 to 10, DA in for Joe Rose, 2 to 4, DA in for Jacks, 4 to 7, DA in for Mad Dog, 10 to 2,
DA in for George, who is in for Neil, and 7 to 10 to Beast in for DA.
And then it says the biggest name is the brightest talent, WQAM.
Oh, and then the bottom it says it's got that confidentiality notice.
It's legally privileged and confidential information only intended for the usage image
where it was sent to me, OK?
That's the way it goes, Nat, from a lawyer in Boca.
That's cute.
DA in for everybody.
Well, he's getting a lot of work these days anyway.
He'll do a DA.
Get a lot of air time.
I wonder if he knows Hamilton Burger.
Remember he was the DA on Perimation?
No.
And he smoked all those packets and he got lung cancer.
This is Hamilton Burger.
I don't smoke.
Like that.
And he croaked.
From it, it's after 10 to 5, 60, WQAM, Neil's half price deals are the hit of
the town.
Maybe everywhere you go, there's shion about it.
Each week we have another offer for you for all our happy listeners and even the unhappy
ones.
Starting this Thursday at noon, you'll be able to buy $50 certificates at half price,
just $25 bucks, too, Lucille's American Cafe in Western.
Lucille's is the 1940s style upscale vendor that captures the lunch and it's fuel in
that era.
It's all about homemade food, huge portions, and family-friendly prices.
Many items include a 12-ounce center cut near strip, a pulled pork platter, barbecue
baby back ribs and marinated or Texas-style chicken breasts.
Plus they've got phenomenal desserts like homemade bread pudding and their famous big
split banana split.
Big enough to share, but good enough to eat all by yourself, Zach.
Lucille's American Cafe, 2250, Western Road, 954, 384, 9007.
And now thanks to me, you'll be able to buy $50 certificates at half price deals, $25
bucks, this Thursday at noon on WQAM.com.
Be sure and act fast because like Tommy always loved the same.
He always shmerked when he said it.
Act fast because once they're gone, they're just gone.
What the biggest name?
The best talent is no logic.
4.560 QAM.
Big sports leader.
No, you.
No.
No.
No.
No.
This is a moment we learned something new.
Before American Idol, you danced in a nude.
You worked at a place that is complex and you didn't dance for any chicks.
Now see crest bikes you even know.
You're fairing.
Performing an idol was your biggest dream.
Yeah.
Danny Monterey, because not the only queen.
You say that you did it just for cash.
Show your joke and show your ass when you get kicked right out the door.
Cause you danced for some gays, you stepped yourself down, you sat on some flats and
you wiggled around.
You won't play with no, but pictures don't lie.
You wrapped in the cold and you win for the ride.
You dance for some gays, it's all in the news.
You say you love music but you also love dudes.
You dance for some gays, you dance for some gays.
1018-560-WDQM.
Happy Tuesday to its April Fool's Day.
We're acting up play no April Fool's pranks on this show.
That's for children.
That's for overgrown children.
Oh, but you're a party pooper, Neil.
That's all the fun of April first, is April Fool.
Yeah, right.
I think it's a little on the childish side.
People have pull those pranks like, oh, guess what?
The beast is dead or stuff like that.
Is that a prank?
Well, I don't know.
I don't want to get into that.
Okay, I'll leave that for Joe if he ever comes back.
For a little dog.
If he ever does.
Yeah, if he now, you're the, you're his producer, you're his confident and right-handed
left-hand man.
What's the real story there?
I know he made this suspended crap.
Okay, that's more of that old first-team lie, that the baloney.
I know that he was sick yesterday, so I'm guessing it was a sick day, but all I heard was
that the day he was filling in, I didn't get to speak to Joe, passed about two o'clock
yesterday.
Yeah.
I didn't see him on the news.
Oh, my God.
I think I'm catching whatever he's got.
He's got something.
And he's got something all right.
He's ill.
I still think it's from too many screaming, too many live spots.
I'm a lady.
I believe that.
He talks a lot about running.
I'm talking about screaming.
Without the G, running.
He's running fast.
A new poll finds the majority of Republicans and Democrats feel Senator Barack Obama would
be a tougher candidate against the presumptive old coup John McCain and a potential fall matchup.
That old coup.
In a callup poll released yesterday, 59% of Democratic voters believe Obama's got the best chance
of beating McCain.
30%.
But third man said swallery was more likely to win a matchup with the old insane McCain.
Republican surveys had Clinton would be the easiest to beat.
64% said Clinton would make a weaker fall opponent for McCain, just 22% said Obama would.
The discussion of which Democrats stands as strongest against McCain's been an ongoing
debate since the Republican race, Neurod leaving McCain as the Republican nominee and
waiting.
The Gallup poll released last week suggested a majority of Democrats would cast a vote
for McCain this fall if the candidate they support doesn't win the Democratic nomination.
This is especially true of Clinton supporters, a third of whom said they would vote for
McCain if Obama's the Democratic nominee.
But in spite of that, Obama does better in a polling against McCain.
So figure that out.
Right?
Go figure.
Go figure.
Okay.
Lias figure figures.
How's that go?
Figure skaters lie.
How's Nancy Kerrigan doing, by the way?
It's fine.
Harding.
656 votes on our survey.
It's not a poll.
It's a survey.
What's the best of burger?
Let me say again about that place.
I keep thinking about how awful that place is.
So bad.
I could have Grand Lux Cafe.
The charter was excellent, sensational.
The water was very good.
My diet coke was acceptable.
But other than that, it blew.
In fact, I had a bad dinner here last night with Paco.
We had, when I was dinner, it was sucked.
It bad.
Really bad.
What's the story with that?
All right.
It looks?
No, we didn't go to the Grand Lux Cafe.
How could we do that?
I don't know.
Or you have some kind of a schmuck.
Oh, have you been to Grand Lux?
I have.
And you like it.
I think it's pretty good.
And you want to know why you like it because they give big, huge portions of it up for
an elephant.
That's why you like it.
That's why I love it.
That's the parameter in South Florida.
Not as the food really delicious.
Not as it cooked well.
Not as it, uh, great ingredients fresh.
No, nothing out of that.
They give you, they give you enough for like four elephants.
That's the, uh, browner.
They give you a big portion that they have to throw 90% of it out.
That makes it great.
That's why people love the cheesecake factory and the Grand Lux Cafe.
Very bitterly disappointing.
Week.
Week.
How bad can an omelette be?
I keep asking that question.
How bad can it be?
I'll tell you a place that you'll love since you weren't with us yesterday is that
Mirens deli in the Pompo Park at the casino there.
Okay.
What?
The Zach expiring hour.
Why?
Oh, I thought that it was more to the story.
I'm sorry.
Well, I'm not going to go through the whole thing again.
I'm just telling you it was great.
It's, uh, maybe after Miren Cohen, the old Jewish committee has been dead on for
years, I guess.
And it's inside the casino there at Pompo Park.
Don't play the slots there because they're tighter in a drum.
They don't, uh, you, you put in.
They don't put out.
How can you tell if the slots are good or not?
How do you know?
How do you know which place to go to?
I'm looking for a good place to win some money.
Can I get so much gold for you now?
You're looking for a place to win some money and you want to play the slots and you think
you're going to win some money?
Are you an idiot or what?
I think you've been hanging around with a little dog too long.
It's possible.
You need to win some money and you want to go.
I'll just tell you this.
I was to two places.
I didn't get to go mainstream, which I apologize profusely because they invited me for dinner
in the whole deal, but it was a Florida Derby weekend and I'm not going to, I'm not that
crazy to fight billions of people.
That's the one weekend that, you know, I didn't want to be anywhere near there.
So I didn't get to check those out.
All of George Rates had very highly since it's great and everybody else does too.
Even Corpus and his friends.
But of the two places I went, I went to Pompo Park and we went to Hard Rock on Saturday.
Hard Rock was great.
All the machine.
I mean, look, you're not going to go anywhere with the machines and just pouring money
out.
Darn.
They're not, they're not, no, but like in Vegas, they're not just there to give money away.
They're there to take your money as the best they can.
That's where they make all their money.
I thought you might have the inside scoop on it.
So the inside scoop of the two places I went, the Hard Rock was much, much better.
Did you actually want money there?
One of a few hundred bucks.
Did you eat at the Hard Rock anywhere?
No, but they have lots and lots of restaurants.
They got snack bars.
They got food all over the damn place.
And a much young, younger and really hot crowd in there.
Oh my God, I just don't believe it.
Oh yeah, that was that chicken game too, then.
What is it called?
He-Ha.
Where I won 1,300 bucks on that baby.
See that?
That's the implied scoop.
I'll play He-Ha with them.
Yeah, go play He-Ha with the chickens with the three screaming chickens.
A lot of screamers there.
Maybe that's where Joe was today.
The cows up to 120 points.
Let's hear it.
All right.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Play that market, man.
If you're a fool, if you're an idiot.
665 votes on a pool.
Chris thinks if we can get like 700 in the sum by the top of the yard, we can got a shot at 1000.
Yep.
I don't want to be speaking for you, but you know, otherwise you just sit there like a lump.
Oh, look at 1000.
Come here today.
We'll get 1000.
I was right here today.
He says that'll guarantee you that'll cinch it that we get to 1000 votes.
Speaking of numbers for that numbers guy out there.
Maybe you can go to the casino with a quarter-shot guy.
Maybe we can get a hold of him for you.
Come in.
Now, have you said you've been to, oh, that's right.
You said you were at the restaurant.
You shouldn't have a grandloffs cafe.
What do you have there that was so good?
They had before my diet, I had a, they had actually like a chicken parm dish.
That was very good.
You have what?
Chicken parmagellan.
Oh, really?
They had like a roasted chicken dish with vegetables that I eat now.
It's very good.
I'm a big chicken guy.
So maybe the chicken.
Yeah, have a lot of it.
Well, that's right.
Go play that to Heahum, man.
If you get the three chickens, then you get 29 free spins.
The first one comes up and it goes just like that.
And then the second chicken comes up and then the third one, if it does come up for you,
which you hope, they go, it's screaming like the chicken has been shot.
Like it's been put in a hot pot of boiling water.
Sounds like a Joero's life spot.
Yeah.
It's not.
I leave all the lives to him because basically on this show we don't have any.
Because our sales department, they're allergic to this show.
Especially the sales manager.
He's got a near-righteous allergy.
I don't know what that's all about.
But that's going to have to change.
You know, if we make that deal that the normal keeps talking about, I had a phone call from
Norma yesterday.
He claims to be doing something.
So I'm going to imagine what he's doing to a lot.
I don't know.
Fantasy baseball, probably.
Fantasy baseball and fantasy runaway hot young guys, something like that.
So I bought that facts about Mohawar Davida.
That was very funny, Moe.
Very, very music of him.
You've been that funny on the air.
Totally, totally.
I still be on.
Although I doubt it because everybody hated you like poison.
Like poison.
Have you ever encountered anybody who was so reviled by so many?
So.
No.
Am I right?
Yes.
There wasn't not a lot of people that worked in the morning here that were.
You couldn't get along with anybody.
Yeah.
Even little Geldie.
God.
Man, did he hate him like, oh God, poison would be an understatement.
If he, if murder would have been legal, I guarantee you, Geldie, would have blown his brains out.
I don't know, I'm going right now.
Positive.
Do you agree?
Yes.
We would have bought a gun on day three.
I can't take it anymore.
Why am I going to do it?
He's just impossible.
This guy can do it.
This guy has a flash.
He's now watching.
He's running over the air.
I'm being forced later.
Push them off the next.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
We're going to get you.
I'm going to get you too.
What?
What?
What?
What?
Come and help me.
You get you in the way.
somebody right to done on their wrist.
Jerk show it too, as the heat lose again by 20 this time.
They're doing it, man.
They are really doing it.
Well, you gotta hate.
Mad Dog 4 to 6.55.
Then at 6.55, we had him off a little bit early
because we got UNFAU baseball.
Wow.
That's a good a phenomenal.
And then the adasio, the DA smart enough to stay away from,
you don't wanna follow UN baseball.
So we got you on Linder, gotta be correct.
Handling that assignment, the only reason I know that
is because I heard DA say it.
Because our program director didn't bother sending
a revised schedule or sitting down to fact saying,
oh, by the way, John Linder is gonna be on for a DA tonight
or anything like that.
But I'm on top of things, baby.
I'm right, I got my thumb right in it.
Today's April Fool's Day in a slow economy,
serious politicking and global turbulence
may be driving people to see comic stimulus.
Online research into April Tom Polery
is up 40% over last year.
In the past seven day searches have sored
300 to 2% for practical jokes as opposed to impractical jokes.
344% for April Fool's jokes and another 1564%
for April Fool's Pranks.
It says this is from, I don't know what's from, from Yahoo.
From Yahoo.
You're ready to file the workplace harassment claims.
Your sacrosanct place of productivity isn't enviable.
Worker bees are investigating April Fool's Office Pranks
and Office Pranks.
You won't be able to answer a phone call
without wondering if you'll hear prank call sound boards.
Whatever they mean, what does that mean?
They have little website, little sound boards of,
maybe a celebrity making fun of you,
saying something stupid.
Oh, really?
Can you use that as your answers back on a phone call?
In the spirit of public service,
beware these April Fool's had warns here.
One youth means guile.
Sweet face, female preteens,
prone to uncontrolled giggling
should be approached with extreme caution.
Uncontrolled giggling.
Two, don't trust them when they're older either.
conspiratorial women 35 to 44 make up one out of ten pranksters. However, ladies 45 to
54 are more likely to be in the verbal width than short cheating.
Three biggest gathering April fools depends, folks most into April fools day hail from
Wisconsin.
Cheeseheads.
Nothing better to do.
However, Pennsylvania's lead queries into jokes and pranks must be all that pre-primary
stress.
And media conspiracies slighted as come out with its April fool self-defense kit, although
searches have already been checking out snopes, hoaxes to educate themselves.
It's just a bunch of stupid crap, okay?
It's just a bunch of nonsense.
I don't want to be a party fool for any more than usual, but Jesus Christ, get our
freaking life away.
I have no life.
Oh April fool, April fool.
God, I can't see.
I won't think I can't handle silly people.
Funny people I love.
I love people with a real sense of humor and make you laugh.
Through with a billion dollars.
But silly people, do you know what I mean by that?
Oh yeah.
Hate silly.
What about you, Chris?
You win the silly?
Oh whatever.
684 votes on the survey.
The best days of my sex life are.
I apologize for this poll by the way.
It's, uh, it could be a lot better.
Could you?
You made the poll.
I don't know.
Some listeners said it and I found it in my pile.
In fact, it's un, uh, got no name on it.
I got it right here.
So it was the poll silly or funny.
In fact, it's from somebody at the title company of Brevard County.
Is where the return header is on the facts.
The title company of Brevard County.
Of Brevard County.
Now what are you asking?
I said it's the poll silly or funny.
No, it's just the week.
Week.
There's a difference between silly, funny, and just plain weak.
How about if we put on there, uh, is there any other choices we could put on there?
The best days of my sex life are.
No, I don't think there are any other choices.
Not really.
In the past, 366, in the future, hopefully, 152, in the present.
As in, like, right now, it's great 109.
And I'm a sexual 27.
I'm Canadian.
I'm not two-sexual, A.
I was Canadian.
They're pretty horny outside today.
I don't think I found pretty universal no matter where you're going to work.
A lot of horny people.
Thank God.
You know what I mean?
Of course.
No matter where you go, that's pretty consistent.
It's not like you go to some country and the people are, oh, what we don't do is sex
here, you know?
Just to make a few babies and keep the population alive.
That's boring.
What?
That's boring.
That would be boring.
Oh, now we didn't find out yesterday.
We were asking, oh, what do you live in, David Broward?
Me?
Yeah.
I live in Broward.
Broward.
See, nobody lives in Dave County except Chris.
Yeah, well, yeah.
I know what.
Sova's can't afford to move yet.
Why is that?
We're kind of money you're making.
I'll tell you what, Zach's going to take you to the hard rock and make you some money
on the chickens.
I can't wait.
We'll go right after the show.
Buck, buck, buck.
He ha.
That's the name of the game.
There's a whole row of them.
Now there are five cent machines.
That's mine.
If you want to get what?
Five cents about what I can afford.
No, five cent machines.
But if you want the maximum credits, if you want to win the big bucks like I did, I'm
going to pay $1,300 bucks.
You got to play the maximum, which is 30 times $550.
So a buck thing.
I mean?
I mean, maybe no, it's a 2 cent machine.
So it's $150 times $2, so it's $3 bucks a pull.
All right.
Can you handle that?
I like things.
I like $3.
Yeah, I bet you do.
Do you play the penny machine?
Well, let me say it again.
The maximum is $3 bucks a pull.
What do you play the penny machine?
You keep faster?
I know that you went like you know, slumming.
I like that one.
You are such an a-hole, man.
It's just there are no words to describe it.
Well, you always talk about all your earned calculations.
You have no idea what you're talking about.
You must be learning from George.
No.
You have no clue what you're talking about, but you're the expert.
Then that's George's area of expertise.
I know that's that I'm expert.
Let me say it again.
When you play the maximum, you're playing $3 every time you hit the button.
Is that something you can afford?
Is that like a low-balling?
$3 bucks a pull.
What do you want me to play the $100 slots with that make you happy?
Yes.
Shut up.
That would be interesting.
Yeah, no, it would not be interesting.
It would be disastrous.
It would be foolish.
Like at Poppano where I played those $5, those two old machines they had in the wheel
of fortune, $15 bucks a hit.
And they were tighter than a witch's ass, man.
They weren't paying a dime.
Nothing.
Not even a cherry.
Most slot, and I don't know what it is in the, I'm going to have to get over to Gelstein
real soon because they have no real wheel of fortune machines at Hard Rock and the ones
at Poppano, oh my god.
They might, they might better instead have it on a machine.
They just have a hole where you shove your money in it.
Just a slot.
Just stick your money in here.
Nothing's going to happen, but just give us the money.
This is graceful.
Not as this graceful is what they're doing to the horsemen and the racing and the race
facility there at Poppano.
They're just letting that whole thing go to hell.
Nice going here, Ollica, pre-ulunatics man, you maniacs.
We should take it over and rejuvenate.
Yeah, redo it.
Bring back to the good old days, man.
Bring back to the dead, Stanley Dancer and Del Miller, all those guys, Billy Houghton.
Bring back the great drivers from days gone by.
Bring back B. Farber and Joe Marsh Jr. and Tom Wilburn and Dick McCumber.
Senior.
Who?
Junior.
You heard me.
You better get with it because you sure don't know you're racing.
And either the Zala Capri, that's obvious.
They don't want nothing.
They don't care about it.
But that's okay.
And that's the way it goes.
It's like everything else, you know, like here in Ontario, all the, all the tracks have
slots.
All of them.
And that's just an Ontario, also out in BC.
They got, they're like, phrasier down.
And the persons for the races have gone zooming up as a result of it and they've done it
right and they've helped racing tremendously.
And of course, they also pay out.
I mean, I'll tell you one thing, as much as I bitch about woodbying, you get more action
there in one hour than you get in five years in the Slice of Pompano, unless you just
wild, blind luck.
And you don't have to pay taxes on your big winnings.
And you don't have to pay taxes no matter how much you win.
That's correct.
Very good.
Very perspicacious, Mr. Chris.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
With your $8 machine.
You have all hope.
All hope.
Sex.
In his birthday suit.
Sertitext.
To a prostitute.
Glow.
On his number one.
Got some love.
Right at the mansion.
No gunballs.
Sailing off into oblivion.
The gunballs.
Better like a ball and new vision.
His wife looked punched in the gut cause.
Her guy, Elliot, got caught.
Oh.
Rubble thing to see.
It reminded me.
Of Jim McRevy.
But not quite.
Cause we're talking about pros.
Black and white.
Under his big nose.
The gunballs.
Sailing off into oblivion.
The gunballs.
Better hide all the ammunition.
And set a course for embarrassment.
And sexual harassment.
Don't.
Not knowing lies were tapped.
Like a bomb.
Who had just been sad.
The gunballs.
I hope your wife comes off.
It's 1048, 12 minutes before 11 at 560 W.
You haven't it's a great Tuesday, man.
It's April 1st, April Fool's Day.
And Moa's coming back today.
April Fool for him.
And Zach has been sitting there and being his sidekick and producer.
And books and more of those crappy guests that got you in the first place.
Is that what he was pissed off about?
Yeah, he said I didn't get him enough big time guests.
Big name guests.
Except I would call a lot of people up for him and get a lot of declines.
Click.
Is that what would happen?
Remember the first incident with Jimmy Johnson?
Uh-huh.
When I believe he basically brought him on the air and didn't bring him up right away
and then just treated him as a normal caller when he brought him up like Jimmy on a mobile.
Wow.
Come on.
And tell you when the agent called me back the next day, I was like Jimmy will not come back on the show.
Really?
Yeah.
He wasn't treated with proper respect, Jimmy.
Nope.
Well, if it was me, I would even put him on in the first place even after he was doing a sports show.
Why would I want to talk to that, Jackass?
Oh, was he the coach back then?
No, he was not.
He was not.
He was not.
He was once.
Yeah, see what I mean was he even the coach.
And he did a hell of a job in those four years.
Not.
Hey, give him a hard time.
Talk to big game, man.
Talk to big game.
Talk a lot of crap, you know.
Help to get Chula Cam, the brain stem.
He helped to get him up pushed out, kept knocking him and ripping him.
And then when he had his own chance, man, he blew it.
He stunk.
In fact, there's been a long, I tend to know.
Now, I've already forgotten his name, Scan Cameron, from last year.
So quickly, we forget.
There have been a succession of losers, the Lexiwits have seldom been seen coaching that team.
Now, who's the new coach?
Tony Spirato.
Oh, that's right.
Tony Soprano, that's right.
Now, maybe he can help open some of the games with a little bit of help from his friends.
You know what I mean?
Is the Prano's the other right people?
Of course.
Senator Barack Obama's won the overall delegate race in Texas.
They finally got the totals in there.
Man, this is taken forever.
Thanks to a strong, showing and Democratic County Convention held over the past weekend.
Obama picked up seven out of nine outstanding delegates, giving my total of 99 Texas delegates.
Swarie got the other two giving her a total of 94.
So even though she won the popular vote, he gets 99 delegates.
She gets 94.
Precinct caucuses began immediately after the polls closed on primary night,
and quickly devolved into chaos in May parts of the state because of an unprecedented turnout of more than a million Democrats.
The state party was never able to provide complete results from the caucuses, which is why the AP with held nine delegates.
The precinct caucuses elected delegates from about 280 County and State Senate District conventions on Saturday.
The AP awarded the remaining delegate counts based on results from Saturday's conventions, showing Obama with about 58% of the vote compared to 42% for swallery.
It's so complicated nobody can figure it out.
That's the party for you, man.
Both these parties, all the Republicans, they make it simpler.
It's easier to fix that way.
But with the Democrats, it's so, oh, let's have a...
Let's have a popular vote and let's have a caucus and let's do this and let's do something else and...
...and lie about it.
715 are pulled by the way.
We got a real shot today of getting that thousand votes.
I think so.
We're not supposed to court it.
Now court is going to be back on Friday.
Well Zach's going to be here on Thursday.
What's going to happen when they bring in the food?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah, what? I thought you were in a diet as long as it's...
I'm still going to bring something and I'm sure they'll bring me something.
Doing healthy food.
Yes.
Like a nice juicy steak. Can you have that?
I can have that, yeah.
Well we have the menu that stuff wants us to look at.
It's a suggestion stuff.
How about a nice chicken Caesar salad for me?
Okay.
Something like that.
That would be nice.
Hmm.
He was thinking of maybe bringing in a banana salad.
How about a lot of you?
I was just going to say, you took the words out of my mouth.
How about one of those big banana splits that they got in the spot?
I could look at it.
What do they call it?
You wouldn't look at it.
I would only look at it.
It's called the big split banana split.
Big enough to share it.
I'm going to not email by yourself.
That's what it says.
Zach.
I'll eat it under the table.
Yeah.
Mr. Diet.
I wish all the luck in the world because you needed to stay alive and I heard Joe rip in the
beast and ask all the time and under the guise of, well we're trying to save him.
He's a big fat tub of crap and he's going to die.
Just rip in him and ask.
See that that just causes fat people.
I know fat believe you mean.
That causes us to eat more.
Frustration eating.
Like last night I had that bad meal at a restaurant that you know is keeps getting worse
and worse.
I don't even go there.
I never go there again.
It sucked.
Until that's done.
And so when I came back here after we finished the paco finishes driving less than last
night and I went to the little Chinese market and got two candy bars.
See that?
And I'm sick now because of it.
I'm not really sick.
But I'll pull the Joe Rose.
Oh, I'm sick April Fool.
I can't continue here.
Zach.
All right.
Welcome to the New York Roger Show.
Minnesota Senator Amy Klubbuchar.
What's her name?
A super delegate holdout from a traditional swing state.
Back fellow freshman Senator Barack Obama yesterday.
While Obama rival Senator Swarrow began a presidential campaign with a massive advantage
in congressional endorsements, Klubbuchar's endorsement now gives Obama a 13-11 age over
a foot among their Democratic Senate colleagues.
How do you like that?
I believe I have an obligation to try to bring our party together.
My nose is running.
See that's because I just need.
Oh, better catch it.
Now I got a hanky here in the drawer for blowing my nose.
Oh, I ran out of the kind of emergency.
Sure.
Mmm.
There you go.
Well, no, the good thing is I just took my underwear and my hankies out of the way you had
driered.
Did you hear that buzzer go off a little while ago?
No.
I just washed and dried these babies.
So I got a brand new hanky there to blow my nose in.
But I think it's something important, but it's not.
I believe I have an obligation to try to bring our party together, Klubbuchar,
saying that continuing to stay silent will be in the words of her 12-year-old daughter,
awkward mom, awkward bitch.
Clinton maintains a 243-212-12 advantage among super delegates,
800 to so elected if they did what we know of there.
But since Super Tuesday and February 5, Obama has added more than twice as many
to his several as she has, 165.
Since March 4, the trend has greater than 3-1 for Obama.
How do you like that?
And then it goes down about Michigan and Florida.
Your people in the media are crazy people.
What is wrong with you people?
Don't you understand?
Anybody with a half a brain who isn't just a show for a sweltery knows they agreed
that those votes weren't going to count.
The party said, hey, guess what?
If you run your primaries ahead of the updates that we told you,
if you try to run them early, we're not going to see your delegates period
and everybody said, oh, okay, we won't campaign in those states.
Only sweltery showed up in Florida, by the way.
And only sweltery and little Dennis Kussin's had their names on the ballot of Democrats in Michigan.
Everybody else pulled their names off to ballot, Edwards, Obama, etc.
And not sweltery, and now they're saying, oh, well, we want those delegates.
Those elections are supposed to count.
Right.
Now the Super delegates can do whatever they want.
That is correct.
That's why I don't under...
There's a lot of horse-dating system.
The so-called conventional wisdom is that they're not going to...
They're not going to roll against the will of the majority of the voters.
Yeah, okay.
Of the regular delegates, the popular vote and the delegate count.
That why even have them?
Why have...
Who the hell knows?
You're asking me?
I know.
To try to confuse the thing.
So that all these old trolls like Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale,
all these other political hacks, so that they can have a vote and deciding.
So that gives them another chance to, you know, say screw you voters.
We don't care what you voted for.
This is what we're going to do.
Because we're big shots.
And we know how to lose an election better than anybody else.
The biggest name is the best out of T.O.K.S. Neil Rogers.
The 5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
This is the Neil Rogers show.
This is what's going on.
What?
Any question?
I've been some trouble on the space and proof.
So while you're laughing, have this role as a truth.
Now I'm so sad they want me to be sad.
Tell it everyone's eyes.
Love for you, number nine.
I can't believe I'm such a handful of kids.
Yeah.
I used to say that the guy's leaning thick.
Yeah.
Now I'm a churn and might even do time.
My wife and daughter's no one.
I'm a churn and might even do time.
Love for you, number nine.
She came down to Washington to give me some kid.
I paid her all her cash and that shot her away.
And I would like to make my words causing a sin.
She got her clothes my pants for all.
I didn't think.
I didn't care if I was born or alive.
Now I just want to be cousin just for mine.
My career is gonna just want to live.
Cause everyone knows mine.
Love for you, number nine.
8-11-11-1560-WDQ-A-N.
April Fool's Day.
No fooling on issue, man.
We're serious as a heart attack.
We're not going to be farting around on issue.
Certainly no farts.
No way.
That's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that would be a good April Fool to come on and say.
We're going to play all the fart sounds all day today.
Hey, no fart sounds anymore.
Ain't no fart sound.
I can't even lower that.
Yeah.
Just a little.
No more, there's no more Carl Rowe.
What's that thing called?
No fart sounds?
Ain't no fart sounds I think?
No.
It's called no fart sounds, mister.
Ain't no fart sounds anymore.
Any mold.
D-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d.
Hey, that's it.
As far as much as we can play, because we've been, you know, we've been trained and cured
and horsewhiped and all that other crap.
It's just, it's just not what he used to be, that's the whole deal.
Just like a business.
The business sucks.
I was telling that to me yesterday, you know, this, this whole radio thing.
It's not what he used to be.
You know what I mean by that?
Oh yeah.
All the people with their iPods and with their, um, you know, you think I think I'm using
it coming out of their fingers.
They got music coming out of their ass!
Select them!
They got talk shows coming out of their, out of their armpits.
Yeah, we have to put, we're not allowed to play the music out of their ass anymore though.
Why not?
Because they're so old.
Oh, that's, I forgot about that.
Depending on what kind of music it is.
You know, yesterday I should have had this story, but I saved it,
but I didn't save it, but I didn't find it.
Until yesterday after the show, because they lied.
They, who, they lied like crazy about this crap about the Eraskelhuss closing April 7th.
Maybe that was an April Fulassort because they closed Sunday night.
Now, did Zach ever eat the Eraskelhuss?
Yeah, yes.
And?
I liked it.
Hey, have you ever eaten anywhere that you didn't like it?
Anywhere!
I don't like any seafood places.
I don't know.
That's because you don't like seafood, but I'm talking about any restaurant that you went to.
Have you ever eaten in a restaurant and you didn't like the food?
You probably don't know.
No, no.
No, see?
This is a guy.
All he cares about is food.
It's the making of his what it is, whether it's good, whether it's made with crawddy ingredients,
with tender love and care by the chef.
It just, you know, just put a bunch of crap in front of him and he loves it.
As long as there's a lot of crap, big portions.
Yeah, that's right, like that horrible place, like the Grand Lux Cafe.
I'm telling you, man, there appetizes the soup's good.
Everything else, fah!
As they say in Taipei, fah!
Anyway, how do you spell that?
F-E-H, exclamation point.
Or just, ok.
Well, a lot of facts is here.
This one's a, um, ad facts.
Platium.
The Platium Host you're next group of enter, we can bring the fun to you.
Platium.
What's every birthday party there?
What?
What's every next birthday party there?
Birthday party for who?
For me, I'm having a birthday party.
You mean for Taco Paco?
No, for you.
I don't have birthday parties.
When you get to be a dottering old fool, you don't, you don't have no birthday party.
Why not?
I didn't even get any balloons from the people there on my birthday.
Much less any kind of a party.
Maybe I couldn't pass customs.
Hold the schmaltz, it says.
This is in the hero.
Death of a deli.
Rascal house closing for good.
Hold the schmaltz.
I wonder what the goyum thought about that.
I just like the goyum who listen to this show.
What are all these jurors he's talking about?
They don't understand.
Too bad.
That's our revenge.
That's how we get even with all the goyum.
We use words that they don't understand.
What's he talking about?
It's cold, man.
It's like a private club.
Hold the schmaltz.
Another piece of northeast dates.
Fading history is slipping away.
That's a great line.
Andres Americana.
What kind of a fake name is that?
Andres Americana?
Is it an on-beer-liner?
Is it an on-beer-liner?
Is it an on-beer-liner?
What is that?
Come on, you fakers that they hear all there.
Nothing worse than a fake name.
They'll come.
Believe me, I know fake names.
For a cast of Rascal house regulars, the end will come Sunday night.
Which, now what was this written?
Oh, this was last Saturday over the weekend.
So we're not too far behind, right?
No.
Yeah.
No, yeah.
No.
Yeah, and the Hallowed Deleon city else beach closes its doors for good.
Go on, we'll be the red vinyl booths.
And once they're gone, they're gone.
They're gone.
The fabled corn bee sandwiches and stuffed cabbage, the cartoonish devil smiling
empirically above the tattered green awning.
I'm not saying that the food was bad.
It was okay.
It was edible.
I like the breakfast when they used to bring out a whole bunch of stuff for you before you even ordered.
The bread, the dessert, everything in the beginning was great.
I'm going to miss that.
You are such a hoser, man.
It's just unbelievable.
You really are.
I used to work at the strip club down the street from that.
I was a dancer at the strip club and I used to go there at 6 o'clock.
What club was that?
The dollhouse on Sonny House.
I used to go from there on Saturday night.
What is that?
What is the dollhouse or do you hear a noise?
No, what does that sound?
It's not coming from us.
That's you.
Where the hell is that coming from?
I can hear something, but it's not...
We're not sending anything to you.
It's something blowing up in here an hour or what.
Hold on a second.
Let me talk about the dollhouse, the dollhouse.
And I'm going to go step around the other side of this counter here and see where that's coming from.
Well, the dollhouse on Sonny Isles.
I used to go there after work, Chris, on Saturday night.
He used to work till about 7 a.m.
And then on Sunday morning at 7 a.m.
I thought I would get off in my black suit and my black shirt and my black shoes.
I'd go and sit and have a bagel at the rest of the house.
So you had to wear a suit.
I wore a black pants, a black suit jacket, a black t-shirt, black shoes, and slick back my hair.
I used to come in here Friday mornings to work Joe Rosa's show when he filled in for Ferrell and Ferrell.
Oh, nice to come in here.
White as a ghost from being at the strip club from 8 p.m. till 6.30 a.m.
Wow.
And then Joe's show would start at 8.
Now, isn't Sonny Isles kind of like a retirement old people kind of an area?
Yeah, sort of.
So what kind of a clientele were they getting?
Lots.
Lots of like, I mean, younger crowds.
Oh, there were some older regulars that would come in and would know everybody's name.
Lots of alter-cockers.
Yeah, lots of, but they knew everyone's name.
I'll tell you what that was.
What was that?
What do you call those things that they're like a power supply?
So when the power used battery backup?
A little like that.
So I unplugged it and I plugged it back in and it to stop with that.
You could hear it, couldn't you?
That was annoying as hell.
What the hell's going on here?
I must be another April Fool's joke.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, so anyway, were you working at this strip club?
What were you doing there?
I was a, I was the like, bouncer and the door guy.
I would check IDs and then I would walk the ladies at the end of the night to their cars.
So no weirdos would, uh,
I see.
Other than you.
I'd give her bounce any of those alter-cockers out of there.
I had to bounce a couple of the gentlemen out of the club for act gentlemen.
I called them gentlemen.
Some of them were not.
They acted up.
They would do something stupid inside the club and then I would escort them headfirst out of the door.
Really?
And we actually had a guy that worked there who was, his name was Mad Dog.
Which was him.
Well, there's so many Mad Dogs and Little Dogs and Big Dogs and Crazy Dogs and all of that.
But that was my spot after the Saturday night.
We'd work till about 6'30 in the morning.
And the dog would be angry puppy.
Yeah.
It's seven o'clock in the morning.
I'd go straight to the rascal house for about a minute.
You can't, you can't even keep a straight face when you hear that voice.
I can't hear.
You know how much I'm missing the machine here with the Howard David noises on it to the left of me?
I mean, the 360 is not there.
Is George ever going to bring it back or is he just going to keep it at home?
Maybe he should have home door though.
Let me see if the light ever came back on that thing that plugged in.
It's a good thing that we don't need that.
I hope so, yeah.
Hope it on the ground.
It's a copacetic boy.
Leave it to me, man.
I'm your own engineer.
Absolutely.
You do have to be when you work for this joint.
Oh, we don't want to pay the engineer to come there again.
Neil, you figure it out.
Right.
Just plug it back in.
I did.
I'm plugged in because I could hear it was coming from that thing there from the computer on the floor, whatever that, I don't know what that thing is.
It's the battery back up as all it is.
Well, it was beeping, baby.
Maybe there was a power glitch for a second or two, you think?
Maybe.
No.
Anyway, rising in its place to the Rascal House will be an epicure gourmet market which the restaurant's owners believe will better cater to the residents of the new Northeast Dade with the luxury hotels and canyons of high-rise condos.
I guess this is progress at 66 year old civil limestone who arrives to the bus from Miami Beach twice a week for breakfast.
That's the way life is, right?
They also bring in like the basket of rolls like the Danish and all the other good stuff at breakfast.
Yeah, they bring all that stuff for you in the morning.
You'd have that.
You'd have, I'd order a bagel and an orange juice and I'd walk out of there with two bags full of stuff.
Oh, you're the one.
Oh, I was that guy.
You're the kind of guy that puts all the delis out of business, steals all the bread and the silverware and the sweet and low.
Whatever was for free, I bagged up and left.
The last of the old school New York style deli specializing in hearty Jewish fear was built by Wolfie Cohen in 1954.
A seemingly eternal staple of Collins Avenue in 172nd Street, out living legendary delis like Poverniks, Wolfies and Corkeys and Carnegie deli, which wasn't around that long.
It's tried for decades.
Hungry diners lined up around a building, recalled Michael Shek, 69, an adventurer retiree who first visited the restaurant in 1956 when he was only 17 years old.
You couldn't get in, you had to wait, Shek said, I was told this was the busiest restaurant in the world.
You believe that?
It was always busy at 7 a.m. on Sunday mornings.
Lots of busy.
As he was in for good reason, it wasn't just the oversized portions, the known on-sense weightresses of the comforting ambiance like the framed poster of Jackie Gleason.
The fading black and white photos of the beach and wooden counter were the familiar faces gathered day after day, but most diners yearned for were the heaps of food.
See, that's why I went there to give big, gigantic portions enough for a small family, enough for a big family.
We're handed out with every meal, rules, pickles, muffins, and in past years coffee cakes and in a summer the pace is including five different types of Danishes.
I'm going to go on about this for hours.
I love it.
Why?
Because I'm going to miss that.
It was a state of mind.
The Rascal House was a state of mind.
I was in that state of mind.
You're always in that state of mind.
The best out of the world is the sport, 2560 QAM, the sports leader.
Wonderful WCM6560.
Is this on?
Hi, I'm Rose Folger, program director for Super Talk.
If you're wondering why you can't hear rickensuts anymore, well we decided to buy out the remainder of their contract in order to provide you with the best out of the world.
It's more of what we consider to be a million feats of radio programming and bringing radio to dizzying heights.
And I hope you'll join me in welcoming this latest addition to Super Talk.
Thank you.
It's the Skugans Good Jai Nower!
And here's your host, Joyce Kauffman.
Hello my darlings, and welcome to the Skugans Good Time Hour, where we will buy your calls with such wonderful gifts and prizes you'll fill with joy.
Like this lovely 1989 Mercury Marquis, and it's painted white, which of course everybody knows, that makes it cooler.
And when I come back, I'll be happy to tell you all about our free coupon giveaway for Dr. Shloining House of Animals.
Well, those were the days when the 1117 at 560 WQM Happy April Fool's Day.
No fooling around here today, man, we're serious as a heart attack.
And that's what you're going to have if you keep eating all that to Delhi, am I?
Well, let me recommend you very highly since you asked me where you should go to gamble.
Yeah.
Don't gamble with Pompano in the slots, but go there for a Myron's Delly.
Good stuff.
Great deal pickles, they got the real kosher deals, and the best cheese blisters I ever had in my life, or some of the best.
Very good.
Great pastrami, what's not until I buy myron's Delly since you like that kind of stuff.
I'm sure you can't go now.
Well, I can eat some things, they're not everything though.
Like what?
What can you eat on this thing you're on?
Basically, chicken, steak, I can eat everything, it's just the portions.
I can't go and have the normal portions I like to eat at restaurants.
I have to...
Like the family side.
Yeah, I can't do it for two portions, anyway.
Anyway, Michael Seckson's, I was told this was the busiest restaurant in the world, being in the Rascal House.
Busy it was, I want to go sound like I read that.
Busy is included celebrities like Clark Gable and Judy Garland.
And there's those sirens again, can you hear them?
Man, they're wild today.
We hear those?
BAH!
The restaurants were continued through the years, last January, for example.
Rudy Giuliani stopped by for a cup of coffee and some cereal as part of his unsuccessful presidential bid.
He didn't learn from Westlake Clark that going to the Delly doesn't get the job done.
That's what Rudy didn't get a lot of Delly, a lot of bad indigestion, and then he did a draft out.
In 1996, Wolfie co-ensold this restaurant to the Starkman family,
father Isaac and brothers Guy and Jason, which runs Jerry's famous Delly.
The LA-based company was looking to expand after Wayne Public, and the Rascal House was a good fit, Jason Starkman said.
Now, Jerry's famous Delly is that a local or is that the NLA?
I'm not really sure.
I think there's a Jerry's famous Delly at Atlantis in the Bahamas, in the hotel.
Wolfie created something really special here, Starkman, said we never brought this place with that intention, ever shut it down.
But things are different now.
A combination of changing demographics of the area, younger residents, more South American and European tourists, who look at Delly and they go, fat!
And an upscale development boom in the city in neighboring Avenue, sure, started to cut down on demand.
Price is climbed and the baskets of free baked goods got more meager, said Mika Goldstein, 45, the youngest face among the breakfast crowd.
Man, oh man, remember Goldstein? I wonder if he's akin to a...
Goldie Goldstein, Mika Goldstein.
A children's entertainer from Miami Beach, Norma, Dother, Hubbard, Choices, Ziggy. That's when you knew the end was coming.
What does that mean?
In late 2006, the Starkmans revealed a plan to turn the restaurant into a 15-story tower that would include an epicure market, an office space in condos, since then the housing markets slowed down and sourced and described everything but the epicure.
Condos are still a possibility down the road.
Down the road with a heavy load, that's what I've been told.
The restaurant will be gutted, but the epicure will keep the original kitchen and feed the beloved recipes.
It will also retain 35 of the restaurant's 100 employees who were offered the opportunity to stay with the epicure or relocate to Jerry's famous deli in Miami Beach. There's the answer for you.
You haven't been to Jerry's famous deli in the beach?
I actually think I was, I'm not sure.
I think it's down on South Beach. It's good. It's a very popular deli slash restaurant down there in South Beach.
I feel like I'm doing a commercial for them.
Yeah. Go ahead. Go right ahead.
No, what I'm doing right now is you work with Mr. Live's spot through a live spot.
I'm staring at the Rascal House menu.
Where do you get that?
I saw it online.
We went online together. I thought maybe somebody brought one in like a souvenir.
No way. I'm staring at it and looking at all the things I used to love to eat.
Which is the most of the Rascal House decor will go to the city of Senegal's beach, which is taken to preserving the vestiges of its old identity.
Some special requests will be honored like the group of longtime diners who I start to ming to carve out their corner booth.
Countless groups of friends have met at the restaurant through the years.
Check for example regularly eats with Norman Lippoff 71 of coconut grove and Kenny Schwartz 81 of Hollywood.
Oy!
On a more sirens van, they're going ape schmit.
You hear it?
Oh yeah.
They ride their bicycles and meet at 9.30am sharp.
Lippoff loves the locks, eggs, and onion. Schwartz, six to the oatmeal.
Check says he's got a weakness for the cheesecake.
It's not going to be easy to replace this, Hidlippoff was beneath the restaurant for more than 30.
Count them more than 30 years.
Since 1954 the restaurant estimates it sold about 60 million meals.
Zack didn't have all of them by the way, including 12 million cornbeaf sandwiches and 6.7 million pieces of stuffed cabbage.
I do like stuffed cabbage if it's good.
If it's bad, fah!
Prices have kept up more than kept up at the times in 1973.
Cornbeaf sandwich was at buck 95 today, it cost 14.75 even so the restaurant barely breaks even stirkemen's set.
14.75 for cornbeaf sandwich, how do you like that?
I better come with a small TV with it.
Garing day man, they're not going to give you any change to go gamble plung your guts out of the casino.
Forget it.
The new Epicure will be ready by early September's darkmen set, parking spots that have turned over converted into a patio for after eating with 40 tables.
The 25,000 square foot interior man, Coda Small Cafe or breakfast spot sporting the rascal house name, but certainly not a full-scale restaurant.
The company also owns the Wolfies and Poverty brands and may one day reopen one of those delisies said,
wouldn't that be something? I'd come down for that.
Not. You know you would.
I'd come down the steel of silver. I'm old enough to do that.
Now I'm going to steal all the sweet and low and the silverware and the baskets and the Tisca de Taskit.
They get arrested by the Army Police.
Good. The property itself will go through a pause, but the heart will still keep beating, Starkman said.
Many lives will be changed by the closing of the Perrecht none as much as Lorraine Willows.
Willow 53 is a white haired, tough as nails waitress, who has served at the restaurant for 22 years.
There's a picture of her with this store in a heral.
With tears in her eyes. She was wiping away tears.
Oh! She met her husband at the rascal house.
She's memorized everybody's name and preferences.
George Melna, I wonder if she knows the governor's preferences.
George Melna, she said, is not supposed to eat eggs, but he tries to order them every now and then.
She knows which of her customers will come on Monday morning, stay home and cook for themselves.
But after how she feels about the restaurant closing and the regular is moving on and she's able to laws,
her eyes well up with tears as she covers her face and walks away.
Then she's back, composed and has an answer.
They'll still remember me and that's what counts, she said.
Isn't that great? They're still going to remember her.
Oh yeah.
Lorraine.
Well, good luck to you Lorraine.
I just, I don't understand it.
I've never been able to understand like the forage.
There are places that are a state of mind.
The forage with those microwave potatoes.
Oh my god.
But nevertheless, you know, if you know the right people, if they look like the other place that I've never been able to understand,
I've never eaten there.
Is the lobster place there, what the hell is it on the beach?
Joe Stonecrabbs.
I said lobster.
Well, it's a crabby place.
That's a good poll question, whether they're eating a crabby place or a crabby place, where they help us crabby.
It depends on the portions.
That's one of the reasons that a lot of these delis went out of business because, and I always used to say it's like a chicken in the end thing,
which came first with the people that worked there, sour and hostile and nasty.
First, or did they become that way because of the clientele that created the hostility?
I'm sure it was the clientele.
Nobody starts out that hostile and, ah, what do you want?
What do you want?
I'm getting out of here.
I got to get out of here.
That was a Wolfie's regular, man.
You see the waitress tear off the apron, keep it back in the counter and run out the door.
I saw that twice over the years.
Maybe it was a million years.
What?
Maybe it was you.
No, they weren't waiting on me.
Okay, schmuck.
Puts.
26 packs of love that had fined 60 WQM meals, hand-fried, and that's the wrong spot.
Is it?
Oh, the wrong spot.
I'm doing the meals, hand-fried, deal.
Something to keep in mind, though, for Thursday, lose seals.
And I'm sure that Zach will come, even though he's not working.
Oh, yeah, you are.
That's right.
Like I said, I'm going to ask for it.
That's probably why you set that up that way.
Of course, though, Hillstick is nose in there.
He's another real snore.
I'm going to lock the door.
Let me tell you right now about a company I've used in my house for years and years alternative
termite management or for short ATM.
They're services special because they can treat your home without tents.
Soon I have to vacate and embarrass yourself in front of the whole neighborhood.
Therefore, most in termite specialists and provide the latest proven, least toxic methods available for termite and pest control.
In fact, ATM is just received the emerald award for Broward given the environmentally sound bonuses that help protect the environment.
Call Stephen Pays of alternative termite management at 1-800-240-2653 and have no free inspection for you.
They'll do the job and do it right.
I guarantee you that.
They also specialize in multi-units and condos.
ATM's methods control and prevent reinvestations naturally.
Call alternative termite management for proven, safe cost-effective and hassle-free termite control.
I guarantee you just like me you'll be happy you made the call.
1-800-240-2653.
That's alternative termite management 1-800-240-2653 or online just go to termite companies.com.
The best talent you've ever done, Rajesh.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The sports leader.
The fiveBAGAATF did their duty.
Let's keep this kesel versus the i team pow">
Like, CD and water Kick and water jump.
me it says, hey, Neil, even the New York Times had an article on a
Rascal House this morning. How do you like that? You don't think it's because
there's 3 million Jews in New York that they have an article on a Rascal House, do you?
No.
Of course not.
A deli destination now, a pastranny-centered memory is the headline by
Damon Damien Cave.
Sunny Al's Beach Florida, Elaine Rothman could hardly believe her eyes to
construct some workers tearing up. Oh, tearing up, I see. They were tearing and
never tearing. Turing up on a Rascal House's old red booths. The kids and
their favorite deli being drilled to pieces. It was almost too much for a
nuts here and lady in a hot pink t-shirt to take.
People used to come here and have vacations and eat, Mrs. Rothman said, staring at
a fresh set of condominium towers across Collins Avenue and 170
Seconds Street. Now it's all big money, honey. You know what I'm talking about?
Jason Starkman knew he and his family were the culprits. The Rascal, some I'd
say, with a sight of that after 54 years, Rascal House had to close.
And like a patient rabbi, he'd listen to Mrs. Rothman quietly nodding, smiling
for many of their complaints. After owning the restaurant for 11 years, he knew
that all the kibbutzing was just a form of saying goodbye. Goodbye!
We love it ourselves. He said we went it until the last possible moment. As it turns
out, Mrs. Rothman's assessment was just about right. The area where Wolfie
Cone opened Rascal House and said the long gone deli restaurants is indeed a world
away from its past. Rascal House's reliable customer base, made up mainly of
Jewish New Yorkers, who came here for the winter, has been shrinking for decades.
Here I am in Miami Beach a few miles south roughly two-thirds of the resident
speak a language other than English at home, according to the two thousand
census, and the younger newcomers, often from South America and Europe, have
proved far less interested in items like pastrami or potato pancakes, lockers
as we call them in type bed. How do you like that? See just like the original
famous on the South Beach. Same thing. Oh now it's a Cuban deli, it's a Cuban
nail like that. You know what I'm saying? What do you say? When you think the
Cubans would like deli if they had any good taste, come on now, all of you
Julios. Now what would you rather have a maybe no tea or a nice pastrami or corn
beef sandwich? Potato pancake. Yeah, potato lock is right.
With some applesauce. For sour cream. Stir when you're shrinking
economy and you have what Mr. Starkeling calls a need for newer stuff. He said
he plans to open a second branch of Epicure, a gourmet market we know that. By
September. Mrs. Rothman seems unimpressed. Epicure, I love the food. Don't get me wrong.
She said, but this place you can't replace it. Oh, you've been. On Sunday night, the
final corn beef rolled out of the Rascal House kitchen. The last supper of some
patrons called it, brought a burst of lines and long waits, reminiscent of the
restaurant's heyday. Yeah, when you're still online, then they used to bring you
out the bill pickles while you're waiting online. I never really stand on
them. I was always there too early. Monday felt more like a funeral it says. Mrs.
Rothman was one of dozens of stuff I'd stare in the windows to a cup tans or buy
some small piece of the restaurant they loved. The emolition had begun. The city
had selected a booth in decorations to keep from posterity. Half a dozen workers
moved furniture, cups were equipment and discussed who would get the TVs. The red
twenty five bucks each. See we could have had a real menu, not just online for
twenty five bucks. Chris could afford that. Oh, yeah, baby. Platters once
full of food cost five bucks. Empty platters. Remember the platters with Tony
Williams? Oh, yeah. The restaurants, more famous items were priced like
antique, said large-footward Jackie Gleason, young, arms wide, smiling on
9-me-beach, it cost twenty five hundred bucks according to the tag. The restaurant's
interior signs with the Rascal logo ran too high for Mrs. Rothman's budget at five
grand a piece. She said she hoped to pay five hundred bucks. You should live
so long, honey. Ken Joy, seventy a law professor and buffalo who always ordered
the corn beef, said he was deciding whether to buy a board with a Damon-Rungian
quotation. As I see it, there are two kinds of people in this world, people who
love delis and people you shouldn't associate with. It was two hundred and fifty
bucks even though the ift had fallen off. Oh, watch it when the ift hits the fan,
baby. This was the place that as soon as we go off for playing with Comey or
Mr. Joy, said I probably ate here three times in the last four days. His face was
sunburn. He was carrying a black and white plastic sign for parties of two,
harking back to a time when waits for a table could last hours. At fifty bucks he
figured it was a good deal. Such a deal! His life read is seventy one and already
bought a few pictures and several platters. She said it would give many that
items that are sold or rather well-dosed. That seemed to be the trend. Those who
came back on Monday seemed to be searching for more than Nicknecks. Many were buying
for relatives, parts of fond-rass-class memories, long dinners, countless cups of
coffee, the buzz of a restaurant that smells awake and alive at sunup. Mrs.
Rothman was buying for her brother-in-law, which he whined-stine, remembered
happily waiting more than an hour for her party at ten relatives to be seated.
Mrs. Joy said there were too many memories to count. To me it's saying goodbye to
my parents and my uncles' generation. She said they're the ones who brought us
here. On Monday there seemed to be no going back. Mr. Starkman said he would
recreate some rice-clawed items at the gourmet market, but that the local palate
had to move on. They had moved on. Whatever that means. Move on.org. Indeed a
one-point of man in a flower-chirred as Mr. Starkman is a simple question. So if
there any place to get something to eat around here, Mr. Starkman smiled and asked,
you like Peruvian food? Chmendrick? You like Peruvian food? What is that? What is
that? I can't answer that question, either. It's surprising, but I can't answer.
I didn't even know that there was such a thing. Obviously every country's got its local
cuisine, but Peruvian food would be different from Peruvian food or like
Guatemalan or a Nicaragua or like that. I guess they have some of their own
specific delicacies. Yeah, right. Like Lima beans. There's swallery. She's
stumping in Philadelphia. Look, I know there'll be hurdles and setbacks between
now and November. Yeah, yeah. Give up the ghost on me. It's all over. Get the
message already. A little slow on the uptake. And tell your husband we used to
like him a lot. Used to. 770 votes on the survey. The best days of my six life are.
We've got to get over 800 by the top of the art. It's not going to happen. You're
not going to make your thousand. I'm telling you right now it's not going to
happen. And my right Chris it's not going to happen unless we get well over 800 by
the top of the art, which means we're going to do it. 30 votes in 21 minutes. You
should live so long you're going to do it. We're going to do it. There's a better
chance of the rest of us reopening and I'm catering a special meal for you
guys than there is of us getting a thousand votes on the survey. It's not even a
poll. It's just a freaking survey. I'll do it to here. What? The coming
tomorrow. Yeah, right. Zach better not be hopping up a lot of
Hazaraya on Thursday. Let me tell you right now. You better stick to your thing.
Oh, I won't. Don't worry. Maybe that guy will bring you the guy from the
other day. The balance for life. I'll bring in some more bovaganoush. The best
days of my my six life are in the past 431. You better believe that. Unless there's
a big surprise waiting or even like a medium size surprise that'd be good. In the
future, hopefully 187 in the present like right this minute and it's great
121 and I'm a sexual 31. In other words, forget about it.
Biggest name. The best town.
Okay.
There's no projects. 435, 60 QAM. The sports leader.
Have you ever heard or a liver?
I'll lie over it with that. That because it's funny. It makes it sound like we
do the show in front of a live audience like funny and it's like real like
join Reynolds like stuff.
Well, I didn't find them yet.
Everybody's out sick today. Today. I'm nearly sick. He's not sick. He's a Toronto.
Toronto. Yeah. That's sick.
You mentioned we go. God.
One time for my log.
Oh man, I'm not those. You guys have a little bit of worn downbeat.
I just sad. It has a little bit better.
Better. What are you sad about?
We know a rap line tires show around the heat. I mean, it's basically something.
Oh, I got to let the talk about it a little bit of this death stuff.
Deaths. Well, if it makes you feel any better,
heat-spilled sideways is paid.
And I tell you something.
Something. Why?
I don't even like basketball.
Basketball.
Is that a monster?
If you like that, you'll hear lots of moa that between two and four this afternoon.
Unless they're making the change already that exact keeps the room working around the building.
What room is that?
The room where about the new two to four hosts, however that might be.
Oh, when you must have some scuttle, but you will keep your ear to the grindstone.
I try not to.
Yeah, you do. Come on. Let's hear it.
I got nothing for you.
You and your aim was out there.
Joe was out today.
Yeah.
It's Joe was out today.
Well, that's unusual.
Authorities in Tampa are working to keep traffic moving as dozens of truckers lined up to protest.
The rising cost of fuel.
Thanks a lot, Mr. President, for those little gas prices.
And for that great American door and for the sull economy.
And for the depression and all the dead people and all the abushered soldiers.
Police said they're working to keep traffic moving near the port of Tampa,
where the big rigs are gathered.
It's all happening along 22nd Street through the Causeway at McCabe.
Overgathered the boughs of 250 due point,
how they liwia.
Happy days are here again.
Where's Herbert Heaver when we need him?
Bad.
Who?
Herbert Hoover.
These little prices are entering four bucks a gallon,
which is putting the squeeze on truck drivers.
They said they're fed up on Monday and planned to fight back.
Independent trucker, Rui Olivera said he's worried about the high price of diesel,
that it may run him out of binus.
If it goes up another 50 cents a gallon, I'll have to park.
I'll have no choice.
He said, I don't work for free.
I'll go find a janitorial job for a little bit.
He'll go scrub toilets before paying that kind of price to drive.
After 11 years behind the wheel, it's the first time he's considered stopping.
If there's a strike, I'll have to honor it.
Obviously, he said, if we don't stick together,
it's getting harder and harder, he said.
Diesel prices are hovering around four bucks a gallon,
forcing truckers to spend 600 to 700 dollars and more to fill up one tank.
How do you like that?
Not good.
It's hurting a lot of companies.
People are struggling.
You hear them talking down the radio.
Not just trucking everybody's feeding the pinch trucker Wayne Calvert said,
thank you, Mr. President, for those low gas prices.
You bastard, you butcher, you murderer, you lunatic.
Most men in the driver said they believe the strike will happen.
It has to.
The guy's the owner of operators.
I know they can't afford to keep running like this.
It's killing when Calvert said.
Others like 35-year veteran Gary Berks disagree.
Since the one in the early 70s until now,
every time they threatened to show down the number works he said.
The strike was decided to begin a midnight Monday run through April 5.
Truckers promised it would make an impact.
As part of the plane protests, truckers said they planned to either park their rigs.
Go 45 miles an hour on highways.
Their post protests signs on their trucks.
There are no reports of traffic trouble spots around Orlando this morning so far.
But you never know.
Yeah, that really does it when you have those convoys and they slow down like 40 miles an hour on a highway.
This is what everybody else is up.
Well, I take it out on the rest of the people and waste it so they can waste more of their gas.
While they're sitting there all lined up, getting all burned up and pissed off.
What's the point of that?
Taking it out on poor Joe Schmuck out there, right?
Exactly.
Well, that's going to change something.
Like a bushing in Saudi buddies are going to all of a sudden say,
oh, we'll drop it to 375.
Is that any better?
Can you give it up to 50?
Yeah, 50 bucks are a gallon.
That's what's coming.
Thank you so much, Mr. President.
Hey, you lunatic.
Let's take a look and see how that dollar is doing.
Luckily for me, oh, look at that oil.
What a bargain. Only 101.19.
101.21 cent.
All right.
101 bucks a barrel, baby.
Let's go out and roll out the barrel.
The loony though is 97.39.
It's under a buck.
Thank you for that.
The euro is 156.1100.
It's 1000s, whatever it is.
Well, I'm going to tell you, man,
it's something that is a real stench coming from that white house.
A real smell.
Bad.
So you're not going to tell us about the two-to-four slot, huh?
Maybe, maybe Zack's working out for that for himself.
Shhh.
Sure.
It's a rumor I'm hearing.
That's what I'm starting.
It's April Fool's Day, baby.
Oh, then I guess I'm getting to show up.
It's April Fool's Day.
Zack and Mark Eisenberg are going to be on two-to-four every day.
I'm going to our day with the producer.
Yeah, and Moke and book you some stiff guests like Jimmy's Johnson.
I love that.
So what other guests did you book that he pissed off?
We just had a lot of guests that were one in dunes.
That would come on once and the next time they...
They wouldn't call me back.
Well, what was the reason for that?
Is if I have to ask.
I think you answered that yourself.
They didn't like Moe.
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
They didn't like Moe.
They wanted to be on No Moe with Moe.
Is that what you're trying to tell me?
It's possible.
Well, what do you do?
Or their phones were disconnected?
For change their...
What they do and the passion that they have for their teens
is different from every place else.
And mostly it's because most Toronto sports fans
have never set foot outside of Toronto.
Otherwise, they realize that sports fans everywhere
are just above exactly the same.
Other than the say that the ones that come to the stadium
obviously have way more money than they probably should have.
Well, there you go.
That's Bob McConn.
I told you yesterday he's a great broadcaster.
One of the few people I put in that category
because this business has gone into toilet.
For years and years it's beginning worse and worse and worse.
And a few companies bought out of every damn station
and they put out a much acidicated garbage.
That's why you people want to be kissing the radio
that I'm on here right now.
I'm 150 years old and I'm still plugging away.
I'm still making sounds with my mouth.
That's right.
Kiss it.
My bubble would say kiss it.
And in my case, if you can find it, kiss it.
Well, we're approaching the 800 mark on that pool.
But you know something I'm real leery
about your thousand day Chris.
I think we're going to do it real.
Real tourists.
We need 1.6 a minute.
That's fine.
We need what?
1.6 a minute.
796 votes on the survey.
It's not even a pool.
It's a survey for Christ's.
Where is everybody?
They must be listening to all those new sports stations.
They're on the spring break.
What?
They're out on spring break.
Is that in our audience?
Is on spring break?
You should live so long.
Well, this is running around for this.
This is in mourning at the Rascal House.
No, they're running around with their kids on spring break.
They're on Sonny Al's beach.
I'm letting your side candles for the Rascal House.
Oh, I like that.
What are we going to do now?
It's all.
796.
It's still sitting there.
I was hoping we get the 800 least by the top of the hour.
I think it's Eric holding it.
And Eric's got his foot on it breaking in.
Give us a break, Eric.
You know, there's something that you don't know.
No, maybe you do know, because you know something about computers.
Okay.
Eric can make the vote whatever he wants.
That is correct.
He can he can do the little with it.
He can make it say like 10 million votes.
So that I guarantee we'll get a thousand by the end of the day.
Yeah.
Now don't do that.
We don't want to cheat.
Well, we'll see.
We'll see how it goes.
If we have to cheat, we will.
I'll just turn to that right now.
Now, how would you feel if you walked up to the computer
on five in the afternoon to switch the poll?
I know, like 9 million votes.
I'd feel like I've been April Fool's Day.
Maybe he's going to do it.
700, 800.
We did make the 800.
Unless he's old one.
Oh, right.
The best days of my sex life are in the past 444.
In the future, hopefully 154.
In the present, as in right this minute, it's great.
130.
I'm screwing my brains out.
And or I'm a sexual 32.
That's what we got.
I don't think that would be fun.
April Fool's Day.
I think we could screw around with that.
Nobody's going to get all bent out of shape.
Because we're not taking any calls.
If we took calls, I'm sure that number is going to all need.
Oh, Neil, now you're not just sending it in,
but now you're dealing with the numbers.
And Eric is fixing the number and making it up in your lion over here.
We're lion over here.
Never.
And of course, being in radio business
that's our specialty do's you're every day.
Mushroom Barley Soup, man.
I do like that a lot.
Now they had that at, um,
Myron's Deli in the Pompano Park there in a casino.
They have Mushroom Barley Soup.
And of course, Motsubal Soup.
Oh, yeah.
And then we got...
What?
I like Motsubal better than Mushroom Barley.
Mushroom Barley is my favorite soup in the world.
Nothing better than Motsubal Soup.
Wrong.
Wrong.
When you know about soup, Mr.
and didn't you tell me the thing you're not a soup eater?
Or was that Chris?
No, I said I have to, but it's not something I go out of my way for.
That's like ice cream.
Yeah, exactly.
Ooh.
And we just got through playing that spot with Zach and his diet.
Yeah, you haven't had a dish.
I haven't had a dish.
I haven't had a dish.
Don't be blame in me and say,
Oh, they're damn Rogers.
That fat fart.
He's the one that you know,
talking me into it.
I'm not talking to you in anything.
I also use mentioning food categories and right away you're like,
Oh, like a like a child.
I'm like I'm a kid in a candy store.
Candy.
Like a kid in a good dime, a chocolate shop.
Ooh, good dime.
So you don't like Mushroom Barley?
No, I'm not.
If I had the toilet.
I will say this, my friend Dave had the Motsubal.
It looked much better.
The Mushroom Barley, the Barley was like a little crunchy.
I don't know.
So you can't mess up a Motsubal.
You know, as long as you have someone there who knows what they're doing.
806 on a fool.
I think we're going to do it.
We're going to do 850.
I don't know what we're going to do.
And who the hell cares anyway.
Speaking of food, meals, half price deals are the head of the town.
Every week we have another offer for happy near Rogers listeners.
And most weeks, they're for restaurants that are still in business.
Not every week, but most of the week.
Now you didn't hear about that, didn't you?
I did not know.
Oh, well, Crystal said you off the air.
That was fun.
Starting, yeah, oh yeah, that was hysterical.
A real panic.
Starting Thursday, you can buy 50 dollars
for certificates for 25 bucks to Lucille's American Cafe in Weston.
Lucille's is a 1940 style upscale banner that captures the lunch and
that feel of that era.
It's all about homemade food, huge portions even big enough for
Zach and family-friendly prices.
Many items include a 12-ounce set of cut New York strip, pulled pork platter,
barbecue baby-back ribs, and marinated or Texas style chicken breasts.
Plus, they've got phenomenal desserts like homemade bread pudding and
their famous base split, banana split, big enough to share,
but good enough to eat all by yourself.
Zach.
Lucille's American Cafe, 2250 Weston Road, called 954-384-9007.
And now thanks to Fat and the Audio, you'll be able to buy 50 dollars
certificates and half price.
Just 25 bucks to store up.
And this Thursday noon on WQAM, but like we always tell you,
be prepared to whack fast because once those certificates are gone,
they're just gone.
What's your biggest name?
The best out.
This is Neil Rogers, 435-560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
This dick chanie.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdal and massage my balls while listening to the
Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Beep-ee-ee.
Hi!
My weight is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
My waist is...
My waist is...
My waist is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
My weight is...
My 
I'm gonna jump to the class and I'm gonna float..
If it's cooked then it's done.
It's done.
Went and ran and then my entire body is doing it again!!!
Rment how I could move your tummy and knee into the sole!!
Just stay.
Stay all righty!!
Beautiful job!
You've a job to break proper bed!!!
Now I'm just starting to care about my suffering.
Enough hyperspace to ignore all of this stuff!
I always tell you what you did later.
Okay, it's 12-mill, man.
Little hand just hit the big hand.
12-mill and 5-60 WQM.
Happy Tuesday to you.
We've even got some people alive there in Sonny, I was hiding like that.
Sitting on the corner, just barely.
800 in Trovis, what you got?
Told her.
Told me what?
Now we hit the 800?
Okay, now you're faxing me something, or is this another ad-fax?
No, I fax it to you, it should have been an ad-fax.
Let me take a look. Oh, it's from you.
Can you add this to the pool?
My sex life went bi-bi when I said, I do.
They said, I do, and now they don't.
Is what they're trying to say.
There's Barack.
Unable to compete in our international economy.
He's talking about swillery again.
Unable to compete.
That's her.
Can you add to the pool when bi-bi when I said, I do.
You want to add, you got to way-put that on there?
Yeah, I'll figure it out.
Figure it out.
The trickle of democratic super delegates declaring for Barack Obama is turning into more of a gusher.
If we got a sound for that, a gusher, I bet we do.
But it sounds like, we'll hit it by a 360 we did.
We don't need the 360, okay, Mr. Hockshot?
How do you do when it's taken a teethe shot at George and by the way, keep it up?
The trickle of democratic super delegates declaring for Barack Obama is turning into more of a gusher, fast-closing Hillary Clinton's one-one-one-s lead in the nomination race.
What does that mean?
And ratcheting up pressure I heard to defender Candicey, this is from the nation, this is Katrina Vandenhoovell, okay?
This is supposed to make sense.
But it doesn't.
Senator Amy Clover-Chervin, a soda announcer, is supporting this morning.
The Wall Street Journal reported today that all seven Democratic U.S. House members from North Carolina plan to come out for Obama in one fell swoop before that state's maize-ex primary.
The Democratic Party has blessed this year with two candidates with many excellent leadership qualities, and I believe each of them would be a strong president.
I'm endorsing Barack Obama today because he's inspired an enthusiasm and idealism that we haven't seen in this country in a long time, Clover-Chervin said in the statement issued by the Obama campaign.
I'm endorsing Barack because he's a new kind of leader, speaking with a different voice bringing a new perspective and inspiring a real excitement from the American people, she said.
He is able to dissolve the hard cynical age that's dominated our politics under the Bush administration.
I believe Barack can unify the American people to address the main challenges facing our nation, she be saying.
She's the 64th super delegate to endorse Obama since Super Tuesday on February 5th.
Obama, boasting more than a 6-to-1 age in super delegate endorsement since Super Tuesday, is quickly catching up to a clue in that count.
He already leads an overall delegate's in popular vote, hitting it in the next contest April 22, Pennsylvania.
The 795 super delegates, elected officials, party leaders and others, are elected in the South of the nominee because neither Clint Noriboma, pure elected reached the clinching number just from the delegates awarded by primaries and caucuses.
Clinton, who along with Obama's campaign in Pennsylvania today, is for several times over the weekend, she's got no plans to drop out and may indeed take the fight all the way to the National Convention in late August.
And that's because she's a hard-ass, you know, like George, a hard-ass.
She's going to stay in there no matter what, none of us, she won't get the message, you know what I mean?
Now is the only way she can basically get the nomination as if like, who drops out?
If what? Is it rack drops out? What do you mean drop out? Why would he drop out?
That's what I'm saying. It's basically her only way to get it.
There's as much chance of Hillary Clinton getting the nomination as there is a Vorfikoan coming back from the dead and serving you guys lunch in 15 minutes.
All right.
Yeah.
Now what do you say?
I'll take multiple soup.
And a big, you know what I would like? A big Ruben sandwich.
Ruben, Ruben, I've been thinking that your terms in office were really stinking.
That's Ruben Asquie, remember him in the former governor Ruben Asquie?
Number Yahoo.
Why do we always have to have Yahoo's? Although now we got gay.
Yeah, governor.
Who is that Martinez that I used to call him Dracula? What that was his name?
Mel?
No, not Mel, that's your senator. You better learn your governor's, Mr. Physician.
You have to self-own all this.
God.
Buck Martinez, I don't know what his name was.
Who?
Buck.
You.
Another right-winger.
Another A-hole.
And of course your fat ass governor Jeb, the Jebster.
So what do you think of that Marling game last night?
Did you go there? Did you watch it? Did you pay any attention?
We're 38,000, so it's said for opening day.
I heard that. I don't even know they got Pete 7 or 2.
He's raxing so enthusiastic on Waxley.
But oh, it was so opening day in the sun and the, oh, get out of here.
You phony faker.
How are you doing to suck it up to David Sampson?
That's all because you guys got stuck when it was Marling games.
Good luck to you with that, by the way.
You think you got bad numbers now, just wait.
And what do we hear about them, by the way, since Zach won't tell us anything about our 2-4 hour?
What do we hear about across the street? Anything?
The only news I've ever been, in fact, Bukesja is leaving because he's not going to do the Braze games.
That's the only news I've heard lately.
And now you'll have a K-we're Kevin Rogers is going on against us.
10-2 Rogers versus Rogers.
Yes.
Yeah, that's basically what I've heard.
Are you sure aren't loaded with good material?
We got to remember now that I left that building and my fiance still isn't that building.
So they don't say anything around her because they know that she'll say,
obviously me.
So yeah.
So now the news is quietly trickle down to nothing when it comes there.
All the good gossip is now said in the corner of the room and said it in front of her now.
So thanks for her.
This thing you just facts me, this is shocking, shocking radio news.
Here's a sirens, that's because of the news.
I think.
Wow.
Shocking news.
Everybody scratch yourself in baby.
We've had some big news.
I came here a few days from say 400 years ago.
There's big news tonight.
Who'd say good news?
Who'd say good news?
WWRL 1600 AM.
Fagship of the Progressive Radio Network Air America for the last 18 months.
Drop the flag the half mast yesterday by bumping three Air America programs,
including Midday Host Lionel and Tom Hartman.
WWRL replaced Lionel's nine-aimed anew show with two health infomercials and former host
Ron Daniel's 11-aimed anew, two health infomercials.
It replaced Hartman's new and the three PM show with Ed Schultz,
the country's highest rated liberal talker.
Oh my God.
This isn't the New York Daily News.
WWRL also put the revenue now Shreptons Daily show into its 8 p.m. slot,
bumping Air America's clout to an overnight spot.
Shreptons will be heard on tape delay.
Lionel and Hartman are still heard on Air America's national network,
which an informed source inside Air America said to the yesterday,
remains very much alive.
They hit him with five shots and they're still alive.
The network has had ratings problems in New York,
some of which have been attributed to WWRL's dial position,
4,500 on the AM dial and spotty signal,
and the station itself has shown some ambivalence about Air America.
It's continued to carry its own morning show,
which now features Cos Carson.
Why?
COZ.
How do you say that?
Cos? Cos? Cos? Cos? Cos? Cos?
You remember Bob Coosie?
Can't speak a word.
He's a blockcaster now, Bob Coosie.
Can't speak. He's a blockcaster.
Air America's original revenue with WWRL expired yesterday
said the Air America source, which freed the station
to drop some programs, it will continue to carry Randy Rhodes
through the 6 p.m. and Rachel Maddow,
6 to 8 p.m. as well as several weekends shows.
The fear America source said this reduced schedule
has sent the network looking for another New York station
that could be more of a full,
fag-shift station.
Meanwhile, the source said a more limited agreement
will keep some scare America programs where they are.
WWRL wasn't commenting on anything yesterday,
but replacing two hours of line-on show with health
and commercials is largely a financial move
designed to bring in some cash they said.
WWRL's move will inevitably trigger more speculation
about the future of scare America,
the network got another new owner last month
when Charlie Creek...what a character!
Lot of controlling interest from New York developers
Stephen L. Green.
But the source inside of America said the network is holding its own
with affiliates, noting that Hartman added four stations
yesterday including Miami.
AAAAHHHHHHH!
Oh my god!
Including Miami, what time is he on?
Tom Hartman?
Oh no.
No, noon to three.
Oh my god!
Oh, competition.
Well, we're in big trouble now, yeah.
We got the Kevin Rogers and we got Tom Hartman
and we got Mary Hartman.
Soberts also.
What?
Soberts are packing up.
Now I'm packing it now.
The source is also said that it will launch a vastly expanded
website next week noting that an increasing number
listeners get their radio on the internet.
Fans of Lionel has been on New York radio for years and
used to be in Tampa and was a Bob Lasseter protg
and caller.
Voice particular frustration is data is a disappearance.
The shift gives a bigger platform to sharpen
and also the shoulder to his popular around the country
and then previously had an outlet in New York.
Well, there you go.
The business continues to suck watermelons.
How do you like that?
It blows.
It's once entertaining business where we had like real people
living and breathing people where they cared about the talent
and not just about the putting infomercials and crap on
here.
Once upon a time, baby, it was worth owning a radio.
Now I wouldn't wipe my ass with it.
What are you doing that radio kid?
I'm wiping my ass with it.
Well, good choice.
I wish I would have had one if they held in the last Saturday.
So how did that come out?
I'm not going to get into that with you.
How did your pants come out?
They came out and I have a warning here but they looked just fine.
They got the spring back in the wife's neck.
I don't know.
Spring is strong.
Spring is strong.
Let me check what the temperature is here right now.
We got a heat wave going on.
Wow.
Unbelievable.
It is 13.56 degrees and going to add a sun shine
and two at stop raining.
We had a two day rain but now it's going to be all the way up to 58 today.
How do you like that?
Lies with a low in the 20s, by the way.
Don't get too carried away.
Neil, okay.
One day spring is better than nothing.
And thanks again for the nice weather when I was down there.
It was beautiful.
We had a great weekend.
We were always had by all.
Hard rock is awesome.
I mean, it's not as glitzy as the Pompato.
Because the one in Pompato is brand new and I'm sure the Gulf Stream one is really really glitzy.
Because it's also brand new.
How's that thing?
How did I want it to have it built yet?
Wonderful.
And Marty grow.
Well, Zach doesn't go to these places.
He just wants to find out where to go so he can make some money playing slots.
Yep.
And what's good to tell it to him?
I got through town.
You go to Pompato.
Don't play Wheel of Fortune.
Play anything else.
I did win 300 bucks on a nickel machine there along with the balloons.
I forget what they call that game.
Do they have the chicken machine at Pompato?
No, I didn't see the chicken machines at Pompato but they have them at the hard rock.
They got the he-ha.
I'm telling you man, that's what it's at.
And I shouldn't say that because next time I come down there,
although I'm sure I'll find them at the Gulf Stream I hope.
The chicken's baby.
Get those three chickens and get up to 29 free spins.
830 people have chimed in on our pool.
830.
You know, you're getting all whipped up and thinking you're going to get that thousand.
I'm going to tell you right now your chance to get it.
You're getting the thousand are as good as corkies bringing in 4 pounds of brisket
and 600 potato lockers right now.
Why?
We're going to get it.
You're going to get it all right.
I'm starving now you said that.
Why?
You're like, you know brisket you can have on this diet you're on?
I can, yeah.
A task at a tisket.
Let's have some brisket.
I love it.
And the brisket from corkies was to die for.
Man, it was a corkies in plantation, wasn't it?
Well, just out it was not.
No, there was not.
It was like in a tamer after somewhere.
Oh yeah, that's right.
Gone.
And once it's gone.
It's gone.
The best days of my sex life are in the past 459.
I'll in the future hopefully 202.
In the present like right this minute it's great 134.
I'm a sexual 36 and the best days of my sex life are over because I said I do two.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
He's in your projects.
420-560-QAM.
The fourth leader.
And he'll Rogers is my lover.
Well congratulations.
Get alive.
Alright.
When I'm on the campaign trail it's my childhood tock smack.
I tell some wild stories to cut down the rack.
And I won't let out until he'll raise one.
So I'll hammer away because I'm bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
And when I make a speech, he blows eyes open wide.
And Obama shrieks because he thinks that I'm blind.
And I'm mess with him baby.
Slinging my face such fun.
It's a goal from my lady because I'm bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bad.
Bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum.
Bad Bill Clinton.
Well 18-560-QAM.
So Zach is useless as far as fire reports from across the street because his fiancee
was there and they don't tell her squat.
No she's out of the loop now.
Well there you go.
That's because she's going to report to you.
She's going to come back and feed you all the street dope from across the street.
Well what's in this is a make.
There's nothing good anyway though coming out of there.
I don't hear anything about him.
No more except one very occasionally writes some crap.
Oh they're juggling the line up again and yeah right.
That'll do it.
There's no good Joel Feinberg stuff.
That's the problem.
Yeah and then there we miss him badly.
Hey Joel we miss you badly you A-hole you jackass you.
You're fair.
Yeah.
That's a good point.
When he was there at least there was like some something.
It was banter.
There was news each week.
There was there.
There was there.
There was no Bill and he had real friend and stuff like that.
Whatever was going on.
Yeah.
He was talking a lot of crap.
He was calling my show.
That was great.
Wasn't that great?
That was the most classic ten or fifteen minutes of radio I think I've listened to in the last couple years.
He admitted he knows nothing about sports and knows less about radio.
Yeah.
He knows a lot about losing daddy's money.
He knows that.
He has great expertise in doing that.
It must be nice to be a board millionaire son.
Sure.
All this crap about life is fair and all that other garbage.
Life isn't fair.
It's the what they call draw the lot.
Look at the draw.
Like that.
It's like going into a casino.
You have no idea sit down on a machine like that when I sat down and how did I know that thing we thought.
I'm going to go nuts.
And I'm too consecutive hits it was going to pay me about thirteen hundred bucks on a two cent machine mine.
And you know why I said when I walked away?
What?
That's a good machine mine.
Because a good machine is the one that's paying when you're sitting at it and playing it.
That's what I hear.
Yeah.
I don't want to get you started with a slots all.
You're probably making a few more bucks in Chris.
Yeah, Zach is.
I'm sure.
But then again, who isn't even people in part of the Joe Rose fan club.
So you know, you're strapping.
I beg your pardon?
Joe.
He's part of the Joe Rose Posse.
So what you're saying is they like Joe.
So anybody that works with Joe gets taken care of well and because they hate me like poison.
They screw everybody associated with the show is that what you're trying to say because you know it's true.
I did say that.
But you know it's true.
And I'm sure George is told you that many times.
Although they are taking care of chicken.
Right now that's a good sign.
They're taking care of chicken.
And that great.
I'm not getting any e-mail.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I don't got no money.
Yeah.
I got news for it starting January 1.
I'm not going to have any money either because next year I'm going to be working at just dramatically reduced the wages.
Assuming this thing goes through.
I see the normer can finally get the thing done.
Norma.
God almighty.
You're fair.
Just everything has to drag on and drag on.
I wouldn't be surprised if he's dressing up and drag these days.
Norma.
God.
Just get it done and let's move on.
Timothy Egan who I have no idea who that is.
Contributing columnists for the New York Times.
Let me see who he is.
He writes outpost a column at New York Times and is filling in for Bob Herbert who's often it says.
Well everybody's off.
The little dog was off this morning again.
Joe Rose.
He's got a tickle in his throat.
Is what the rumor was is not okay.
Zach probably knows something about that.
Well already got that tickle in his throat.
Uh huh.
Probably in the locker room with the Hurricane Scrimmage.
Dolphins locker.
And he still showers in the Dolphins locker room.
That's where I hear him and my dog.
Yes.
They still take showers with the guys.
And with Danny Boy, I'm sure that.
Timothy Egan says fresh ideas for a tired crusade.
This is about pot.
Is what it's about.
All right.
A travel writer and public TV host Rich Steves is a certain kind of innocent abroad,
benignly suburban to the core, with a bit of punch and they have a quizzical look of someone who would try raw squid for breakfast and not complain about it.
At 52 he spent a third of his adult life living out of a suitcase.
Everyone searching that bargain room with a view encouraging his fellow Americans to become temporary locals.
His influence is vast and one of the reasons our citizens aren't more hated abroad in Bush's final days.
I was having lunch once in Vernazza and in the Italian Chinkoi Tata, watching waves of people pour out of the tiny village to look for the serendipitous Stevesian encounter while clutching his guidebook.
A sudden outburst came from my seven-year-old son, Rich Steves has got to be stopped, he said.
Steves will live just north of Seattle as packing his wrinkle-free clothes for his latest expedition to Europe.
One can only hope customers will let him back in, for Steves has become the most unlikely voice on behalf of ending the tragedy of the drug war.
He looks at the 800,000 Americans arrested every year on marijuana charges and wonders why the waste of time, money, and lives.
Year after year nothing changes except the faces of those people in jail.
He thinks marijuana should be decriminalized and that drug use in general should be treated primarily as a health issue as the Canadians, the British and the Swiss and others do.
How's it going, eh, Rich?
His views are not novel, but it's been fascinating to watch the reactions since Steves started speaking out on this, sponsors of his TV shows have hardly blanked.
Cops and conservatives have told him how much they agree with him, and less than a month ago the Lutheran Institute gave Steves' annual Wittenberg Award, recognizing outstanding service to church and society, is an active member of the evangelical Lutheran Church, proving that nobody is perfect.
If it takes a church-going guidebook writer who spends his college years as a member of the marching band to call from end of this tired war, so be it.
The cheerleaders and architects of Harshtruck laws from Marshall Limbaugh, who promised to take random drug tests after emitting his addiction to pain pills, to the former drugs our bill, Bennett, who had a multi-million dollar gambling habit, have been exposed as moral frauds.
Two of the major presidential candidates are in a unique position to pivot away from the status quo. It's been largely forgotten, but Cindy McCain, the wife of presumptive Republican nominee, was once so hooked on the opiate painkiller's percussed and vikered in that she resorted to stealing from a medical charity she ran.
And Barack Obama, 1995 memoir, told a youthful alcohol and pot use, maybe even a little blow when I could afford it, he said he wrote this cautionary note, junky pot head, that's why I've been headed, the final fatal role of the young would-be black man.
He is a lucky man, told him on a campaign, in general not long ago, he didn't end up in jail or ruined life, one of the 2.3 million Americans locked up in the world's largest prison system.
Thus far John McCain has said little about changing the approach to possession only drug crimes.
Let me read that again, to changing the approach to possession only drug crimes, got that? With a hyphen.
Obama asked about it in January, said, I'm not interested in legalizing drugs, what I am interested in is putting more of an emphasis on the public health approach to drugs and less on incarceration.
When a prominent supporter of swallowing Clinton raised the issue of Obama's experimentation as a potential swift-boat issue, it drew more criticism of the accused than the candidate.
That doesn't surprise me, I was in Fresno, California once with a cops patrolling the mean streets of the city and armored personnel carriers, the drug warrants, ultimate manifestation.
These officers were mostly uniformed against the folly of the battles they fought every night.
Every society has its drug addicts, dating to Babylon, if not earlier, every American knows someone or has a family member with a problem.
President Bush used to drink too much and was said it for driving under the influence, but instead of using his life experience for change, he's done nothing but carry around the self-righteous tedium of the reformed drunk.
We are left in with people like Rich Steeves to renew the Republic with common sense brought home from other shores. He's taken to heart these words.
Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness. They come from an earlier innocent abroad, Mark Twain.
Don't forget the rain in Spain falls mainly on Mark Twain.
Samuel Langhorn Clements.
I wonder if he's going to rob your Clements, you think?
What if he ever did steroids?
Probably.
What percentage of baseball players you think you're going to rob? About 90%.
It's just a rhetorical question I wasn't expecting an answer.
Certainly not from Zach.
No, definitely.
It works the Joe Rosia where they suck up to all the athletes. Anybody? Anybody takes showers naked with other guys? They suck up to one of our sports shows.
Oh, yeah.
I'll be sure and go out to camp and see the canes, go out to camp and see the scrimmage.
If you have no life, then that's a party always needs that.
This name is the D.P.I.P.
It's not a project.
What is it?
It's the D.P.I.P.
It's the sports leader.
Neil Rogers.
NFL Films present.
God of the Gridiron.
He was born of a virgin and named Brett Lorenzo Farr for the fan upstairs.
So loved the game of football that he gave his only begotten second round draft pick.
Farr would not only score touchdowns, he'd walk on water, then he'd turn that water into light beer and loaves and fishes into nachos and hot wings.
But though the slinging savior hath given his football life into retirement, he shall rise again to be seated at the right hand of L. Michaels.
For Brett Farr is the one true God of the Gridiron.
That's my editorial comment about him. I can't stand him. He makes my stomach turn and when he retired and gave that cheerful, why is it all these jocks go into this big cheerful thing when he make their retirement?
Why do they do that? It's an emotional thing. Why?
It's a sad day for them. They gotta give it up.
Look at all the millions and millions and millions of dollars he made for playing a stupid game.
Yeah, but he doesn't do it for the money. He does it right for the love of the game.
In her 60 volts and Chris's survey, if you make a thousand man, Zach may be uninvited on Thursday when the food comes in.
Come on. I gotta get to another computer then.
You what? Eric helped me out.
Oh, Eric might put like you said. He'll do it April Fool on there. When you least expect it, he'll boost it up by about 5,000 votes.
I'm expecting in the 130 to 2,000. I'm trying to think of what the record is on there. Maybe Eric can research that since he's got his thumb on every every statistic.
I only got over 2,000 back during the early on days. Really? Oh yeah. Wow. Well what? It's a lot of votes.
Well, supposedly they have a queue of 150,000 people or so or where he used to be anyway. So I would say the problem with the votes on the pool is that as you know, only so many people in an R-Face or wherever can vote on the pool.
Correct. Now how does that work? In that building for example. Is it just like between the two of you guys, only one of you can vote?
Correct. It's basically our QAM Power-N-6 has its own internet provider.
So anybody in this building on that provider, once one person votes, no one else can. Wow.
And there's like 100 or 200 people in that building. Yep. So that means if we get 2,000 votes, that means we got 8 billion people listening, right?
It's all like that. Yeah. Make up a number Eric later on after the show is over. Goof it up. But I would like to find out the record had to be during early on.
I can do a little research on my dream the next break. I can look on there. There's Chris Dodd. First meeting.
He's supposed to be a local family member. It looks just like during the William. They would sit down with homeowners to find work out new arrangements for the people.
You know the biggest difference between Chris Dodd and Jerry Williams? What's up?
Chris Dodd is still alive. I think I had something new with Jerry Williams heart attack. I really do. I'll never forget that. I not that I feel bad about it.
When I told him that Walter Sable was stabbing him, he could not returning his calls. And he was responsible for Jerry not being on full time on WRK anymore.
And he wouldn't return his calls. I said, don't understand. That's why he won't take your calls Jerry. He's sticking it to you.
Oh, you're over. And he got all upset. And then the next day I had a heart attack and then shortly after that, guess what?
He died. Excellent guest. He died? Yeah, that's it.
The food and drug administration speaking of things that people smoke. The FDA may finally bring tobacco into its hole.
See, I'm one of those people. Call me crazy. I'm one of those people I know a lot of folks say, oh, you're just making excuses for yourself being a glutton in the audio.
And that's the kind of stuff George says. I think that the manufacturers of refined carbohydrates all ought to be in jail.
I think all of the packaging of those products should be skull and crossbones. These products are hazardous to your health. They're addictive. And if you're starting in now, you're going to get die from them.
You know I'm talking about you know ice cream, skull and crossbones baby immediately potato chips.
Any any like you know I really miss badly.
We did the thing on a candy bar. We've done that a couple times your favorite candy bar. I don't think we ever put it on there because I don't see them anymore. Malow cups.
What's the name of those are? No. You've never had a Malow cup? No, like a Malamar.
Like a little chocolate. It's like a small chocolate cupcake. It looks like. And inside is like marshmallow.
Yeah like Malamar is like that now. Like cookies. Like chocolate. No, no, no, not cookies. No, not cookies. Candy. Chocolate. Hard chocolate with marshmallow inside. And you chew down in a marshmallow like bursts all over your pus.
Man, it's good. Malow, you probably don't make them anymore.
Anyway, a lot of stall bill vehemently opposed by the tobacco industry is said to move forward in Congress, which would grant the FDA part to regulate cigarette additives.
It would not however allow the FDA to ban nicotine. Well thank God for that because that's all the only reason people smoke if they're addicted nicotine. That's the reason why people drink caffeinated soda.
Why would you drink soda with caffeine when you can get caffeine free? Now do you drink soda with caffeine? I hope not. I do not know.
What about you, fatso? Occasionally. Why? And probably not even diets. No, I only drink diet soda. No, thank God for that. If I ask for diet soda and they give me like a regular one, it's going to sip. It's like, oh, too sweet.
Well that's what they do with the, oh well not. I never really know. But the ones you get at the casino is all have caffeine of course. If I went to woodbite and said, I'll have a caffeine free diet coke please. They'd look at me like, like I was a nut job.
Now what I'm drinking right here right now, I'll French on the back. C plus the yet orange. I don't know what that is. This whole French thing man really blows.
Low sodium low calorie C plus diet orange burst contains some kissed juice. It's got Splenda but has a little tiny bit of carbs because it's got some kissed juice in it.
So it's got one gram of carbs for 250 milliliters. How much is that? Not a lot. And I don't really care. I like it. If it's got some taste to it, I mean as opposed to like the regular same old same old.
Anyway, getting back to this build or regulate cigarettes in the FDA. This week the bill is likely to pass the House Energy and Commerce Committee to Wall Street Journal said today to for his hope for a vote by the full house later this spring.
The bill could still run into barriers in the Senate and the FDA Commissioner a Bush administration appointee has raised concerns about it. Another hack was probably on the pay world of the tobacco companies. Another shield.
The bill's progress could position tobacco regulation as an election year issue for supporters in both parties eager to capitalize on the industry's unpopularity.
Faggots are unpopular in America. If the bill passes Congress Democrats will be able to flag it as a significant legislative accomplishment after more than a decade of efforts to grant the FDA sway over tobacco they added. They want sway.
Oh hotels.com says sun sand surf and savings. I wonder where they're trying to send me vacation packages probably Florida. Sorry, I just came back.
I got sun. No sand. Actually usually when I'm out there I go out on my patio and I lay in the sun and get some sunshine and do that. But I'm in a good idea wouldn't it? Why not?
Didn't have time. I was too busy eating and the shmitting. And then go to the casinos. I feel really bad. I didn't get to go to the street.
Maybe we should take some calls and find out about how they're doing it. Oh, we can wait till Monday when George comes back.
So what do you think we're going to do Chris? I think we'll probably wait till Monday then not doing it. Right. I mean I could take some calls. Of course I can't punch him up here because I know I still haven't connected all that stuff together with the router because I don't want to take a chance on losing my internet again.
Exactly. You could punch him up there. We could take some but you know what? I don't want him. I'm not going to.
The bill public and stopped the bill either in the senator or through presidential veto. That could also play well for Democrats on the campaign trail eager to burn his their health care and regulatory credentials.
All three presidential candidates Barack Obama and Sweller Clinton and Republican John McCain are co-sponsors of the Senate burger version of the FDA bill.
The bill would leave the sweeping changes in both the FDA and the tobacco industry to generalize. It would put into law ideas that former FDA commissioner David Kessler pushed in the 90s before his effort was struck down by the Supreme Court.
Among other powers the bill would allow the FDA to set product standards which could include limiting certain ingredients and cigarettes.
Tobacco makers whose products have been largely unregulated will have to turn over to the agency extensive information and win FDA approval for claims that products carry reduced health risk.
The agency would get the ability to regularly advertising of tobacco products. I think I'm all for but I want to see the advertising come back.
Winston tastes good like a cigarette you get the Marlboro man back you know new ports. So apparently with air for Philip Morris apparently what airs research he believes Paul 1601 had the most votes with 2865.
2800 plus. It's not too shabby. Wow. Now what was the poll? The 10 year now he didn't tell me. Well, they're all great. I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
I'm going to check it out right now.
25. The elder 29. The elder Yelstein. The big old who continues to be. He's on here at 23 of the weakest link mad dog 22.
Oh right. Mark I eat my feats isonberg 15. Now what does that mean? I eat my feats. No idea. Maybe a dirty boys reference. Yeah. And maybe he bites his toes. Maybe he maybe trims his toenails with his teeth.
Yeah, me. Race your joke House 1113 in any case in last place, which is good. Missful. Any had only four as the weakest link. That was sometime back as most of those people. In fact, everybody on the list except mad dog.
And big old are gone. Well, of course, you'll see doing those horrible games, but they're gone. Once they're gone, they don't come back. Although not necessarily in this business, sometimes they make you come back.
That would be a good pull. All the way already did that. We did that just.
A couple of days ago. What former host would you like to see back? Did we just got here doing that? Wow. I got your crow. But it's right here. Home boy. He was not there. Either as a matter of fact, the crow. We should try to get him. Make sure we put him on there. Right? I missed the crow. Oh well. No, you don't. I know. No, you don't. You don't miss the smell of that cashier. But okay. I've never in my life met a man or a woman. Anybody who smelled that?
That pungent. It smelled like he bathed in cashmere bouquet powder. I don't know how you do that. But that's what he smelled like. I mean, I've always said it. You know, it's important to smell good, but don't overdo it. You know what I mean by that? Oh, yeah.
So that people who walk by you swoon. Oh my or like get in the elevator with your God forbid. 567. Oh, 86560. Yeah, we missed that. Because it wasn't a guy.
Ask the people in accounting whether he was a nice guy or not. Yeah, which is why he got canned. When he went back there and bitched him out and screamed and hard because he wasn't getting paid. I mean, you know, there are a lot of us who've gone through that. And we just, we just go with the flow. Yeah.
Pants when you feel like it. If I jolly Joe has done a wonderful job on that. I get paid there too early now. I was compared to before when you know, I used to be on pins and needles. Is the check on the show up this time and like that. He's done a great job of that. You want to know why?
Why he loves me. Do you believe that? Yes. No, you don't. Everybody loves you. No, he wants me to stick around. That's why he wants me to work for like about the same salary as Chris.
And I'm on the verge of doing it. We got 897. We give it every well over 900 by the top of the article. Shout out that 1000. We're going to do it. We're not. We're going to do it. 898. See, they're coming in by the ones that are going to be 5 chunks. We need clumps like hemorrhoids, baby. We need clumps like clumps of grapes in your.
I bet you guys have had roids. I've never had it now. No, no, no, no, no, no, old people get. No, that's what fat people get. Hemorrhoids, you've never had roids. Nope. Zach, I have not. Get out of here.
Asked a beast to be visited. I've ever had roids. No, that's okay. They could make 50 bottles of wine with the grapes that he's hanging.
That's going to make me sick. It's not a very pleasant thought. I'm thinking maybe I'll embarrass him in like losing an ounce.
Good luck. Who is saying was a joke that was saying yesterday about how a beast goes walking with dad or something like that. And his parents are our responsible. Also, they take him on those cruises. Now that he's married, I don't know what they're still doing.
Hey, guess what? What? 900. We're going to do something. If you look up puts in the dictionary, you will see Chris's picture right next to that word.
Puts. I want some world to fees him. World is for one. For my picture.
I know one. See? And we're having fun in the sun.
Worries about one world order in a North American union have been ginned up by the blogs in the Internet Senator Barack Obama today.
Lancaster Pennsylvania audience in a stump speech yesterday as he continues to her throughout the battleground state.
He also depended on the recently reauthorized pay-pupac. I'm not too happy about that, Barack.
Responding to a question from the audience asking whether he was a member of the Council on Foreign Relations Group, many ledges leading him to a one-world government obama said,
I don't know how I'm an official member. I've spoken there before. It's basically a form where people talk about foreign policy. There's no official membership.
I don't have a card or you know a special handshake or anything like that. You know, like the nations have that special handshake.
That's what I hear. And the Yehli's what do they call it? Fraternity from Yale?
The dumb ones. You know, Bush was in it. When they started something or whatever? Scull and bones.
Yes, what is it called? I don't remember. It's a skull in something society or whatever.
Yankee and Twist. Senator Soler reclaimed it's spoken several times to the Council on Foreign Relations.
Comments he made yesterday against NAFTA were posted on the groups website. Often because the Council has served as a lightning rod for conspiracy theorists,
candidate Sherway from listing their affiliation with the group, Vice President Cheney is a former director but taking pains not to publicize that fact,
a former director of the Council on Foreign Relations, and a real crook of gangster, Dick Cheney. Scull and bones.
A thousand times more evil than Bush or any of the rest of those Nazis.
I've been a member for long and was actually a director for some period of time. He told members in the speech broadcast on C-SPAN and now on you...
I'm so sick and tired of hearing about his days in politics in Pennsylvania and his brother and all this other crap. Nobody cares about your days in politics, okay?
And your politics fix you idiot. Scull and bones. Scull and bone.
Scull and cross bones. That's what they have on every package of candy, ice cream, malo cup. Oh, I can't believe you never had that. You'd die from it.
The Council on Foreign Relations has been at the center of several one-world order conspiracies with theorists contending that the group is conspiring to bring about one-world government and a North American union, similarly European Union. Obama dismissed those notions.
I see no evidence of this actually taking place. He said, I think this is something that's been jinned up on certain blogs and the Internet.
It was based most on the fact that it was this highway being built in Texas that facilitates transportation between Mexico and the Intercontinental U.S. and Canada.
Not to help to break down barriers, but I don't think there's any conspiracy to create this one-continental government, he'd be saying.
912 votes is Chris's march on his way to the thousands. If he gets it, boy, I'll tell you. Zach will give him a big kiss at two o'clock.
Right on your list.
Rock, show, hold, sign, find what it's no use, you're gone man.
That's it.
Okay, so I don't know, 1 in 5, 60, WK, you're stuck on 918, Chris, you're not going to make no thousand.
We're going to do it. We need 82 votes in 59 minutes. I just, I don't, I can't smell it. I can smell it. Can you smell it?
I'm the whole Chris. No, when the pressure gets heavy duty under you, I pull it in all like this and he knows he's going to fall short.
919, a roll must start seeping under the door there. Nope.
The best days of my six life are 919 now. We got one more. One more.
In the past 490, in the future hopefully 224, in the present like right this minute and it's great 149 like right this second.
I'm a sexual 39 and the best days of my six life are over because I said I do 17. They said I do and how they don't.
That's my best advice to everybody. Don't get married. I mean, it's fashionable. All the movie stars can do it. I see that the Brad Pitt finally tied the knot.
You see that? Yep. I didn't say that. Well, it's going to have what's your name. And Julie. Not Jennifer Aniston.
Angelina, Julie. They've got three kids already. They say, oh, well, maybe we'll get married now. See, that's the way they do it.
And the same with a lot of the athletes. You're stuck in 919, man. You got about as much chance of giving a thousand.
And then where are you going to do it? What? We're going to do it. No, you're not. Yes, we are. Not. Not. Yes. Can't won't pull.
I think I was a old man. 921. There's a pair for you. A teeny tiny pair. I know who those must be attached to.
Although there are a lot of rumors about him, man. When we first came to the QA and building, a lot of rumors about guilty.
Ooh, look at our rumors. Something like a hippopotamus. I don't know what they were talking about is. Yeah. 923.
Remember that song, hang down your head, Tom, doing a lot of rumors about Kelly being like the Milton Burle of a sweet radio.
Pennsylvania voters are like few women or blacks. How do you like that?
Interesting, but they'll have to choose one of the other in the April 22nd Democratic Presidents or primary between Barack and Swolory.
There's no consensus explanation on political operatives and scholars of the political glass ceiling in this state,
which currently has only one black and one woman and its 21-member congressional delegation and has never had a black or female governor.
Only one black and one woman have ever sought the governor ship on a major party ticket in Pennsylvania.
Yeah, it's kind of a, I don't know, a strange state. There might be a lot of Michigan in some ways.
Although at least they've got Pittsburgh, you know, which isn't saying much.
I mean, not that Michigan doesn't have other big cities, but not as big. They got Detroit and the rest of the state.
Yale Grand Rapids, Saginaw, Flint, Kalamazoo, Lansing, not not any biggies. They got Detroit. That's Michigan.
And in Pennsylvania, it's Philadelphia and the Pittsburgh, do a much lesser extent.
Ever been to Pittsburgh, Chris? Just airport. I have not been there, no. No, don't go.
Although they got a great restaurant called the Mountain View Inn in Greensburg, PA just outside of Pittsburgh, the Mountain View Inn.
They have the best and turkey dinner there. Oh my god, just, I'm assuming it's still there.
Maybe you want to Google it. Mountain View Inn, Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
So what other places do you have on the Do Not Go To list? I have Detroit at Pittsburgh?
Now, Pittsburgh's okay. I mean, I don't know why. Why would you want to go there?
Let me see if they're racing today at the Meadows. That's in Meadowlands, Pennsylvania. Just off of Pittsburgh.
A lot of people think that Meadowlands, PA is where the Meadowlands is and of course it's not. That's in East Rutherford, New Jersey, as you probably know, being from New York.
Why did that one, too?
I'll race to a Tampa Bay with a synapse that goes spastic. Calls every race like it's the Kentucky Derby.
Mountain View Inn, the Greensburg Pia. And they're off. And they're off. From the outside, Stagwinner.
Rex, for the day, with King Palant. These are like $6 claimers. You know, these are, they ready for the glue factory. Tampa Bay down.
Legal exchange and far back in the early going is the favorite cardamagnot. Oh my God. Up the back stretch.
They go. Stagwinner crosses over to the outside and their guns office and has the lead and opens up five on the field.
Legal exchange is second. This horse on the lead is going to puke and gasp. He's going to stop in mid-stretch and take a nap.
The outside for it. Then it's two and a half links farther back Jones echo making up ground now.
Three then we go back to northern by you six. The gap of two, Mr. Moon Shining.
Seven to one half links. Far back. He's a hurricane. Leasing it on eight.
Here goes the speed. It's like Dr. Dick is 10 by links. Far back. The trailer is still the favorite cardamango.
With a quarter of a mile around like the dragon as the late king fell on some of the outside.
It now comes as went to the lead. Oh, of course just fell into the stretch.
He never even say anything. The outside as the lead. Of course just fell into Jackie when flying off.
He never even say anything about it. Well, that's excited to. Yeah. Well, I was I hate that. Why see that?
You ever see it? I've seen it. Hey, so Mountain View in still there in Greensburg, Pennsylvania.
Yeah, Mountain View in.com. It's like a hotel and a restaurant. Good food.
Look at this place. Pennsylvania. What? Looks like a nice place. It's a beautiful place.
I'm not saying that Pittsburgh is like that. Pittsburgh is what it is. You know, it's industrial. It's the middle of nowhere. It sucks.
Philadelphia, though, on the other hand is some pretty interesting people in Philadelphia.
The Dow is up 309 points. Holy moly. Maybe you better buy before it's too late. Not.
Anyway, getting back to Pennsylvania if I can't am I allowed to do that or do I have to ask Chris Matthews permission?
I would ask first before we get our politics fixed. Some chalk it up to the parties faded to recruit more women in blacks and
attend see the favoring comets over untested upstarts. Some theories hold that juggling young families in political careers detour as women from seeking full-time or
officer voters from choosing them. Some believe the concentration of blacks in urban areas works against black candidates for stay-what-office who must seek votes in predominantly white rural counties once famously compared to Alabama with without that banjo on you.
Pennsylvania's voting age population is more than 50% female in about 10% black but neither group has comparable representation among top state and federal elected offices.
One of the worst showings only 15% of the 253 seats in legislature are filled by women leaving Pennsylvania 43rd nationally in that category.
State Democratic Party Chairman T.J. Rooney sees no inherent bias against black or female candidates. The challenge that confronts candidates and any
threat is being able to put together the money and the organization he said oh boy that sounds so Canadian when they say the organization that's a hockey thing you know.
Isn't it a hockey thing? Now who do we have on the station that's covering hockey now is that you.
Oh here's the fourth race coming up here's the post parade at the Metta Rose.
It's like Lava on the 6th Taco Hanover.
Number 7 is final or more.
They follow him looks like tomorrow.
You have a day.
Who do you marry?
O'Lebroska trained.
They follow the 7th final.
A more.
A more you know this man he needs help he really does rather he needs to the world needs to be saved from Marge Houston and people like him.
But I was everyone at horsewood down to a tempo you should have seen and he probably has some nice bandages on too.
But he got right up the jockey kind of rolled him out a little bit and then he jumped up everybody's fine.
So that's good.
Well I'm sure you're worried about it.
I was.
We got one minute to post time for the fourth race at the Metta Rose where they have like a pick up truck for the starting gate.
I mean it's not too classy you know what I mean?
Like a lot of race tracks they use a Cadillac for the starting gate or some kind of nice vehicle you know.
Really.
There they have a pick up truck.
So if you doubt that you're riding the sticks in the middle of metal inspeed is like several miles south of Pittsburgh in the middle of a cow pasture in the middle of nowhere.
And there's a racetrack and I bet you're shocked that I've been there.
Absolutely shocked.
I'm shocked that you haven't been to every race track in the US.
I've been to Liberty Bell track which is no longer there in Philadelphia I was to Liberty Bell with Robert Campbell and Billy Houghton and Peter Houghton.
And Peter Pumkin eater 942 votes on the survey while I'm doing it because Clarence wants more sports on the show.
He doesn't tell me that but I'm sure in his heart of hearts in his part of hearts parts.
He wants a lot more sports.
They're getting ready to go to the post and meadows we have time to hear the racetrack and eight horse field.
The one is the heavy chocolate four to five and the six is the second choice at five to two.
And below in the seven to one.
Oh look out now.
Look out and Aaron Merrimon is 35 to one from the famous Michigan and Ohio Merrimon Racing family.
Wow. I'm with Jim Errimon Jr. and Jim Errimon Sr. and Tom Errimon of course not.
And I'm Errimon Road and Detroit. No you don't.
In Lafonia.
There used to be a buffet called Skipper's Table.
You guys would have gone nuts there.
Really?
Many a day I went with my racetrack friend from Michigan.
We would go to DRC Detroit race course for the nighttime racing and we'd go early and we'd stop at Skipper's Table.
The buffet and Mondjamon Jr. baby.
I mean just really you know not like high high quality stuff but a lot of good lot of good food.
You know what I mean?
That's all you said Skipper classes with?
No that was a John Sobel.
This was my friend Dar who worked at General Motors in Lansing though he was a different guy with a wife by the way.
And so did the other one have a wife.
Just in case you're curious about these things.
Look at that there's an 80 to one shot leading.
You know one of the first two on a block.
Polaris 10 to one and he comes out of the pocket.
You don't want to sit behind that piece.
You know what I mean?
You don't want to sit behind a dead piece.
I'll take your work for it.
I'm flying Kevin 3 wide, bike water and taco, hand over, charging to the front.
Yeah we don't care.
946 tallies on the pool now you got 49 minutes you need 54 votes.
I think now it's doable.
We're going to do it.
Well it wasn't doable before and maybe I don't know.
Yeah well maybe they're coming to your rescue now because they feel sorry for you.
Or they feel bad that you're taking so much abuse because and of course it's next fault.
It's always.
And we're glad to have Zach.
The audience, the audience likes Zach.
They're most of them like Josh Cortis too except for Brandon who hates him like Polaris.
Now I have to order a word from him today so he must be very satisfied.
Thing 4 day lane following the cover.
Chad!
My job is not that team.
My favorite on the lane.
I have the second choice.
The one is 4 to 5.
On his second over and coming like a fan on the outside.
4 out 3, 1, 1.
And what I talked about the chalk.
Here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Take the chalk and throw it out.
On top.
Tocco and over at last.
Go on third it's moment.
My people lose a second.
They lane.
Continue stand job third.
And the six left like wilders just demon.
How did he wave it on his feet?
He is just smashing the crap out of me.
Looks like he's going to fall down and be honest.
He's going to win the race.
He's coming to the wire.
It's all Tocco.
Him over.
When I tried it my buddy Tocco Schmackle won the race and Mike Wilder got second with the chalk.
Another beaten favorite.
That's my handicap he listens for you guys when he goes with George II or Gulfstream.
Don't play the chalk.
Was he 80 to 1 or was it the other one?
I like the 80 to 1.
The 80 to 1.
Here it comes now.
He just crossed the line now.
What are you talking about?
I would have bet on that guy.
My advice to you on your racetrack question and against stay home.
That's my best advice.
948.
You need 52 votes and 48 minutes.
You can do it.
Or not.
What biggest name to the best out of Tocco?
He's no more.
I just scored for you.
560 QAM.
Naked.
Fourth.
Leader.
Get the hunting tune.
Who was the greatest?
Who was the best of all time?
In one quarter.
The reigning champion and nason the line, Dixie.
He'll be pennied against the former two-time heavyweight champion, Rocky Balboa.
On the 13th, two-plus Super Mutual Day.
I'll go make a review.
He says Rocky Balboa would be triumphant.
What are you trying to prove, Pa?
Don't you think it's too... you know, old?
Marty.
He thought by my jog and shuffleboard partner at the home.
He says I still got it.
What a proven right.
He could graze losing altitude.
It'll pull you back at the day a sister and I were used to get it on.
All over, especially at the basement.
You know the basement at the pet store.
You beat this guy.
You need speed.
You don't have it.
You look at that calcium you've got.
It's on most of your joints.
So sparring is our...
I had that problem.
So what we'll be calling on is blonde forest trauma.
Having duty punches that would roll his head.
Sister, let's start building some hurting arms.
I've got an unusual for the early bird specials tonight.
Mutant units for dinner.
This building has an expedition.
But we wouldn't have to call it an execution.
Oh, I think I just crap about the pigs.
You ain't gonna do it though.
I told you, you slow down to a crawl.
We're gonna do it.
Get 9.48.
Now you got 9.49.
Now you got 9.50.
They're coming in like about one every couple of minutes.
So we're gonna get to 9.60.
The weirdest thing is slow down that pool.
I don't understand it for life or me.
What's over these people?
I think it's what might put that horse race on there.
Then they start getting silly and they start turning over to a horse haste.
Don't know to see about something more important.
Like the keens, you know.
Like the heat.
The heat.
You'll hear all about the heated too.
What do you want to or not?
With jerks.
Is he on today?
Is he gonna be with us or what?
How long is he gonna be with us?
For a while.
Or here's Paul Marice with a leaf's press conference saying,
the leaf's suck.
We know that Paul.
Get on it.
Get lost. You're done.
It's the reason I played the Rocky things.
Senator Swarovic Clinton says she has something in common with legendary film boxer.
Rocky Balboa.
She's not a quitter.
Recalling a famous scene on the steps of the Philadelphia Museum of Heart from the 76th
Oscar-winning film Rocky.
Clinton said that the ending of a presidential campaign would be as if
Rocky Balboa had gotten halfway up those art museum steps and said,
well, I guess that's about far enough.
Let me tell you something when it comes to finishing a fight.
Rocky and I have a lot in common.
I never quit.
I never give up.
I need to be the American people, she said.
An excerpt has prepared marks to be given today to a meeting of the Pennsylvania AFLCI.
Oh!
Clinton wore that Democrats won't have an easy time against Republican nominee and waiting
John Insane McCain in the General and applied that arrival,
ascended to Barack Obama, Illinois, made up the up to the task.
Republicans are going to give up without a fight, she said,
no matter how beautiful your rhetoric, Republicans are aren't going to turn off their attack machine.
It doesn't have an off switch.
But one thing you know about me, she says,
that when I say, I'll fight for you, I'll fight for you.
I know that what it's like to stumble, I know what it means to get knocked down,
but I've never stayed down, I never will.
That's what Bubba said.
She knows how to go down, not.
In recent days, what he's made an issue with calls from Obama Vacas for her to abandon the Democratic race,
they've argued that Obama holds a lead in delegate count and a protracted Democratic primary
with damage-eventsial nominee.
Now this is one of the most important elections we've ever had.
There's so much at stake, but just as it's getting time to vote here in Pennsylvania,
Senator Obama says he's getting tired of it, in support of say they wanted to end, she said.
Obama refused on Saturday to go along with other Democrats who were calling for Clinton to drop out of the race.
My attitude is, Willary can run as long as she wants, you go, Willary, and do it soon.
9.52, man. You're slowed down to a crawl.
Remember the tortoise in the hair?
Yeah, they get it.
Remember the tortoise in the hair?
That's what I've read it, yeah.
You're like the tortoise now, baby.
We're gonna do it.
You're like that, braille rabbit.
I have a tortoise one.
Well, she's rare, but here we have that.
Huh?
Some British thing which she's on it.
I think it's pretty good.
Well, she's rare, rare.
And the British should eat a lot of rabbit too.
Oh, God.
And in Finland they eat reindeer.
Can you imagine eating a Santa's reindeer?
No.
That's really sick.
It's like eating a deer.
Isn't deer venison?
Yep.
Have you ever had it?
I don't even have had it.
I was supposed to be great.
And?
I did not.
I got tricked into it.
Someone told me it was a steak.
And I had a couple bites.
I was not very happy.
No.
Not anybody told you it was a bandy.
You started crying like a baby on bed.
I was in Amsterdam when that happened.
It was in Amsterdam?
They gave me swordfish.
They told me it was chicken.
And they gave me reindeer.
And they told me it was steak.
You know, tell Chris about the great cuisine you had in Amsterdam.
Like a Kentucky fry or McDonald's?
Because the exact same.
That's exactly what the best.
The only thing I had there that was good that was actually in restaurants where I had pancakes
at every single place I went to.
I really didn't have them.
I remember.
The food sucks.
Yeah.
We had more American places than local places.
Here's a couple of polls from Sean who's got a new header now.
Look at this.
A whole new setup here on his facts.
It says, thanks to George for the remote at Gulfstream.
What is he going to have some comic, some strip club remotes for our service decrets?
And by the way, did he ever show up there at Gulfstream?
Sean?
I believe he did.
Yeah.
It says, by the way, the only good thing about Malacup's was the little tickets inside
the Cooquatian that were usually worth a nickel.
But when I was seven, I got a $5 one.
I thought I was down in Jim Brady, Jr.
Here's the video on the Mardi Gras, Sean says, because he's in Hollywood.
He knows his Hollywood crap.
The casino is just okay.
And the lounge has a chimichurro steak, Argentinian style skirt steak for $9.99.
That's juicy as hell with my Kisasa.
Chimichurro.
What if that's like a chimichanga?
Probably close.
But the racing and summer history upstairs is a dump.
It looks like they've imported extra losers from other tracks.
It looks like the people were turned away from wheeling downs.
Oh, wheeling downs.
And vice-virginia.
I've never been there.
Thank God.
In the face of almost everyone there reads the story of another wasted life, says Sean.
He's got a couple of poles on here too.
How do you like that?
Actually, wasn't it Sean that was scaring away some of the two idiots?
While we were on the air.
What are you talking about?
You asked what you were trying to do.
I believe George that Sean was trying to give the two idiots the intimidating stare.
And they ran away.
Well, which two idiots were they?
Was it like, Chambat?
That one?
That one, the voice friend?
Perfect.
Perfect.
Those two, they showed up again.
Well, thanks a lot, Sean.
You're the best man.
He went there and he was like George's bodyguard and chased away those idiots.
950 on votes.
I'm a poll.
You need 41 more in 36 minutes.
I don't know.
We're going to do it.
Confidence is very marginal at that point.
We're going to do it.
Yeah, you're going to do it.
You're doing it.
1.2 a minute.
We got it.
Yeah, you got it.
It's in the bag.
Uh huh.
Yeah, it's in the bag.
I'll write it in a small.
You'd know about that.
Spartan Burst South Carolina.
I wish I had a bag, boy.
I was thinking about that the other day.
You could have taken it to the right.
I have that experience.
And I don't want to get too indelicate here because it is a family show, of course.
But, uh, I just can't even imagine what that would be like.
Look at that.
The dollar's up 318 points.
Oh, baby.
Get your, uh, get your bets in.
See, people invest in the stock market.
They don't realize that it's gambling.
It's pseudo intellectual gambling is what it is.
Am I right?
Mm-hmm.
Of course.
You know what you could do.
It's just like buy a motorhome and drive that around everywhere.
So you don't have to wonder where the bathroom is.
Yeah, that motorhome would have fit real good into Ruth Chris.
I just drive it right into the elevator there in a Hilton hotel and just zoom right
on down to the restaurant.
You should keep a plastic bag with you at all times.
How am I way you bastards?
I'm coming in.
Spartan vs. South Carolina, 30 say a man robbed a Spartan bird bank after the check he tried to cash, bounced.
Police told WIFF TV the man gave a teller a personal check for $173 yesterday morning
but the teller couldn't cash it because there wasn't enough money in the account.
Authorities say the man told a teller he had to have the cash or somebody was going to kill him.
The teller told police the man and then said it was better to go to jail and die and he wrote a note saying he was robbing the bank.
Police say the teller gave the man some money and he ran away.
All right.
Investigators say they have a suspect but not yet made an arrest.
Now that's a good scam for you.
Go into the bank and send him a note and say, if you don't give me like $500, somebody's going to kill me.
And maybe they're stupid enough to give you the five I doubt it though.
Because I'm sure that in the bank just like in the racetrack the tellers at the end of the day when they like cash out you know they have to like...
They have to like try to help you know what I mean what they call that.
Yeah they tell it up.
They tell you it all up.
I'm sure the bank the tellers are the same way.
So at the end of the day if you're supposed to have like $7200 and you've got like five bucks left,
somebody's probably going to like stick their nose in your ass.
It's interesting.
And of course some of you might like that.
I'm 161 votes just like Daniel Bastard was doing to the Marlins this morning in the hairl.
Oh my god.
What a suck up job.
Just embarrassing.
They lose 7 to 2, probably 20,000 of the people are more than a handful of meds fans.
But all opening day in the sunshine and the ugman.
I wish my best name to the best town of the world.
One of the ones who know my life is the sport rate of 5.62 am.
Nick, 4th leader.
Job that one.
See here.
Eighths, open, open.
We got super big boys, Baby boys
LAUGHING Green 7 is so huge.
There ain't no message here.
This pretend to be the father of the boy.
This confidence represent Gender and Gypsies love to be beaten in your eyes.
Doze doze doze.
Doze doze doze doze.
Doze doze, doze doze.
Doze doze, doze.
Doze doze.
I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna
Dieucharad washer, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die, I'm gonna die I'm gonna die right here. Also came to the train Liberia, they didn't have it right. They were doing that, fine. They were doing that right. Well, be careful while we're supposed to take our guns off. We'll just go take our weapons off at the necessary, liking that we have should be safe though at this point, Feel good. Just go with that. This is way to do happen, yeah we're supposed to go back up and down. Very good fish, okay. Wer Masters are enough. In god, Seniors are not allowed to fly and get caught cause stop life. I'm not allowed to fly and then there will be
We did joy!
We did joy!
We did joy!
We did joy!
We did joy!
We did joy!
132 at 560 every 2M happy Tuesday,
HEPA full of Thursday, we didn't do any full of the day, did we?
No.
No, when we should have done it, we should have said,
oh the marlins have just gone out of business,
or the apathas have just moved to a Memphis,
or the dolphins just closed the doors,
or the heat just won a game.
Or the heat just won a game.
Nobody, I'm talking about something somebody might believe.
Oh, to a good point.
There has to be a little bit of credibility.
Boy, the sun is shining, it looks like an incredible...
I can't be in here, I should be out in my bathing suit,
unlike Ontario.
Let's see what the temperature is for a polychristinoma.
Oh, it's back, it's only 11, I thought we were up to 12 before,
it's only 52.
But they're saying, 14, it's 58 degrees today,
and sunshine, halloween, and there's that horrible radar they show,
and it's already past, it sits to the east,
it's on a way to the Ottawa Valley, eight.
Holy moly, man, it's a beauty estate.
Don't you know how exciting it is when spring really,
I'm not talking about it on a calendar.
But like when in reality, it's finally a rise.
It's enough to make me want to hop into that pundiac,
and just drive all the way to Niagara Falls and lose thousands.
Don't go to Falls View Casino, by the way.
All right, noted.
You got good food there, but boy, those machines,
they did it's a tourist trap, like Vegas.
See, that's another thing people say to me,
oh, well, don't you ever want to go back to Vegas?
It's a tourist trap.
And especially for somebody who likes the slots,
the way I do, I mean, if that's what I'm going to play there,
like I always do, except for one time, I think I'm going to lose my ass.
You like the what there?
The slots.
Me too.
The slots, like the quarter slots.
Slots, I like the slots.
I like the slots.
1976 votes on the pool.
Told you.
What?
We're going to hit a thousand.
Pull me well, you got 26 minutes, you need 24 votes.
It's not a guarantee.
We got it.
It's not a given, it's not a done deal.
And what do I tell you?
So many times you get like all cocky and everything,
and like, oh, we got it, man.
And then we fall short, although it rarely happens.
Not to that kind of shock that today.
We're like, we have to push so hard to get there.
It's, I don't know.
We're going to go on.
We're going to do it.
Maybe we really have about 1200 votes,
but he risked out his food on the break.
He might be playing with us.
You know, he might be playing his own April Fool.
And then just about like two minutes till two,
he'll take his food off the break.
And then he'll take one and have like 45,000 votes.
That would be awesome.
Yeah, sure.
A woman who said she had to forego cancer treatment
because of bot surgery by California doctor says,
she was never made aware that the doctor was being treated
for alcoholism.
And it been convicted for driving out of the influence.
How do you like that?
A boozer.
Becky Anderson said she had no idea that the doctor treating her
was being treated for alcoholism.
Becky received a breast reconstruction of Dr. Brian West,
a California plastic surgeon in September of 2000.
Becky was suffering from breast cancer.
She said she had a forego cancer treatment
while battling complication from West's surgery.
Now she's dying of cancer.
She had no idea when she left West,
when she left West's treater that had been convicted
for driving out of the influence in 87
and then arrested for a second DUI
for which she was either convicted
while on the way to treat her.
Oh, I'm on the way to help you, anyway.
Oh.
Well, there's a Barack with that bitch,
Oprah again, God.
What is this story?
Luckily, she's been keeping a relatively low profile
from what I can see during this whole thing.
Thank God.
Anyway, she claims that Dr. Light about the DUI,
blaming a misdepuntlet with her on a car accident.
She sued the doctor for negligence in al-practice.
He never admitted fault,
but settled with her for 250 grand.
AC360 investigates doctors in media,
and it's going to be on TV the whole story.
Why is this an alcoholic equivalent
of a medical board of California decision?
And remember, these states' position diversion program.
The program keeps the doctors identity as private
so it allowed him to continue to treat patients,
even operate on them while he was secretly
getting treatment for his addiction.
Oh, the doctor is a little bit...
I'm a little bit...
I'm a little bit more in happy to open the oven
and see if he didn't find in there.
Like, maybe if you got a bottle hidden there,
you can find your guts.
Here's such a thing.
I'm sure it would happen.
The doctor's drug is a skunk,
he can still perform surgery.
Right.
I wonder if he was the doctor
who did perform the surgery on most therapies.
Could be.
I got to play that just for you.
I'm sure you love that.
I laugh a state of...
The doctor that performed the surgery on J.C. Listump.
Didn't he need a same doctor that performed the surgery?
No, he didn't.
He did it on your two pay.
The doctor who performed the surgery,
let's think about that.
What's his name?
Klein?
He was a doctor.
I don't know where you were.
You called our GELD manager.
Where are you from?
I'm not sure where you went.
Did you go to Holy Cross?
I didn't read it.
Not sure.
Well, bottom line is that...
The doctors can't tell how long J.C. is going to be out.
No, you're not sure.
Somewhere at least a month could be up to eight weeks.
Somewhere in there.
Wally on the wall with you on QAM.
Now let me ask you this.
Were you responsible for J.C. living on eight times a week
on the emotional day?
I could book to J.C.
He'd book to himself.
Did he really?
He would just tell me when J.C. is coming on.
I guess the two of them were pretty tight, huh?
Yeah, you could say about that.
Maybe they've rubbed each other's mizuzas.
Cool.
Played with each other's menorys?
They might.
986 on the point.
You need 14 votes and you only have 20-3 minutes, Mr. U.
You better push it, baby.
We're going to do it.
The best days of my sex life are in the past 524.
In the future, hopefully, 239.
In the present, like right now,
and it's great, 156.
I'm eight-sexual, 41-8,
and they're over because I said I do 26.
Is that true or is that just a myth?
Well, you wouldn't know neither one of you are married.
I know.
I mean, you're both screwing around like that
George Cordist for crying out loud.
There is a guy.
It's always Halloween for him.
He's always doing a lot of dipping and dunking,
you know what I mean by that?
He's not a little jealous.
What?
You?
Yeah, that'll be the day.
My buddy Holly said,
that'll be the day.
Well, you are.
I don't know what your story is today.
Did you get any food in there today or not?
Yeah, we got some good habits.
I heard who gave it was that Zach or was that the DA
that gave him the plug this out, wasn't it?
Well, you are shameless, you know?
I know.
Giving up the phone number, although it might.
It's the least we can do for them after they $80 billion
with the food they've been bringing in for,
I don't know how many years now.
9.4?
99.7707?
For a Howeys with a food is sensational.
Man, they got the best and bacon in history mankind.
I'll tell you all I know.
I remember my Adkins day's back here.
Yeah.
I used to get a thing of bacon.
Remember you used to get a thing of bacon?
You were on the vacancy?
I used to steal your bacon by the way.
When you used to order it and you were here the few days ago.
Let me ask you again.
Are you allowed to bacon on this thing you're on?
No, no, I can't eat bacon now.
Oh my God.
I miss it.
988.
12 votes to go baby and then Chris is going to get naked
and jump up and down on the counter for his act.
I'm back here to go run out.
I'm back here to get his nil logic.
4.560 QAM.
I think.
4th leader.
Man perched high on these long ladders,
hoes is in hand.
Well, a couple of years ago, I made some money.
I didn't pay taxes on them.
The government's got plenty of money.
They don't need to taxes.
They're dramatically higher taxes.
She starts with my brains and I know why.
The head of children's come around tax time.
He's back and mine got a fill in the lines and get it in on time.
Oh, I know tax forms of our pain to think.
And fill in the mouth and it really stinks.
I'm doing all this and they can think but pay.
Yes, they cap away.
It's so unreal.
But a fact you know, I'm in a matrix of actual land numbers
and no swaps have my proceeds.
No longer go how I'll ever get to this.
I just don't know this.
I'm trying to go on try to go on fellow part-time from the start.
What it needs to mean is it just means it will bring income to see.
Try so hard and it will get far.
Really, yeah.
Someone who thinks this matter,
paid to go to debt too long.
In the end, their wallet will be better.
Inca tax time coming up.
The burden of taxes has shifted from the wealthy to the middle class.
That's that.
Anyway, it's a 145.
You got 998.
A grocery at two o'clock he's been fired.
April 4.
No mad dog before he's a walked out.
April 4.
988 and a pool.
By the way, during the break my phone rang in the during that bit.
I was like, I have to read in the other room.
What?
Anybody good?
Some chick.
She hot.
And she said, is this the newsroom with WQAM?
Now what did you say?
I said, no, it's not.
Is she looking for me?
Is this the newsroom with WQAM?
With the Toronto area code.
I mean, so.
Oh, look at that.
Oh, he saved the best.
Take a look at how many votes we got now.
I told you 998.
I told you we're going to know.
999,998.
We need two more votes for a million.
No, you need one more now.
One more vote for a million.
At a boy, Eric, see, all you got to do is just lay it out there.
I'm taking the credit for this one.
Why is that?
Because of me today we got a million votes.
999,999 vote.
Eric has said, didn't with it again.
At a boy or ever.
He's the real votes.
Yeah, wouldn't that be something?
That'll be a million votes we did.
All right.
You shouldn't have announced it.
Give me a chance to play a little like it.
No more.
One million votes.
Eat your heart out to see.
Put the 100 million votes.
Ready to bring the air.
Come on.
Tremble.
Time, Uncle.
A broader judge ruled today that X Yankee's Jim Lairitz won't have to take home
sobriety test anymore.
Just two months after being charged with driving drunk and fatally killing a four-letter
woman.
As part of his pre-trial release conditions by the state in January,
Lairitz was ordered not to drink or get behind the wheel of a car until after his
DIY manslaughter case was completed.
But today, Judge Mark Gold ruled the random test under which Lairitz had
performed three to five times a day, created a defector house arrest situation
for the former major leader.
Mine hasn't flipped over yet for the million.
Oh, there it is.
A million eight.
Oh, right.
And a great in the sunshine state.
Lairitz is currently applying for a hardship license.
I would allow him to drive two and firm work in an emergency emergency situation.
Gold said if he's granted a hardship license, the home sobriety test would stop
and an interlock system would replace in his car that would test to make sure no
booze was in his system.
If he failed the test, the car wouldn't start authorities would be notified.
On December 28, Lairitz was out celebrating his 44th birthday.
When he ran a red light, crashed his SUV in the car driven by a free-da-and-veach.
We just laid him a job on four-load of day-o-beach.
Test later revealed both were drunk at the time of the accident around 3-20 in the morning.
Both.
How do you like that?
It's terrible.
Lairitz's blood alcohol content was point 14 and point 13 when tested about three and
four hours after the crash.
Veach had a blood alcohol level of point 18.
The legal flow limit is point 0-8.
Lairitz and Davies charged with DUI manced slaughter by impairment and DUI manced slaughter by
15 years in prison has already pleaded not guilty.
Carl starts May 12.
Veach's family filed a civil law sit against the former baseball star last week.
At issue in a man's slaughter in civil cases may be Veach's level of negligence in the crash because
she was also driving drunk according to the police.
Bruce Barger was riding with Lairitz that night.
Lairitz may have taken his eyes off the road just before the crash happened.
Oops.
Now it's pretty interesting because we have a million votes on here but when you look at the
totals on there see that Eric.
Nice try.
We got a million 11 votes but if you add up the other ones we got a thousand and 11.
You see what I'm saying?
Why you trying to start problems?
We listen to that.
We got a million votes.
We got a million 18 votes.
April Fool we're shutting the station down at two o'clock.
Ostelevista.
The best days of my six life are in the...
I'm not going to read the poll.
I just got through a reading of the end to goose them up over the thousand.
We couldn't have done it without Zach.
I'll say to them.
Thank you.
You believe that Chris?
Definitely.
Because of him we got a million.
I'll tell you what we never got a million before.
Save that.
Print that out.
Save it for George.
Lawyers for the Greater New Light Missionary Baptist Church said yet last night that churches
fired former state representative Ron Saylor Jr. as pastor.
And we had something on the story yesterday.
Lawyers also said their hope will be able to recover the 250 grand state or obtain after
secretly mortgaging the church early last month.
There's a good chance they're going to get their money back said Ryan Lee, one of the two lawyers in the case,
Lee would not elaborate.
The lawyer spoke after a closed or meeting with more than 50 members at the church,
which is set on a heel overlooking Hamilton Road in southwestern Atlanta.
Some members brought their whole families one walk in carrying a Bible.
Asked how he was feeling Jimmy Evans, chairman of the board of Deacon said,
not well, that's why I'm here.
Lawyers instructed members not to speak with the media.
Saylor, 33, a Democrat who represented sections of the Calvin Rockdale counties,
was caught in a federal sting-wise fall when he approached a man who he believed was a drug dealer.
The man was working for federal agents.
One sayler was arrested on felony money laundry charges in December.
He agreed to provide information about other officials involved in corruption,
exchange for leniency and sentencing, and that investigation is ongoing.
After he pleaded guilty of the felony charge March 18,
sayler resigned his legislative post that night,
church leader suspended sayler.
And you know what they said?
When he walked in the door, I'll find it.
Well, they said, I'll find it, just give me a, there's what they said.
Hey, sayler!
Last week the Atlanta General Constitution reported sayler would accept an 80 grand
from a lobbyist in land deal last year.
A worried trustee checked property records from the church,
records showed that only days before he pleaded guilty in federal court,
sayler borrowed 250 grand using the church's buildings and 2.5 acre property at this collateral.
All right!
Well, he needed some of that drug money, man.
He needed a little sum of sum, you know?
Why not?
And when you're a little short on cash, like it would be like me if I wanted to go to woodbind this afternoon
and take about, you know, 100 grand in cash,
I'd have to find somewhere to locate it, right?
Mm-hmm.
You got that?
Maybe I'll have to mortgage this building.
You don't have a hundred thousand in your pocket?
Or maybe I'll mortgage the radio station, now's that sound.
Sounds good.
We got a million 44 votes.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
It's old, you know?
It's a beautiful thing.
This one is sugarcane.
Okay, let's go to shoot for daily now.
Forget a thousand.
We're going for a million votes a day.
You know, that's right.
You know something?
We're going to show these people a thing or two.
They want to play fast and loose with our emotions and like that.
We'll get a thousand if it ain't no matter what.
No matter what happens.
And so now you know what I can do?
What?
I can change the poll.
You're rid of this horse-bulb.
I mean, this great survey.
I didn't like the poll in the first place.
Now here's the second one.
Regardless of your position on the issue,
what's in these is most likely to influence your vote for president.
That's a good poll.
Mm-hmm.
You don't think?
Very good poll.
Not Israel.
I'll put the war in Iraq.
I'll put that.
There's a whole bunch of choices on there.
Drugs, Cuba, Israel, education, FCC stuff, and all that.
For I guess I should save this poll here with a million and fifteen votes and save it for posterity.
I think you frame it.
And then they'll all say, oh yeah, but it was on April fools day on the only.
Nobody believes that.
You're right.
Okay.
The bad guy on April is the new rejects.
Sportage of the 5.
Sixty-two-a-m.
The sports leader.
We got to put the economy on the wall.
The economy on the wall, fast on.
Five, six, seven, eight.
Doing it.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You say he wants to process no shine.
Well, you know.
I've heard him out.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
You gotta give your resignation well, you know.
It was gonna make that way.
Recall it all your conversation.
Now you know.
They're gonna make you pay.
Because you spent money so you could get some tail.
And you're coming as a guy with my street braille.
And the end is time to go.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye-bye.
Oh my god.
Sports radio.
Five, six, eight, WQ-A-M.
I'm gonna get a little prize for this morning.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
