The biggest names, the best talent.
You're listening to sports.
How about those passes? Happy holidays, everybody.
How about those Panthers? How about those make-believe?
No. Wow. They sucker-wow.
Big time. Ranges 5. Ranges 3.
They're GAMs present.
Wow. The Neil Roger changes to Talk to Neil.
Very Christmas.
5. The New Goat and Broke.
In other games, Cole told 3.
87775 Neil.
Or Count 560 on your AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless for Hummings.
The opinions expressed by Neil O's.
Yes, please.
College New Zealand Repu Centos of New QAM.
Come in here, but he's standing in the name of the sponsors.
Now, the New Year.
The 2560 WQAM.
Neil.
Yeah.
Seems Brittany Spears legal team has finally had enough.
Senator Hillary Clinton was truly emotional at a midday event in Dover.
Police arrive at Brittany's home, where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically,
inside a locked bathroom.
A possible breakthrough in the two-month-old brightest drive.
Roger Clemens fires back the baseball grate and ice charges of using steroids in human growth hormone.
quarterback Tony Ramos, who did not play very well against the Giants,
is getting blasted in Dallas for spending last weekend in Cabo with girlfriend and bad luck charm.
Jessy McCempson.
Brittany Spears still isn't allowed to visit her children.
Abiding for the Democratic lead, Obama and Clinton took the gloves off.
New England Patriots are going to be 180, going into the Super Bowl.
The Giants are going to the Super Bowl.
Paul de Boston Globe is so confident the Patriots will win the Super Bowl.
Their sports staff has already written a book about the team's perfect 19-0 season.
The Giants are going to the Super Bowl.
Amy Winehouse, they've tried to make it go to rehab, and now she has...
Hillary Clinton knows she has...
Oh, nice.
What the hell is that?
3.49 for a gallon of...
Oh, no!
Chicken neck!
I give her a...
Can you believe that?
Well, that's not good.
Should I try it in the other...
Sure, why not?
Oh, I'm just glad it was the CD or whatever, it's not the connection with you.
What?
Oh, God, it wasn't the connection.
Oh, no, no, no, no, that was dropping.
It's the CD.
It's skipping and puking and jumping.
Let's see.
Let me get it back to work.
It's been a long time.
It's been a long time.
Give her a nice, public life.
Let me get it back to work.
It's been a long time.
It's been a long time.
Bontery Psychiatric Hole.
Amy Winehouse, they've tried to make it go to rehab, and now she has...
Hillary Clinton knows she has to turn the time.
3.49 for a gallon of regular, unlettered gas, Tysa Record.
New York Governor, Elliott Spitzer apologizes after being linked to a major prostitution ring.
Former Beatle Paul McCartney is paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills.
Senator Hillary Clinton is backing away from her story that she came under sniper fire during a trip to Bosnia as her lady.
Richie Zambore, the lead guitarist for Bunjovia is out of jail this morning after being arrested for drunk driving.
We now know who the Democratic nominee is going to be, and no one's going to dispute it.
3 tornadoes of left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia devastated.
Miley Cyrus Topless.
If the Democratic nomination battle is supposedly over, somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton.
All right, day two of the R. Kelly Trial for anography trial.
Senator Edward Kennedy has been diagnosed with malignant brain tumor.
We're so hot, I saw Amy Winehouse smoking a crack circle.
The one week from today, Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to become the Democratic nominee.
The unveiling of the iPhone 2.0.
And these two dozen people have been hospitalized after eating contaminated raw tomatoes.
As a result of his sudden and unexpected death, he's being more like a precedent or a pope.
Tim Russell died on Friday, just 58 years old.
Triple A reinforced the average price of unleaded regular is now 4.07.
He taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the stuff we have.
Comic-Con George Carlin has passed away.
You're not the only one getting hit by high gas prices.
Vinnie Price, two can houses.
Oh no.
Oh, I'm hurting some.
Oh, he wrote black things.
Happy holidays, Neil.
But in here, I thought I salvage it.
I thought I rescued it.
Tent out.
That might be right.
Heads.
Oh, God.
Thanks, chicken neck for that fantastic copy.
There were holidays.
You know, he's probably screwing around.
So what am I going to do now?
Let's see.
Let's see if anything else on this disco play.
I'm not going to play it.
I'm not going to play it.
Hopefully Disney CEO calls Mickey for Christmas.
Maybe that'll play.
Oh, hopefully.
What?
I hope so.
Do you?
Yeah, that's long.
Three, 12.
I'll find out.
I'm at 560 WQM.
There he goes with the numbers already.
He hasn't barely sat his ass in the chair and already it's numbers mailing it in.
Hey, you should kiss the radio that we're here today.
Me in fact, Chris.
Georgia's on vacation.
None of us will be here tomorrow.
And what a treat following guilty.
Wow.
Can't you feel the excitement in the air?
Mm-hmm.
I'm surprised he was able to come in after that big win.
Yeah, after that two and nothing.
At Thomas Vokun and, oh, my God.
They don't give up any goals, the Panthers.
Any interest whatsoever?
No.
Oh, what if they make the playoffs?
Oh, yeah.
Then they'll all be jumping on the bandwagon.
Bandwagon jumpers.
We love the Panthers.
They win a lot.
Oh, yeah.
What a hockey town, man.
Anyway, the Dow's up 22 points.
That's an I start for a Christmas Eve.
And I got a few of things.
And that grade, I got a few things.
There won't be too many things during the show.
So expect a long meal it in.
Oh, how could you do that?
We're going to report you to the boss.
Ha, ha, ha.
Oh, what a bunch of overgrown children, man.
It's just amazing to me.
Estonishing, shocking.
Here's one from the fake Barry Jackass.
They came in at 1046 last night.
How do you like that?
All right.
That Barry, he's with us just around the clock, the fake Barry.
Or maybe it's the real Barry.
I don't know.
Maybe Mommy stopped packing him those salami and Swiss sandwiches.
On ride.
They're trayf, Mommy.
Barry's going to burn in hell.
It says, listening to Howard Moe right now on Sirius NFL Radio Channel 124.
He sounds great and seems like he has a sense of humor now.
Do, do, do, do.
I emailed him to ask him about the rumor that Howard Davis wants him for the ticket.
And if he'd been interested in replacing Jimmy Cifalus and returned as the voice of the dolphins.
Now that would be a good thing.
As much as, uh, what?
Yes, I know.
I'm not talking about him being on the ticket.
I'm talking about being the voice of the dolphin.
Yeah, I know. That's still a yes and no.
Why?
Well, can you remember the guy with the right names and stuff like that?
But, but at least he sounds like a broadcaster.
At least we know he's a qualified, uh, sports broadcaster who actually has done this as opposed to just another dumb jock.
Howard mentioned he still lives in South Florida and follows it off and closely.
He appreciates your keeping his name alive says the fake Barry, especially when you play those.
Well, how do you like that?
So that was the fake Barry is that really Barry?
I don't know.
How the hell do I know?
You're asking me like any email I get you could say is it the real?
How do I know?
Is it at Harold dot com?
No, it's very jackass at gmail dot com.
That would be fake.
No, not necessarily.
He may have invented that just as a way of communicating.
Because because there are a couple of the things had like emails to him from Howard Davis.
But this one's about how we're David did did did did did did did did did did.
I'm going to play all of his vets today in honor of Christmas Eve, not in Hanukkah.
All right.
To old Jews.
Moe Howard, David and old Uncle Neil or.
Whatever you prefer or the old crabby old fag.
So I wouldn't happy he'd be interested in replacing Jimmy.
So the only problem with that is that the one when he was doing the games.
I heard that Wayne hated Moe on the year doing the dolphin game.
So I would think that would be extremely unlikely since the team.
To just to just the broadcaster.
Well, remember he's on the way out soon.
Who?
Wayne.
Well, that's right.
He won't be the only one they sent.
Oh, let's get a real sportscaster on here like Moe Howard David did did it.
I'll tell you one thing.
It would be a big improvement over what you got now.
And I say you don't count me in don't give me involved in that dolphin organization.
I know your closet.
What?
I know you're a closet dolphin.
I hate the dolphins like poison.
I hope the jet score 100 points on day.
And I hope that the Patriots take care of business in Buffalo, which I'm pretty sure they will.
But Buffalo, you never know they're kind of spastic.
Although they beat Denver and Denver is so overrated my god.
They're like a little I still keep thinking of my Shanahan with those BDI's.
He looks like a crazy person.
That would be a good poll to take someday a sports poll.
Which NFL coach looks like the craziest person of all?
Well, don't forget Chuckie.
Chuckie?
Yeah, and Tampa Bay.
Chuckie is the coach of Tampa Bay.
Yeah.
You know, we always put all the sideline whenever Tampa Bay is on.
They show like the 50 million faces.
I thought that young blonde guy is the coach of Tampa Bay.
Yeah, they nicknamed them Chuckie.
I don't know that.
How the what I know that what's his name?
You don't know.
I'm trying to look it up.
I forgot to.
Oh, my God, I look it up.
Oh, what a sports fan.
What a sports maven.
I'm a sports fan.
I'm not a sports fanatic.
Well, why not?
You're working on a sports fanatic station.
A sports neurotic station.
Because I like to have a matter is on QYM.
You hear those rejoins.
Roger says, Neil, happy holidays to you.
Hope you're warm and toasties.
You say, yeah, warm and toasty inside.
In fact, it's going to be in the 40s today in reigning and melt all the snow.
Oh, hellelujah.
Oh, a happy day.
The Lord is washing away all the snow.
So we won't have a white Christmas just because he's a heartless bastard.
As you say, toasty, I'm 55 year listener.
Been listening since 1979.
My how things have changed.
You're still the best thing on South Florida radio.
Not that that says a whole lot these days.
I don't mean that is a shock just everything else sucks.
Right.
South Florida radio blows.
Hope the new year is a better for all the last day.
I don't see how you get much worse.
Maybe our new president can change things for the better.
I'll tell you that Rick Warren thing leaves a really nasty taste in my place.
I'll tell you that.
I wonder if David Duke wanted to give the invocation of the inauguration if he'd be invited.
John Gruden.
John Gruden.
That's the jerk young young coach.
He all you think he's weird.
He's got 50 million different.
That's what they call him.
Chuckie because he's not like my Shanahann.
And it's certainly nothing like Dick Jiran who looks like a ghost of a coach.
And of course, what's his name?
Who now in Bill Cower?
I always had that.
Like he wanted to kill somebody.
Look on his face.
I realize he ain't coaching right now.
Well, what all time coach looked the most crazy crazed on the sidelines.
Do you think that's a good pull for some day?
Like maybe I think so.
Maybe Friday.
It says keep my fingers crossed.
Good luck to you in years in the new year.
Like Moses.
I'm listening.
Says Roger.
There are a whole lot of these.
And we'll be playing the rack.
The ones that'll play anyway.
That really pisses me off about that first cut.
The year in review montage.
That's good stuff.
But it skips in hops and pukes and jumps.
Bad copy there by a chicken.
Pat says just wanted to tell George you knew thanks for the 14 years I've been listening in happy holidays.
I'm not a religious person I call Christmas family day.
And being with families the only part I look forward to.
You guys both make me laugh.
I'm not easily amused.
Thanks for the gift of laughter.
Well, there's one for you.
No charge.
I wish that I could reciprocate and take care of George this year.
But the economy's really taking its toll on the small time sluppers like myself.
Things change maybe next year.
Says Paz.
Paz.
Thanks Paz.
It's the pause that refreshes.
Oh, Heath Ledger's death voted top entertainment story of 2008.
Do you care about that?
Nope.
Well, let me just inform everybody he's still dead.
The biggest name.
Merry Christmas.
Happy New Year, George.
Happy New Year.
What are we doing?
Why?
A voice.
No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM
BVB Broadcast Group Incorporated.
NEOGON.
That's a happy day at Mickey Mouse's office.
Goofy speaking.
Happy Holidays, Goofy.
I am the U-2 sir.
It's Robert Eiger, president and CEO of the Walt Disney Company.
I recognize your voice.
Please, old.
Goofy.
Happy Holidays, Mr. Mouse.
Sir.
Goofy speaking.
I'm busy here.
Everything doesn't stop because lights go on the tree.
I just want to thank you for the beautiful Christmas gift.
This Rolex is amazing.
Oh, it's beautiful.
That's all I want.
Thank you so much sir.
It's way too much.
What?
No, it's all I just want to.
Let me get back to work here.
Wait, wait, wait.
Did you get my gift?
Sir.
Yeah, I wasn't going to bring it up.
Can we just not bring it up?
Sir, I don't understand.
I want to talk about it.
I thank you.
And let's leave it at that.
Wait, wait, wait.
You didn't get the gift, right?
I'm not happy.
You're not happy, sir.
I'm not happy.
Why aren't you happy, sir?
I got a car in the cake.
Right.
What happened to the lemon cake?
Well, well, sir, we...
You used to send lemon cake and everybody loved it.
Well, yes, sir, but...
Now we got caramel.
Right.
Not the same.
It's caramel, sir.
It's not the same.
Caramel cake is not lemon cake.
But, sir, we're low and I thought we just mix it up this year.
Well, we should still out of a cake decision.
You get the feedback.
Do you hear the people?
They like the lemon cake.
What do you do?
Send the caramel cake.
Sir, have you tried it yet?
I haven't tried it.
I'm too mad.
Well, sir, sir.
I don't know.
I can't do it.
Hey, as long as I got you on the phone, officer.
Yes, I hear, sir.
Well, we...
I see got nominated for a Golden Globe.
In that fantastic, what an amazing film.
He's, I hated that.
I didn't get it.
What, sir?
It's a dialogue.
Right.
The whole thing is yips and yips.
I like the first 30...
Maybe, maybe, maybe, bad guy.
You were critics wanted, sir, and it made you...
Oh, here's the other thing.
Yeah.
I see the pushing days he's just going.
Well, of course, sir.
Yeah.
I thought when I was changing that hooker and Hondas,
I told you that...
Can't do it!
Well, sir, I put the order right away, but we just had to burn the episodes.
God, I wish you'd burn them in a bell and put the car in the cake and let it.
You're telling me.
I apologize, sir.
We'll try to get that off.
A nice job on the rental thing, too.
Sir?
I just screwed that up.
I thought we were going to get that big fact.
And the good oil in 1130 slots.
Well, sir, it's him you made a deal with NBC.
Did you ever go run a nightline?
Nightline?
Yeah, of course, sir.
Who's hosting that?
Who's hosting nightline?
It's...
It's my...
I don't even recognize it.
It looks like somebody I bought a hot-bought-a-hot-bomb-a-vending card.
No, sir, that's Martin Bichier.
It's terrible!
Nobody watches 1130.
That's why it's over here.
You know what? Never mind.
The whole convocating is spun my hire.
He's upside down.
I can't depend on anything.
You think you're going to get something?
And you get something else?
I'm sorry, sir.
I mean, what?
What were you thinking?
I...
Well, it's bad and carbo.
I'm sorry.
C...
Something roll next back.
Well, at least it played anyway, right?
Yep, exactly.
I don't know if it was good or not,
because I was busy doing all this stuff.
Was it any good?
Yeah, it was pretty good.
Oh, good.
Start off a little slow, but it was, you know.
It's...
moved along.
Well, at least it killed three minutes, anyway.
10-20 at 5-60 WQM.
Let's take a look at the Christmas Eve lineup.
We got the big O-2.
Oh!
And then we got the Curtis from AdDog for a clock.
7-15 Hawaii and Notre Dame in the Hawaii Bowl.
Notre Dame is playing a bowl game?
Oh, my God.
Are you smitten me?
Well, it is Christmas, you know.
And then after that, from midnight,
we go to ESPN Radio for 100 hours.
I got some radio on a scoop here, allegedly,
from Radio Insight.
I have no idea what that website is.
It's a radio website.
Yet another smooth jazz station will bite to dust this week
as 93.9 WLV E-MIMI Beach will change formats
to Rhythmic AC.
As 93.9,
939MIA.com was registered anonymously back in November 24th,
and transferred to the Clear Channel servers yesterday.
939MIA.com.
Let me check it out.
Okay.
Okay.
It says Done and it's a blank white page.
What does that mean?
Who else?
In other words, it went there and went somewhere,
but there's nothing on it.
Well, anyway, maybe we'll see.
The New Station's website can be seen this moment
and it can't be because I checked that out.
That link.
Core artists featured on the website include Jennifer Lopez,
Prince Anne Madonna.
WLV E is currently in all Christmas music modes
that we expect their flip will take place
December 26th or right after New Year's,
says Radio Insight.
No more gloves 94.
Well, we knew that, but the rumor was,
the rumor was that they were putting IOD on FM.
All that fascist talk.
Maybe not, huh?
I guess I'll have to say.
Maybe Barry.
Maybe the fake Barry has got the real last word on that.
Because now we got conflicting rumors.
The rumor now they're going, uh, what is it?
rhythmic AC is 93.9 MIA.
Then, then, then, then, Jennifer Lopez,
Prince Anne Madonna.
Wow, I can't wait to hear that.
As Clear Channel once again just continues diddling
with the dial.
That's what they do the best.
They destroy, they burn and destroy everything in their wake.
Chronic Lawrence, as I'm here at work today,
just between you and me and the Vast Radio audience,
I too am ailing it in today.
May your bells always be jingling.
Jingle this, Lawrence.
Happy at Chanukah.
PR Ralph says John Grooten.
Well, we already had a little bit ahead of you.
Not too far ahead of you, because you had to look it up.
How embarrassing.
Well, you know, I'm sorry.
By the way, could you wish me a 51st birthday?
Happy birthday, PR Ralph.
You're also getting very annoying lately.
But anyway, happy birthday, because it's the holidays.
Here's one that says on Hanukkah,
it's the custom to eat fried foods such as lockies
and donuts to commemorate the miracle of the candles burning with oil for eight days.
That couldn't be why we like them in order for eight days, too.
Could it? Oh, it is?
Or why you like it?
I don't.
I don't participate in all these ancient rituals.
Oh, you're such a party pooper.
You probably don't even spin your dreidel.
You spin the dreidel on Hanukkah?
Chronic?
No.
No, you don't.
Well, there's actually a little bit of crap coming in here.
Not too much.
I don't want to overdo it.
I'm really pissed off about that one cut, not playing.
That's the one.
I mean, that's the one everybody wants to hear
is the year-end in Review.
The James Brittany Spears legal team has finally had a knock.
Senator Hillary Clinton was clearly emotional at a midday event in Dover.
Police arrive at Brittany's home, where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically
inside a locked bathroom.
Now, maybe I'll take the disc out and shmure it a little bit.
Maybe there's something on there, some mung.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe a chicken that cuts some fruit cake on the disc.
Oh, I see a little, a little shmure on there, but it's much later on.
Did these play from the inside to the out?
Yes.
They do?
Yeah.
So maybe that was the problem.
I just saw a shmure on there.
Give it a look at a shmure, man.
I've got these, these maxell disc cleaners from like seven years ago.
There is dry as a bone, but I'll give it a shmure with that anyway.
I can't hurt, can't it?
No, I don't think so.
No.
Dry as a bone in the desert in the Sahara.
By the way, Phoenix Cauties looks like they're going out of business.
Nice go and needle nose.
Wow.
What?
Well, it looks like they're going to move or get sold or something.
No interest in the desert in hockey, even less than South Florida that's possible.
Okay, I'll tell you what I angush mirrored it.
And what we'll do is take the break and then we'll try to play that again.
So keep trying all day long.
In fact, I think maybe that's what we'll do is we'll just keep trying to play that in both the players, both venens all day.
You're just trying to mail it in, aren't you?
Oh, is it that obvious?
Oh, let's take a look at the poll before we take the break.
Which celebrity siblings are or warrior all time favorites?
The three stooges win hands down your pants.
That's cause of bulldo-do-do.
For sure, 264.
The marks brothers 160.
God, are you people old, just like me, ancient?
The Gib brothers, the Bee Gees 53, the Beach Boys 39.
John and Joan Q. Sack 31, the Kennedy Brothers 30.
The Wayans Brothers 27, Charlie Sheen and Camillo Estevez 24.
The Carpenter's 23, Donnie and Marie 23, Peyton and Eli Manning 23, oh, brother.
The Jackson's 19.
Jeff and Bob Bridges 17, Everly Brothers 16, the Olsen Twin 16, Serena and Venus Williams 14, Owen and Luke Wilson 13 and the Hansen Brothers 10.
Everybody else is in single digits.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You know, it's in your projects.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The Fourth Leader.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the Mad Dog.
Yeah, Mandage.
Yeah, it's afternoon.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The Sports Leader.
Grab my junior, honey.
Zinge Brittany Spears legal team has finally had enough.
Senator Hillary Clinton was clearly emotional at a midday event in Dover.
Police arrive at Brittany's home where they reportedly hear her giggling hysterically.
Inside a lock bathroom.
A possible break during the two month old writers write Roger Clemens fires back the baseball great and ice charges of using steroids and human growth hormone.
quarterback Tony Ramos who did not play very well against the giants is getting blasted in Dallas for spending last weekend in combo with girlfriend and bad luck charm.
Jessi was Simpson.
Britney Spears still isn't allowed to visit her children.
A fighting for the Democratic lead Obama and Clinton took the gloves off.
New England Patriots are going to be 18 and 0 going into the Super Bowl.
The giants are going into Super Bowl.
All the Boston Globes show confident the Patriots will win the Super Bowl.
Their sports staff has already written a book about the team's perfect 19 and 0 season.
The giants.
The world is super bowl.
It's day four for Britney Spears at UCLA Medical Center on involuntary psychiatric hold.
Amy Winehouse they tried to make it go to rehab and now she has Hillary Clinton though she has to turn the time.
349 for a gallon of regular, unlettered gas, ties a record.
New York governor Elliott Spitzer apologizes after being linked to a major prostitution ring.
former Biel Paul McCartney is paying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills.
Senator Hillary Clinton is backing away from her story that she came under cyber fire during a trip to Bosnia as her lady.
Richie Zambore the lead guitarist for Bunjobi is out of jail this morning after being arrested for drunk driving.
We now know who the Democratic nominee is going to be and no one's going to dispute it.
Three tornadoes of left neighborhoods in southeast Virginia devastated.
Miley Cyrus Topless if the Democratic nomination battle is supposedly over somebody forgot to tell Hillary Clinton.
All right day two of the R Kelly trial for anography trial.
Senator Edward Kennedy has been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor.
It was so hot I saw Amy Winehouse smoking a crack circle.
One week from today Barack Obama hopes to have enough delegates to become the Democratic nominee.
The unveiling of the iPhone 2.0 at least two dozen people have been hospitalized after eating contaminated raw tomatoes.
As a result of his sudden and unexpected death he's being mourned like a precedent or a Pope Tim Russell died on Friday just 58 years old.
Triple A reinforce the average price of unleaded regular is now four oh seven.
He taught us what we can't say on television and where we should put all the stuff we have.
Common icon George Carlin has passed away.
You're not the only one getting hit by high gas prices.
Many prostitution houses are also hurting.
Some media reports had suggested A rod may be romantically linked with singer Madonna.
330 active wildfires in California and thousands of homes are threatened although not really as many homes as threatened by countrywide.
More triple Aces the national average for unleaded regular is about four eleven a gallon.
And has your voice has agreed to a fifty two billion dollar takeovers mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are getting help from the Treasury Department of bailout.
Amp Canine cuisine will be off limits at some restaurants during next month's Olympic Games in Beijing.
General Motors is in trouble.
Brett Farve says he doesn't feel welcome in Green Bay.
And Angelina Jolie news and the baby twins will they finally less the hospital in these france over the weekend.
Senator John McCain is jumping all over Obama.
Former presidential hopeful John Edwards is now responding to a tabloid report that he had an affair.
Edwards says this is simply not true.
You're not allowed to streak in Beijing for the Olympics.
Federal investigators wants to know what Marricade Ashley knows about the depth of her friend Heath Ledger.
One of the most important qualities in the next press in the United States is to be very very very old.
The woman John Edwards says he had to fair with is refusing to have a paternity test on her young child.
Women's phenom Michael Feltz quest for perfection.
I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
David DeCutney has voluntarily checked himself into a rehab facility for sex addiction.
You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
Donald Lefontein, who was arguably the best voiceover guy ever has passed away.
Tom Reddy got yet right on the knee.
You can put lipstick on a pig. It's still a pig.
United Airlines is doubling its speed to check a second bag on domestic flight.
Clayagan makes the most unsurprising announcements in years.
Yep, I'm gay.
McCain doesn't think the current bailout proposal will pass.
We're a couple of Mavericks. Gosh, darn it.
Obama has his first clear lead over John McCain.
Paul Lumin's legacy will live on for years.
The Dow dropped on the 780 points.
The race moves on to the world series to take on the Philadelphia Philly Surripale and going rogue.
Governor Sarah Pailin is still defending herself over the $150,000 war drove the Republican National Committee border.
And CNN cannot project a Barack Obama.
Forty-seven years old will become the president, elect of the United States.
You know, the challenges that tomorrow will break.
Are the greatest of our lifetime.
Leaders from the big three automakers were back on Capitol Hill today working to secure a massive bailout.
The American giant star receiver, Plexgo Burris, is being charged with a crime after shooting himself in the leg.
He's a deadly face-off in Mumbai, India continues to unfold.
Las Vegas judge Jackie Glass rejected since in apology and sentenced him up to 33 years in prison.
Nationwide average for a gallon of regular and littered is now $1.72.
Oprah Winfrey opens about recent weight gain.
Michael Jackson's famous littering glove is going on the auction block.
The House has passed the big three auto bailout bill.
The economy is so bad. It's not an ad today for the new Trump trailer park. That's so bad.
Yeah.
Or as my mother used to say, it's a goi-sure belt.
Anyway, it's 1036. I did a great job.
Didn't I? Let's hear it for a few days. Did I do good? You cleaned it up nicely.
I hung on Gashmier did. It had a shmier on it. That's all it was.
You could see it with like a thumbprint. It was like a mong.
So anyway, it was worth it. In fact, that was so good. I might play that like every hour, you know?
All right.
Another place. It kills over six minutes. It's great. And what about a hundred years gone by?
We could segue that one with a hundred years gone by.
That one I think is eight minutes. Let me check. I know they don't want to hear that. They hate it.
819. Oh, bean. 819.
I don't mind that one personally. So it's like whatever.
Oh, and I get complaints about that. Well, I get complaints about anything.
We can't play about everything though. Right. Chris Matthews bits, the Mickey eyes and your bits, no matter what it is.
No complaints yet so far today. Thank God. It's Christmas Eve. How could anybody be that cranky to be complaining on Christmas Eve?
I think the fact that we are here today, me and fact, Chris, I think that's like our gift to the audience.
Correct. Because we sure as hell can't afford anything else. I sure can't. Oh my God.
Barry says this story appeared in today's Orlando Sentinel.
A 27 year old Daltona woman told a 30 she bid her husband's penis because she didn't want to have sex with him.
Charis Bowers was arrested Saturday accused of misdemeanor battery. A judge said a set her free Sunday without bail.
Her husband Dulou Bowers wouldn't comment Dulou D.E. L.O.U.
Give her her name Dulou. Nope.
According to Valuesia County Sheriff's report, the couple have been to a bar frighten that the incident occurred home after.
Maybe a little bit too much juice at the bar.
She bid her husband's penis. Well, that's a good way to make sure you're not going to have sex, especially if you bite it really, really hard.
Not severing it, but like really close. You know, I mean, yeah, you know.
Here's one from the guy that sent me this guy so confused. He sent me and I thank him profusely by the way, the thing about love 94.
And then he says the rumor I heard was I.O.D. was supposed to move to 103.5.
Oh.
So that that's also going to take place. I don't know. See, I don't even know what those stations are anymore.
Oh, you're so out of touch. Well, guess what? If I were sitting right there, I wouldn't be listening to him anyway.
And who the hell is and who would want to?
Ken from Naples says I'm a high school teacher who first found your program back in the Zedadays when I started a job in Miami.
Now I'm a lawyer listener mostly through the podcast design out teach in Naples, more fundamentalist and redneck than you can imagine.
My inspiration to dash off a brief email this morning is threefold to wish you George and Chris are very happy and healthy new year.
It's one of those rare cases I get to listen live and the appearance of a story by Jank Eugur at the top of the stories.
It's possible that I want to my community case way back and that I appointed you toward the common dreams website.
I now hope you know about Jank's young turkshow on his website.
It's broadcast the next morning on Sirius, the young turks.com.
My two daily podcast download our your show and the young turkshow three hours plus the post game.
I listen to the young turkshow from the night before when working and the stuff after school then promoted download and listen to your show in the evening.
Well, this Ken is busy guy.
I'll see you used to use their coverage of the primaries conventions and election night over any of the cable networks.
Anyway enough of that. Yes, I agree. We've survived the Bush-Chainy lies and mistakes and hopefully 2009 will be the beginning of a tough struggle back since Ken from Naples.
All the best you can happy holidays and let's pray for the best.
Get on our knees and pray to somebody. How about praying to.
Oh God might as well.
Oh, the grace of the good Lord.
Yeah, that's not about Ken. There was a nice email from Ken.
Wasn't it? Yes, it was in Naples. No less.
Naples maybe go over there and do a number on the beesleys and Joyce for the holidays.
Let's rejoice. What do you say?
Neil also that website 93.9 Miami was working yesterday, but they took it down as soon as the radio inside news piece leaked.
Oh, I see. Well, somebody was able to get on it. I guess.
Right? Adam and South Carolina sends one. We'll print that one out.
Wouldn't it be something if we got like a whole bunch of emails? They yesterday was fabulous.
I have to commend the audience highly for their even the noodnicks yesterday.
We had good noodnicks, didn't we?
Paul is saying what does that mean? What does that mean?
972 on the pole when we get to a thousand, we're going to put off the one for whatever for whenever you want to dittle with it.
The biggest name. The best.
You know, there's no rejects.
4.30.560 Q.A.M.
The fourth.
So you're here.
Or you're the hell out of me there.
No way.
Keep it tight there. Keep it tight.
Tubby.
Yeah, I'll miss you.
I do right.
Please, enough talking.
Some perfect unzipped is why to get serviced by a guy standing in the bathroom stall.
He'll stick his jug right through the wall.
Glow.
Reho.
We know what knows your name.
You're looking for the glory hose.
Why would someone do this deed to revamp you a deceit?
Why not meet guy's face to face instead of such a stingy place.
Glow.
Reho.
I know what knows your name.
Wow.
I know.
Emotional for the holidays.
14.40.560 W.Q.A.M.
Quit sending me stuff about lockers.
I'm a polishing for potato lockers.
Do you ever have them?
I don't believe so.
Really?
Yep.
Well, if corkies were still in business, they would bring some in, some brisket and potato lockers like they used to.
But they're no more.
No more corkies.
No more anything.
All the delis are gone.
That's because all the Jews are gone.
All the old Jews died.
There's about how many Jews left in South Florida?
About 30, man.
And they all live in Boka.
Couple in sunrise lakes.
Oh.
And that's it.
In the world of competitive eating furious peat chowenskies is to lockies with the unstoppable 1998 Yankees were to baseball.
None of the other 10 contestants who came to Lake Grove for yesterday's national potato lock eating championship should have stood a chance.
Chowenskie, a six foot two muscle packed Canadian down 46 lockies and was still licking applesauce from his stubble when the eight minute contest ended.
Will Millen, there were 380 pond Brooklyn Community College student came in second with 29 lockies.
Chowenskie's demolition of about seven pounds of potato pancakes thoroughly eclipsed the lockies consumed by Tom Goose Gilbert of Massachusetts in 2006.
And as a new world records that Arnie Chapman chairman of the Association of Independent Competitive Eaters, which sanctioned the event at Zanz Deli in New York.
For Chowenskie's been eating competitively for about a year ranges ranges moved the game last night lost no time ranges.
For Chowenskie's been eating competitively for about a year and a shot to the top of the AIC ratings.
That's the Association of Independent Competitive Eaters.
The win was a textbook case at beginners look.
He said he had never even eaten a locky before. How do you like that?
I'm just a power eatery said my brain never signals that I'm full said Chowenskie 23 a mechanical engineering student.
Chowenskie took home 300 bucks for most contestants that competitive eating is more about fun than about the money.
How do you like that? Boy, talk about a pig. A real horker.
Seven pounds of potato lockies. I'd tell you if they're really good, I could probably do it too.
I love potato pancakes. You never had them, huh? What are you guys? I guess I have had them once or twice.
Thinking about it. Where was that? We here at some deli.
No, I think someone brought some in here one time, one first month, I was on the show.
9.81 on the pole. Let me know when we get to a thousand. I'll change it and put the other one on there.
Okay, we're not really here today. It's all automated. It's all I don't know.
Make up anything you want. They'll believe it.
That's what the politicians say. Make up any crap you want. They'll believe it. And they do.
Just like all those religious figures. Oh my God.
What is this? Phone fart pulls in nearly a ten thousand bucks a day.
Oh, we got to get on the phone fart thing. Maybe we can't fart on the air, but we can fart on the phone.
What do you think? Oh, little raspberry. Sorry.
It's the holidays. You know what really cracks me up?
What's that? What's that? What's that? It's depressing, actually, is that every year at this time,
the people who celebrate Hanukkah and Christmas, whatever they, you know, whatever they celebrate, they assume that all of us do.
And there are some of us who don't. And this makes us like evil or party poopers or anything like that.
It's just that it's not a time of year that has any significance to me or a lot of other people.
Oh, no, that's not. That can't be true, Neil.
You evil, doer.
Here's one from Kevin who says, Apple's app store is currently experiencing a plague of fart applications.
Last week I detailed one day in which at least 14 new fart apps were accepted into the store.
And now just in a quick search, it looks like there are about 50 apps.
I'll dedicate it to making fart noises on your iPhone.
Classy, I know about why are there so many, it says.
Because apparently there's big money in fart apps, nearly 10 grand a day for the most popular ones.
Developer Info Media, which makes iFart mobile iTunes link, has been releasing downloads for each day since it launched.
The 99 set applications have been in the top 100 paid apps every day since it's launched and it's seen great growth.
In fact, yesterday hit the number one overall position with over 13,000 downloads.
Mac rumors ran the numbers, factoring out about the 30% at cut Apple takes from each sale.
And determined that yesterday alone iFart mobile made its developers over 9 grand.
Certainly a part of the onslaught of fart apps is that Apple, which had previously rejected all crude apps, changes policy to let them in.
If it's good enough for Apple, it should be good enough for Joyce, what do you say?
Not, I agree, bitch.
But now that they glimpse the potential for big business and fart apps, expect even more to come.
Of course not all fart apps are going to make it to the number one paid app position, but a number of them are doing well.
Personally, I prefer pull my finger iTunes link, but it's hard to argue with iFart's mobile icon, which simply reads best fart app.
How do you like that? They're farting on the internet.
Not on QAN though. Oh no, we can't do that because Joyce, our corporate attorney says, yeah, corporate attorney, my ass.
Well, you know, or three no fart sounds anymore.
You play it. What?
You play it when you're sure.
We just need to play it tomorrow.
Yeah, sure. Don't play it, Jesse. Don't let him suck you into it.
Don't let him talk you into it, Jesse.
You better, now what are they going to be doing playing a lot of bits and stuff I assume?
No, it's just going to be playing bits like a kind of an almost like, you know, a bit coming back and then it's going to be talking.
Talking what?
Talking what? Oh, to each other, I guess.
Well, yeah, there'll be some calls. You'll see.
Although I don't know if our regulars are going to be their friends.
You know, I'm your friend because they don't know who those guys are, but they will be.
Everybody's friend, right?
If you're on the air, they're your friend.
Right.
Here's one from Barry.
Now, this is typical.
I don't want to get sour on Christmas Eve.
But this is so typical. Barry says, a hundred years gone by, sucks the big one.
George sucks the big one. You're great. The Mickey bits are great.
I can listen to them all day. And most of the other stuff you do is great.
I'll tell you what, Barry, why don't you, I'll send you a list of things that I'm thinking about playing today.
And I'll let you censor and pick and choose which ones you think are great and which ones you think suck.
God, that right there is the epitome.
Yep.
Of what it's all about, the epitome is Edward Murrow said.
As he was gagging and choking on a faggot.
Long cancer, man, all your people spoke those damn faggots.
First of all, they're too expensive.
And secondly, they'll kill you.
Emphasyma, lung cancer.
All of these things.
Adam and South Carolina says, I hope this doesn't make me a chronic emieler, but I had to report this.
This won't bring a tear to your eye, Tubby.
I was driving home early from work listening to some fill-in host on the local sporting news radio affiliate this morning.
I knew the thick New York accent sounded familiar, turns out Stu Gotts from 790 was doing a national show from the studios across the street from QAM.
He told the national audience, if we talk a lot of dolphins football today, it's because my co-hosts, the top rated afternoon show in Miami with Harold Ryder, Dan LeBasterd.
At that point, I pulled over and puked out of both ends of my body.
I guess the business model in radio these days is to saturate the country with the crappiest talent while silencing the best broadcasts in the name of a buck.
They'll let them screw you, Neil.
I love all of your bits, especially the ones you plan Christmas.
Happy Chinooka from Adam and South Carolina.
Well, happy whatever you're celebrating.
It says the subject was speaking of bad radio.
Stu Gotts, that unspore radio.
They must throw him in the bar, though.
He co-hosts the afternoon show with Dan LeBasterd in Miami.
What we do is Stu Gotts, you're still upputs, okay?
You're still upputs.
When he was on this station, I told him you don't belong.
I didn't tell him.
I just didn't have the heart.
But I said all the time, he doesn't belong on the air.
He didn't belong on the air.
Then he doesn't belong on the air.
Oh, yeah, but they're like a big number.
And you have to know, well, good, good, good, he come drop.
Good for them.
And of course, this station continues vanishing from the airwaves.
It's like a Crescan.
It's like a magic trick.
I'm not really a fan of LeBasterd, but I'm sure you'd get a bigger number
if he didn't have Stu Gotts.
Hold on down.
Really?
Oh, he's that good, huh?
Neil, there are tons of Jews left.
As a matter of fact, statistics show that Adventurers got the most Jews for a square mile of any city in the world
since Adventurers so densely populated.
Also, you can get good luck as many places in my mind, including Epicure.
Well, I'm not in Miami and I'm going to Epicure.
Although, I love Epicure.
God, do I love it.
Oh, here's one.
It's too small to read from off the monitor.
Okay, so I'll print it out.
Very laid back today.
It's Christmas Eve.
Don't get all excited.
Just relax.
I'm telling you, the people here, I'm sure it's the people everywhere are crazy.
They are running around like chickens with their head cut off.
They are crazy.
The driving is a thousand times worse than usual.
And I forget what day it was when it snowed like a son of a bitch.
And my cabbie is driving me back here from Woodbine.
And we saw two women driving way too fast in the snow.
And both of them spun around and luckily for both of them, nobody was next to him.
And they came to rest facing the wrong way against the snowbank.
Wow.
I don't want to say women can't drive.
But you know what?
Well, here it doesn't make any difference.
Men and women.
Nobody can drive here.
They drive for crap.
That's one thing I'll say.
Driving itself out of Florida is a nightmare.
Toronto a thousand times worse.
A billion.
Everybody drives.
Even the Chinese.
No speaking English.
How can you drive when you can't read the damn signs?
Joe says, sorry if this is a duplicate from last week.
Thunderbird had this in my drafts.
I had to find a new way to listen to your show.
They restrict our net usage of working radio.
I get nothing but RF interference.
I got new Windows Mobile smartphone though.
Didn't he tell us this last week?
For those who have Windows Mobile phone, I suggest opera mode browser
on the new Skyfire browser.
I can't read this.
It's chopped off.
Skyfires and Windows Mobile browser based on Firefox and
Place Flash animation through beta.
Pocket Internet Explorer blows worse than the desktop version.
Also the Core Media players universal.
Oh, God.
Hope this helps listeners who can't listen to work says Joe.
Well, thanks Joe, but I can't read this.
It's chopped off.
Plus it makes no sense to me.
What do I know?
The biggest name.
The best talent.
This is the new Roger.
Forty-field five sixty QAM.
The fourth lead.
This is the new Roger show.
Rock, rock, rock, rock solid.
This is your brain.
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, I love you I'm
laughing, I love you I wanna, I love you stillспas
If you don't come this year, it's gonna make me blue.
Give me some gifts and I'll be happy.
Just to get them from you.
Give me, give me a bunch of Christmas presents.
Because Santa Claus, I love you.
Happy a good little boy this year.
Merry Christmas.
It is our holy day for Christians.
They celebrate the birthday of a Jew.
Give me, give me a bunch of Christmas presents.
Because Santa Claus, I love you.
Because Santa Claus, I love you.
It is one way to get attention.
It's like going to a political rally and having people yell at you.
It's like driving down the street and having people not gesturing with all five fingers.
It was almost Christmas time.
A really poor I don't have a dime.
I'm not in the Christmas mood.
My pay raise is long overdue as I looked in front of me.
I saw George Bush on the TV.
I went to the mall now this is true.
I had to go and buy this George some shoes.
Exilarating.
I'm fed up and I have a real good aim.
Exilarating.
Obama says it's not much time.
George, you gotta go.
Tonight, who proves his shoe?
Honestly, you find like a woman.
Exilarating.
I'm not a terrible pet.
You can only zero.
So what if we got to a shoe end?
It's one way to get attention.
It's like driving down the street and having people not gesturing with all five fingers.
That's what happens in the free society.
People try to draw attention to themselves.
It's a way for people to draw attention.
I don't know what the guy's cause is.
But one thing is for certain.
I didn't feel the least bit threatened by him.
You've been broke by an internship that your ratings are dying.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to you.
And how?
You can fight somebody good enough to fill my heavy pants.
It ain't easy.
Very no chance.
I love to be coming back.
Outside of considering a lucrative and counteract.
If you want to know, I'll say it from shutting them transmitted to ground.
Why?
That's easy.
I'm sure.
What?
All you need is smoke.
What?
All you need is smoke.
I love that one.
All you need is a shock.
It's a blow.
I love your dreams.
I love your dreams.
I think you're all dreamt lots only that you did, dang.
I said my ratings have bottomed out in this state.
Which radio has the rebounding door to the day is the lowest as we did.
All you need is smoke.
Now take it and you're all dreamt lots only that you did, dang.
All you need is smoke.
All you need is a shock.
It's a blow.
I love your dreams.
Twidle away something.
Checked they get it.
Oh, grey station.
불�roll.
Bueno, I love you.
Let' Especially love you.
Love you God, I love you too.
No one possible finds, no way!
Villa, la developers, other animals around the world are all miles away,
so, degrees of hell.
Long- table slangs go down,
rumors from somebody else. Well, I guess that would be the ultimate
capitulation in their part. They've resisted and resisted.
Put him on here. Wouldn't that be great? Oh, hallelujah, please, from your ass to our ear.
Wouldn't that be great? I think it would be kind of funny. The molemeister. We can get more bits again.
Various says, why is it a problem for you if someone has an opinion? You're always asking people to
email you. If you don't want the email, just don't read it on the air. If you don't like it. Just like
you tell people not to listen if they don't like your show. I wasn't telling you what your
shooters shouldn't play. I just gave my opinion on what I like. See, what you don't understand
very is that not everybody's going to like every bit that we play, okay? But the constant harping
on the Mickey bits and the this one and that. Well, what's the point? I mean, you can say whatever
you want. I read it on the ear and I'm reading this one too. When you play a hundred years gone by,
Jordan or George's on I change the channel. It's no big deal. I'd rather listen to you.
Okay, well, I'll just be on here all the time. 24, 7. How's that, Barry? You can have all the
opinions you want. It's just that when they when they they just don't get it. We don't like that one
and that one really sucks and that one blows everybody in the audience, give an opinion on every bit
that we play and then then we can sort it all out. In fact, I got a good idea. It'll kill the whole
next five years and a week. You know what that is? What's that? We'll play will we'll have a pool on
every bit in the DCS. You know what I mean? I don't like that one. Or every drop in like, okay,
that's great. I have my junior, honey, like that. And we'll take the whole day and we'll have a pool
on each bit. Just relax, Barry. Happy holidays to you. Whatever your name is.
Kathy says is anyone told you that on Jimmy's syphilis and show on 610 this morning, they had
Santa Claus in on a call in line. No, nobody told me that. I'd be too depressed.
They were taking calls from kids who want to talk to Santa. Hey kids, the resident of Santa, it's a lie.
It's for fun, I guess, but it's a lie. It's for commercial purposes. It's to help everybody
make money. And this year, boy, we got to make some money. Oh, God. Kathy says I couldn't stand to listen
a bunch of it, but I tuned back in this supposed Santa was going on about being good for mommy and
Danny all year to these kids. And if you're wondering why I was over there, FM Radio refuses to play
music before 9am. And he's supposed progressive station in town. W Y and Z has got I'm a son in
the morning, that right wing toad. This morning, I was sick of hearing them bitch in the media being
in love with Obama calling them as bad as probda. They had the nerve to say, what if the Bush
Cheney administration had said they check themselves out, concerning a legal investigation. And I was
all I could do not to shout out. What do you think we've had for late eight years on the bus?
Shout it out, Kathy. So I tuned back and forth between 610 640 and 790 just has something to listen to.
Have a great holiday. You too, Kathy. Wow. So Santa was talking to the kids on Jimmy Stifleus this
morning. I sure hope it was the right wing Santa. You know, um, Bob and Naples says I have family
and friends who live in cemetery village in West Palm. And I promise you, there are way more than
30 Jewish folk living there. More like 30,000. 30 million. Kind of reminds me of Jolopy Derby. Jolopy Derby.
All those 80 and 90 year olds Jolopy. Is that how you spell Jolopy JALO PY? Yep. I don't know. It is. Yep.
All these 80 and 90 year olds who learn their aggressive driving in New York City and make
an exciting place to visit. It's his Bob and Naples. Well, thanks Bob. So happy to look at all the Zold Yiddla.
Speaking of Jew is Scott. Where the hell is Scott? Oh, he's over on the West Coast. He says,
Chuckie is John Grooton and they market the crap out of that resemblance. They repackage child's
play dolls and make money from it. The media here kisses his ass if he farts its perfume.
Says Scott and Pinellas Park. Go pay for it. He's in native Bostonian. PS My Electric Minoras
peeing off the Redneck neighbors pissing off the Redneck neighbors. For just a second there,
I wasn't sure if we could say it's pissing off the neighbors. We can say that.
As long as it's pissing off and not just playing off. Correct. Dave from Cooper City says,
Neil, it's been great listening to the old Bits calls and experiences on your show this week.
One of my favorite holiday ones is when you attended. I believe your last company Christmas party,
the Triple Crans Cross Ranch in Davy. Yet, that was a Bob Green special. You were cold. A smell of
horse manure was unbearable and you had to sit on hay. No, I didn't sit on hay. I pass by
there every morning on my way to work and sometimes I start laughing hysterically. You enjoy
to provide to us with great entertainment. Continue to do so no matter what a few jerks have to say.
Chris, you begin employee of the year. Take the money. Not the stupid pin. Neil will explain.
They don't even do that anymore. They're so cheap. They used to have the employee of the month.
And you can either take a 25 bucks or whatever the money was. I forget how much or a pin.
If you took the money, then they were they swore they would never give it to you again. But they did.
I got it a couple times. I take the money. Yeah, that's right. They can take the pin and stick
themselves back home. That's right. Happy holidays and go passes Dave from prestigious Cooper City.
The biggest name. The best talent. This is Neil Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM. The fourth leader.
The big name. The best talent. It's the big O or Landu Elzogari.
afternoon to the fourth. Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports here. New York God.
Dad dead dead. Someday will all be dead.
The minute we're born we start dying. We die a little more every day.
Young or old, Richard, poor. There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So to look long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you see.
Decorate your house in green and red. Because someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead.
Oh right.
Dead dead dead. Someday will all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into bed.
That you think hard for your family. Because someday there'll be dead.
Oh dead dead dead. Someday there'll be dead.
Dead dead dead. Someday will all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas's are left in their short life.
Nobody knows. That's my point. Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings fool your head.
What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead. Someday will be dead.
Dead dead dead. Everyone you know.
Dead.
Oh very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead dead dead.
Merry Christmas everybody.
No one embodies the holiday spirit better than Gordon Lightfoot.
Uh, really you bet.
And now Gordon Lightfoot takes his best known song,
The Wreck of the Edmund Fitzgerald,
and gift wraps it around your favorite tarols to create his new holiday album,
Gordon Lightfoot Sincs Christmas.
Yes, Gordon Lightfoot is coming to town with a sleilot of songs like this.
It's Gordon Lightfoot Sincs Christmas,
and you'll want to beat him like a drum when you hear his rendition of the little drummer boy.
Who can they tell me,
for a bump, a bump, a bump,
playing a boy in king to see,
for a bump, a bump, a bump,
Gordon Lightfoot has compiled the holiday music collection,
you'll wish would sink to the bottom of Lake Superior.
Dead for ahold with thousands,
Holy Pala!
Your friends and family will pray for a silent night.
When you put on, Gordon Lightfoot sinks Christmas.
Was the night of all Christmas.
The whole house was mellow, not a creature was there in, because I had my gun under the
pillow.
When I bought the roof, I heard something loud.
I'm so ready to go.
Yelp, yelp, keep it down!
When what's my wanderer and I should appear,
but the dawn of all elves,
and a friggin' reindeer,
with a slap to the snouts,
and a yank on the man's.
You curse any shout, it leads me,
and he calls my name.
Yotoni, your Frankie, your Joey, your Vito,
a boy, a Vanny, a Racco, a Guido.
With slit-backed black hair,
and a red silk suit,
Don Christopher was here, and he brought the loot.
As I drew out my gun, and hid by the bed,
he flew through the window,
and slapped me upside the head.
What the hell you think, you're a gun on the thorn?
No, all you get in his call, you friggin' moron.
Then point in a finger, right up my nose.
He twisted his pinky ring, and up the chimney he rolled.
Then I hoid him yellow,
what I least expected.
Mary friggin' Christmas the world,
and his battleshells from respect.
It's 1121 at 560 WDQM,
and the idiots just continue spewing out.
Here's the email from a Mama B about Jews and South Florida.
Do these people have any sense of humor at all?
No.
Good God.
Neil, it's a bit ironic you said there were no Jews left in South Florida.
Truth is quite the opposite.
They'd Broward Palm Beach,
now have the second highest concentration of Jews in the country.
I always assume that was the main reason you disliked it there.
Right.
Oh my God.
Can you believe that?
Mm-hmm.
So many stupid people in so little time.
So many morons.
Yeah, I don't like it there.
There's too many Jews.
Tim and Miami says one explanation for the talk about moving WIOD screen programming
to 93.9 FM is their current use of the HD2 side of 93.9's digital radio signal,
source WIOD and Wikipedia it says.
With so few options for digital radio receivers,
how does the industry government expect digital radio to take off as Tim?
Doing personal research, I only found digital radio installed in high-end stereo receivers.
Since according to XMN series, no one listens to terrestrial radio anymore.
It's hard to make the case to sell digital radio receivers installed in car stereo systems.
XMN series learned how difficult it was to hone in on home listeners.
I predict the next new thing in radio listening will be 3D just don't tune in while driving.
So it's Tim and Miami.
Yeah.
I changed the poll while you weren't paying any attention.
I just saw.
Already ten votes.
Here's the final we got.
How much do we have in the first one thousand?
We had at least a thousand.
It's a thousand on the die right now.
All right.
Which celebrity siblings are or were you all time favorites?
Well, what do you mean right now?
Is it going to change?
Well, sometimes people might have had the poll up at the end.
Get out of here.
Come on, Tuppy.
You're just trolling for more votes is what you're doing.
You're not fooling me.
Which celebrity siblings you're all time favorite?
Three's do just 282.
The Mars Brothers 173.
I'm going to read the whole list.
It'll take till midnight.
The Bee Gees, the Gibb Brothers 54.
The Brothers Gibb.
The Beats Boys 41.
John and Joan Q. Sack 33.
The Kennedy Brothers 31.
The Wayans Brothers 27.
Eli and Peyton Manning 25.
Charlie Sheen and Emilio Estevez 25.
Emilio is a little strange.
Jesus, do you think he's a little strange?
I think he was okay.
Yeah.
Now he's kind of gotten a little weird.
He's weird.
Strange.
Carpeters 23.
Donnie and Marie 23.
The Jackson's 19.
The Olsen twins 19.
Jeff and Bob Bridges 17.
The Everly Brothers 16.
Don and Phil.
Boy, did they give me a thrill?
Hmm.
Serena and Venus Williams 14.
Owen and Luke Wilson 13.
The Hanson Brothers 11.
Then the Somerandi Quaid 9.
Joseph and Ashley Simpson 9.
James Arneson Peter Graves 9.
Perissan Nikki Hilton 9.
Jane and Peter Fonda 8.
Liam and Noah Gallagher of Oasis 8.
Brittany and Jamie Lynn Spears 8.
Donnie and Mark Wahlberg 8.
Justin and Jason Bateman 8.
The Baldwin Brothers 8.
Julian Eric Robert 7.
Silvestre and Frank Stallone 6.
Prince William and Prince Harry 6.
Chris and Rich Robertson and Black Crow's 5.
Joaquin River and Summer Phoenix 5.
And Landers and Dear Abby 5.
Shirley McLean and Warren 85.
David and Sean Cassidy got 4.
The guy with the eyes finally voted 4 times.
Hillary and Haley Duffour.
Nick and Drew LaShay 3.
From 96 degrees.
The Jonas Brothers got 3.
Wow.
Can you believe that?
Did you vote 3 times?
I didn't vote at all.
I didn't vote for the Jonas Brothers.
I voted for the Everly Brothers, Mr.
You better get your brother straightened out.
Joan Fontaine will live you to have one in 3.
Keith and David Caradine Caradine 3.
Dindine.
Jake and Maggie Gillinhal 3.
Audrey and Jane Meadows 2.
Nick and Erin Carter 2.
Which one's got the Tony?
Hey Nick.
You're fairie.
The Archette Brothers and Sisters 2.
John and Ellen Travolta 1.
Robin Chadlow 1.
And no votes out of 1,000 votes.
Nobody voted for Kelly and Jack Osborne.
Or Ken and Ben and Casey Affleck.
Nobody voted for poor Ben.
Hey Ben.
You're fairie.
Out of 1,000 votes.
Not too shabby, huh?
Too bad at all.
You're almost think we were...
See now we have 1,000 and 1 votes on it.
What biggest name?
Almost like fast talent.
You know his new projects.
Sport like you'll 5.
60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Oh, the sports leader.
Unbelievable.
Nice going, clearance.
Good.
Trap pulled under shoppers 3D feats.
Get out of my way, you pervert.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Poor Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
Every year we travel, we track.
All she wanted was a player.
Congratulations.
You've ruined Chris more than the DVD she owned.
Merry Christmas.
Kiss my ass.
But when those faithful doors hung open.
Well, the normal.
She was stepped on and banged up straight to the bone.
Grandma's now wiped out of action.
In a hospital she sits.
Half her body is in traction.
And she even needs a nurse to take us.
Take us.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Eat it off.
Trap pulled under shoppers 3D feats.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Poor Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Trap pulled under shoppers 3D feats.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Poor Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
Hello operator, give me the number for 9-1-1.
Merry Christmas everybody.
What's your ass?
Okay, let me turn to you two.
I'll tell you those rejoins just keep getting worse and worse and worse and start rejoins.
Hey, happy holidays clearance, you idiot.
Well, you want another good news?
Yes.
Lee heard that so we come over here to see exactly what that was.
Yeah.
So he's going to go through the log and make sure that type of stuff's not happening.
Oh, Lee relax.
Okay, on the holidays, just relax.
I know it's for going, but calm down.
Thanks Lee.
There's a one person in the building who cares about this show.
Clarence.
Little raspberry for the holidays for your clearance.
So I changed the poll.
We got 28 votes on the new poll.
We got to add to this.
We have no kids.
Okay, or just put don't have kids.
I mean, there's a million other things you could put on here, but what is the gift your kids are pressing you for this Christmas?
Nintendo Wii has got seven new cars six PlayStation 3 6, spend Christmas a Disney to some other pet to Xbox 360 to HDTV 1.
Dog one.
I'll get a little dog.
Motorize miniature motorcycle one expensive clothing non-expensive watch non kitty cat none.
No kitty kitty cat.
Kids might nuke it.
Wouldn't that be cute?
It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas.
My friends won't let me join in any game.
And I can't see Christmas on the decorator Christmas tree or leave water out for Rudolph.
Cause there's something wrong with me.
My people don't believe in Jesus Christ is in a king.
I'm a Jew.
I lonely Jew.
I'm Christmas.
I'm a Jew.
On a cow is nice but why is it?
The set of hats over my house every year.
And instead of eating ham I have to eat for your life.
Instead of siren night I'm singing slow house don't copy.
And what the fuck is up with lighting all these fucking candles tell me please?
I'm a Jew.
I lonely Jew.
I can't be married.
Cause I need room on Christmas.
I'm a Jew.
Hey little boy I couldn't help but here.
You're feeling left out of Christmas cheer.
And I've come to say that you shouldn't be sad.
This is the one month that you should be glad.
Cause it's nice to be a Jew on Christmas.
You don't have to deal with the season.
No.
You have to be on your best behavior or give to charity.
You don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family.
I don't have to do I so they can't as bad as I'm ready to think you have for me.
That's right you're a Jew.
I'm styling you.
It's a good time to be a Jew on Christmas.
Oh Christmas.
Rock and roll historians digging in the childhood home of Jim Morrison.
Recently uncovered tapes of a legendary singer no one knew existed.
And now you can experience a Jim Morrison Christmas.
I heard the reindeer hoos.
He's coming down the blue.
He's got some gift for you.
Santa's on the roof.
Here's the chance to lift your spirits in this joyous season with the melancholy sounds of one of the most depressing artists in rock history.
Yeah, but just not throsed in.
All the family toastings.
I'm dying out the air.
We're most high as a kind.
Another family is by.
It's the lizard king at his most festive.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
A Jim Morrison Christmas.
It's the CD that proves the ULTIVE season is still alive.
Even if he isn't.
Since the View Sovereign of Campaign this is take 9.
Hey, hey, hey.
Wayne, Wayne, that's your cue.
Oh, right.
Anytime you're ready.
We're ready, Wayne.
Oh, hi.
This is Dwayne's dump of Black Tooth, telling you.
If you do drugs this weekend, don't drive.
Wrong again, Dwayne.
It's don't do drugs.
Don't do drugs.
That's what it said.
Oh, it's not.
It's not even close to what you said.
You coming this booth I showed you how close it was, sheer luck.
We're going to do it again, Dwayne.
Say, don't do drugs.
If you must drink this holiday, we can do not drive.
Take 12.
This is Dwayne's dump.
Weekends are for drugs.
Do drugs.
Okay, Dwayne.
Thank you very much for coming in.
I think with a little editing, we've got something we can use.
Don't do drugs.
And if you must drink this holiday, we can.
Don't drive.
Drugs.
Frosty, this no man, was a code named for this guy.
He was selling drugs, okay, cocaine for the people who would buy.
Went down to the village to a sick new clientele.
Like Gallagher said, I don't do the drug.
I just like the way it smells.
But our friend met a tragic end one day.
He was stuffed.
And after he had made the deal, it turned out to be a cop.
Oh, now he's in prison, making love to other men.
No, he isn't gay, but he had to pay the billy end.
Pumped in his room, pumped in his room,
Look at the condit, go.
Rectum.
Pumped in his room, pumped in his room,
All because of love.
What the heck is names?
The best house.
This is no Rajesh.
4.50, 60 QAM.
Thinks.
4th leaf.
Get the honey, Junior.
New God.
Oh, why eat less?
I can get a little piece of quiet.
I'm a liar, ma'am.
Why do you have to go in here and hide a little?
When I'm waiting with you, I fly over and dress up like honey Steven.
That's for you.
Failure.
You're forcing me to do this.
Hey, how about a nice Hawaiian punch?
You're a coward.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, so, I've been here before, I've been here all I wanna be, had a walk full of my days, with my cats and girls and then to those</i powder town gon' your hearts and была I'd rather walk off every day than gonna!(he was the voice while doing these holidays with my cats bright and they came to you by reminds you thats how they did tattoos eye me that I like so much ofT' how the sounds of dialect and stuff i close my eyes because I'm a naz speaksativejan and I don't look for fans i didn't like, yeah yaaha
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hey everybody
What's the dance they play boys who don't vote?
But I'm very checkered fans
And shuffle up across the floor
And they get noise
Oh
Oh
Oh
Yeah, noise
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Yeah
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Hey
This is about boys
Stand up
I said to the big shadow of his ear
I was just show doing that
I'll see you here
I'll see you here
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do
do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do your own do do your own do do your own do your own
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
The boys are back and down
I said the boys are back and down
Why you living?
Ah! My God, I love you, sport, old boobs
I know everything that's going on in tattoos
Why I even know all the no-majot rules?
I'm hip to the jive! That ain't old
You better know I got to die
It's a better show when I take your place
I know I ain't no employable
But when they drop my boys will change
Dance me a little small things
Dance you a little
I am mohaw with the day red, decrepit and I'm ancient.
Although my old face are blue and red is purple, they I don't know why they hate me.
Oh why they always rape me, it must be cause I got these blue and red is purple, they...
A baseball on my arm like a random alley map of Locoat.
I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hoes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay. If you think my arms are bad you ought to see my legs.
Am I as well keep on smoozing shave to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him.
I can vote to his agent but that gives me the shivers. I wouldn't want the walk I'm looking like Joan Rivers.
Where am I?
I fired the beast, the fat little freak. I did him a favor now again upon the eat.
The reason I dismissed that spaken fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conaster.
Hey somebody talk over there, nobody talk when I rap. I rap then you talk.
Look at me, I'm hit, I ain't no square. I'm a ding dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a ready what I want, I don't care.
But hopefully if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you can out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cartel placing bets on the gems.
In paradise, paradise I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
I'll be slipping up the screwkins when I get the chance but the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants.
How long does that take?
Killed it calling complete.
It was just a little thought so what I left this day.
I think that's funny when I knock on sandwich buddy.
I can do what I want but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mo? Something you ought to know.
But the longest time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight bow, now I'm straight, pal Mo.
Who? What do you do?
I won't take no for an answer.
It's not you.
Get me out of here.
Get up there.
Get up.
Jason, you're on QM.
You don't have any national guards then because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right now.
Not the National Guard.
not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
There's no National Guard.
no the doctor that performed the surgery on
uh...
jfbler stump
isn't the same doctor that
perform the uh... procedure on your two pay
uh...
the doctor performed surgery
what's his name client
he was doctor
i don't know who who i don't know who you use you use George colwell
i'm not sure
i don't know where doctor any
i'm not sure where you went
you go to holy cross
i don't know
not sure
bottom line is that i don't the doctors can't tell how long you know you're
not sure somewhere in least a month could be up to eight weeks
somewhere in there
while you're in the world you're in qm
a friend
by the way sir
i've been given it's a
uh... what he think of it
i know that me and you
can do
much better
go in six to ten
and i did five
agent island a cranky
do
i think we might
be happy to get
there
i think you really got
out of your mind
you gotta have your weary bed
step on to time
no chance i'll always show it to you
i'd rather die
we'd be crappy together
why i'll help you
know that i'm a big
magey
you
are
i've been
raped
i have
worry
but you
you're not
i'm trying
me and ma
that would blow
no way that if we had a fight
that you'd survive
who'd want to hear a genital
and push it
that's crappy together
i'm trying
i'm trying
i'm trying
i'm trying
i'm trying
you
and show what you're with me
for me
is much better
six to ten
not five
it's only right
that i should get more sleep at night
i think we might
be happy
take it
lets
let's
but
What can you be better?
What's the best Southwest snack!?
Oh oh oh oh...
Oh oh oh oh...
Well say a nice man.
The biggest names, the best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM.
I am a Ford Lauderdale.
This is Dick Kenny.
I like to relax by having Mary Magdalene massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
Hi guys and gals.
I'm Alaska Governor Sarah Pielin.
When I'm not shooting Carabou from a helicopter hovering 50 feet off the ground, I'm a 44 year old wife, mother and future grandmother of an illegitimate child conceived out of wedlock.
But I'm also an endorser and I'm here today to tell you folks about an exciting new perfume for you gals out there.
It's called Panna Costle perfume.
Oh, my gala gala gala gala gala gala gala.
Named after the religious practice, I no longer associate myself with due to its controversial nature.
Panna Costle perfume will make you smell divine.
And make you speak in tongue and gala gala gala gala.
It's perfect for all occasions, whether you're hunting or running or taking a field trip to the nuclear plant.
Gosh darn it, this is a fragrance for all you gals.
Other perfumes just pale in comparison.
I'm Sarah Pielin and I approve this fragrance.
Raja gala gala gala gala, tá loo gala gala gala, rub, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Clay is gay, no one was shot to steady, goes that way.
But now it's official that Mr. Aiken prefers to fake it on his buffet.
Clay is gay, it's not a big surprise we have to say.
Hopefully now that he's out he can relax about his back wax. It's so cliche.
Nobody really gives a spot cause we do wait before it's family loss.
I'm so glad he finally came clean. Cause he's known since 1813.
Clay is gay.
You fairy taking off his head or a two-pane. When he took the spades on idle we all knew back in season two it wasn't great.
Clay is gay. Now he can join a bathhouse in the bay.
There's no more worry about hiding his life or lack of a wife and that's okay.
All of his dresses behind him replaced by a handsome guy named Jim.
Now they can walk the streets and in hand.
Or even join a boy band Clay is gay.
Can't have the rage Clay is gay.
You fairy.
This is I with this dude.
Among the world leaders gathering at the UN General Assembly our Republican Vice President,
Lieutenant Sarah Palin and the President of Afghanistan.
Listen to what he said.
Do you like hockey and do you live in Alaska?
Yes. I'm a hockey mom from Alaska.
Can you see Russia from Alaska?
Yes. You can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
What is your foreign policy experience?
I got involved in the PTA.
Quick photo op with no questions from the media.
Very little chance she'll stumble.
What is the difference between you and President Bush?
Lipstick.
It's a new are you smarter than it's it's greater.
Tonight are you smarter than a fifth greater?
The mother of all contestants.
Our family has the same ups and downs as any other.
The same challenges and the same joys.
Sometimes even the greatest joys bring challenge.
The first ever Westbound Pony Express delivery started in Missouri
and ended in what US state.
The great state of Alaska.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
Which of the following is a country in Africa?
Albania, Argentina, Algeria?
Canada, Mexico and then yeah that trip was a trip of a lifetime.
And we've got to keep an eye on Russia.
Not smarter than a fifth greater.
There are next door neighbors and you can actually see Russia from land here in Alaska.
I am so sorry not smarter than a fifth greater.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
The next door neighbor.
They don't have a clue.
They walk all around.
And rack them.
He's always the same.
They're just looking so faint.
And they love the abuse.
Like the chronic from roots.
All the chronic from roots.
It's the first time the line.
Cause he's hope like a catfish.
With half of its mind.
We'll be waiting for you here.
Now just come on up with your green Corvette.
We, you and what army of little Yahoo's?
We, all your friends in Carole Wood.
All your friends from Tarpen Springs.
Why don't you stand up like on your own?
It's always we, we, like you got all your buddies.
How come you don't like stand on your own thing?
We do stand on our own thing.
No, we, there's that we again, man.
Are you speaking French or English?
We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we
we don't have a blue. They walk all around with their head up their blues. It's always the same.
They just look in for fame. And they love the abuse.
Absolutely. Like the chronic promise.
The chronic promise.
Olympic ice-coop, man. It's such a dirty trait. Tonya tries to win.
She was second best and it felt so.
Oh, oh, oh, oh. Nancy Carrigan, the bitch was going to win again.
Tonja Blocks, revenge.
Highest out of a henchman. Oh, oh, oh, oh.
As Nancy K was leaving her ring, she snuck up from behind.
Bang, bang, Tonja Silver Hammer came down upon her knees.
Bang, bang, Tonja Silver Hammer made sure of victory.
Olympic metal round, Tonja is an ugly ground, full of every move.
She can't find her groove. She's our balance.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
She foregoes a plan, makes her way into the stand murder on her mind.
She has never minded a challenge.
Oh, oh, oh.
The crowds they make are grateful for the door, but it's too late to run.
Bang, bang, Tonja Silver Hammer just smashing in his head.
She would not leave little hammer till everyone's dead.
2048, Tonja's at the Pollygate.
St. Pete checks his book.
He gives her a look and he tells her, now, oh, oh, oh.
She claims she's in a sublacence up and throws a 50 ton of teeds on the line.
This guy's out of line and he's got to go, oh, oh, oh.
As St. Pete was turning the page, Tonja took her eyes.
Bang, bang, Tonja Silver Hammer, rang saint, Peter's bell,
but Skates can't kill no saint, you'll never man shoot you and spate you hell.
Oh, right.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
He's not his new largest sports radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Were you drudge back on?
I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air,
because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station, Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me and saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is, don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
It's an easily listening love music so you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like, you know, it's okay.
Anyway, he's listening so I just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show too.
Just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations.
You know the private line number.
That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right.
I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting that taken a big hit on the radio station from everybody else.
But it's over.
Me and you done.
With the passing of Rosa Parks, the hysterical channel takes a rare look at the long forgotten bus driver that started it all.
A one time.
The one time Mr. Marshall sends me to Alabama to drive a bus.
She has to get on it.
In 1955, the Gotham bus companies and their most experienced driver, Ralph Crampton,
to test their new bus routes in Montgomery, Alabama.
Have you any idea what it's like driving a bus up and down Great Road in Alabama?
I'll have you know I was very uncomfortable down there.
Everybody talks like that sheriff and smoking abandoned.
Little did he know he would be cast into a historical event of monumental proportions.
And another thing.
I had a job to do all day long,
I'm telling people I moved it up, back it up us all day long.
There's only so much room in there.
The actions of a single bus driver who sparked the emergence of the civil rights movement.
I asked the nice.
I asked the nice.
But I think the trouble started when she refused and I said,
how do you like a punch right in the kiss it?
To this day, he insists his behavior wasn't racially motivated.
So you think I'm a bigot huh?
You think I'm a bigot?
Go count how many white people you see right in the bus.
Yet moreons for the woman he helped bring to prominence Rosa Parks.
Rosa!
You're the greatest.
Hey, Mohanadik.
With this week's installment of...
I'll see here.
I'll see here.
Hints are essential to a man's entire.
Now I got all kinds of things in my pants.
And amarsians and a dingo berries and who knows what I'll find in there next.
You know many things have been said about my pants.
I may not be wearing any now, but that's only cause and a flurry of excitement.
I sold them.
Who bit more for pants?
Fred Moiz, a James Coco.
Taman and another thing.
Who bit more for hygiene?
Sother receive?
Or Mr. Whipple?
And I think you know the answer to that one.
And while I'm under subject of sports.
Who bit more for the dolphins offense?
Flow moreosen to all?
Or Mr. Kittel?
Let me give you something else to put your pink pipe for smoke.
Who bit more for glade-missed bathroom spray?
Or hey, back at the one right next to the room or by your denny.
Taman.
You know where you can insult the sound effects here?
If Joyce we don't leave die?
Where did the jokers go?
You can't go nowhere, I'm not the...
In keeping with the high standards of broadcast journalism.
In the tradition of Edward Armero, see it now.
560 WQAM presents now see here with Mo Howard David.
I just move Howard and David.
Now see here.
Got a new gig here.
And if I had so choose to stay, I will change the face of whatever that is told.
Now see here.
Who bit more for radio?
Neorajas or Hoeyboss Garandasin?
Ha ha!
Now again.
Here's my best view.
Are you guys all right?
I'm all right.
I say Hoeyboss Garandasin.
That's who?
For one thing, he was the mayor of boarding radio.
And at Pikesmokker he ate no mayor.
Why Hoeyboss Garandasin sang nice song?
Oh, again.
Oh, he had a few.
Listen up.
Are you guys all right?
There you are, I just don't think I was talking about not in a minute.
Wait and don't annoy.
Why sure?
That there that's a Neel singing and a discouraging song about the...
No, no, no, no.
And then the back of the one here, he writes them and then it neels sings them.
Now you know he's queer, but real men don't sing.
Come again.
And another day Hoeyboss Garandasin was a lot better than Neel too.
That there's what made him that best.
On the next installment of Now See Here.
Who made a better cup of coffee?
Mrs. Olson or Jackie E. Robinson?
Yeah, man.
Now see me here next time for Moe Indignants.
Now see here.
Not there over here.
Who did you write?
It's the all new Lever to Beaver, starring Hugo Mont, Barbara Billingsley, Tony Dow, and Neel Rogers as the Beaver.
The Beaver!
What do you want?
Hello, Beaver.
Whatever you did, don't drag me into it.
Sure, okay, whatever you say pal.
Hello, Beaver.
What do you want?
I know what you told Miss Canfield.
We ever get our hands on her, man.
She's gonna be so black and blue she won't be able to walk for a week.
Just between us, man.
Now keep it clean, will you please?
Well, Beaver, you broke your brother's trophy, didn't you?
Well, that's why it goes.
Well, Beaver, you've been told time and time again not to touch while I stang, haven't you?
Over and over and over again.
Well, I think the first thing you should do is to tell your brother how sorry you are about this whole thing.
For what?
You don't know if you're sorry?
I'm sorry about excuse me, okay?
Yeah, that's okay.
Excellent.
Just a trophy.
Do you believe this guy?
Anyway, it's not real gold.
You talk about it, it's dead in street.
Ha ha ha.
So can it be?
Oh, our home and need a friend.
Oh, right.
High falls and see.
We'll love you when you're at.
Welcome.
If the sunrise months by our side we claim your good you see.
It's a legal drug recording tool that you know that you'll see.
A day between Korean and Korean.
Oh, can it be that's gone to me?
Oh, can it be that's gone to me?
Well, this is a magnificent production today if I do say so myself.
Yep.
No, you agree?
Yep.
I'm not a better day.
I agree.
You won't be back on Friday.
And then that's interesting because Friday I think is last day that we're working together
like regular.
I believe so.
Because I'm on vacation next week.
Oh, it's going to be a sad day on Friday.
Isn't it?
Yes.
Very.
Okay, here's the poll.
This is sad.
This is a horrible poll.
What's the gift that your kids are pressuring you for this Christmas?
Don't have any kids 84.
Nintendo Wii 17.
PlayStation 313.
A new car 12.
Expensive clothing 8.
Xbox 360.
A dog 6.
See how that went up there?
All the little kids heard Uncle Leo say, oh, pray for a dog.
I can't make for a dog.
Little dog.
Forget about them kitty cats.
They're nasty and they smell bad.
Spent Christmas and Disney for motorized miniature motorcycle for HD TV 2.
Some other pet 2.
You know, like an art vark.
Something like that.
Yeah.
Can't 2.
Kitty cat.
They feel real nice in the microwave.
An expensive watch.
Solamente uno.
Sorry for the bad toll.
I'm lonely.
You know, Roger.
4.
Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
Holy Makinah.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
MTV presents 9-inch nails.
Unplugged.
I want a f***.
You like good animal.
Damn it, this thing's not on.
Welcome, this isn't working.
Oh!
She tried you knocked over my bonge.
9-inch nails.
Unplugged.
Only on MTV.
You and me baby doing it like in Wisconsin.
And please don't tell anyone that I am your cousin.
You and me baby less.
You with like the Kennedys.
I'll drown you if I do like very Jocob back in the heat.
You and me baby can do it like Madonna.
And have a Latino gang bang if you want to.
Baby, let's do it like Ricky Martin's career.
We'll do it once we're all past them then.
I'll disappear.
You and me can do it just like Jeffrey Dahmer.
And now that you're dead, the sex will be so much calmer.
You and me baby ain't nothing but monkeys.
I get my fight with us then I can't and you just don't be serious.
Don't lie, I will rip all the hard work.
Don't, don't, don't, every time I see.
Don't, don't, don't, that free time in which room.
Don't, don't, don't, don't, on my TV.
He's President of the show.
Rapubligates muscle in and in our take in an idiot.
I don't know why they want this guy but now he's here.
First room to next four years.
With President Thump.
What's wrong with that?
Oh, what I get told about both ones more.
And get who we all voted for.
Here's your one best.
Don't, don't, don't, it's drumming stupidly.
I'm this drunk and rich kid.
You know so easy than numbers in me.
Here's President Thump.
You don't care what it took.
You got him in by hook or throw.
The Christian.
I know what's best.
You will die but have no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With President Thump.
President Thump.
President Thump.
President Thump.
President Thump.
Ooh, a presidential run.
It's making fun.
Are you gonna give a try?
Ooh, you make the voters run.
Are you the one?
When we both would have left Guy old
farmer they're the step for rock.
He's fucked up, it may be his kid,
who has been jumping by.
He's an angry guy, mine mine mine, mine mine.
Ooh, a bob Shawn, Rainlooker, Box 차
boss, a bob Youtube for barbers about
gacha bamo binary sexism.
I'll go, who will take his mizats?
His mizats? I have to keep the rest from somewhere
I've got a fool, but the cops are wrong
The cops are wrong, I only set you up with a card
For the cops, for the cops, for the cops, for the cops
Give me time, look around and look at the cops
I'll go, who will take his mizats?
Everybody, talk about it
I'll go, who will take his mizats?
Rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki
Rikki's on the list as go bit, score calls but they don't know nothing about rikki
And they can try to make some more mizats
Oh no, there's no busy hunting sport
Well, me too?
Look at the security monitor. Anything to do with sports?
No, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage. My car's okay though.
Go back to the files.
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny and
What?
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
Jimmy and Danny.
I'm going to back with more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley O'Long's
apartments, wherever he comes with his own frigid air.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You don't have your Rogers.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
I'm going to take off those checkered pants.
And then we get more on's like Mitch who call up and they say stupid things that they don't
have any bases on because somebody on this radio station who's on between nine and one
decides to poison everybody because for him it's a bit and the idiots that listen to them,
they actually buy in.
That is pretty dumb to buy in.
Well, they buy in because they're idiots.
You know why?
Because their brains are soft like marshmallows.
And they can be twisted and turned any which way you want.
They go great with smores though.
That's exactly right.
You're on a roll today.
I like it.
So their brains are soft and they say stupid things because they don't have enough intelligence
to come up with an original thought of their own.
So they listen to people that can manipulate them to make them say make them think whatever they want.
The only thing missing is the cool aid.
Thank you, Jim.
Who's on today?
Who's doing the show today?
Jorge.
That's George D.L.
George Rodriguez.
You're on.
Neil Rogers coming back or see done next year.
No.
Is he really damn?
Guys got a deal.
Oh, I say it's in and you know while people say, you know, well, you're knocking Neil.
It's not not this is what you know what it is.
It shows you how effective the guy is that he can manipulate the stupidity that listens
between nine and one.
Absolutely.
You might agree with that.
Probably.
And he's laughing his ass off all the way to the bank.
He's absolutely late.
You know what it is?
He's laughing at you, Mitch, because you're a M-O-R-O-N.
I'll spell it out for you.
And now I'll tell you what I just said.
It means moron because you can't spell.
I stand in front of you now two years later and say it took me a little while.
I'm a little slow learner.
But Neil, I apologize.
It's way deal.
You are the truth.
I'm going to say it's all alone.
Yeah, I'm saying most lost away, who's it then?
But the back of the road, me and central bank are the men.
It's from the Jesse Kester, force that will make him an X-Men.
Yeah, he's more than his heart's bowels.
And he's not the ghost, oh, since when that's just your it.
And this thing was always more than a full house.
Now I wish I had a Jesse girl.
I'm going to nail one full Jesse girl.
I'll tell you now, no more than like that.
Dear Alanis, I don't know if you remember me.
But I was the guy whose house you said I'm fire last year.
God, I miss you.
Even though you blew up my car and caught all my hair off, I miss you very much.
But one quick question.
Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this pit?
No one's fed me for weeks, but I'm not complaining.
Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart.
But if you happen to see my mother, please let her know I'm not dead yet.
Dear Alanis, I want to tell you that the guy you saw with your best friend.
That wasn't me.
He might have looked and talked just like me, but that's surely purely coincidental.
I was nowhere near that place.
I love you too much to look at anyone else.
Dear Alanis, I had a dentist appointment that day.
And I was nowhere near the shared metal list hotel.
I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good.
But it wins all those rallies as all that money.
Hey, come on, let me out of the pit.
Wait a second.
A young man turned 28.
He scored the sweetest bag.
I'll go on the next day.
All right.
It's too many seeds in your dime bag.
Getting to the party.
Two minutes to late.
Isn't it the chronic?
Huh?
Don't you think?
That's the only one.
It's not playing.
When you clap, falling, break the free bag.
When you're already baked, the food weave.
That's you just did today.
Who won't stop you again?
Hot brownie, that you already ate.
A no-stoneous sign.
A love that you've raised.
It's like 10,000 joints when all you need is a light.
It's like having the feel of your dreams.
And then finding out he's got 10 to life.
And isn't it the chronic?
Yes.
Don't you think?
A little too much chronic.
Yeah, I really do think.
It's not playing.
When you clap, falling, break the free bag.
When you're already baked, the food weave.
That's you just did today.
Who won't stop you again?
Coming up next on Queer Eye for that Palestinian guy.
We make over Yasser Aeroside.
He's trying to take over the PLO again from that Muhammad What's His Name.
If he's to succeed, he needs some help.
No kidding.
What is up with that du-rag?
It's so fine, minutes ago.
Really?
And that's scraggly weird.
Who are you?
It's going to be our biggest challenge ever.
But we're ready to scrap that drab wardrobe and transform Yasser from a Ringo star lookalike to a...
Well, he's still going to look like Ringo, but just cleaner.
We need to do something about those glasses too.
Oh, we're going to be doing just a ton of things.
On the next Queer Eye for that Palestinian guy.
Thursday night, tonight.
Oh, okay, I'll be helping you today.
Hey, will you please be having a blue-slavery?
We are having a sale on cameras.
R-A-G-G.
We have had about many flavors.
R-A-G-G.
That is not pizza.
Oh, no!
R-A-G-G.
A-G-A-D-A.
Okay, I'm telling you everything.
My skin may be brown for this side 19.
Hey, you guys are destroyed with our women in bags.
It is only because they smell so bad.
You can blame a group of reactions of a group, but we don't want to drink out of it.
We eat them like our food.
R-A-G-G.
It is too stopping to cut them big.
R-A-G-G.
I'm going to save up my beer and make my face clean.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
You're too excited, are you ready?
R-A-G-G-G.
A-G-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G-G.
R-A-G.
151QM.
Hey, listen, if you're confused and it's tough because it's a little awkward with people that you don't know all that well.
And you meet somebody that you don't know what they say.
Oh, Mary Christmas or Happy Hanukkah or Happy New Year.
Just walk up to them and say,
That.
Yeah, that kind of fits everything.
It works every time like a charm.
And it can't fail, right?
Well, listen, you have yourself a wonderful day tomorrow, Mr. Chris.
Well, thank you very much.
You have a nice day off, too.
Oh, yeah.
So, I got a wood bun.
Oh, yeah, I'll be there in the morning early.
In fact, I'm going to be there at 2.40.
All right.
He's out there.
He's got the car warming up right now.
He's already a rock and roll.
My terrorist cab guy from lesbian on.
Okay, here's the last look at this pool.
And I apologize again for a really skanky nasty pool.
We got the new one on there to change for hopefully sometime.
Eric, whenever.
Oh, well, I was going to tell Eric to make sure he left the new one for them tomorrow.
So they can make their own.
Oh, that's right.
They can make up their own.
Just you and his just is all ready to go for one.
And Earth Spectre, whatever his name is.
What's the gift your kids are pestering you for this Christmas?
Don't have it at kids 97.
We got almost 200 votes on this thing.
Wow, 189.
Hey, not too bad.
Aren't you impressed?
We got a thousand and one from yesterday.
Nintendo Wii 18, new car 15.
Oh, yeah, give me a Lamborghini for my wini.
PlayStation 315, expensive clothing, Xbox 360, eight, dog six.
A nice little dog.
Spend Christmas at Disney for motorized miniature motorcycle for HD TV to a big one.
100 inches.
Some other pet too.
Like a snake.
Cat too, inexpensive watch.
Only one.
I don't want to deny expensive while I like a Rolex.
Come on, dad, give me a Rolex.
Well, that's it.
I think I did a phenomenal job today.
I know it sounds really self aggrandizing and patting myself on the back.
But you know something?
Somebody's got to.
You did.
You're going to say pretty damn good today.
Pretty entertaining.
You all faggot.
Well, listen, Merry Christmas.
Happy Hanukkah and all of these things.
What's the biggest name?
The Pedigree Palace.
You don't have to know that I have no life.
You'll find me.
You'll find me.
The fourth leader.
It's the high.
If I have the town.
Here at 560 WQA.
Oi!
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
All right!
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Absolutely.
Toi toi toi.
The minute we're born we start dying.
We die a little more every day.
Young, we're old, rich, or poor.
There's nothing we can do to stop it.
So look long at that Christmas tree.
It may be the last one that you see.
Dead grade your house in green and red.
Cause someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday you'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Rock solid.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens,
it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into the bed.
That you'll thank God for your family.
Cause someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
You'll ferret someday they'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life?
Nobody knows that's my point.
Enjoy the while you can.
And so on Christmas morning,
let good tidings fool you.
What a festive season.
Someday you'll be dead.
Oh, dead dead dead.
Oh, someday we'll be dead.
Dead dead dead.
Everyone you know dead.
A very Merry Christmas to you.
Dead dead dead dead.
Merry Christmas everybody.
Bye bye bye.
The biggest names of the death calendar.
Are you sure?
And you're chosen for Miami Dolphins football.
Bought 3DO 560 WQAM.
Miami for Lauderdale.
You guys are my best friends.
To take your things, we've always been together.
Before I became heaven for no day.
Palin' around and laughing away.
Just best friends.
Best friends are we.
Bye bye.
I love you, yes.
