The opinions expressed by Neil, his guests for his colleagues, do not represent those of the UVPA management staff for sponsors.
Now the Neil Roger Show on 560 WQAM.
It's Friday, you bastard.
We've been by every night long as to say that the law is for you.
You're fairly.
You may think that I live here, but then again, no.
No, no, no, no.
And you know, no.
I know, no.
I have a man, shunnin' when sir England, because in your country blow,
oh, oh, oh, so I only want your money, so a few concert factors.
Oh, Hillary is the biggest bad guy I ever knew.
So I'm telling everybody, before the bad has gone.
And they do the most powerful.
It's in the world.
Go over to Bill's wife, go over to Bill's wife, and keep the wife house wide.
I want a silver title, the tip of mental bull die.
Oh, here's some of the worst news in the history of the human race.
Just, just top off my machine, mom.
Okay.
Are you standing up for sitting down?
I'm sitting down.
Are the, are these owners buying Wendy's for $2.34 billion?
Okay.
Normally that would be bad news, but Wendy's ain't what it used to be.
Oh, no, it ain't?
No, so maybe this will help.
Why not?
I can't remember the last time I've gotten my order right or something I could eat there.
That Wendy's.
Really?
It's a tragic thing to say, but then that's all of them.
But I sure hope they don't replace the real meat with that, whatever that,
or it's supposed to be served at Arby's, those beef loaf.
Ooh.
After at least two rejections, Bayonet and Nelson Peltz has finally succeeded in landing
Wendy's in a $2.3 billion deal that would add the chain known for its square burger and
chocolate frosty dessert to his ownership of Arby's and its roast beast sandwiches.
I do like those potato cakes.
I've said that for a long time.
Those, Jim Okra.
They just continued those.
They just continued their chicken strips or something like that.
They're really good.
Yeah.
Everybody's, you know, dropping everything good.
They discontinued the potato cakes?
I think so.
I'm not sure, but yeah.
Oh my god.
I forget what they dropped that I liked, but I think I'm going back to bed.
Don't do that.
I feel I would say about 50% better than yesterday, but my head is still,
this is either the flu or a bad cold.
Neither one of which slas to weak.
You know what you do.
Right.
You can take all kinds of stuff, which I have done.
That's right.
To alleviate the symptoms and make it less agonizing, but I do sound a little better today.
I get it.
But just before I came out, I stared with coffin again.
I was coughing for the yesterday.
Now, if you were any kind of a guy, you said, oh, go back to bed.
I'll finish the show.
I was on the verge.
You were not.
I sure was.
You were on the verge, Chris.
I was virgin.
He's on the verge of something here.
Yeah.
He was on the verge, all right.
I've eaten more than anything.
You've come up and done the show that way.
If you come to the fog, if you had come back from the break and you hadn't gotten over that fit,
you would have had to stop.
What do you mean by that?
Just continue.
You know, because that was bad.
That was a bad fit.
If you have, you know, you haven't gotten fit.
Yeah.
If you hadn't gotten over it, there's no way you would have been able to do the show.
And there were like telegrams coming in from all across North America.
Oh, Neil, I sure hope you don't croak on the air.
And actually, the real story is that they're probably got an increased audience out there.
The word of mouth.
Oh, he's been a croak on the air, the old bag.
Right.
The egg of the seats.
I don't think so.
I think I'm getting over this thing, although I have something on my nose.
I think it's gold, but it's not gold.
Huh?
You want to hear the sirens?
Yeah.
Now that you have the window open, boys.
Now that I cracked the window, so I can get some fresh urine here.
I wish to, Halle, would turn a damn AC on in this building already for Christ's sakes.
That's a bitch when you're in a building.
You know what?
I'll hold same with hotels.
They can have either the heat or the AC, but not both.
Huh?
Yeah.
You never heard of that.
I guess.
Let's tell it is here.
That's how it is.
Like, you got the radiator.
In late October, they turn the heat on.
And then I think in the first week or about like the fifth or tenth of May, they finally turn the AC on.
Now today it's going to be 68.
Why do we need the damn heat?
What do we need the heat for?
Why can't we turn over to the damn AC?
So we can get some circulation in here, man.
Get some air blowing.
That's what we need.
It's some good blowing in here.
And certainly not what you're thinking about.
Yeah.
That kind of, I'm sure that never stopped.
Nonstop.
If just one ear would open up, my life would improve 8 million percent.
Just one ear.
Just one?
So it's not all day.
The rest try just one look.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Just one ear.
Just one ear would like pop like that.
Oh, I would be dancing.
I would go out on the balcony and dance in my voxia shorts.
And it would probably come and take my fat ass away.
But that's all right.
And these chunks keep coming back in your nose.
You know, no matter how many times you keep picking them out of there,
they keep coming back like dried blood.
Oh, gross.
That's the Lord though.
He works in very mysterious ways.
And that damn Jeremiah right.
Can't somebody put him in a cage somewhere?
Can't they catch him with a butterfly net and make him go away for a few months
just until after November?
Can you go?
Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.
Just won't shut the hell up.
You probably getting paid off.
Remember that story I had a couple days ago how Bill and Swellery called him to the White House
when they were having marital to the police?
That's right.
And Obama being evidently the wimp that he is, they're not using that.
I'd be plastering ads all over the place right now.
Right?
It was bad for me to be associated with Reverend Wright.
Well look at these hypocrites.
These are only fakeers.
That's right.
Or something else that sounds like faker, but...
Taker?
No.
Effers.
Oh.
926 votes on Chris' poll.
I mean you're going to go over a thousand soon.
You know what?
What?
We got to do it on there to change for the weekend.
All right.
I don't like this poll.
I mean I don't mind it, but it's just the stuff that Sean put on there.
So goofy man.
So stupid.
And what does it have to do with the NFL draft anyway?
Good question.
Yeah.
I mean come on let's put something...
I'm partyin' the chair again, but not like the last day.
Yesterday I actually thought I would penetrate the material of this chair.
Like a laser beam.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Then drill right through it.
What makes you fart the worst?
927 we got.
Fake beans 106.
I'm sorry 166 excuse me.
Eggs 107.
Dairy products 95.
That was the late edition too.
Thank you Brandon.
Dairy.
I mean dairy makes you fart like a racehorse.
Beer 81.
Black bean 72.
Vedie 71.
Barito 61.
Specialty good got beans in it.
A bean burrito.
Chilli 57.
Onion 57.
I love onions.
I'm right totally about those onions.
What were they?
Saute onions.
Oh yeah.
Had Morton's the other night.
Oh god was that good.
That was a great meal.
Sour crowd 53.
Protein drinks 36.
Speaking of the great meals Giovanni's in the parkland brought great food for the guys yesterday.
Wraved about it.
And clinical ingredients.
I know that.
There's only 52 left.
48 we sold and 52 still left the next day.
That kind of stuff doesn't happen on the show ordinarily.
It hurt when it does.
But as soon as they knew that it was PD Linney's account.
They thought it was a.
Oh they ran.
Oh my god.
They said they don't serve those little burgers do they and I said no that's not the place.
Sour crowd 53.
Protein drinks 36.
Hot wings 16.
Sit up 16.
Cheerio's 11.
Curry 10.
You don't have to be a.
Poon job mom to have that curry.
But it helps I hate curry I don't like it.
I don't like it.
Life cereal seven.
Suvlaki six.
And MST five.
MST makes you fart.
I never heard that in my life.
I think that's bogus.
And I see it might you dive enough fart.
930 we got you need 70 more and we'll change the pool.
Sighted about that very excited.
Oh boy.
A rough week man rough week for the old queen just bad bad hip cold.
Or maybe it's the floor maybe it's the prelude to death who knows.
To a wicked death.
Remember that pull I took right.
And there's a whole bunch of people said we wish you a wicked death.
That's right.
Typical soft food a greeting.
Die and do it soon and do it very painfully.
Speak of the pain.
Morstown New Jersey.
More charges have been filed against the Burlington County police officer was
recently charged with sexually assaulting three girls.
Authorities announced Morstown officer Robert Media Jr.
38 has been charged with four counts of animal cruelty after allegedly engaging in
sex acts with cows between June and December 2006.
Neyan is from a girlfriend Heather Lewis were previously charged with three
counts of aggravated sexual assault and one kind of criminal sexual contact with
three girls and is covered in home from 2003 until 2006.
He's being held on $510,000 bail.
I guess maybe the cows didn't run away so fast.
No.
Or maybe the cows liked it.
I don't know.
I got a picture of this guy here looks like a real scumbag.
Not really.
I just know that I wouldn't say that.
I just thought I would say it.
Okay. Good.
You know what I mean?
Suck a bag.
Right.
And of course this big story in New York cops not guilty in groom shooting.
They're having a nervous breakdown.
I'm not going to suggest there's going to be riots in New York about this but the dark
folks of the city are really as usual and rightfully so in this case pissed off and
fired up.
Farred off and pissed off.
About this.
Which we'll get into in a second.
No calls today by the way.
Aw.
What?
You want to take one?
I'm kidding.
You want to take one?
There isn't one but like I said.
Like I said.
The best out of two is no rejects.
420560QAM.
1017-560WQM.
Here's our schedule for today.
You want to mark it down on your arm?
Okay.
The jerk show 2-4.
The mad dog at Daisy Dukes.
4-7.
Joined by Joe Rose from 5-7.
The mad dog in a little dog.
Dolphins all asses 7-9 and the DA show 9-9.
What's the Daisy Dukes?
Charge star type thing?
What?
Well the place is a sports bar.
Daisy Dukes are really, really, really small shorts.
Right.
That's Daisy Dukes where?
The really one?
Small shirts.
The kind that you were talking about.
Daisy Dukes are really, really, really speaking English.
My can be friend.
Daisy Dukes are short shorts.
They obviously named an establishment after the attire.
I see.
Colors right now.
Colour number 5.
At 1-800-227-0560 wins a pair of season tickets for the 2009 Florida Panther season.
All right.
Today only, today only, all 2008 Florida Panther season tickets are half off for details
go to FloridaPanthers.com.
Tickets will be upper level sideline.
In other words bring your own binoculars but at least, you know, it's something.
Right.
Today.
What?
The press is right.
Colour number 5 right now.
1-800-227-0560 wins a pair of season tickets for next year's Panther season.
Without Jacques Martin behind the bench.
He'll be upstairs.
He'll be up there.
Maybe the ghost of BN will be up there with him and the ghost of Bowtie and all those other losers that long string of losers.
Mike Keenan, his ghost will be up there.
So there you go.
Col right now.
1-800- how are we going to know when this is done?
That's all.
You do this to me all the time.
We had a thing yesterday with us, certificates we gave away.
And I have no idea if we ever gave them both away or now.
Of course we did.
Yeah.
Well how do you know that?
Within seconds they go.
We?
Remember the word?
What?
Free.
You know they go for free stuff.
Well I want to know if, because I don't want to keep reading it and then people can read it.
I will let you know.
Who's going to send you a flee?
Or someone who really whoever's manning the phone?
I see.
A judge acquitted three-year police department to take us of all charges this morning with shooting death of an unarmed man in a 50-bulit barrage just hours before he was to be married.
Detective Michael Oliver and Jess Card is Nora.
We found not guilty of charges of manslaughter, assault and reckless endangerment in the death of Sean Bell 23 and the wounding of two of his friends.
Detective Mark Cooper was acquitted of reckless endangerment just as Arthur Cooperman who issued his verdict in the bench trial there was no jury.
Hundreds of people gathered outside the Queen's courthouse and anticipation of the verdict.
The Reverend Al Sharpton called for calm.
He was accompanied by Bell's fiance and other supporters on the steps of City Hall.
Bell 23 was killed just before dawn on his wedding day, November 25, 2006.
He and several friends were winding up an all-night bachelor party at the Kaluah Club in Queens, a strip club that was under investigation by NYPD undercover unit looking for intercomplace of guns, drugs and prostitution.
Oh, not when a prostitute saw you.
Take it's gone.
Time.
Can't take it's a gun.
Undercover detectives were inside the club and playing close offices were stationed outside.
Witnesses said that about 4 a.m. closing time as Bell and his friends left the club an argument broke out, believing that one of Bell's friends Joseph Guzman was going to get a gun from Bell's car, one of the undercover detectives followed the men and called for backup.
What happened next was at the heart of the trial prosecuted by the assistant district's attorney in Queens.
Bell Guzman and Trent Benefield got into the car with Bell at the wheel.
The detectives drew their weapons and Guzman said Guzman had been a testified that they never heard the plane close identified them and sells his police.
Bell was in a panic to get away from the armed men as friends testified, but the detectives thought Bell was trying to run down one of them according to their laws, believed that their lives were in danger and started shooting.
I mean like wild time.
In a panic 9-11 call, police immediately saying shots fired undercover units involved.
A total of 50 freaking bullets were fired by five NYPD officers, only three were charged with crimes.
Oliver, who he loaded to semi-automatic in the middle of the freight fired 31 freaking times, is nor a fired 11 times and Cooper was leg was burst by Bell's moving car, fired four times. No gun was found near Bell or his friends.
Soon after his death, Sean Bell's fiance Nicole Paltry legally changed her name to Nicole Paltry Bell.
She's not raising the couples two daughters ages five and one.
I tell them that daddy's in heaven now. She said he's watching over us. He's our guardian angel.
He's with the Lord now. He's going to be here to protect us and make sure nothing happens to us.
Right. Lion bitch. That's all your people. You know, lie to your kids. Make up all these stories to try to alleviate the pain.
Right. Tell them daddy's dead. He got shot by a bunch of crazy white cops.
Detectives and down the association president Michael Paladino said forensic and scientific evidence presented during the seven week trial.
Capitites the testimony of prosecution witnesses.
But Paltry Bell's father, Leslie Paltry, said for those naysayers who said the police were doing their job, they should imagine their child and that car being shot by the police for no reason.
Paltry Bell, Guzman, a battlefield of father, wrongful death lawsuit in federal court. That's been stayed pending the outcome of the criminal trial.
Guzman was shot 16 times and four bullets, two dangerous to remove from a in his body according to his lawyer, Sanford Rubenstein.
Federal prosecutors in the Eastern District of New York have been monitoring the trial and event of the acquittal.
It's likely authorities would conduct a review to determine there were any civil rights violations. All three victims were African-American.
And the dark folks in New York are not happy.
And I'll sharpen to say everybody be calm, everybody be calm. You know, he and Jesse always keep everybody we have.
Not always get everybody whipped up into a frenzy.
So what's there to say? You know, it's justice in America.
Crazy people with guns. Everybody's got guns. Let's have guns in school. Let's have guns in church. Let's have guns in shrewl.
Let's have guns in movie theaters. Let's have guns in rock concerts. Guns for everybody. Let's have guns in cracker jack boxes. Let's have guns in voting events.
So we can avoid all this needless bloodshed. That's right.
If only everybody had a gun. Oh, look at that. Record gas prices again. 358.
Regular. 393 for premium and 423 for diesel bikes. Wow.
Good. Golly Miss Monty. So I can throw this away, right?
I guess they want me to promote this thing about till the only all 2008 Florida pants or season tickets are half off.
See, I think what it means is 2009.
Well, first of all, none of this makes any sense because it's 2008 to 2009.
Okay. Well, the 2008 season, such as it was, is over.
Yeah, 0708's over. Yeah. So oh, you don't know.
Who wrote this? What moron? What's Simpleton wrote this out?
I don't know. I'm guessing Lee.
You know, you're always talking with a great guy. He is. I'm thinking about those pictures that he tried to send me online.
That wasn't him. Who was that?
That was Steve Sloan. What is another winner for?
At least they're working on our show. That's good. We like them a lot.
Even though they're well, they work for us. So what do you expect?
Well, he's American. Maybe he can't speak good English.
Today only all 2008 and 2009, Panther, for next season, okay?
Christ, why can't it just say that all Panther tickets for next season are half off?
For details, go to floridopanthers.com. Christ.
How do I play? You're doing it, baby.
Well, that's the blind leading the blind. We got a lot of people in there.
Oh, what's this place? Is this a radio station? Or like a diner?
A lot of food in here. A lot of bugs.
Now, at the risk of sounding foolish, which wouldn't be the first time, and asking ridiculous question,
do they ever find a good, a bug man to come in there like my buddy Steve or maybe not that I know that I've seen.
Because I remember sitting in that studio where you're sitting now and all the little ants running around and flying objects.
And we'd say to Greg, can't you like trade it out? Get a damn exterminator in here. You jackass.
And he go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Well, he was busy. He had a lot of issues.
Baby, now instead of eating, gluten getting fat, my identity was stolen and now my life is discraft.
C-R-A-V, that spells me by credit is crap dot com baby.
1031 at WQA. I'm a got some bad news for us.
Oh, Brandon sends me an email. It says that the end of the show yesterday and right now, the audio quality is so distorted and bad.
Not the bits of the drop in, they're clear as a belly says.
Sounds like your mic volumes are turned all the way up without turning up the actual volume.
So it sounds like you're talking with a mic in your mouth.
He's talking about on the internet stream, I presume.
Right. Yeah. We're having a complaint yesterday.
When we got more problems right now, why don't we alert the engineers today?
I have to pay our dinner. Yeah, we told them once.
And today, we asked today.
Some others you've already had more complaints about that.
Oh, yeah, we told them that it sounds a little overwhelming.
Is all screwed up again for a change?
I have changed the poll without Chris's permission by the way. I'm so sorry.
Some apologize. Will you forgive me for that? I would no give a crap.
Yeah, I can.
Well, I changed it because I don't like this poll.
I mean, in fact, Charlie B's polls lately, even though this other one's pretty good,
I put up all the choices on their bizarre.
He's, I don't know what his problem is.
He ran out of material and he refuses to stop.
You know what I mean?
Like me.
Where's that one I read to you this morning?
Even George who doesn't care about the poll, he...
When I'm talking to the change, I mean, you said, come on.
I don't completely don't care about it.
Oh, it was about gas. Where do you find the cheapest gas?
At what kind of station?
Hmm.
Anyway, here's the final tally on our fart poll, Joyce.
955 vote.
What makes you fart the worst?
Big beans, 171.
Eggs, 110.
Dairy products, 97.
Uh-oh.
That was egg-fruit like yogurt?
I presume.
It's good.
I don't think yogurt makes me fart.
I don't know. I don't eat yogurt. I should.
In fact, right now, if you really want to be nice, I could take like 10, 50 minutes and go down the street
and go to the supermarket and get a bunch of yogurt.
Really good stuff. You know what the sugar in it?
Hmm.
Dairy products, 97.
Beer 84.
Veggie 77.
Black bean 74.
See, the problem, the closest place is my little convenience store across the street
from the Chinese lady, no speaking English.
They don't have any real food in there.
Do you know what I mean by that?
Okay, no, I mean what they have Chinese food?
No, no, I don't mean that all I have is ice cream candy, snacks, chips, popcorn,
that they don't have any real food like cheese or even wienies or anything.
They got sodas.
No, there's no real food in there.
They got ice cream man that hasn't been invented yet.
And candy bars, oh my god.
Black bean 74.
Barito 61, especially that bean, barito.
Oh my god.
Chili 59.
Onion 59.
Sour Crout 53.
Protein drinks 36.
Hot Wings 18.
Sit ups 17.
Cheerios 11.
Curry 10mon.
Life cereal 7.
Souvlaki 6 and MSG 5.
That's the end of that fart poll.
I don't know.
I mean I don't mind the poll question.
I just think that there's a lot of stupid things on it like all those cereals.
Regarding the Eels contract extension with WQM,
here's our chance for you people all to be experts, okay?
They like this kind of a poll because it lets them mostly bitch me out.
Regarding you, he made the right call 6.
Well, how do you like that?
He made the right call 6.
And you know something?
I'm gonna stir in here about these massive layoffs coming at New York Times.
And CBS is laying off everybody near brother.
I'm telling you man, we're in a depression.
So you can give me a lot of time for that for the fact that I signed that thing prematurely.
But I saw the handwriting on the wall.
When I added up all the other offers that were coming in and they added up to
Oh, like that.
I thought to myself, well, I need some job security man.
I got too many mouths to feed.
I got too many responsibilities.
Too many bills.
Yeah.
How do that feel?
What?
Well, there you go.
So Wednesday, you just tell that man.
You say listen fat ass.
Yeah, I got three mouths to feed.
Right?
And four counting your own.
That's right.
Well, you get fed free by us.
Five counting the doggy.
But you don't eat much.
Yeah, something.
See, I know how much I love dogs.
Mm-hmm.
Well, then people like you who are shleppers and who don't have two nickels to rub together.
Tell me about their doggy.
I think to myself.
Well, you know, you should cut out all of the luxuries in my life.
Doggy is not a luxury.
A dog is an animal.
It's a free dog.
Does it, you feed it for free?
No.
Does the vet give it the shots and take care of it for free?
No, we have vet insurance.
You do?
I don't know.
I just had all the luxuries in my life like electricity.
You have vet insurance?
Yeah.
What is it?
You get enough to it.
You could make a little monthly payment.
All your crap is taken care of.
Like the three surgeries you said to have already.
It's all taken care of.
Three surgeries for what?
Bladder problems.
He gets stones.
I can smell his coming.
Just like Cortis, with a thousand I had to send him for his dog.
I ask you for a dog operation money.
I'll give that to you.
That's true.
That's right, Chris.
George has never asked me for doggy money.
That's good.
Josh Cortis having the balls of an elephant, man.
He's got some freaking room.
And you know, Dan Well has doggy not having the operation.
Well, I've got drunk again.
No, I have no dog.
I've got an operation.
What?
He wouldn't lie.
Who Cortis?
Right.
Not that.
Regarding Neil's contract extension with WQM,
he made the right call nine.
He must be a Sadomasika 7.
That's true.
Things can only get better for it.
We're waiting.
Why?
Three.
Now that's an excellent question.
You know.
Why?
You're waiting for five more years of angst and grief, too.
That old toe should have just retired, too.
His career will go out not with a bang, but with a whimper, too.
Wimper.
Like that.
Last day I'm on.
Remind me.
What a whimper.
Remind me.
Or maybe kind of like this.
Those five years will be the worst he's known yet, too.
Oh, I don't think that's possible out in this place.
Oh, or the thing.
Paisy.
Yeah, that's true.
Don't underestimate me.
He'll live to regret it, too.
Still five more years so that f'ing bastard won.
He's, he resigned too hastily.
He won't survive at the end of it none.
Out of 35 votes.
Now that's a good pull.
Charlie Beats, about time he came up with something for Christ's sake.
God.
Oh, my back hurts.
I don't want to sound.
I don't want to catch.
Nobody likes to catch.
Everybody's got their own issues, you know?
Mm-hmm.
But this thing, this has got to be the flu, I think.
All the cold can be the same, you know.
Cold's got aches and pains and blood and my nose and stuffy nose and crap and things.
Scratchy throat.
I don't think I'm a scratchy day, am I?
No.
And thank God I'm sure his hell not coughing as much.
And it's a good thing.
Oh, here's, I had lost my oxygen.
I've only got three left.
I forgot where I placed them and they're by the mouse.
They're by the mouse that goes to the computer that we're not using right now because the phones are on it.
And I think Monday afternoon, okay?
At two if you have the time.
I do.
If you got the time, I got the beer.
Miller.
Is that spot Jones?
Yep.
That's Miller time.
But anyway, two o'clock a Monday afternoon will get that thing going.
You got five and two three years left anyway.
What's the big rush?
Like if we don't get girls on the day, what's the big man's deal with that?
Right.
It's going to change the array.
Oh, and you know, we got a big week coming up next week.
Yeah, we do.
Don't talk with that.
Lossinger.
You know, people I can't stand.
People say, Lossinger.
Why do people say that?
They do.
Everybody.
Oh, everybody in their brother says that.
Oh, yeah.
It's not come out of those Lossinger's and yeah, Lossinger.
I have never.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
I do that.
Mr.
Dong.
Now it's the struggle what it feels like for me to work with.
It was what I caught her
Who were you like that show was horrible awful awful, but we found a green something
All right, I think you're just saying that to be I don't know to be nice one of I like that show Chris
You never saw a video. I saw the reruns. It was you know, it was after school show horrible show
I wasn't that to show a John Revolta
Yeah, we're gonna be like this character on that show. I need that marino
And who is the teacher?
Gabe Kaplan, Gabe Kaplan with that silly ass mustache. Oh my god
The people guys who run around with silly ass moustaches like oh my what is that all about
But at least no, they still got the same silly ass mustache
Whatever the ring man your close personal friend he asked about you did he really?
Yeah, he said is that George jolt the same a holy always been I don't say anybody. I'm gonna say a word about one
He did wasn't talking behind your back. Whatever
Unlike some other people who talk behind my back right all your friends
Black leader and house denounces Bill Clinton's remarks, you know, I'm so glad
Because as much as she just I still can't get over the fact that she looks straight into the camera and she talks about
Counting the votes in Michigan in Florida
Hey, what is she talking about? Everybody agreed that they weren't gonna count and especially Michigan when everybody else took their name off the freaking ballot
Yeah, but she really wants them to do yeah, and I can't imagine why
And then maybe you just go right along singing their song and talking the same the same talking heads and pet you cannon and
The bitch Rachel Maddow from era America and all these other same stupid ass idiots
talking crap
Bapapapapa
So I watched some hockey last night
Yeah, I wasn't
It sucked Montreal won an overtime which really pisses me off really bad flyers blew it
They blew it right there in the last minute of regulation and they blew it in the first minute of overtime got it over fast and the damn redways won again
God I hate them like poison
The third ranking Democrat in the House of Representatives and one of the country's most influential African American leaders
sharply criticized former president Bill Clinton this day afternoon for what he called Mr. Clinton's bizarre conduct
During the Democratic primary campaign bizarre as the understatement of all time
Representative James the how come I didn't cross out the break at 40 we sure did it didn't we know yes
I get really nervous, but I don't cross it out and I think myself did we really do the breaker that I forget about
Well, you know how it is when you get to be old in senile and
Febral whatever that means right what does that mean Febral? I don't know did you make that up? No F.E.D. R.I. L.I.
They're such a word like
Incompetent like unable to like marked or caused by fever. Yeah, I don't have any fever
I don't think although I can go get to thermometer and stick it up my ass and see what it comes see what comes out
I induced that myself don't make me laugh
Representative James E. Clyburn and underclarared super delegate from South Carolina who's the Democratic whip in the house
Said that black people are incensed over all of this referring to statements of Mr. Clinton that made in the course of the heated race between
Solary and Barack
Mr. Clinton was widely criticized by black leaders after he equated the eventual victory of Obama in South Carolina in January for that
Reverend Jesse Jackson in 1988 a parallel that many took as an attempt to diminish Obama's success in this campaign
In a waiting interview on in the Philadelphia on Monday Clinton defended his remarks and said the Obama campaign played the race card on me
But making issue with those comments and an interview with New York Times like Thursday Mr. Clyburn said Mr. Clinton's conduct in this campaign
Because what might be an irreparable breach between Bubba and an African American constituency that wants to revered him when he was going through his
impeachment problems
It was the black community that bellied up to the bar Clyburn said I think black folks feel strongly this is a strange way
From President Clinton's so his appreciation see president Clinton don't give a crap about you dark folks wife folks all
He's about as getting that bitch in I hope I cook
Care to that's all you know that they got worked out. Mm-hmm. You know it make up for Monica. Mm-hmm
Mr. Clyburn added that there appeared to be an almost unanimous view among African Americans that Mr
And Mrs. Clinton were committed to doing everything they possibly can to damage Obama to a point that he could never win
correct
Mr. Clyburn was heavily courted by both campaigns before South Carolina's primary in June
But he stayed neutral and continues to vowing he wouldn't say or do anything that might influence the outcome of the race
He said he remains officially uncommitted as a super delegate and has no immediate plans to endorse either candidate
At one point before the South Carolina primary Mr. Clyburn publicly urged Mr. Clinton to chill a little bit chill bill
Asked there that whether the former president he did his advice, Mr. Clyburn said yeah for three or four weeks
So maybe three or four days
A Clinton campaign spokesman Jay Carson declined to specifically address Clyburn statements look president Clinton as an impeccable record on
Racial rights and issues that matter to African American community the strongest of any present our time Carson said
He had it and making his radio remarks on Monday the former president was simply reacting to a deeply offensive accusation
There runs counter to principles. He's held a more present to our life. He said it. They played it. He said it. He's a liar
I never had sex with that woman with that this one with that one
I never when he wags the finger when he starts touching his nose man. You know
Lion and lucky's dying
Bubba too many bubble maces from Bubba I
Think this poll is gonna go for bigger than Mary Tyler more you know it and the six million dollar man
Wow, I was thinking before people I get drunk to a point because I was thinking about in Montreal when they burned the police cars
We're riding in the streets on Monday night after they beat the limited the Bruins right and then when that's first series
I mean it's like the first series of the playoffs and the animals
They're the crazy frogs in Montreal, right in the streets
Just bustin up cars and setting them on fire and cop cars and stuff
And I was thinking about people like it so drunk that they act so bizarre
And I remember the beginning one of the first lines of the movie in network and
It was William Holden and Peter Finch
With that scene in the bar and the announcer says the near-waiter says and the two old friends got properly pissed
Right
Remember that that's better than improperly
Don't get improperly pissed
The Brits they use a lot of really I mean like piss off right right right in America. We say f off or screw off
But the Brits say piss off
To which I say yeah
Uh-huh, but to silly people silly as Brits. That's the problem in the world silly people
All the religion is to all the crap all the time look at Jeremiah Wright and look at this
Heggie heggies a guy that the McCain's got all
These Getskies man if they just
Schmidt can it. That's what you ought to do with all his religious craft Schmidt can it. Yeah, right put a cap on it
Put a lid on it have like a
Deadline like El Sikode mile would be good
We can celebrate both the Mexican Independence Day and the end of religion in the world if only
Just put it in and those last couple days just go wild man
I have the he be jeeves go running around and have all your big ceremonies and all that crap
Oh, here's that one here's Bob the com
College the program they're young they're old smart
They're probably mostly
I find it hard to believe sometimes that we have people that listen to the program
And the time it goes on till the time it goes on five days a week 52 weeks a year
These people listen when I'm not even on the show and I'm not listening when I'm not on the show
Edaboy Bob you tell Bob McClellan. He's a great broadcaster
I told you that before one of the few that I really respect he does a sports thing on the fan here
For like 30 some years he's kind of like the near-roaches of sports
Is that sound arrogant for me to say it that way? No, no, in other words, he and I have a lot in common
They don't take any crap
And we understand the audience for what they are you know, I'm saying nothing we don't have a lot of very nice people out there especially with that
ratings coming out next Friday although it's too late for that that thing is long since over you know for the winner book
I'm predicting a disaster okay great
No, I'm predicting a disaster. I don't know what to predict who knows who knows what March might bring
You know that song by L. Jolson
Which one about bringing May flowers that I don't remember how it goes April shower April showers
Oh, don't tell me you've got L. Jolson there a lot of our kids
Had those old Victo's you know remember the old Victo's have ever seen one of those oh
Not to all Jolson. I'm sorry. I have many in Miss Laurie
Yes, by the way you an answer all the show. I was 78 with those big thick needles on there. Oh, yeah
Yeah, I'm lazy even I'm not old enough for that stuff was huge
What did we buy that he was huge? Yeah, he was big. You know ask me why?
Exactly, I thought I was not
He was just a good showman. That's all he put on a good show, you know
Good act I guess
When April shower I was all yeah, I have to go get that don't go get it. Please don't start playing out Jolson for Krenna
I love we got over five years to go
Here's that poll result on Charlie B's very very scientific pool
Well, I noticed that your buddy Futsi kind of changed around his whole poll
They stopped doing the burritos or whatever he's doing something about the
Property tax and the thing on a ballot this fall and then slower to actually look at an issue thing
Real opposed to where's the best toilet paper what restaurants got the best toilet paper
Well, I'll tell you pull that we might actually do someday what restaurant in South Florida's got the best tea rooms
Okay
Ruth Priss always has magnificent bathrooms and
Usually with the ice in the urinals, you know, oh, yeah, there's not ice in the urinal. I feel like I don't even want to pee in it
81 votes on our new poll
Regarding Niels contract extension with WQ I am
84 votes he made the right call 29 26
He must be a satomasic is 10
Get ready for five more years of angst and grief seven
Still five more years of that f.ing bastard seven. Yes
Why six things can only get better six he'll live to regret it six
He resigned to hastily four he won't survive to the end of it four
Look what's happening we'd last couple days man. I'm sick sick
Those six five years of the worst he's known yet for that old coach should have just retired to
His career will go out not with a bang, but with a whimper to with a whimper
Hello everyone. This is the real Billy Idol. I'm not American
Someone will be crowned the next American Billy Idol
Nice haircut. It's 11.15. 60 WQ. I'm happy Friday to you. Thank you next Friday is gonna be a really pressure packed day
You
You don't think I do think you don't get excited about these things like oh you can't see I'm jumping up and down
You just can't see is he Chris is he jumping on bounce around? Yes
John McCain is in the whirlens today
The visit though that was yesterday to visit the hurricane ravaged 9th Ward and bolster support for his presidential campaign
The visit is part of his time for action tour, but a group of progressive activists will plan some action of their own during the
Republican candidates visit the presumptive nominee as they keep saying I wish they'd stop saying that
presumptive nominee
Move on.org is planning to present McCain with a petition calling on him to reject the support of a radical right wing preacher
Who said Hurricane Katrina was a manifestation of God's wrath against the world in because the city was planning to host a gay pride parade
The group is gathering virtual signatures
The petition reads John Haguey continues to blame the people of New Orleans for the
catastrophe of Katrina
Senator McCain if you reject intelligence and bigotry reject Haguey's political support and stop courting hate monitors like him
Amen hallelujah
McCain was speaking at Xavier University in New Orleans after a tour of the Lower Ninth Ward yesterday morning
Move on plan to present the petition during that speech
Well, how come this is like it's yesterday's story, but how come it's like in the past tense
Haguey's got a history of bigoted comments and stood by his New Orleans remarks just days ago and McCain's strategy is intentional
He's been working hard to court far right leaders like Jerry fall fall ball. How can he court him now?
Did I just dream that he croaked?
Huh?
Jerry Farrell and John Haguey despite their hateful views even when you're on another planet today don't the worry
Just don't okay. Yeah, he did croak. I know that
Even when he was pressed about Haguey's hateful view of McCain said it was glad to have his endorsement move on
Says and email the supporters encourage him to sign a petition
John McCain is relying for political support on a man who preaches bigotry and exclusion
Who spreads the kind of hate that allowed Katrina to become a man-made tragedy while the media is focused on his New Orleans visit
We need to call him on it a
McCain spokesman was on him used by the petition plan on him used
McCain's campaign spokesman Brian Rogers tells the swamp
John McCain has clearly stated he rejects these types of statements
It's unfortunate that at time when he's bringing people together in New Orleans the left-wing liberal group move on.org is engaged in the same old divisive political
Attacks that the American people are so sick and tired of right
It's okay to be carrying on about
Jeremiah right that's okay because that's the other side
Hague's also been criticized for disparaging Catholics Muslims and Gays and lesbians
The Democratic Party called on McCain to renounce Haguey earlier this year
He said he didn't agree with all the Haguey's positions, but he hasn't specified which specific statements he disagrees with
We need to let Senator McCain know he can't use New Orleans for a photo op while still accordingly political support
A hate-mongers like Haguey move on says New Orleans deserves better and America does too. Amen to that old
Toad nasty old temperamental toad. I think him and Baba Ottawa Lope the plan
Well, here's the a poll results from Indiana
Tighter than a witches earlobe
This is the latest Indiana poll
Obama 48 swillery 47 I
Why some what I said already
Civil and poll conducted March 31 to April 2
Found 49% for a swillery in Obama 46 so he's a moved ahead by one after training by three
The new poll as which candidate to run the more negative campaign 48% said swillery 23% said Obama and 21% equal
The WSBT South Bend Tribune poll conducted by telephone April 23rd and 4th in other words last couple of days
Titer than can be and of course when you come right down to it
Does it really I mean other than psychologically does it really make a difference if he wins the loses if it's gonna be there within one or two points
Right you know how many delegates you picked up net in Pennsylvania with her tell almost 10 point win about 30 no
Yeah, oh nine
She got 83 delegates he got 74
She picked up nine delegates all
And she ain't gonna win Indiana by no nine and a half points you can go you can take that to the bank
She probably ain't gonna win it period in North Carolina
She's it's better. All these ads that the right winners are running. She's they're gonna take a drugging
There's the voice of here's the voice of reason
Which proves that too many oxies are not good for your mind, okay?
Talk show host Rush Limbaugh is parking controversy again after he made comments calling for riots in Denver
During the Democratic National Convention this summer. This is a crazy person who ought to be put away somewhere
He said the riots would ensure a Democrat is not elected as president and his listeners have a responsibility to make sure it happens
Riots in Denver the Democrat convention would cede to it that we don't like Democrats Limbaugh said during his radio broadcast Wednesday
He then went on to say it's the best thing could happen to the country
Isn't um, you know that I leave you
inciting a riot yes
Except for him I see just track it basically go on to your do whatever he wants I can't really
Limbaugh cited Al Sharpton saying the Barack Obama supportive threatened to super delegates that there's gonna be trouble if the presidency is taken from Obama
Several callers called into the radio show to the Nouns Limbaugh's comments when he later stated
I'm not inspiring her inciting riots. I'm dreaming of riots in Denver. Oh, yeah, I definitely see the distinction right
Oh
Limbaugh said with massive riots in Denver, which he called Operation chaos the people on the far left would look bad
There won't be riots at our convention limbaugh said the Republican National Convention we don't riot
We don't burn our cars. We don't burn down our houses. We don't kill our children
We don't do half the things the American left does now
He just said a bunch of kids over to Iraq to get killed is what you do and kill hundreds of thousands of innocent people who
Could be alive that they instead but nevertheless
And rape the public your president and his Saudi buddies banned our Bush and that whole bunch of well-dressed go-em
Thank you for the record gas prices Mr
President 358 for regular now 393 for premium and 423 for diesel
Just put it up for me on CNN as I was going into that is that good timing or just blind luck look both
Anyway, where says he believes electing Democrats will hurt America's security and economy
And appeared to call his listeners to make sure that doesn't happen. Gee what is prize?
We do hopefully the right thing for the sake of this country than Aussie said
We're the only one in charge of our affairs
We don't farm out our defensive. We elect Democrats and riots in Denver at the Democratic Convention
We'll see to it. We don't elect Democrats and that's the best damn thing the Canna-Canapida this country as far as I can think
Limbaugh said as far as he can think pop in too many axes man. Rodger was used to be a mediocre brain
Later limbaugh downplayed his dreaming riots in Denver statement
Said he wasn't calling for rights and was referring to warnings of trouble of super delegates to decide the nomination at the
Democrat National Convention which has nothing to do with what he really said
And you know damn well that they're not going to overturn the well because then there will be some real tourists if they try to do that
Limbaugh's comments prompted Denver mayor John Hickadooper to say anyone who would call for riots in an American city is clearly lost their bearings
Lost their bearings in other words
Limbaugh and of course people will listen to him of also
Limbaugh lost their bearings a long time ago
But dido heads the diminishing number of them by the way
And the fact that we kick his ass in most every book even with our diminishings on this station which are scandalous
And a result of horrendous mismanagement and lack of promotion, but nevertheless we still usually beat the crap out of him
Spide all the valley who in all their billboards
Oh, we're killed for your channel. We own all the billboards nearly. I'll go for you
cheap bunch of bastards phony's phony baloney
I'm putting the oil on the market. I'm accepting offers. I'm uh, oh remember that story that early bruh
Her story as soon as I read that I shouldn't know
This wasn't about me. It wasn't about you. It wasn't even about fat Chris. It was all about Norma
I'm doing this and I'm doing that and I'm hey, what you did
What you know what he did? I know what he did
Now be nice now you make me to call another Wednesday's lunch right
Because he hates you like poison whatever
But he denies it, but I know he does. Yeah, well the difference between uh him doing something for me and not is negligible
Well, no, what's that mean? I thought it would be obvious
Come on Norma you can do it. That's all right. No, thanks
I'm good. He could be there lunch with you guys. That's all right
Which would really piss off a Joe Joe hates me too. I don't blame them. Although everybody Joe's got a problem with you know
That the marlins and with of course that's okay because the marlins are a bunch of idiots
Like David Samson. They hate each other like poison
Who else is that hates jolly Joe? I forget I
Your Joe Rose talking about all the time
Is it somebody in the dolphins organization? I know Tom jicke
Oh, that's there's another one Tom jicke
Which is why we got such a great story out of time. I mean a son sale course
If he would have left a phone number I would have called him back and he could have written a story if he really wanted to see
I really I mean he wrote the blog which is a nice thing. He's written some nice pieces recently
Through all of his angst I've gone through last few months here
But if he really wanted to write a story about my resigning here and do this new deal
He knows the number because he called her two or three times in love messages and never left to return number
And the one day when he says I know you're at woodbind
But you know if you're back within a half hour
How could I be back in my in a helicopter or what you could be
You fly now fat Chris ought to be asking me in my current physical state should I be going to woodbind tomorrow or five in the morning?
Yes, or when I
You know you better watch it because if you don't I'm gonna look at that picture of you again. Uh-huh. I'll take a better one
I think David's just look at it this way
Some people don't photograph well
Sure some some people photograph very well. Now when you see him in person like she is that the person that was in the picture
You know what I mean? Uh-huh
And then there are just some people who are no test
Thanks
I
Guess we missed the memo on the new format the one about screaming
We could do that
Not
Not the kind of scroll but screaming like Joe Rose does in the jerk starts
At least starts that show every day and usually I try to get out of here before that music starts
Yes screaming and puking and wailing and
Now is that to get the attention to the audience to make sure that they know he's on I think that's not that idea by the way
143 votes on our pool did I screw up by our what and so far 37 said I made the right move
How do you like that? I read what do you think I voted for uh, what was it get ready for five more years of angst and grief
Oh
I'm ready. I'm not expecting anything to change like that thing with the streaming today is that still going on or do we know
We don't know I don't know
And it's the ending piece out of the way what waiting to hear back from Eric
Well Eric better give us a little heads up and heads down. You know what they call that no in Orlando no legal. Oh
Um, so we know about that
So end of paysock I told you it was more than one or two days you'd go in man. You think you know something
Sitting there reading a calendar like I don't know that pass over goes on for like days and days and ever
Why would you stock up with 50,000 pounds of mozzah for only for one day?
I give up because you like it now. I'm trying to think of who it was
Which sales hole and which station was it this station or was it i.o.d
Would they try to talk me into that lasex surgery?
Uh periodically it uh it comes up so I think probably both places
And I'm pretty sure it was here because it was screwing and got all that out of shape
Oh, well why won't he do it and I tried to spain it or I don't I don't myself make myself into a human guinea pig like mr. ego for the cell spots
I'm not interested in anybody slicing into my eye. Okay. I'm not interested. I don't know how to do it. I don't want. I don't want
Okay, I'm sure it was on the station
Well, why won't he do it we don't understand why what because I don't want
Let's somebody go slice your eyes
Patients armed by lasex surgery alternated between fury and despair today
Is the total federal health officials of suffering years of eye pain blurred or double vision even if people driven to suicide
Why won't he'll do it for us? I don't understand what's wrong with him. He won't cooperate with the sales department. He's always such a bastard
Go find another guinea pig bitch
Too many Americans have been harmed by this procedure. It's about time the message was heard said David
Shella Washington DC who had lasex 98 and says he hasn't experienced the moment of crisp good quality vision ever since
We said again. He says he hasn't experienced the moment of crisp good quality vision since
Coldendorian was a college student when he was told he wasn't a good lasex candidate
But went ahead anyway and his father Gerald described six years of eye pain blurred vision before reading his son
Suicide note to an FDA panel. I can't and won't continue facing this horror he said
Matt Katsavolus actually worked for the Duke eye center
We had a more sophisticated lasex procedure in 2006 and said doctors classified him as a success because he now has
2020 vision something Katsavolus charges a deceptive industry practice
For the last two years. I've suffered debilitating an unremitting eye pain. He said patients don't want to continue to exist as helpless victims with no voice
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm
A decade after lasex hit the market the FDA is taking a new look
And whether warnings about its risk are appropriate and pairing with eye surgeons for major study to better understand why
Who has bad outcomes and why?
Most lasex recipients do walk away with crisp revision and the American Society for
Cataractin refractive surgery reviewed study showing about 95% of patients say they are satisfied with their outcome
But not everyone's a good candidate and an unlikely fraction unlucky fraction do suffer life changing side effects
Provision even with glasses painful dry eyes glare or inability to see your drive at night
All of these things how big are the risks?
The FDA agrees that about 5% of patients are dissatisfied with lasex how many struggle daily with side effects
How many are less harm but unhappy they couldn't completely list their glasses the range of effects on patients quality of life is
A big unknown and the reason the FDA help have held a public hearing today as part of its new move
Clearly there's a group who are not satisfied and then don't get the kind of results they expect it Dr. Daniel Schultz
The FDA medical device chief the study should oppose predict who those patients might be before they go ahead and have the procedure and then oops
Oh too late sorry
Sorry mister
About 7.6 million Americans have undergone some former laser vision correction including the two thousand dollar per eye lasex
Lasex is quick and if no problems occur painless
Doctors cut a flap in the cornea the clear covering of the eye aim at a
Of the eye aim a laser underneath it and zap to reshape the cornea for sharper sight
This is so poorly even you couldn't read it
Doctors advise against lasex for one and four people to seek the surgery said dr. Kerry Solomon of the medical university here those sirens again
Not yet
You can't hear him not yet
They're there wow
Said dr. Kerry Solomon of the medical university of South Carolina who let a review of lasex safety for the AS
CRS their pupils may be too large or cornea is too thin or they may have some other condition that it creates the risk of porocom
Solomon estimates that fewer than one percent of patients have severe complications that lead poor vision
Other side effects. However, I harder to pin down dry eye for example can range from an annoyance to so severe
That people suffer intense pain and need surgery to retain with a little moisture their eyes form
That's the kind of question the FDA's new studies being designed to answer
Dry eyes come and even among people who never have eye surgery and increases his people age
Solomon says that 31% of lasex patients have some degree of it before the surgery and that about 5% worsened afterward
But dry eye specialist dr. Craig founder of the University of North Carolina says other research suggest
48% of patients experience some degree of dry. I at least temporarily after lasex cutting the corneal flat
Sever's nerves responsible for stimulating care production
And how well those nerve healing turn determines how much dry eye lingers long term. He said
The stival angle was singing air v day. I have to cry some remember stival angle. No, you know
You know, however
But it was really great to have those 78 rpm. Like I said when you would drop them that was it
There were no great no chance that I would backtrack and crumble into like, you know chunks
Kind of like I'm coughing up right now if you're not not enough though
I'd be real happy if I was coughing up the real goopy green, you know, and hmm browsed up real dark. Yeah
Oh, look at this are they serious complications?
Well in addition to today's hearing the FDA and eye surgeons will conduct a major study and they're
They hope that they'll be able to better predict the type of lase. I think they're listening to show whatever story
I do then they're on top of you know set. Mm-hmm talk about the gas prices all the so we took up all the national gas prices
Well, it helped believe you me you've lost me forever. I'll tell you that all you grabrovers
It's you and get them off the air now
Big sports leader log on to wqam.com and sign up for
All right my
$3.37
Gallon
It reaches a fill my tank with
All's give it a shot
1133 27 will do the QM we got the jerk show at two and then mad dog at daisy dukes and joined by Joe roas from five to seven
I'm sure that's dragged intensive. Am I right? I'm sure it will be. Oh boy
Now what's the deal with that? I probably shouldn't even mention it because then you'll play it again
That horrible thing with the voice of God about the draft and or the clock is wrong. What is that?
Can we just play that before the show? That was the ID that they played to go out
Oh, so we didn't play it. No, we don't play that. Oh, yeah, if you'd like. No, we can we can
Play that as the ID for today instead of the you know the
Because it's okay
All right, I'll play it. Don't do it
Okay done. I'm just curious because you know
Were your dolphin station? We might be really draft intensive
Maybe could anything be more important than who's gonna run fast and jump high
So I like who's that can make it all the alignment is gonna suit up next Eric cummer. I was gonna suit up for the dolphin
I'll never forget that lackluster Joseph Gackie saying that an iodee that day and I thought
Why does he sound like so excited about it?
Eric cummer. I was gonna want to put it all for you. Yeah big deal and who the hell ever heard Eric freaking cummer. Oh
How did that work out Chris?
Don't know. I don't think I was really watching how much back then no
Doug Thompson says Hillary Clinton's racist appeal
One expects racism from Republicans that part of the elephant could merge with just about any white supremacy group and not miss a beat
Hell most people wouldn't see any difference
But over racism from a Democrat is something else
Although it shouldn't surprise anyone that swallery Rodham Clinton would use racism in her anything goes quest for the Democratic presidential nomination
Exit polls from Tuesday's Pennsylvania primary shows nearly a fifth of those who went to the polls and met racism determined how they voted
And that's just those who admitted it most racist will swear on the stack of eyeballs that they don't hate blacks
Hillary Clinton won Pennsylvania because she painted the over racism that exists among blue collar whites as well as the latent racism in too many others
She won because the bulk of her appeal comes from the less educated the less tolerant and the less intelligent among us
If you're a stupid illiterate gun-totan white hick you probably voted for Hillary
And so did your ignorant baby popping big-haired wife as well as that bleached blonde bar made that you're seeing on the side
Now before you hoist your stars bars clean your your AR-15 and hunt me down as another northeastern liberal who looks down as knows it
Just plain folk remember that I can talk about chicken fried racism with some authority
Because I'm a product of that culture a son of the south raised in the Bible belt where something Baptist
Soared wild oats on Saturday night and then went to church on Sunday and prayed for crop failure
Where I come from the guys with a John Deere hats talk about how they voted for Hillary in the Virginia Democratic primary
Because it'll be a cold day in hell before I vote for the nigger
But racism in America is not limited to the guy with 185 voting average in West Confederate mudflaps on this pickup
It's not limited to those out of work Pennsylvania red next to drink boiler makers
Racism is alive and well in the halls of power in Congress on the floor linear stock exchange and in the boardroom is of America's largest corporations
Many Americans talk about game when it comes to race and equality
But there's still bubbles in their hearts and minds and bubbles hate and distrust anything that ain't lily white and just like themselves
And those racists are gathering around their candidate to choice a bleached blonde carpet bagger who adapts yourself to whatever political
Environmental takes to win an election
Hillary right and Clinton may not really be one of their own
But this race she's white and for them that's all that matters
At a wide dog
See he and I are about the only two people in the whole country use that term redneck as far as yeah
I'm not talking about every day conversation, but as far as in the media
You just don't hear that nobody in the none of the talking heads talk about the redneck vote
Am I right? Yeah, and that's why I was starting I interrupted myself
Maybe it was yesterday because I was under the weather under the weather they said it again. I don't know what it means
I felt like crap. How's that all right? I still feel like crap, but not as not as much crap as yesterday
And I haven't had one coughing fit on here today you proud of me. I say yeah. It's getting all already almost to noon
Didn't even have to lean on them cough crops
Well, I got I got a couple here not enough. I probably ought to go cross this street and get some more oxygen
Hall's oxygen sugar free. Yeah, you know get that pikes in for free
182 vote on the poll
What was that first one about farts Mills? Well, I'm sure good. I schmit can't that
What I'm what oh?
You know Charlie you did a good job for a long time. We made a good effort, but
Maybe I miss him he did he re-recent me the possum one right and he chewed me out
He said that was for George damn it. I wrote it on the top of the page. That was for George. You idiot. I don't want it
Yeah, he don't want any part of it. Okay, George is gonna do a poll on yeah. Have you ever killed a possum? Mm-hmm
I
May if you did a poll have you ever killed an animal
Okay, I mean I've killed guppies when I was a kid in school. We used to that sure I told you ants lizards right
Roaches. Oh, yeah, George smokes in my step-on
Have you ever killed a possum?
possum
Yes, I'm even footsie would turn that down
Even he would say oh, I don't think so
Regarding the else contract who's that kid on CNN? They're clan Rollins. How was that?
Dressed like me and had us heard
What is it? I said dear to dear to dear. Yeah. He's a Yehu. Oh, it's Chester field
Where else Chester field 100 or so established in 1785 if there was ever a
Model for small town America. This is it
For people here he's a great source of the major source of entertainment and pride
The nearest shopping mall the nearest theater to Chester field is 40 miles away
So what do high school kids do after school each other?
A lot of them hang out across the street from the feed store
That's where we found there is a real redness there's a young redness the younger that caber came here
No, I'm not gonna speak to you. That's a redneck
Did they isolate themselves from the rest of the kids?
Well, they stood outside, but I mean they weren't they stood outside. I mean there that's a real redneck right there take a snapshot. No, thanks
187 he made the right call Neil on his new deal 46 he lived to read red at 23 he resigned to hastily 17
Schmidt five more years of that f-ing bastard 16
Why 15
Neil must be a Sadomasicus 14 thanks to only a better 14 hold your breath. Huh? Oh
If you're ready for five more years of angst and grief 11 he won't survive to the end of it nine
That's what you think I'll be here just to be a bastard
Those five years of the worst he's known yet nine
His career will go out not with a bang, but with a whimper eight
Mm-hmm
And that old coach had just retired only five
Wasn't that sweet out of 187? I'm cool. It's not bad
Huh, I said that's not bad 47 said he made the right call. I like George and said I shouldn't negotiate it for him a much better deal
I should have told Norm to say oh Neil's not citing and tuning at least a 400,000 year for George. There you go
And a hundred thousand year for Chris sure. Yeah, don't forget Bokob while you're at it and 500,000 year for chicken
That'll look at his name
This is no Rajas
The fourth leader log on to wqam.com and sign up for the QAM mock draft challenge
For your chance to win season tickets to the 2008 Miami Dolphin season brought to you by
As the claims agenda helping you be insured whether the store
Presidentay on jack day make sure you're a day's excuse for ice-hulled presidential special vitamin water
Tryeths for three last sixty QAM
New
Al
To
to QM now we get an update from Eric on whether we're on Pukin gravely on the feed still
has that answered really they said it was on a long distance call or something yeah have
it heard from Brandon about whether it ever cleared up somebody would think I'm my
space or somewhere a fax a message in a bottle one of those planes of one of those
banner planes you know generally speaking of the complaints keep coming in until the
problem clears up yeah I haven't gotten any lately really right I'm wondering
somebody will have the decency to tell us you know it wouldn't take you
with that long to say it's just fine right now and bug off you can't
understand what we're saying and we're asking a question they can't
understand what we're saying it's that bad oh I don't know I don't think so
North Carolina Republican leaders are standing by a TV had critical of
Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama despite the session their own
ranks and two stations refusal to even air it Republican National Committee
member Linda Shaw said yesterday she was shocked that her colleagues decided
to produce and air the ad which shows the bomb with his former pastor Jeremiah
Wright and a clipper rights anti-US comments I don't support it Shaw said I had
nothing to do with it I'm very disappointed Shaw a long time party leader says
he repeatedly urged State Party chairwoman Linda Davies to withdraw the spot
John McCain asked party officials not to run the ad on Wednesday and again
Thursday I can't dictate to North Carolina Republican Party with their
messages but I can dem it and I can't appeal to the overwhelm I can't appeal
to the overall majority of Republicans on the state of North Carolina we can't
say I'll campaign in New Orleans what is all that rack it out there man you hear
it no is there a dim one of those big ass trucks you can't hear that nope God
finally stop yeah cut the crap doing a high paid radio show here you jackass
have a nice day state to be spokesman Brent Woodcox said that officials still
plan to air the ad Monday beginning with the evening newscasts he said the
party hadn't completed details on the size of the ad by despite the ads focus on
Obama Woodcox has said it's aimed to democratic gubernatorial candidates
Richard Moore and Berk Purdue both of endorsed Obama Illinois Senator the ad was
posted online Wednesday WRAL TV in Raleigh and WSOC TV in Charlotte have
declined to run the spot Woodcox and station officials said Jim Hepner vice
president general manager WRAL said the station had determined the ad was
inflammatory and decided not to run without knowing that McKinnell National
Republicans had objected to it democratic party officials have criticized the
ad on Thursday state Democratic Party chairman Jerry Meek urged Republican
Senator Elizabeth Dole to use her power to keep it off the air as the highest
ranking Republican in the state you have both the ability and responsibility to
erase this stain on our state makes him later to dole your silence tells
North Carolinians that you'll also sanction similar gutter tactics in your own
campaign dole said that if you she don't want to get involved I'm concentrating
on getting my work done here in the Senate I'm just going to get into referring
a third party political ad that has nothing to do with my race she said Obama
campaign question McCain's efforts to get the ad off the air the fact you're
all a honky now no the honky yeah honkeys but here to for hours almost two
you hear that no what is going on out here they look at the city's gone crazy
crazy so Eric's meal and the other audio sounds are much better but George's
Mike is real hot I don't know what it is you level everything off
so I don't know sounds okay to me on this end well what is this is not a
year though is it this is on the stream just on the stream hmm we hope it was on
here we begin at least four or five complaints right to the fact that
Senator McCain can't get his own part to take down this misleading personal
attack had raises serious question about his promise to the American people at
Hawaii civil respectful campaigns that Obama campaign spokeswoman Harry
Samu-Gun North Carolina holds its presidential primary may six with
115 delegates at stake I just looked at the newest North Carolina pool he's
twenty five points ahead Obama well here's the Indiana Pulse when I told you
before Obama forty eight Clinton forty seven five percent unsure that's the
brand new up to date he's one point ahead like I said if it you know either way
if it turns out within a couple of points she's not going to pick up any real
number of delegates there she can't win there's no mathematical way for her to
win none good cannot happen well that's trying the media's trying for her oh they
sure are the establishment they don't want some outsider coming on in there's
some you know hot shot outsider talking about chains they don't want change they
want the status quo baby they want their money in everybody's pocket they want to
be able to raise the price of gas and in fact I'm predicting here a buck 80
a liter by the summer oh nice what does that means well there's three point six
liters per gallon so you yeah you want to do not know like about six bucks a
gallon already bleeding up the years just when you say you know what I said nope six
bucks a gallon how do you like that I don't and of course if it's like that here
it means like five fifty there it's it's gonna be a mess because you're you're
forgetting we're not yet in the summer driving season when they go out of
their way to gouge people when they know they have to drive a lot for like the
fourth of July and Independence Day and stuff like that that's coming up labor
day looks like I'd be really getting to work from now and that's right if you're
smart you get you a bicycle I had one that got stolen
well still somebody else's back good idea like an amp today there's so many damn
bicycles every time you go like to the department store like to buy in
Corp and have this big big area where people park all their bikes I still don't
understand at the end of the day when somebody comes out to get their bike how
look the same 90% of them look the same there's subtleties they're all black there's
subtleties I mean someone got like a flower antenna like if my mom was there she'd
have you know a flower antenna like being in Florida I got a flower antenna now
so I know where the car is yeah but everybody has a flower antenna set same
orange ball in the other half of that car by the way well that's right my brother
I gave the car to my brother
huh anyway here's the deal on the pull we got 216 vote that's not too bad what time
we put that on there into the show about a 10 30 and yeah 10 20 10 30 it's
dollar breaks so probably 10 30 break let's see streaming not created says about 78%
quality but listening listenable better than yesterday oh yesterday I guess it
was really bad those are my dying and they would they would tell us the
MSI down because that's like faithful listeners boy here come more siren there
must be the end of the world going on out there it's a good thing I'm in here
doing a radio show you hear it let's know yeah wow I can see those flashing lights
it just it doesn't stop anymore I wonder what that's all about morning noon
the night it just goes on and on and on well thank you mr. President for the
increased prices and food too by the way that's right soft load of restaurant
orange and bakers that use rice and flour say rising cost may soon be served up
to customers moreover two major US retailers this we can post restrictions on
purchases of rice in response to the soaring global demand more expensive
flour poses a dilemma for restaurants such as Anthony school fired pizza
which uses about 750 pounds of flour week at its nine locations from adventurer
to Palm Beach Gardens flour has doubled in price since he or go we've eaten
most of the cost at Anthony Bruno founded the Fort Lauderdale based chain who
said he has raised the price of few items on the menu 25 or 50 cent
restaurant owners hesitate to raise prices too much because they don't want to
lose diners in the slowing economy used to abundant supplies to cheap food
US shoppers were taken aback this week when grocery discounters sams club
began limiting customers to four twenty pound bags of rice citing reasons
applying to man trends rival Costco follow suit and some stores although not in
Florida for shoppers at sams club in Miramar Thursday had heard about the
rice shortages and were concerned I'm not happy with its have conrad Jackson
Miramar resident couldn't find use is usual brand of rice usually buys a twenty
pound bag a big old sack Greg Cola and Atlanta based rice bar for Costco
southeast reason said that week harvest last year in China Indian Indonesia set
off the global scramble for rice some countries are importing more rice from
the US which along with higher transport cost is causing higher domestic prices
despite the growing demand of counter rice still cost under a bucket many
South Florida stores publics have seen the 30 to 60 percent increase in rice
prices in January one since folks will mink in early jager although supplies
remain more than adequate thanks god no shortage we have plenty rice next to
what she said grossers have yet to ration flower but its prices way up for
reasons that are those affecting rice of poor harvest not strugged is blamed
for prices reaching a record thirteen fifty a bushel in late February the cost
of weed is fact in the finish goods such as breakfast cereal chips crackers
frozen dinner rolls as well as basic present cookies all over the course will
kill you so maybe it's not so bad
the best
out of the
new projects
forty five sixty qa m
and
and
and
I think I just uh... qualified for the genius book records
what you do when we're doing at last uh... break
yeah
all of a sudden nature started calling up trying to have a holocaust strategically
take care of that situation
mhm
and so once that bit started
which i let me just check
uh... how long is it to twenty one look at today count down to two minutes
and i thought well i can certainly do it to
and we're not a few of my number
i went very anesthetically i want to know that i want to get it and they didn't
just get the paperwork and i came back and we're forty one seconds left in
the count down
a minute
and nineteen seconds
right
from start to absolute finish that might be record
i'll keep a lot of it's not a record i mean i've been better than that
but i'll put under duress
under my dress
while that was even i shocked myself when i came back and saw that was forty one
second left
okay let's uh... cut with all that expatory activity okay let's talk about
taking a joys
part of life though you know
how do i get it's see there's one thing
when you think about the differences among people
there's one thing in common
bodily functions right
i don't want to go there all the way up that bit that you know it's a
you're ready to go there
bodily function there it is
and that's about it right
uh...
stop it before it gets fun
trying to kill
you know i
see if i start laughing then we're coughing jam ok will don't last back
i think by monday i'll be back to normal i'm sure i don't think i'll be making
any early appearance of what bind in the morning
christ
oh well
sorry
it's okay
i would have to be a little bit crazy to go monday night would certainly
didn't help the situation
not only that lose a few hundred bucks but also um
had to make a couple of wild runs for the same purpose i just accomplished and
uh... start getting a little bit of the cheels you know
because it was freezing in there one thing about any casino anywhere you go it's
always freezing there because they want to keep you awake in alert
don't get tired because you might have a home or go to you know especially in
vegas
when you're staying in a hotel
they want to keep you awake in live in the world they pump oxygen there
i heard that
that's true
we should do that in other places too
lucky were like right there like we are radio stations
they pump really bad air in there because you know you're at heart that's
probably why you sound like you got the mic in your mouth that's what brand new
said i sound better now and everything else sounds okay except
jordan still sounds like he's got
what can i say
239 votes on the full our goal is uh... three fifty
also second poll of the day you know
we settle for that
you know not you
oh christ
you got to do with it
that is that all for that
you'll settle for whatever we get how do you like that mister hot shot
well i was doing say that but i know that i've got some hot and sour soup in
the refrigerator that could heat up
that would be ordered to say yes today
quite a week here man i'll tell you
and astonishing week
that i say we are a chance that's not good that you said well that's why
you're the chinese you know you want to have a Chinese people to support
when we took that poll
that's right because i keep saying we ordered to say that's right
you're the chinese for your racism
i love the chinese what are you talking about yeah you're going to get a
look at ones
guys
and so one of the things i have a near is this really it's very strong
it's not just your regular hot and sour i mean it is really
pungent
you know i mean
all
like red
uh... almost red or like orange
right orange
if you're something like that
not really i could heat it up now during this next break and then try to sample
it on the air maybe they would do the trick
or heat up the need it up
or
or might send me back from more of the uh... recent
either way
since you got that down
either way get out of your system and when you when you're ill
when about the flu of the issue of your system keep running the team will
make keep running in there and doing your number
all your numbers one to two or three
whatever numbers you can do it do them
you see a good number do them
good idea
former u.s president jimmy Carter said Wednesday
secretary state kind of reasons not to talk to the truth about warning she said
a department gave Carter not to speak to a mosque before middle east trip
lion bitches what he said
that's kind of these are lion bitch
treated and say but it was thinking
the state department said you have to assist in secretary state david welch
the top u.s. diplomat for the middle east issue the warning before car
preventive release diplomacy went on his trip last week
why said in kawaii on twos day we counsel president carder against going to
the region and especially against having contact with hamas
president carder has the greatest respect for rice and believes her to be a
truthful person however
perhaps inadvertently she's continuing to make a statement that is not true
the statement issued by the Carter center Atlanta said on wednesday
no one in the state department any other department of the u.s. government ever
asked Carter to refrain from his recent visit to the middle east or even
suggested that he not meet with
sirian president Assad or leaders of hamas it said
called him a bunch of far-bisoned goyam
said Carter attempted to call rights before making the trip and the deputy
returned his call since rice was in europe
they had a very pleasant discussion for about fifteen minutes during which he
never made anything negative or cautionary comments described above he never
talked to anyone else the statement said
Carter had already on monday then he would npr described as absolutely false
any suggestion he'd been more not to meet a mass
the u.s. is not going to deal with a mass we certainly told president Carter
we did not think that meeting with him was going to help the palestinians
rice at Tuesday while attending conference in Kuwait I wonder if she was
shopping for shoes with some of her air buddies
the white house backed rice and said events after Carter's meeting showed Hamas
is true character
Carter is a private citizen made a decision not to comply with what the state
department asked me to do my house folks woman Dana for our until reporters
on wednesday
prime of the parent reference to an attack on saturday
which a palestinian suicide bomber to other government were killed when they
attacked a border crossing between the Gaza strip in israel
winning thirteen israeli soldiers
actions speak louder than words said piranoo Hamas
Hamas which controls gossips views a terrorist organization by the west european
union and israel
Carter who met Hamas leader Khaled Mishal in cereal for the weekend
is trying to draw the islamis group into peace talks with palestinian president
machhmoud Abbas and israeli prime ministered the far far business a
who'd all-murt
but rice and other senior u.s. officials are concerned that Carter's meeting
could confuse u.s. brokered peace talks already moving the slow pace between
al-Az and al-Murth
the problems that people losing their jobs and having the shift overseas
we're not going to
deal with health care in a meaningful way for families and that's why i'm in
this race
uh... and so
i am going to make sure
uh... in the remaining contest that we continue to deliver that
message uh... in every venue possible
uh... and as aggressively as possible
uh... because i'm confident that ultimately the american people agree with me
you know they're going to try to get out ready to put every roadblock in his way
and every
that's what the shakinri never been a crap and you know he's still going to win
i'll tell you
he's still going to win
and then you know what that i fear for his safety
i said that before sure i haven't thought much about it for weeks and weeks
since i said and i'm thinking about it again
because there's too much in play for the powers that be for the uh...
right the establishment
indian
ie
uh...
please
they were meaning
back in yony i thought she'd
if
compatible
ma dr
dedication
should just save those for. Got a fight. That's a bad guy with some
Sarane rap in with me. Sure. Regarding Niels contract extension with WQM, we have
247 votes and 51. Look at that. Saying Neil made the right call. How do you
like that? In spite of what George thinks. Things next week, I forgot about your
big meeting on Wednesday. Yep. I might serve you more important in the book.
Possibly. Although if we get that big rating on the book, we get that big bonus.
Mm-hmm. For a change. No. What happened? Take it to the bank.
Because you're sure you're not taking no bonus money to the bank. Right. But of course
this is for the next five years you're going to be negotiating. We think.
He might offer you one month at a time deal. What does that mean? Are you trying to
like already sour the deal? No, no. I have no idea what the deal is going to be.
See, you're approaching with such a negative attitude that I think he's going to
shine you. Okay. But you like me? I didn't. I didn't heat this up quite enough.
Oh, well, 30 seconds would have been good. Want to go back and do it? No. All right.
Well, it's okay. It doesn't have to be steamy hot because it's already hotter than blazes
from all the the spices. Oh, wow. I never realized the common thread between Mexican food
and like Chinese and Thai food. All the spices they use. Hot spices. Oh, hot peppers.
Mm-hmm. Just scald your brains out. Ed and four lottery else got a good pull. About
a hundred other people suggested to me. Maybe we'll do it next week or maybe not. How
expensive will gas be before you use mass transit or car pulling? Four bucks a gallon,
four fifty a gallon, five dollars a gallon. I use mass transit or car pulling now or I'll
never use mass transit or pulling. It's not bad. Not bad. No, I could slip one of the
stories out from underneath this container of soup. Mm-hmm. But then I risked, I run
the risk of like spilling the soup which I've been able to do. You know, like the tablecloth
tray. No. No. It's a very bad idea. So I think I'll let you and Chris talk for a couple
minutes. All right. I pulled a story out. I started talking about drafts. I had a pull
a stir out from out of the soup because you know, we can only afford so much of that
crack. Soup. Al Jolson. Oh, the nomination of General David Patrice to be the new head
of the Central Command not only ensures that he'll be available to defend the George W. Bush
administration's policies to Iran and Iraq, at least through the end of Bush's term and
possibly even beyond. It also gives Vice President Cheney, you know, let's see the picture
in me. He's got that real. Arvisson look. Greater freedom of action to export the option
of an air attack against Iran during the administration's final months. Don't that be
lovely? Mm-hmm. Patrice will take up the sent-com post in late summer early fall, according
to Defense Secretary Robert Gates. The ability the administration to threaten Iran with
an attack both publicly and behind the scenes have been dramatically reduced in 2007 by opposition
from the former sent-com commander Admiral William Fallon until he stepped down from the
post under pressure from Gates in the White House last month. You're out, baby. Patrice
has proved himself willing to cooperate closely with the White House policy lines in Iraq
and Iran, arguing against any post-surge reduction in troop strength policy and blaming
Iran for challenges to the U.S. military presence. Along with the difference to Patrice
and Congress and the media, his ployability on those issues made him the obvious choice
to replace Fallon. He's a yes-man, a but sucker. But Patrice had already effectively taken
over many of the powers of sent-com commander last year. As the top commander in Iraq,
Patrice was in theory beneath Fallon in the Cheney Command, but in reality, Patrice ignored
Fallon's view and took orders directly from the White House. Patrice in effect was playing
the role of sent-com commander in regard to the twin issues of Iraq and Iran. And it goes
on, it's like, but they don't. So they want to revenge a yes-man so they can do their
Iraq attack and then they get McCain in there and then we can blow off the whole world
would be good. Oh yeah. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised if McCain and Cheney are the same
person. Hadn't thought of that. Put on a glass as you know. I haven't seen them together.
They do a little something, a little number on his cheek. Well, this stuff is really just
smoking hot. I'm not talking about temperature-wise. Smoking? Wow. Have you heard the difference
in my voice since I meet my hot and sour soup? No. No. You're supposed to say, oh yeah,
man, oh yeah. But you didn't and you won't. No. Well Thursday ought to be quite a show.
ought to be. Post-most meeting with Jolly Joe. How about your Chris is going to be all whipped
up about that? Chris being the Yentah that he is. Oh yeah, of course. It's been a long time since
you've given us any news about what's going on around around the joint. Well, you know,
once they find out that he's in on the show here. Oh, they claim up. You bet. Nobody
talks to me anymore except for Lee and Steve Sloan and Walt Pete Lenny. What do they know?
Wow. What don't they know? How do we wind up with Jolly's by the way? Let me look. I'll look.
Okay. 49. Well, that's not so bad. It means we sold over half. We sold 51. Right. They were great.
I'm a dyrist. Food was great. Nice people. I mean, what more could you want? But right. That's our
crowd, you know. Sometimes yes. Sometimes no. Come see. Come sigh. Yeah, whatever.
Play six past noon. A QA in the Kentucky Derby. One of sports most anticipated events takes place
Saturday, May 3rd next Saturday week from tomorrow. And there's no better place to experience all the
action in Gulf Stream Park. The nation's premier watching major facility as an added bonus to local fans. Big
brown winner of Gulf Streams Florida Derby will be running in the race. Don't miss a chance to
root a mom while sipping a traditional mid-Jewel. And while the big race is the big story, there's a
full day of activities playing with something for everybody. All day, they're given away great
prizes like laptop computers, GPS system, digital cameras and lots more. And for the all the
material seekers, they'll have on display the world's most exotic power boats. It's horsepower,
meat horsepower, plus only Gulf Stream Park features Vegas style slots, an olympic poker room
in the latest video poker games and fabulous dining at 10 palms of Christine Leeds. Don't miss the
Kentucky Derby next Saturday, May 3rd at Gulf Stream Park. Admission itself parking are free called 954-4547000 or go to
Gulfstreampark.com online. Gulf Stream Park on federal highway in Helen.
Where? What happened? I've never heard that one so. And where's George? Where should it be?
Is there some kind of a problem I don't know about? No, I know.
Then why the deadly silence all of a sudden? All of a sudden?
Is that a bit we weren't supposed to play? I don't know what bit that I just got to a plan.
I don't understand what you're talking about.
I'm going to eat my soup. Okay. I think I've lost contact. I'm going to play Alex Olsen.
No too dare. No seriously. What is the deal now?
Is there keeping me in the dark to you like conspiring together? What's that all about? Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Then why was there the deadly silence after I played that and now you act like you know what I just played?
I don't know what you just played. Then go over as Uranus. And? And? What is the problem?
There is a one. And I said I sure haven't played that in a long time and it was like I thought it was
rhetorical. You thought what? It was rhetorical. I think the whole show is going to be rhetorical from
now on. Because lately there are several days I feel I'm just like talking to myself and I'm the
one that shouldn't have to be doing too much talking all of the soup. The soup you notice has really
done wonders for me. It doesn't matter. I do know. What? What?
What's my ears at all? But what? There he goes.
You know something I'm coming down early. I'm coming down Wednesday to be in that negotiation
you're having. Okay good. I'll take care of it. I'm sure. I'll handle it. I'm sure.
294 votes on our second poll of the day. And we're not doing what? Where's the best burrito either?
Why not? We could do what's your favorite bean?
Chili bean. Chili bean. Maybe bean. Right? Has bean. Human bean.
Regarding Neil's contractive station with WQAM, he made the right call 81. He'll live to
regret it 34. You're ready for five more years of angst. There's too many choices on here.
Charlie. You're ready for five more years of angst in Greek 24. Schmidt five more years of that
effing bastard 22. He resided too hastily 21. Why 21? Thanks can only get better 21. You must be
a Sadomasikus 20. He won't survive at the end of it 17. That old coach that have just retired 12.
Those five years will be the worst he's known yet 12. And his career will go out with a not
with a bang but with a whimper. 11. For the soup places sweat too.
And now comes the flim. Oh yeah. That flim of just bogies. Flim. Oh. Oh geez. There it is.
That's what I need at lunch time. What a genius idea to be in the soup.
Oh. The New York Times newsroom is bracing for a blood bath next 10 days.
So says New York Post column is Keith Kelly. The word from inside is that approximately 50
unionized journalists have accepted the bio proposal and only another 29 union editorial employees
have gotten on board. That means the accident fall in as many as 30. About 30 men. Editorial people
in the company's first ever mass firing of journalists in its 156 year history. Executive editor
William Keller has said originally he was looking to cut 100 people from the time step and
responsible the dismal newspaper advertising environment. We just 70 people stepping forward
for buyouts. It's very likely that 30 newsroom staffers will be forced out in coming days. When
it out force them out. Open the door, shove into it and then just push them out.
Kelly says the times doesn't intend to make cuts at a business or national desk because of the
competitive pressure from Wall Street Journal owned by Rupert Murdoch's news corp.
The Metro desk he says is expected to take most of the cuts. Tuesday was the deadline for
employees choosing to accept bio packages which offer three weeks of severance for each year worked.
Management other non-unite employees would have accepted a bio offer by Monday. Anthony Napoli,
a newspaper-goal representative said his office was not sure how names were turned in. Anthony
not to be confused with the Napoli timeo family. Right. The process is not finalized. He said we're waiting
for the time to tell us how many have been returned and how many have been accepted. The time
scully writes that not return is called. Bloodbath of the New York Times. I'm telling you man radio
TV newspapers, media in general, big tourists coming, lots of tourists. That's why you better sign on Wednesday.
If he brought me like 37 hours, okay, I'll take it where do I sign? I think he's going to help me that much.
Well, a little more than Chris. Chris, he's going to offer a third man an hour. Buck's going to be an
increase. Right. For this, this soup is the best damn thing that happened to me in a long time.
Not that I didn't have some yesterday but the timing of it. Right. I'm trying to talk here.
I'm sorry. Everybody you're like not responding. What?
Yeah, this is a new deal you got going lately. I have no idea what this came from.
I don't want to be paranoid but it's like a whole new deal you got. Okay.
And I'll play something or say something and then I'll ask for like a response. It's like
do it? Did we lose the line? Is there something? Did I get cut off? Did they say I don't know what you're talking about?
Maybe it's a brain fart. What? Maybe it's a brain fart. I don't know. I've never done the fart. Okay.
You're not just being paranoid. Father paranoid?
Or is good vegetables this thing too? Disgusting. He's eating on the air. He's sucking soup.
Yeah. Somebody ought to write a memo. Yeah, that's right. Send a email complaint to Joe Bell.
That's where I came in. What do you mean? My first join the show it was like the day after you
read that memo about eating on the air and that was Boy Gary's big campaign at the times. Trying to
keep it from me. Right. And that was within a month he was threatening my job because I couldn't
keep the food out of there if you remember. He went into the control and started yelling at me
in the middle of the show while you were on the air. Really? Oh yeah. You don't remember that? No.
He hadn't been there a month. It was like the the second or third week I was your official producer.
And he's yelling. All you could see from your side of the glass was him red face standing next to me,
pointing his finger and jerking it into the air like thrusting it at me. And what he was saying is
if you can't take control of this show I'm going to get somebody in here who can. You know,
and the food as you know didn't come through the control room, you know, you asked for it on the
air. The receptionist let it by and it just went right into the studio over there. I would have to
get up from where I was sitting and block the hallway somehow. I don't know what he was expecting me to do.
And you know, and you said, what was that about? And I like I didn't even want to tell you a bit,
but you yelled at me and insisted that I tell you. And then it just got better from there.
And he said, I hear you later. Where the hell is he? Where the hell is boy gear?
Huh? I always got my teeth at this or whatever his name was. It's probably making a living.
Comey Pinko Bastard. I doubt it.
One of the most clueless bastards, whoever. And every time the trends would come in,
he would come into the studio with a handful of papers. And he would say either,
oh, we're kicking ass, nice going out or he would say, oh, we suck. We suck. I say, we,
like he's got a turd inside it. And I would always think to myself, no, you suck.
Everybody knows that. And maybe that's the reason the numbers went down, although I doubt it. But you
suck, Gary. And then we went from him to Steve Nichol. Mm-hmm. Boy, that was...
Now who the hell I heard him was that? Disney was that Bob Green. I don't know. I don't remember
who was there at the time. That was choice.
By the way, you're right. It was Denapoli. Denapoli boys. Yeah. Don't you remember that scene?
Sure. Where they were singing in the dancing in France and in Roman and finding their names.
His name is the best talent. He's known Rajesh. He's four hundred and you're five sixty QAM.
Kling to guns. You enjoy hunting or collecting or sniper fire.
Oh, yeah, sniper fire, man. A lot of that going on. 1245, a QAM. I'm just going to keep talking all
the time now, so make sure that you know what? Well, now you got me paranoid. What are you talking
about? I'm going to make sure to respond to everything that you say, even if you just take a breath.
Oh, he's taking a breath.
Now he's right up and walk off. I finished my soup. Good. There's dang good too.
But it felt good. No, it did not feel good. No, you didn't get it. No, it was a blow out of it when you'd
dry. You got it. Lazy US military personnel aboard a cargo ship traveling into the Persian Gulf.
Fair nearly a dozen warning shots are ready in Iranian speedboats today,
cornicellular breaking news reports breaking news. Let me tell you right now, just a matter of time.
Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right for a cheney and these crazy neocons start the war,
the real one, lunatics. And of course the Democrats sell about a beep, but it will be there too busy,
you know, taking shots at each other, right? Reports of the incident promptly are prompted in
nearly immediate spike in oil prices, which jumped $3 a barrel. All right. Oh my God, thank you
Mr. President and your wicked vice president for those low gas prices. Let me take a look here and
see what the price of oil is now on B and N. It's it's rolling on there. It'll come up eventually
sooner or later. I'll hold my breath. TSX Toronto Stock Exchange up 78 of the $1.45 the Nasdaq's
on 26 and a half. Oh, $119.32 a new record. $119.32. Thank you, Mr. President.
Forget about four bucks again. We're looking maybe at five. Great. Oh yeah. You better practice
that in when you have your meeting on Wednesday. That's right. I need gas money. I need an expensive
account like Jack's has. He's got an expensive account with a station. I guess he's always talking
about it. Boca brides always bringing it up in bits. That's the only way I know.
The ship was contracted by the US military sea lift command, which the liver supplies
to US troops overseas. The showdown involves a cargo ship known as the Westward Venture
and several Iranian speedboats reports MSNBC Jimicula Shewski. Since it's chartered by the US
military, it then essentially becomes a US military vessel with the necessary armaments on board
to protect the cargo and crew on board. He reported the cargo ship apparently was sailing into
these straight-of-home routes. They set up a showdown between US Navy warships and Iranian speedboats
in January. More than one Iranian fastboat approached this vessel at a high rate of speed in the
Persian Gulf, MSNBC's Pentagon correspondent said. US military personnel on board fired 850
caliber rounds and three warning shots from MS-16s when the boats got within a hundred yards of
the cargo ship. After the shots were fired, the ships veered off according to MSNBC. It's the MS.
MSNBC said the military believed the Iranians were mostly trying to harass the ship and perhaps
see how close they could get before being fired upon. He said those types of boats couldn't do
much damage unless they got nearly right up next to the ship and were packed with explosives.
Suicide boats. Right, not the boat that they were prepared for. Last month,
another US cargo ship fired on an Egyptian boat that was coming toward it in the Suez Canal.
Egyptian officials said on one man on the boat was killed while the US Navy claimed to just
fired warning shots. The speedboat that was fired on apparently carried local merchandise with
the Egyptian men sold the sailors and larger ships. But you know those Egyptians, man, they have
this thing for American sailors is what I'm hearing. Oh, is that right? Oh, yeah, that's not what I
say. Hey, say that. The latest incident in Sawhi just started for time to find that. Okay.
The latest incident, also the second showdown with Iran in the Persian Gulf, it follows a January
showdown which the US Navy said Iranian speedboats threatened the ships in the straight of Hamuz,
that incident was later revealed overblown and some saw echoes of the Gulf of Tunkin incident
that drew America deeper into Vietnam. The lie made up by Lyndon Johnson and his cohorts so that
we would get all those 50,000 American kids killed in Vietnam. Also, the Chinese in all of Vietnam
means the millions of people who got butchered. Last night, how was he going to bring this up?
Because it's so grotesque. It's called Winter of Something. I forget what it's called. It's a documentary
about post World War II after the droppings of the abams on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Okay.
Oh, it is so grotesque. They ought to be foreign and I don't know, I don't know,
I want to look at the premium channels. I don't think they would show that in USA to see what
happened to these people and they're flesh being burned away and they're like, oh, just
I don't know if I'm saying that. I had to turn it off. I watched about 10 minutes
of it. I couldn't stand anymore. What year do you think it was more or less?
What, the documentary? Yeah. Oh, I didn't say. I looked at it to find out. I didn't say.
Winter of Something and I don't know.
I'm looking forward to it. They'll probably be on again. I don't think you're going to watch it.
I've seen similar documentaries about that. Not like this. Really? This was just, oh,
and not enough to make you cry, enough to sit and make you put your hands in wonder,
what the hell are we talking about? Hey, money. That's right. OIL and MOE and I.
Why, baby, that's what it's all about. And what is it? 30 some percent of the American people
still think, all right, let's finish the job and Iraq. Whatever that is, what is the job?
Kill everyone and take care of it. Oh, there you go. What we're doing to help a job of that.
Moving right along. They can great progress.
But here's preacher said this and this one's preacher said that and he didn't do so good and
bowling and oh my goodness. The American median, of course, the frosting on the cake was that
ABC so-called debate. I mean, that jackass, who wasn't, which one was it? It was the anchor. The
ABC news anchor Charles Gibson, Charlie Gibson, him and George step on top of us.
They they ought to both be in prison right now, in federal prison,
for performing a live abortion on TV. But never to let us. Here's what Capitol Hill
Blue wants to know where racism decided democratic presidential race.
Do I have time for this before the break? I guess I do. If you read that. I can't read fast because
my true. I got it. I got to like pace myself. I got an hour and nine minutes to go.
Not that I'm counting. All right. Hillary Clinton's big win in Pennsylvania is
revived in question whether racial prejudice among some US voters could scupper her democratic
presidential foe Barack Obama's quest for history. Clinton anchored a campaign saving win Tuesday
and her coalition of white working class voters, a block in which Obama,
vying to become America's first black president, finds it difficult to make inroads.
Exit polls conducted for US media organizations found that 18% of democratic voters said the race
was a fact that race was a factoring their decision and only 63% said they would back Obama
in general election if he was the nominee. Obama won 90% of the African-American vote,
continuing his dominance to that crucial democratic constituency, Clinton meanwhile won 63%
of the much larger white vote. In the fallout from the bruising Pennsylvania campaign,
a politically incorrect question is being asked as America ready to vote for a black president,
especially in key swing states like Ohio and Pennsylvania. Race is very definitely part of the
white working class votes at paywitches assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poling Institute.
How big a problem we don't know he said, there are older whites who can't bring themselves to vote
for a black candidate for president. Obama dismisses the idea that races an issue and is
fated to win big battleground states like Ohio and Pennsylvania, which Democrats need to forge a
road to the White House. Our problem has less to do with white working class voters, Obama said
on Wednesday in Indiana which would North Carolina hold the next dominating showdown May 6th.
The problem is that they've said that there is a problem is that older voters are very loyal
to Senator Clinton. Old, right, old, bigoted, nasty, fat, shut-in bitches like her.
Except for the... Even assessing you said that racially motivated voters problematic,
post is along suspected that people don't answer questions truthfully and they said pull on the issue
of race, no kidding. The only one's to admit that they're racist. It's also tough to separate racial
voting patterns from writing concerns of blue collar white working class voters who support
Clinton and large numbers, Obama appears to have trouble connecting with that group. A recent
rower of his remarks that some small town Americans were bitter so turned to guns and god highlighted
the appearance of this... this connect. The race argument can also be challenged by the fact that
Obama's campaign got up to a rocket and he started with his win in Iowa, one of the least ever
states. He also won another big mostly white battleground Wisconsin. Obama's campaign insists racial
prejudice hasn't been a dominant trend in primaries which Obama lost and he says he's improving his
penetration into the block of working class whites who Clinton says she can best win in general election.
I think there are people obviously in a general election who won't support him. Obama spoke
to him and Robert Gibbs told MSNBC but argued that most people would vote for their own interest in
Iraq, high gas prices, health care and rising, tuition costs. People are focused not on the color
of somebody's skin but what they're going to try to do for the American people to make their lives
better, Gibbs said. Most people can and professor politics at the University of Texas Austin said Obama
may be able to compensate for the relatively small number of voters who voted on racial lines by
broadening the democratic tent. There was always going to be a race factor because it was the first
African-American to be canon said on the other hand he appeals to Republicans and independence and
Hillary does not. Though Obama has been determined to ensure that the election is not about race
fearing being pegged as the black candidate, the issue has simmered in the background. The Clinton
campaign has been accused of playing the race card against Obama in an effort to depress his standing
among socially conservative white voters and accusation is strongly denied but then again they lie a lot.
Log on to wqam.com and sign up for the QAM mock draft challenge.
Gachi must have a wonderful aura. One she speaks I want to cry. She could use a good rap
fight. It's in the news. Hillary hates you. One o'clock at 560 wqam we got the jerk show come over
to a clock with a lot of noise man. Lots of noise lots of rumbling and tumbling and
by the way what was it? Winter soldier by any chance? No okay. I've got some great news.
Okay you won the lottery. No okay. 14 million tomorrow night. I'm going to play it.
All right. Not that good but almost. During a break I blew my nose. I have lots of
munchies you know right that is going to be hanky here. I blew my nose. What happened?
Left ear open. All right. Do you have any idea? Any idea? You know we do.
Wow.
Anyway you don't need to ask for any big raise from jolly joe because you're your checks coming
from the government. Oh yeah I'm rolling in the dough. The federal government even to boost
the flag economy will start distributing special stimulus payments Monday four days earlier than
expected. Beginning Monday the effects of the stimulus will begin to reach households
bush side today. The money is going to help Americans offset the high prices we're seeing at
the gas pump and at the grocery store. Yeah for a week.
Careful. I know. I know. You can recover. Wow. It was a funny line.
God. The department announced the early arrival of the payments yesterday after saying
last month it would be good to sing out the money on May 2. As of next week 800,000 tax
flyers daily will begin to have their tax filers. It says flyers.
The daily will begin to have their checks directly deposited Monday Tuesday and Wednesday. No checks
of the distributed Thursday 5 million payments have been made on Friday. Woo! The payments will go
out ahead of schedule because of a new computer program that updates records daily faster than
an older program that updates weekly. Overall the treasury will distribute more than $110 billion
to $130 million taxpayers by July. Hopefully at the first 50 bid now by the end of May.
There are checks will be directly deposited. How does that work? How do they know your bank account number?
Oh they know everything. No when you file your taxes you get to decide whether you want to
direct deposit or not. What? When you file your taxes yes you got to decide if you wanted to get
a check or if you wanted to direct deposit. I've gotten direct deposit for last like four years.
You just give them your routing number and the account number and it goes straight away. What if you
don't do that? What if you just take a check like I was going to rebate check every year? Then you wait
for the check to come in like you know three months later. Oh well I did my taxes. I can't wait
for that. I got my rebate three days later direct deposit. Well in your case I mean wow they could
afford that. Yeah exactly. But yeah the direct deposit is locked after they process it's all
electronic so. The checks have the centerpiece of an economic stimulus program as somebody once said
S. We are an economic stimulus package signed it along by President Bush in February. The English
to boost consumers spending and help mitigate problems caused by the slow economy. My base
of up to $600 for silver flowers make less than 75 green. Cappas make less than 150 grand when
we send rebates up to 12 hundred bucks and initial parents would send $300 rebates per child.
Flowers and flowers and do not only come taxed by the list three nine walk up and get a
$200 payment. Pants and tax per estate to get paper checks will start to go out in the ninth
that we currently have an original plan. The order in which tax follows or received their
parents would be based on the rest of the digits of their social security numbers. Well
well what does that mean? I'm not going to hurt them. Why? I'm hurt them. I'm hurt them. I'm hurt.
You're going to be in the money when you got two kids in a wife. Are you bored?
Are you going to be late in 12 hundred bucks? Yeah right 300 per person.
1200 bucks from Charlie. Wow that'll make one credit card payment.
Are you starting to belly again? Not me. Everyone's great man. No one is not. Everyone seems
up to the day of Wednesday, Charlie. Charlie, Charlie, you have a rare, rare, rare, rare, rare, rare, rare
rare. There's a second house where they'll be entering, treating them just shammily, skilllessly.
And when I come to the money I'm going to hear all kinds of whipping and how are you?
Oh you might hear some how are you? You're all right. I'm going to hear some of these. I'm going to hear
like a hostess cupcake with a with a fan added that got my nose in the air with a fan added.
That's either either that or that. I'm dying over here.
Yeah, I was sorry. That's a long way to go. I mean I'm right now making it. I remember
when I rang the roof and I thought I'm on the road to recover. That's usually a pretty good
sound right? You get like a nice sound life when that happens.
Well if it's personally closed again it doesn't stay light open in case you have noticed.
Right. Still. That's not a wide, completely wide. None of the sudden you notice a
random man. What just happened? It's thinking about it.
And the problem I know is again. What is out of shop?
And starting up a crap.
Some more legal perspective on that.
That's why.
God only knows what's going to happen in New York now.
So we're talking about cops. They almost never get convicted.
They're always the listen.
Right like that. I'm going to be out of the guy that they shot because he put that
bullet. Right.
Anyway they can't become anybody.
Oh yeah.
All of those things.
And a big thing is when you know what it would have been.
Especially if you're a cop or a famous celebrity.
Oh yeah.
What if I happened by the way that let's his name until
uh, Barata.
That would blink.
Whatever happens in the center soon.
That's a very good question.
Like there was no fire up on it.
I don't remember it.
It just disappeared.
Huh.
How many cares?
Not only the news.
I tried to come.
I don't remember that trailer trash.
Mm-hmm.
Scam stress.
There's another one I was going to use but yeah.
John McKinley was in the middle of the night.
I just grabbed his wife.
That's it.
The guiding yields contract extension on WDK.
What did I say?
I got this 350.
We got $351.
Nice car and Chris.
Well thank you very much.
Nice car by you.
You need to know you haven't said a damn word about it.
He made the right call 96.
Overwhelming.
Balladini my joke.
I'm not afraid.
They're just happy to know.
Still here.
That's all.
They figured out that anybody put up with these pimple
with these mannequin poops.
And they are, man.
They're just, they're just crazy people.
No argument.
Sorry.
Didn't want you to think I would.
If you don't believe me, listen from 2 to 4.
It's really all right.
He'll live to regret at 38.
If you're ready for five more years of
angst and grief 32,
Neil must be a set of massacres to 26.
59.
Things that only get better.
That's for sure.
They couldn't get any worse with these people.
He's resigned to hastily 25.
Five more years of that f-ing faster.
Why 23?
He won't survive at the end of it.
Those five years will be the worst he's known yet.
15.
That old coach had a retired.
14.
And his career will go out with it now with a bang.
But with the win first.
Well, I don't really care as long as the chase keep coming.
I'm not infusing the bang.
You ought to be.
By the time that deal ends, I'll be like 61,
you're 71 years old.
71.
Oh my god.
Ancient.
Oh my goodness.
Old enough for the early bird dinner.
See, that's my luck.
He's just a five-minute Toronto.
Not in Florida.
Well, you get snow birded.
You know, I can enjoy all those early birded.
I'm not going to, I don't want to.
Where you've got your stuff doing that crap again.
I don't want to snow birded.
I'm just saying.
I don't want to eat part of it.
I don't want it.
I don't want it.
I don't blame you.
God.
Anybody who's there 100% voluntarily needs
mental help.
People asking that all the time.
What does it need?
I want to be down here.
That's it.
You live here in New York.
That's it.
People say people want to go to appearances.
People say, oh, come deal to the one who comes down to support us.
You live here and you got to ask that question.
That's my answer to everybody.
These are same people walking around on a loose way.
I never said that.
I said that people that come to appearances.
Oh.
Well, I just plain.
Patrick Healy writes in the New York Times.
Reflect on her victory in the Pennsylvania primary.
Senator Swariby Rodham Clinton wins the United.
Needly summed up the chief political rationale of her
enduring candidacy.
I won the states that we have to win.
Ohio now Pennsylvania she said on CNN about her successes
over Senator Obama and one of her six appearances on Morning New
shows.
It's very hard to imagine a Democrat getting to the White House
without winning those states.
Mrs. Clinton says her popularity among blue collar workers,
women in Hispanics make sure the candidate to beat
McCain the presumptive Republican nominee in the swing states
that decide for his own services.
Along with Ohio and Pennsylvania she also said success in Michigan
and Florida even though the Democratic Party disqualify those
contest and Mr. Obama was not even on the Michigan ballot
to claim an agent crucial battlegrounds.
Yet for all of her primary night celebrations in the popular states exit
pulling an independent political analyst offer evidence that Mr.
Obama could do just as well as Mr. Clinton among blocks of voters with whom
he now runs behind.
Obama advised to say he also appears well position to win
swing states and believe he'd have a strong shadow waiting
traditional Republican states like Virginia.
According to surveys of Pennsylvania voters leaving the polls on Tuesday
Mr. Obama would draw majorities to support for lower income voters and let's
say educated ones just as Mrs. Clinton would against McCain even though
those voters have favored her over Mr. Obama in the primaries.
A national policy just Mr. Obama would also do slightly better among groups
that are gravitated to Republicans in the past like men,
the more affluent and independence,
while she would do slightly better among women.
Mr. Obama made a lead in the national popular vote among delegates need to win
the nomination but his inability to close the deal with voters
are phrased Mrs. Clinton skewered him with Tuesday
has been widely discussed in light of the Pennsylvania results.
Mr. Obama found himself under the defensive over the issue Wednesday
and he countered that the governors of Ohio and Pennsylvania had worked
their political networks on behalf of Mrs. Clinton.
Among all these groups that people have been focused on,
the Lucala workers, white working class folks,
we did better in Pennsylvania than we did in Ohio
so it continued to make room progress Obamaculary Purges in Indiana
which hold its primary on May 6th.
If you look at these states that I'm supposed to win,
if you look at the polling actually do if not as well,
then better than Senator Clinton, rather than Senator McCain.
In recent weeks, Clinton advisors have been challenging Obama's
electability in a general election and her victories in Ohio and Pennsylvania
are perhaps their best evidence yet to argue that she's best suited
to build a coalition across income education and racial lines
and closely contested states.
But the Pennsylvania exit polls conducted by Edison McCoskey
for five TV networks and the Associated Press
underscored point that political enlist made on Wednesday
that state primary results don't necessarily translate into general election victories.
I think it differs from state to state and I think either Democrat
will have a good chance of appealing to many Democrats who didn't go for them
the first time said Peter Hart, a Democratic post,
and not affiliated with either campaign.
Take Michigan.
It has a Democratic governor, two Democratic senators,
and many Democratic Congressmen since probably going to be a pretty good state
for the Democrats in a recession year.
Mr. Hart, as well as Obama advisors,
a salsa say that Obama appears better poised than Mrs. Clinton
to pick up states that Democrats struggle to carry or rarely do in a general election
states like Colorado, Iowa, Missouri, and Virginia,
all of which he carried in the primaries.
Obama advises say they're pulling in the case he's more popular with independence
and far less divisive than Mrs. Clinton in those states.
Hillary goes deeper and stronger than the Democratic based
than Obama but her challenges that she doesn't go as wide, Mr. Hart said.
Obama goes much further reaching the independent Republican vote
and has a greater chance of creating a new electoral map for the Democrats.
But a bit a bit a bit a bit about.
But who's got the craziest preacher?
Comes down to that.
And who's a better borer, baby?
Who's knocking down the peens?
You ever go bowling?
I have been.
My younger days used to go bowling.
I was only going to league.
I was in three leagues in Michigan.
I was good borer.
I was very mediocre.
What does that have to do with drinking beer?
Because that's why we did it.
I recently got out of beer too.
I was here in college.
That's why you go to college for us and get a beer.
Bowling league and pool league just because that.
If you're all light and so kind of morning, right?
You're calling your classes right?
Oh, there's the low price of gas again.
Thank you, Mr. President.
The cheapest gas in the country.
$3.17 a gallon.
Today and for the next week,
$3.39.
Straight ahead, we'll show you how to skimp on gas.
For real.
Yeah, how to skimp on gas?
Keep your cheeks together.
There's a good idea.
Get a crook.
$3.59 in your polar, Chris.
And we all were really hoping for $3.50.
Maybe we are like, uh, and it now.
What's your biggest name?
The best amateur physical artist.
$4.50, $5.60, QAM.
The sports leader.
It's Friday, you besties.
If you listen to the UIOD,
the shows are good day time are better.
You never know it by the way that they are from all day.
The sports leader.
You know it.
It's always ankle purgant, sunny version.
Josie, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah, gah
Holy Spirit says it's not an effortions, though the angels from the service of the Lord and Michael
still darkened their legs on their shoulders deepened from their anger, but even though they
were apple free of Planettheless, all of them scattered, they, Jacobs, Willow,ketters,
chopped from dry arch scrape flatening on the ship from Albuquerack to Siegel
For us for sure though remember
It's always hangover and sunny version
130 at 560 WQ and I think I've got a comeback thanks to that song I saw an honest eye normal now
You saw it for a film and vigor. Yeah got a little energy back in me. I got a little something in me both of them really
Well, okay now what you think and you just stay prevert that's what you are
So I really am all day. Why day you're starting early wait until to at least wait until two. What a clock?
Believe me that's all I'm waiting for I'm sure all all learning since I sat down here 835 this morning. I've been waiting for two o'clock
And I made it through two days and I think I deserve a gold star in two purple jelly beans how you like that?
I don't like jelly beans. You don't have the Ronnie Reagan really
You like jelly beans and jelly berries?
No, oh yeah
I don't like those like all the way do like those slices those of
When they come orange wedges? Yeah, we're gonna
And you're lying and mm-hmm cherry and
That's right. They're like made out of jelly bean material. Yeah, they're jelly. They're jelly slices and they got this
A load of wood sugar on your eye
Pure diabetic coma. That's right. I haven't seen those in years. Thank God. That's right. What was the candies that I'm looking for? Mary Jane peanuts
Mary Jane I'm looking for that
Not that kind. Oh, would be all our property on the little red doesn't have on it sometimes it depends on who you go for
How many boats we got in a Christmas pool? We're gonna make that 432. We're gonna do it
Here the sirens again. Yes, I do yep. It's been it's been a parade on us non-stop today. I don't know why I
Mean it's been raining on and off but is that like the end of the world you're thinking of place where it snows up to your armpits
I'll win along that rain wouldn't look at that you think oh man
It's a big old fire truck baby. You just came by in front of my street there. Well there goes
big old fire truck
I think I'm gonna think about farming man
But you know that in a lot of cities and I think it's afforded to the farm and have their own calendar
No, I didn't know that like Jason Taylor. Yeah, they have farming they like dressed down after us up
They dress down and they have their own calendar. I did not notice I remember one time we were in Boston
I'm trying to think of what the hotel was those really making a difference in downtown hotel and they have one of those powder alarms
You know always fake
Like in my building here always fake federal ones at least once every couple months just to keep you on your toes
And so I went downstairs and I walked outside the fire truck was there and there was this oh kid about I don't know 2021
Farm in the unfairment
And he had his hose well, I don't want to go in
Yeah, I just couldn't believe my eyes. He just was that good. He was just so good to be true
I was envisioning him sliding up and down a greased pool. They do in the firehouse
At long hose in his hand
Yeah, I like attacking and fire, but there was no fire that high pressure hose
It was a little bit of
That was probably me yeah, I don't say was sometimes in your lifetime to see people only once that you know you'll never see again
If you're really good enough, you'll never forget it no matter if you live to be 200
You know what I mean? Oh, yeah
Hmm
Wow the man who led the office that supplied the Bush administration with wrong intelligence on Iraq now says everyone else is to blame
But himself
No, this fight president Bush's former undersecretary defense for policy headed the office of special plans a secret about which passed along
Unverified alternative intelligence of administration decision makers in the rock to war a
Senate and time-dance committee we profound that the office developed and then disseminated alternative intelligence assessments on the Iraq and Alcatal relationship
Which can include at some conclusions that were inconsistent with the consensus of the intelligence community to senior decision makers
In other words, they passed on so-called intelligence that was never vetted much of which appeared to align with a hawkish administration agenda
On Thursday fight for the distinguished everybody by the himself regarding the war in Iraq
According to Washington Post-Aid in North Bank at a book launched party for his new book war and decision inside the Pentagon
At the dawn of the war on terrorism five thing along the list of officials for creating the challenge logic of going to war
He argued that former secretary state Kurland Powell and his deputy Richard homage were the ones who failed to challenge the logic of going to war not him
Meal bank wrote he suggested that Powell homage Frank's now Iraq vice-war jury
Bramir need to fight so the boss down Rumsfeld should be blamed for the press work chaos in Iraq not him
He blamed their national security adviser Condoleen is the right for the way she operated fundamental differences were essentially
Puppard over riled paper over rather than resolve
He accused the CIA of improper non-professional behavior and he personally blamed President Bush for not cracking down on insubordinate behavior to state
Department
You're at the same time fights over the crowd that he disapproved of this snide the snide and shallow self-testification
Typically memoirs are former officials are what five cleverly called the I was surrounded by idiot school of memoir writing
Millbank continues
Five pointed out that he supported his account with 140 pages of notes and documents and yet in his hour on panel discussion
He seemed to be of the impression that he had in fact been surrounded by idiots
Five himself hasn't escaped accusations that he was a luke during his time in office at the office of special plans
According about Woodward's private attack then Secretary of State Colin Powell reported the office as the Gestapo office from a CIA director
George Tennikov has worked total crap
When fights stepped into back
Rees recruiting a brigade of free Iraqi forces to enter Iraq with the Americans
According to book cover two Frank's team to fight the depicting on court or letting him know where he stood
I don't have time for this epic volsimate
During his book launch party five ironically remarked the CIA intelligence community should not be shading intelligence
Millbank notes that five has been out of touch
Notting his book on 60 minutes five asserted the administration didn't need to claim Iraq had weapons of mass destruction to invade
Pointing so many fingers and so many directions. I mean is
This happened when Steve Croft asked him on 60 minutes about his claim that the lack of troops contributed to looting and bagged that he adds
I don't believe I raised the troop level issue my connection five through pride then crop presented him with a passage
That's a fair point five amendment
Remarked more than quietly must have been very difficult being Douglas five correct all the time and surrounded by idiots
Can well tell you one thing you sure was surrounded by idiot
Make no mistake about it
Now if I throw this thing away about the a panty thing. I mean it's I I guess hey only all
2008-09 panties season tickets are half off for the tails go to photo panties dot com
Today only not tomorrow not next on a stick
Not away from the suckers, but today only
Can you imagine the funds reading off the hook there if that panting to place?
Love the panties. No playoffs again. Yeah, they have lost a path game. You're the least
what?
In fact, they haven't lost a playoff game in a long time. There's that redneck kid again on CNN. I gotta get off of that he's
scary
No, no, I don't we have some hockey stuff on here like maybe an old hockey game or something that was bomb cold
Again, you don't plan it's just
Baby it happened. Oh baby. Yeah, he's
I like the wrong there like the turd
Great boy still personality cool. That's the way it goes. Can everything alive? Oh
Baby that the ISO on Mario is he's coming around the net and popping his fist just as I'm saying oh
Baby
Yeah
Are you impressed? No
I don't know until a Q and the Kentucky Derby one of sports most anticipated events stay place a week from Saturday
We come tomorrow next Saturday May 3rd. There's nobody replace to experience all the action in Gulfstream Park
The nation's premier watching major facility as an added bonus to local fans big ground
When our customers loaded up you'll be running in the race
Then there's the chance to do it a mom while sipping on a traditional mint chula
And while the big race is the big story
There's a first day of activities time with something for everyone all data given weight
Great prices like laptop computers GPS system digital cameras and lots more and for the ultimate thrill seekers
They'll highlight the world's most exotic power votes. It's first power meets horse power
But some of the Gulfstream park features biggest out of slots
I know them at poker room in the latest video poker games and fabulous down in a 10 pounds of Christine leaves
The list of Kentucky Derby May 3rd Augustine Park admission in South Park, North Korea free
Call 9-5-4-4-5-4-7-1000 or online go to gulfstreampark.com
Gulfstream Park on federal highway in Helen Dayland
There's no five and that's why man. I want to go fix it
To a side
143-17-02-0560 WQM
I got jerks it too and then mad dog along with Joe Rosa joining him as five at Daisy Dukes
And the V-A show after that dolphin tune out two hours dolphin asses
What is red Kelly?
Besides my father I listened to
Too fast to you on the radio remember great red Kelly number four. No
You better get your hockey names straight mr
It's one thing you if you get an area extend this new deal with jolly Joe
He's gonna make sure you're doing your homework on your school. It's a horse racing
Well, that's a good start. In fact, I can go to the racing channel right now when surprise me if there's something going on
It's worth the deck it on with there is human car on bottom. We're being set back
Home of purpose is last about three a sub and it's Gregson just narrowly from storm and JP
The snowy go to number three
That peddling mount splendor the ounces guys gonna have ample sun
You heard a lot of times a breath on a twirl car
So five second last is temporary set back and boogie man
They're turned for home storm and JP and Gregson's got more
Rep is out in storm and JP with a full of half mark snow eagles and third nipples are hard
And even my left to run Gregson and just hear us open and grey now three from storm and JP snow eagle was third and the
River fired side close to harminates the Gregson Gregson ultra-shop and victory grip even money in a bank baby four bucks for two
So you got $200 to win you got for underback
All right, that's going George. You're just one 200 bucks. Yeah, I'm up for some cash
Yeah next I you know, I better get over this thing although today. I've made great strides with that soup
I think maybe it wasn't the soup, but I don't know. I think it was
Sure, so maybe to put it out
What huh hot two kinds of hot
Yeah hot temperature and hot and space. That's right. Good for you if you're clear your dear cousin candy
Addy will only say at this time the public parents have decided to go public
It hopes that this might generate new leads and that they will also announce a reward for additional information
And that will happen Susan in a news conference and being told the FBI to have news conference with the parents
This afternoon in Tampa to talk about the specifics and also that reward that you're talking about that's right at about 230 or so
What a shame that she's on that she's not like a real network that she has to be on CNN. Well, at least she's probably doing pretty good
At least people are seeing her you know her and Ricky taking Sanchez all right. I think to put the tone the same category
I apologize Susan. I didn't mean to lump you in with the emotor the over emotor. Yeah, who the lab
He just I don't know. I understand it
Somebody somewhere likes him
I'm not the one poly likes me. No poly from other poly show poly engine wrong. They do
I don't know from him
Some of the greatest beneficiaries of satellite radio and history
When steering remember when we hit start out here
There was ill-fated times boy did he kick their ass and that's even when we had a show sliced up like Swiss Chinese
Those were some embarrassing days ask pro muk about that. Oh, yeah
That's definitely sitting there with headphones on you know having a nurse break
We've been out every time students said anything or they'll play the fight sound
That was the morning they played fights all morning for like two hours and buffers like that um play music
We got the house search show, but we don't you know, we don't want to play it because it's the house search show. Sorry
Yeah, it's kind of you got parts a little bit of it
Anything else Robin anything else Robin
Well, I go to my grave. There are some things that I'm still not gonna understand and that's one of them
But you know, they're I'm living up by the preaching to the choir when I tell you about it right
Not 19 today, baby. It's gonna. I don't know. Is the son ever gonna come out. It's murky. It's a rain in this morning now
It's 1356 and gonna be 1966
Not bad. I'll take it
23 tomorrow 73 70 freaking three man and they won't turn the AC on in this building
I think I'm gonna go down there and take a dump on a concierge his desk. Not his fault. Oh, do we lost it? Huh
Hostel living environment. No, I'm sure that's why I'm sick
The air is unbreaable in here. I got it. I got a window cracked here now, but it's not doing all that much good because there's no breeze you know
Even also only 56 degrees outside. It's not the helping all that much. I got to get some air circulating boy. I got to get some AC on
It is musty and crappy in here. Oh god. I mean I bet you the smell of old parts is lingering here. So I'm I'm just used to it
You know right because you're one what an old fart. Yeah
For a seven on Chris's pull man without exerting even an ounce of energy a four eight. What are you talking about?
You did it you'd beat 400 on the second pull if that's pretty a staggering pretty impressive
If you ask me
You know, I wish we could find out what's that
I said this once before but we don't have any any contacts over there. I would be anymore at cheap channel
Do we know that I know right out there and I'm not talking about fat bull
I'm talking about people that have some clue what's happening in right broadcast end
Not some yenta some big fat turd
Yeah, I'd like to find out how many votes they actually get on those pools either zivy day
Wouldn't that be interesting that would be
But you don't think we can do it. I don't know who's there anymore. Hey if anybody's there anymore that knows us
What a shame all those years sure
Well, is there can you think of anybody who works there now is Mitch wean still there? I don't know
See cuz they're not you know didn't he go with with Cox didn't he stay with that? Oh, that's right
That's right. It's not the same w. I would either as cheap channel right
Would you know what I'm all about taxing? What about them
What happened to those people?
Exactly see how it's you know changed hands twice since we've been there so I don't know who's who the hell is there anymore
Can you know every time a company takes over a radio station? They do a house cleaning when in doubt big boy everybody out
You know all the bassist friends so that the new boss can bring in all his friends
I mean like from North Carolina. Sure something like that
That's a really smart thing to be talking about when
I take you a nice lunch on winter. Yeah, that's a really nice thing to be saying
Not congealed from in a bad old age
Just relationship with his buddy city more time with Carolina like the salesman here with all he was he's getting sure
And then the rumor we hear this morning is that for the first time and and God in was how long they actually mentioned my name in the sales meeting
That's right mentioned the show
Well, Neil's coming down and he just signed for five more years. Well, but oh, Neil went see on
What a farce
Remember the word I told you this many years ago the one operative word in this business that drives everything
It's not money. It's not profits. Yes, it is a spite. Oh, okay spite
Think about it. How long do you have to think about that? I'm done
Am I right? Yep spite
Regarding Neil's contract extension with WDQM. This would surely be pulled last last good when he sent us in
years
He made the right call 107 look at that. I feel so vindicated. Don't I yep, I can almost fart
He'll live to regret it 44 you're ready for five more years of reanston grief 37
Neil must be a say to masochist 3035
Things can only get better 33 Schmidt five more years of that f.ing bastard 28
Why 2028? What station is that why 28? I don't know. Never heard of it
He resigned to hastily 27 he won't serve survive the end of it 27
That old coach had just retired 16
Those five years of either worse. He's known yet 15 and his career will not go out with a bang or with a whimper only 13
Yeah, with a whimper
That's what I'll do in the last show I'm running me to do that
We're
Right opposed it. That's right. You may be off on your own show somewhere with chicken heck you know starting those agents
You got to sign you up all those big stations. Mm-hmm
And he only wants 84 points by the way. I got 84 points for him and 24 points for the agent and 15 points for the um
Hell of it. Okay
That guy was just
Between him and Joel Feinberg. I have to really be pressed very hard to figure out who was the bigger puts who was the least impressive human being
And excuse me. I said human being and Joel Feinberg in the same sentence. Sorry. Excuse me. I apologize
And when we're gonna hear about the upshot
I think we ought to put Kristen charger that sometime in May as it made 26 or something like that Joel's a court date in California
Unbeaten the crap out of his girlfriend because he had a bad day at the track. He lost more daddy's money
I'll tell you one thing you want to find a guy's good at losing money. There's a guy
