No pressure this time, but I'm really deeply sorry.
I'm dying to make an information about the Australian business and growing the corporate.
How about that?
The future is two days away.
Oh, that will be fun.
Because I was in a torfenstrasse.
How do I get this?
It's an important event.
430560 WQAM.
Welcome to Miami for a Lutterdale.
I'm not having no great equipment.
Other?
560WQAM Brutex.
The Neil Rogers Show.
The Tom Taneel.
Giles Live 670560 in Dave and Broward.
In other counties, he called toll-free.
877785 Neil.
Or pound 560 on your AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless phones.
The appendings expressed by Neil.
His guests or his colleagues.
Do not represent those of WQAM management staff or sponsors.
Oh, now the Neil Rogers Show.
On 560WQAM.
I think it's hard to expect, see.
Here's.
We'll have a little game to be.
A play-me-home home.
Like to think politics is.
Something I know for life.
I don't know you but it's the best.
Yes, I can do.
Be by me my phones to say that Hillary is for you.
You may think that I live here.
But then again, no.
No, no, no.
No, no.
No, no.
No.
I have a man churning with serenade because.
He or country blows.
No, I only want your money.
So if you can't set that to you.
For Hillary is the biggest fat hat I ever do.
So I'm telling everybody.
Go for the baddest girl in the world.
And make the most powerful.
It's in the world.
Go for the girls wide.
Go for the girls wide.
You can keep the world house wide.
I want the silky title.
The ship of mental bold eyes.
You know, I don't want to say I told you so.
But on Monday I tried to tell you that there are a few things other than a serious disease.
There are a few things worse than a head cold.
Yeah.
And you said, but it would be.
But it would be.
What about cancer?
What about the local?
You know.
Bad.
Mono.
What?
Mono.
I've had that.
But I'll do my best being the trooper that I am.
I can't hear anything.
My ears are plugged up.
What?
You heard what I said.
Schmuck.
I can't figure out yet which Clinton pisses me off worst.
The ice princess that mold-like or Bubba who turned from somebody I used to admire.
And like I held on a lot into an idiot just like Jackass.
Jerk.
But once he starts doing the finger point, you know he's lying to his teeth.
Right?
And they caught him in that bald face lie about, I never said that the bomb was playing the race card.
You know, you like to fall me around and make up these things.
And I'm not going to play your game today.
And at the meantime, they showed the clip of him saying it.
And at the Delaware talk show, they showed it a hundred times.
They played the race card in the South Carolina and they planned to do it all along.
Bubba, Bubba, Bubba.
And then he gets all bad out of shape, but I asked him about it.
Pointing his finger and start with that surly, hostile.
It's America we survived eight years ago with that attitude he's got.
That hostile temper.
That'd be a good ticket man.
Bubba and McCain.
Ooh.
It would nice to first week without blowing the world up.
And then she's got the goal to look straight in the camera, this bitch.
And the people in the media know it's like, it's like, are they hearing the same thing that I'm hearing?
Straight in the camera and say, well, I think all those votes I got Michigan should count.
And the popular vote is, there was nobody on the freaking ballot, okay?
Somebody had one of the talking heads at a great analogy.
It's like a team plays the entire baseball season.
Yeah.
And they're losing their second place by about five games at the end of the season.
And they're going to finish second.
And they say, oh yeah, but what about those exhibition games?
We had a great exhibition season.
We were underrated.
Let's count those games too.
And it's like the part of the regular season.
And she looks in the camera and says it was a straight face.
And nobody just falls down laughing and puking and getting hysterical about it.
She was on the ballot against Dennis Presonage and none of the above the Michigan, none of the above.
And she only got 53% of the vote.
Yeah?
Yeah.
And she thinks she ought to give those votes to count?
This is the Clintons, baby.
Whatever the rules were, forget about that.
Throw them out because whatever they need to do to like, you know, screw the deal up on their favor.
They'll do it.
I guarantee you one thing.
If Clinton would have been run against W instead of Al Gore, that 2000 to Bach, then never would have happened.
Never could have happened because as much as that was fixed and rigged in Florida with the butterfly ballot and all that crap,
they would have had their own, believe me, their own way of overturning it.
They're the most brutal.
And then they have this feeling of entitlement.
Right.
Like it's their White House and they want to go back in there another eight years.
They liked it.
They know where all the silver is.
They know all the bells to ring to get the servants, you know.
They want that kind of again.
The Clinton dynasty.
It's really sad.
But it's the old smear and smear.
And that's what they're going to do.
And of course in two weeks we got Indiana and North Carolina and other random that grotesque ad in North Carolina,
the Willie Horton style ad against the Obama.
It just gets uglier and uglier and uglier.
And this is what it's all about.
But all these problems we've got in there.
It's like a bunch of children in the sandbox, coming to the names.
My ears are just shut like a tighter than a sneered drum.
Well don't do that.
You know pinching your nose and trying to blow it business.
I don't do that.
Okay good.
Doesn't work for me.
I know.
All it does is it makes it worse.
That's right.
Are you agree with that?
Yeah.
I thought you're one of the people that's always telling me to do that.
I was Joe Castello.
He's also telling me that we all wipe my ass from the front of the back.
You know what?
Idiot.
No man, just hot tea, chicken soup.
Like I need instructions after all these years how I wipe my ass.
How did I make it through all these years?
To the first six years without knowing how to wipe my ass.
I feel like Joe Castello did it.
Help me.
I mean he's not a bad guy but he's annoying.
You know what I mean by that?
No, what do you mean?
Explain it to me.
Well let me say it again.
I'm annoying.
I can see why that marriage went over like a pregnant poor vulver at the equator.
He's just a hard ass.
I mean he's a thousand times worse a hard ass than you are and that's almost impossible.
Right?
But he is.
He is.
Whatever he says that's the definitive story.
You pick the topic.
He's got the definitive answer.
How to wipe your ass?
How to pick your nose?
How to pick your back?
No, whatever.
Pick your produce.
How to open your ears.
They'll open when they open you.
I mean, right.
I got my halls oxygen.
These are sugar free.
And they don't make you like crack your brains out.
I don't think.
I'm sure they don't because I've been sucking on these like heavy duty.
I haven't gotten my sign to tab which doesn't do a damn thing.
I don't think that I just took a couple of eggs to strengthen.
Tile them all for eggs and whatever.
If my nose I got some driss down here which also doesn't do much.
It says long lasting.
Long lasting my ass.
What?
Well, if my ears and my nose would open up, I feel not great.
But decent.
I'm sweating a little bit.
I can tell that.
I'm sweating on my stories.
All right.
Not good.
And what was that with that parade of sales holes we had there this morning?
I'm under the weather.
I feel like crap.
And right away people I haven't been in there in ages.
In a raccoon's age.
Like Brian Schmoetz, he's in there with his kids.
Oh, bring your kid to work day today, I guess.
Is that it?
I don't know.
Is it?
I've released a couple.
Kids are all over.
Nobody told me.
That's all right.
That's all right.
What?
I took my kid to school day today.
What do you mean by that?
Instead of bringing her to work, she went to school.
Oh, that was nice.
I picked up my kid at the dermatologist yesterday, even though it was sick of his dog.
I got an urgent request.
Pick me up at three o'clock.
And like an idiot.
I just, you know, the oldest delivery boy and service person in the city.
With no problem.
That's me.
I'm here to please.
After two meetings without a decision, developer Ila Dreams, LLC, will have to return a third time
for the North Bay Village Commission.
It's bid to build a proposed 21 story high rise on the village's tiny Broadcast key.
Remember where that is?
No, all on the work there.
No, I know they're about something.
You know, I probably couldn't find it.
We used to work right there.
That was Broadcast key?
Yeah.
I had no idea.
At a meeting Monday, the developer presented hours of testimony from real estate economics,
traffic, and urban planning experts.
But a decision was postponed to the commission for their testimony for many objecting parties,
including residents.
I object.
Not.
Ila Dreams wants to build a re-Ila Dreams.
Like WIOD.
Yeah.
Wants to build a residential condominium with ground level retail on the east side of the island.
Land that it purchased from Clear Channel in 2004.
Those great raver robbing bastards.
The developer shares the island with WSBN, Fox 7, the project's biggest opponent.
Humbled by Bob Mendred.
Channel 7.
Channel 7 owner of Sunbeam TV is fighting the developer on two fronts in court and before the commission.
95% of the parking and all the accesses on their side of the island said Sunbeam Attorney Joseph Matthews.
This proposal would put Sunbeam out of business.
Good.
Put Channel 7 out of business.
Be a public service for everybody.
Maybe your brains would stop rotting.
When Sunbeam purchased its side of the island in 1962, it ended in an agreement with the original owner that protected its access to a driveway,
and other resources shared with the other half of the island Matthews said.
The parties also agreed nothing to be built on the southern part of the island decided along with Kim D. Causeway without the others consent.
In a lawsuit the court reaffirmed Sunbeam's rights, Matthews said.
I'm going to talk very low today by the way, am I projecting okay?
Cause I didn't have a fine.
No, it's GI wine.
Slow and quiet.
In the lawsuit the court reaffirmed Sunbeam's rights, Matthews said in order for them to do what they're asking the city to approve, Sunbeam must approve.
Well, screw Sunbeam.
Screw Channel 7.
Humbled by Dr. Mendred.
Island Reams Attorney Jeffrey Burko said the idea that Sunbeam will be out of business because of the project as a complete fabrication.
We're trying to go the aftermath, make sure we've completely addressed the concerns raised by Channel 70 said.
Burko said the plans provide Sunbeam adequate access to the property, including parking space in the building's parking garage.
Oh yeah, all those little twinkies used to like, um, sachet through that parking lot, man, Brian Andrews.
What's the one ship?
Chef Smith from Fox News, that queen.
And Ricky Tiki Sanchez, all those losers.
All works Sanchez's on CNN.
Now he's voting now.
Yeah, good for him.
Now Chris, I got good news for you.
What's that?
Well, I know that you're not too happy as Paul's been on for days.
I have no problem with it.
Yeah, you do.
Just think about that.
So as many votes on the polls, we had the first time.
So it'd be an exact comparison.
In 2003, we had 2067 the first time.
We need 34 more votes and now it's changed the poll.
We got the new one up there.
Okay.
The good new one from Sean Hollywood, by the way.
Thank you, Sean. You're okay in our book.
His name is the best talent.
This is your politics.
Sport IDL 560 QAM.
Naked.
Fourth.
Leader.
Dumb ass dirt.
Home for closures.
The median home price fell by the large of the night road record.
Won't come back to long.
Way to price of your little house.
Won't come back to that same little age when you took it out.
Well, the banks have got the need for a day or night.
While our homes are for close to making us out.
Who the fuck to greet you?
The fuck to greet you?
You should drop it off the needy.
The fuck to drop the needy.
It was easy to lie because the value has dropped.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
Won't come back.
It's an 18.
At 560 WQM.
Now, one of the words that you'd never hear.
And you won't ever hear it on TV while all these talking heads are analyzing the primary election results.
And they're emoting and whatever.
Redneck.
Okay.
You'll hear that, sure.
Now, I've always told you this and people laugh at me when I say it.
But I've been around the country.
Once you get south of New York City with the accepting to fill it off you on the east coast.
If you draw a line under New York State and believe me, western upstate New York is a lot of redneck farmers.
Right.
And then you go, you cut across Michigan.
And by the way, she's really cracked me up.
I don't know why the Obama people didn't go ahead and come up and try to help find some solution to make Michigan have a revote.
Do you have any black people there are in Detroit?
I don't know a couple.
About 80 trillion.
And Grand Rapids and Flint and Saginaw.
The demographic isn't that old, old redneck Pennsylvania demographic like Florida.
The only state in the country that's older than Pennsylvania is Florida.
The demographic, the median demographic in Florida is death plus 10.
But you can cut across Michigan.
And once you get south of those states it's all rednecks.
Right.
Indiana.
I'm worried about that.
Even though he's five points ahead in Indiana.
And on North Carolina, which you know better than I do, he's about 20 points ahead.
Right.
There's a lot of dark folks in North Carolina.
And more liberals than you think.
Yeah, oh, they got Charlotte.
Which is a liberal city for a redneck East state, right.
A lot of college students, right.
Now what's the deal with the Catholics?
What's the big attraction with her on the Catholics?
You got 78% of the Catholic vote.
I don't know.
Are Catholics necessarily inherently racist?
Is that what it's all about?
Well, they're inherently a lot of things.
No, in a serious state.
What is it?
What is that all about?
She got 55% of the Jewish vote in Pennsylvania.
He got 45.
What's that about?
And I'm sure I have what?
What's that about?
What's that about?
That's because she wants to blow up Iran.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah.
That's the Israel-Firfter crowd.
The Jew leave them in crowd.
He won the Protestant vote.
He got 53%.
As far as the religious breakdown, that was the only one he won.
Protestants.
Won't you wear this yesterday when you were evacuating the primary vote?
Oh, yeah.
Then I was slice of advice in the conversation.
What are you talking about yesterday?
Yeah.
Quidd.
What?
Chips.
Music.
Things to do.
Drugs.
Haircuts.
Things like that.
Haircuts.
Yeah.
I think I'm going to give my razor and shave my head on the ear.
Now we need to do for it.
What?
We'll maybe open my ears up.
Boy.
I feel like I'm doing a show from inside of a vacuum tube.
Yeah.
My ears are just plugged tight.
And my sinuses are...
And I've taken everything but the kitchen sink.
I'll take that.
I've done it all.
T has some hot tea.
I don't want any tea.
I have a few Monday.
Why?
So how much good that did?
Take your tea and shove it.
Hot tea, my ass.
Yeah, that'll be good there to...
Yeah.
The first thing you end up with.
Oh, yeah, blueberry.
And I'm going to be right out.
I get the long...
She do.
...about...
I'm sweating a little bit.
This is good though.
It's bad.
Because if I were to stay in bed, I'd still be feeling really loggy, you know?
Sitting here now and pretending to be doing a show, I feel like.
Really lograp.
Okay, let's get back to this survey about how we lost all our ethnic's down the last eight years.
Now have you discussed this with anybody?
I mean, when you had your big meeting with Joe Bell?
No, the sad part of it is that they're oblivious.
I mean, there's all this research we get, like from Arbitron and whatever.
And they live in a vacuum, I think.
I mean, I could be wrong.
I sure they have a lot of meetings about that.
You know, about...
Oh, gee, what happened to our younger demographic?
No.
What happened?
What?
What do they have meetings about?
Hey, did you see the game?
Did you see the one guy throw the ball?
The other guy had a comment.
I'll tell you.
What's that?
Throw that crap.
Well, that's it.
What's that schedule look like today?
Oh, we got the jerk show at Turnberry.
Must be some more golf crap.
Oh, that's the LPGA, right?
Yes.
Real crap.
4 to 650 is the mad dog.
Because then we got those 10 minutes of spots with the GCA before the Marlign game.
Hurricane Hotline 7 to 8.
High school gridline report 8 to 9.
And then the A-Show has to follow those two hours.
Nine a midnight.
Poor VA.
I feel so bad for him.
He's a good guy.
He's a good broadcaster.
And he's got to follow that crap every night, especially on Thursday.
High school gridline report.
God.
So what was that movie I was telling you about?
She's one of the guys.
Yeah, she's the guy.
She's the guy.
She's the, I'll look it up.
Joyce Heiser is the chick's name.
Anyways, I'm going to get news for you afternoon.
Paco maybe you watch it.
And I've seen it before.
That's cute.
It's cute.
And I surprised if I actually saw that an IOD when we were over there or whenever it was we saw it.
But I wasn't raving about the two guys in there.
I'm like, God.
Oh.
I could watch that movie all day long.
Me too.
Not her.
She's, she's cute.
Whether she was a boy or a girl, she was marginal.
She was a marginal boy and a much less macho.
She was a OK's girl.
Yeah, exactly.
And what was the point of the whole thing?
I never did get that.
So when she dressed up some tickets, she wanted to get into this other school.
But she couldn't get in there as a girl.
Did you want to think that one guy that she was rooming with?
I would remind me of his roommate.
I'll bet.
Wouldn't it needed that second bed?
I'll tell you that.
God.
Wow.
MMMM.
So how my TV almost melted.
That's how hot it was.
Not that he's in the same category with Steven Straight.
But then again, who is?
Can we ever have any facts or anything?
Well, I mean, one of these days, George and I are going to work together to get that router hooked up.
We're going to have to make a bad day.
One of these days.
What?
Just one of the guys, by the way, is the name of it.
Oh.
No, I thought what it's called.
Trust me.
She's just one of the guys.
Just one of the guys.
She's?
No.
That's a different movie.
What's a different movie?
There's a...
She's the man is another movie along this with the kind of the same plot.
Maybe that's the one.
I doubt it.
It was she something.
She's all that.
Anyway, getting back to the poll, you're such a...
Uh-huh.
Yeah, you are.
Uh-huh.
In 2014, we need 23 more to match the 2016 semi-hit eight years ago.
How many days did we leave this poll up the first time?
Does Eric know that?
Uh, don't know.
What?
We can ask.
You want to ask?
Ask Eric.
Hey, Eric, pretty pleased.
How many days was this poll up the first time eight years ago?
Because today is the third day, right?
We had it on Tuesday?
Right.
And I was sick yesterday.
I'm still sick.
But I'm here because I'm a trooper.
And because I don't like the way the thing.
Oh, gee, is Neil okay now?
Or is he having another nervous breakdown?
Or is Neil screwing off today?
Is he out of wood buying?
Yeah.
I have such a great record of showing up over all these years.
You know, I have a tremendous...
What do they call that?
Attendance record.
There you go.
I do.
And yet, I always feel guilty, like yesterday.
I mean, I called you and I said that you're on.
I mean, I could really even...
You can barely talk.
Right.
And today, it's marginally better.
I think I sound okay.
He's not fine.
A little horse.
A little stuffy.
Sweaty.
Yeah?
Ooh.
Back to the neck.
And also under my boobies.
Sweat.
Ooh.
Boy, that'll happen.
He makes one of those big fat shut-ins with a huge boobies.
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.
Can you imagine how the sweat under those boobies?
Can you imagine what that smells like?
Probably not, too.
Maybe that's why they all have to get real drunk and those trailers so that they can, you know...
They can be oblivious and ignore...
Oblivious to everything.
The aroma, you know, dishes and the singing.
Redneck.
That's what I'm telling you, man.
Nobody counts the redneck factor in these elections.
Right.
And if you think redneck's are going to vote for the black guy, you're dreaming.
From the 26th to the 31st, it was over a weekend.
Oh my God!
For five days?
What do you say?
Six days?
And we're only doing the third day today and we're already going to top it.
I think our audience is going by leaps and bounds.
And we're getting rid of all those foreigners.
Yeah.
Well, no, I'll give you the numbers when we get...
You know, when we're going to change it.
We have 2042 more to...
Well, we'll get 23 just so we break it.
Is that a whole week?
That's what he says.
God, almighty.
I thought we were desperate now.
What's the biggest name?
The best out of two...
There's no real project.
I'm the sports leader.
For some food, fine groceries never been so good.
To that I didn't know my credit was waxed.
Store security was breached in the database.
Got a CR8P that spells hate.
I credit his crap.com, baby.
I'm as clear as I can be.
Thought about killing myself, maybe.
Now instead of eating, getting fat.
My identity was going in and down my life is this crap.
CR8P, that spells hate.
My credit is crap.com, baby.
1032 a.k.a.m. on a great Thursday.
And today is our 2 for 1 deal at noon.
Woo!
It's the neildial.
We had a little lot of confusion about that.
But then again, we don't have any traffic department.
We don't have any...
We don't have anything.
Because it's Bear Bowen's radio, baby.
They are making cutbacks.
We have something that's not just the beesleaves.
That's industry-wide.
CBS is laying off all these people.
All across radio and TV, they're getting ready for the big depression.
Have you noticed that?
Well, it's depressing.
So when you sit down with Jolly Jo,
John, oh please, Massa, please just stay, you know.
Give me 5 bucks a week.
Now you really gonna ever have that mean you received one of that?
I don't know.
Why too much hastened down?
Yeah, right.
Say, hey, let's do lunch, baby.
And they'll call him Fanast Jolly Jo, okay?
Never did.
He'll take that from me, but he won't take it from you.
That's what Norma said.
Yeah.
Well, he did.
He said, I can rip him all I want,
because we have this longstanding 800-year relationship, you know.
We really used to my ripping manast, which he rarely deserves.
But when you do it, he don't like it.
Oh.
When a punk like you rips a queen like Norma,
you got some freaking nervous, huh?
Well, he's got all these things for you for pro bono, you know.
Uh-huh.
And for chicken neck.
What did chicken neck ever give him?
Did he ever give him any money?
Hello?
Yeah.
Did he ever give him a dime?
No.
He'd have to have a dime to give him, I imagine.
Are you gonna start winding him again?
Oh, yeah, that's what I'm doing.
Now that I've gotten him all taken care of,
I think he's the only happy, you know.
He's the only one that's coming out,
he's like a...
a...
tulip.
Yeah, I receive the tulips and I'm sure them.
No.
The tulip and...
2001, I'm hoping we get to that,
2068.
That'll be a real feather in our cap.
That would mean that we actually...
Well, what does it really mean at all?
Nothing.
An addition, which probably in eight years,
when you think a lot more people have computers now?
I imagine they would.
Uh-huh.
But everybody.
Uh-huh.
So, where's the comparison there?
I don't get it.
You don't get what?
The comparison.
So what I'm trying to say is that if a lot more people have computers,
the fact that we've got...
as many votes in three days as we did in a week,
doesn't mean all that much.
Because back eight years ago,
there were a lot of people listening to us,
didn't have no computer.
This is true.
Sent all the ethnic...
Now, maybe all the ethnic people had a seller computer
in order to buy drugs or whatever, you know.
Because they're all gone.
We got 21 Chinese men, though.
So, I'm 106.
What happened to my Chinese men?
I don't know.
Maybe they went back.
Japanese were doing good.
We have 14 Japanese.
First time we only had 10.
So we picked up four Japanese.
They were picked up four Japanese?
No, then. I never picked up one.
No.
I'd like to.
Well, I don't know.
What the hell did I see a guy?
I always in one of the strip shopping centers yesterday.
There was a guy.
And again, not positive.
But he looked Japanese.
He looked really good, too.
I mean, really, really good.
Now, maybe he was Korean.
Although, I don't think so.
You ever see a good looking Korean?
He could have been Filipino.
I don't know how to do that.
Yes, I know that I have as a lot of facts.
I've seen good looking Koreans.
Oh.
It could have been Filipino.
Now, the Filipino, some of them are really...
Oh, well, that's all.
Oh, okay.
All the guys.
What?
I thought you were going to say a good looking or bad.
Some of Margaret looked them.
I thought they would be hit or miss,
but, you know, they'd get the case with most people.
Yeah.
I think it's safe to say that in every category,
they're really beautiful people.
Sure.
Every country, they're really...
Every city.
Except maybe, I don't know, Margui.
What?
I haven't done an exhaustive service.
Sunrise lakes.
I mean, if you think beautiful people all have, you know,
false teeth and all gummed their food.
Yeah, the thing about the old women, man,
it just crossed my fat ass.
Tell me any old bitches.
An interesting part of it is, among 18, like, to 45,
he did great.
He kicked your ass.
But there are only, like, 50 of those people
in the whole state of Pennsylvania now go to school.
All the rest of them are, like, 90 plus.
Did you see the demographics they were showing?
No.
Of the people that voted, and of course, those are the people
that do turn out to vote.
You know that.
Right.
Like in Dave County, the old Cubans, especially women.
They show up like it's a religion.
Come on, he's not coming.
He's not.
Yeah, how that goes.
2054, baby.
Chris is getting...
He's getting on the edge of a nervous breakdown now.
Yeah, what was the number that was last time?
2067.
Okay.
Keep an eye on it.
And let me know when we get near it.
I had 11 more.
Speaking of numbers,
oh, here he goes with the freaking numbers again.
Hey, listen, let me...
Don't let me insert a whole lot of energy.
Okay.
I'll be out sick.
There's a week, which is only one.
It was nice, long bits.
I'm not playing a lot of nice, long bits.
I'm trying to do a show here today.
I don't want to let you slack off.
You said slack, right?
President Bush has said a record he presumably preferred to avoid.
The highest is the filibet rating of any president
in the 70 year history of the Gallup poll.
Ooooo!
In the USA, the big Gallup poll taken this past weekend.
Friday through Sunday.
28% of Americans approved the job Bush is doing 69% this approved.
If that's the case, then how come a cane is doing so well against both Bush and Obama?
Against the sworey, whatever name is.
Because he just promises another four or eight years more Bush.
Am I right?
Yes.
Yes.
Although he's actually crazy with Bush if that's possible.
Not government, but this region.
Right here.
Which is kind of scary, right?
Yes.
The approval rating matches the low point of his presidency.
And the disapproval sets a new high for any president since Franklin Roosevelt.
The previous record is 67% was reached by Harry Truman in 52 when US was in meshed in a Korean war.
Bush is rating his worsening mid-collapsing optimism about the economy.
Said Charles Franklin.
A political scientist at the University of Wisconsin-Madison who studies presidential approval.
Record gas prices.
Thank you very much, Mr. President.
That kid that called in that day.
He needs to be horsewhip.
I'd like to find his ass and just tie him up to a tree outside the studio there outside the building.
And invite the whole audience to come by and just whip his ass.
That'd be fun.
I can miss the president for the low gas price.
Yeah.
Schmuck.
Bush also holds the record for the other extreme.
The highest approval rating of any president in Gallup's history.
In September 2001, the days after 9-11, has a approval spike to 90%.
That was like a sympathy vote.
Right.
In another record, the percentage of Americans who say the invasion of a requisal mistake reached a new high 63% of the latest poll.
And Rick Sances is asking, oh, do you think it was a good idea?
Oh, whoa, whoa, you think we're going to...
The fact that he's on there, the fact that they put him on here, that tells you don't ever watch CNN.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
Assessments of Bush's presidency are harsh.
Good.
By 69-27%, those polls say Bush's tenure in general has been a failure.
Not a success.
Oh, it sucked, all right.
Bush's had dismal ratings to most of the second term.
His approval rating has reached his highest 50% since May of 2005.
Views of Bush divide sharply along party lines among Republican 66% approve.
And only 32% disapprove.
Among Democrats, 91% disapprove.
Independent 72% disapprove.
And of course Obama's the one to get all those independent voters.
Not swallowing.
In the general election.
They couldn't vote in Pennsylvania, by the way.
The independence, are you aware of that?
Yep.
That's why she won by nine and a half points.
Not ten, not the old age.
It's nine point four to be exact.
You round it off, it's nine.
Not, you know, that's how it makes a big difference.
But it's just never lie.
Just like Bubba never said that thing about they played the race card in South Carolina.
Right.
Liar.
Liar.
So does he start to point in that finger?
Mm-hmm.
And as Noah starts rolling like Pinocchio, you know there's a big fat lie coming from Bubba.
I did not have sex with that woman.
Miss Fattinsky.
What up, the pig.
Seriously.
I mean, here's the president.
Can you do better than that?
You know we can.
Grantees married to a dyke, but I mean, can't you do better than that, Bubba?
That fat cow?
God.
Ten forty two of you I am.
Wonderful.
W.T.A. Air.
R.F.I.
Six feet.
R.F.
Randall Simmons is a real Geico customer, not a paid celebrity.
So to help us tell his story, we hired an actual celebrity.
Barack Obama's pastor, Jeremiah Wright.
I was in my car headed out on a date when I had my accident.
Accident.
It was no accident.
That's not a dera black man in this contract.
I called Geico and right from the start I couldn't believe how helpful they were.
Oh yes, they want you to believe.
But I never believe the white man or no.
Geico got me a loner car and actually called ahead to the restaurant and explained why I was late.
I'm still waiting on an explanation.
An explanation of how come racism in this country is direct just that.
An explanation of how a black man has never been present and cannot get it even.
Geico, real service, real savings, real insane celebrities.
And what about that preacher that McCain's cozying up with his buddy, Hegey?
That's right.
Nobody talks about him.
Yeah, almost nobody.
I finally started mentioning that because it's so embarrassing.
And because he keeps saying the same crap about New Orleans, the Zerg Katrina.
Because it's a city of sin.
And they're going to have a gay pride parade.
And as a result, the Lord, Lord sent that Katrina right after their ass.
All these crazy preachers, man.
Good lesson for all your kids out there.
Stay away from crazy preachers and preach the course.
Oh yeah.
Unless you enjoy that sort of thing.
Celebrity death.
Never heard of her.
Joy page.
Never heard of her.
Oh.
Look around.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
He's a good guy.
We have nothing to do with it.
We have nothing to do with it.
We have nothing to do with it.
We have nothing to do with it.
We have nothing to do with it.
We have nothing to do with it.
We have nothing to do with it.
We can't do anything about it.
And this is what even if we could, we don't want it.
We don't care.
We just want to get through the four hours.
I want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
We just want to get through the four hours and go back to bed.
What's his name?
What's his name?
What's his name?
What's his name?
Francis Robert Francis.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Okay.
Alright.
James, what's his character?
What's his character?
Jamesinden الخop02m定, grew up, didn't he?
GreyhoundCirc Politik is one of the biggest characters, right?
bery or.
鬼Royez, GrayhoundCirc?]
toilet.
Okay.
Nice to see you guys right now.
Hey buddy, what's your name???
Who does this character çekás?
Who does this character?
He might actually still look pretty good. He was very young when he died.
Well, at least he can't run away. That's what the hunchback of Notre-Dame said.
And I think I'm very, you know, right in his category.
Well, I don't want to read any more about this because nobody knows who she was.
Right. Well, if she said, anyway, she was 83. That's not so bad.
Unless we read it too.
2063 votes on the survey were getting very, right on the precipice of a major breakthrough here. Chris, yes we are.
Do you believe me? Yes, of course. No. Let's see.
2063, like I said, we need five more to break the first one, which was on there for a whole week.
Like I said, I was eight years ago. And now what percent would you say like three times as many people out from computers now is did back then?
Easy. Five times as many. That's like, we should add to 10,000 votes.
So maybe we'll leave it up to the whole week and see we get 10,000.
All right. No. So make it easy.
That would be the whole audience.
Remember when it used to be like 150,000, 60,000? They're good old. That's like, that's like 50 people.
Well, I'm sweating. Not good. No, it's good. Is that good? Yeah, it is. Why?
Let me just wait about. Fever's breaking for one thing.
I don't have a fever.
For the flavor. Not of the more you don't.
Doctor.
Two, oh, six three. Well stuck right there.
I bet you once we get past the top of the art will break it all down and then we can mix and match all the numbers and see all those ethnic that we lost in eight years.
But that's sad.
Makes me want to cry. You know what makes me really want to cry is this story.
Okay. This is enough to make me a lot of come back down there and not not that they need me.
I'm sure the ACLU will intervene one more and, huh? One more.
You shut up.
Florida drivers can order more than 100 specialty license plates, elevating everything from manatees to the minihit.
But one now under consideration would be the first in the nation to explicitly promote a specific religion.
The goyum just won't stop, man. The goyum won't stop.
The four legislatures considering a specialty plate within the sign that includes a Christian cross, a stained glass window and the words I believe.
Oh, hey.
Great. One more.
Representative Edward Bauer, the plate sponsors and people who believe in their college or university or believe in their football team, how many have licensed plates they can buy?
There's no constitutional guarantee of separation of football team in state or college or university in state.
Sixteen. All right.
Print it out.
Get over it.
I think you're confusing the movie, by the way. I'm not. I just researched. Although I'll send you the link and you can verify if these are the people that you were looking at, but I'm pretty sure.
Believe me, I know the people I was looking at. I will send you the link.
Okay. I'm voting. I should have voted for curry.
The new poll is up. Which of these makes you fart the worst?
Now does that mean I say I'm not really understanding. It's a good poll. But does that mean make you fart a lot or make your fart smell the worst?
Eat either or what's wrong. Oh, you take a pick. How about curry, man? All the Punjab money. Curry.
Representative Edward Bauer said, well, if the plate is approved, Florida would become the first state to have a license plate featuring a religious symbol that's not part of a college logo.
Approval would almost certainly face a court challenge. You bet. You bet your sweet FAS.
The problem with the state manufacturing the plate is that it sends a message that Florida is essentially a Christian state and second gives the appearance that the state is endorsing a particular religious preference at Howard Simon executive director of the ACM use. So what I tell you about them.
The I believe license plate still has a way to go before reaches the roads.
The proposal is part of a package of license plates being debated in the Senate ready for the floor vote in the house. A bill that would authorize the plate is passed one committee eight to two.
The legislature's annual session ends May 2. Some lawmakers say the state should be careful. Representative Kelly Skidmore said she's a Roman Catholic and goes to mass on Sundays.
But she believes the I believe plate isn't appropriate for the government to produce a man.
It's not a road. I want to go down. I don't want to see the star of David next. I don't want to see a tour next.
None of that stuff is appropriate to me. Said Skidmore. I'd emigrate a vote against the plate committee. I just believe that. I believe.
One plate approved in 2004 displaying the motto family first funds Sheridan House which provides family programs that also sees as this purpose sharing the gospel of Jesus Christ the Bible and information about the Christian faith.
This state man this state of Florida about the Bible something going is what it's all about.
God.
You people.
What are you?
Your show.
This is your name.
Any questions?
That sounds good.
It's a little bit too low.
Can you bring it up a little?
A little bit.
That's a little bit better.
Come in at you.
Wow.
Jesus.
Jesus.
I'm not a rabbi.
Why landed a two to four times while a mama broke as it's my little big.
They just say I'm a grand bag of four whole radio.
I'm not a rabbi.
I'm not a rabbi.
The jack show.
I'm not a rabbi.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Jesus.
Okay.
1103-560WQAM.
He ain't making fun of jerks now.
The new poll is up there.
I don't want to read all these numbers.
I probably will anyway.
What?
Which are you?
We have this whole ethnic thing.
We have 2,067 and 8 years ago on the first poll.
We have 2,068 now.
But, let me sound like wow.
Pretty good.
Not white.
70.4% of the audience is non-Hispanic white.
1457.
That's a lot more we did the first time.
1337.
64.6%.
So we went up about six points in non-Hispanic white.
Nothing wrong with white people.
No.
Cubans.
Now this is interesting.
The first time, 8 years ago, we had 178.
Now we got 184.
We picked up 6 Cubans on a raft.
Isn't that incredible?
Not incredible.
Yeah, it is.
Not that significant of difference.
No, but it's almost exactly the same number.
That's what I mean.
Well, that's not good.
Brazilian.
And it just makes me sick.
I'm not going to read the ones from 8 years ago, okay?
Because we lost all the ethnics.
Other 100.
Other Hispanics, 63.
Like Guatemala and Costa Rican.
African American 59.
Native American 25.
Haitian 24mon.
Puerto Rican 22.
Chinese only 21.
Chinese mon.
As opposed to 68 years ago.
We lost 67.
You lost a trace of the way.
To make a 19, Colombian 18, Middle Eastern 14 terrorists.
Japanese 14, that's an increase of 4 over last time.
That's because George keeps sucking up to the Japanese.
Right?
Other Asian 13, Brazilian 12, a big drop off.
From 86 to 12,
Saltament de Dosa, Mexican 12, and Nicaragua 11.
That's what we got, 2068.
Did it prove anything?
Yeah, it proved that we lost all our ethnic people.
A lot of them.
Most of them.
They all famed.
Not good.
Not good, Jolly Joe, but then again, you know, they don't.
What is that happy with the ballgame?
The ones after with the Marlins are on fire.
What is that happy with the, you know, the draft?
The freaking draft.
And that thing that we're running about the draft, that is...
It's unspeakable as what it is.
It's hysterical, it's high-comical.
Like the voice of God talking about the NFL draft.
Nothing.
They're so mad at us.
They drafted the other day.
He is so freaking ugly.
Well, I don't think they're drafting on looks.
But you know something?
Is it possible they ever got somebody on the team
who looked like a human being would have to be a good start?
What does it matter?
They're wearing a ballgame.
It doesn't matter.
It's obviously one draft of us players.
But is it like we're like with Brady Quinn?
I mean, does anybody really think that John Beck is the future of that team?
I'm real happy.
Jason Taylor looks like a normal guy.
Yeah, he's, you know, in fact, there's a big article today
they ought to trade his ass in the herald.
I forgot who wrote it.
Trade him.
You want me to tell you who wrote it?
Sure.
Ethan Skolnick, I believe.
That's not the herald.
Well, with a similarly a ball moment.
Smell one or whatever it is.
I'll find it.
I'll find it.
Sunset and all?
Yeah, that would be him.
Hey, if you'd like to play the draft idea, if you want instead.
No.
You sure?
Positive.
I thought I'd like 25 seconds long.
Ethan Skolnick, it's time to trade Jason Taylor.
Now is that the one with the many bad similarly ball moments?
Ethan J. Skolnick?
Yeah, that's the one that best buddies with Bo.
That's the one that Bo Campo was sucking up to all the time.
Oh, God.
See, here they have a lot of sports shows where they bring on the sports writers
from like the Toronto star and the Toronto sun.
But the people don't know what they're talking about.
They're entertaining.
They're interesting.
They have something to say.
As opposed to bringing all these losers and sucking up to them.
Remember those days on the Kenny and Bob Morning Show?
Do you remember those days?
Nope.
Yeah, you do.
Yeah.
I just have a fit.
Pitcher what?
And this whole pinching engine.
This whole deal with Michael Mayo and with what's his name?
Ira Winvang.
Oh, but Ira really knows his crap.
Yeah, that's the word.
All right.
Crap.
All right, don't go on.
Let's look at the new pool here.
Shall we?
Now that we got that one all the way.
All right.
We're happy we finally wrapped it up.
In 2068, I think that's the whole audience.
What makes you fart the worst?
Is there a new pool?
Well, I want up to 270, so we got a couple more people.
Do you know something?
Even when I'm not sick, you wear me out.
I would have answered quicker, but I was thinking.
You wear me out.
I just reached the point where I want to put my head down like the bird.
You know, I'm a table.
Always those two.
Huh?
Wait till two.
I'm not going to do that.
I had important things to do there.
I know what they are, but I've sleep.
49 votes on the new pool.
What makes you fart the worst?
We're not doing the best burger in town yet.
We'll leave it up to Tutsi.
I bet you still doing it.
Eggs 11, baked beans 10, egg fart, man.
Ooh, yeah.
Something special.
I thought he had like egg salad.
I don't know what it is about egg salad.
You eat egg salad?
Sure.
I'm not going to eat that crap.
Oh.
God.
I'm not even big on chicken salad.
Or tuna salad.
I'm going to eat a sandwich.
Give me a real sandwich, for like a real man like a rubin.
Ooh, that's a good.
Yeah.
You know, the track it was really good.
That rubin I had.
Eggs 11, baked beans 10, beer 8, sour, cropped 7.
For Rito 6, protein drinks 3, black beans 2,
as opposed to baked beans.
I don't know.
We're going to make such a big, why don't we hear like lima beans,
put all different beans on it?
Mmm.
Lima beans.
Life cereal 1.
Well, what does that mean?
Life cereal.
Maybe he's had experiences with it.
Bad experiences.
What is that little about?
Why is life cereal all different from the rest?
I don't know.
Onion's 1.
Curio's 1.
Oh.
Like I said, Sean, this was a grateful idea.
But some of the crap that you put on here, my God.
Curios.
Why did cheerios make you fart?
I don't know.
Why do they?
I don't know.
How about frosted flakes?
I love those.
Don't eat out of the box.
Curry, no, no, no, no, no, it's yet for curry, hot wings.
Souvlaki, which I'm sure nobody knows what that is.
I don't.
Sit ups or MSG.
Sit ups.
Make you fart.
Well, yeah.
That's because you're pressing the gas.
Mm-hmm.
And thank you again, Mr. President for those little gas prices.
Wow.
What a bargain.
What a son of a bitch.
What a butcher.
What a murderer.
Let's take a look at those financials right now.
Okay?
Uh-oh.
The loonies 98 and 37.
That's not too bad.
Under a bucket.
Erro, 156.69.
Not too bad.
That's the only good news.
The bad news is coming into TSS.
TSS is way down.
Toronto Stock Exchange.
And of course, you know, it's always monkey, see monkey, do 166 down.
Not good.
Woof.
That means the US market has got to be because it's almost always that way.
Let me get over to the gambling channel.
Oil, $160.92.00 at Barrel.
What a bargain.
Under 1.18.
The Dow is down only 10 points.
Nasdaq 5.5 and a half and the S&P is down 3.
Rick Rylea will be calling later with the up to the men stock report.
Woof.
Get fair value.
Some of these things make me just weak, especially when you're out of the weather like I am now.
Mm-hmm.
And what does that mean under the weather?
Why do people say that?
I don't know. That's one of those things.
I'm under the weather.
Sick.
Not under the weather.
Sick.
Sick.
In and.
I be ill in man.
And I think during the break I'm after actually doing a little choice.
No, Jay.
You're Jay.
What?
Choice starts with Jay.
Oh, the movie, by the way, is um, you're wrong.
Okay.
She's the man.
Okay.
I looked it up.
Okay.
So does that move you head in mind or not?
No.
So you're not even talking about the same movie.
Well, you described, you said she, she's one of the guys.
So.
She's the man.
2006.
Never saw it.
Well, look it up.
Google it.
I did.
And never saw it.
That's how I never saw it.
Because I looked it up.
No, you're wrong.
I'm aware of it.
I don't think there's anything there you get on I've seen about.
Amanda Bains.
Who's that?
The chick.
Yeah, I know that.
But who is she?
Uh, some chick.
She's the man.
She's the guy.
She's the bitch.
She's the biggest name.
She's the best talent.
She's the real Roger.
She's the real 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I know you.
I love it 18-QAM.
And by the way, it's not the right title, the more we lose.
She's the man.
Not she's the guy.
She's the man.
Okay.
with Channing Tatum, but nevertheless. I'm sure nobody ever saw it anyway. 2006
it's only two years ago. I never saw it. You didn't miss much.
This, this fact you just sent me from Arunee Dodge. Uh-huh. You don't want to be
around me after I've had a big bowl of chili and big letters here. Big
chili on there. Also put dairy products. Yeah. Good idea. The threat if you're
lactose intolerant. What? If you're lactose intolerant or not. Or not. Especially if
you're intolerant. Right. Like most of those old bitches in Pennsylvania. We don't
have open those sparsas. We don't even know what that means, but we don't want to
open those sparsas. Okay. We like Swery. He's one of us. Yeah. That's the problem.
She's an old bag. That's right. Old bitch. I mean, it's been over for a long
time and they just, you know, oh, but those people in Michigan are holding it for me.
That should count against none of the above. And the people in the media, they put
that on here and they don't question it. They don't analyze it. Boy.
I'm gonna take some of my dumbets at. Okay. Like I told you, I'm taking everything
but the kitchens. Right. No, that's a good idea. It is? Yeah. I mean, that's how much
of that can you take before you start? Yeah. I told you to fall over that. That's enough.
Oh, that could be soon. That's how you know you've had enough.
Oh. I'm done. Don't be done. Just about.
Well, I was going to start reading this editorial from New York Times yesterday, the Low
Road to Victory. This is great. And of course, keep in mind, it's about what the talking
heads say. Oh, New York Times, they endorse telly. Keep that in mind. Okay. Okay.
Oh, boy. The Low Road to Victory editorial in yesterday's New York Times. I'll never,
I'll never get through this. What? No, nothing. Just don't. Don't want.
What? I'm not. It's a cold. Okay. Not in like, like, I see here here. It's not
pneumonia. Oh, look at that. Indiana. Oh, Pennsylvania. So she probably won't pick up any
extra ground there. But a lot of the Democrats here consider themselves basically conservative
and that could disinfinem to Obama's message of change. So what? So, well, there are fewer
older people here per capita than in Pennsylvania. And since senior citizens tend to write
Clinton, having less of them, look at that. Only 12% 60% plus Indiana. Thank you.
Super. So Indiana has dozens of well regarded colleges and universities Notre Dame, Purdue,
among others. And the college kids tend to love Obama rolling out really well. Good. Let's
listen to them and get over with the Pennsylvania campaign. The time says which producer and
other inconclusive result of today was even meaner, more vacuous, more desperate, and more
filled with pandering than the mean vacuous desperate, pendophile contest that pursued it.
Voters are getting tired of it. It's demeaning the political process and it doesn't work. It's
past time for Senator Hillary Clinton to acknowledge that the negativity for which she is mostly
responsible does nothing but harm to her, her opponent, her party and the 2008 election.
If nothing else self-entry should push her in that direction, Mrs. Clinton didn't get
the big win in Pennsylvania sheet. Oh, he needs the Heinlec. She needed the challenge
to capture this with the Democratic race. I'm going to be doing that all through her
all these stories. All right. It's all right. It is true that Senator Obama outspend her
two to one, but Mrs. Clinton and her advisor should mainly blame themselves because his
political operatives say they went heavily negative. And let's do one word at a time.
Okay. I did a squat in a good part of what was once a 20 point lead. How long is this?
Oh, I'll never get through it. I just played that crumbly. Wow. This has been going
on for two days. Caught. I'm going to get my dime a time. There you go. You think they
don't know it? It'll help. Two to one. I'll be back. All right.
He got pretty nice.
I'll kill it後.
that CD
right here
he's so loud
he heard the body fall commissar
yeah that's me
is it still mind one one in Canada?
what? is it still mind one one in Canada?
like to have an ambience to him? yeah
okay
it's just
kidding man, monk
empty
country ears, go give him the hind lick
shut up
i'm never getting a truce
we might need to take the break early
and what's that gonna do?
give you a chance to uh...
drink some dindetapis
you don't want to drink it?
i'm not gonna set up coffee
i'm gonna drink that tea i told you
i beg your pardon? you won't drink that tea
i don't have another oxygen
okay, i need a tank
oh
boy
like i said, there's nothing good
no
i shouldn't have been working today
you should have said, oh go back to that old man
oh you weren't coughing up like that when uh...
when i got here this morning
no but that's how i've been talking out
hour and a half
i bet they're all gathered around the way to you now
waiting for me to croak on here
it's a cold
not the end of the world
it's just a freaking cold
oh my god
in other words
some guy in the other hand
eggs
eggs
almost 20-24
baked beans 21
105 votes on the new pool
i'm serious, if i can make it so noon
that will be a miracle
see that it gets some of your great amateur already
all right, i'll uh... cook something up
because i'm giving it my best shot
but i don't think i can uh... you know function
but we'll see
take a break
okay
this name is the best
this is you, Rodgers
you're 5.62 am
next
fourth leader
this is all about me
everybody is grown
the economy is browning
they got a fight of growth
i'd like to do some driving
but i cannot afford to go
for the world
richest country
this is the pressure
blows
after final
left
the stage was set
for the video
concert grab all the
tickets
they trickled it up
to the 1%.
it does fall
and left us where it is
put this video in the session
the headlines
are lately used
there's people going
to come
you won't see that on the
news
it's like the 1930
another great
top
where
just a little
too bad
and a point
too bad
the corporate
newspapers
take it with
the ones that i use
for the sheets
are my thing
you can't read out
the media and the
the
magic
every
We are in the deep depression, but they don't want you to know.
For the world's richest country, distant questions, though.
Yes.
Yes, distant questions, though.
This is depression.
I'm a 32QA.
What about whooping cough?
You think this could be it?
Oh, I remember...
Encountered whooping cough before.
Whooping cough?
That's a no.
Yeah.
Also known medically as pertussis is a highly contagious respiratory tract infection.
Although it initially resembles an ordinary cold, whooping cough may eventually turn more serious, especially in infants.
Wow.
It's more advanced stages. It's marked by a symptom that gives it a disease.
It's named a severe hacking cough, followed by a high-pitched take-up, right?
It sounds like, whoop!
Wow.
You're not doing that yet?
No. Not yet.
That sounds way better.
What?
That would sound way more fun.
If you were whooping...
Who wants you to become infected with a bacteria that causes whooping cough?
It takes a few days or two or a few weeks for signs and symptoms to appear.
When they do, they're usually mild.
At first, I resemble those of a kind of cold, such as running nose. Yes?
There's a congestion. Yes?
Season? Yes?
Redwater-reise? Yes?
A mild fever? Yes?
Dry cough? Yes?
General feeling of being unwell and loss of appetite? Yes?
Wow.
Oh, look on the right side. You'll lose some weight.
After a week or two signs and symptoms become worse and usually include severe coughing attacks that bring up thick flood.
Not yet.
Ah!
Ah!
Coughing attacks.
Up to 15 coughs in the road that I'm going to high-pitched whoops sound as you gasp for air.
Whop!
Fatigue from coughing so much.
And in all signs and symptoms of whooping cough, they resemble those of bronchitis.
A respiratory infection that causes a nagging cough may have heard it referred to as a 100-day cough.
Wow.
Are you got a hundred days to look forward to?
No! Of this?
I'll jump off the tab here. I'm not going to 100 days more of this.
And what do you just face me now? Just a uh, a fact.
I think it's a request, I recall.
Joe says, how is the weather like Canada? It's beautiful. It's sunny. It's still 72.
My daughters are skipping school today by participating in taking care of their work and listening to Neil Godday.
Oh great. They enjoy the burping and coughing and forth or joyst, they would also enjoy the corduroy rubbing noises.
Oh!
The sound of corduroy pants and the two pant legs rubbing together?
Didn't play that.
Yeah. That's what that is.
We're mighty pith on pants with like to your aerocadal singing, always looking to bright side of life,
which we need to hear during the days of Bush running our country. Have a nice day, Joe. Thank you, Joe.
I'm not having a nice day, though.
I'm having a sick day.
Alright.
But I'm proud to be just like brand new or dead.
Now can I get back to the New York Times, the lower the victory?
I think you should.
You know, the editorial. I don't know if I'll finish her.
You might be allergic to it.
I think I'm done with that fit.
But basically what it is, it's like a nasal drip.
Yeah, a post nasal drip.
It's a fortress.
It goes along with this cool and adress in your throat, and that's when you start.
Because I'm not coughing up like...
Flem.
Right.
Like big copious amounts of big, losing boopie and Flem.
Right.
Which is unfortunate, because that's usually a good sign.
Right.
I'm the seat of the crucial primary.
Mrs. Clinton became the first Democratic candidate to have a bloody shirt of 9-11.
A Clinton TV ad turned right from the Karl Rolf Playbook.
And you've hoped the 1929 stock market crash, Pearl Harbor, the Cuban Missile Crisis,
the Cold War, and the 9-11 attacks, complete with the video of Osama Bin Laden.
If he can't stand the heat, get another kitchen there, Raider and Tone.
If that was supposed to bolster Mrs. Clinton's argument that she's better prepared to be present in the dangerous world,
she sent the opposite message on Tuesday morning by carrying an NV-1ABC news that if Iran attacked Israel while she were present,
we would be able to totally obliterate them.
By staying on the attack and not engaging Obama on the substance of issues like terrorism, the economy,
and how to organize and order layers of from Iraq, Mrs. Clinton does more than just turn off voters in a like negative campaigning.
She undercuts the rationale for a candidacy that led this patient out of this supporter.
That she's more qualified right now to be present than Mr. Obama.
Mr. Obama's not blamed. This one, it comes to the negative and vapid nature of this campaign.
He's increasingly rising the Mrs. Clinton's bait on the cutting his own claims that he's offering a higher more inclusive form of politics.
When she criticized his comments about bitter voters, Mr. Obama mocked her as, and in any, Oakley wannabe.
All that does is remind Americans who are on the fence about his relative youth and experience.
No matter what the high-priced political operatives from both camps may think, it is not a disadvantage to Mr. Obama.
Mrs. Clinton sure made the same social values and sensible policy prescriptions.
It is their strength and they're doing their best to make voters forget it.
And if they think that only Democrats are paying attention to this spectacle, they're wrong.
After seven years of George W. Bush's failed with us against this presidency, all American voters deserve to hear a nuanced debate right now through the general campaign about how each candidate will come back terrorism, protect civil liberties, address the housing crisis, and the war in Iraq.
It's getting to be time for the super delegates to do what the Democrats had in mind when they created super delegates, settle a bloody race that can't be won with the ballot box.
Mrs. Clinton once had a big lead among the party others, but has steadily been losing it in large part because of her negative campaign.
If he's ever to have hope of persuading those most loyal Democrats to come back to her side, little on the moon over the larger body of voters, she has to call off the dogs.
And that's where we hold out the dogs up, huh?
Ooh, yeah.
Right, right, right, right.
Brock, that's right.
Here's a little thing.
Final thanks.
It was a good.
Then we'll open up with the shower.
Ooh, there you go.
During the break, take shower.
I could.
I could use shower.
Yeah.
Oh, really?
I'm serious.
And I could fart in the shower.
Ooh.
What?
No, nothing.
I forgot all about that special treat.
How can you forget about that?
The farting in the shower?
Well, because I've been waiting a while.
You're out of life.
You're right.
Don't tell Joyce that though.
She'll get all the way to the kitchen.
No, I'm not sure.
She doesn't believe it for a bitch.
I want a Joyce over a farted.
You know she has.
Maybe that's why she has to do a problem.
And no, jolly, Joe, Vel must fart a lot.
Oh, by the way, it's better than having a house like that.
My God.
Next Wednesday.
What?
My big meeting.
We're eating and meeting.
Are you serious?
Yeah.
Got an email.
Next Wednesday at what time?
Two o'clock?
Dersh after the show?
Are you going to go to lunch?
Or something, yeah?
Wow.
You know what I said?
I know I said, well, why is my...
What?
You can always have a wireless mic and do it during the show?
Yeah, there you go.
Remember what I said about him?
He wears me out.
He just wears me out.
That's okay though.
You can only endure it so much, idiocy.
And then it's just...
You just...
You can't handle it anymore.
It's all good.
Come on.
Egglessers, what was you up?
You realize only 20 minutes you're so away from our Neil D.
I can't wait.
I'm polishing over here.
Now you're too pleased that I made a great recovery there.
I'm not talking as well now because I got mung in my throat.
I know you don't like the idea but I'm begging you to try to...
Choked it down because it'll clear the mung out of your head and your...
No, it won't.
Alright.
Alright, I'll tell you what.
I'm going to go boil some tea right now.
You're going to keep you happy.
Okay.
Thanks.
I know.
I know.
Alright, sure.
The biggest name.
The best town of T-dotes is Neil Rogers.
You're 30 or 5.
Sixty-two-a-m.
I think sports leader.
Neil.
Yeah.
I'm not bitter.
I'm not bitter.
What could Obama possibly mean?
I'm just candy.
Life is raining for June on me.
We're not bitter.
Why be bitter?
Life's just a few that points and candy.
Just consider the great shape of our economy.
Everything's broke so I should I care.
I can't afford to drive down the street.
They say Obama's not aware of all the money that's going on.
I'm not bitter.
Who said I'm bitter?
Why everything here is not mine.
And that's why I'm bitter.
I want to know things to decide.
Okay, it's looking 44 a.m.
Don't I sound much better now?
Yeah, it's good to have some tea.
I didn't drink it yet.
I got it here though.
Alright, it's all brewed.
Even if you just like hold the cup and huff the steam, it'll help.
Huff the steam?
Yeah.
Huff it and puff it.
Yeah, huff this.
That.
Cranberry, big ol' cranberry apple.
Oooo.
That actually sounds good.
Ah, sans caffeine, no caffeine.
Cranberry, j'ai, et pour mes.
A delectable blend of cranberries and sweet apples.
I'll make it for it.
Big time.
Real big time.
See, having a meeting with Jolly Jo, when next Wednesday?
Wednesday.
The 30th.
By that time, I'll be all healed up.
Ugh!
This tea isn't doing me a bit of good.
Just keep sipping it there.
Yeah, sipping.
It's so damn hot.
Right.
That's good.
Oooo.
I'm feeling better just thinking about that.
I'll bet.
Because that's almost a splendor by James D'Aner.
Yeah.
You know I splendor?
Yes I do.
Splendor.
Okay, no, let's see if I'm going to recover now.
That was a bad about, a bad hacking and, um, that was those vibes, bad as they've ever had.
Maybe it's almost something though.
Maybe it got something up.
What?
No, then.
If you understand, that's not going on.
Oh, it's the dry cough, the, uh, the post nasal, uh, the...
Right, he has right.
The sinuses are dripping into my throat and that's what's supposed to be coughing.
Don't you get it?
I get it.
And you're drinking the, you're eating the sinus tabs or whatever.
The sine aid, the pseudophyte, something.
Yeah.
Alright.
And I'm sucking on these damn, uh, Hall's, uh, oxygens.
Which do nothing.
Oh, I can breathe now.
The dress didn't open my nose.
Good.
My ears are plugged.
What I asked is...
That don't plug.
Hmm.
Got a cork in there from a bottle of wine.
I see.
Two vicious attacks aimed at Senator Barack Obama, the supporters of emergency many days, previewing
what could become the most brutal onslaught from the Republicans and their allies in modern
history.
A third spot that appeared yesterday, attacked Obama and his Democratic opponent,
Slory Clinton.
The North Carolina Republican Party unveiled the ad yesterday that evokes the most incendiary
comments from Obama's former minister, the Reverend Jeremiah White, and to attack two
Democratic candidates for governor who've endorsed Obama for president, North Carolina holds
its primary in two weeks.
Two weeks from yesterday.
Also yesterday, Floyd Brown, the conservative ad man of credent of the infamous Willie Horton
ads in 1988 against Michael Newcakis, unveiled an ad accusing Obama and Clinton of wanting
to raise taxes and a targeted Obama for supporting driver's licenses for undocumented immigrants.
That spot came a day after Brown unveiled his first attack ad which seemed to try to blame
Obama for several gang-related murders in Chicago after he voted against it proposed
a proposal to impose the death penalty for gang-related crimes.
The ad quoted an editorial describing the murders as urban terrorism before displaying
a picture of ground zero and questioning Obama's toughness in the war on terror.
The narrator says the editorial demanded action on gang violence but it was written more
than three months after the bill that references which was vetoed by the Illinois governor.
Obama's campaign released this fact check discounting the ad's contentions.
A press release announcing Brown's newest ad credited his first effort with delivering
Pennsylvania to Clinton's Tuesday's primary, saying seven million copies were distributed
to the public activists as of noon yesterday the ad have been viewed as 25,000 times on YouTube.
Time magazine called the links to the ads tries to portray indirect and tenuous and the
Obama campaign that is garbage that represents everything the American people hate about politics.
Brown also said he would write his ads in North Carolina.
The state's GOP ad was the first televised effort to bring up urban rights comments although
right wing ad makers have been salivating the opportunity to exploit his statements since
the first commercial last month. One of the Democrats ads was the Reverend Haggis that
I started showing up.
What's his name?
Haggis.
Right.
The Irish want to eat him.
The Republican National Committee insended the John McKinley GOP presumptive nominee both
quickly announced the North Carolina Party's efforts.
On a landing strip near Inaz, Kentucky, RNC chairman Mike Duncan said he put a call
in yesterday more into the chairman of the North Carolina Republican Party.
I left a voicemail encouraging her not to run the ad.
He said, Kaby Wright, I just farted real bad by the way.
Oh my God.
The chair is, no I don't eat eggs.
I don't have eggs.
No it's a cold fart.
Oh.
That means we can easily hot.
Well it is hot.
I mean from the cold.
Oh.
It's a head cold fart.
Oh okay.
And those are really insent here.
Yeah.
The chair.
I think the chair that I'm sitting on here is burning.
Oh it's raining.
Kaby Wright and RNC spokeswoman elaborated saying the National Party first learned the ad
last night, the night before, raised objections at a staff level.
We didn't see it as helpful or appropriate, but there were independent organizations
you sent at the North Carolina State Party.
And that's always the excuse you know.
A few minutes later, McKinley himself went in.
We asked the not to run it.
I'm sending them an email as we speak.
Ask them to take it down.
McKinley said there's no place for that kind of campaigning.
Right.
ABC reports the North Carolina Party has no real money behind the ad right now, but a YouTube
version asks the donations of the party will assign soon how widely do I need to add?
Well, just what you expect from the right wingers man.
Smir and smir and race baiting and hate.
Because it's American F and away.
Yeah, I don't think I'm going to survive that fart in the chair.
It's just really I think I burned a home of chair.
Oh no.
He even made you never ruined a chair like that.
I was at a leather chair.
Fabric.
Oh okay.
I don't know.
Well, it's good stuff.
I'll say that.
Good sound.
I don't know if it's going to help though.
Do I sound better?
Yep.
At least I'm not hacking and oh.
That was bad.
Every now and then that happens.
Mm-hmm.
Well, last night Larry King's mic was off in the middle of his in sip and show.
His mic went out and he's fumbling around and kept grabbing a cord for his bag.
That was pretty him.
Yeah.
Must've smelled really good in that studio.
Great.
Lots of James Carville was there.
His behavior.
Oh yeah.
It's enough to make anybody fart.
In fact, we're not going to do it, but it is certainly a possibility.
A James Carville fart.
Did we put like veggies on there?
Like broccoli and stuff like that?
We ought to.
Veggies.
It's like cabbage or sour croutes on there.
Oh.
You just want that like a sour crout to make your part your brains out.
I sure wish I was in Berlin right now without this cold.
Reliving my experience from two summers ago during the Olympics.
During the, what was it?
Was it the Olympics?
Okay.
If you say something.
No, it was the World Cup.
I'm sorry.
Well, whatever the hell was crap.
Soccer, soccer crap.
God.
What makes you fart the worst is our pool.
Bake beans 37, eggs 29, burrito 6, 18, sour crout 14, beer 14, baked beans 10, onions
8, very product 7, chili 5, cheerio is 5.
I understand the thing with the cereal.
Do you?
No, I mean, it doesn't have that effect on me, but maybe it does.
I know I shot it since he made this hole.
He's got a cereal problem.
Protein drinks for, setups for, life cereal to hot wings to curry one.
One for curry mine.
We didn't put those people are ethnic surveyed, injured people.
No, we did not.
I don't think we did.
Oh.
Fun job mine.
There were a lot of omissions.
Whatever.
Curry one and one for MSD, none for veggies or soup blocky.
What is with soup blocky?
I guess I got to look it up.
Crap.
I try to, he's a good guy, but he's always got to put some esoteric crap on there.
And nobody has any idea what he's talking about, but yeah, you know, it's there.
It's just there.
166 votes on this pool.
It's Greek.
Oh, it's Greek, yeah.
That's right.
Small pieces of meat, vegetables on a skewer.
Vegetables on a skewer or soup blocky?
Meat and veggies on a skewer like a shish kabab.
Mm-hmm.
And that makes you fart, so there you go.
Apparently makes Sean fart.
Everything makes Sean fart.
So what's he?
I wonder if this tea is going to make me fart.
He did a minute ago.
Really?
You think it was a tea?
I must put a hole in the chair.
I mean, it was, I just like the lightening.
Lightening from my ass.
Yeah, just like that.
The rumble comes out under.
Jackson, you could feel the protrusion of a gaseous expulsion made in the chair.
You could feel it.
Thunder from down under.
Yeah.
It's going around.
The chocolate thunder from down.
Oh, but it was.
Oh, I hope not.
Spin art.
Oh, let's you know your after the break.
Okay, let's get serious now.
No.
Or no.
I don't know.
Okay.
Now, because I have, I think I'm going to go joystering the break.
So I don't have like a whole repetition of these.
Okay.
Well, I see it all.
I've taken a whole day in medicine cabinet here.
So no doubt that I think that showers a good idea.
Take the tea in there with you.
I, in a couple of minutes, I may have to whether I want to or not.
All right.
If you can't.
I do.
I do.
Catch your grip on a gladiator, Toronto.
Basic instinct director Paul Verhoeven will publicly revisionist biography of Jesus in September,
following more than 20 years of research.
The last filmmaker who's had a lifelong ambition to make a film about Jesus based on scientific
research, claimed that his father was probably a Roman soldier who waved Mary during the Jewish
uprising in Galilee.
He also claims that Christ was not betrayed by Judas Iscariot.
It was Bill Richardson.
Verhoeven decided to write the book to raise Internet interest in his film project.
His publisher Amstiton based New Lenof is a negotiations for English language translation.
Verhoeven, in July, 70, has been a regular attendee of US scholar Robert W. Fung's Jesus
seminars, which question miracles and statements are attributed to Jesus.
How do you like that?
Mary was rated in.
So he says, right, if there ever was such a person.
Oh, come on.
I mean, I'm sure there was somebody named Mary.
There always is somebody named Mary.
That's it.
Say, Mary Schwartz.
Mary Jones.
Mary W.
Mary Schwartz.
Mary Schwartz.
Mary Schwartz.
Love him 56, if you and we're going to be opening the store on WQM.com in just a couple
minutes at noon.
And this week it's the fantastic Giovanni's Cool Fire pizza, recently under the taste of
Parkland that you can buy.
It's how pizzas are supposed to taste.
The huge Cool Fire ovens are the secret.
And Giovanni's turns out a beautiful pie, each and every time with their choice of delicious
toppings, like sausage, mushrooms, peppers, spinach, provolone, arugula, chopped clams.
Giovanni's baked supply that comes out so fresh and so delicious, you won't believe it.
And they're ready pasta, salads, and famous grilled chicken wings will keep you coming
back again in the game.
And Giovanni serves the biggest bowl of pasta imaginable.
If you like wine, Giovanni's has got the most incredible selections from the inexpensive
of the high quality wines found anywhere.
The chicken parm or meatball open-paste sandwiches can feed an army they're so big and you
can dive inside or out in a beautiful fountain filled plaza.
Giovanni's is classy.
It's fun.
It's open every day, seven days a week for lunch, dinner, late night excitement.
Log on at noon.
That's about three and a half minutes from now to wdqm.com.
And by the way, get past that dolphin stuff if you know what I mean.
Oh yeah.
Well, they got a dog about that yesterday.
You know, that's quarters.
That's quarters in the sports.
I could present it in it.
It wasn't his idea.
I'm sure that.
You watch this hand of it like Pontius Island.
Yeah, watch this, okay?
That?
You'll be able to buy $15 certificate for this $25 bucks to Giovanni's at noon.
It's Giovanni's Cool Fire Pizza in Parkland.
Mind your mind, friends, and say how to pee on it.
It's a best talent for you.
It's your project.
It's $25.60.
You are.
Thanks, fourth leader.
For some of you, Nathan, whenever I am in Miami, I listen to little edges for two hours.
$3,37 of gallon.
$3,37 of gallon.
Someone should fill the card and runs on grass.
Can't take it.
Won't make it.
Look up things that feed a daddy guy.
I'm crying.
And I have to sell my savings.
$3,37 of gallon.
$3,37 of gallon.
What the hell is the pump full of liquid gold?
$3,37 of gallon.
That freaks you high, and it's not even that cold.
So I guess I'll just take the tray.
The best of the major cake.
To take the walks, they pray day.
Who smells my gold feet?
Can we sit in $3,37 of gallon.
Now that it's free, I guess I'll ride my shin.
$3,37 of gallon.
It makes me present, fill my tank with gin.
$3,38 of gallon.
I'm going to tell you, if I were to have a microphone in the tea room,
I would have died.
Joyce would have died.
She would have just died.
Really?
There were sounds that came from my body on that throne
that I'd never heard before in my life.
I don't think there were sounds that in the history of human race
had never been created.
You should have been credited just the other way.
Yeah.
Foods were, by the way.
I was in the morning, and I was counting the minutes.
Really?
And?
It's great.
Another little bit spread.
We got a couple of different kind of salad things.
A whole bunch of different gourmet pizzas.
Of course, the co-loven, fired pizzas.
They got chicken parm, suds, meatball parm.
What's this kind of pizza meat in over here?
That's a Caprice pizza.
Caprice pizza with tomatoes and fresh sliced mozzarella
or something.
Basil.
And basil.
And then, of course, the good old fashioned pepperoni,
which I can't get enough of.
Okay, we got 80 left.
We started with 100.
We got 80 left.
Mm, we're going to go.
This is going to sound great.
Your coffin and number to be told with my mouth.
That's all right.
Hope all you said, hold up.
$15,000, so far, we get for $25.
On WDQM.com.
You'll find that drop in there.
Go to the bottom of the screen.
Click here.
You'll find this.
We don't want to make any community for people on the top.
Go to www.QM.com.
No, you got to have an 18-step process.
That's right.
I bitched the cordist out about it.
He said, I got nothing to do with it.
They made me do it.
But it's in its slick.
No.
No, it's pretty embarrassing, as a matter of fact.
It's like all those game ads that pop up.
Even the New York Times has said, too.
Corvus ad.
Corvus.
Make it go away.
I think this tea is hot and low, but I told you.
All right.
I can't be wrong.
We'll see.
We'll see how I do.
A tiny, tiny, old Harris County woman.
What was that?
Oh, Dallas.
Wow.
The ton of the $1,000 that was lost to the American Airlines.
A legend employees on a flight to Los Angeles from Dallas
Fort Worth Airport failed to protect her while she slept
from another passenger who masturbated next to her and ejaculated
in her hair.
According to the news.
What?
That's terribly out of line.
According to the lawsuit, she filed last weekend to 9 County.
The Harris County women's license and toys moved to rest
associated with failing to police the passengers to ensure
that passengers don't hurt one another, the suit states.
They all on officials didn't return call seeking comment.
In a statement to the Houston TV station last year,
I hear comes the coughing again.
Uh-oh.
I'm going to tell you something.
He's also not said to come in and regret the incident
that the flight crew took appropriate action.
Uh-huh.
He's still that alien and that thing.
What's going on?
I don't know.
The stuck.
What?
It's stuck.
Be on it.
The woman in the room can be reached for comment.
The start of the program does not identify victims of sexual crimes.
Histon for a spring break visit with family in French March 19.
The woman flew from Houston to Dallas for a worth airport
and suddenly received for the last leg of a flight
2000 to a 2074 Cal A about 11 p.m.
The woman's stuck most of the flight
for the work at a 20 minutes before landing
when the pilot announced the plane was on descent into LA.
When the woman opened her eyes,
she saw that an unknown man had moved in the seat next to her
and was staring at her as he masturbated to suit states.
The woman turned toward the window in embarrassment
and acted nervousness began to run her fingers through her hair
where she know to say substantial amount
and extremely sticky substance in her hair in the center of the state.
The woman began to cry and try to get the attention of the pilot thing
but it was unsuccessful.
Finally, a past year in the room in front of the woman
covered her and verified the scene in her hair.
How do you verify it?
Literally, when the plane landed in Soyuz called Airport Police
and the man was arrested, the suit led to the investigation
American Airlines told police they witnessed the man move from his assigned seat
and the lower window was slipping,
the woman is seeking complete damages and a jury trial.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Prevert.
I'm telling you.
Now we're back up to 82.
Why not exactly take an answer today on this deal?
Must be Pete when he's fought somehow.
Let's blame him.
I beg your pardon?
Must be Pete who learned it's fought somehow.
Anytime he's involved.
That's right.
It's good he couldn't get that strad on yesterday.
Here's the facts.
It says I have a simple question about the story we're just reading
about the end of North Carolina Democrats are bitching about.
Why don't they stop whining like a bunch of whistles
and take their fingers out of their noses and poke their right back
in the Republicans.
Lord knows this funny material.
If they don't fight back they deserve whatever they get slung at them.
All of this in course enhances their images a bunch of whistles
and doesn't say whistles but nevertheless,
anyway I hope you feel better.
Well thank you so much.
Yeah, one day I start writing some ads about McCain and his reverend friend there
and it's a maniac bigoted old coup.
But of course that's what it's all about.
Nobody's got a solution for the hot gas prices.
They're wearing a rack.
The economy, all of these things.
So they all they do is sling in mud.
Right.
You're not wearing a flag pin.
You're not wearing a flag pin.
And the media showing us crap about you know Obama,
bull and gutter balls and the story is making cookies,
a weapon, a weapon, a big beer, doing shots.
Yeah, that's right.
Maybe she's making Billy beer.
Ooh, I got eight to certificates left.
Well, I don't know what to say about that except everything's great.
And I'm just going to try to, everything's great that they brought in so far.
And I'm just getting started.
And what about Chris?
What do you eat?
Everything.
Got a slice of cheese, a pepperoni with ricotta cheese is it?
Yes, and then I have stuffed my split-aid meatball parm sub thing.
A sub thing?
I'll take the blame for his probably me because I can't talk today.
Yeah, let's blame you.
Well, why not?
I've gotta be it.
Let's blame him.
You're listening to the old coupe coughing and hacking and picking on a year old day.
Who would listen?
Me?
So why do you have a choice?
I know.
But this tea is not too bad.
All right.
I said I hate this kind of thing.
I'm not even going to say it.
But you know, hot things when you're got a runny nose, they only help.
I don't have a runny nose, but eat some of those pepper and cheese I see in front of me.
Eat one?
Pepper and cheese.
And I would do it.
I'll clear your head right up.
I'll be running right back into that magic room.
I'll clear everything up.
Wow.
I'll have some for you.
Marine Dowd writes, wilting over waffles.
He's never going to shake her off, not all by himself.
The very fact that he can't shake her off has become her best argument against him.
Why can't he close the deal, Hillary, talking to the deported place on Tuesday?
She's been running ads about it, suggesting he doesn't have what it takes to run the country.
Her message is unapologetically emasculating.
If he doesn't have the gumption to put me in my place when super delegates are visiting me, money is drying up.
He's outspending me two to one on TV ads.
My husband's going crackers and party leaders are sick of me.
How can he be trusted and totally obliterate Iran and stop Osama?
Now that Hillary is one pestilver, they will take a village to help Osama and Obama escape from the suffocating embrace of his rival.
Certainly, Howard Dean will be of no use staring hurtfully exit.
It's like Michael Measley telling Russia to be MOOC.
You know, some people counted me out and said to drop off, said a glowing hellware, they're filled off the victory party,
with Bill and Chelsea by her side, while the American people don't quit, and they deserve a president who doesn't quit either.
The Democrats are growing ever more desperate about the attack of the 50-foot woman, with gas prices out of control,
with the comically oblivious president boasting around New Orleans, the city he left drowned,
and Condi sneaking into Baghdad as rockets and mortars held down on the green zone,
mainly Republicans ought to be a cinch.
But the Democrats watching the horror is, Hillary continues to scratch up the once-sovery sheen on Obama,
and his young McCain not only consolidates his own party,
but encroaches on theirs by boldly venturing into some Alabama on Monday to move black voters.
They also claim his bill continues his honey-crusted nut bar meltdown.
With his usual exquisite timing, Justice Pennsylvania's were about to vote,
Hillary's husband became the first person ever to play the Caucasian card.
First he blurted out to a radio interview that the Obama camp had played the race card against him,
after he compared Obama's strength in South Carolina to Jesse Jackson's,
and then with a finger wagging on the screen, he denied it to an NBC News reporter.
He always followed me around and played these little games,
and I'm not going to play your game today, he said,
accusing the reporter of looking for another cheap story that I've written American people from the real urgent issues before us.
If there's one person who knows about crash-deaf versions of its bill,
but even for him, it was an embarrassing explosion,
kept with some blue language to read that was caught on air.
The Democrats are eager to move on to an Obama-McCain race, but they can't,
because nobody seems to be able to show hell with the door.
Despite all his incandescent gifts, Obama's miserable opportunities
dismissed him all over the net and end the game.
Again and again, he seems stuck at douce.
He complains about the politics of scoring points,
but to win you've got to score points.
He knew he'd tighten the fold-off he'd debate, but he was so irritated by the moderators,
if by having to stand next to Hillary again, he couldn't assemble a single-mary dart.
As he skiddish around here because he knows that he detests him,
and he's used to charming everyone,
or does he feel guilty that he couldn't line ahead of her?
As the husband of Michelle does, he know better than to defy the world of strong women,
or as he's simply scared of Hillary because he's scary.
He's sprained a figure away from her because he can't keep cargo loading
to relate to the common people.
In the final days of Pennsylvania, he dutifully logged down at diners
and forced themself waffles, waffles, pancakes, sausage, and a fully cheese steak.
He split the pancakes with Michelle, left some of the waffles and sausage behind,
and gave away the french fries that came with a cheese steak.
But this is clearly a man who can't wait to get back to his organic scrambled egg whites.
That was made plain with his creamy, cool red, glider, diner, and scranten
when he put her ass to him about Jimmy Carter and Hamas.
Why, he pleaded sounding a bit there we say bitter, can I just eat my waffle?
His subtext was obvious. Why can't I just be present?
Why do I have to keep eating these gooey waffles and answering these
gotcha questions at abating this gonzo woman?
Before they devour themselves once more, perhaps the Democrats will take a cue
from Dr. Suss's Marvin Caye-Moonie, will you please go now?
The writer once mischievously redid it for his friend, Art Buckwald,
as virtue dem Nixon will you please go now?
They could sing, the time is calm, the time is calm, the time is now,
just go, I don't care how.
You can go by foot, you can go by cow, Hillary Clinton will you please go now?
You can go on sketching, you can go on skis, you can go in an old blue shoe,
just go, go, go.
Wow, that got to the end of that, you know?
Bigger than you're at his work.
Bigger than the name.
The best talent you've ever given your logic.
235.60 QAM.
Big sports leader.
Spread them and say cheese.
I was spending my fun making my car run, but I didn't get real thought.
I got a crummy deal feeding these four wheels, maxing out my car.
I can't drive them around till the crack goes down.
I thought it could, but I was wrong.
With their pump in, got my wallet drinking, so I dumped here at Exxon.
And I said, Exxon is making me porn, makes me already type it out my cashflow.
It makes me grow in my tax below, cause it ain't a black and my dough.
Exxon is providing gas, your home paycheck only fills up a hat net.
It's no other control, all the corn I've been, I get it, it's on me.
Don't raise it again.
Okay, go to that qm.com channel.
Oh, on the clock, we're on the clock.
What?
Oh, that stupid dolphin thing.
On the clock.
79.
79.
No.
It's not good.
We had 100.
The food's good.
Food is very good.
Tices right.
And no, they are.
They're for your poor who's a low k.
If you want them great, and like I always say, they act sometimes like they're doing us a favor to buy them.
We're doing the favor.
Schmuck's.
I'll speak of that American Airlines, so I guess this is what maybe I was just trying to prevent prostate cancer.
Or for me.
Men who frequently masturbate appear to have a lower risk of developing prostate cancer, Australian researchers have reported.
That's my excuse.
Researchers from the Cancer Council of Victoria found that men who masturbated more than five times each week were one third less likely to develop the cancer.
So that means if you masturbated like 25 times a week.
Oh, it's going to save.
What do you mean by five times a day?
Eight times less likely.
You want it right now?
The study survey, the thousand-minute developed prostate cancer in 1250, did not.
All were between the ages of 20 and 50.
According to a report on Monday and the game has been news site, planted out.
Researchers told the BBC last week that the prostate produces one of the fluids involved in ejaculation and that frequent masturbation appears to flush out carcinogens.
When in doubt, flush them out.
Sexual intercourse may not have the same effect because it increases the risk of contracting a sexually transmitted disease which could raise the risk of cancer.
The website is.
Wow, I'm just reading the story, okay?
Not recommending.
It's going to say.
There's a right way to do that right now.
I'm just reading the story.
Don't circumvent grief.
Just be glad I can read anything.
I'm very glad you can read.
So I can eat.
Oh, I got some food.
What?
I left them for shoot.
For shoot though, not for shoot.
For shoot.
For shoot.
We can do it.
Well, it makes you fart the worst.
That's our poll today.
Well, we've got a lot of stuff going on.
They're farts and darts and cuffs.
Caught in the hacket.
Oh, the masturbation.
Hacking, I said.
Oh, 79 vote, 79, 79, the things we got left.
Wow.
I'm unimpressed by that by this audience.
239 votes on the poll.
What makes you fart the worst?
Fake beans 54.
Eggs 36.
322.
Sour Crout 20.
Beer 20.
Chilli 14.
Black beans 14.
Dairy products 11.
Onion's 10.
Protein drinks 9.
Veggies 8.
Sit up 6.
Cheerios 5.
Life cereal 4.
I still don't understand that.
Why one cereal over another?
I mean, aren't they all wheat and oats and pretty much the same stuff?
I imagine.
Clear 2.
Hot wings 2.
Souv Rocky 5.
I want.
NMSC 1.
How about MSC?
Make you fart.
I don't know.
The acid makes me fart.
S.
S.
Reflux.
No, no.
LSD.
Oh, acid.
Yeah.
The Singapore TV station has been fine for airing a show that depicted a gay couple.
And their baby in a way that promotes the gay lifestyle the city state's media regulator said today.
The media development of 35 media club TV channel 5.
11 grand.
The station aired an episode of a home and day course series called Find and Design.
That featured a gay couple wanting to transform their game room into a new nursery for their adopted baby.
The authorities said the episode contains scenes of the gay couple with their baby.
And the presenters, congratulations, and acknowledgement of them as a family unit in a way which normalizes their gay lifestyle and unconventional family setup.
The episode was in breach of rules on free tour TV programming, which just allows content that promotes justifies it glamorizes gay lifestyle statements said, wow.
Earlier this month, the authority found the Singapore cable TV operator, star hub cable vision, 70 to our vice-fairing and commercialized showed two lesbians kissing.
Under Singapore law, gay sex has deemed an act of gross indecency punishable by a maximum of two years in jail.
I guess I won't be going there anytime soon.
Despite the official ban on gay sex, there have been few prosecutions, authorities have banned gay festivals and sensitive gay films saying homosexuality should not be advocated as a lifestyle choice.
Speaking of abortive things, Lily King is staying at CNN for at least another two years.
Uh-huh.
It's excited? Thrilled? Like you don't even know.
King 74 and CNN extended their contract for at least 2011. His talk show always wanted CNN's top rated shows has run since 85.
He's always got a panel. A panel over here, panel is changing. We got a new panel, an old panel.
Things existing deal was set to run out in summer 2009.
Just paid that CNN was never reading question, even before the extension.
But some doubt crept into it. The news report that claimed low rated CBS even in News anchor Katie Kirk, my replace gang at some point.
Oh my god.
I wonder if she would use the same suspended in the same bag.
It was it was a stirracle last night.
You know, they have those old TV mics. Those big old packs.
But they're not operative. They don't work. Well, you could use it as a paperweight.
They all have like little, you know, clip on mics, including him.
And so his dropped into his bag. He was coming right up. You couldn't hear him.
And he's coming for it and reaching and grabbing it. He found it in his closet.
Didn't even wash it off. He just stuck her right back on his shirt.
During last week's video TV correspondent Senator Washington, comedian Mo Rockage,
he hoped that Kirk was waiting for Larry to wander off.
Calls to King's Agent John Fierroder when immediately return.
See him to climb the comment over to say Larry is the best and he'll be here for a long time.
Financial terms and he'll couldn't be determined.
He's the best and he'll be there for a long time.
He'll watch his head and I'll know who that is.
Who's that? Who that? My bag.
Remember that?
Yep.
I don't know who that is.
And this is the same guy.
I'll find it.
Who turns around and says,
He'll Roger's got it.
But he won't who I am.
What's the biggest name?
The best talent.
You know his middle-rogestes.
Sportage of 5.60 QAM.
Big sports leader.
Please.
It's been in the after-deal.
The phone is ringing and Mo is fast asleep after a cooling day of dodging ditch orders and problems.
Who is he?
Hello.
Mau, Norma can't.
What do you want?
Just letting you know I negotiated you a new contract.
New contract?
You're not my agent?
That's okay.
I'm not really an agent.
Besides I'm on a roll.
You talking about getting me back at that place again?
Yeah. And unlike a couple of other people at work over there,
I don't feel it's beneath my station to call you.
How much?
Same as before.
Only for less.
Yeah. I did good, huh?
Forget it, Tom.
Hey. I put quite a fight up to get you less for the company,
knowing you're lucky to have something that's kind of like a job.
Are you nuts or something?
I don't know how you practice lords.
I don't have the practice.
I know it.
You slay me.
Sorry, honey. You're not my type.
You're gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
Gay.
I thought he was done.
He was just saying gay.
How are we doing?
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
It's Chris.
79.
Why are you calling my guy?
573?
No, 73.
Oh 73.
Then why did you say 79?
You make me feel bad?
Yeah.
I don't feel bad enough already.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
You're案.
What?
We're not making a lot of progress on that.
It's too bad because it's great food.
Yes it is.
But nevertheless, you know, I'm having a peppered sugar in your honor.
Mmm.
Good for my son.
Gilbert Goatthe.
A former Catholic priest in pedophile was tracked down in La Marc, Louisiana, and is now back
in jail.
Monday night, Goatthe was unregistered as a sex offender after investigation.
He registered.
But Wednesday night.
Police say he broke the rules.
Goathe was picked up once the afternoon at about 4.30 at Galveston Island State Park,
where he was found to have a group of children and parrots listening to him as he read children's
books aloud. A parrot contacted police once he noticed that Goathe had a young boy sitting
on his lap as he was reading, and when the boy got up, Goathe had an erection as well as a liquid
stain seeping through his pants.
What it seems to be a lot of that going around, it's in the hair, it's in the pants.
When police arrived, his pants were found to have numerous semen stains.
Goathe was handcuffed in Brachaelophia, jail.
He's registered as a sex offender last week, and here's where the problem starts.
Goathe, a former Catholic priest and pedophile, had met a new beauty using 39 children,
all boys in Louisiana, and another boy in Pope County in Texas.
He was living on registered as a sex offender for years in LeMark, and Louisville in Texas law
allowed him to do that. He did that.
A couple of Larry always says, do that?
Uh huh. This, and that? These and them and all that.
Oh, yeah.
That's what they got is Larry, you know, that's quite a counter ensuing.
That's their hit show.
When you have Ricky Tiki Sanchez and Sully that old Brian and Wolf Blitzkrieg and all
these other Sully people, I don't know what he's spec'd.
Don't, and when you have your meeting with Joe Bell, I want you to keep this story in mind.
What's that? Well, I'm going to read it in a second.
Okay. All right. Now, what do the exactly same?
Did he say, I got a new lunch and discuss you in mood contract with a lot of money for you?
He read you. He was.
He says, George, pick a day for lunch and we'll discuss a contract extension.
Then he gave me some date options.
I chose one, the as soon as one, the earliest one.
When's the April 30th? Yeah.
That's it. And then I sent back and he said, uh, wherever you want to go,
it's final account on 2 p.m. Joe. Great.
We'll see. I want to be a fine wall for that.
I'll record the whole thing. I'll take a stenographer.
All right. Now, now when you're when you finish and he tells you that you're going to be working for a half
what you're making now, right? And I had to sweep.
And back in, I had to clean the bathrooms every morning when I come in.
And what about the story? Okay.
Because money isn't everything.
We do. Let me read the story. I'm waiting with masturbated breath.
A former Florida lot of multimedia. There is die nearly broke.
Alan talks attorney says he was ill and still facing federal tax fraud charges.
When he died, he was only 60. The county health department says he got April 5 because was not listed.
Alex and wrote it off when a 13 million dollar jackpot in 1990.
But the Pasco County couple said most of the money ran out years ago,
spent on gambling, gifts and luxuries gambling.
Now fooling his money.
I'm saying far just going to say give me a lot of money.
Watch how I don't blow it on something stupid.
They were charged in 2006 with filing false tax returns.
Alex, tough list, schedule a stand trial in June.
His life has already accepted a pre-agreement for prosecutors.
The couple split up last year when Alex talked to a medical facility between the four mental problems that looked him incompetent to stand trial.
They want 13 million dollars. He went, what do we do like that? And it went nuts.
How do you like that?
I like it.
But I wouldn't do that. Money is the root of all evil.
Keep that in mind when Jolly Joseph says, oh, George, you understand.
You're having everybody wait.
You need a bunch of money. Watch how I don't do anything stupid. Watch how I just pay my bills and get out of debt.
No, he's trying to protect you.
I say, oh, yeah, he doesn't want you to do the same stupid thing.
I see.
I'll protect my...
Can I read this?
Okay.
My clu-picker writes why Hillary is still eating Obama's dust?
It's a good...
It's a bad...
Uh-oh.
What? Nothing?
Oh, it's a good comment. I'm not going to be able to read it though.
I can tell.
Ah!
That...
That tea it did wonders, didn't it?
Has someone...
It didn't do anything.
You know, it's not going to like cure you, but it's going to feel better while you're drinking it.
Wow. I'm drinking it.
Right. So keep drinking.
Someone about to fill the bathtub up like they get along strong.
Yeah, there you go.
It didn't do squat.
It went well.
It went well.
only because I had a lot of splendor there with sweet.
Mike Lupig has said, Hillary Clinton says she's the one to fix everything which these
days means fixing only one thing.
The Republican economy that's looted the country, then almost in the next press, she asks
us if she's willing to open a lemonade stand to keep her campaign going.
The way things are going for her, because she'll say or do anything to be the Democratic
nominee, for the latest commercial message in Indiana North Carolina will probably go
something like this, you're all in debt but don't worry, so am I.
She raised more than $200 million to run for president, wasn't nearly enough and
yet she continues to tell the voters and the country that she's the one who put money
back at everybody's pockets.
Her own people issue pressure releases that trumpet her commitment to jumpstarting our
economy when she can't even jumpstart her own.
Barack Obama has been better organized, raised lots more money, run more states, gain more
delegates and has a better strategy than Clinton from the start.
On the other side, Mark Penn has gone as the chief strategist of the Clinton campaign
and Petty Celeste Doyle is long gone as campaign manager.
Through it all, Penn continues to run on the idea that she's ready, they want to be president
when she wasn't ready on day one for a rookie like Obama.
If she had been, she wouldn't be the rabbit in the rabbit hole she's in now.
She would have put Obama away, the front loaded, let me say it again.
She would have put Obama away, the way the front loaded Super Tuesday system was designed
for her to put everybody away early.
She's supposed to be the one with a great sweeping plan for America and she didn't even have
one for Obama.
Now she is where she is and so is her campaign.
So the Democrats don't run against John McCain or against the ruling party that's given
us this president the biggest lightweight, most unpopular of anybody's lifetime.
The Democrats don't run against record-disapproveratings where Republican president and record
four closures and record oil and gas prices.
They don't want to help people struggling to keep their cars on the road and roof over
their families heads.
They continue to run against each other.
The campaign is about the campaign.
The wrestling show isn't the one we had with Monday Night Raw and those Obama and Clinton
impersonators.
The wrestling show is the real thing with no way in sight.
In a reality TV world, people seem to keep voting to keep the show on the air.
Greg Craig, who comes out of the law from the Williams and Conley in Washington, was the
coordinator of Bill Clinton's impeachment defense ten years ago and has now a senior
adviser to the Obama campaign.
Yesterday, he spoke about the campaign of Clinton's run against Obama, making it clear he wasn't
speaking for the candidate just for himself.
They've run an intensely negative campaign all front-scrake, said, and fed him to pretend
otherwise as in itself a misrepresentation of the truth.
Unless, of course, you're willing to say anything you want and what Hillary Clinton wants
is for the whole thing to come down to be super delegates.
She tasted them loudly, the way F.L. Rorman used to play to the balcony.
They are all she has left.
The system was tailor-made for her by Terry McCollough when he was running the DNC before
he became Clinton's boy cheerleader.
She had the name, the money she was favorite everywhere.
The whole thing was supposed to be like a first round knockout.
But the candidate who was supposed to have all the answers didn't have an answer for Obama.
Now she talks about who would be the best candidate against McCain is if the only super
delegates should get to the side as if she wants this to be a selection by committee
as if this is the NCAA basketball tournament.
So they slouched toward Indiana and North Carolina.
She can't win and won't quit.
Maybe in two weeks, clearly she and her finger-wagon husband, whom ex-richen Nixon looked like
a model of grace as an ex-president, still can't believe they ever came for this.
You're allowed to be a cynical Zuma about Obama and ask the same question and claim-ass
about why he can't put her away, even though a much better question is why she didn't
put him away at the start of this.
Obama has a vision about how Big Paul should change in this country.
Clinton is Big Paul, fix, but a vision is getting back on Air Force One.
The Clinton East is especially the ones in the media talk constantly about how she keeps
changing the narrative, but despite the victory in Pennsylvania, the narrative doesn't change
any more than the math does.
Here's that narrative for Hillary Clinton.
If I can't beat Obama, I couldn't care less if John McCain does, and please send money.
I'm not here, man.
I thought maybe you were outreaching.
I'm in high school in the studio, so if I'm a little distracted, I mean to say I'm
a lot.
99.2.
Your temperature?
Yeah.
A little bit of a fever there, eh?
I don't think most of the time that most people aren't like 98.6 most of the time.
I mean, I tend to run a little hotter if you ask me.
Really?
At least I think so.
I feel like I do.
You ever look so hot to me?
I know.
Think you're at www.kim.com.
Oh boy, that court is.
Anything to screw us up, you know what?
That's right.
You can't screw us that.
Well, let me go down to that other, because that link doesn't work.
The other one works.
71.
Giovanni's co-fire pizza, man.
We got 71 left out of 100.
Not good.
Not good like flat jacks this week.
And here you're always making the fun of everybody else.
Yeah.
And this one can't sell this, and this one can't sell that, and bop, bop, bop, bop,
bop.
And we got 71 left.
It's almost run a clock.
Let's point PD Lenny, because he couldn't get that spot on yesterday.
Well, listen, you know, he's like, he's got the minus touch and reverse.
Everything he touches turns to pure, unadulterated.
The food is great, but they're a little lion.
They're laying back.
That's a little bit different.
What?
They're new also.
Yeah.
They're three months old, so.
Well, then they ought to take it from you guys, that the food is great.
It's spectacular.
It's one thing.
It's sensational.
The staff is hot.
You can't always be the same, and try to make the guys, you know?
You even like the dude they brought in.
Really?
Yeah.
How old was he?
I don't know.
He's 25.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's in your demo.
And?
Got a nice smile, shiny white teeth.
Hmm.
Good haircut.
Clean.
Good.
Destroying the Democratic Party does have some, I'd thrown in Pharisees people.
They brought you in a bunch of great food.
They're nice people, and you're in Pharisees.
I have a neat red.
Huh?
So, excuse me, a neat red right now.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
How the hell do you know whether I'd like it or not?
Let me let you come down.
I know you're taking my eyes.
Yeah.
Taste this.
At least I used to.
I didn't.
Can I continue what you want to do all on this?
You're such a frickin' prover.
That's all you talk about.
Yeah.
You're such a pro, and this won't happen on him.
Yeah.
Why don't you check him out.
I did.
I did?
No.
Yeah, well, that's what I'm saying.
I'll get an affidavit from the other one.
Yeah.
Get a signed affidavit.
I will.
It's a testimonial.
I test demonial.
Doug Thompson writes the destroying the Democratic Party.
Hillary Clinton's win over Democratic presidential frontrunner Barack Obama in the Pennsylvania
of any primary Tuesday shows the race for the top-down Washington is far from over and may
well go to the party's convention in Denver, he says.
Clinton has come back from the media-proceed political grave more times than Dracula and
the comparison is not coincidental.
Her critics feel she is the chief blood-soaker in a political system dominated by opportunistic
vampires.
In a campaign season dominated by extremes over passion and outweighed hate, Clinton
is the post-it-child of political polarization.
Her followers offer passionate support without equivocation, her enemies offer hate
and equal measure.
Like her husband, Hillary Clinton is the candidate you love to hate.
What is it about the Clintons that draw such venom, passion and bloodlust, is that
their ruthless driving taking a prisoner's ambition or the consequences be damned when
it any cost approached the politics?
It is that and more, far more.
The Clintons succeed where others fail because they lack shame, conscience or consideration
for the rules.
Neither Bill Norhill or David Dam about the party that once revered them and now shudders
at the damage their unbridled ambition may have inflicted on one's confident hopes to
recapture the White House.
Even with the wind of Pennsylvania, Clinton faces a long hard road to the White House.
She may still pull out a victory by cheating and changing the rules, but that would make
cost the Democrats a chance of beating an old man who should be an easy-marking November.
Too many Democrats have told us that if the choices on McKinner Hillary Clinton, they
will either stay home or hold their nose and vote for McKinner.
Or if Obama holds on a winson nomination, he should have claimed weeks ago, he may come
out of the primary season so damaged that McKinner can continue the scorched earth policy
of the Clintons and finish off the senator from Illinois.
Obama hasn't helped his cause, Clinton's unrelenting attacks at the Governor Office
campaign platformer change, treating him into a defensive business as usual politician,
treating barbs with his opponents.
The Pennsylvania, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,
the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, that, that, the, that, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the,
Puts. Puts. Look up puts in the dictionary and Chris
Wayman's picture is right there. His post. What makes you
fight the worst is our poll question. Big beans. 66. Eggs 41. Beer 28.
Burrito 26. I would think it depends on what's in the burrito, right? Oh, yeah. Hold the beans.
Or else. Or else I won't need it. I don't I won't eat that. Oh, that mushy beans
that we try bean crack. That's a Mexican thing, right? Yes it is. Not a Cuban thing.
They're served. We try beans. You sure? Correct. Trust me. Positive. Trust me.
I better go on it. Sourcraw 23. Black beans 20. Chilli 16. Their products 15.
Veggies 13. Onions 12. Protein drinks 9. Situps 6. Trio 6. Hot wings 5.
But not a few insurers while doing situps. Nice cereal for curry 2. Soufflaki 1. MSD
1. Up to 94. And our ethic per week out there. The survey from eight years ago.
But like I said, about a thousand times as many people got computers now.
So that proves nothing. The only thing that proves is that our ethnic people are gone.
That's right. Once they're gone, they're gone. Now when you have your meeting on Wednesday
with Daly Jopel, after you, after you've pound out a big raise for yourself, I hope.
You ought to tell me these things. Yeah. Say that he is disemboweled to show. And with
no promotion, they haven't replaced anybody. How can you get a new audience when you
don't promote? When everything's a big secret. How do you do that? I don't know.
I'd very much say I don't know how to do that. How do you do that?
Especially in this ever changing world with satellite and iPods and people listening
to the radio on their pop up toaster in their damn cell phone, all of a sudden a crap.
How do you do that? I'm waiting. I don't know how you do it.
Well, I had a little bit of a technical question. All right. That's Kim. He's the manager.
I'll write down a whole bunch of questions. He's supposed to be the expert. Yeah. Well,
that has to do with all my bonus money that we're not getting. Yeah. And never going to get
again. I know. Unless we get a big kiss like it. Oh, guess what? During this next break?
Wow. I'm going to be making a fast run. All right.
The whole combination. All these cough drops and tea and medicine and all this stuff.
Mm-hmm. It's in your kisky's baby. That's right. And all of a sudden the Lord decides,
oh, oh, when it doubt push them out. Push it out. How are we doing on the certificates,
by the way? 71 still. Yep. Why did you hour?
We're right. My phone is to say that you're the reason for you. You make it that I live here.
But then again, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I have a man. Chilling with the ring. Because your country flows. No, I only want your money.
So a few concerts I do. Oh, Hillary is the biggest fat guy. I have a few.
So I'm telling everybody. Oh, for the bad ass girl. And they're the most powerful.
I'm not gonna walk through more. It should work it. o
With myphone.
Why, go for this one and keep the one house wide.
I want a silken paddle, a chair for mental food time.
I don't know what a QAM.
Yeah, my stomach feels like a boiling cauldron.
Really?
Are you sureting and burning?
No, not burning.
Okay, just turning.
You know, like a cauldron, right?
Like a witch's cauldron.
Because all those cough drops and that tea and that cough for medicine and all this stuff.
All of these things.
All like grinding around in there, you know.
Once till clock comes, I'm going to put my head down on the couch and I'm going to ignore everybody.
Okay, good idea.
Police in Congo have arrested 13 suspected sorcerers accused of using black magic to steal or shrink men's penises after wave of panic.
I attempted lynching, triggered by the alleged witchcraft.
The parts of so-called penis snatching are not uncommon in West Africa, where believed in traditional religions and witchcraft remains widespread.
And where ritual killings to obtain broader body parts still occur.
Ah!
Rumors of penis stepped against Circula last week and Kinshasha, a Democratic Republican congressman, was strong capital of some eight million peoples.
They quickly dominated radio call and shows when listeners advised to beware fellow passengers in communal taxis wearing gold rings.
Preported victims, 14 of whom were also detained by police, claimed that sorcerers simply touched in to make the genitals shrink or disappear and what some residents said was an attempt to extort cash with a promise of a cure.
You just have to be accused of that and people come after you.
We've had a number of attempted lynchings.
You see them covered in marks after being beaten in Kinshasha's police chief, John D. Don't Letco told workers on Tuesday.
John D. Bloom.
Police arrested the accused sorcerers in the victims in an effort to avoid the sort of bloodshed seen in Ghana a decade ago when Trump suspected penis snatches were beaten to death by angry mugs.
The 27 men have since been released.
I'm prompted to say it's one huge joke, Oliko said, but when you try to tell the victims that their penises are still there, they tend to ask become tiny, where they've become impotent.
To let I tell them, how do you know if you haven't gone home and tried it?
Some Kinshasha residents accuse a separate insect from near my boss Congo, a province of being behind the witchcraft and revenge for recent government cracked on its members.
It's real.
Just yesterday here, there was a man who was a victim we saw.
What was left was tiny said 29 year old Elaine Kalala, who sells phone credit through a Kinshasha police station.
What we was left was tiny.
I can always use that story.
I'm a victim.
There we go.
A sorcerer did it too.
It was snatched.
That's right.
A sorcerer in a Congo.
I'll make it.
All right.
Not that I was hitting doubts, did you?
I did not.
Yeah, you did.
For maybe one of the times I just said, hacking you dead no doubts?
For about 30 seconds there when it didn't sound like you might not come back or something?
Yeah.
But then you came back from the break and all was fine.
Well, it's not fine.
Well, it's fine.
It's not fine.
It's stringing over here.
I was straining and my hand was raining.
Now, we didn't think that they'd have like a long...
You!
...if it's sticking your throat or something and suck out all that nasal...
...all the flim and the mucus and that crap?
Wouldn't you think?
You'd think.
Well, why not?
But I'm going to fact something for a giveaway so we can give away one of these certificates and the scrolling on there.
Pete Lenny did that so take that for what it's worth.
Because he's an A-hole, is that what we're trying to say?
Or who wanted to fact something so he just grabbed the top sheet of paper from my stack over here and it was that liner that I was getting ready to fact.
What are you trying to say?
So just before and before you go re-dening it out loud on the air, you might want to prove free to first for very, very...
If 70 certificates are by the way from Giovanni's, Kohlfair Pizza?
Great food, good location.
I'm going to send you a picture or two.
Yeah.
70 left, we started with 100 and here it's 105, we have 70 left.
I'm starting to feel like tricky now.
And when I put myself in that class, I was all self-respect.
Have you ever checked his website today to see if there's a clue?
I have never checked his website.
I'm going to do it.
Well, he doesn't have a website.
He's just an appendage to the IOD website because I guess they had so little response that they must have...
Oh, we can't waste anybody with this.
You know what I mean?
I know what you mean.
Which is another, another thing too, that's probably why they start selling certificates on his show.
And I have Dave Farting-Laman, the Solomon, the Fart Meister.
Let's say, footy, footy, there it is, footy.
There it is, his name is still on there, that's a good sign.
Okay, what are we doing?
Huh?
Working if all the working to find the best Cuban sandwich in South Florida.
You know something?
Always, right up the street.
I thought that...I want to apologize to Charlie B.
And believe me, it takes me a lot to do that.
Because I thought that that pull about the best sandwich filling was about as low as you can go.
And I was surprised.
I went for weeks and weeks in the best burger in town.
Now working to find the best Cuban sandwich in town.
Oh, footsy.
Go away, footsy.
Let's see, did he get the news?
10-07 GM got arrested getting a fight to an escrow bus and nobody cares.
Why do we care about that?
I saw it.
Do you care about that?
I don't care about that.
We got from Channel 7.
We don't care about Channel 7.
Callers 5 and 6 right now at 1-800-227-0560
when a $50 gift certificate to Giovanni's profile pizza at 7625 North St. Ro 7 Parkland.
1-800-227-0560.
Callers number 5 and 6.
Well, that's good.
We still got 70, by the way.
Hang on, I'm in a different screen here.
Chris?
Yes.
Oh!
What is that?
We're going one at a time or something?
Partly.
Very slowly.
There's my girlfriend, Susan Candy, on CNN.
Who were convicted of more serious felony charges?
Let's remind everybody, Wesley Sites was convicted of three misdemeanors.
Yet the government has made no secret about the fact, as you indicated, that they want to make an example of him.
They called him wealthy, famous, and brazenly defiant of the IRS tax code.
He's flat out, didn't want to pay his taxes.
The government says.
Well, good for him.
Stick his ass in jail.
Give him a gold star in a purple jelly band.
Jackass.
Republican John McCain, campaigning through poverty-stricken cities in town, said yesterday,
he opposed the Senate bill at Sud equal pay for women because it would lead to more lawsuits.
The bill was defeated in the Senate by a vote of 56 to 42.
The Senate had scheduled late Wednesday of the measure, which would have made it easier for women to sue their employers for pay discrimination.
Both Democratic candidates, Clinton and Obama left the campaign trail, and returned to Washington vote for the bill.
It came script to vote to campaign in New Orleans.
Oh, New Orleans, where all that sin was going on, that's where they had Katrina.
That's what is passionate, wherever a haggie is, he, or whatever's name is, that's what he said.
They're at least all hard-gusts.
I'm all in favor of pay equity for women, but this kind of legislation is, as is typical, what's being proposed by my friends on the other side of the aisle,
opens us up to lawsuits for all kinds of problems, he has said.
This is government playing a much, much greater role in the business of a private enterprise system.
The bill would have overturned the Supreme Court decision, limiting how long workers can wait before suing for pay discrimination.
How to speak an anti-policy, that WIMP released a statement blasting Senator Republicans following the defeat of the bill,
by obstructing a vote on the Lilly-led Better Fair pay act, Senator Republicans had thwarted efforts to restore balance in law,
and all victims of wage discrimination as he just as McCorty said, in doing so they've again stopped necessary progress for all Americans,
and Democrats criticized McCain for posing the bill.
Well, that's him, he's got that rich wife.
And she ain't gonna tell us how much money she made last year, how much tax she paid.
Well, it is a wage secret, lots, millions and millions and zillions and kazillions and trillions.
That's how much they made her.
How you like that?
I don't, because it wasn't me.
Bigger firm?
That's how that's going to check your e-mail during the bill.
Why is that?
Well, obviously, because it sent you something.
32 on Chris's poll.
Which we don't care what we get, because we have that tremendous, gigantic burst on that, that thing surveyed anyway.
Yep.
I wish we couldn't have done it without Chris.
You have to have a positive name.
The best out, she don't have no logists.
4.256 QAM.
The next force leader.
Oh, God.
You may start to cram on ball on the train.
You may be to install a pass train.
You might put yourself in use, you'd come, but taking a life makes the pound fall low.
While taking the pill, try not to sneeze.
But if it happens, just make sure it's sweet.
Remove your toilet and install a trot, because taking an ally makes the pound fall low.
You'll feel like you lose in the air soul.
But you won't be quite as large.
You'll spend half of your day on the ball.
You do oily discharge.
You'll be putting on be sunny trends.
Who cares that you have to wear depends.
Your jagoly butt will be so soft, because taking an ally makes the pound fall low.
Reckham.
The belly pain is worth the risk.
The lord york is back, we're hard.
We shall injure several gallons of waste.
Do we move all the skin corners?
If you get a pain in half, the pass,
What follows may be more than just gas.
You might put yourself in use, you'd come, but taking an ally makes the pound fall low.
Okay, 17, if you are in that, that's not the bit that it says it is on the list.
Oh, one of those days, sometimes you got to relate to your food.
Presenting the all new kick burger, only from Hardies.
Before pieces of Spokakery bacon, it squeals like a pig when you sneak up on it from behind.
Someone a large mountain new, Dr. Becker, sweet tea and a collector, NASCAR, go, go, go, go, go, and french fries.
In Spoo, you can relate to.
It'll be okay, please, cause the all new kick burger, only from Hardies.
You just hold it hand.
See, I told you.
That was much better.
I mean, a crap one I played there.
That took top-pedal gild girl.
I can't percent of Indiana have college degrees.
People who call her workers here, and she's done well with them, but Indiana has not been hit quite as hard economically as some other states.
So they could be a wash, depending on whose message we're going to be put about.
They were taken from a community that they like that.
Indiana, wants me?
Ardene Taylor.
Yeah.
From my favorite songs.
Good song.
My curiosity on this working chip writes, why Clinton is going to become 2008's Ralph Mader.
Is there's everyone, that picture you sent me, are those the guys from Juveines?
Yes.
And, and just, you know, so that you could get a visual of what's going on here in the studio.
Well, I see, they're gone now.
That wasn't fact Chris in the background I saw there, was it?
No, another.
Oh.
Are you serious?
Who will put it be?
Skinny Chris?
Let me look at that again in a minute.
All right.
Well, I better not honest.
He's looking really ugly today.
I mean, you know, not today.
But I saw the hallelujah has a.
Do you feel ugly today, Chris?
Sure.
Extra ugly?
No.
I mean, I'm extra ugly and I feel that way every day, but it isn't bothering me.
Don't feel bad about it.
Okay.
Don't go crying.
Oh, Neil's picking on me.
I'm ugly.
You are good.
We're down to 66.
Bro, so what?
We're down to 66.
Really?
See.
Make it some big inroads on it.
We got 66 of those who do it.
It's like, get with it.
It's great, great child for Christ's sake.
What's wrong with you people?
Well, we know what's wrong with those people.
Anyway, my great Kowsky says everyone's talking about Hillary Clinton's winning Pennsylvania
yesterday over Barack Obama.
10-hull percentage points.
May I make Rippy and my pants now?
It's still hard enough to help the Senator supposedly representing New York K-Surf
for the one supposedly representing Illinois in terms of pledge delegates.
Clinton is broke, trailing a Democratic rival by a small but undeniable margin, and now
reduced the threatening to nuclear reign in the event that it uses its non-existent nuclear
weapons to attack Israel.
Let me reiterate, Iran is not developing nuclear weapons, a fighting held by all 16 U.S.
intelligence agencies.
So the fact that Clinton and Obama keep acting as though the opposite is true means that
the Indulom has an f-ing clue on anything, and why we're supposed to trust the judgment
when they can't even call bolshmit on the lies being shmied out by Bush-Chainy regime
as beyond my comprehension.
Meanwhile, John McKingette and the media give him another round of reputorial oral sex
for his decency in choosing not to run a dirty ad against Obama.
As recently as last month's Zogby and other polls were showing the Senator for Timmy
represent Arizona, nearly ahead of either of his Democratic rivals for the dictatorship.
The Republicans using the time between now and the general election to win back his party
is crazed, right-wing base, raise money, and proud of his general election strategy.
Do I really need to continue explaining what all this means?
Hillary Clinton wants the president to see so back she's willing to tear the Democratic
party a sunder in order to get it, leaving it too battered and weak to win November.
She absolutely cannot let it go, cannot allow an upstart like Barack Obama to steal what
she thinks is hers by inheritance.
And it sure is how doesn't help that Obama is to brigade pandering hard-headed foamy
to be able to seal a deal when it clearly remains they can never credit voters by embracing
the Edwards Consisting block.
Now he'd rather use them and dump them to the curb and his performance in the last debate
proved he too is running out of steam.
Like Clinton, he never expected to have to compete this long for the Democratic nomination,
and he's becoming dangerously low on ideas.
So no matter how their main primaries play out, this fight is going all the way to
the convention August, all because Hillary Clinton won't let go of the illusion that
the presidency is somehow hers.
If two thousand eight accomplices anything and maybe the finally rid Ralph Nader of the
blame, predestering any chance, Democrats might have had a winning back the White House
this century.
Somebody please pass me a brick so I can throw up at my television and say next time I
have news coverage of the campaign on.
Oh wait, I have my steel nace for that.
Never mind, at any rate I'd be really grateful for some ideas and how we might avoid this
fiasco because if we can't the massive e-girl of swallowing Clinton is going to
reign schmit down all of America.
How do you like that?
It's raining schmit.
Nice.
Is that what they say in IOD and that's known as raining schmit?
Cute.
Are the people still there, the food people?
No, they're gone.
Well, I'm a birst for them.
I'm a birst for us, we took.
The 66 to the left and one almost 130 and it's a phenomenal place.
And the food is sensational.
I mean, it's wonderful.
Perfect.
See, one thing about the audience, you know, ordinarily we sell these things real fast,
they all go and we break records all the time.
But if it isn't someplace that they're all familiar with or the twig, they're in their
own neighborhood because this is in Parkland now.
No matter how much you guys rate about how great the food is right.
Oh, gee, we didn't know that place.
We don't know.
Like that.
I got 70 on here.
Oh, 66 like you said.
So, oh, what?
No, nothing.
Well, I'm choked up about it.
I'm not too happy.
And the worst part of it is I'm gagging and I'm sucking.
Maybe the part of the problem is these damn oxygen calls oxygen things to suck on.
And I keep shredding every, every brick.
I'm going to go out and do another wild joist, you know, and I haven't been doing it.
And I was going, unless I do it in this break, there's going to be a wicked price to pay.
Let me tell you.
Yeah.
I mean, my incidents lately, the last couple of months, I'm going to have to go out and
start buying a whole new world book of underwears.
Oh, geez, not good.
You just work a pens.
Save yourself some trouble.
Yeah.
That's coming next.
Nothing like it in the world like how those old parts in Pennsylvania.
Well, 65 plus, they love swirly and all they love.
All the bigoted old parts.
That's how it comes down to you.
You don't understand.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to have both for no sprites or I'll tell you that.
Great.
Indiana is coming next.
I'm going to put North Carolina in your front hand.
That's your state.
Okay.
I got it.
It's your home walk from home.
The little handle with care North Carolina.
To a bomb.
You're going to buy the late great Billy Houtten.
He stepped in some harness racing trivia on here and test your skills.
Like who is the way to driver Joe O'Brien or Donald Brainer?
Well, yeah, like that.
Yeah, well, let's start doing.
Okay.
Ray Stein or Jack Moisea or Frankenstein.
Yeah, Frankenstein.
Yeah, I wonder what ever happened to him.
Good question.
Let's not fight out the answer.
Remember the one I'm talking about?
Uh-huh.
You do?
Yeah.
From the years of year.
Oh, my God.
And he moved to the West Coast.
He was in the sorry sorter or something like that.
All these people that have like vanished, you know, just like most of them I've vanished.
Through the bay, God the marl.
Oh, we're so sudden.
Talk to you, you'll love and then.
Yeah.
They vanished.
They disappeared.
Well, maybe they'll have a life or maybe they'll busy out searching for one.
What the heck is wrong?
The best talent.
You know, there's no projects.
Sportage of 5.
62 AM.
And then sports later.
You get a lot of things.
Five.
Six new Rogers on sports.
Old radio.
W-U-A-L.
Oh, that was 65.
We're making a move.
One at a time.
I did it.
I did not make a move, by the way.
Oh, I keep announcing this.
Disgusting.
I'm glad you're keeping it posted.
Well, I want to make it exciting, you know.
I got a diary.
Yeah.
I got that issue.
A second girl call.
I'm trying to get him.
A second call girl has provided federal investigators with details of Elliott Spitz,
who's found us for high-priced hunkers.
Law enforcement sources told the New York Post.
The lady of the night who was intimately acquainted with the disgrace governor's paper play sessions.
Backs up details given to the feds by actually Alexander Duprey, 22.
A bomb-filled brunette, who allegedly was a favorite Spitzer hooker of the sources said.
This one looks kind of me, I don't know.
I mean, she's young.
But, I don't know.
I think about a six.
It's unclear whether the second one was associated with the Emperor's VIP club.
The brothel led the Spads Duprey to entertain the Spitzer Washington DC to entertain.
And then did this intro answer work?
Yeah, I don't think they're called, I guess.
The owner and three employees of Emperor's Club were indicted a week before the word of Spitzer's involvement broke.
Spitzer identified the Emperor's criminal complaint as client, Nyan,
who's caught February 13th at Federal Wire Tap.
Oranging from Duprey, whom he knew was Christian, to be delivered to his room at the Mayflower Hotel.
Or having flowers delivered, no.
Sure.
Or having a peat sign.
They're dead.
Delivered.
Tiny man.
In a complaint, Christian insisted she didn't find the Excomitor very difficult,
even though her matamor, that he might want unsafe sex.
Long forcements said, so say, Spitzer didn't like to arcondom.
He didn't like those rubber ring coats.
Yeah, who does?
The second hooker informant also told him that Spitzer was fond of using sex toys to enhance his own pleasure.
One can only imagine where he was sticking back to him.
The full portrait of Mr. Spitzer's sex line trust has yet to be told, one source said,
why is that our business?
Why do we care?
I don't care.
The full story of his thing.
I don't really care about his thing.
65 left on the G. of Honest Certificates were pretty embarrassed about it.
Yep.
First rated, despondent, suicidal, and talking about Chris.
Always.
Now maybe you didn't look that bad in that picture.
Maybe you should look at it again.
I was shocked.
You were probably right person.
Huh?
I need to save.
You look bad.
You know, the grubby.
Yeah, was you need to save?
Yeah.
Didn't feel like doing that.
What do you mean by that?
Even as sick as I am, don't you think I shaved this morning?
Of course.
Probably.
I don't shave every day.
Why not?
Lazy.
Slob?
Lazy Slob goes together.
Okay, let's see this picture.
Where is it?
I'll take a better picture of it.
I mean, you know, get rid of clothes.
Not so much.
Not the picture of his pus.
Oh my God.
You look like a mugwamp in that picture.
You look like...
You look like you just came out of Pohoki.
Out of the Pohoki?
Or Okitobi.
The Pohoki in the Hoki?
Out of the fields.
My God.
And you got like a real salad looking at your pus too.
Well, he's very attractive.
Whatever her name is.
Yes, yes.
The cold.
Mickey.
And he's like a guy, you know?
Well.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
Uh oh.
I remember I told you I'm going to be excited.
What's the one o'clock hour I got to take those breaks out of the way?
It's subsided.
Yeah, I'll, I'll, I'll, you know.
There's a rumble in the jungle.
Yeah.
Scary one too.
Look at all those pictures that I can check and add studio.
They're not making it.
Right.
They're not making it.
So they're not making it.
That's what it says.
It's just bigger pictures.
I don't know if I can find a fun wall.
It's all gone.
I said fire to it.
Yeah.
It was already forming.
So we just put it outside and burst into flames.
All those cutouts have been reeky.
All those stand up.
All those posters.
Yeah.
We were the life signs.
What was it of?
Enrique Glacier.
Is that what it was?
Yeah.
We had a Luis Miguel.
I remember there was like a, a mask or something over the head.
Took it all down to the park and a lot.
Piled it up in the middle and, uh,
and it just caught fire all by itself.
The thing I didn't have like a,
a full-size picture of Steven straight in there in the wall.
Yeah.
Well, we would have shipped that up to you.
You know, something got important.
Like a blow up now, something like that.
A blow up now?
Have you seen that movie yet, Covenant?
No, no, no.
I told you I would send it to you.
I, uh, I was, it's been on cable and I've been resisting watching it very easily.
Why is that?
Because look at that.
Looked for me.
There's, there's a couple of hot chicks in there.
Yeah, but they don't show nothing.
No, that's true.
The guys do, though.
Guys who are running around almost naked most of the movie,
that's what it's all about.
For people who want to see hot young guys running around in bathing suits almost naked,
they're doing most of the movie.
And doing all these weird things with their eyes.
They have these supernatural powers and the eyes have it, baby.
Yeah.
Pretty great movie.
I would say, I would say best movie of all time.
All right.
I mean, puts that freaking Godfather in the toilet, you know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
There's no one think about the Godfather, ain't nobody hot in that.
Better shot it.
Yeah.
You're gonna say that I swear.
I'm a soulmate, grand children.
And I will not be the one to break the peace we made today.
What's his name?
The best talent.
This is your budget.
It's 4.256.2 AM.
The next sports leader.
That is Larry King and they don't come any better than me or Ed.
Well, I'm not trying to put me to the down.
I'm not getting the final emanations, but now he knows all.
Stick around.
I'm talking about my emanations.
Well, give up my supergiver to delegate.
I'm talking about my emanations.
If he thinks I will, he must be not talking about my emanations.
This is my emanations.
This is my emanations, baby.
Well, I want to meet you from a paid away.
I'm talking about my emanations.
What else do you think his pastor will suspect us?
I'm talking about my emanations.
I'm not trying to cause a big altercocation.
I'm not trying to stop my emanations.
I'm not trying to get the emanations.
I'm not trying to stop my emanations.
This is my emanations, baby.
Pay nominal emanations with appreciation.
What do you do?
You should have said so, Larry.
When 34 is our substitute, I'm going to bring the aimers in sight or a haller.
You'll have to believe.
Wow.
I run the first hour, I think, you know, it was okay.
And I stay here like half an hour and a half, because it's something you're seeing in
the church, you know, excuse me.
Well, I'm just getting in your hand and you hit us way up as a poster like lying down.
I'm like, I'm like, my eyes are drips, but I'm looking in the drawer and you start hacking
and coughing.
You know how to cover the line down when you got stuck out that down?
I think I would be, you know?
Okay.
You know?
No, maybe not, but when I got a big head full of flame, I hate laying down.
Same thing.
When I have a head full of flame, I hate laying down.
I don't have any strength, but whatever it is, it's just personally something that I was
looking at when it was on my own eyes.
If I lay back, if I put my head back, that's when it all goes poor.
That kind of thing is really, really.
I don't know when the parallel where they are fights and all that fight stuff.
Fair 66.
Red makes you fight the worst date being 77, eggs 48.
And that's what I almost wrote on the metal.
I mean, I wrote a big beam that I almost wrote on eggs.
I'm going to start coughing again in a second.
You need personal eye light and they did it in my brain.
Not a big deal.
Just a half hour run.
Okay.
Like a number one, I'm going to have a three-five.
I'm a wicker scale.
Well, I thought the parallel must be in a clueless compound because there was a little
rumbling on my head during the stress.
I thought, that's how I did.
Well, you don't want it.
If I hold it on a drop, we're quick.
I'm going to go flying away.
Here's the clip.
That's not so far.
And the good news is the guest's foot syndrome is right across the heart.
I don't like that one because the chain keeps starting off at the where they call it.
The other stopper.
The stopper?
Sure, let's go at that.
The topper.
Right.
Well, that's what keeps on out all the time.
There was some way I've really used it.
I don't know.
I was a little bit of a chap.
It's got too much slack.
That's the quick.
How it is, that's not so slack.
Not.
How it is an environment of protest mages and scientists say they've been preferred by
the appeals to skewed their findings.
According to some of the releases to aid by an advocacy group, by the way, was the 20th
yesterday here.
It's going to be 20th and the 68th.
It's sorry.
Sorry, I'm 20th.
I like it.
The number of questions scientists said more than half the number of 16 heavy-nPA staff
scientists who were spotted around either a detailed question there were from their
experts incidents, a political interference in their work.
EPA spokesman, Jennifer Shruder, attempted some of this to be treated to be a passion scientist
and told the work.
He said, equally administrative student, John Larson, as a long time course scientist at the
end of the year, he said, the science is going to be a bit more than half the number of
16 heavy-nPA staff.
He said, the science is going to be a bit more than half the number of 16 heavy-nPA staff
and the science is going to be a bit more than half the number of 16 heavy-nPA staff
and the science is going to be a bit more than half the number of 16 heavy-nPA staff
and the science is going to be a bit more than half the number of 16 heavy-nPA staff
and not really just how the pile, how the, how the apparently just so many.
I mean the whole pile.
Wasn't it like I think about the first Stalin-susurious, doctors, and...
It's kind of frustrating.
When someone crossed somebody else's頻 in during the day and had a car from the fight,
then I carried a�을, fixed and we had a passenger Hey!
I never had a children coming out of the car I tried to put on food in the middle
I should have little more luck for us, you know, and let the guys for them.
But I don't.
Any more time for the guys for a way when his mac was off last night, right?
It was, it was more than I knew his bag was something.
He was a bastard.
Pull away.
Well, here's our panel.
We got another panel.
I'm gonna come back.
We got more people on the panel.
There's no, there's no, there's nothing in shows.
But the family get done introducing all the trucking heads on a panel.
The segment is over already.
The humming of people that have honored to discuss the same thing here, I want to tell
you how many trucking heads you have to have before it's enough.
I just don't get it.
I hate that.
Why can't I have like one or two right now?
That's currently a bottle like a day of one-touch camp and that's an offer, right?
But they don't tell everyone.
Well, that's an offer, you know.
Most of the time, they got a lawyer.
I got somebody over here.
Somebody over there.
Somebody in Kansas City.
It's just, this is what it does to all those people.
A lot more people getting paid.
Cost more money.
Mm-hmm.
Well, it's kind of like when the head of the spirituals are on the spirituals.
Mm-hmm.
You remember until Jory went to start taking some notes.
Between the next ones and then they're going to listen to notes and talk about your
other pad.
But in some of these companies now, it's all considered outstanding to much money and
so cost-conscious.
How can they be penalized down the drain on people who are like, I'm on a pillow number
one.
So they've been on the pillow number two and who are the ratings number three?
Who are you two out?
No, I can't.
That's why.
Who do the reason?
Spurts?
That's right.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
If you're talking about the bomb.
Thanks.
I'm not sure what to say.
Are you telling me that...
Can you hear me?
I don't know.
I'm not sure.
I just worry about the bomb.
There is not a word or awers.
Leave it Your copies unused enter Christ catheptic.
I'm sorry, but I heard you change.
What about them?
Based on the rooms number one.
I'm telling you what's on about them.
I'm a dead fucking bull!
What's on your mind?
Based on teams number one.
Yes, so they had that little refer-for-sur-field that I've been sending?
Yeah, apparently.
I read about that.
That's what you got now.
Because there was something in my mind or something like that.
On crack rock?
What?
Your mom was on crack rock?
No, no.
I don't know if I'm gonna look at that picture here again.
I don't know if that's something from your school days.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Didn't have crack rock in his day.
Exactly, I forgot.
But I have crack rock in his day.
I have crack rock in his day.
But I wasn't in charge of him.
You put things to care around when I was in school.
They were like, your mom was on crack rock and I was supposed to be like, an insult.
But for you, they were just learning fire so they didn't have crack rock yet.
Right.
They cracked rocks, but it was a different thing.
Yeah, I forgot.
How do you all say?
Tell me something that I don't know.
Yeah, I just remember.
It was something.
Well, if someone's preaching to me through a hit or a tear, I'd like to know if I was on a hit or a tear.
This is probably that person there.
Why, that's the biggest of his problems.
There is no name.
You're not too...
Miss Fatty is going to die in a minute.
Now, I like the beast.
I'm not that bad.
Oh, no, no, that's not.
Miss Fatty is going to die in a minute.
I like the jodas on the beast.
I mean, God.
I'm sensitive to staying with his family.
Peace to have him, by the way.
And how's that working?
Fatty.
Any living sight in the room, shot?
No, we never had this.
No, no, no.
I'm better than I would recognize.
No, no.
It's an unbelievable sound.
We're a parade.
Kind of we're a parade at some of the crats.
Sorry.
This way.
You're a 14.5.
We're a parade.
It's day.
My every town.
Yes.
I'd fight six old WQA.
There's my story.
It said but true.
I'm a sex addict.
And I want you.
I love sex.
Every way.
So great.
Let's have some ocean.
Come on, let's play.
Hey, hey, hey.
No, no, no.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey!
I was always on my thing, I'm away.
At home.
I'm a pink item.
I'm like a princess.
I'm a pink item.
I'm a pink item.
I don't get it from my wife, hell, that's why they call me President, run around and bail
There's nothing sexual, the hour I'm new, come along and bring a friend up here
I'm a student from the windowsill, in Gumprister, sexy, run around and bail
I can't see, I can't move, I can do it, tell the ones where I'm right
I don't get it from my wife, hell, that's why they call me President, I can't move
I'm a geeky stuff, I'm a head for another prey, and I can't please say yes
I'm a sexer, all I got comes from here, you might have had it in your head
You've had it in your head, run around and bail
How you doing, honey?
I'm not a lot of you drinking boo
I'm like a lot of police, you're in a trouble, I'm the president
I was hunting down, I was hunting down, I was hunting down
I was hunting down, I was hunting down, I was hunting down
Bye bye bye
The biggest names, the best talent
I'll follow that
The gold for Miami, the open swedish
Sports radio, 560 WQAM
I'm Miami, for the Lauderdale
God damn f***
