Mill Rogers is coming up next at 10 o'clock.
The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host guests and collars
and do not represent the Beast's broadcast group.
It's down to advertisers for agencies.
Oh God! The biggest names. The best talent.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
My, my, my Emmy for the Latter-Day.
Too bad about them brownies, huh? They bloated.
They bloated.
They bloated.
They sucked.
Joe Bell got fired. That's the rumor that Jeff Hyde is starting around town.
Hey, Tubby. Get a life.
They've worn them about to have 5 but score and listen to us.
Oh, 560 WQAM.
It's new and yours to Neil Rogers show.
To talk to Neil, dial 560-05.
You know I'm still making rubber absurdly not smelling.
It's quite a new place to sound like a moron.
Every time he speaks, it's the way God wants it to speak.
He wants to take a city and cover it in the sweet.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Cause he wants to make new or leaves taste good.
And I don't care what people are saying.
It comes like Jesse Jackson.
We as black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is mad.
He compares the locals to a willy-bong-cuffer.
Chocking.
Yes, Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Cause he wants to make new or leaves taste good.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans.
The one that should be a town all the way over the old.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate in the wall.
He never takes the blame for anything he said.
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate in some coffee and a f*** of one-folders.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
You know I can.
Raynagan can.
Cause he wants to make new or leaves taste good.
You can't have New Orleans no other way.
No other way.
It wasn't me in the wall.
Yeah, get lost.
You moron.
10 out of 560 WQA.
I'm happy Friday to you.
Fat boys starting the rumor Jeff Hyes is all over the place.
Joe Bell got fired across the street.
Oh, ho, ho.
I think they make a great pair.
And Chris, by the way, is getting jealous.
Oh, yeah, totally.
Oh, my God.
A fat boy moves in on your territory.
It's just not going to be enough leftover for you.
Have you just faxed this to me?
I did.
Former Texas backup lineman, Buck Burnett.
Hey, Buck!
Apologize yesterday for posting a racial slew run
on his Facebook book page about Barack Obama being elected president.
So many bigots and so little time.
Burnett, a sophomore who played in seven games this season
left the number five long horns on Wednesday.
The team said Burnett violated team rules.
Would not elaborate.
His Facebook page had been deleted as of yesterday.
An assatement to the associated press Burnett said he made a terrible decision
to post a text message he received about Obama's victory that contained a racial slur.
That lack of judgment on my part has had devastating consequences to statement read.
Those who know me understand this is not a true reflection of my character.
Right, Buck.
I sincerely apologize to everyone I've offended.
I've had the opportunity to apologize to my teammates and coaches.
I've received support from many of them in return.
Burnett started one game at center in 2007 as a red shirt freshman.
Whatever the hell that means.
It was a high school start, Wimberly high school near Austin.
How about a true freshman?
Oh, he was a red shirt freshman.
But what about a true freshman?
What about like in math class, someone in the science?
Did they have any true freshman in science class?
No.
Oh.
And by the way, I've had few people email me and ask me how come the game marriage thing
got defeated even in Florida in California where they had this humongous turnout for Obama?
Well, among that humongous turnout were enormous numbers of dark, complex folks.
And generally speaking, it's well documented.
It's not just my opinion.
It's well documented that dark, complex folks tend to be extraordinarily homophobic.
And in the churches, of course, they round these people up.
I'll get out there and vote against them, fanchants.
Yes.
Yeah.
And so that kind of explains it very simply.
You think that people who are always crying about being discriminated against and have good
reason to be screaming about it.
You think that they'd have a little empathy for others, but they often don't.
Here's the poll result from yesterday, 966 votes.
By the way, Brady Quinn is so beautiful.
I know that sounds very gay, but he is.
He's pretty.
And you didn't see the game last night.
Nope.
Because you don't have NFL network.
Correct.
What kind of a Mickey Mouse cable you got?
Come say it.
That.
I don't say it.
See?
You don't have any common sense.
What's more because I only have a radio.
Conjecture is going to be really peeled with you, mister.
Well, Comcast has it.
It just cost $5 extra a month.
Exactly.
Oh, $5 a month.
Like, he can afford that.
I got it even here.
Even all the way up here, I got NFL network.
And I don't have to pay anything extra for it.
Quarterback.
Warren Samp acts the question into pre-game show.
It was very.
He acts the question into pre-game show.
Like I said, go back to us, Sienna.
He, oh, that's a Dion, Dion, Dion.
What a piece of turd he is.
So you missed the game.
Too bad the Browns have no defense.
Because Jake Cutler is a joke.
The Broncos are a joke.
And Brady played a damn good game through two touchdown passes.
And he did a good game.
He done it.
And he looked so good, man.
I wanted to reach into the into the screen and just give him a pat on the back.
And maybe even a little break, though, because that's part of sports, you know, pat on the ass.
That's what John Brady, what?
That's what parents did the day.
He is breathtakingly beautiful.
Even Flea would agree with that.
It's a good looking guy.
Yeah, see, there you go.
Even Flea admits that Brady Quinn is so hot that he would do him in a heartbeat.
Well, 966 votes on the poll.
If I could take a body part from a celebrity and put it on my spouse, I would take.
Jennifer Lopez's ass.
Brackum.
182.
Lotta ass floating around out there.
WTF 159.
I was at the replacement for Hattis Pol or.
Yeah, I guess.
I guess. Although it's more amusing, you know, WTF.
What the?
Pamela Anderson's boobies, 116.
I'm sure that's going back to the earlier boobies, not the saggy fake ones.
She's carrying around now.
I don't have a spouse 110.
Jennifer Aniston's ass 72.
There we go with ass again.
You ask eyes, man.
Angelina Jolie's lip 64.
Kathy Ireland's eyes 51.
Her eyes.
John Holmes member 38.
I bet I ain't looking too good now.
Brady Quinn's chest 36.
Brady Quinn's chest.
Can anyone even begin to imagine?
We don't have to imagine.
By the way, I sent some more pictures of Brady Quinn almost naked to.
What if Eric put them on there?
Or Josh Cordis?
Did they put them on there?
We don't want that.
Get that factory off there.
All your listeners are head or whatever sexual.
They don't want to see Brady Quinn naked.
Oh, yeah, he did put them on there.
In fact, right above my grotesque picture.
It's like in the shower or like in the rain or whatever he's in.
Wow.
That's a picture.
That's a man.
Okay.
Hey, Brady, you silly queen, Brady.
I don't know.
See, one thing about Brady Quinn, whether he's straight or gay or by or whatever it is,
it doesn't make any difference because he can basically do whoever he wants.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
He can pick and choose.
Now, wouldn't that be something to be like that to look that good that you could pretty much do anybody you wanted?
Oh, boy, wouldn't that be fine?
That's my goal in life.
I'm going to work on it.
I'm going to get started right now.
You got the money for the plastic surgery.
Yeah.
It would take spastic surgery, not plastic surgery.
Anyway, a Brady Quinn's chest 36.
Sarah Paylon's boobs 35.
Jennifer Aniston's leg's 32.
Jennifer Aniston's hair 23.
Rosa and bars figure 22.
I just, I don't know what that's supposed to mean.
That's supposed to be funny.
I would hope Kate Hudson's lips 13.
Donald Trump's hair 7 and Barack Obama's ears 6.
966.
We could let it go till 1000, but I wanted to change the poll because I like this other one.
We still don't know what that chicken of the sea tuna was on this poll for.
I didn't put it on you know this across to.
Yes.
Oh, and also is Eric back in there because he's got a, he's got a typo in here.
He lost his internet for a while.
Oh, yeah, he's back now instead of fried chicken.
He's got friend chicken.
And leave it to flee the first thing he said when it came in and said is asked down the.
I never heard a friend chicken.
I never heard a friend say it by the way fat boys try to get Joe Bell fired.
Yes, right in the rumor.
You got your head so far of Joe Bell's ass man.
That's just brown from the top of your hair to your chin.
What?
Oh, I am nick my chin shaving this morning, by the way.
I nicked it in my chin too.
I don't like that.
Now why do we do that?
I've got to use great gel at the really the best gel I've played.
Not not those ones with the 85 blades in them.
The best ones with a gray little handle on them, you know.
Those are great.
But every once in a while you nick yourself.
Now why is that?
I don't know.
You ever do it?
Yeah, of course.
And, and why don't they have, I'm sure they do have them, but I don't see them anymore.
I've talked about this a million times.
A thing called a stiptic pencil.
You know what that is?
Oh, yeah, I totally know what those are.
They hurt like hell, but it stops the bleeding.
But it stops the bleeding immediately if not sooner.
My rotten father used to have one of those in the medicine cabinet.
Stiptic pencil.
I wish he would have stuck it in his back dome.
Yeah, just because it burned so bad.
If anybody deserved it, he did.
He was a real bastard.
And now I got to scab off of that spot and I thought it was going to stop and it just continues.
I know you got to take a little clean, ex little toilet paper.
So I'm going to stick it on there.
Right?
Yep.
To absorb the blood till it stops bleeding.
That's one of those things that God gave us, man.
It's all shaving business.
What are they, what are they shave with back in olden days?
Stones?
Yeah, it's what I was going to say.
Rocks?
I feel like I shaved with a rock this morning, just in my chin.
Okay, here's the new poll.
Exploiting pork and shellfish.
What's the most goy-ish of food?
If you know what, if you don't know what goy-ish means, in other words, not for Jews.
Goy-ish.
Oh, here's another one about Derby Lane.
Thanks for bringing up Derby Lane, though.
They prompted me to go last night, punch my guts out.
I walked out with only my crank in my hand.
I should have remembered here comes the bunny and there goes your money.
Nice going, John.
I'm sure you had a good time.
I lost my ass of wood buying this today, too.
Lost my ass.
Not good.
Excluding pork and shellfish, what's the most goy-ish of food?
WTF is winning 31.
That's because they don't understand a question.
Because the audience is overwhelmingly goy-ish.
Biscuits in gravy 20.
That's what I voted.
Boy, that's strictly for goy-am.
Spam 16, pickle legs 14, string being casserole 9, fried chicken 60.
He's stranded on ice going there.
He's stranded out.
Slim Jim's six.
Now, why is that on there?
Right, Slim Jim's all the time.
What's goy-ish about Slim Jim's?
I don't know.
Don't you love Slim Jim's?
I love Slim Jim's.
So what's the problem?
I don't know.
You put it on there.
I didn't put it on it.
It was on the original pole.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You put it on there.
Catfish 5, sloppy Joe's 4, chicken pot pie 4, beef stew 3, and bread pudding and none.
I don't even know what bread pudding is.
Is it like tapioca pudding?
Pretty similar, yeah.
Is it like that caramelized banana cream pie at Ruth Kriss that I had for dessert?
Mm-hmm.
The night of my birthday.
Oh my god, that is.
It's almost as sweet as Brady Quinn, but not quite.
Sweet.
I know.
It's a faggy thing to come on here and talk about some hot guy who's just smoldering.
I guarantee if you put your hand on his chest, your hand would fry like an egg.
No thanks.
That one, I'm just telling you, that's how hot he is.
If you put his, if you put your hand down his pants, you'll definitely burn in hell.
Right there, you were stupid.
Floor la la la la la.
Alright.
I'm great, he's out.
He's dirty.
I want some wind.
I do.
You ain't cheap.
Oh, that boy is like Brady Quinn.
Floor la la la la la.
I want to go on a date, but there's no chance at all.
So does the fake me a sports queen if I want to see him grab the ball?
Absolutely.
Oh baby wow, look at that kid, you ain't seen no man like gravy with.
I gotta hide every screen that helps me see his bones.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get none.
No, the days of my visit school, okay, that's not so great.
But I'm just gonna know that it's madly, at least until it's 28.
I'm raised out, I want some whip, you ain't seen no man quite like gravy with.
Oh baby wow, look at that kid, you ain't seen no man like gravy with.
Okay, 10.19, he is smoking baby, he is really something, he's my hero.
Not that I'm a brown span, I used to be a brown span back when I was a kid.
About 1955 or 56 back in the Jim Brown days, oh boy, those are the days.
That's what I hear.
I'm telling about 19, I don't know, talk him to Florida, 73.
I mean when you come to Florida, you're a dolphin fan for a little while.
Not for very long, then you go to some of the games and you sit around some of those ideas.
By the way, Jason who is really getting on my nerves, okay, I'm gonna start telling you about the chronic e-mailers who get on my nerves.
And Jason, you're one of them, always back, back.
In fact, remember on Tuesday, no on Wednesday, the day after the election in my birthday, Wednesday, whatever the hell day it was.
And this tremendous outpouring, I still got about 1000 of these, thank God.
Happy birthday and we're all excited to Obama won in Yada Yada, everything was positive and great and wonderful.
And then starting with yesterday, like with that 67 Chevy guy, that jackass, and they started turning and turning.
And in fact, I got some in the pile now, ripping a flee, ripping George, ripping, ripping, ripping, ripping, ripping, ripping.
That's out Florida for you, we don't understand why you don't want to be here, Neil.
Oh, yeah, look in the mirror, that'll tell you why.
Jason says spam is pork should not be on the pole. Well, guess what, Jason, Mr. Expert, spam is a pork and other stuff.
There's other crap in there, am I right?
Yes, definitely.
Yes, it's a whole bunch of junk.
It's a whole mullange of mung.
It's all the leftovers.
Yeah, that's right.
It's stuff that even the goyum wouldn't need if they knew what it was.
Shouldn't be on the pole. Shouldn't be on the pole. You made a mistake. You made a mistake.
Good loss Jason, you're a pain in the ass. You're annoying.
Oh, here's some more for that. Frogs legs pickled pigs feet and pork rinds.
Well, pigs feet is pig and pork rinds is pork and the frog's legs, I don't know.
You know what I mean? That's from Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi Yogi.
A four-load of ill residents being facing a $90 fine for his election day celebration.
Brian Nelson honked his car's horn for a few blocks after Obama's win Tuesday until a police officer stopped him.
The officer ticketed Nelson for violating Florida's statute, $316.271, excessive use of the horn.
I wonder if Brady Quinn gets fined for excessive use of his horn, you think?
Nelson complained to the police department's internal affairs unit and emailed Mayor Jim Nagel's office.
A police spokesman said the instance being reviewed the anxious right-wing Jim Nagel who don't like them fairies.
He probably listens to Jimmy Cifilis, though.
That's what really cracks me up as these people. Oh, by the way, I wonder if Barney Frank had been the candidate for president for the Democrats.
How many dark folks would have voted for him on Tuesday? I just mentioned that in passing.
Because when people are oppressed and they turn out to be bigoted themselves, it's very dismaying.
That was up almost 200 points. Let's hear it.
Oh, look at that. Barney, the White House dog, Nifty reporter at the White House. Good. Fight his hand off, Barney.
Scrapple. I never heard of it until my Goyam co-workers discussed the best way to eat for breakfast, with or without syrup, a meal in itself or side to pancakes.
When I asked what it was, they couldn't even describe other than to say it was the leftover scraps of meat mushed together. Sounds disgusting.
And we know Jews don't do disgusting when it comes to food. That's true. Although I know it's not true at all.
Yeah, we're not tongue. That's pretty disgusting. I was just going to say tongue.
Oh, I can't think of anything more disgusting than what I can, but not that I can say on here. Tongue.
I think tongue is almost as disgusting as a dung.
Well, you can put that on there if you want to scrap it. You want to put it on there? It's very similar to this.
Well, it's like spam only. It doesn't look like it. It's it's more. Doesn't it look more like bacon scrap? I don't even know what it looks like.
And who are those who is it? The seventh day Adventist who make that meat-free stuff. I don't know.
What? Bokka brand makes a lot of that stuff. Like Bokka burgers and stuff.
You're talking to the guy that put Bokka burgers on the map. Neither one of you knows that because you both are couple of Johnny come late.
Oh, I put Bokka burgers on the map at IOD a zillion years ago. Just like I put fish food on the map.
And of course, all those people who enjoyed it could tell you about it, but they're all dead now for meeting too much of it.
Let's see. The thing during the breaks they run sports updates on your stream. I don't really care what they're doing on the stream. Don't you understand?
If you can hear the show on the stream, enjoy the show or not as the case may be, whatever your pleasure, but don't keep belly again.
They run into big O spots.
God. Some guy named Greg just did some report on the dolphins game. Who cares? Sports, sports, sports is nauseating. Well, just turn it down during the breaks.
Okay. Jesus. God. Oh, yeah. Larry King caught his young wife cheating. Willowy Blonde, beauty. Sean King, 48.
He's been carrying on a steamy year long extramarital affair right under Larry's nose with hunky Hector Panada, 29, a be list actor.
An investigation in cover that Sean and Hector were so brazen there. Adelter is sad they even made love. I'm a 74 year old talk show host desk at home. Wow.
Who the hell would blame her for crying out loud? Being married to a feeble old lump like Larry. Oh, here's the link. Here's the link. Guess what?
What? What? Delete. How can you leave meatloaf off the pole? Because meatloaf isn't for goyam. Are you crazy? Don't you love meatloaf?
Mm-hmm. God. I just love good meatloaf. How could you leave it off the pole? Really easy because it has nothing to do with the pole. That's why.
I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish.
I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish. I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish.
I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish. I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish.
I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish. I'm going to hold it down like a tuna fish.
1031 at 560 WQM. So fat boy, aka Jeff high has been circulating rumors that jolly joe belgott fired two whether or not true by the way.
Oh, come on. That's what flea said before the show today. They should have fired his fat bag of the ass a long time ago. Now what you said? Well, he's actually not here at the exact moment.
Scrapple sand which at the Delaware State Fair is a picture of it. Oh my God. Scrapple is typically made of haunt oful such as head, heart, liver and other scraps which are boiled with any bones attached off in the entire head to make a broth.
Once cooked, bones and fat are discarded. The meat is reserved and dried cornmeal is boiled in the broth to make a mush, a mush.
The mush are eaten, baby. The meat finally meant to be returned in seasonings typically sage, thyme, savor, others are added. The mush is cast into loaves and allowed to cook cool thoroughly until gelled.
Oh, it's just. You want to see it? I don't know. And that's like a big thing up in like the filly area. That's which scrap.
Scrapple. Yeah. Like the pulses strictly for goyem. A steadily intensifying hurricane, Paloma's forecast to reach category three status with winds of 150, 15 miles an hour. Oh my God.
But it's not going anywhere near you. But if you want to get, you know, at crazy, go to home depot and get a whole bunch of plywood and go get some viscene and all that stuff. I'm going to public to get some water right now. Clean out all the water. That's right. Get all the canned goods.
National Hurricane Center predicts the late season storm will steam over the Cayman Islands tonight and tomorrow should then take aim at the central Cuban coast.
Wipe that thing right off the map. If there's some good news, the system was predicted to weaken the category to status with 100 mile an hour, winds before striking Cuba tomorrow.
And it's heading north east. It's going to go off into the Atlantic and just blow a lot of steam and smoke speaking to jolly Joe.
Michael from focuses. I think you should add bratwurst to the racialist. Hope you had a great birthday. Yeah, my birthday was fine. Mike, but the fact of the matter is bratwurst is pork and I love bratwurst.
Well, I'll tell you. Is there do you know anybody who doesn't love great bratwurst on a grill? Oh, little onion and green peppers with some mustard over there in Berlin. Oh, they got the best the bratwurst in the world in Berlin. Just to die for Rosemary says.
I wrote a week or so ago that the McCain loving Republicans that I work with and you advise on how to deal with them. Whatever that means. Well, I must tell you I can hear you can hear a pin drop right in the right wing world victory. So sweet and Jimmy Cifalus has moved Italy yet since McCain didn't win.
I heard him on the radio this morning. Darn it. Also what body wash was he could talk about with grapefruit. It's soft. So pink or grapefruit. It's delicious. You could almost want to drink it.
Thanks Rosemary. Assume to be a 50 female listener. Did you know that there's a spam spread that's available as a whole all food.
I'm a hell my ass. Halal. Uh-huh. And from this one. Meena. That's the first one is a lot of juice got their kosher and the Arabs got their halal man.
And the India people got their turbines on way too tight and the Chinese man. Well, here's one about the fat Chris again in Joe Bell.
From Stuart nobs. Slava. Neil, hey, Neil, I'm a fan of yours from Wilton manners. I've been listening to your show for the last five years. Now I'm emailing you because I've got some interesting news that may give you a chuckle.
I was one of my favorite gay friendly establishments yesterday even called Ram rods. I was. I was there with my lover, Daron. Oh, Daron.
I was enjoying the night having some drinks and enjoying the scenery when something shocking happened. It was about 10 p.m.
And guess who walked in the door of the bar fat Chris and Jolly Joe Bell. I was shocked. Fat Chris was dressed up as the firefighter from the village people and Jolly Joe was dressed up as a gimp with a red ball in his mouth.
Oh, I sat there sipping my bubble gum martini and watched it to from afar. At first, I was just sitting. Sorry.
Sorry. That was funny. Ram rods is a real place by the way. I know. Okay. I didn't.
At first, they were just sitting there drinking and making small talk with other men around them. But then there was an amateur strip competition with a $10,000 prize.
I could see that Jolly Joe was engaging fat Chris to enter. He was egging him on after Fatsow had a couple of drinks he thought it would be a good idea to win her.
The DJ called Chris up on stage. He chose the song Mula Roo's to dance to. The routine started off fairly boring.
First bat Chris took his shirt off for beating a fat old Harry Chess and some huge tomato looking nipples with stuff as a hair around them.
Crowd started going wild. Fatso then took off his pants, revealing some assless leather chaps in a jock strap.
He first took off the jock strap, walked over to Jolly Joe and put the junk on his head. Joe laughed.
Oh, Chris then proceeded to whip out his ugly uncircumcised member and started going to town.
This anger Joe Bell, he ran on stage and tackled and knocking him off the stage.
The two wrestled around on the floor for a couple minutes and looked like two wardhugs fighting over the last bit of slump.
The monsters came over and threw the two of them out of the club. I couldn't believe what I saw. When when did Jolly Joe and Fat Chris become a couple of raging flamers.
I thought I was a screamer, but these two pillowbiders made me feel like a straight man. Have a wonderful weekend signed Stuart Nobs Slobber.
Wow.
You sent me some stuff? Yes, I'm about the KKK story.
The white co-owner of a Palm Beach restaurant told her black employees they'd be fired if they voted for Barack Obama.
And on the night of Obama's victory she wrote KKK on their time cards and a note she posted in the back of the restaurant.
This is from the Palm Beach Post.
I wrote KKK all over. It was ridiculous and stupid said Patricia Gatti who owns 264 the grill, a casual dining spot on South County Road.
I think I got crazy with Fox News watching too much Fox News. She said, I've got a hot head and I'm crazy. She said today it's my hot Italian blood.
Gatti shares ownership of the restaurant with her black business partner and chef Avery Watson.
She said a resemblance over John or King was just some good nature driven between her and Watson.
It was never meant to be taken seriously by the help. A memo by owner Patricia Gatti and it shows it here with the KKK written on it.
How do you like that? Nice.
And it goes on. It does more to it, but I think you might have grounds to sue Fox, right? Yeah.
She got brainwashed by Fox too much below too much Hannity too much Jimmy syphilis.
They warn you syphilis will roll your brain.
How are we doing on the poll that I was up to 127 points that is nice. 189 votes on our new poll.
What do we do on the other one? Oh nine almost a thousand nine sixty eight nice.
We're off to the races. That's what's fleas with us. George will be back next week.
I got to hate the hate thing about Georgia too. Oh well, you know, like I said, they they they managed to be really nice and friendly and sweet on Wednesday after the election and on my birthday and yada yada.
And now they're we you know they reverted a forum like that.
So I guess I should kiss the board that they found.
You know, they they were able to muster up some decency on Wednesday on my birthday at least because now nothing but psychosis.
191 on the poll excluding pork and shellfish. What's the most goi is your food WTF 45 biscuits in gravy 29 spam 26 string being casserole 19.
I don't know what what that's all about pickled egg 17 fried chicken 13 catfish 10 sloppy Joe's nine slim Jim's eight.
I don't see why that's even on there chicken pot pie six beef stew six scraffle to cornbread one and bread pudding one.
They play like men and they look like women.
Well Buffalo has a football team the greatest in the land and everybody thinks they're great.
I'm not really the Buffalo bills on a number what see what I mean.
So just sing.
When you say my amy when you say Buffalo and near the Buffalo Bills Buffalo Bills.
Delegates team and the history of human race.
Buffalo Bills.
Delegates team.
Sins lies the bread and can be here.
Yeah, there you go.
And you and your jazz up that redneck stuff.
They listen to that banjo.
Holy sweet god listen.
We say Buffalo Bills.
It don't sound so redneck.
He do it.
Everybody sing along now.
Are you bill fans? Here we go.
Well the Buffalo Bills are the best teams.
They have the best record over the last five years.
And they went to the Super Bowl four times which is more than I can say for this scum second fish.
And they're the greatest.
Because I believe like their uniforms.
They share his hell beat the heck out of having a fish on the helmet because they're the Buffalo whole bills.
The best football team.
What I ever seen in the history of my life they ought to Buffalo Bills.
The Buffalo Bills.
The whole gym Kelly the greatest quarterback in the league.
Yeah, everybody the Buffalo Bills.
They're the Buffalo Bills.
And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish.
Well, and the Buffalo Bills.
Buffalo Bills.
What would you rather have as a pet a Buffalo or a fish?
1046, 14 before 11 at 560 WQAM.
So Judah Essens says chicken pot pie makes no sense.
My mother served that to me when I was a kid.
Chicken pot pie is strictly for goam.
Your mom was like doing evil.
Maybe your mom hated you.
Beef stew WTF?
Yeah beef stew is for goam.
Tickled egg slim Jim spam sure it says sure.
Slim Jim's I don't understand I have no idea what that has to do with anything.
But how about a burger in a glass of milk fat it says fat.
Treyf.
How about a cheeseburger in and of itself?
Treyf.
Cheeseburger with bacon on it. That's my favorite.
Feed a couple to Gary Sarner.
In fact, that's what we're going to do next week.
We're going to like sneak up.
We're going to have a whole group of people sneak up beyond Gary Sarner.
Hog tie his ass down and force feed him to bacon double cheeseburgers.
Well, he's going to like convulsions or something.
I see the thing about the ainess burger.
Oh, it must have been a local insert spot because I saw it last night on the browns Denver game.
Well, outside of the browns defense really blows.
They blew it.
They blew it wide open.
They had that game in the palm of the Brady Quinn's hand.
And they're defense.
You can't complain about their defense because they don't have any.
They made Jay Cutler look like Otto Graham.
Pathetic.
He's really weak.
I put him almost in the same category with sage erosion house to crant whatever his name is.
Sage Rosalfeld's?
Yeah, that one.
Although I think he's in a class by himself.
David Rift George and ass long ass ripping an email here.
Subject.
George is a loser.
Hey, Neil.
George is the biggest loser ever.
I went to galaxy skate last night with my five year old daughter.
And guess who was there?
George Rodriguez.
Well, last night was Thursday.
It's roller skating night, you know?
Yep.
The adult night.
Oh, God.
Is he serious about that or?
Mm-hmm.
He was there with a group of people, most of them being really trashy looking trailer park women.
One of the girls was actually missing one of her front teeth.
George looked like such a queer.
He was wearing a pair of cut off jeans shorts, white socks, hiked all the way up his ankle.
Some old skates they looked like they were from the 1940s.
And a shirt that said, smoke crap and worship Satan.
That's like the crack.
When I say crap, I think so.
Smoke crap.
Smoke crack and worship Satan.
He looked like the biggest a-hole I've ever seen.
I think it would have been funny for what it said, smoke crap.
As I was watching my daughter skate around, I noticed George holding hands and skating around with some big fat guy, probably fat Chris.
Then George sat into my cool and started skating very fast backwards.
It was, at this time I saw the funniest thing I've ever seen.
George lost his balance and tripped, slowed across the floor and went headfirst round to the wall.
I laughed so hard that I crapped a little, my crap myself a little bit.
Well, smoke some crap.
I ran to the bathroom, cleaned myself up and went back out on the floor to get my daughter.
As I grabbed my daughter, I looked over and saw George sitting on the bench with an ice pack on his head, his eyes were all puffy and red, like he had just cried or rivered.
My daughter and I walked over to George told him I couldn't wait to tell Neil about this incident in the morning.
After I said that, George looked up and gave me my daughter the finger, told me to go F myself.
I called him a D bag and walked out.
Can't say douche.
I think that George is a huge loser.
He always tries to act cool in a real life. He's really huge dope.
I hope he's very embarrassed when he hears this.
Go to hell, George. My daughter thinks you're a loser as well.
Says David.
Little drama at the roller rink, baby.
Save the drama for your mama and don't tell Obama.
210 votes, in fact, Chris's poll about truth as if you'd know something about it.
Here's one about Scrapple.
Says New England Pennsylvania definition of Scrapple is everything but the oink.
I've never had it. It says, but I've heard that it's if it's made fresh with maple syrup and plenty of spices, it's quite tasty.
Or at least, I'll have a lot different than the pre-packaged crap they sell, Susandra.
Please don't forget to post those female word definitions right yesterday. They were funny.
Well, that's great. They were funny, but I'm not posting anything.
Okay, I don't I don't post stuff on demand.
Oh, be sure and do this and be sure and do that.
Oh, anyway, the guy who was faking us who was playing games about the website, Richard Romer.
The character Al Patino's character in Glenguried Glen Ross was Ricky Roma, not Richard Roma.
But evidently, that was as close as you could get.
Ricky Roma, R-O-M-A, is in like a Revederci Roma like that.
Roma.
But, you know, why not? Why not just it's like, you know, Facebook and my space and your place and my face and your space?
Anonymous crap. Just make up email addresses and send a bunch of garbage.
And that's fine. Just keep just keep it coming.
We got three hours to kill here yet today.
Keep them coming. I don't want to have to read all those birthday ones from Wednesday.
I never got to. Although it would be nice to read them all on a year because, you know, probably a lot of people are waiting to hear their own email, right?
Probably.
Like people would say, oh, give a shout out to yadi, yadi, yadi.
And when they say shout out, you know what? I just blow them away.
That was up on 86. So there's T-Boone Pickens.
The gas price goes.
She's out with Larry tonight. Larry's wife will not be on the show, by the way.
I hope somebody calls up Larry and ask him about his incestuous, uh, his adulterous wife.
Wouldn't that be great?
Uh-huh.
What's the question? What's the question?
Uh-huh. That would be great.
Larry starts getting a bunch of crank calls about his, uh, adventurous wife.
K-Beasts is a, I have a complaint about these streaming breaks.
They are playing audio of Kristen Jolly Joe having sex in the T-Roam.
I know what your complaint is all about. That's the most entertaining thing we've had on during those breaks ever.
Ever.
No complaints about the quality of the streaming though today, but it's just as fine as old wine.
You think?
Sure.
Here's one that says, yo, Neil, George did this show two weeks ago.
What's the strangest thing you eat? He talked about scrap of her 20 minutes.
No, this isn't the, I know that pool.
This isn't the one about like head, cheese and stuff like that.
George did this show two weeks ago.
How do you, how do you like that? Is that pathetic or what?
The pool is excluding pork and shellfish.
What's the most goy-ish of food?
Not what's the strangest thing you eat?
God.
Here's one from Jolly Joe Bell about fat Chris in the NFL network.
Says, hey, Neil, maybe fat Chris can cut out one double bacon cheeseburger month from his fat mouth and buy NFL network for the rest of the day.
He just five bucks a month for only the months of November and December.
Of course, maybe fat Chris needs to shovel more double cheeseburger so we can die.
Says Joe Bell.
Wow.
And Joe didn't even put on a whole this time.
That's how little he cares about you.
He hates you.
Here's one that says, I hate flee.
Probably from the same guy the last couple days it's been ripping you and ass.
Okay.
All the world is served by the way.
I'm sure.
Hey, Neil God, I hate flee.
He's such a deep bag.
He talks like his wife has his nuts and a vice.
Why is he such a loser, Neil?
Every time he opens up his stupid pie hole, stupid ass pie hole, I want to jump out the window.
Please.
Please shoot that homo up, Neil.
I don't know this word cut off.
If I was pleased, wife, I would take the kids all his money and leave.
I don't have any kids or money, so.
What?
I don't have kids or money, so.
You're a bigger loser than fat Chris, you squeaking a hole.
Do the audience and your family a favor and kill yourself already.
Die, you squeaky voice moron.
Maybe you die of wicked bloody diarrhea and rotten hell, you buttonhole die.
Signed Frankie.
Yeah.
Whole idea.
How do you wish flee would die?
Stabbed to death, drowned to death, shot in the head or raped to death.
You're making a mark.
When they hate you in this market, man, it means that you've really made your mark.
That means you've said hello and or goodbye.
That's about it.
That's all it takes itself for.
We hate you.
BAM!
Yeah, they're getting really sturly again, man.
Too much nicety on a Wednesday.
Good thing the birthday thing comes only once a year.
Although here's one, it says, happy belated birthday from Monty.
I've been out of circulation this past week.
I'm now just catching up on current events.
Not sure if you covered this story yet, but I saw breaking news.
I'm linking Larry King's wife to their son's baseball coach.
Sources revealed his wife was so brazen she instructed the coach to mount her on Larry's home office desk.
Can you imagine that?
The mount her.
From what I read, Larry, standing by his wife is still very much in love with her.
There's no word on whether or not the desk has been replaced.
That's all for now.
This is money.
I'm surprised we've only had two or three of those Larry King ones.
Uh-huh.
Like somebody we would care about that.
He's a pathetic, tragic old, suspended toad with a bag who likes young chicks.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with liking young chicks, but you expect that she's going to start screwing around with like a real guy, you know.
Plus, he smells bad.
That could be a little bit of a turn off.
Uh-huh.
Ask Josh Friedman about that.
The fact that he smells bad if it's a turn off.
If people run like a son of a bitch when they see him.
Oh my god, look who it is.
And they run in the opposite direction.
Lisa says just wanted to say happy birthday.
Hope your old fat pimpley ass lives a lot longer.
My old fat cellulite ass likes listening to you.
You're the Schmidt.
Thanks, Lisa.
L.I.S.C.
How do you pronounce that?
Lice?
I think Lisa.
Lisa sounds right, sir.
Dave Walker's is happy birthday.
And you'll hope for many more loyalists through 20 years.
Thank you, Dave.
He has thanks for the good times.
A window of those stars.
What's his name?
The best out of people with no Roger.
This is the Neorodger show.
I'm Harry.
He'll tell you about a special place.
Just to show with the stars.
From New York he's death open.
Let's go.
That's where I want to go.
I can't have a fomid all.
It was us in the polka nose.
He can feel death.
I'm not afraid.
That's the place.
A full board if you wish.
I got a nine.
Go for Saturday brunch.
Or for the food on top of your dinner.
I hope it's cold.
In the polka nose.
Skytop and bar kill.
Camel back in first kill.
Mount Ellie and Johnny.
They're even making runies.
I know.
Slidrock and clasco.
Oh, we last got pumpkin in the polka nose.
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
With Tony Orlando.
In the polka nose.
Get a hot cha-ta.
You put a champagne.
Shit, buy the pool and act like a shop.
Let's get the chips.
You get me a nice girl.
Over by the exercise club.
Hey, cutie-o-bay.
In the polka nose.
Skytop and bar kill.
Camel back in first kill.
Mount Ellie and Johnny.
Don't forget Mickey Riny.
Slidrock and clasco.
Oh, we last got pumpkin in the polka nose.
We'll have some lunch and then we'll see our show.
With Tony Orlando.
In the polka nose.
Let's go if I get you teeth.
I know I got my teeth in the little bag with the water and the effort then.
11.02.
Effeter, that's a good poll question.
Efferdent or parliament?
Huh?
Martha Ray is still dead, right?
Here's one from the far-bison Judah Essen.
Bad phony name.
From Rochester, question mark.
Yeah, Rochester, please.
You're going to determine what's hamish?
Stick to lilacs and hockey.
And slim gyms.
Shabbat Shalom.
Tushy portal.
Judah Essen.
Yeah, Kushmeer and Tuchas, okay, Judah?
Boy, they're nasty.
They're raw.
BAH!
You know who that is?
That's the 67 from yesterday.
67 Chevy, whatever.
Mm-hmm.
It was giving me a lecture about what I know about Jewishness and what I know about my own religion.
Kushmeer and Tuchas.
As the goyms say, Kushmeer and Tuchas.
Like Joe Bell, he took us down the road to hell as what Joe Bell took us.
Even Flee knows that.
Uh-huh.
You gone?
No, I'm here.
Well, here's one for you.
Flee's a good guy, it says.
Uh-oh.
When I won some Panther tickets on the Joe Rose show, we actually mailed me to the tickets and I got them.
Says Mike.
That's what makes you a good guy.
You sent him some Panther tickets.
That's right.
And how come Joe Rose has got all the tickets to give away and we get squat.
We get dumped on, man.
We get nothing.
How about some club level tickets for the lightning Panther game next Wednesday?
Screw it.
Okay.
When I have to start giving tickets away on the year, the stupid hockey games, are you kidding me?
How about those make-believes, by the way, they really suck.
Oh!
And in case you missed it in the Sunsendle because they didn't have the score because the games started at 10.30.
The Panthers lost again at LA, the Kings 3-2 last night.
They lost.
Which they seem to be doing a lot of lately, just like the make-believes.
That game must have ended by 8.30 since it didn't make the uh- Sunsendle.
The games started at 10.30 our time.
You think there was any chance of them having that score in there?
None.
Of course.
The scum sent away.
It used to be pretty decent newspaper and now it's like four pages of ads and crap.
Garbage.
Nice goal, Randy, Michael's you loser.
Lunatic.
Oh, but he was a radio genius with J. Corr, right.
Here's one that says I was raised on beef stew and vegetables on a bit of wide noodles.
Great comfort food.
That sounds a little bit almost like, what was I talking about the other day?
Beef stroganoff.
Beef stroganoff.
Oh god, do I love that.
Mmm.
Especially if the gravy is really, really good, you know.
Now what about Swedish meatballs on wide noodles?
Oh, that's good stuff.
Mmm.
Man, almost as tasty as Brady Quinn.
It says, then I went to college in Sun Item for dinner called Yankee Pot roast.
Having never eaten pot roast before thinking it was for goyem, I looked at what it was.
It looked just like the delicious stew I'd always enjoyed.
Is stew and pot roast the same?
Is pot roast the goyem name?
No, stews made pot roast.
My my made pot roast often.
It was pretty good.
And what about stew?
I don't recall her ever making...
Yeah, yeah, she did.
She made beef stew.
Remember stew or one on the stew or one show about a hundred years ago?
No.
I do.
That's because I'm old, ancient.
Here's one from Wednesday.
Happy birthday.
Made Leonard's stab from guiding light miraculously recover from his hang gliding accident in 93 and appear stark naked in your bed.
I looked it up, he played heart.
He was one of those guys who played heart.
I don't remember what he looked like or which one.
He was no J, I'll take it that.
Oh.
Nora's son, J, I'm guiding light as in years ago.
That show by the way is turned to turd.
I haven't watched it in ages.
I've tried to watch it a little bit a few days ago and boy, what garbage.
The Dow is up almost 200 points, 188.
It's going to be a fine Friday.
In spite of all the negativeism we're getting, flea, of course, that generates most of that.
As soon as they hear his squeaky voice, they start getting really surly.
Oh, look at this.
Oh, no, this is the worst.
Somebody just sent me something.
It's just unacceptable.
It's a review of the Amos Burger.
I'm going to print it out read it on the ear.
Some people just have no taste.
That's why so many people love vanilla ice cream.
Just plain vanilla ice cream with nothing on it.
Now, the easier review, enjoy vanilla ice cream.
Just plain.
No, not really.
What about you, Tubby?
Not really.
In fact, if you get neapolitan ice cream, it's got the vanilla strawberry and chocolate.
I never eat the vanilla.
I just thought I'd mention that.
I'll save it for you guys.
Here's one that says, hey, Neil, happy late birthday.
I thought you might find this review interesting.
It'll be good to have George back next week.
The guys are making an effort, but George is many years with you.
Make his contributions more entertaining.
Harry from SIB.
What's the SIB?
Siberia?
No, no, no.
McDonald's third-pounder, Angus mushroom and Swiss grade F.
It doesn't say where this review is from though.
Now, oh, I see.
AL fast food reviews are 32 choices from AOL.
Well, it figures AOL because AOL sucks.
It's one thing I agree with George, I'm an AOL blows.
Grade F, our food editor's husband proclaimed that he just had the worst burger in all the land.
So naturally, we had no choice but to sample for ourselves.
Turns out he was wrong.
It was, in fact, the absolute most extremely terrible, awfully horrible burger in the known universe.
The industrial mushrooms had the flavor and mouth appeal of a sneaker in soil,
while earwax and Swiss cheese and glob don mayo formed a thick slick,
which was truth to be told necessary in order to moisten the throats efficiently
to swallow the spongy gray mass that was being hocked as an anus patty.
Bad things happen when Mickey D's tries to get schmancy and they beefed this one badly.
Oh, you should live so long.
I hope the bird of paradise takes a wild diary right on your head at AOL.
The anus burger with bacon and cheddar is the finest product they've ever put out by far.
And they're selling them like hotcakes.
They're selling them like halivai and juuselum.
But everybody's an expert and that's why you folks can't get them
because all these bad reviews are coming up.
Can you believe that?
No.
I mean, for me to rave about, I mean, I like the double-lunchy's burger with Mickey D's just fine.
You can eat it without the bun, you know?
Just hold it in your hand and chop on it.
You're rid of that bun.
Apparently they're also selling it in Los Angeles.
Yeah.
That's another test market.
A lot of Chinese money in Los Angeles.
Oh, yeah.
Lots and lots of Chinese money.
Not as many as here though I don't think.
There can't possibly half a Chinese here.
Really?
400,000 Chinese in Toronto.
Wow.
665,000 gay people.
Although I think that's in a low ball.
It's probably like 6 million.
Probably 100,000 punjabi.
253, fucks on the pole.
Excluding pork and shellfish, what is the most?
Goyeshia food.
Strickly for goyem.
WTF 52.
That's a cop-out.
That's an even beyond or any more.
Who talked us into putting that on there every day?
I think that was George.
Yeah.
Go back to the roller rink, George.
Go roll a big one.
Viscuits in gravy 38, spam 36, string being casserole 27.
What do they put like some kind of nuts?
Yeah, almonds.
Slice, like almonds.
Yep.
Oh.
And sometimes they also put the, what is it?
The fried onion strips or something like that?
Well, I like that though.
Yeah.
They're like onion, little bits of onion ring.
Yeah.
Well, those onion rings are Ruth Chris man.
They're awesome.
They're huge.
They're big.
Cut them with a knife.
Everything's good there.
Mmm.
God.
Too bad fat Chris doesn't ever be able to afford to eat there.
Yep.
Pickle eggs 22.
Fried chicken 18.
Now what's the most goy is your fried chicken?
Bojangles, Kentucky fry or um, churches?
I guess churches.
Jews don't go to churches.
No, they're not Jewish neighborhood usually.
Sloppy Joe's 10, Slim Jim's 9.
What?
Churches is not in the, usually can't find a church in a Jewish neighborhood now.
Like an adventurer?
Yes.
What about a boat jangles?
No.
Café 13, Sloppy Joe's 10, Slim Jim's 9, Scrapple 8, Beef Stew,
A chicken pot pie 7, bread pudding 5, and cornbread 1.
Cornbread and corn poem.
I tell you one thing, I do love corn on the cob.
I haven't had that in a dog's age.
Do you think more restaurants are the serve corn on the cob?
Oh yeah.
Shmeered with butter.
Is there anybody who doesn't love good corn?
Let me ask again.
Is there anybody?
Oh, I thought that was kind of like a rhetorical question.
Yeah, it was, but the sports leader.
It's Friday, you bastard.
I drive a mercury.
That's three lanes wide.
Oi!
I can't see over the view because I'm three foot five.
Have a tank of oxygen to keep me alive.
My name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
Gotta go find for Sunsmeet juice so I bought five.
And the cashier told me it was only for the larger size.
I bought the pay and discussed.
After farting in line.
Because my name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
Bet you the oily boy for dinner at five.
The soup was cold to duck the browns all they had was lime.
But when they handed me the check, I left them at die.
Because my name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
My condo sets the rules that I live by.
No younger than 92, but still alive.
Those all reason the pool, but type as a fine.
My name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
That's the old high.
I'm looking for a guide.
Here it is from the fake JFI.
We know it's not the real one.
He's sending out emails to everybody.
Joe Bell got fired at QAM.
Did you use to work a cheap channel?
Is that what you were telling me?
Yeah, I worked at Zeta for three years.
Zeta?
That was a great station when I was there.
I heard.
Then I went into the crapper and then all of a sudden became...
What is it now?
It's mega.
It's kind of a...
Oh, a smegma.
Is that the one?
Smegma 94.9?
That's it.
I'll be damned.
We sure had it going on that place.
And then Tim Williams said, well, we'd rather be a safe number three than...
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
You know, what a moron.
Safe number three, my ass.
Tim Williams, one of the dumbest people on the globe.
Those are the days, baby.
Captain Dave, the bird.
Jeff Hyde, the fake JFI says, I know you pay his little attention
on what they do during the breaks as possible.
Let us correct on the internet.
Especially on the internet feed.
But you just got to hear the double orgasm that penis-facing gaki and dumb Bailey Jr. were having
at the end of what I was assumed was last to the weekend's game.
I haven't heard sounds like that since I was given the privilege and honor reviewing the Fat Chris Jolly Jo sex tape
where Jolly Jo was dressed as Benito Mussolini and Fat Chris was dressed in drag as Eva Brown.
I kept waiting for Josh Derrord about to the room dressed as Adolf, but I guess it was his day off.
Seriously, the unintelligible screaming from both of these men that passes for sports broadcasting is beyond unprofessional and horrific.
Now, did you just send me this?
I didn't send you anything.
Tony Viscardi called me today from Waxi and Yadi, Yadi, Yadi.
I don't understand what this is all about.
Who is this from? From High Boy to Joe Bell?
You sent me this?
No, I didn't send you anything.
So maybe the real Joe Bell sent me this?
Could be.
Let me see.
Let me see.
From...yeah, this is from Joe Bell.
Here's the email from the real High Boy.
Joe, Tony Viscardi called me today from Waxi.
He asked me if I had heard if you were still at QAM.
I called Peter while having Viscardi on hold.
Peter said, no way, I told Viscardi.
Who's Peter?
I'm guessing maybe Peter landed?
Oh.
Oh.
I have the utmost respect for you and the great job you've done, sign Jeff.
Anyway, getting back to the fake Jeff, I'm sure is more entertaining than that really email that Charlie Joe sent me.
Seriously, the unintelligible of screaming from both of these men that passed for sports broadcastings beyond unprofessional and horrific.
I've never been in hurricanes, fam, but I never actively disliked them either.
But the men that I hear these two ass clowns, the more I'm tempted to become a big time university of Miami-Hater,
dumb bagelian in particular makes a grunting sound in the beginning of the second half of the clip,
which ranks up there with Bill Zimper's damn it if the touchdown call during Mariner's last game,
the 63-7 debacle against Jacksonville from 100 years ago.
Yours into a Feyland, Jeff Hyde, the fake Jeff Hyde.
In other words, that one.
So, Charlie Joe was in on the act now to the real Charlie Joe,
who has not been fired yet. Nobody can understand why, but he's still here.
He's gonna outlive, he's gonna outlast his all, because he's saving the beesleaves lots of money, baby.
No ratings, no, nothing.
We got out of spots though. Some of them are even paid spots, not too many.
The day I was up only 130 now, boy, it was, it looked like it was gonna really take off today, didn't it?
No.
No.
We don't want to leave money on the table, it's Friday.
I love the way they start talking about that, leaving money on the table.
What the hell does that mean?
They talk such crap.
It's like your money is all tied up in a bunch of stupid meaningless cliches.
Oh, it's a buying opportunity.
Right.
They're evil on CNBC, the gambling channel. They are evil.
I'd much rather, any day, take my life savings, go to Woodbuy, and I could last probably a few weeks.
Manny Lopez is where the grits at, isn't grits on there?
Oh, bad boy, Manny. You've got to have him slow cook, taste like sand, good old southern grits on the pool.
No. Manny in Tallahassee, thanks, Manny. He's right, grits.
I didn't know.
Living in Tallahassee, he'd know about grits.
Oh, S.I.B, by the way, Schmidt and Between, according to a guy named Neil.
I never heard that, did you?
No.
What does that mean? Schmidt and Between.
No idea.
S.I.B. I don't even know what that means.
I mean, I know all three words mean individually, but big momma's AC stolen, please search for suspect.
What does that mean?
Why did somebody send me this story about somebody still her air conditioner?
Big momma? I don't even know who the hell like is, nor do I care.
Let's take up a collection and get some, a new air conditioner for big momma.
I think I'm going to be doing a joist here in a minute.
I think Johnny Jozy, me, I'll put me over the top, over the edge.
In fact, maybe that's what I'll do. I'll do it over the edge.
And then Fatboy can come here and clean it up.
He's used to a clean it up messes in the hollow. He doesn't use a clean it.
He just leaves it for somebody else to clean up.
He said, it don't matter unless it really splatter.
Bill says, I'm going to be in Toronto in December for the Dolphin Bill's game.
I've never been there before.
I was wondering what type of weather to respect.
Cold and probably snow December 7th.
And if there's anything to do, I'll be there for about so many days.
I wasn't saying something days.
Yeah, find a bar and stay inside and keep warm.
December 7th.
I mean, it could be anything. It could be mild.
It could be like today here. A sun of shine.
It's a beautiful day. Not likely though.
You think it might be cold on the 7th of December up north?
Yeah, thanks.
Thanks, though. Yeah.
Go to the CN Tower. Okay. Take the elevator all the way to the top
and then all the way back down.
And by that time your trip here will be over with.
It's 15 already. It's going to be 16 today.
And then finally cooling off over the weekend or Indian summers all over.
16 is 61. It's sunny. It's a beautiful day.
282 votes on the pool. We just got grits on there.
I would think grits would give me the schmitz.
What are grits? Grits like hash browns?
No, grits are made from corn.
Oh, corn. Yeah.
I like corn on the cob like I said before, but corn.
What do they do with it?
I don't know. I think it has to do with the husk of the corn and they grind it up.
I was told by a corn farmer never to eat grits so I don't know.
Why? Well, if I put your grits on me, I can eat it.
If you see me, I will. I'll be.
Yeah, the S.I.B.
What do you say?
I don't eat grits.
Oh, by the way, Zisko, who I thought was our friend, but obviously is not.
Hey, Uncle Neil, can I have those club level tickets?
There are no club level tickets. We don't want them. We're not giving them away.
I'd be glad to give tick my address so we can mail them to me.
I think he's a great guy.
Portley Chris sounds cool too.
Anyway, I've never been to a Panther game.
Was going to do that free tickets with a Florida license thing they're offering.
That would be a good idea.
Of course, then you get some crappy seats way up in nosebleed, but this would be a lot cooler.
Thanks guys and happy birth week from Zisko.
Who used to be my good friend until he started sucking around for free tickets?
Can I have the tickets, Neil? Can I have the tickets?
No, no. It's like doing bio rhythm.
You know, it doesn't require any skill to get a bunch of free loaders caught up for free tickets.
Can I have the tickets, please?
Here's one from Matley Crew. It says you forgot mayonnaise on the pool.
You want to put mayonnaise on there?
Sure.
Although mayonnaise is okay like in chicken salad and tuna salad, Jews eat that, but not like on a sandwich.
Like a baloney sandwich with mayonnaise or a hamburger with mayonnaise.
Oh God, talk about strictly for goyem.
Dramat the roast.
What?
Mayo is just gross.
Dramat the roller rink.
Wow, and treating it says I talked to my mom in New Mexico yesterday for 20 minutes.
She didn't mention the election.
She and my stepdad were huge McCain supporters.
At the end of the call, I said, so what do you think about the results?
A little pause in an oh well.
We'll see very quiet on the Republican side.
And that's true.
Even the emails I'm getting are like nothing at all about that crap.
Quiet, are you wasting?
Oh!
He's going away.
Navarro.
He's the cause of so much grief and sorrow.
He has today.
Navarro.
Navarro.
He's leaving.
Navarro.
Navarro.
He's just a goose.
Step by.
Away.
Hey Nick, you're fair.
1130 at 560.
WQA.
I'm happy Friday to you.
Oh God.
That all the all by the way, S.I.B. is sunny.
I was beach.
Ah.
I mean, where did that guy come up with that Schmidt in between?
What is that?
Never heard of that.
Do you have any idea how much there is out there?
Yes.
And we're not even taking calls.
Because flea gets really sorely when we start taking calls.
That's right.
You want to take one or two?
Sure.
5607-0560, because we're coming to a halt on the email.
Oh, we've got still got 50,000 left over from the other day.
Here's one that says,
Muzzle Tauv, I'm being 66.
Boy, it sounds like we got a Jew Jan going here.
Thanks for 26 years of last bedtime stories,
perspication observations, and highlighting the incompetence of radio station management.
Oh, this is from our left-foot witsy, only Jew and Sea Brain.
Thanks, Arty.
Good old Arty.
S.I.B. Sunny L's Beach.
And somebody had his convinced that was Schmidt in between.
I mean, you can make up anything you want.
I'm just gullible, you know.
When you get to be an old fool like me,
you believe just like that email from Joe Bell.
I don't have any idea what's going on with him.
It's so childish.
Show juvenile.
Getting into a tinkling contest with Fat Boy.
WQIM, hello.
QIM, hello.
Yeah, Muzzle Tauv, Pat Burns.
It burns.
WQIM, hello.
Hey, Neil, you look what today is, right?
What?
Leech Miguel Concert.
You're not going to go?
Where is it?
Here in Miami.
I'm going to fly down to go to Louise, Minnesota.
Here in Canada, I forgot.
Neil, S.I.L.A.
Yeah, okay.
Spigot English, Spigot English.
No pigot of Bonnie, no pigot of Bonnie.
Cut the crap, Ola.
Boy, that just gives me the willies when they start that crap.
Okay, that's enough.
Yeah, that's funny.
That was a nice little experiment there.
We started out with...
Hi, Ron!
Hi, Ron!
The Ron.
And then we moved down from there.
Like I was saying.
And they're all whipped up about the election, you know?
The fact that these people voted.
That was up just a hair over 100 now.
It's dropping.
It was up over 200.
It looked like it was going to be a really beautiful sunny day in America.
Sonny here.
Paul says, thought today couldn't get any better with Obama winning.
And then you played Rick Sanchez singing one in a million U.
I laughed out loud for five minutes.
All I need now is a hot corn b-fon rye and then even South Florida would be tolerable.
Hot corn b-fon rye definitely not for goyam.
Although goyam do like jufu, that's the interesting part of it when you turn it around.
And sparts is like jufu, too, boy.
You go into a deli and Detroit.
Like Luzfon or deli on six mile, probably not there anymore.
They used to be a real mixed crowd, you know?
Real mixed.
Lots of dark folks, lots of white folks, lots of Jews, lots of goyam.
That's a mixed crowd for you.
No punjabi, though, I don't think.
What?
Punjabi.
You don't know what that means.
No.
People from India, there's a region in India called punjabi.
But I don't think you have to be from that region.
My Lebanese cab driver calls all the Indian guys punjabi.
The cab driver is limo drivers.
Punjabi.
And I still say that I want the concession for killing the bugs under the turbines.
Oh my God.
Spray that thing.
Okay, give it a little spritz.
Richard and Carl Springs says, just a short note to wish you the happiest of birthdays.
As a product of the 60s, having seen the worst what man can offer and the best of man can offer,
I can say from the bottom of my heart, I'm more proud today than American people than I have been in the 48 years of my life.
Today, finally, we can stay with hope and renew optimism that the Constitution works.
That is a living and breathing document, no matter how many times George Bush tries to wipe his ass with it.
No matter how hard they tried the neo-fascist,
something of his loneliness and followers.
Regime.
We're unable to completely destroy the very fabric from which it was written.
I congratulate the American people for finally rising above hatred, above being dumbed down,
and for selecting somebody who can bring the knee and change to the problems we face.
Happy birthday again, Neil May.
You may have many, many more in good health.
Richard and Carl Springs.
Thank you, Dick.
Boy, it is stuffy in here, man.
I've got to crack the window open again.
Don't let me forget.
Okay.
During the break.
Crack it.
So let's see, they ripped George an ass who was at the roller rink last night.
I just don't get it.
Which part?
Any of it.
What's that all about?
Rip it up or be it at the roller rink?
Being at the roller rink.
Rip it up, I understand.
Do you understand it, Fato?
I mean, he doesn't know.
I can see you and Charlie George.
What?
No.
I said he does it for the exercise and getting away from the wife, I think.
Oh, yeah, exercise.
That must be why he's in such good health all the time.
Exercise my ass.
Well, can you imagine how bad it would be if he wasn't skating?
Kidnappers in Mexico City killed a five-year-old boy by acid injection after discovering they were sought by police.
Four suspected kidnappers, including a woman in a 17-year-old boy who knew the victim was family, initially sought a $34,000 ransom after kidnapping the child October 26.
When they found out they were sought by the police, they decided to take the victim to a hill where they killed the men buried him.
He was killed with an injection of acid.
Isn't that lovely?
That's the Mexican F and a way, baby.
That's nice.
I'm not going there.
I don't care how many goofballs try to talk me into going there.
I'm not going to me, he co-out.
I'll take your word for it.
I can get wild diarrhea in many other ways.
Butter the bun.
How about butter?
I mean, butter in and of itself isn't for going, but butter like on...
on buns.
Right?
I like butter on buns.
You do?
Yeah.
You're telling me that Jews put butter on buns?
No, I can't speak for Jews, but I like butter on buns.
What do you mean you can't speak for Jews?
I can't speak for all Jews.
Are you laying out now?
All of a sudden you're...
I understand.
You hang around with Joe Bell so much.
You have to pretend to be a Goy.
Now, who did you tell me, oh, that's right, Adam Cooper-Cin.
How did that show go yesterday?
Did we get any spy reports?
I don't know.
Between 4 and 7, Mad Dog was non-yesterday and they had...
D.A. and Coup.
D.A. and Adam Cooper-Steen.
Must have gone over really well because I see he made the schedule again this weekend, tomorrow.
10 to 1, we got Curtis and Danny Cannell and 1 to 3 to 30, the Beast and Adam Cooper-Steen, the Beast and Coup.
Oh, this business put in the Beast on there.
That's right, it's before some stupid college football games.
Alabama, LSU and Calut, USC.
We got college football day on Saturday.
What's that all about?
Mmm.
I guess that's to replace the Keens game who plays on Thursday, right?
Yep.
I do well.
That's part of Joe Bell's Wall of Football.
Did he ever talk to you about the Wall of Football?
No.
Care down that wall, Mr. Bell.
Lesets says, Happy Birthday.
I hope you have a fantastic day.
I'm ecstatic about Obama's huge win, but a great day on our country's history, yaddy-addy-addy.
PSI was trying to listen to you on the radio while running errands this morning.
It's horrible.
You can't hear anything with all the static.
Listen to you on the internet.
The only option says Lesets.
How do you like that, Joe?
But instead of worrying about fat ass Jeff Heiss so much, maybe you ought to go out and pee on the tower or something.
Gosh.
I guess it's fuck to our Friday, you bastards.
I hope they are be helping you today.
Hey.
Would you please be having a bluesler, VG?
We are having a sale on camera.
R-A-G-G.
We have had about many flavors.
I'm afraid that is not decent.
Oh no.
R-A-G-G-G-A-V-A.
Okay, I tell you everything.
I skid maybe for all the time I think.
Hey.
Yes, it's true.
We've got women in bags.
It is only because they smell so bad ass.
You can name a girl for the actions of a girl, but we don't all stink.
We spit like a fool.
I can't excuse myself in the corner, I can't
She looks like beautiful in my face, can't
I can't
I can't
I can't
You're too excused, I'm ready to cheat
I can't cheat
I can't
I can't
I can't
I can't
I can't
I can't
I can't
I can't
16-till-noon at 5-60 WQM. Here's one from Michael and Boko who evidently, I don't know. What are you trying to say, Mike?
I have no life.
Hi Neil, I've always wondered how your home studio and Canada's set up. Do you have people working with you there? Are you by yourself?
Oh, I've got a staff of hundreds here, Mike. Just me.
Just me and my nice little studio. Nobody here to pock you around with the equipment to screw up all the settings to break stuff.
Just me.
Yeah. Yeah.
Captain Singh is back again. What a birthday present you got on Colliel and joy. This was after the election.
But a beat but a boop but a bob says I listen to Jimmy Cifalus, Manny, Mooney, who is while driving to the store this morning.
Can't believe how unbelievably stupid they are. Never again. Well, I make the mistake of turning on WIOD. Good going, Captain.
Finally, we'll be getting brand new president Obama OAT shirts this evening. Anyone can stop by.
Mindy's news at 209 71st Street corner collabs in 71st Miami Beach.
Our good friend Captain Singh looking for a little free plug there and he got it.
A little bit late perhaps but nevertheless better late than ever.
Nick says why do all your boardoffs speak the same style as George? Oh, this is from the fake Nick Lawrence.
Now, what does that mean? I don't know. I have no idea. Like monotone?
Like mumbling? I don't know what that means. Fake Nick Lawrence. Stupid Nick.
Well, I was good thing I got a whole pile here from a Wednesday. Hey, did you crack it? What are you talking about? The way you know? Yeah. Okay. I cracked it.
Oh, here's one happy birthday. You'll two days long time listening. You're still a D bag. Okay. Jerome. Thanks, Jerome.
I love the way you spell douche. D. U. S. C. A. G. All right. Ducci bag. Well, he knows we can say that on the air. Ducci bag.
Happy birthday, Neil says David. What could be better than a watching these evil S. O. B.s get their asses kicked by a terrorist.
Islamist socialist communist, pink or community organizer. I'm very proud to be an American today. Only two months and 15 days of this evil regime. Let's thank God.
Oh, count the minutes. The Bush cheney array. Jim. The evil doers. OFP and I'll receive. Okay. The pass along a billion dollars in cost.
I thought you'd be pleased to know that the state will allow F. L. to pass at least a billion dollars in cost to customers starting in January.
After a three day hearing the state P. S. C. yesterday post-bode decision on whether to also allow F. L. to charge customers for 220 million dollars in nuclear cost.
And part of its proposed seven billion dollars in fuel and purchase power costs. Well, no problem. You want a billion bucks? Here you go.
Anything for you folks, if Florida plunder and loot. Here's Larry says I listen to Jim Manage Tuesday. He spoke like a real person.
He said all I wanted is everyone to vote and support whoever wins. He also said he's proud of his son who voted Democrat.
Even though we preach being a Republican, he made up his own mind. I have a lot of respect for Jim, but Jimmy C. is a complete a whole Jimmy Cifilis.
Yeah. Jimmy Cifilis total a whole. I think it's only appropriate that he went to work for the enemy.
Even though we care the games, you know, the fish. It's only appropriate that he went to work over there.
Oh, Timothy says my wife is Jewish or sister in husband, my brother-in-law are here with me and they unanimously agree that beef stew is pot roast.
And they all had chicken pot pie for kids for whatever that's worth. So because it's in the store, that's all that does make it for Jews.
Chicken pot pie pot pies are incredibly for goyam. And where are pot pies really big? The Brits, right? I guess me.
I'm dumb. I'm a dumb ex-goyser. What do I know says, but I love that tongue. Depends on what you do with it. It says Tim B.
Okay, Tim. Pot pie. Oh God. You can smell the part of Jesus inside every pot pie. Do you know that?
Little piece of Jesus. 322 votes on the pool excluding pork and shellfish. What's the most goyashir food? WTF 64. What the? Yeah.
I don't know if that's a good idea, put that on the pool every day. It's just like I hate this pool. Same thing.
It's people that don't want to have an opinion or people too stupid to understand the question. Spam 45. Biscuits and gravy 44. String being casserole 30.
Pickled eggs 26. Fried chicken 25. Oh, no more chicken, please.
Catfish 16. Sloppy Joe's 15. Scrapple 13. Slim Jim's 12. I still don't buy that. I don't believe it.
I've eaten enough Slim Jim's to single battleship in my life. Beef stew 10. Chicken pot pie 8.
Say what? What? Little Cartman. Sing what? No, Genesis. My pot pie.
Grits 7. Bread pudding 5. Oh, I just farted so bad I want to pass out. As long as it was on the air. May 01 and cornbread 1. Oh, no God forbid that.
Jolly Joe is in touch with us today. He's keeping abreast of the Jeff high situation. The fat boy situation.
That's the kind of stuff he gets involved with stuff that gets us nowhere. Stuff that's a total waste of time.
Protest rallies in three separate legal challenges are currently underway in response to the passage in California of Proposition 8, which outlaws same sex marriage.
According to CNN's Kiran Chetry, it seems as though no matter what the outcome of the challenges, the 18,000 existing same sex marriages will remain intact because California's attorney general says that the constitutional amendment is not retroactive.
However, CNN legal analyst, Sonny Hausten, told chat read the laws really unclear here. Everybody's all over the place. Some lawyer said when you look at the language appropriate, it's very clear was meant to be retroactive.
Another law professor I spoke to said that is absolutely fundamentally ridiculous. The bottom line is this is a fundamental right that was given to couples. This is a right that is not going to be given away.
I think we're going to see a lot of litigation here, Hausten concluded everyone is in legal limbo. She suggested the California Supreme Court, which allowed these marriages in the first place will weigh in, but that the Constitutional, the appropriate may ultimately have to be decided by the US Supreme Court by those fascist bastards.
And why almost nobody talked about more Supreme Court justice during the election. I have no idea. That's all we need is one or two more auntons, Scalia's on there.
Oh my God and clearance token Thomas. It's all we need. You can kiss your ass goodbye.
Okay, let me go back to this pile of 50,000 from Wednesday. Oh, there's just hundreds of them here. Not good.
Even though it's Friday and it's a little anticlimactic. I got a few of the week. Yeah, that's right. Kidding coming in. Maybe I can read them until February.
And then of course March 1st is the anniversary show. So they don't care about that though.
Now what is this? Good morning, the live emailed you previously to finish my newly adopted home city of Philadelphia from one of your uneducated listeners. And I must say I had a flat in Chicago for business trip on Tuesday. Luckily I stayed at the Blake Hotel on South, something or other on South, Dearborn Street locked four blocks to Grand Park.
And yada yada yada yada. Thanks for all the laughs. And listening to you as one of the family traditions. Just two questions is Charlie, Chris, really a fairy and should Obama bomb the Saudis. Yes to both.
From Jesse.
There was more to it than that, but it was just unbelievably ponderous. If you think the part that I read was boring. Thanks Jesse.
Neil, a number of items on the pool fried chicken grits are African American food are black folks considered goyem. Of course, our black folks considered goyem. Goyem are any people who are not Jews. Okay.
Our black folks considered goyem. All but Sammy Davis, Jr. Just as Jesse Jackson when he goes to Heimytown, black folks are considered goyem.
There was Jesse sniffling and crying. He makes me want a caca grits. If you could imagine such a thing as a creamy version of corn muffin, but not as good. Kind of like Farina made from corn meal instead of wheat.
I don't know many Jews who eat fish and chips. Do you owe that's a good one. Get that on their fish and chips. I want my computer. He starts.
So candle lighting for Shabbos tonight is 443 in Toronto. It says, Oh, yeah, I'll be sure in the dovon tonight. I'm going to pray over my candles. My grandma every Friday night. She would like dovon or she'd like the candles and wave her hands around.
It's like people who do that to slot machine. Have you ever seen that? No. Thankfully. You've never seen that. They smear their hands over the glass. Oh, yeah. It's like kind of to like stop the thing rolling.
It's like putting a positive hex on the machine. Like playing with the spirits of the evil machine.
You never seen that? I don't know. And unfortunately, it's got like the big wheel on top. They'll get up and they're like wave there when they get a spin. The wave their hands around over the wheel. Like that's going to have your playing gets the computer. You're more on what is wrong with you?
Allah and Jesus and Yoskey and all and Moses. They're not going to influence where the damn thing stops. Okay.
That's like that one guy with a long index finger. I wonder where that thing's been.
And he does the same thing every time he plays every time. You know, there's three wheels and he'll like the wheels are spinning and he'll point at the first one, point at the second one, and then point to the third one. And they never match. They never ever match.
Maybe they know that his fingers been in somebody's back. They're probably his own too long. Why do I mean I realized people are superstitious. Like I heard my I have my favorite urinal at wood mine.
Now what if someone's in it when you go to you? Well, I mean if you got a pereal bag, you're certainly not going to hang around. If there's a bunch of other ones empty, how stupid is it looks to stand there? Wait till some guys finish taking a leak, you know.
No, I'm not that superstitious. But like the main tea room, the big one up well, I can't tell you where it is because you don't know the place. But anyway, there's like five, I think, five urinals.
Okay. And the one in the middle, you know, with two on each side, the one in the middle is my that's my superstitious one.
That if I get to pee in that one, I'm going to win. Of course, I peed in twice yesterday and still lost my ass. So maybe I just didn't pee on the right angle or something. Maybe you took it too many times.
Yeah, that's it. Take this.
This is pretty quick. I've got to rush, shape my balls. I listened to the Neil Rogers 12 to one hour.
Everyone who wants to suck has been getting quite a shock in the big financial world. Now the dream that might need to work.
It could almost make you sick. So let's start.
How they get away with this while all your investments, watch them do the washing up.
How low can it go?
This economy's the truth. Everybody's going broke and get credit for alone. I think I will lose my home.
And it really makes me sick. There's no quick or easy fix. Everyone who wants to suck should be voting for Barack.
Barack Obama now. Barack Obama now. Now go to the polls.
You fail.
Number one at five sixty W. A. M. Happy Friday to you. Let's see. Nothing in the view right now. Now looking express.
Good thing I still have six thousand left over from our Wednesday.
I think the song you're looking for is everybody hurts by R. E. M. Everybody hurts. Sometimes everybody cries.
Remember I was talking about every day. You have to cry. So by Steve Alimel. Yes.
Not everybody hurts. Not R. E. M. Not the long time Haitian was listening on the web from.
Dracula Georgia. D. A. C. U. L. A. or is that the cooler?
Or Dracula? Not of it. I didn't either. Dracula. Joja.
L. A. C. U. L. A. C. U. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L. A. L
L. A.
A. A. A.
person is in the minority. Gordon Lidian, America, right radio sounds like there's been a
trea worldwide tragedy. Long time list, you're Matt from Michigan. Thanks, Matt. See
at Jackson, Harness Raceway next summertime. Boy, they sure run a limited meet there. Brad
Kramer won four races at the Northfield downs last night. I care about that. No. Hit him
again, Brad. Beat the crap out of him. Boy, there was an interesting thing on biography
on Northern Dancer. I'm the first time I ever saw on the biography channel, the life story
of a horse, the greatest Canadian racehorse of all time, Northern Dancer. And they showed,
I mean, why did they do this? They showed him mounting the mirror. You know, when he
was breeding, do you want to see a horse is mounting each other? No, I change the channel
so fast. I don't know how long that went on, but I don't want to see that. And because
he was such a little horse, they said they had a they had a cut a hole in the wall in
the stall and put the mirror on the other side so he could like reach. You know what I'm
saying? Yeah. I mean, these are things that we know go on, you know, like in the animal
kingdom and sometimes in the subhuman kingdom, but we don't want to see it. At least I
sure don't. God. Happy birthday, Neil from Brett. Your big gay firefighter fan. It says
we might not have beat amendment two, at least we got Obama. Maybe someday people will
stop voting based on their religious views and start voting for what's right. My big
gay firefighter fan, Brett, thanks Brett. Tracy said, you are the best. I voted yesterday
in Orleans, parish, which went for Obama 79%. That was of course totally something by the
right when conservative vote in the rest of the state. I don't know what that means.
And there's a ton of super racist comments on the local news stations website and these
idiots reelected dollar bill Jefferson. Who will soon be indicted on his many and very
counts of ethics violations from Louisiana, third world and proud of it. Thanks, Tracy.
And get the hell out of there while they're getting this still good. The old conger says,
happy birthday. You love the show. You're almost as old as me. I hope you're enjoying the
brief honeymoon after Obama's huge win. It won't be long before the right wing lunatic
fringe comes out in full force once again. And now that Obama's won, are you going to take
it a little bit easier on Rachel Maddow? No, I'm not. What does it got to do with whether
he won or lost? Despite what you say, she kicks ass and there's nothing at all like
Randy.
God. Then again, why should you change now? Maybe the Democrats will have the FCC get off
to his ass and she'll let you put those fart sounds again. I can only hope. That's what
it's all about. The fart sounds, caudure, right? Now it's still up 185. And we
got 358 votes on your pool. I think we can do, I don't know, 450. Now, 400. I say for
a 10, 450, for what? Four, four, 10. I'll go for 420. Will you shut up? Will you punch
him in the head? Flea? Jesus God. You hear the sirens are coming to get you now. Wow,
I got the window cracked. John says, listening online from Castro Valley, California,
New San Francisco, I live 13 years in Palm Beach Gardens, caught your show all the time,
have a great birthday. Thank you, John. It's two days after the birthday. We're still
doing birthday stuff because there's nothing coming in today now. Once they got all the
heat out of the way. Oh, wait a minute. Here's a couple. Oh, here's Shirley Yon again.
Jesse was the one who likes Philly and was offended when I said it's a toilet waiting to
be flushed. I lived in center city south Philly and overbrook, which is on the western
edge by county line road. Since I've left all of the little neighborhood stores have closed
because the owners were held up at gunpoint. A pharmacist was killed and an old lady was
mugged walking the church. Used to be a good neighborhood, Jesse. It's all yours and
joy. It's a Shirley, Shirley's pissed off and fired off about Philadelphia. Neal, the
email said how he or she loved you and George's interaction for his Schmidt in between Sonny
Al's Beach is a turd. Also, I'm Welsh and never heard of pot pies until I moved here.
Love you, Betcha, whatever that means from Neal. Schmidt in between. Oh, that's the guy that
sent us that Schmidt in between. And that made as much sense as whatever that thing as I
just read. Pretty sad. Maybe we could pretend that I'm having another birthday like tomorrow.
How about all that happy birthday again Neal? Oh, this is wonderful. Greg says we may not
yet have seen the last of Sarah Pailin on the national stage. It appears that Senator
Stevens will be reelected despite his recent conviction. I wonder if they were finished
counting down votes in Alaska and they're going to run off in Georgia whether they're
going to have it or not. Do we know? And whether they finished up with Missouri. Did you
see? They finally finished with North Carolina. Yeah, I know. Well, Bob, I wonder we
headed on the show yesterday. Schmuck. Shocker. Oh, yeah, I was out for a while. You know,
I had forgotten that until you had to bring it up again. Sorry. I didn't important meeting.
Yeah, important meeting my ass. You already told us everybody just clowns around it. Just
a waste of time. Just excuse to sit around act like morons. Yes.
Anyway, it goes on about Sarah me. Do this. Well, we don't care. Tell with her. Bitch.
Pete from Bokas is happy birthday. Neal, don't know if last night's results were the
best gift for your birthday. It sure was for many of us who had pretty much given up on our
democratic process. Today for the first time in a long time, I really feel our system has
half a chance. It was good to see so many. Something faces with hope in their eyes again.
So many something faces. Oh, different faces. Well, Bob, I may not be able to fix all the problems
of our country faces, but on his first appearance as president, Lexi's already done more than any
other president's changed the way the old system operates. Bob's first speech was better than any
other speech W gave in his entire terms. I'll say one thing for McCain is concession speech was
humble and gracious. The crowd, however, was less than gracious. Every time you mentioned
a bomb is named the crowd, bud and jeered. What do you expect when they're calling them?
Communist terrorists, you know, they're egging them all on during the campaign. And then when
the election is over, oh, I don't understand whether booing and getting all psychotic.
Conning is terrorist, socialist, evil to her. This is a great day for our country and the world
we're about to embark on a journey that promises to change history. This is really a great time to
be an American against his Pete. There's only one thing I'm sure you will not enjoy about Obama's
German office. That'll be the lack of material that will offer your radio show. Once again, happy
birthday. Sixty more years, please. Oh, yeah. Sixty more days, please. That's what I'm shooting for. Sixty more days.
This is my advice to all you young whippersnappers. Don't ever get old. I'll just say don't get married.
No, I mean, that's that's, you know, that's George's deal. Because he hates his wife like poison.
He's got a horrible marriage and he goes roller skater. Everybody's trying to like, you know,
cruise it with your cruising for quim. You hear that? You hear that noise that he makes?
Like he's gagging on a piece of beef stew. I wish I had something to that meat. Chew it.
Don't beat swallowing chunks. Tell, believe it. I'll miss him when George comes back. I like how he interacts with you.
Says first key. First key. Who's probably like a kind of a machy pippish.
Why the, you bastard.
Start bombing Baghdad. Do it every day.
I want to watch it on TV. I rack, I rack.
We've not closed. It should take a day. Let us just put an end to it. I rack, I rack.
I want to wake up and see their cities don't exist. Put in thin air and tell that side of the scene.
We're really pissed. You're under my skin. That little piece of sh**.
They get away. I'll get them off to make a hit from all new York.
So dumb has got to go of that now. We all know it's time to bomb. I rack, I rack.
I rack, I rack. I want to wake up and see their cities don't want to fit a blow.
And say that when number one, tough of a hit, we can't be big.
Again we have one. Start bombing I rack.
I rack.
Why not start to save you.
Let's make a parking lot of this.
Taddles I rack.
And when all the boards are there, I'll do a show with that sh**.
And say goodbye. I rack, I rack.
I rack.
Taddles.
From 18 to 560 WQAM, what do we got it to a clock? We got what's all it?
Where you stepped on the old Schmidt Meister S.I.B.
Oh, here's one about Rachel Maddow. It says if I were to have intimate relations with Rachel Maddow,
would that be considered a gay experience as a mic?
But we considered a gross experience, I think. But what do I know? And what do I care?
377 votes on fact, Chris is told now, what were you saying?
What were you babbling before when I was trying to talk?
I'll remember.
The Dow's up 148 points.
Allowicious McGillicutty.
I can't believe I could say that. Can you? Allowicious McGillicutty.
I wish you could see the way it spelled.
I've got nothing to say, but I didn't want to face a potential backlash for not emailing you to wish you a happy birthday.
So happy birthday, many happy returns.
Sure.
Joe says, what a birthday present.
A new president that can move people with his words and pronounce them correctly.
I just turned 66 in September. It says, still have all my sentences, senses unlike George Bush.
Glad to see the third generation Cubans voted democratic.
Oh, there's a facts coming in must be from you guys.
Nope. It's not?
Not anything.
Don't tell me it's another ad facts.
What a sirens are going wild here. Fire truck. Wow.
Voice mail marketing.
Woo from voice logic in Toronto. Thank you so much, but no thanks.
Dow's up 144. It's been like in a, you know, trading in that. What do they call it in a range in a trading range?
Between 120 and 180 140, 200 in a range.
Happy birthday, old man says, Andre's Uncle Neil, how does it feel to be 66?
I turned 29 yesterday. Don't do it. Don't get don't get old.
I've been listening for a couple of years now.
My uncle Charlie's been listening for over 15 years.
I met you a long time ago when you were on W.I.O.D.
You were Joe Robbie Stadium was Dolphin, Fanday.
I got your autograph and you were standing there with the brain stem Don Shula.
Danny Boy was there too. No, I was I was never there with the brain stem or Danny Boy.
You had a huge cigar in your mouth puffing away with your hair combed at the side.
I still got that pick. Now I listen to Neil got every day online in my computer and in the truck.
Keep it coming. You're the best in the market. You feel it. Goal, Bommel. We did it.
It was historical. P.S. if you win it would buy and run like a son of a bitch.
Yeah. I don't think it's going to happen again anytime soon.
I think I had my lucky streak. You know what I mean?
Mmm hmm.
David says happy birthday from Colorado Springs.
I've been listening since 1984 and so happy to still be able to listen on the Internet.
Thank you David.
Boy, thank God I got about 6,000 of these.
Boy because it's really slim and grim what's going on there today.
That's because flea is back with us.
Killing it. They hate you.
Oh, here's one happy belated 66.
Al I heard this morning on the day show that bullies have different brains and others.
Apparently they are wired to get pleasure when they see suffering.
You think Republicans have a similar brainwiring problem?
I don't want to absolve them of responsibility for the suffering they've caused.
Maybe they can't help it.
It makes them feel too damn good.
Your lawyer listener and now chronic email or doctor. Al.
Well, that's doctor. Al who said yesterday.
I have no life.
Thanks doctor. Al.
379 on the pool.
Excluding pork and shellfish.
What is the most popular?
Goi is your food WTF 71 biscuits and gravy 52 spam 47 string being casserole 35 pickle
X 30 fried chicken 29 catfish 21 sloppy Joe 17 scrap all 16 slim gym 16.
Grits 12 or the thought of eating grits gives me the.
S. I. B.
Chicken pot pie 11 beef stew 10 bread pudding 5 may 0 4 fish and chips 2 and cornbread
still only has one.
I don't know about cornbread.
Well, it's a southern thing.
Right?
Yeah, pretty much.
Yeah.
Cornbread's pretty good.
Cornbread's great.
Speaking of something really good with butter on it.
Yeah.
Mm.
Pamela says I've listened you for years dating back to the old days when Steve came in Alice
ran tell Ron here here wish you many more birthdays.
I think I read that one yesterday.
That's okay.
In fact, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go to the trash and take out all the ones
from last two days and read those over again.
Because there's very little slim speaking of slim gym slim and none coming in today slim
and grim.
Justances how the hell can Ted Stevens win in Alaska.
The guy was convicted of a crime a felony in the last and still wins in that backward
state.
One of those idiots thinking.
I guess I shouldn't be shocked.
They did vote for Sarah and a little baby.
You don't forget that little baby.
The little baby they tossed around like a football.
Let me say it again in case you missed the beginning of the show.
Brady Quinn looked as hot as a hot tamale last night.
My God.
Play the Dan Good game too, but the Browns have no defense and they lost to a girls team
Denver and a girls quarterback, Jay Cutler, who looks like an ugly little kid.
Doesn't he?
Yes.
He's strange, really strange.
Pete and Kendall says I'm so happy to admit I was wrong when I wrote a couple of months
ago, predicting America and its racist underbelly would rise in the Fido Bama.
That was before the economy tank.
However, I still think Grams McCain would have prevailed otherwise.
Nevertheless, the pain and suffering are over soon.
We can always good ridden to George Bush.
His legacy has been the worst, the most in it, president, modern history and a former
LA prosecutor Vincent Bellosi had his way, which conceivably could be prosecuted for
murder, which would be far better punishment than impeachment ever would have been.
Amen, Pete and Kendall.
Fry his ass.
Amen, Dick Teenie put them both on death row along with the Rumsfeld, Rummy Rumsfeld.
Jay says from a chronic from way back when have a great birthday.
These are from a Wednesday and here it's Friday.
I'm still getting caught up.
See when I met when I said, thank God for all those four.
And of course, we already tried the phones today and.
The only one that will blame me on that.
Yeah, that's my fault.
Yeah, that was your idea too.
Oh, let's take a few calls.
Hi, Ron.
Hi, Ron.
That was what started and it got much worse from there.
Hi, Ron.
And two days after my 66th birthday, I certainly want to thank Jolly Jo Bell for doing
everything in his power to destroy everybody's life, including mine.
Laurie and Baltimore says I'm glad the American electorate gave you and all of us the best
birthday present ever.
Maybe now there's a glimmer for hope of the future.
And I can't get over how Obama won Florida.
I feel like Al Gore, the real presence finally been avenged.
No more McCain, no more caribou Barbie and a couple months, no more Bush.
I hope this is the best birthday you ever had.
I wish you many more.
Thank you for many years of keeping me sane and happy for four hours every day.
So Laurie and Baltimore.
Thanks, Laurie.
Kathy says it was a great night for Obama, but it was just dressing to see that a homophobia
is alive and well.
I hope the fact that my husband is black gives me permission to say I think it was a
case of too many ignorant Negroes who went to the polls to vote for Obama.
How do you like that ignorant Negroes?
I was standing in front of an old black fart who after reading a man,
the two said, well, that's what the Bible says.
And of course, that's true.
I would have confronted him if I could have done so without embarrassing my son.
It would be nice if we could teach black folks that discrimination against gaze is still
discrimination.
You don't have to read this email.
Needle is kind of depressing.
And I'm actually ecstatic that so many states turned blue this time.
I love you more than I can tell you.
But no puppy for you, Neil says Kathy.
What does that mean?
No puppy.
No idea.
Oh, that's right.
There's going to be a puppy in the White House.
And do you remember that was in his speech?
For the kids, there's going to be a puppy waiting for the kids in the White House.
Oh, yeah.
You didn't think that was like touching?
You are so cold and just a sports reader.
Holy mackerel.
This is Joe Boyle on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the
Hockey of Bernie Neil God.
Look involved in the sweaty.
Look at my sweaty eyes.
You dress sweaty.
Every hour on the Edoabab.
Take a bath.
Now the sunshine cups my head.
I'm hot.
My eyes are filling with boring sweat.
Where are you hot?
This is where I burn up.
Swingble.
I think there was a man should shut up.
Shut up, that boy.
Because if the seed was ever endowed.
It's unholy hot.
It's going to know it when the AC is out.
Sweat.
I do anything that just feels cool.
I don't think it is fine being cool.
Ordinarily I'd ask real nice things.
Right now I kill the penguin for his eyes.
I wonder if I should take.
That is hot.
Now the shower on the morning break.
She's hot.
I better not cause I sweat again.
Unbearably hot.
This is not a dress spot on my skin.
Oh, oh, oh.
I'm not dry.
Every part of me is dripping like a sick heart.
My ass is steaming hot.
Better than I think hot, cold.
It's hard to take it.
I am baking too tight.
Too tight.
Part of me is sweating like a sick heart.
My ass is steaming hot.
Better than I think hot, cold.
From now on, thinking I'm still baking.
Too tight.
Too tight.
Welcome.
Speak truthy not for naked bodies.
From 32 to 560, nobody come.
We didn't get one spy report about yesterday's DA and Coupe show.
Mad dogs back today, by the way.
Thank God, 4 to 7.
But yesterday we had DA and Coupe.
Well, how come we were not getting any feedback?
Any feedback?
Always listening.
And why would you say something like that?
You know, I don't understand how Joe Bell tolerates you.
I know.
He gives good massage as probably.
Sounds like jealousy to me, fatso.
Not at all.
In other words, he's encroaching on your territory.
Not at all.
I don't want to see what your territory might be.
Brackum.
You were in the fat, Johnny Joe, but not at all.
Steven Jersey said, Mr. Yesterday's show, not sure if anyone commented on Obama's win,
being a great blow for breaking the race barrier.
But a pretty shmitty result for those who simply wanted to spend their lives with someone of their own sex,
especially from blacks in California voting overwhelmingly to Van Stamsex marriages.
It may be a new day, but not a good one for all.
Nice job by Chris and Flea in the QM studio, Miami this week.
Any pictures of George at the rink?
Oh, yeah.
Good.
God, Steve.
Please get a life.
I have no life.
I think you need to keep the WTF on the polls.
It's the list of his feedback on the poll question and should be kept.
Keep up the great stuff, says Steven Joysy.
Thanks, Steve.
No pictures of George at the roller rink.
Great job by Chris and Flea in the studio this week.
Wow.
Believe that?
No.
Yes, you're known.
Of course.
Well, you do.
Yeah, we were great.
You want to finish the show?
No.
When you said you were great.
No, as doing 388 rhymes with great, that's what we got on our poll.
Cornbread's still only got one.
Fish and chips has got a couple.
Fish and chips.
See, that's British crap again.
Yep.
Oh, the brits with those nasty, nasty crooked teeth and horrible food.
Stained teeth from all that chain smoking.
And of course, in Europe, they smoke those real heavy duty faggots loaded with like extra nicotine in order to make sure that your teeth are like almost black.
Oh, God.
George and Daytona said, take a look at the electoral map.
Notice how you can get from one red state to all the others without passing through blue.
They're all connected except for, of course, pale and asuka.
United?
Hardly.
We're five countries, four of which have diplomatic relations.
And may pale in 15 minutes be up.
Amen to that.
You're rid of that bitch already.
Trailer trash.
Oh, I thought Africa was a country.
I...
Dumber than saw dust.
And you know, people ought to be just screaming about that.
That was shocking.
Was it really? I mean, we knew...in other words, we knew she was a moron and really stupid.
But how could anybody be quite that stupid?
I don't know what the vice president does to be honest with you.
Here's one from Joe. Happy birthday to you. I watched the end and mostly last night.
But decided to watch Fox, leading up to Obama's speech.
It looked depressed as if the Reagan era just ended and all voter suppression failed.
JFK did say that in about 40 years he believed we'd have a black president.
Not only is Barack black, but he'll be a real president who won't continue to read my pet goat
when his nation's under attack.
Obama will stand up to his foes with a strong diplomacy rather than he'd contempt.
His success reflects on how disastrous this Bush era has been.
And the prestige we once had during the Kennedy and Clinton years again are going to be restored.
I can now pull my American flag from the attic and put it to good use for the first time in eight years.
The flag will once again stand for our America and not just for the corrupt and flat-ruth mindsets as Joe,
who's pissed off and fired up.
Good riddance to W's administration and that's rotten to the core.
Hopefully, Pailin hits the wall real soon.
Yeah, let's throw her against the wall.
What do you say?
Sure.
Now is up 132, by the way.
Rasted, did you see how Palm Beach County did their best yesterday?
Oh, listen, it's all over.
This was sent on Wednesday day after election day.
What's the matter with those idiots in Palm Beach County?
Obama won Palm Beach County, County very handily.
It was not a big problem.
I'm a quick, some of these people, it's like neurotic repetition.
They just want to continue doing the same thing over and over.
I was wrong with them up there.
What's wrong with those people?
They're so stupid.
Yeah.
Cut the crap, radio elections over.
Ed says, long time listener from Orlando.
Remember Orlando?
Oh my God.
You don't remember Orlando.
They're God.
That's him.
And this is also him.
Thanks for all the last tips.
I love the loft.
You are the best.
This is Ed.
He loves the loft.
It's good food.
How come ponytail didn't call into wish me happy birthday on Wednesday or send me a thing?
And when's Wayne Arnold's going to be reopening pretty soon?
I would think the Joe Bell's package ever show up?
No, I keep checking it mailbox, but his package didn't show up.
He never say anything about a package.
And by the way, don't start talking about Joe Bell's package because Chris look at Chris
get really jealous.
Not at all.
Very much.
Not at all.
Now are you guys going to help me with this chopping off on these damn emails on the right?
Everyone I get is chopped off on the right margins.
When you print it out?
Yeah.
I mean, I know George is trying to help you and I don't know what else to offer.
Oh, when you stop, that's why I'm asking you, George, you know, he's got this whole thing about how you have to
transfer it over to something else and then you know, I have to transfer to like word or something.
Right.
I don't have time to do that when you got 80 million emails like we had on Wednesday.
Who's got time to do that?
He is such a knucklehead.
And the reason he does that is because he does know the answer.
Maybe somebody the audience knows the answer.
Every time I print out your emails from Outlooker Express, the order two in the right hand margin gets chopped off.
And I got the margins.
I've been through that setting the margins thing a million times.
I've got them said is, why does they'll go?
Yeah, I thought I know what else.
What about you, Flee?
You're not a computer, Maven.
No, I have no idea.
What about that moron, Josh Cordis?
I haven't seen him today.
Good.
He's probably across the street playing, playing pocket jockey with the Stugots.
Oh, no, that's Clarence of Place pocket jockey with Stugots.
They put their hands in each other's pants.
Now, let's see.
This one is, and the reason I said that is because this one is freshly is, it says,
this is you probably guessed I'm ecstatic from somebody, Annie.
There will be a brain in the White House after eight years of a president who not only could not have a sentence
that contained the non-agjective and verb, but was also breaking so many constitutional laws.
Critical thinking is back.
Women's rights, the Supreme Court will be protected from religious zealots,
who have been on controlling both.
A preemptive war, millions of people with no health insurance, no environmental policy.
I could go on and on, but don't do it, Annie.
The election's over.
The evangelicals were satisfied for a while.
That's all that matter.
Oh, yeah, those good, religious, kill a bunch of people.
That's what they, throughout history, that's what the area of expertise lies.
Killin' people.
Killin' and maimin' and chuten and huntin'.
The red states of narrow, there's not one I would visit all expenses paid.
Bye-bye, Sarah.
Off to Alaska with you.
And take the dude, Joe the plumber with you.
And Tito the construction worker.
And please take Jew Librim with you, too.
Now, I never saw any, I think, any follow-up on what happened with Jew Librim yesterday, did you?
No.
Whether they are...
I think they were gonna discuss it today.
What are the instructions for it?
Well, they're in his bagel.
Wouldn't that be great?
Maybe he had one of those cross-samwages with bacon and cheese from Burger King.
Those are good, by the way.
Do you ever have those?
No.
You never had breakfast cross-samwage from B.K.?
Yes.
Well, fact, you know, if they've ever made it,
to eat, you've had it.
No.
Yes.
I bet you've had breakfast paritos.
No.
Neither of us.
I have.
And?
At Wattaburger.
They were good.
Wattaburger?
Yeah.
Hey, Neil, has there been any comment besides from any other listeners about the documentary of the Iraq occupation?
No.
Oh, this is from Ramondo, who keeps wanting me to watch that thing, which I have no idea where to find it.
Good luck here, Ramondo.
No, nobody saw it.
Nobody knows what you're talking about.
Here is one from Tom.
I always felt that a country could abolish slavery.
He had people of color and women equal rights, would eventually have a black man or woman in
high political office.
I never thought my wildest dreams I'd one day donate to a black candidate, and he'd be elected
to office a president.
Without realizing it, I had my finger on the pulse of the nation.
He had his finger on it.
I bet.
Here's hoping we're fortunate enough to see and bring back some of the ideals and aspirations
that the founding fathers intended for all of us.
Yeah, like slavery.
We've witnessed a great moment in American history, and I'm so proud that I was able to keep
the faith and play a small part in making it happen.
Happy birthday, Tom.
Thank you, Tom.
Go get him, baby.
With liberty and justice for all, except you faggot's, of course.
How about Bernie Fag?
I cleared it.
What?
Yeah, cleared it.
The sports leader.
Grab my junior, honey.
Nice going, clearance.
You simple, pitiful man.
You push him.
Kind of a fag.
It's something they can't seem too high.
You're fair, right?
Kind of a fag.
They can't admit that they like guys.
No, no, no.
Save the richer people and tell me, cruise out.
I've had many days in children.
I gave them another reason.
There's always always a way out.
They say, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Just silly, silly.
And I'll always be.
So gay.
So gay.
Kind of a fag.
What Michael Jackson likes to do.
Kind of a fag.
Who's he kidding?
Is it you?
Do, do, do, do.
I'm not a proper panel.
I wouldn't want it to be.
I'm always well and don't forget.
I'm always the girl.
That's him.
He's always.
They're okay.
They're okay.
Club 47, 13 to 1 at QAM.
Now anyway, here's some helpful hint from the set, but unfortunately it doesn't work.
She says, honey, I'm pretty sure what you need to do is hit the reply button.
Then print the email out.
The only problem is when you hit, it does, you hit the reply button and you can get the whole email.
Takes up the whole page, but then when you go to file to print it out,
print is no longer available.
Oh, so how do I print that?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
You don't have the printer icon on your toolbar.
No.
I guess your SID.
What?
Yeah, SID, my ass.
No, I have to click file and print.
And when I click file now that I got to be plighting on there,
it won't, the print is like, you know, it's not highlighted.
You can't click on it.
You can't select it.
You follow what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
So how do I print this?
I'm sure it's going to work.
Now wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Maybe up on top here, there's a funky little toolbar.
That was funky, I said.
I think I said that.
I don't know.
Increase indentation.
What does that mean?
I have no idea.
Increase indentation.
Formatting Warren Buffett and Jimmy Buffett Center, Align Right.
Yadi, yadi, yadi.
But where's one that's going to say print, insert picture?
Oh, this is disturbing, the set.
Maybe she'll send me an email and tell me how to do it.
Because she obviously knows how to do it.
There's no way available where you can print this.
Are you following what I'm telling you?
Yeah, no.
Well, I'll be damned.
Here's one happy, related birthday to the most entertaining man in radio.
You can't believe Norm, I ignored you, his meal ticket.
Yeah, he's still at this point.
It's never acknowledged that it was my birthday or that anything went on here.
Speaking of the Berger Wars, the AOL poll raved about the mushroom and Swiss steak Berger at Berger King.
Keep plunging your guts out, sis Phil.
And you guys told me that it's, didn't know one of you, somebody told me not good.
I think somebody factored that.
Wasn't that what was on us.
Said the mushroom Swiss was real chazarai.
Well, I'm still waiting, Lizette.
I'm waiting on you.
In fact, even I'm looking at her email that I printed out.
And on the right, it says print the email and the part of the word out is chopped off.
And read the full email.
The LL has chopped off a full.
I thought what I'm saying, I mean, all your computer experts out there, come on.
Let's give the old man a helping hand here.
I do pretty good for a 66 year old fart with all this new fangled crap.
And I think as some of these people are just huge to come to the 18th century already.
Yeah.
Oh, that's, I'm just not into computers.
It's too difficult for me.
It's not all that difficult, okay.
But there are some things that just are frustrating.
They don't work.
And then Georgia courses got this incredible knock of giving me instructions of how to do it
with some convoluted way that takes like 20 minutes for each email.
That would have been really good on Wednesday.
Today it might be okay because there aren't that many.
X-dom writes whatever happened to the weather furry.
But I should I say furries, including Bill Kamal, who must be in Homo, Heaven, with all those manly men 24-7.
Now, I think they're probably too old for him up there.
Where is he? Is he in Rafford?
He's somewhere.
He's on the inside.
Who is more furry-ish, our limperasted governor, or Ms. Norcross?
Believe it, happy birthday.
Love you.
Listen every day in Needle Life says X-dom about furries.
I have no life.
Ferrys.
That Brady Quinn sure looked good last night.
My God, is he a beautiful man.
I hate to say that because it sounds a little bit gay.
You know, just a little bit.
Even Flea agreed with that.
He said he is hotter than a damn stove top.
Never have stove top stuffing?
Of course.
I mean, it's okay.
407 votes on Fact Chris' poll.
I think you can make 450.
What's wrong with you?
What's the matter from you?
You can do it.
I think we can do it also.
That's what Joe Bell said.
Keep pumping Chris.
You can do it.
Now, I never heard back from Leset.
Okay?
That's very dist-
I never heard from anybody about that.
Nobody knows.
Nobody knows the trouble I've seen with my chopped-off emails.
Now, the interesting part of that is that now when I go to stories and print them out,
the right-hand margin doesn't strap off.
Let me just try one, okay?
Miami-heroed Hurricane Paloma grows as it years came in.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
I don't know what it is.
Wow.
Now, now here comes up this whole box.
How do you do it?
Print?
Do I press just okay?
Uh-oh.
Maybe this is going to print out.
Done, done, done.
Yeah, look at this.
I printed out that story about Paloma and Cuba and blah, blah, blah.
And it printed the whole thing out with no chopped-offs on the right-hand margin.
Now, the only problem with this, Leset, is I did what you said.
Oh, a font.
It says it doesn't say print.
It says font.
That's what I hit.
Oh, you hit, huh?
I said, oh.
Yeah.
What is she talking about?
Let me go back and read her message again.
When you hit reply, then right-click and your print feature should come up.
Try it.
Okay?
Right-click on what?
Just on the page itself.
I need to know itself.
Select all font, paragraph, increase indent or decrease indent.
There's nothing there, and even cut-copy and paste aren't highlighted, but there's no print on there.
There's not a selection to print.
Leset.
Damn it.
But she's trying, anyway, she's the only one that's trying for me.
Oh, wait a minute.
Now all of a sudden, print came up.
What the hell was that all about?
No, seriously, what the hell was that all about?
And it's not printing.
That's the best part.
Oh, it is.
But I'm back on my regular Outlooker's press page.
I know this is captivating radio.
Those of you who don't like it, Yamamo.
Okay, this is important crap.
This is heavy-duty crap.
Now let's see.
Now your print feature should come up.
P-R-I-N and the T is blocked off.
Keep trying for me, Leset.
Keep the emails coming.
We can kill the last hour with this stuff.
And I do mean kill it.
We have to be engineered out there to figure it out.
What?
They left out the engineer to my finger.
What the hell did they know about it?
What engineer?
What's the Toronto engineer?
I'm not going to have him come in here just to do something like this.
Are you a crazy person or what?
Is if we don't know the answer.
I'm sure he loves you.
412 votes.
He loves me, but not enough to come in here for free.
And they sure aren't going to pay him to come and do something minor
little adjustment like that.
The thousand up 168 points.
Everything is looking beautiful.
A sun is shining here.
It's just a wonderful day.
Castron always sticking his finger out the window.
It's the one to do our...
It's the one to do our...
One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction.
And while others find it funny,
for those who have it, it's no laughing matter.
It's called frequent burping syndrome.
It's terrible.
I'll be on a date or a business meeting.
And...
And...
Excuse me.
See? See what happens?
Frequent burping syndrome.
It can ruin your life.
But it doesn't have to.
Now there's a clinic that can help.
Trained specialists.
Sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers.
A special place known as...
Burp Inders.
Gosh.
Burp Inders saved my life.
Joanne and I were in love.
I really wanted to ask her to marry me.
But I just knew that when the moment of truth came,
I'd let out with a big ripper.
You know?
Burp Inders.
No shame.
No guilt.
No more tummy rumbling smelly belches.
No more stopping in mid-sittance
to uncorke a big cheesy blaster.
Just carrying professionals.
And to help you need.
Don't wait.
Here's the number to call.
555-2877-555-3.
Burp Inders.
Call today.
And stop being so gross.
Okay, it's 101.
Very disappointing, man.
Just unbelievably disappointing.
Do you think I have any emails with instructions about how to get my printing the email problems?
A solve?
No.
Do you think I have even one?
No.
I've got...
Oh!
That was up 203, though.
I knew it was a buying opportunity.
So I got nothing.
Even a set is a stump, I guess.
It just makes no sense to me.
You can't print it out.
You can see it, but you can't print it out, let's set.
Curts as I was watching MSNBC last night when I was clear that an Obama victory was in the bag,
they had time to lay on to give his opinion.
There's only one thing I have to say about that.
Why?
Why do they keep bringing that scumball on the ear?
He proceeded to spew his normal venom, and I thought to myself,
how the hell is this guy still walking the effing streets?
When does this slime ball go on trial?
He was in debt of three years ago for Christ's sake.
In the meantime, they give him air time.
Un-un-believeable.
Also, I flipped over to Foxy, looked like a wake,
Brett Hume Karl roved the rest of the Nazis, where dumbfounded.
To their credit, they called Ohio for Obama earlier than MSNBC.
So, I was seeing the deal for Obama.
They sealed the deal.
Uncle Neil, what a wonderful day.
Your birthday and election of the next wave president of the US.
Mazel, top of the wassauce at Holly.
These are all from Wednesday, from my birthday.
Oh, he's reading emails that are two days old.
Well, number one, there aren't any more from today.
And number two, they aren't giving me any helping land or hand about that technical problem.
Nothing.
Here's one.
A new humor book, already out, a hundred blank pages, Sarah Palin,
wisdom, a Sarah Palin.
Ah, that's the kind of crap I get from all these people who think that they're very funny.
These amateur comedians.
Delete immediately, if not sooner.
Delete, delete, delete.
Attachments, links, delete, delete, delete.
Douglass says, I'm very proud of my home state virginia.
We finally came through.
We also replaced that ancient John Warner.
Now, both are senators and Democrats.
We need to work on Florida next time and get rid of Bushlic from our team.
And at Mel Martinez, communist, they're communist, he's an idiot.
I got a little bit of an idiot.
Idiota.
Alegna.
Alegna.
Alegna.
ALEGNA.
I guess that's alegna, huh?
You wouldn't say alegna.
No.
Alegna?
So, it's happy birthday.
It's the beginning of a new year for you and a new era for our country.
Big houses and kisses.
Take you to Alegna.
Alegna.
What is wrong with you?
God, sometimes I act so goyishry, you know?
Speaking of that, how's the pool coming on the Jew food?
Forty-three.
Forty-three?
I have, I got it.
Oh.
You're way behind, flee.
You're way behind us because you hang around with Jolly Joe so much.
Way behind us.
Enough to stun anybody's growth.
That's why flee sounds like a magic.
That was up 187.
Excluding pork and shellfish, what's the most goyishya food?
WTF-79.
That means they don't understand the question.
Fiscuits in gravy 60, spam 50, string-bean casserole 35, fried chicken 33, pickled eggs 33,
oh, God.
They still have those in some of the convenience stores where you go in and there's that like
a big jar of ambionic fluid in those pickled eggs aren't it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
Nasty.
Fried chicken 33, pickled eggs 33, catfish 22, sloppy Joe's 19, Scrapple 17, Slim Jim 17.
I totally disagree.
A lot of us good Jews love Slim Jim.
Grit 16, chicken pot pie 15, beef stew 13, mayo six, bread pudding five, fish and chips
three, cornbread two.
Cornbreads got up here.
Out of 427.
What was your goal 450?
Yep.
If you really pushed it, we could have made 500 on this new folder in the show today, but that
would be expecting too much on a Friday.
A lot of work.
Especially now that Joe Belga can.
You know, all that nasty stuff going around a building.
How do you like that fat boy, huh?
Just a professional troublemaker who thinks he's very funny, by the way.
Oh, in fact, I'm surprised him and jolly Joe didn't know.
Chris would have been heartbroken, but nevertheless not over.
You got over it.
Now, let me take a look at my outlook express.
Maybe Lisette came back.
She's the only one that's going to help me with this because nobody else.
They either don't care.
They just don't know.
No, the fake Phil Henry about President Obama, yaddy, yaddy, yaddy, okay.
Thanks, fake Phil Henry.
Boring.
Boring.
When you need these people, where the hell are they?
You know, I mean, not that I don't appreciate all the nice stuff on Wednesday, but anybody can say happy birthday.
And you'll happy 66.
Thanks for the memories in yaddy, yaddy.
You know, it's nice.
I appreciate it, but anybody can do that.
Am I right?
Yep.
Doesn't require anybody actually saying something.
Now, when fleek gets his own show, you wait till you hear the calls.
He's going to get.
Oh, it'll be crazy.
When's that start?
I don't know.
We need to make that happen.
Monday, 10 to 2.
That'd be good.
Oh, wait.
Chris had worked with you. Chris needs the cash.
Oh, yeah, sure.
He's a turn code.
He's not going to be here next Friday, by the way.
I'm sorry.
You ought to be.
Oh, well, I'm going to be the little one in the morning on Thursday night.
I got to do the Keynes game.
The Keynes.
Hey, he had me off that Thursday morning.
I said, no, I'll be here for the show, too.
He won't stop doing it, Willie.
He just won't stop screwing with the show, freaking clearance.
I guess I'm going to have to come down here and kill him.
Can we watch?
I'm serious.
I'm going to have to come down here and just kill his ass because it's just hopeless.
He just won't stop doing everything in his power to destroy the show.
When's the next trend coming up, by the way?
Do we know?
I have no idea.
I'll check it.
You'll check it.
You have the ability to check it.
Yep.
Now, this ought to be good.
Dave says, hope you're having a great birthday.
Yeah, I did two days ago.
Finally, the campaigning is over the absolute best news.
We finally have a real president for change.
The eight years have really joyst badly.
And celebration of your birthday.
Here's a poll suggestion for later this week.
What's the most embarrassing place you've ever pooped your pants?
I never pooped my pants and I'm a liar during nude male swim class while driving my car while riding my bike while swimming in a public pool in a jacuzzi at church at the gym at work at school at a restaurant while participating in a sporting event such as wrestling.
Well, I'll put that in my pile.
It's not too much.
By the way, the next trend comes out November 19th.
19th.
That means two weeks from Wednesday from this past Wednesday.
Yep.
Or a week from next Wednesday or two weeks from your birthday.
Right.
Exactly. That's the way I would look at it.
Everything going on in the world revolves around how it relates to my birthday.
Oh, here, wait a minute or 50 weeks from your next birthday.
Well, that says let's try this selected text within the email.
And once highlighted right click and hit print selection.
Try that.
I'm thinking the other suggested work as outlook is kind of quirky.
Okay, I'm going to go back to that email.
I'm right clicking.
It's not going to say print selection.
It doesn't say anything about print anything.
Or that, but I didn't highlight it though.
Okay, let me highlight it.
Right click.
And says print.
Oh, it's fun.
Fun.
Fun.
Fun.
There's nothing about print.
So even though she means very well, it's it's phantom stuff.
Do you like Versailles on eighth Street?
Here it says the food is great.
The people are well, I'm not going to read that.
And how would I read that from the fake Phil Henry?
While you're on the page, you want to print.
Try pressing control plus P.
This is a built-in window shortcut for printing and usually works.
Control plus P.
Okay.
Now all that happens is that the print box shows up.
I'll click on print.
And this one's going to print out the whole thing because there's nothing.
It doesn't go that far to the right.
You know what I mean?
You know what I mean?
Right.
See, don't have to solve your problem or not.
Control plus P is just another way of giving me print box to pop up.
So why is that going to change the way it prints out?
Am I right?
You will be hit reply and then do the control P.
Then it should work.
You're such a jerk.
Well, let's see.
While you're on the page, you want to print.
This is a maybe it works.
A built-in window shortcut for printing and usually works.
But like I said, this one it was going to work.
Now let me go back.
Oh, Brandon says add cotton candy to that pool.
Get out of here, Brandon.
Cotton candy is for goyem since when.
Jews we love our sugar.
Crazy person.
And let me find one that's here we go.
Here we go.
I work for the University of Miami as a computer technician.
If you like, I can connect connect to your computer remotely.
No, try to of course not.
You tell me no.
Let me know you can call me my office or send me an email.
I'm going to let some stranger.
I'm going to hook him up with my computer.
Yeah, why you got to give yourself security number?
I hope you get that number.
What do I do control P?
Okay, there's the print box.
I'm clicking print.
It's going to come out chopped off because it's a long sentence.
Yeah, this is Luis Luis at the UM.
At the frost school of music.
I'm going to really kind of frost my ass a little bit.
They think I'm going to hook him up.
Okay, let's see how it turned out.
Chopped off on the right.
No difference.
No difference.
All that's doing is just bringing up that print box in a different way.
That's all.
It's not changing anything.
Oh, here's the phony Aaron Summers.
Even I wouldn't sleep with Josh Dero.
That's quite an indictment.
What kind of creature actually would?
There are scunks that would be revolted by Josh Dero, aka Clarence.
Let me say it again.
The Humper.
He invented all these people, stungots.
And I told him that right to his push then that we had dinner.
I said, he's ripping you.
He just laughed.
He went like that.
He to me is a medical marvel, the Humper.
I mean, I know I eat all this ice cream and my blood sugar is bad.
But at least, you know, I look almost human.
But he is just gigantic.
And he has the craziest like balding pattern I've ever seen.
Are you picking on Hank now?
A little bit.
I bet you your buddy Joe put you up to this.
It's Friday, you bastard.
This is CNN breaking news.
Several mechanics.
Oh, that's a wrong vid.
Excuse me.
