The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts.
A nice hearing from all you guys over the weekend here in Toronto, too.
It's staffed advertising.
Yeah.
The biggest name.
Bontal, text message.
Message in the bottom, like I'm serial.
Radio 560 WQA.
You must have missed the call, you think?
No message.
Well, if this is that pick on Jimmy Cifal, it's a flip.
That's a flip.
What was that?
What was what?
Jesus crank it up a little louder.
Oh, hello.
What are you doing?
They were met with the settings of your hands.
Who's there?
I don't know if someone else is on the boat.
The rooms are wide open this morning, so.
That's a hot tea millenervous.
560 WQAM presents the neon Roger Show.
Detraught to neon dial 560560 in day and broard.
In other counties, call toll free.
87775 Neal.
46560 on your AT&T and Verizon Wireless phones.
The opinions expressed by Neal, his guests or his colleagues,
do not wear his and girls of WQAM.
The management's sterile forespinsters.
Hell, the Neal Roger Show on 560WQAM.
Can beat that Gator me.
Yeah, more having a day than you do whatever.
What is all this?
Over this road of parks.
Ain't nobody ever hired a Jackie Robinson?
Sure, road of parks were on the bus.
But Jackie Robinson was an intelligent man.
And played with balls and a major league of a children's game.
I mean, come on.
Who's done more for the black community?
Road of parks or Jackie Robinson?
Ah!
Jackie Robinson was my hero.
Why I can remember when I was a much younger man.
And Jackie, he was working at the chock full of nuts.
I walked up to him, shook his hand and said to it.
You are my hero.
Now get me a cup of coffee and make it black.
You think Rosen made coffee that heavily?
No, I'm not a living show. What do you want?
Yes, Mo.
I think what you're doing here.
Hey, hey, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you a black man?
Yes.
Well, you can't tell a little bit of phone.
Who did more for the black community?
Road of parks or Jackie Robinson?
Oh, it's two separate things.
What you're doing is blurring the lines between social activism and not that I'm prejudiced.
Oh, he must have been disconnected through no fault of my own.
On the anytime, pal, you'll want it to high tones.
More happen today.
Tell me, tell me, Jackie Robinson did more for the black community.
Now, no, no, that's not what I said.
Now, don't get me wrong here.
It goes something like this.
Who did more for the black community?
Road of parks or Nipsey Russell?
Nipsey Russell.
You don't understand what I'm saying.
Hell, you'll be talking about that.
I'm gonna get out of here.
The food they want in life.
The food they want in life.
The food they want in life.
Now, who did more?
Those of parks are sloppy whites.
Slapy whites.
Oh, yeah.
Who did more?
Those of parks are not just that.
Who did more?
Who did more?
Who did more?
Larry Pads or Point Pads?
No, no, that's not what he's like.
He's like the other.
He's like the other.
He's like the other.
He's like the other.
He's like the other.
Yeah.
Shoot.
On the plate, my old pal Troy.
Shoot.
Ten, oh three, at five, sixty, WQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
How about that dolphin game yesterday here in Toronto?
How about it?
You get to come up here?
No.
And then, what about Chris?
Oh, no.
Clarence.
He was in Kentucky.
He was in Kentucky for what?
For the UM basketball game on Saturday.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God.
Jesus, you've got to be shmitten me.
UM basketball.
Now, one of that studio was just ripped all apart
and just torn a Sunday this morning.
George is a car breakdown by the way in the way to work.
Do you mind if I tell that?
No, why not?
Well, no, I tell that.
I'm just I should ask you first. Oh, well, whatever. I got I was in there shaving and I get a text message. Oh,
Car broke down. I got to get a ride. You know, there was no problem. I just took my time. Right.
Took my time. In fact, I thought about going back to bed because it's a nasty. It's snowing. It's like the windshield's like minus 20.
Yeah, I thought about going back to bed before I got out of it. Yeah, me too. I should have I sat there and I opened
the one eye and I looked at the clock and it said 10 after 8 and I thought, Oh, no, that must be a bad mistake.
A lot of people froze their tushies off here yesterday and then welcome to Toronto in the middle of the winter time,
even though it's not winter yet. When chill here yesterday was minus 21. The wind was blowing and it was just nasty and cool.
And all these a holes are tailgating the garage or center. I have discovered beyond the shadow of a doubt that a very large
majority of people who go to a football games and do tailgate parties are real a holes. Just get drunk and you know,
put that any freeze inside your body and it doesn't make any difference what's going on outside.
Sleep, rain and snow, whatever minus 21 windshield. It was so windy man. Those people must have gotten like blown off their feet.
But hey, the dolphins won and the Patriots made a nice comeback yesterday and beat a girl's team Seattle.
How to make a last minute come from behind.
I bet you tubby wasn't too happy about that. Of course, that I was really going to lose. Now, I'm sure you were.
And how about those jets, J E T S the S and jet stands for suck that was losing losing to 49ers. My God, who beat the whole before.
Holy moly. Yeah, 49ers are getting prime for the dolphins. Yep. Going to kick some nasty fishy ass.
At any rate, there were like all they did was tie up downtown yesterday. Just mess mess up all the traffic.
Oh, we had 52,000 people in the Roger said a lot of dolphins are to so hope many of you people here freezing your ass off.
Hope you got pneumonia. If I'm starting to sound a lot more unfriendly than I used to. That's because you know,
you reflect what you get from the crowd. And what I'm getting on the emails lately is nothing.
I mean, nothing except a bunch of negative hostile crap.
So you can talk all about the warmth in the temperatures you want. Yeah, I'd rather be with warm people than warm temperature.
Yeah, I'm cereal. I mean, for example, this morning, it's like minus eight Celsius.
And we got about an inch of snow on the ground. It is nasty. You wouldn't want to be out there for a little bit.
You don't have to go out there. You don't have to have a really, really, really good weekend.
It would buy really, really good. Oh, let's see. Here's our first today in rock.
And here's a bunch of birthdays and deaths and stuff today in rock. Well, that's a bunch of crocs is what that is.
And I see Dan from Maryland is back and we got Jay font a fan with more caustic F you F you F you stuff.
Oh, here this one too. Go dolphins near you a hole. These are the deleted ones. Oh, go dolphins near you a hole.
In other words, you know, if you know, root for my team, you're an a hole and screw you F you. That's a South Florida mentality. F you.
Now living proof of it that is it isn't just me is George had his birthday on Saturday. By the way, that was the Lord's birthday gift today.
A little bit delayed the car. Was it? Oh, yeah. I was expecting some mysterious ways the Lord.
So George had his appearance that are very reasonable location in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah.
Not much of a party.
But that's not the point. I know. It's right there in most of our audiences and I plugged the hell out of that all week long.
Did I do a pretty good job promoting the crap out of go see George and bring them some stuff and here's where it's going to be two to four Saturday.
And he tells me half a dozen people showed up or so. But they brought stuff. No, that's not the point. That isn't the point.
The point is South Florida doesn't care enough to send their very best. And it's not just me and it's not just you, no matter who you are, they don't like you. We don't like you.
I mean, this Daniel from Maryland who's also Jay Fodd who's also a bunch of other phony names.
Um, he supposedly went off to the Philippines to be with his young lady friend, the love of his life.
To retire there in paradise for only six grand a year. He can live polatially in yadda yadda yadda. And he's got this wonderful hot young chick and blah, blah, blah.
But he still had the found time this morning to write more crap to me.
And that's what the emails have been reduced to. Just like the phone calls were reduced to I'm your friend. Hi, raw to reduce to that.
And the emails after a really good start on there after much promise have been reduced to nothingness.
And as sure as I can't be the time of the year, it's only the eighth of December. I mean, it's like two and a half weeks before Christmas and two weeks before Hanukkah.
Right? Right? No, it's just part of the course has been. Sure. And these people give me a bunch of crap about being here. I got news for you. I survived 25 years in South Florida over 30 years in Florida.
I have no idea. And as nasty and cold and slippery and icy and brutal as it is here today, I kissed the ground that I'm here and out there. I'll tell you that right now too many nasty cold, hostile people angry.
That'd be a good poll question. What are you angry about?
Speaking of polls, Eric has a question. Yes, he got a I live in paradise and I don't want to live in paradise. Okay. That's the one. Forget about. I don't want to. That's such a stupid poll.
God almighty. Well, at least it worked though. Didn't it see I emailed him to pull because I'm trying to be nice guy. That's the one for tomorrow.
Right. As Mo would say, paradise. He thought that he was going to suck up to people. They hated him too. Of course, deservedly so in that case, but it doesn't make any difference. What you do. They're going to hate you. No matter what you do. They hate you like poison. That's right.
We won again. You a whole bad. Great. So congratulations. See, I know this comes as a tremendous shock to a lot of people, especially in these sports nerd variety.
But because the team that you root for wins or doesn't win, it has nothing. No, nothing to do with your life. Make you a better person, a worse person. It has nothing to do with you. You can play the game using.
That's right. Well, because it's the truth. Oh my God. Yeah. How do you like that? What a concept? Our team's better than your team. And that's because that's the bragging rights on the very key. That's the ones again. That's just scandalously blons for this. What you just said. It doesn't make you a better person. Oh, how about ranges ranges? How about those a holes? Who lose every day now? Ranges.
Same old tired crap. There's your right, man. There's nothing worse than the sports nerds. They are the worst, the worst of the worst. And let me say it again. Thanks so much to all my colleagues at QM for contacting me, even just sending me a note saying, what, you're as cold here? Just anything. You know, nothing, nothing.
We're not part of that fraternity. That is correct. They hate me. So I hate them. That includes all of them. Did you see the breaking news? What's that Supreme Court rejects case arguing that Obama is an eligible to be president? Oh, please stop. Hey, that's what they're screaming about right now. Who's they MSNBC? I don't care about what they're screaming about. Oh, I got to say, was any chance that they were going to pay any attention to that crap that swill? Get a life, okay? I have no life.
God, I can't believe in fact. Chris is here to a passage important thing. They hate you too, by the way. Oh, well, you noticed all the hate that you've gotten over the course of the duration. Hate. I got a lot of love on Friday. So hey, well, yeah, that's well, that was a special occasion, just like on my birthday. Remember that? You would have thought that those people gave a flying crap. They don't.
It was like a hit and run. Oh, happy birthday. Thanks for all the great years. You know, like, and that was it. That was a medley of their repertoire. All the least a lot of those people took the time to say something as opposed to now when most of them don't say anything.
Let's take a look at the emails right now. Let's see how we're. Oh, there we go. Jimmy Cifilis Jimmy Cifilis Dolphin 16. Bill's three, two bad you and Paco didn't make it out to the near Roger Center. Jolly Joe was keeping a seat warm for you. Yeah, I tell him to keep his seat warm.
Hilton Niagara. A great offer for you. Hey, like that from Niagara Falls. I just deleted it. Let's see. Jolly Joe was keeping you keeping his ass warm. Jimmy Cifilis. Here's one from John.
Neil, let me be the one to change all the negativity. I love you. Neil. Thank you, John. Wasn't that the next week? Here's one that says, Hey, fat chops. I thought I cut your fat ass last week.
Myself and my baby boy beast had a great weekend in Kentucky. We celebrated the Kansas victory with a nice candle at dinner at TGI Fridays. Watch your back fat ass. Oh, this is for fat ass. I got my eye on you. Happy related birthday, George. Sorry. I didn't you get you a card signed fake clearance.
The biggest name even clearly for the. The boy. The fourth leader. No portion of this program may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQM.
I'm busy. I cast group incorporated. Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you. First of all, Nick Carter has more talent in his right code than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple head. You stupid fat bag.
I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a
man. Bill's got products so hot we can't even say them on the radio. In fact he's probably got a lot of stuff that should never be recorded anywhere.
Wow. That isn't appropriate. Stop by Bill O'Reilly's pleasure spin zone today and get a coupon good for one free The Laughal rub.
Plus with every purchase over fifty dollars you'll get a free thank you phone call from Bill himself.
Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey
Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. hey. Listen up
Yeahh ضy did you talk to your guy. How old are you kisses me please. Hey you o.
Maybe he was illin
Or maybe he just didn't want to get up. I don't blame him. I
Mean I'm looking out the window and I see all this snow and all in oh the streets are covered with ice and crap
And it's just horrible and I'm glad to be here believe me. I'm not complaining trust me no complaints
right and all these idiots they're out there freezing their asses off tailgating yesterday before
One hour is before a stupid ass football game and you tell me about having a life. I have no holy moly
Oh, but we won we won yeah great you know what
Once in a hole always an a hole
Paul says just wanted to say the plus item being getting laid off Friday as they get to sit and listen to your show online
I became a victim of the failing auto industry when I get laid off Friday as an automation electrician here in Detroit
I love the show and try to get more of my friends here
She can listen since I think this show rocks have a good day and go leave say oh, yeah, they suck
See one thing about me. I don't dilute myself about the teams that I root for if they suck they suck that's all
I want to think about the patriots that fatso there does want to admit with all the injuries that they had going in and then all
They sustained during the game the fact they were able to make that last minute come back and win that game was a feather in their crab
At a boy mat
You just jealous that's all because you've got a lot of quarterback
Had penning tonight you're just jealous because you've got a but ugly quarterback. Yeah, cuz that's so important
Jimmy syphilis doing the games. Oh brother. I'd be embarrassed too. No comment Jimmy syphilidic
He's almost he is to play by play what the Jonas Brothers are to music, okay?
I mean this is music
George sent me this by the way now apologize
That is oh
Yeah
Boy Joe. Yeah, it's pretty oh singing like that in the toilet this morning. Yeah, no purpose either in the toilet. Yeah
On the toilet. That's where we are baby
We are in the toilet Magnum mistake about look around you there and of course so once tubby there is him once day
What when you have in this big meeting with George Corso?
Friday last Friday. Oh, you had the meeting already and you said about the logistics of that rule once we get rid of a tubby there
Yes, because we're making budget cuts everybody's making budget cuts slashing and slashing and cutting and slashing
We're the spot rate is gonna be a buck dollar a holler man. Anybody want to advertise on the show? Bucka ho
Dollar a holler
Here's the poll from Friday
Other than Neil my favorite local radio personality or show of the last 25 years is
How many votes we got seven ninety two pretty weak?
Phil Henry 143 by the will fill is number 79
I'm number 76 and the new talkers top one top on 250 talk show host
I'm number 76 fills number 79. How do you like that?
What is your positive what?
Congratulations on what dropping this there used to be number 15. Yeah, your job. They'll came along
I can be out of the top 250 by the time this five years is up
And you know what asked me if I care does it put any money in my pocket? No, no
Like you always say if it doesn't put any money in my pocket or get me laid then forget it right why you doing waste my time
Other than Neil my favorite local radio personality or show of the last 25 years Phil Henry 143 Randy Rhodes 127
Jim Mandage 88 who did not contact me in any way shape reform before the gang came up here and of course the reason for that
Well, we sure wouldn't want to hang out with you will be to a bear sing the Jimmy you know Jimmy
Cifillitic that you make those comments about him all of which are true by the way he blows
Mr. Right Wing and IOD and he's
Consorting with us on these dolphin games. Well, don't you find something ironic about that whole situation?
I find it unacceptable is what I find it
Suds and Rick 77 George Rodriguez 53, but they didn't have time to come and see you. I wish you happy birthday
Yeah, it's all right. No, it's not all right. That sucks half a dozen people showed up
Or so really I mean I didn't count
Couldn't have been more than ten no
Probably no more than eight probably only four or five maybe yes, I made it up nobody showed up. I'm kidding
Hank 34 the Humper 34 votes
Hermioneer beam 29 micrinerary 23 Rick Shaw 22 Dan La Bastard 21
Scott for L 18 Jeff De Flora 17 Mifo
Run in Ron 15 tied with Mohawar David
50 Joe Rose 12
80 K 12 Allen Burke 10 Bob Lasseter 10 Paul Castanova only seven big Wilson seven
Castanova's tied with a dead man Craig Worthing six Joe Zagaki five
Geldie five
Jerry Wittner five. Oh, Jerry. Hey, Jerry. Huh. Huh. Just gave that a Ho Chi Minh Trail
Joy Reynolds for Kimba Bull Camp or three Bill Carter three the big oh oh three
The Booster three
Jerry Williams two Alex Bennett two Robby Young two he's still in that phone booth
Lenny Martez two Alice Rantel she's got a pair Don Cox two and one for Larry Kanchas Mikae and Tom don't like us
And yeah, I did leave off us some names. There was another page that came with that pull which I just realized
Staying major was on there and people like that. So I'm glad I left off that all Greg B. Dell
Capita Bill Tanner Steve K. Mr. Rigo Bill Smith Ernie Sochin Debbie Ellis Shirley Peters Drew Michaels
The Crow Joyce Kaufman Norma Cant Lee Fowler Sunny Fox and Sandy Paint
Oh, so speaking of Lee Fowler
Pastor them a touch-tone phone
I think I'm going to play that every day just to aggravate you
I know why you don't like that. It's a funny bit
Once upon a time a hundred years ago for the people that know who Lee Fowler is
Yeah, it might have been a little bit funny. Well, it's funny to me because I knew who will leave
Was he once tried to hire me and then when we got to talk and money. Oh, oh jeez well. I got to go now Neil
Never heard his name spoken outside of your mouth
Lee Fowler Lee Fowler
I never heard he was a talk host whatever PD. Oh look at this Florida Bahamas cruise boy you talk about barking up the wrong tree
Here's some spam a facts
Five days four nights in Orlando with Disney passes all for only two hundred ninety eight bucks
And Bahamas cruising stay four days for this is a hell of a deal
Wow
And pick one of the following bonus vacations if you buy this crap five and four and Costa Rica all inclusive resort and five and four and cancun Mexico
Resort all of this for just two ninety eight
Sounds like an other deal on that yep
I don't want it. I don't want it. Don't don't let's take a look and see if those emails are pouring in Neil at Neil Rogers dot com
I have a feeling that that was already up to 61 nice going see oh here we go
David says hey buddy
Just wanted to say I'm a 25 year old punk from Plasmore, Illinois
Listen to your show for years and years. I used to listen to you when I would visit my friends in Wellington
During the winter break and I thought you sucked
But I kept listening and now you're the only radio personality. I listened to I used to suck
But I don't suck anymore. You got better. I live right by the old homestead racetrack
Homewood a homewood
Thank God that place closed and never would have graduated high school
Anyway, keep up the good work in happy birthday George. He demands is David. Thank you David
David was like a nice out to do that's because he's not in software
Get out
Congratulations
The fourth
It's the madboy Jim mad記得 from your Him
the
QAM, the Sports Leader.
You know in D.A.Y.S.U.C.A.S.
Baby Madonna, you are all too famous.
Takes me one whole minute to say your whole name.
Baby Madonna, let the best of me.
Have you met your uncle Sean and Warren yet?
Photographers will be there when you wake up.
Suppose school requires people and the sun.
When they see your mother with a makeup,
See how they run.
Your mom is Madonna, her brother is made of lead.
So I'll see you with all the kids you rest with.
1031 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Monday, boy.
I'm looking out the window.
It is dreary and it's only the 8th of December.
It's gonna be a long nasty winter.
Oh, you're gonna wish you were here.
No, I will not.
No, I absolutely will not.
Then checking some of these emails,
it just bears out what I've said.
Hostile.
Like that.
But I'm not gonna read those.
In fact, the ones I've already blocked and deleted.
When I see the name, I'm just gonna move on.
Here's one from the fake Alice Rantel.
Is Lee Fowler still on the air?
No, Lee is still dead.
Last I knew he was operations manager on WGVS.
Did he offer you a job there?
Yes, he did.
Well, he didn't offer me a job once we got to the money.
We'll even change the call letters for you.
Neil will change his WNIO, NIL, whatever.
But no money.
As soon as I started talking money, he got up and ran out of there.
Like somebody put an H bomb under his ass.
Remember Frank Lasko from WVCG 1080?
What's your beef with Jimmy Cifalus?
Last I heard him he wasn't so bad.
Well, guess what?
That must have been a long time ago because he blows.
Hey, Jimmy, you fairy.
The worst, the absolute positive worst.
To think that once upon a time there was Rick Weaver
and we had Bill Zimper, people like that, real broadcasters.
Not just X-Jog.
Now we got three X-Jogs doing the games together.
How do you like that?
All X-Jogs.
You know what that is?
Thank you.
Acceptable.
Here's one from Curse of Steve says, greetings, Neil and George.
I briefly sifted through the radio dialio today.
I heard a song that is truly a classic.
I hadn't heard it in a while.
I thought you guys now used to play it periodically back in the day.
I'd play it now only if it's down there.
You got it.
What's that?
We'd love to hear it coming out of a break sometime.
At least it would kill some good time.
The song is near God from XTC.
Lyrics say it all.
Happy birthday, George.
I love you, Neil.
Curse of Steve says.
What?
You got it?
Dear God?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I used to play it all the time, remember?
Yep.
But it's on a disc that's down there, I'm sure.
Maybe you'll send me that disc one of these days, sure.
As opposed to the great disc you sent me over the weekend.
You got it in your words.
Peter, I'm sure.
How about your partner?
Dear God, let's just let you the music library a long time ago.
You've got the magic lamp.
I'm pretty.
You know, I can finish up with you.
Why are you playing that one?
I'm playing.
Did you tell me to?
No, I said send it to me and then say, please.
Now maybe this gets better if you think.
I can't get any worse.
There are balls, there are dogs barking somewhere.
Five-year-old girls, I think of her.
There are dogs barking somewhere.
They came.
Hey Joe, boot you up, sweetie.
Also anyway, on this poll we got going today,
which I know is very embarrassing to all you macho guys out there,
all you jocks andippers, there's a name.
And this poll came from Brandon, I saved the evidence.
And he puts on here Jesse McCartney.
Now the poll says, I would have all the guys,
Niels thinks is hot.
Who do you think is actually pretty good looking?
So it's a kind of a fagged poll.
But he's got Jesse McCartney on here.
I never even heard of Jesse McCartney.
But thanks Brandon, because I looked him up and boy,
he sure is, so I agree.
Wow.
And he's like 21, he's not one of those, you know,
like little chicken guys, like Joey Jonas.
That's a bonus if he gets Joey Jonas.
331 votes is all we got on there.
How we do on the emails?
Here's a couple.
Oh, here we have the fake Alice Rantel.
Can you play Ross to do?
I just got through a plane with the other day.
Get lost, Alice.
Niels, I listen to your show once in a while,
and for starters, you cursed too much.
Cut down on that.
You'd have more listeners.
Curse.
Also, don't be so mad in angry all the time.
Lighting up an enjoy life has always peace on earth.
Oh, yeah.
Lighting up an enjoy life.
Enjoy all the hate messages that we send you.
And all the caustic, on all the instructions
about how to live your life and how to do the show.
That's what the emails basically of world-owned do.
It's just a lot of hate and a lot of instructions.
How to live my life, how to be a better person,
how to do the show, how to do this,
how to pick my nose, how to pick my ass,
stuff like that.
Complaints and critiques.
You've got it, complains and critiques the
Neal and Near Rogers email line.
That's it.
It's really easy to have the material.
Oh, God.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Oh, according to the Joe Rose, says Rudy.
Big O's no longer working the five is seven AM shift.
Is that correct?
I have no idea.
Why not?
Well, I guess, now that I'm not on the show,
I don't tell anything anymore.
Oh, wait, they never did before.
Well, can you confirm that with somebody?
Can you go out and sniff around on the hallway?
Ooh.
I sure hope, Jolly, Joe didn't just cut some bad cheese.
Or drop a pile of that wicked bloody diary in the hallway.
What do you think?
It sounds like a play.
So who was on this morning?
Oh, he, yeah.
Well, what does that mean?
Because I was on the schedule the rest of the week, five to seven AM.
Oh, who knows?
You know, Joe, I don't know.
Don't ever believe me anything that Joe Rose says.
He likes to play games, you know.
Oh, depots out of drug we have.
Oh, you're all like that.
Thanks, by the way, for getting in touch with me, Joe,
over the weekend when you were here in Toronto freezing your ass off.
I was winning a lot of money it would buy.
And I was just cashing in like crazy.
Everything I touched turned to gold.
Three hundred and thirty-four votes on this pool.
A lot of all the guys, Neil thinks, is hot.
Who do you think is actually pretty good looking?
Johnny Depp, 142.
Johnny is killing the competition.
Even George voted for Johnny.
Mm-hmm.
Here's Johnny.
Tom Brady, 88.
Brady Quinn, 54.
Luis Miguel, 17.
Jesse McCartney, 10, which like I said until I saw this pool,
I never heard it know Jesse McCartney before.
He's not related to Paul McCartney.
By the way, today is like 28 years since
a John Lennon was killed on this date.
Any interest?
That was up almost 300 points.
You know who Jesse McCartney is?
Does he sing?
I don't know who he is.
He does sing.
I don't know if he sings well or sings Jonas style, but...
Jonas style.
Now that's an interesting twist on it.
Jonas style.
They're rocking this thing.
They're cranking it.
They're cranking it.
I'm the queue up, Kevin, we should travel out of here.
Oh, that blows.
Jesse McCartney, 10.
It does.
I'm not going to sit here and lie to you just because Joey is cute.
I'm not going to tell you the music is good.
Now the backstreet boys made some good music.
Regardless of what you said, Nick Leschet, 98 degrees,
had some great songs made some good music.
He's actually got talent.
And he ditched that crazy bitch too.
Your girlfriend.
For Pinball Control, simple Pinball Control.
Yeah, Pinball Control.
Just smear the whole tube all over your whole body, honey.
So, Luis, John McCartney, whatever his name is?
Jesse McCartney is definitely Jonas style singing.
Might even be even gager than the Jonas brother singing.
Oh, no.
Wow.
That's not possible.
That's an indictment.
Holy cow.
Who's the hottest female celebrity day?
Mike says, I guess, pull idea.
Also, Nia, what's George's opinion on the new model?
Area Giovanni?
Area Giovanni?
Yeah, Area Giovanni.
He's hot.
Oh.
He's hot.
That's George's opinion.
I mean, I could go on, but yeah, what else do you have to say?
I don't see Alice Rand, tell me why she had Chad pennington the pull, because he's butt ugly.
That's why Chad pennington, my ass, which is what he looks like.
Wes from West Palm says, was there ever a better dolphin radio team than Rick Weaver,
Hangover and Henry Barrow?
Were many of them X-Jocks?
No, they were not exactly, says Wes from a Palm West Palm.
At a boy West.
They'll be getting back to the pull.
Jesse McCartney, 10, who sings like a girl.
He looks good, though.
Grady size more.
Seven.
You guys don't know your baseball man.
Grady size more is a really beautiful guy.
He's all man.
He's not one of these little punky, you know, faggy little kids.
He's a real man.
You're greedy size more.
And they don't know from Grady more size.
That's because they don't know their baseball.
Rocky Etzer Maria, aka Stephen Bauer, six.
Well, he used to be really hot.
Used to be.
Kepa, say you, Wes said that's 100 years ago.
Joey Jonas, only four.
That's because they heard the music.
Matt Castle's only got four.
Boy, jealousy is very, very unbecoming new doll fans.
And Stephen Straight only two, which means they haven't seen the covenant.
He should be in first place.
He makes Johnny Depp look like fat boys ass.
Stephen Straight.
So that's the list that we got on.
Do we leave anybody off?
Well, we did leave off Barry Jacket.
He's pretty hot.
He's not fat, Alex.
He's not even a Roger.
He's four to eight, you'll five sixty QAM.
The fourth lead.
So, the second lead.
So, the second lead.
The fat talent.
It's the D.A.
Joey.
We're not treating to an enemy wrong.
He's four to eight, you'll five sixty QAM.
The sports here.
What's wrong with him?
How many times has this happened to you?
I am safe.
Worship me.
Keep double spooked, please.
Ah, not.
Another evening of listing the records backwards,
ruined by satanic messages.
Now, protect yourself by insisting on quality recordings only from backside records.
The records made to be played backwards.
Get back, it's about happening sixties.
The monotonous seventies.
I have a point with eighties.
Cheater, that's a catchy tune, what's it called?
Eight out of one, one, yeah.
Of course, I should've known.
Don't let those irritating blasphemous messages spoil your listing.
Anything worth hearing is worth hearing backwards on backside records.
Oh, that's it, but I was sure it was sweet.
So, I was just reading Brandon's explanation about Jesse McCartney.
Well, lay it on it.
Well, maybe because you agreed with me that I never mentioned him on the ear.
It says, let me explain why I put him on the pool.
Maybe a year ago you saw him on TV and went on and on and raved about how good he looks for a couple of weeks.
That's why.
Do you remember that?
No, but...
Neither do I.
I'm sure he's correct.
There's just a lot of things that don't bother to remember, like, you know, sports stuff and gay stuff.
Gay stuff? Gay.
Why is that gay because he looks good?
Does that make him gay?
No, it makes you gay.
Well, I already am.
I know, so I don't write down, I don't write that under my notebook.
How about you, Fancy? Do you remember that?
No.
No.
But here's your boy.
What boy?
Did that say it?
Yeah, that's it.
I don't know.
Oh, he sounds just like Joe Jonas.
Okay, that's enough.
Sounds like a girl.
That's enough.
Boy, they all sound the same.
Here's one from the fake Larry King.
Does Woodbuy and have a sports book?
No, they do not.
Did you watch the dolphin game there?
I didn't watch it anywhere.
Did you lay lumber on the game?
I don't bet on ball games, fake Larry.
The reason Madden's and Joe Rose didn't contact you was out of respect for Jimmy Cifilus.
They think you get a little bit too personal in your attacks and it hurts Jimmy's feelings.
Oh, it hurts Jimmy's feelings.
Oh, poor baby.
Hey, Jimmy, you fairy.
Who are you, kiddin'?
They say he isn't gay, but he just likes to shower with the guys.
Coats of Prano had to chase Jimmy out of the locker room with a stick.
Oh, yeah.
How do you like that from the fake Larry King?
He knows what's going on.
Jimmy Cifilitik.
He sure is how it wouldn't come anywhere near me.
I give him a spanking.
Nio, just a few other recommendations for the poll.
If they pass your taste test, Leo de Caprio, no, Matt Damon, whatever, and jerk, jerk street, no chance, sign, closet, and sports, fag sports fan.
You're out now.
And Mike says, by the way, have you seen that video that's going around on the internet?
And then there's a link.
I assume it's to that, whoever he was talking about, diarrhea, what's her name?
Video show it.
Oh, no, this is different.
The video shows a homeless man being beaten, stabbed in the eyes, and hit with a hammer, and gets killed while the teenager's laugh.
It's truly sickening.
They make the Nick Berg be heading video, seemed like child's play.
No, I haven't seen it, and I don't want it.
Okay?
I don't want it.
I don't have any need to see a grotesque barbaric gruesome acts.
Okay?
Anyway, I think Brandon's hyperventilating.
I mean, and Jesse McCartney, I would never forget anybody looked like that.
I mean, he's like a real guy.
You know, I mean, not like some punky little kid.
Oh, the knob guy's saying, he's scared the hell out of me.
The knobber?
The knobber's out there.
It's Monday.
Can you hear it?
No.
He's attacking the knob today.
Well, go get you a polish.
No, no thanks.
Not by him.
If you ever saw the knob guy, he'd understand.
You don't have to look at him.
Oh, I don't want it.
I don't want it.
Leave me.
The new way.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let's be from a, may I from Bill?
Thanks Bill.
I got a door knob there.
What?
That's true.
The strange looking door knob.
Everyone do you like clockwork?
He's out there polishing people's knobs.
Now, wait till you hear this one.
This is good.
Keep the great emails coming.
We need them desperately all week this week.
Now, what week you on vacation?
Not next week for the following week.
Correct.
The last year.
Correct.
What you said.
Oh, and guess what?
I couldn't find the story, but I did see a blurb on it on TV.
Amsterdam is considering now closing down in the red light district.
All the sex shops and all the, yeah, food shops.
Yeah, do you hear that story?
Yeah.
Now, why do they think anybody's going to come there to see the goopy brown canal?
That's right.
Go swimming.
Go take a tour of one of the boats.
See the horrendous cuisine.
I mean, good God.
Those people must be crazy.
But then again, that's the Dutch for you.
That's the world in which we live now.
And speaking of that, it's a great segue to this email.
It says, Neil, I'm 51 and live my life the way of the Lord and don't have any problems.
If you try it, you'll find inner peace.
Stop the madness.
Repent.
Peace on earth.
How do you like that?
He lives his life the way of the Lord.
I live the way of the Lord.
I live the way of the Lord.
Damn God.
That God, that Lord.
And working out, okay, so far.
We all have issues, right?
Nobody's going to perfect live.
Anybody claims to do that?
Okay.
Just like that moron Dan from Maryland, aka J. Font, aka A-Hull.
He's supposedly in paradise in the Philippines and he's taken time out to send me more of his
hate.
Oh my God.
You really are sick.
Sick.
Sick, Danny Boy.
Now, the fake Barry Jackass is above ahead of Blowout on Sirius on Friday.
And all new people are keep honking me with a Sirius crap.
Trust me what I tell you.
The stock was a 15 cent this morning.
Let me take a look.
Dude.
I got to get Jesse McCartney out of my Google letter.
How do you mind?
Yeah.
Again.
Sirius stock.
Here we go.
Well, I figured as long as he's on our poll, I'm going to just look up and see who the hell he is and what he looks like.
And he sure meets my approval.
I'll tell you that.
Sirius stock.
16 cent.
All right.
You load 16 tons.
16 cents.
It's up and penny.
Aren't you proud?
Oh yeah.
Steven Straits only got three votes.
Let me say it again.
You didn't see the covenant or y'all a bunch of closet and heterosexual.
So the fake Barry Jackass has been this from Bubba Love Sponge.
Well, this Barry is quite a Yenta.
And of course, when you think about Yenta's it makes you think about Jimis Skyler and...
Yenta.
I'm not gonna touch tone for you.
Yeah.
Yenta man.
And don't forget about Yenta Green.
That was a good one.
Who?
Speaking of the dolphins, our Dave Joseph talked to Yenta Green.
Oh.
That's almost as good as Bawa Peacow chick.
All the best.
But not quite.
From Bubba Love Sponge, he says it's time to stop worrying about getting in trouble and stop worrying about losing our job.
It's time to speak our mind.
I'm gonna miss Sirius.
Sirius doesn't care.
The reason we are not coming back and the reason they won't pay us.
Again, I've been gagged for three years.
But in a full man's and type scenario, Sirius manages it does not think people will cancel.
They push this around, treat us like Schmidt because they don't care about the listeners.
The listeners don't care about Martha Stewart and some idiot sports guy from New York.
They don't understand the power of the Bubba Army.
I've never said it before, but when we leave, do what you gotta do.
In other words, Rickman asked.
Yet.
Go nuts.
I do like that.
So Bubba's leaving very, very hostile terms with Sirius.
I'm serial about that.
So all you people are keep honking about.
Oh, you ought to go to Sirius.
Yeah, right.
Probably about a week later is when they go out of business.
A lot of people leaving the airwaves, by the way, Opian Anthony and Boston.
Steve Dollars out in Chicago.
They're paying them off for another two and a half years.
How about if they pay us off for the next four years?
And almost a month.
What happened?
No, I know what would happen, but it sure sounds good to me.
Write a check.
Come on like Joe Dodge, or get a check.
Write a big fat check, jolly.
And don't leave one penny missing either.
Boy, you have no idea how badly they would love to blow this show out of here.
Oh, you can't even begin to imagine.
You know, I know.
Put on a Jorge Siddano or one of those for another sports nerd.
The beast we can talk about the game again.
Four extra hours every day.
The game.
Oh, my God.
It's an illness.
It's a madness.
It's lunacy.
Mass madness.
You idiots.
Let me go to the NFL network and see if there's anything about the Patriots Seattle game.
Oh, they're in commercial.
What's the tendency when we fight?
Hey, it's 10 dollars and everybody.
Oh, yeah, those rounds are really something, aren't they?
I can't say the word on here.
I'm going to have to join us here in a minute.
I don't know why, but it just.
I saw the rounds and all of a sudden my ball started twitching and itching.
And during this next break.
So if not, I'm not back at 11 o'clock in the room in there.
All right.
I'll spin some wax.
Jesse McCartney maybe.
No, thanks.
How about some Jonas Brothers?
Oh, I played that one already.
I sure wish I hadn't seen that concert on TV.
I wish I hadn't seen it.
Why?
I don't need the diversion.
Okay, I don't need that diversion.
I don't need it.
Yes, you did.
Oh, and here's a good one too.
Signed a black fan.
I read this one to you before the show.
Caesar, subject, won't stop listening.
More, more caustic crap.
Hello, Neil.
Just stopping through to comment and ask a couple of questions.
Just stopping through.
I still live in Miami.
I've listened for 25 years off and on.
I'm one of your choice few black listeners.
Us tokens, LOL.
What does that mean?
Choice few black.
I got plenty of black listeners.
But evidently, Caesar thinks he's the one.
My question is, and this.
I want you to listen to the words.
If you're already narrow-casting from Toronto to a South Florida audience
and everyone else via the internet, then what's really so bad about
wide-casting to a more diverse audience?
As you said, many people in South Florida don't believe you're still on the air
because you're so struggled by management.
Wouldn't you feel a sense of freedom by saying exactly what's on your mind?
Yes.
And it sounds to me like he's hinting again about Sirius, which I wrote him back.
I replied to this.
It's not going to happen.
What part of it's not going to happen?
Don't you understand?
It's not going to happen.
Wouldn't I feel better?
Yes.
Is it going to happen?
No.
So why do you keep banging away in the same dead drum?
And lastly, all this talk about the Jonas Brothers makes you sound exactly like Mr. Herbert
on Family Guy.
Even I have an age limit since certainly my brother, Black Fan, says.
Yeah, I have an age limit too.
Legal age.
Legal age, 18.
Joe Jonas is 19.
And you know, not only that, but you can look.
There's no law against looking no matter how old somebody is.
Yeah, let's listen to their window.
Yeah, if you're peeping through their window,
you think he's a keyhole.
He.
Oh, we can play a little bit of that.
Let's do.
Yeah, let's play a little bit of that.
Yeah, well, there's another one we can't play.
Pretty funny.
Good, too.
Keeping through the keyhole.
Watching mom and dad.
That's as far as we can go.
A little bit off key, but he, you know, he means well.
John Lennon died 28 years ago today.
I learned like millions of others from Howard Coastale, who was on Monday Night Football,
that night at a ring in a scheme of the senseless news.
This is only a football game.
Clearly, the only way that the dolphins won Sunday was to live on the dome in Toronto.
Poor idea.
Who do you wish would just go away?
Let's start with OJ.
Oh, he's going away.
And he's going away for a long time.
Long time.
Long time.
You know, Roger.
Fortlept, you're 560 QAM.
The fourth league.
The biggest news.
The best talent.
Are you sure?
You're listening to sports radio, 560 WQAM.
My, my, my Emmy for the latter day.
This is the Neil Roger show.
Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock.
Rock Dollar.
Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll.
Dollar question.
And now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest, just in time for Elizabeth Montgomery's birthday.
In the hit 60 sitcom Bewitched, Darren Stevens married a good witch named Samantha.
But in the series' pilot, Samantha was actually into evil black magic as this lost classic shows.
I'm sorry, Darren, the answer's low.
Larry, you promised me that if I landed the Fibolizer account, you'd make me a partner.
You just can't do it right now.
Hi, Larry. I love Sweetheart.
Sam, we're a little busy.
I was just explaining to Darren that the time isn't right to make him a partner or make man and taste.
Oh, Sweetheart, I think I can take care of this.
Now, Sam, no black magic, you promised.
What the...
Tate, since you have no heart, you will have no heart.
Sam! Sam!
Sam, you ripped his heart out.
Hmm, sure dead.
And boy, is it tasty, one by...
Sam!
It's like Mother always says, the way to a man's heart is through his sternum.
The lost bewitched pilot, Larry Robson Hill, can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores.
Video treasure chest.
We've got rooms with this crap.
I bet you were 111 and 560 WNQM.
We've got four hours of this crap.
That was up to 138 points.
Now, who are the people that showed up on Saturday for your birthday?
You know, I wish I could remember their names.
I don't mean by name, but anybody I know?
Any records?
The old guy that said the enough of the sucking in German?
Really?
That guy?
Uh-huh.
And some other people.
Oh, and the brother or the guy that said football bat?
That was a cool man.
Remember that we had a call, Queer is a football bat?
You didn't understand it?
That guy's brother.
It wasn't a call, it was an email.
Oh, whatever that was.
Yeah.
But not the call.
I got the phone show up?
The who?
The chronic's who threatened to show up?
Oh, no, no.
No.
No, they know better.
George is probably prepared for them.
Oh yeah.
Hi, man.
Hi, man.
I have a collapsible baton for them.
Brandences, by the way, I stopped bowling for Columbine for the first time in a couple of years over the weekend.
I was wondering, do you leave your door unlocked?
Not at night.
There are times if I'm going to go over to the, like, the little market or something, if I'm going to go out for a couple of minutes.
I'll leave my door unlocked.
That's because I live in a building with heavy duty security.
And number two, these aren't a bunch of barbarians.
Not that there aren't some barbarians here, but generally speaking,
you don't encounter people running around with guns here.
Although there was another interesting episode at Woodbine on Saturday morning.
Oh yeah.
As I was leaving, security was dragging this crazy old, I'd say, in her 50s, 60s woman out screaming and...
Baaah, baaah, baaah!
She was screaming and yelling.
And my first thing came to my mind was that she tried to steal somebody's ticket.
You know somebody's money?
I see.
Ticket, ticket.
And by the time I got out in the lobby on my way out, she was on the floor in the lobby surrounded by security.
Not paramedics or like that.
It's not that she was having an attack or something.
She was lying on the floor and they were like four security around her and she was,
Baaah, baaah, baaah!
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
Were they tasering her?
No, they were not.
I don't think.
I don't know what else she did, but she obviously did something bad.
Something nasty.
What is it with the Russians?
God.
What about them?
Why do they behave the way they do?
They've been through a lot.
I don't think they get out of the house very much.
Not as often as they should.
In fact, I don't think they ought to be allowed out of the house.
They're Russians.
I don't think you got a lot of South Florida Russians, do you?
There are.
It'd be surprised.
There are?
Mm-hmm.
We got any Russians out there?
I don't think I ever had an email from any Russian.
Well, they're Russian.
The Russian computers right there?
What's his name, Zaksir Ophan?
Did you check your up yet, by the way?
No.
It will today.
Okay.
Today or tomorrow.
Or not.
Maybe you got lost in there.
Maybe you got intercepted.
So the story about O?
Yes?
Quote, he's been sick as a dog.
So Joe just made that crap up about how he's not doing five to seven.
He Joe does that all the time.
Mm-hmm.
Because he thinks that's funny.
As opposed to giving the audience the straight poop, you know,
and the rest of us.
He's been sick.
So what does that mean?
Is he not doing two to four today?
I don't know.
He did the dolphin stuff yesterday.
Oh, well, he was healthy enough to do the dolphin stuff yesterday,
but not healthy enough to do five to seven this morning.
That sounds like a real, real scam to me.
I could be wrong about that.
Maybe he isn't as rock solid as we thought he was.
Maybe he's just not the kind of guy who can handle that double-duty stuff.
He does the show from his house anyway, right?
Mm-hmm.
So what's the big cynus with that?
What a nice deal that is to be able to do the show from your house.
How do you slacker do that?
God.
What a good deal it is.
I don't see any emails pouring in here.
NeilAtNearRodgers.com.
I see nothing.
Oh, here's one from the fake Barry Jackass.
Thank God for him, man.
It says, I know you normally don't take links, but I got my hands on the MP3 of Bubba's Meltdown.
He rips serious and asks, but we can't play it on here anyway.
Right.
ArtyLang from the Howard Stern Show calls into a agree with Bubba's criticism of serious.
Word is, this was Bubba's last show on serious.
Well, that's great.
Thanks, Barry, but I couldn't play it anyway.
I don't do links.
How do you like that?
He ripped them and asked an Arty called into a agree with him.
Oh, boy, that don't sound too good.
Doesn't it?
Nope.
15 or 16 cents a share.
Bubba's off of there in.
He's off there probably now permanent.
Boy, this business is gone to the toilet.
And let me say it again.
I may not like these people.
I may not like the way they're doing things.
We may not be able to do this show.
We want to do.
We may be up against it.
But you know what?
We got security for five more years and three weeks.
Right?
Yeah.
You do.
Well, people are, oh, when you stop it, it's insecurity crappy.
Or is it just right in my contract, I get to pick my producer, I get to pick my nose and my ass.
Yeah.
You know what's ironic?
You don't get to pick.
I'm going to get paid.
What's ironic, friends?
When's the day someone was asking how long it wasn't you signed for?
It was like, well, five years.
Oh, that's good news for you.
I was like, really?
Yeah, because I mean, they're not going to get rid of you.
And they're like, you really go on the show.
And, uh, 24 hours later, that was gold.
And 24 hours later, well, you know, you're a little bit out of the loop, Kelly.
You're a little bit out of the loop.
Okay.
Fatso is, uh, he's living on borrowed time on his show.
They're making budget cuts, Kelly.
And you could be next squeaky.
You could be squeaky new way out the door.
Now the panthers, the panthers, nice game against the Bruins, by the way.
The Bruins are on fire.
And what about ranges?
Ranges.
I don't hear that in New Yorker call.
And of course, I'm not taking any calls yet.
I sure hope I don't have to.
And in order for that, that to be the case, we need a lot more emails, man.
You didn't care enough to come to Georgia's birthday on Saturday, which really pisses me off.
Six people show up.
Oh, here's a whole bunch.
Pool edition.
Rob Marciano and Rob Hanrahan.
I don't like either one of them.
Well, what is wrong with you, Brandon?
Brandon must have done some bad drugs over the weekend.
I can't stand Rob Marciano and Rob Hanrahan.
I don't even know who the hell that is.
He's a local Yoko guy.
Bill says, just wanted to let you know I was in Toronto this weekend for the dolphin game.
I had a wonderful time.
It's a great city.
Yes, it is.
The weather sucks, but it's a great city.
See, let me make one point.
If life, quality of life was all about weather, a majority of the population would be living in the south.
Right?
Right.
Let's take a look.
Los Angeles is the only huge, good weather city.
Huge.
That's good weather.
Well, I mean, you got earthquakes and mudslides in that.
And the smog, burgurized.
Well, I'm talking about at least warm temperature-wise.
All right.
But you got New York, Philadelphia, Detroit, Chicago, Toronto, Montreal.
I'm talking about North America.
Okay.
The overwhelming majority of the population lives up north in the north where the weather is brutal.
So there must be some reason people do that as opposed to living like an Arizona and Florida and like that.
Anyway, it says I went to a couple of great restaurants, Soto's Italian restaurant, and Harbor 60's steakhouse.
Keep up the good work of the show says Bill.
And he's got no complaints about freezing his ass off here.
Here's one that says I thought you were Russian from the fake Adam Kirschner.
You still have, oh, yeah, no, I don't.
I thought you were Russian.
Oh, yeah, I am part Russian.
So what's that got to do with it?
I'm not Russian because my grandmother was born in Minsk, a burner that makes me Russian.
What are you, Adam?
Some kind of a moron?
Oh, God.
Talk about lame.
Here's one that says bullying for Columbine, my ass.
There are more homicides in Toronto this year than in Miami.
Wrong.
Wrong.
Do like 70 homicides this year.
How many are there in Miami?
And in Russian, what are they?
Huh?
Huh?
Anybody who would say that it was safer like walking downtown Miami at night than in downtown Toronto
was an idiot, for example.
And the homicides most of them are in Scarborough here.
But there is so much more hate down there.
I was walking down the street and everyone was hating on me.
I can't take it.
Says, grubber, whatever, grubber, whatever that means.
There is hate.
Jim and Getsville, New York.
What's wrong with David Beckham?
That guy's hotter than the Dutch, then Dutch love.
Keep up the guard.
Jim is just another fact.
I don't care about David Beckham.
Okay.
This is about me.
Okay.
This isn't about who you think is hot.
Let me say it again.
What does the poll say?
Can we read it?
Uh, out of all the guys, Neil thinks is hot.
Who do you think is actually pretty good looking?
Not how, who you think is it?
Who you got the hotspour?
Jim and Getsville, New York.
Hey, Jim.
You fat.
Get a life.
And by the way, the interesting part of it is the people who came up here from Buffalo over the weekend.
This, the weather here was an improvement.
How do you like that?
That's why they didn't mind.
That's why they were out there tailgating it.
A lot of doll fans at the game.
I was reading about it this morning.
It wasn't even like a home game for the bills.
They sure made a bad mistake when they decided to play indoors.
Can you imagine if they would have played that game outdoors and then snow?
Oh, well, it wasn't snow.
It was just, in fact, they canceled the card at Woodbuying yesterday.
The third-grade racing, they canceled it because it was so brutal and nasty and hostile, windy and cold.
And it was subhuman, sub-horsey, too.
Oh, here's somebody where, here's your buddy PR Ralph, who's an idiot.
Rippin' one of big, oh, spots.
I'm not ripping people's spots.
Don't you understand that PR Ralph?
By the way, sorry, George.
I couldn't make it.
I was working a little late, but I do have a nice bottle of wine.
I mean, I got from Jimmy Cifalus's wine clear and say, yeah, I'm sure.
They don't care.
They just don't care enough to send their very best or to send anything.
Nothing.
And what's the reason for that?
We want to know why you people didn't go see George on Saturday.
Oh, because they don't like me?
That could be part of it.
Maybe they don't like you.
Maybe they hate you like Poohs, right?
Or maybe they thought you were wanting gifts or something and they were too embarrassed.
It was too cheap.
You know, a lot of people haven't tough times these days.
I don't.
Maybe they couldn't afford to buy you a nice gift, like a pound of pop.
People have showed up just to say hi and shake my head.
Yeah, what a bit of a moral.
And that's a nice gesture.
Like all those people that came on Gulf Stream this summer, right?
What I did to parents, I didn't ask them to bring anything.
Just bring your ass.
That's all.
Bring yourself, shake our hand.
You know, pick up a t-shirt.
We'll sign it for you.
No extra charge.
Bring some old CDs.
We'll sign it.
We'll shake your hand and pretend we like you.
I mean, what's wrong with that?
No.
They couldn't do it because they don't care enough to send their best
because they're nasty and hateful and mean.
Mean.
And I'm supposed to be the mean all far.
I'm just, you know, decent guides just plugging along every day, day after day after day.
The weekend comes and goes like that.
Just like, I wonder where the hell did the weekend go?
Did we have a weekend?
And the stress of that damn Patriots game yesterday, that was enough to tear your kishkis out.
How about you, Fat Boy?
I thought that they were going to lose, didn't you?
Yep.
But it's hoping girls team Seattle with a big fat ugly coach.
When the hell's he going to retire already?
Got it.
The biggest name.
Hey Mike, you got it, babe.
No rejects.
Sport right now.
Time's up.
The sports leader.
The big saying.
The best talent.
It's the big O or Landu Elzo Gary.
Afternoon, 2 to 4.
Sport Radio 5.
The 3QAM.
The sports leader.
Please, enough talking.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
The 3QAM.
I was, and I was supposed to do that.
I forgot about it.
You forgot?
I forgot.
Wow.
The situation, the situation subsided a little bit.
Oh, I forgot.
Well, who knows when it might right rear it's ugly.
A rear again.
So George is out there joicing.
I'm assuming that's where he went.
Maybe he left.
He said, forget it.
And all the guys, Neil thinks is hot.
Who do you think is actually pretty good looking?
We got a choice.
Two, four, six, eight, ten.
Ten names on there.
Three, eighty, seven.
Johnny Depp, 161, Tom Brady, 108.
Brady Quinn, 62.
No votes for Pat Quinn yet.
Or Dr. Quinn, medicine woman, was Sally, what was her name?
What was that show?
Did you ever see it?
I didn't either.
Now, Luis McGill, 18.
Jesse McCartney, 10.
Who the hell is that?
And where can he be found?
Hey, Jesse.
Grady size, more eight.
Rocky, et cetera, rest even, Bauer, seven.
Joey Jonas, five.
Boy, they make some great music at once.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh, listen to those little girls screaming and some little boys too.
Joey Jonas, five, Matt Castle, five, and Steven Straight, three.
That's because they don't know who Steven Straight is.
You all right?
Yes.
No one's seen that movie.
Oh, were you joicing or what?
Oh, oh, boy, is that really?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
You're not done either.
Hey, you better get in now, because, you know, soon, there's going to be a lot of dead air when this, uh, this, that's already been, uh, you know, decided.
What are you talking about?
When there's, uh, no two people in here anymore, there's going to be a lot of dead air.
Well, that's right.
I never thought about that.
What's going to happen when George has to, uh, or, you know, any number of things that have to, uh, be dealt with?
Uh-huh.
When there's only one person in here.
You're going to be talking to yourself a lot.
You're going to be saying things and there's going to be no response and you're not going to be lying.
Oh, I can't wish for the Joey Jonas, baby.
That's a good audience builder.
We can get like a lot of six year old girls tuning in.
Oh, on AM radio, I heard the Jonas brothers.
Well, let's see.
Here's one from somebody.
It says Christmas for the animals event.
You've been kind enough to plug our animal charity event in the past.
But appreciate it if you would do it again.
Sure.
Kill some good time and we're not going to many emails anyway.
Very, very, very surprised and depressed and disappointed.
I plugged the hell out of your appearance on Saturday thinking it would be fun.
And a lot of our listeners would show up to wish you happy birthday and pack you on ahead and make you feel better about life.
And they didn't do it.
They won't do it.
They're cold.
They're cruel.
They're nasty.
They don't give a crap.
They won't make any effort.
But if you'd have been given away some free tickets for some crap, oh boy, they'd been lined up from there to Ojas.
The city of Hollywood office of code enforcement is holding its 10th annual Christmas for the animals food and supply drive this Saturday, December 13th from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at point,
the end of park, 1301, South 21st Avenue, Rainer shine in Hollywood.
The purpose of the event is to collect pet food and supplies, including bedding, toys, treats and the life for distribution to animals in Hollywood.
Oh, there's a lot of animals in Hollywood.
George knows he lives there.
That's right.
A lot of old animals.
There'll be food, several pet related vendors, nonprofit organizations and photos of your pet with Santa.
Please bring your family and pets for a wonderful time.
Thank you, Neil, very much from an 18-year listener.
PSYODGEORGE, you at Roller Derby Saturday night, and from Atlantis.
Yo, Saturday night, you go to Roller Derby. I thought was Thursday.
No, no, Roller Derby.
There's going to be a bout on Saturday.
What?
Roller Derby is a, you know, women's Roller Derby?
Yeah.
I go to that.
Oh.
No wonder they didn't come in with you happy birthday.
Oh, yeah, that's why.
That's got to be it.
Must be.
You go to Roller Derby?
Yeah, I'm friends with a lot of the people on the team.
A lot of the girls.
Oh.
They're my friends.
You're screwing something?
Oh, all of them.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, good.
Like I said, a well-well-deserved pursuit.
That was up just over 300 points.
We'll keep our fly on it.
Jean says, oh, it's an attachment.
The final holiday period.
Well, I'm sure it must be very funny.
Jean or not, but I'm never going to see it.
Let me say it again.
What part of don't send attachments and links?
Don't you people understand?
What don't you understand?
I don't have time to open them to posky with them,
to read them, to listen to them.
I don't have time for it.
You're wasting your time.
I was here with Eris one from Jimmy to undisclosed recipients.
So just when I thought I had some stuff,
and I don't, here's one, my way.
My way website.
It's the only web portal with no banner ads and no pop-ups.
We feature free email.
I don't need it.
I don't want it.
Save it.
Again, from somebody who has nothing to say.
Oh, there's another deleted one from Tee Lee,
Baye, Florida news.
Are you still getting those?
Yep.
Tee, Baye, I don't even know what that all that is.
What does that mean?
It's blocked and deleted.
I love looking at the blocked deleted ones because it goes to the show
that they don't know they're blocked and deleted.
And they just keep sending the same crap over and over and over.
And they think that you're reading it.
Like Dan from Philippines, who used to be Dan from Maryland,
who used to be a fan, who used to be a human.
Maybe not.
Man, he says, good morning.
Made a big channel surfing mistake last night.
Is it seeing Drew Rosenhouse crants wasn't bad enough?
There was a segment of the big O.
Wow, talk about a face for radio.
Is it true his wife is hot?
I don't know.
I never meant his wife.
You meet his wife?
Who?
They go.
I must have.
I might have a Christmas party at some point,
but I don't remember.
It says maybe he has some special talents.
Love you, show him, keep it up from manual.
Thank you, manual.
He's doing it manually.
Well, I tell you one thing, if it weren't for the fake
very Jackass, I'd be taking calls right now.
90% of whatever I'm getting is from the fake
very Jackass.
When you love to know who that is, some Yanta, some Yanta Man.
Maybe it's Jim Scholar.
That could be.
After 30 years on the air in Chicago, Steve Dahl told listeners
to WJMKFM, JackFM Friday, it was his last show.
Even though CBS Radio will still be paying for another two
and a half years.
Dahl blamed PPM for the decision to cancel his show, saying,
all music formats get better ratings out of the new system.
And despite the long period remaining on his contract
during which he will not be on the air, Dahl insisted he is not retiring.
It turns out music gets better ratings with his new rating system.
And guess which is cheaper?
The music, Dahl said, is he informed listeners that Friday's show would be his last
until at least 2011.
The Chicago Radio icon complaint that is implored,
it's been nothing to promote his show.
Oh, that sounds familiar.
Which had been the only time period on the oldies JackFM station
with a live host since CBS moved his show there in late 2006
from what had been FM Talker WCKGFM.
That's where Disney used to be and screwed it up good.
Dahl told listeners that CBS had offered to let him stay on the air
for a couple of more weeks to say farewell.
It's not a farewell.
Well, you guys are taking me off the air, said they told management.
And he said he intends to over come to the remaining two and a half years of his contract.
According to the Chicago Tribune and Chicago sometimes,
that contract calls for CBS to pay Dahl more than a million bucks a year.
We saw comment from CBS Radio 1 dollars to purchase numbers forthcoming.
Making a pitch for other station to hire his staffers, Dahl held them as all is the best in the business.
A troll sidekick buzzed Kiliman that he was still invited to the CBS Radio Christmas party in two weeks.
Dahl said he'll find something to do over the next two and a half years.
He doesn't know just what just yet.
Except he can't go to another radio station where I was under contract to CBS.
They'll continue to keep in touch with his fans by his website, which has an audio clip of his final show.
How do you like that from Barry Jackass and and oh,
Bill just loaded with some.
I got all kinds of stuff.
The whole show today is buried the fake Barry Jackass.
Thank God for him.
Like I said, these people are responding to my pleas for their emails today.
They just like to be spotted.
A pleas to show up for your birthday on Saturday.
None.
None.
Exhibit.
Do now.
That's right.
Well, we'll get to the opian Anthony thing in a second.
And then of course the beeslees putting on Bubba loves bunch in Southwest Florida.
How do you like that?
The uppity beeslees putting on a pornographic show again.
Bubba loves fun.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
Neils have price deals are the head of the town again.
And this week one of our favorites starting Thursday at noon.
You'll be able to buy $50 certificates for just $25 bucks to Dan Moreno's restaurant,
South Miami's home of first class dining and entertainment.
Inventive recipes, a cosmopolitan decor, a seasoned staff, and full time chef
and sure that an afternoon or evening at Dan Moreno's will be a memorable one.
And like Danny Boy himself, Dan Moreno's is dedicated to giving the guest a legendary experience.
During football games, Moreno's has got great beer specials.
Just $3 draft imports.
If you're looking for a place for your holiday party large or small,
Dan Moreno's going to accommodate your group.
Give him a call at 305-665-1315.
They're in the shops of sunset in South Miami.
It's Dan Moreno's restaurant.
And be sure and go to WQM.com to buy $50 certificates and have prices 25 bucks starting this Thursday at 12 noon.
The biggest name.
The best town of New York is New York's sports radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leaf.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Joe Rose.
Weakly morning 7 at 10.
Sports radio 560 QAM.
The sports.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
There is a child living down in Mexico
who has to go to work every day.
Here sits at his desk
Making clothes for Kathy Lee, loves the work
but doesn't love the pain.
They are the kids who make the clothes they make.
They are the ones to make a Vodka day so quick and blanking.
It's just clothes to make it.
The time you love to buy is true to make a buck a day with Catholicism.
1131 at 560 WQA am all Fag radio.
Here's one from somebody who obviously is very upset with our poll today.
Hotron says stop and get help before it's too late, Fag.
Now can you interpret that one for me?
Yeah, I think you need help.
You need somebody to help you get out there and you know, pick some guy.
He's got a guy's up.
Fag.
They're getting heavier these days.
Stop and get help before it's too late, Fag.
Oh, it's too late.
More hostility from the South of the audience.
What was I saying last week about it?
It's that time of the year.
They talk about peace on earth and goodwill toward men and women and anybody else.
Oh my God.
Just nastier than ever.
This holiday season really rotten.
And here's one from the one with 85, G H B H J, whatever.
Just to correct you on your population observations that you just made and this is absolutely wrong.
It is true that the major population centers in the U.S. are in the North.
However, the reason for this is actually due to climate.
When these places were settled, the Sunbelt areas were basically unlivable.
I myself ran the AC through most of the winter even last night.
However, in recent decades with the advent of widespread air conditioning, the Sunbelt
cities have seen massive growth while northern cities have either stagnated or shrunk.
Well, this obviously doesn't happen overnight due to jobs family, et cetera.
This transfer of population has been accelerating recently in this forecast to continue.
What this goofball doesn't recognize is the fact that we get just millions of people who
send us emails and calls, et cetera, and whatever.
Saying they've let South Florida and got back wherever the hell they came from, fill
the Chicago and don't ever want to come back.
Don't ever want to come back.
Weather isn't life, okay?
Oh, sure.
It's nice to have like San Diego, I guess, has got great weather.
A lot of right-wingers there, two lot of Nazis.
You ever been to San Diego?
No.
Me neither.
How about you, Fatson?
No.
Paradise.
How many people live in San Diego?
It's not that big.
No.
In addition to which, how many years have we had air conditioning?
Is this guy talking about living in the past, right?
About 600 years we've had air conditioning?
Very jackass again, shock jocks, OP and Anthony dropped from Boston Airwaves.
Was it something they said?
It says.
Shock jocks, OP and Anthony have been ditched from Boston Airwaves for the third time
in ten years.
This time, however, the scandalous stunts weren't to blame.
And said WBCNFM104.1 is suggested the outrageous hosts simply weren't a big enough hit with
local listeners to keep their coveted morning slot.
WBCN announced yesterday that the notorious duo's morning show would be replaced by
Toucher and Rich, who currently hosted an afternoon show on the station, T-O-U-C-H-R.
Tuché, Tucher, Tuché, Tuché and Rich.
I'll touch her.
Tuché, Lopretta, B.S.
Marketing Director, Tuché.
C-H-I, Tuché.
Not Tuché as in Johnny Lavin.
Johnny and Tuché.
Marketing Director was adamant the controversial host aren't the latest victims of the recession.
The trend has been toward a local morning show, LaPretty told the Boston Hill.
We haven't had a local morning show since the days of Charles La Carita, La Kidara, which
is over 12 years ago.
Boy, a lot of strange names in that place.
Greg Opie Hughes and Anthony Camino apparently aren't convinced telling fans on the website.
They believe they were actually due to budget cuts, budget cuts.
Oh my God.
The pair were previously ditched from a hub radio in 98 after telling April day, full-day
listeners that Mayor Thomas Menino had been killed in a car crash and again in 2002 after
encouraging a couple to have sex and St. Patrick's Cathedral live on the year.
The show which can still be heard on XM satellite radio was picked up again by WBCN in 2006.
And Barry continues.
It's the fake Barry Jackass show today.
He's the only one with anything to say and the rest of you people, just like the people
who didn't show up at the Georgia's birthday party on Saturday.
Six people or so.
You know, that didn't count.
Oh, Brandon stopped.
You know, Brandon made the poll and now he keeps adding to it.
And Chamar more.
Oh, I haven't seen him in a hundred years.
He used to be on at the soap, the young and the horny.
Stop adding to the poll, Brandon.
It's just fine.
The way it is.
Stop adding and get some healthy for its too late.
Fag.
Like that guy says.
Get some healthy for its too late.
It's too late.
Oh, it's way too late.
Greg says good morning.
It was 28 degrees this morning in Tallahassee.
Looks like Charlie's still getting married this Friday.
At a gay rights group that wants all Floridians to have the right to marry,
says it will hold a demonstration outside Governor Charlie Limpress, Chris Wedding.
A spokeswoman for Impact Florida says the group plans to demonstrate at Christie's
December wedding because he supported amendment two banning the same sex marriage.
Chris plans to marry his fiance Carol Rome on December 12th of the first year of
the Methodist Church in St. Pete.
Impact Florida says it's gathering outside the church will be peaceful and advocates will wear pink.
And Charlie, you stink.
Oh, here's the fake Greg Vue Dallas back.
Oh, yeah.
With Bubba apparently gone, the only talent Tim Sabo, Tim Sabine, Tim Sabine,
has for how to win a one is Jay Thomas and Scott Farrell.
Would you be open in doing some try-out shows from your home?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Some try-out shows from your home.
Oh boy, anything offered would be an addition to your show on WQM.
We are well aware of your contracts that is we.
Blow it out to your ass, fake Greg and all you other losers up there with your 15 cents stock.
Schlock, that's the word.
I'm serious.
Would you be open in doing some try-out shows?
Oh, brother.
They can't find anybody that wants to work there because they know it's going to be a business
sometime next year and they don't want to pay anybody any money.
Do I do some try-out shows, George?
Yeah, sure. Let's try this.
They don't want you.
They don't want me either.
The fake Greg Vue Dallas back.
Serious, serious, serious, serious.
Serious?
You know, I don't know what it must have sounded like when the Titanic was going down and all the people were screaming and trying and yelling, you know, the ones that were drowning.
All the chaos.
That must be what it sounds like at Sirius right now, these days.
When Arty Lang is calling on the ear, the Bubbid Loves Fund are agreeing with him on how Sirius is a piece of turd and doesn't take care of its people and don't pay anybody.
That tells you a lot right there.
Burry says, Bubbid Loves Fund's return.
We already know this.
K-Rock 96.1.
Beasley is launching a new morning show that's certain to raise eyebrows around Southwest Florida says, Fake Burry.
Beginning Monday, January 5, K-Rock will broadcast the infamous Bubbid Loves Fund Show Live 6 to 10 a.m.
It's been a long time since we had a radio personality like this in our market said Jeff, hit Cox, regional marketing director for K-Rock's parent company.
Last one was Howard Stern.
Bubbid is the only person who can come close to Howard Stern, he says.
It's also they viewing in other markets including Miami, Orlando and Richmond.
Oh, how are we going to survive with the Bubbid Loves Fund before us?
I don't know.
Well, the obvious question is how do we survive now?
One day at a time.
When's that trend coming out?
19.19.
What day is that?
Friday.
A week from Friday, baby December 19 comes the second trend.
Two-thirds of the fall book.
And that's the dolphin book.
We ought to be kicking big, serious smelly ass.
The Fake Greg Budell.
Oh my god. What is wrong with these people?
Here's one that says, do you still enjoy doing the show?
It sounds like you've given up. Show some life.
Oh, this guy's already blocked this idiot.
Long time ago.
Michael Birddog Scroggins blocked him long time ago.
Show some life. Show some death. Sounds good to me.
Michael Scroggins. Who's some days he's Michael Scroggins and other days he's Jerome Scroggins
and other days he's probably Dan from Maryland.
420 votes on the pool.
How do you feel? Have you given up?
Oh, every day I give up.
What about you, Frank Chris?
You've given up? No, I'm still coming in.
I'm not talking about that. We're all coming in.
Show some life.
That's a hot one about show some life.
When we're begging and pleading just for emails, just for people to tap us out something.
Which doesn't require an effort like a would have to come and see you and paint you on the head.
It's a happy birthday.
George, congratulations. We love you and yada yada yada.
They didn't do it.
They didn't do it. And George is pretty depressed about it.
The biggest name.
Pretty dumb fast.
He doesn't know Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth lead.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
It's the mad dog.
Oh!
You're a man that's half the news.
Four to seven.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Neil Rogers.
Good.
George Rodriguez.
Bill Good.
Absolutely.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
I'm going to be a little bit more serious.
Boy, you really are living in your own little world, aren't you?
Yes, I am, okay.
I'm in Tadal even whatever world I want to live.
Okay, Mr. Hot Shot, Mr. Expert on my life.
According to the census since 1960, the population is out of photos up over 700 percent, while
similar numbers exist for Dallas, Phoenix, Vegas, Atlanta, Orlando, Tampa, etc.
Meanwhile, the numbers for every major northern city is stagnant or down.
Wake up and smell the coffee.
The fact is the younger demographic simply don't want to deal with the northern weather
anymore.
Well, that must be it.
That must be it.
I can't tell you the number of living and breathing younger people in South Florida.
I know who would just die to get out, who'd give their left nothing to get there out of
there.
But this guy is the expert in addition to which I wasted away 30 years of my life in
that God for taking place.
Okay.
Oh, nasty, hostile, unfriendly, rude, obnoxious people.
That.
And now that I'm gone, I still get it from idiots like you on email.
Well, weather isn't a life.
Okay.
For example, how about in Europe?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Does the majority of the population in Europe live in northern Europe or in southern Europe
like in Italy?
I wouldn't know.
I can southern Italy.
Well, just just look it up.
Oh, look at that.
Even not even a contest.
Yeah.
The fake Mahatma Gandhi, you'll, you'll, you'll churdle when you hear this.
No, I didn't say snortle.
Snortle.
Snortle.
Snorkel.
The fake Mahatma Gandhi says the reason people didn't go to Georgia's appearances because it
was under advertised.
Also you're on AM radio on a sports station.
They should air your show twice a day, live in the morning and then replay a night and
get rid of all the sports crap in between.
Right.
Right.
Under advertised my ass, I plugged the living snot out of that appearance.
I was begging and pleading, please do something nice for a little Georgia.
Okay.
Show a little rock monis.
Go there and make him feel loved and useful and like a human being with all the crappy
acid deal within his life and in his car breaks down on a way to work this morning.
And they just don't care.
They don't care enough to send their very best.
That's all right.
But boy, when it comes to.
I've got a real education from this and reinforces what I was saying about people not wanting
to live in the hostile places.
Like L.A.
You know, I mean, even assuming taking out the smog and the earthquakes and the mudslides
and that.
All of these things even taking that away.
The fact of the matter is it's a dangerous city.
Dangerous.
The only place I've ever lived for a couple of months.
That was enough where you could you could feel the danger in the year.
You know what I mean?
You walk around you like look over your shoulder like who's going to kill me next.
Just a not not a good plan in addition to which all of China and Vietnam and the career
live in Los Angeles now anyway.
Look at that email.
No items in this view except for hostility and negativity.
They got nothing to say.
Neil at Neorodges.com.
It's my last plea for the day.
Boy, you really are living in your own little world, aren't you?
If you love it in South Florida, if you have a great life, I'm happy for you.
Good.
Good.
You stay there.
I'll stay here.
Just like this thing with us.
Ball game here over the weekend.
The whole entourage from down there was here.
Joe Rose, Jim Manditch, Joe Bell.
Who else?
Who else was here over the weekend from that place?
No idea.
Not that I was expecting any communication, but wouldn't it have been decent?
Wouldn't it have been decent after almost 11 years on this radio station?
If Joe Bell took you off for a drink?
No, not even, no, not even meet me.
Just send a message.
You know, even something funny like, boy, thanks for the great weather you're safe for.
Anything, just a communication to it, to acknowledge my existence and they can't do it.
A horse head in a bed?
That would have been good.
A horse head in my bed from Woodbine.
Couldn't do it, didn't do it, wouldn't do it.
And this is the nature of the people in South Florida.
Not all of them, there's some very nice people down there and I've met a few, not too many,
a few.
Look at the nice people that showed up on a Gulf Stream that day.
Remember that?
I sure do.
That was our last hurrah, I think.
And living proof of it was your appearance on Saturday.
Six people show up on the man's birthday.
Forget about just an ordinary pedestrian appearance in a very reachable, accessible location
for our audience.
No.
Or what used to be our audience?
That's more like it.
Wouldn't you like a little bit shocked into me?
No, not at all.
No?
No, it's a beautiful day, everybody's out shopping.
Everybody's got time for that crap.
What do you mean, everybody's out shopping?
Is this the new excuse?
Everybody's broke.
Everybody's out of work.
Nobody's got any money.
And now they're no excuse.
Well, there you go.
Everybody's out shopping.
Is that why we're not getting any emails today as usual, which is lately been less and
less and less reduced to like a puny number?
And if weren't for the fake Barry Jackass and a few other fakes, we wouldn't be getting
anything at all.
Here's one from all lifeless Adam and Kitchener Waterloo with snowing about minus 30 with a
windshield.
I'm still going to haul my ass to the gym and two because it ain't easy being this
hot.
Yeah, says, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh
Um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, um, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh,
This is Mark Morgan, it's the 12-1 hour on QAM.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
It used to be hot.
Back in the good old days, before the old parts came, and politicians stayed Jose.
This town was once alive.
They even had to ring grave.
There were things to do.
all night. It's rowered and in day. But the old fart walking dead. And the
power to the left. The crooked hood of the old. Who just got off the boat. I heard
Neil Rogers cry. This is the day that Miami died. Everyone who's
there. Can you believe there was a time. They had casinos and
howling. They all try to organize the crime. But the experiment had failed. When the
brain did change it down and tore the boats up down. They pissed all over the
place. It's a big goddamn disgrace. I heard Neil Rogers cry. I'm gonna hit it up that
baby. What a great place it could have been. But self-serving out the ruin it.
Like I said. Those are the days. Oh man. Why didn't you warn me? Hey watch out.
Huh? Funny. Funny what? Funny business. Yeah. Well, here is a funny
business. I hit the dump on about 75 times an effort. Ponymouth, chicken,
act real pottymouth. Rob said, did you read the story about Charlie Chris
trip to Europe over the summer taxpayers expense with an entourage of 12 to
cost of over half a million dollars. Nice you fairy. You fairy. Me and the
governor, not me. I mean, oh, and I forward to you to just know you're
chuckling now. Wait until you see the picture of Adam from Kitchener Waterloo.
And then you'll understand why he says I have no life. He wants to add him to the
pool. What a chubby faced ugly guy. I mean, don't take it personally. There are
a lot of us who are ugly and chubby faced. But you are. And he wants me to add him
to the pool. Oh, here's from the fake Chris Whalen. Uh oh, what I say. Well,
we haven't heard from you in a long time. This is good. Maybe this is an omen
for the last two hours. Something different beside the fake very jackass. I'm
getting real tired of all that radio crap. Hola. 436 votes on the pool and Steven
Straits only got four. That's because they haven't seen the covenant. That
movie though is strictly for gay. For fags like me. I threatened to send it to
George. You won't watch it. Right. I'll send it to you. It's been on cable and
stuff. I've seen it. I've popped it on. I see what the people look like. There's
a locker room scene in that movie that's just for every fag in the world. It's
just for every time I turn it on. It's like they're by the pool and everything
like that. Yeah, almost naked. So the fat Chris Whalen says I'm sorry that I'm fat.
Now did you check Adam's picture yet? No. Take a look at it. I won't have any
unkind. I'm having email problems. I'm going to have to restart. What? Oh my God. What
kind of a schlock operation are you running in? I wonder they didn't come by and pay
you on the head. I still can't get over that. And as far as the fake, whatever his name
was, I plugged the living snot out of that thing. Even you didn't met that. Oh yeah. Over
and over and over. Twenty two hours. George is his birthday. Bring him a nice card.
Pad him on the head. Say a good job. Something like that. Do they show up? No. Do they bring
a frankincense in murder? No. They bring nothing. Zippo. Oh, I got some nice stuff.
Don't don't think I get out of here. Five or six people show up and you're trying to
like a really, really happy with what those people brought though. Well, that's good. Very
nice things. Really? So the fat Chris Whalen says, I'm sorry that I'm fat. Did you look
at that picture yet? Or what? Of Adam and Kitchener Waterloo who doesn't get out of
the house much? I have no life. God. Why would he send me that picture? And is he really
think that he's a human looking? Actually, he looks Jewish. It says, I guess that this
will be the end of our glorious relationship. I'm sorry that I'm such a fat slob
Neil. I was informed this morning that because of the old salami smell that penetrates all
around me, I'm being let go from WQIM. Clarence told me I eat too much, stick up the bathroom
and a mousad excuse for a human being. My relationship with Johnny Joe is also suffered
because of my from under cheese stench as well. Yesterday I was sitting on the toilet eating
some nachos with cheese and reminiscing about the day when Johnny Joe would loop up my,
oh, I can't read that. I wonder how refreshing it used to be when my fat ass was bent over.
I can't, I also can't read the rest of this. I love you, Neil. We'll miss you when
I leave WQIM. I'm going to kill. I'm going to kill myself today, Neil. I'm going to
talk about after work. Go home and sit on the toilet and eat myself today, just like
Elvis. Please keep my name alive, Neil. I will miss you. Goodbye. Signed Fat Chris.
Well, we'll miss you, Fat Chris. You're too sweet. Now you're going to go home and eat
Taco Bell on the toilet? No, I don't eat on the toilet. It certainly sounds like a way
to go though. So to speak. I keep thinking about that choice that I was going to take in
the first hour and now here it is, the 12 o'clock hour. And I'm still, it just kind of like
went away. I know it's lurking in there somewhere. It's lurking in my colon. But George
brings up a good point when we have a two man show here. What's going to happen when George
all of a sudden makes a run out of the room? Right. For any number of reasons. You know,
we have technical difficulties and things we're going to have a lot of dead air and there's
going to be a lot of business being done over the year. I'm going to be talking a lot
and thinking I'm talking to you and you're not going to be there. That's right. Because
that's what happened that first week. You know, we did it just the two of us for years
and we never needed anybody else and we would brag about that. Both of us about how we
never needed anybody else. And then you went to Toronto and guess what? Then we needed
somebody else. But they've been conspiring to destroy the show since the show came here.
And, you know, and here we go. Here we go. Well, it's way goes. A Kimby says, how about
a Neil cam where we can watch Neil online as he does the show? No. No. Especially we
talk about what's the big attraction with that? They don't really remind them that you're
in your underwear when you're doing the show. I'm not a minor underwear. I got my shirt in this
weather. I'm in my underwear. I got my shorts on and my shirt and my t-shirt underneath it.
Yeah. Jammy's no reason here. Why are you out of your mind or what? Oh, well, everybody wants
to go to the warm weather near the Sunbelt. Yeah, yeah, yeah, all the young people like Sun City
in Arizona. And this is this is a guy maybe lives in Broward where the median age is death plus 10.
Oh, no, you're wrong. The all the young people are moving to Broward. Oh, right. You stick with it.
Okay, with your cemetery village and your early burdeners. Now stay here. There's plenty of
eight holes here too. Believe me, no matter where you go in the world, there are eight holes.
Am I right? Right. The only difference being when you're in South Florida, you don't have to
look very far to find one. Sometimes you just look in the mirror like a hot Ron. Hot Ron says, Neil,
I'm not a hater, but a man of peace. You sometimes drive me to say bad things like
fag hate bastards. So be nice and enjoy this world. Love and harmony. Harmony can't even spell
it. Harmony with an E. You're an idiot hot Ron. You're not the moron. Fag just hurt me to the quick.
Oh, there's Stefan Dion. He's on the way out. It's minus seven and it stops knowing and they'll
scrape it all off and by three this afternoon, you'll ever even know it's snowed. Isn't that like
magic? At tomorrow, it's going to be like plus seven. No, not only change it plus four. It's going to
push. It's going to rain and wash away all the snow. See the way the Lord works. He snow's on you
and he freezes on you and then he he rains on you and washes all that crap away. Like washing all
of our sins away. You know, that's the way the Lord works. Adam says, now I'm going to go to the
gym and maybe peep my guts out a bit. Won't help. Adam, you're fat and you're ugly.
I mean, yeah, I could tell you you're a real great looking guy. Now, did you look at the picture yet
or not? No, not yet. Well, what are you doing there? I'm rebooting. I told you.
I'm rebooting my ass. How long does it take to boot that stupid ass thing too long?
Jesus, God almighty. You're supposed to be the computer experts down there and I'm the daughter
and old queen here. This is that old computer of yours. I got my thing working like a charm, man.
Works like magic. Unfortunately, the emails aren't exactly pouring into the day, but it's going to
be this way through the end of the year and maybe for the next five years too. What I thought,
I thought I had really come up with a really nifty idea, not that it's original to like take emails,
but you know, replacing the calls with emails, giving people a conduit to say something.
And then of course, we find out that the same people who had nothing to say on the phone
had nothing to say on the email. Nothing. Yeah, nothing. What a concept.
Here's that story I thank whoever sent this to me. And today I'm unveiled plans over the weekend
to close bravo, sex shops and marijuana cafes in its ancient city center as part of a major
effort to drive organized crime out of this tourist haven. The city is targeting businesses that
generate criminality, including gambling parlors and the so-called coffee shops where marijuana is
sold openly. Also targeted at our peep shows, massage parlors and souvenir shops used by drug dealers
for money laundering. I think the new reality will be more in line with our image as a tolerant and
crazy place rather than a freeze on for criminals said, Ludwike Oshcher, the city council member wanted
to know Ludwike Oshwipe, a city council member wanted the main proponents of the plan. The
news comes just today after Amsterdam's mayor said he would search for loopholes and new rules
laid down by the national government that would close marijuana cafes near school citywide.
The measures announced Saturday would affect about 36 coffee shops in the center itself a little less than 20%
of the city total. Oshcher underlined the city's central main true to its freewheeling reputation.
It'll be a place with 200 windows for prostitutes and 30 coffee shops which you can't find anywhere
else in the world. Very exciting but with cultural attractions he said and you won't have to be
embarrassed to say you came. So to speak, under the plan announced Saturday Amsterdam will spend
30 million euros to 40 million euros to bring hotels, restaurants, our galleries and
boutiques to the center. It will also build new underground parking areas. Sounds like Rudy
Giuliani's been there. Let's sanitize it like New York like Times Square. Amsterdam already had
plans to close many brothels in some coffee shops but announced Saturday it's going to go further.
Oshcher said the city would reshape the area using zoning rules buying out businesses,
offering assistance to upgrade stores. The city has shut brothels and six clubs in the past by
relying on law allowing the closure businesses with bookkeeping irregularities. Prostitution will
be allowed only in two areas in the district notably Devolan, the walls, a web of streets and
alleys around the city's medieval retaining dam walls, the area between the center of prostitution
since before the city's golden shipping age in the 1600s. Prostitution was legalized and then
needle-ons in 2000 formalizing a longstanding tolerance policy. Merlewann is technically illegal
in Netherlands but prostitutes won't press charges for possession of small amounts. Coffee shops are
able to sell the openly. The ones who are still going to be open. How do you like that?
Okay. About as much as I like those pictures you sent me. Did you see it? Yeah, no,
why'd you do that just to share the pain? No because he thinks that he should be on the list that he's
hot. Obviously he's got a great sense of humor. I can go out on my patio right now on my balcony
because hot as he is and the temperatures like minus infinity. Maybe he's serious, maybe he really
thinks he's hot. You know there are a lot of people who think that there are incredibly. I wish
I had that mental defect, you know, be great for confidence. Yeah, real confidence booster,
you're ugly at him. I mean really gross. I don't want to like deflate your ego but you are fat
faced and ugly. You make fat Chris look like Steven Strait. How do you like that Chris? Well,
maybe you could like take your picture next to Adam Osmak. So when's guilty leaving?
The beast to be on tonight from A211 for DA who was on this morning for a rock solid. Go. Go
and ask. Don't ask. Niels half price deals are the hit of the town and again this week we got a
good one back for us starting Thursday and noon. You can buy $50 certificates for just 25 bucks
to Dan Marino's restaurant South Miami's home of first class dining entertainment. In
event of recipes, a cosmopolitan decor, seasoned staff and a full time chef ensure that an afternoon
or evening of Dan Marino's will be a really memorable one. And like Danny Boy himself Dan Marino's
is dedicated to giving their guests a legendary experience. During football games, Marino's has
got great beer specials just $3 draft imports. If you're looking for a place for your holiday party
larger small, Dan Marino's going to accommodate your group. Give him a call at 305-665-1315 located
at the shops of sunset in South Miami. It's Dan Marino's restaurant. This Thursday at noon go to
wqm.com and buy $50 certificates and have price just 25 bucks.
Here I come.
Excuse me sir. I'm with 560 WQAM. I'd like to know are you a sport-hole?
Get them right I am. What's your opinion? I mean what's your take? On the recent changes at WQAM.
Well I'm glad that old Fag has gone because I want to hear sports all day. You know just real
men talking all day about Dan. Now I know they got that Cuban filler. He's filling in but he talks too
much about women you know. He's a straight guy but I want to hear other men, old girl, other men's
firm butts and tightly-guys. Well that's what sports is all about buddy.
The kind of man I'd like to hold. Give me all sports radio for the man.
1217 at 560 WQAM. The emails are are trickling in and they get dumber and dumber. Okay. Dumber and
dumber and dumber. Let me read to the dumbest one of these three from Bill. Can't vote on your
pool today because I'm not gay gay gay I never have been gay. Happy birthday George.
His bill. Thanks Bill. But he can't vote on the pool because he's not gay like Larry Craig.
Is that pathetic or what? Whatever.
Can't vote on your pool today because I'm not gay. So I can't identify a good looking guy.
I think a lot of you guys are intimidated by good looking guys. I think that. Oh geez.
I sure wish I could look like that but they're not going to say that I will out you know.
449 votes on the pool and I'm not looking for additions for additional for for example here's one
from Rudy. This gentleman might not be in the young age bracket but he certainly has handsome and
very masculine. He's either from a Scotland or Wales an actor by the name of Gerald Butler.
You ever hear Gerald Butler?
Gerald Butler perhaps. Well it says Gerald here.
Gerald.
You ever heard Gerald?
I beg your pardon? He's been in one of the Laura Kraft movies PSI Love You and the most famous
of the model role of Leonita Leonidas in 300. Check him out.
Leonites. Leonites? Yes. Maybe he spelled that wrong too.
G-E-R-A-R-D? He's got Gerald. So Rudy's got some obvious breaths.
Not like Gerard. First of all the poll question isn't about who might I like?
Okay. Rudy should change it.
And here's what it says two guys that would be leaving your poll.
David Beckham and Ryan Philippi are hot and I'm not even gay it says. Well congratulations.
We shouldn't have Ryan Philippi on here because I was always old about him but David Beckham I don't
care about him. Don't you understand? I mean if you want to put a soccer player put on
Cristiano Ronaldo if you must. You want to put him on there Cristiano Ronaldo?
Sure. And put him on Ron and Philippi.
Never see Ryan Philippi. Not lately.
So the guy can't even get the name right Gerard. Oh here here we go.
The fake Greg Vidal is back. Scott Greenstein present and cheap content officer,
Sirius XM Radio is interested in having you and Phil Henry do a weekly show together in
yard 101. Not interested. Friday morning six to 10 a.m. What do you think? No.
We've been listening to air checks of you and Phil from WIOD. He just heard one of you and
Phil together. Phil was doing Margaret and you were doing an impression of an old Jewish lady.
It killed you guys are great. Listening to Phil doing the Vic Prel Radio psychic hour right now
and we're in stitches. Well that's great. Too bad you didn't offer anybody any money.
Scott Greenstein. I wonder how much money he's ripping out of that place. You know all the they
don't pay the town anything. That's why Bubba is getting out. Here's one that says you're oh
they're getting the same guy with the 85 letters G H X Y Z K P. Your brain is apparently off
today based on the statement about Europe. You think people in France, Germany,
etc would have wanted to live in a hot human room so much so that they would invade it?
Well what does that mean? If his point about the climate is what he's talking about,
Northern Europe is colder than crap okay? And snow and you're not since about the population
in Bradbury simply old. It shows how out of touch you are. Actually the median agent South
Fort has been rapidly dropping and contrast in northern cities where the median agent has been
steadily rising. The Miami Metro area now has a lower median agent and most others and is the
only MSA where it's actually dropping. Well how could it go up when it was death plus 10?
It's pointless arguing with you because you're a stubborn crusty old cramajon with a microphone
but any neutral observer would tell you you're totally off and then he's got a thing here from
the star.com Toronto star. Senior citizens make up 11.9% of the population who live in and around
Toronto. A larger population than five years ago. Yadi yadi yadi. You know something I don't go
nice people like I've always said and regardless of age the people here are a hell of a lot more
civilized and friendly and decent and humane than the barbarians in South Florida. So you can
keep trying to pedal all your statistics so all you want. I know it. I can smell it. I can feel it.
I can touch it. Yeah fat. It's all yours. Here's Jim and Miami shores who says don't shut
down your stock market reports for those of us on the road every day. They're interesting if not
shattering. Also could you include the oil futures prices? No. I could just put on B&N and
read all the numbers all day. You know that old guy? Oh yeah. He's mailing it in with the numbers.
All we get from you is numbers. Oil January 4377. Somebody was telling me the other day oil they
think is going to go down to like 25 bucks a barrel and gas down to a dollar a gallon. You hear that?
Yep. Fill it up. Now that they've destroyed the entire economy, fill it up. Oh the TSEX is
up 402 points. Wow. There you go. Well, who the hell cares about that? Remember that email from
Friday? Yep. If you don't like what I talk about, go away. Go away. Don't bitch. Don't
bark at your own. Don't go anywhere. That's right. That was up to 71 as the XF 53.
And wait till we see the loony. The loony's having around 80 cents which is not good. It was down
to 77. 77, which I liked. That's a okay 80 cents. That's like a 20% premium on the American dollar
79. 55. Nice. Nice. Sweet. 79. 55. So there you go, Mr. Restock Market, man.
Now the fake Barry Jack asked earlier before he started sending me all this crap.
Talkers magazine comes out with their list of the 250 most important talk host in America.
Talkers magazine highlighted by the top 100 of which I've dropped to number 76.
I used to be number 15. Then I forget what it was last time. Now I'm number 76.
Phil Henry is 79. Are you sure? How can that be? And you ought to see the people above us.
People who are syndicated, you know, people with the big names, Martha Stewart, people like that.
Yeah. Here's the pull result of all the guys. Neil thinks it's hot. Who do you actually think is
pretty good looking at unless you're gay. Don't vote on this because it might make you gay.
If you vote on the pool and you're heterosexual, all of a sudden you'll turn gay immediately
and you'll start looking at naked pictures of guys. Johnny Depp 185, Tom Brady, 128,
Brady Quinn, 72. Hey, Brady. You fairy. Luis Miguel, 24. Luis. You fairy. Just him in
cartany 12, you're great. You're more size 11, Matt Castle, 10, Matt's getting a short change there,
I think. Maybe they don't like that little pointy nosies guy, you know? Or maybe they're just jealous
of the fact that the Patriots want to get in yesterday against the little girls team.
Even African all they already are playing like with half a deck and all those additional injuries
they suffered yesterday. Even Chris couldn't believe that. Oh, I heard there was a bunch of
judges. I wonder who it was. Yeah. Everybody. The whole team is injured. Even Bella checks her
supporting a sore one. Brady Moore size 11, Matt Castle, 10. Rocky, Etch, River, and Stephen,
Bauer, seven. Joey Jonas, six. Stephen, straight four and none yet for Cristiano Ronaldo, spelled
wrong. And Ryan Philippi is none. You've got Christian, Renaldo. How's it supposed to be? So
that's how I found it. That's how you found it. Yep. Cristiano Ronaldo. No, why? Maybe maybe I'm
wrong. I don't know. I don't think so. I'll look again. Look again. Look it up. Google it. Squeeze it.
Now up to 57. Tim and Miami says my related happy birthday wishes to George. Yeah,
what is the happy birthday stuff for George? Huh? Huh? Where is it? Where is it? I got already
yeah, you got it. All right. You got what you're going to get, which is nothing. Hey, you're correct.
It's no why. Christ. I listen. I know Christian. I know, Renaldo. Okay. And I don't care.
I said to hear about Christian's conversion to part time. I'm sure they will abuse him by
scheduling odd hours. It says quick technical question for George. If I attach a photo on my end,
there's a automatically getting certain to the message as out on outlooker expressed. Thanks for
the great choices. Tim and Miami. Generally speaking, yes. Generally speaking, whatever that means.
It ought to, but you know how that is. Yeah, it'll do what it does. It'll do whatever it's going to do.
Give it a shot. The best. I know. I actually leave work.
I'm 560 QAM. I think for its leader.
Hello.
D-K-Y-S-G-K-S.
Good morning. They saw it. Where may I help you? Hello. Hello.
Good morning. They saw it. Where may I help you? Hello. I'm Mr. Ray.
You're Mr. Ed? I'm Mr. Ray. Yes, Mr. Ed. This is a hardware. How can I help? Hello. Hello. I'm Mr. Ray.
This is a hardware. Did you need to speak to someone? Hello. Yes, yes. I hear you, sir.
Hello. Hello. I'm Mr. Ray. Okay. Mr. Ed, listen to me for a minute. My name is Bill. This is a
hardware. Hello. Hello. Sir, so you're going to have to call back? I'm Mr. Ray. Yeah, I understand,
Mr. Ed. You got to call back. You got a bad connection. Okay, Mr. Ed? Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello.
Goodbye. 1231 at 560 W-D-Q-A-M. We're going to have a real big surprise for you for the new year.
Waiting. Why not? Well, it's a surprise. Oh, I see. You're not going to see.
You're going to see. I'm going to be a surprise if I toy to them. Right.
Ray, he says so many straight guys are insecure idiots. Absolutely correct.
Ma'am. George tried to get Cortis to identify one good looking guy or even admit he knew when a guy
was hot or not and Cortis was wildly resistant. I'm straight. I can't tell when guys are hot.
Wine, wine, whine, whine, whine. So George tried to phase it differently and finally got a
response when the question was not which guy do you think is hot, but which guy would you never
want your girlfriend to be alone with? Cortis admitted who he recognized his hot based on
some kind of macho jealousy issue and of course covered it up with a lot of masculine posturing
about how that doesn't prove anything. Another example of George's stellar investigative skills
says your friend. Thank you, Tracy. Also, I have to pretend that he was a producer for a movie or
a TV show having to cast, you know, the role of the leading man and the romantic interest for the
beautiful young woman. It's like who would you cast, you know, of people that you knew, you know,
somebody that looked like, what's his gay guy? Just even Cartney, you know, or Chris.
What do you mean gay guy? Just, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It just sounds that way.
His music is. Yeah. I don't mean gay in a homosexual way. I don't mean gay in a homosexual way.
Oh my god.
Yeah. And nothing I was done.
I was hoping there was a lot more to the story than we're killing at least another hour and 27 minutes.
Well, there's no items in this view. I'm looking now. I'm desperately looking around. I mean,
I've got a few here, but it's pretty grim and slim. Oh, here we go. This is from somebody who's in
the block category. Neal, do you want to know? I know one showed up for George's birthday appearance.
No one cared about George's birthday. That's where you go. Oh, this one's worth printing out. It's long.
Wow. How do you like this? I love it. From someone who's already blocked. So must be a real jagged ass.
Takes a lot for me to block. And I'll load. There's a whole bunch of blocked people.
But that's because like you say, what were the two words again?
Complain and critique. Complain and critique. Very good.
It's the near Rogers complaining critique line. Just keep. Why? Why? Why? And why don't you do this? Why don't you do that?
You're wrong about this. You made a mistake. Why? Why don't you go to serious?
My response to that is why don't you go to hell? That's my response, including you fake Greg B.
Dell and all your uh, Juboi friends up there. It's serious. I didn't know Greg B. Dell was Jewish. Did you?
Cox a hoist Greg. It says you want to know why no one showed up for um,
George's birthday appearance. No one cared about George's birthday. That's why.
Still it says Schmidt. There are damn few of us in the audience who care about George or you period.
Following that line of thought, why would you be surprised? You don't care about
about either of you anymore since you're a parent conversion to Canadianism and the
nouns to the world where you sound for millions are no longer worthy of you even living among us.
Even though you still seem to feel free to suck out your living right out of our collective
rectums. But obviously this person is still listening though even with all the hostility. Right.
Times have changed in South Florida since you left it especially since 9-11.
Many people have only time to focus on real Americans, you know? Oh yeah, real Americans
like John McCain and Sarah Pellan. And for as for those in the WQM senior management ignoring you when
they went to Toronto for the dolphin game, that's just effing hysterical as if it was a surprise
of course. Now you can start to know at least a little just how we felt after you stiff this down
here by moving to Canada yesterday's news guy. So I guess that misery loves company and if I don't
live there in South Florida, midst all these miserable people like this jackass, therefore I'm doing
something evil. One can only guess the laws governing pedophilia offenses must be more liberal in
Canada. No, they are not Oliver. No, they are not. And pedophiles aren't attracted to 18 and 19
and 20 year olds. They are attracted to children like maybe you're priest, maybe father, father
tool. Just bitter nasty rotten hate. We don't care about you. We don't care about George. You're
up pentafired. You're up pervert. You're a man. Yeah, that's right. Thanks for your love from
South Florida. God. Oh, Dr. Raul, I'm going to block him. I can't take him anymore.
Dr. Raul, Obama's looks. Now I'm not interested, Dr. Raul, I'm blocking you. You're just
crying. You never have anything to say. You're boring. You're pondress. Oh, Jim DeFetus is on here.
I think it's the real Jim DeFetus, don't you? Or is it the make believe him to feed him? Oh, I don't
know. But you don't believe in anybody. Right. So just because I'm ugly as sin does that mean I'm
blocked or you hate me or what? So is that I don't hate you? You're not blocked. You don't have to be,
I mean, I don't look at the pictures of the people that send the emails. No, do I care?
Just relax. My God, Jesus. God, all my, these people, they keep saying, I need help. You need help.
You need serious help. I have no life. God. Wow. Does that mean he's blocked or I hate him?
He sounds like a red beetle, the real Greg beetle. Everybody hates me. Why does everybody get me
because they do. They just do Greg. Brandus says at one time he were addicted to Andy Rodd or
attracted to Andy Roddick. Well, he gets ugly, receive ages. I vote for Roger Federer, who's also
a tennis player and hot. What do you think? I think Roger Federer is ugly as my ass. Andy Roddick
used to be okay, but not he's not in the same category. Okay. He votes for Roger Federer,
meaning that he desperately needs new eyeglasses. He needs something. Jim DeFeedis is Bubba,
speaking of Bubba to Loves Punch, has always been one of those one market wonders who
feel some little niche in that market in Bubba's case Tampa. But any attempt to expand beyond that
market fails and the force to count into a crawl back to that market, looking their wounds.
We all knew Bubba was just going to be filler and Howard's channel, sure he may have
won a handful of listeners, but not enough to justify his existence on satellite. He's right about
serious, now serious, accepting poorly managed, but had out any more support on their part for
Bubba would have made a difference anyway. Bubba show is still, as one person put it, a bunch of
hillbillies from Tampa, that nobody listens to, and that's ultimately why he fails. And no
amount of finger pointing or threats to beat people up on his part is going to change that.
In fact, it only makes things worse for him, threatening to kick open Anthony's asses,
it's just going to make him look even more like the meathead hillbillie that never got past
the fourth grade that he is. Yeah, those Tampa wonders, man, like Ron and Ron, for example,
they were really, they were really something. Remember those days the Ron and Ron show?
Oh, yeah. Thinking they were doing a TV show on radio with a bunch of skanky hookers running
around almost naked all over the hallway, it was just, and then what's his name with the Dreadlocks?
Yeah, Ron Bennington. Ron Bennington with the Dreadlocks. Oh my god. The Dreadful Dreadlocks.
Joe Pesci Jr. with Dreadlocks. Yeah.
For 82 on the pull, our goal is 500. Because we know that only the real pansies out there are going
to vote on this pool. Ryan Filipi finally got one. Take a look at it. The best talent.
You're busy, you're not just supporting your 5.60 QAM. The fourth leader.
Floridians, dumb as dirt. Oh god, don't go in there. You hear my stomach, my boy?
Oh, it's my boy. I can't look back, I'm at it.
People heading home from work. Late one night, when they fall, they're fine,
on the fast food light. They pulled in and gave their order to the girl,
and the next thing you know, they started to earn. And so go, go.
There's some extra bloat. King, go help. A burning inside their throat. It had a smell.
That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well. From the bean burrito,
it's most of in the curse, the case of the art. It's causing all of this diarrhea.
But none of the sick are going to die. They've just got a bad case of e-colon.
From Taco Bell. Reps?
Comics started to blow. It's not go help. A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell. That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito, it should have skipped the damn Chalupa.
You might not have made but super. Next time you pass the signs, they know.
Even though it's grilled, so it's good to go. Lots of people got sick and wish that they
undergone, so they could hunt down the people who think outside the bomb.
The pain from the crams, they felt deep in their gut. So next time they'll just go to pizza.
Not Taco Bell. There's some extra bloat. From Taco Bell. A burning inside their throat.
It had a smell. That's when they started to blow. Not feeling well.
From the bean burrito.
From 45 to 5. 60 to 2. We got the big ol' it too.
What's up? If he's still up to it, if he's feeling it,
he's feeling it. Feel something. So speaking of that, here's Stuart Nobslober, your
gay brother in Christ. It says, hey, you sexy old Jew. Hi, sweetie. Your old friend, Mr. Nobslober
here. Two things I wanted to point out to you. The first is, I was at a favorite, our
favorite world of manners. Hi, to way. Yesterday evening, Ramrods sipping a bubble gum martini.
I went to the bathroom to engage in some toe tapping and saw a picture of fat Chris
taped to the stall wall. Below the picture was a phone number and a sign that said,
call this slide for the ass pounding of a lifetime. I got a little excited about the picture and
decided to take it home with me. The other thing I wanted to point out to you was how you can
improve your show. First thing is, Neil, we need to get more about how you use to cruise A1A
in the 80s, fishing for some hot young Latin tail. I believe the audience would be interested
in hearing about the gay establishments to patronize when you live in South Florida, Neil.
There are some of us who would like to polish some knobs in Dave County and need to know where to go.
I love you, Neil. I'll be in Toronto for the new year. We'll be happy to come over to your
apartment and polish you and poppaco's knob for a low price. Let me know. Sincerely, your gay brother
in Christ steward, knob slumber, El Paso Stewie, or at least that wasn't we hate you. We don't care
about you or George or Chris, we hate, we hate, we hate. Yeah, you guys stay there. I'll stay here.
Oh, you've got some nerve. Not staying here and sharing our misery and our hate. Too bad.
491 vote on the pool of all the guys, Neil thinks is hot. Who do you think is actually
pretty good looking Johnny, depot 97, Tom Brady, 137, Brady Quinn, 77. Luis Miguel, 26,
Jesse McCartney, 14, Brady, more size, 12. Matt Castle, he's only got 10. Rocky,
yet to Maria, Stephen, Bauer, seven, Joey, Jonah, six, Stephen, straight, only four, Ryan,
and Philippi, one and Kristiano Ronaldo still spelled wrong. None. No, should we spelled right?
Huh? Should we spelled right? Ariane, yeah, spelled right. But his name is Kristiano, not Christian.
I mean, if you want to anglicize it, it's Christian. His name is Kristiano, see our IST I and O. Oh, my gosh.
What? I don't know. Well, that's his name. And I've been saying Kristiano and you keep writing Christian.
What the hell is wrong from you?
I hear it's a cute poll. One thing I hope to get for Christmas.
Have we done that a million times? Yeah. I don't like it. You're the way George said that.
I just deleted it. Got a real big plan that I'm formulating in my mind right now as I sit here today.
Yeah, you cook it something up. I'm cooking it. Yeah. I'm going to make me a cheeseburger for lunch.
Okay. James says, don't you think at least you could do is let Chris put up the story so we could
get a check instead of that lazy slob Josh. Chris needs to buy food and maybe deodorant. Josh just
gambles and drinks it away. Come on, you don't you remember when you were a young fat slob? Do the right
thing is that Paco is voicing the WhatsApp dog bit when the lady says, what do you want? I'm busy.
No, but he's busy. He's busy. You are the best. You make me laugh out loud every day. I've been listening since
81 when my Nana told me to come listen to this Miss Sugana and no matter what fat ass jolly Joe tries to
do to ruin your show. I'll still be out here listening. Says Jim. Well, thanks Jim.
And I do remember when I was a young fat slob and I went old fat slob. So there you go.
No, I don't I don't know how we're going to do that with a story. Do you want to do the stories? Sure.
And I just sent courtists that check too. Yep. We'll see what happens when the new year comes.
You know what I mean? I don't think you do. We'll see. Here's one that says I've been listening
follow of yours for 25 years and truly wonder if you realize what a comedic comedic gene is you are.
Oh, yeah, I'm a panic. Your perspective on life while the time is very cynical, paints an accurate
portrayal of what a slaughterhouse the world we really live in really is. Your most poignant comment
terries on the following issues are right on target. Those issues include one stock market and
those a holes like Jim Kramer and Maria Barthoromo who are horse for it to the right wing three no
talent frauds who parade on the year like Jimmy Cifilis, Phil Sims, Shannon Sharp, etc. Four Wayne
High Pinga and his type and five, the hostile blue hairs and Julio's that runs out for it says
fixed, but I'm not going to read that. Okay. And six, the pigs who tear rise innocent drivers with
speed traps. Lastly, the only man in the world who rivaled your intellect and humor was George
Carlin. Please stay healthy and keep yapping. And thanks for helping me understand how the world
really works. Signed nobody. And that's sweet. It is. Well, it's one of the non-hostile ones. I haven't
had too many of those today. Not too many non-hostile emails. They're all mouth-breathing hate mongers.
You left us. You abandoned us and you have a nerve. You have the freaking nerve. Yeah,
it cost you a lot to listen to the show. The price is right. Here's one, the chronic from lutes. Why do
you always talk crap about Tampa? You didn't last long long on the sun. Yeah, that was the perfect
market for me. Bubba's going to go down to Miami and beat you. Well, first of all, Bubba's on
6 to 10 in the morning, eating on a midday. So he's not going to beat anybody on a midday,
including me. Why don't you drive up in your green Corvette and we'll give you a welcome. Yeah,
fake, fake chronic from lutes. Very, very weak, very weak. Oh my god, trying to resurrect. Yeah,
we did really good on SUN. That was destined to fail before it started.
Let's go back on the air in Key West and that station with the tower laying down on the side. That
was good. They put you on a hot mark. They put you on all the hot mark. Yeah, Key West and Tampa.
Key West on the station. And nobody can hear almost like they were trying to talk themselves into
something. You know, what do you mean? That nail Rogers. He ain't going to work on any of the
markets. Let's put him on in Key West and in Tampa just to prove ourselves right. Yeah,
in Key West and with the tower on the ground, right in the water. But that was to give me practice for
working on a station with a bad signal and look how it paid off now. Like that. You're going to
miss that someday. Not every show where you hear like that. Of course, if I stop talking now here
that all day too. Got a couple of deaths. Couple of deaths. Helmer Valentine. Who?
co-founder of the whiskey a go-go legendary live rock showcase on Sunset Strip in West Hollywood.
That gave birth to the go-go dancer phenomenon of the 1960s. His died. He was 85.
Valentine who also founded the Roxy Theatre in the early 70s died Wednesday at his home in studio
city after suffering from various ailments last four years said music. Mogell Lou Adler,
his longtime friend and business partner. A former Chicago cop who arrived in early 1960.
Valentine was co-owner of PJs of successful West Hollywood restaurant nightclub when he sold his
interest and took a trip to Europe in 1963. While in Paris, he visited disco was so impressed by
large enthusiastic crowd of young dancers. He decided to borrow the disco's name and start his
own club back home in LA. After lining up three partners, Valentine launched whiskey a go-go in
January 64. The club was an immediate hit with headliner Johnny Rivers attracting somebody
who studied sold out audiences. The birds, the doors, the kinks, the who, them,
love and buffalo springfield were willing to band to play there. Oh, and the whiskey was a mecha
guess who said that Rayman Zerick he bought us for the doors. Remember Rayman Zerick?
Hey, sorry, I'm holding my car guy. You what?
Talking to his car guy. All right. Oh, well don't let me interrupt your wasn't my book car guy.
No, he went over to the car and he fixed it and you know, and what do you say? How much?
100 bucks and changed. No, for quite a while. That check I said, well more than cover that.
Yes, it will. Thank God for me, man. That's right. Thank God. Thank you, God.
Yes, well done. Beverly Garland. Who? In a career spanning more than 50 years,
she moved from B movie cult, starred him, the scores of roles in TV, notably on my three sons.
She was Fred McMurray's wife on my three sons. She was 82.
Okay. She portrayed gutsy characters in movies such as Not of the Seerth and it conquered the world.
She was also involved and involved owner in her namesake Hotel in North Hollywood,
died Friday after a long illness, said her son-in-law, Packie Smith. I wonder if he's kind of fudge
Packie. Cute. In a career that's banned more than 50 years and began with a supporting role in the
50 film noir classic, D.O.A. Garland appeared in about 40 films and scores the TV shows.
Not only was he a terrific actress, he was one of those special gals who was fun to work with,
said Mike Connors, who appeared with Garland and director Roger Corman's little budget 55 film,
Swamp Women and later worked with her when she made guest appearances on TV Detective Series Manics.
She played the Fred McMurray's wife on my three sons. I don't even remember her.
I remember what's his name? Remember Rob? Do you? What's his name?
Oh, I agree. Okay, there you go.
Should put him on the list, but that's old news. Cristiano Ronaldo still spelled wrong out of
old. Finally, no items in this view on the emails. You think they possibly could be out of good old
fashion ha-
No, not.
Litt.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQAM.
It's the long to two hour.
I
Can't believe the language I hear on TV.
Every home the word is an obscenity.
It used to be the cable was a whole lot worse, but now the networks left their act as cursed.
There's no end in sight, so this is an obscenity.
All the dialogues and things prefer the T.
Wherein' like a sailor on a three day pass. Words are a whole lot worse than ads.
Correct them.
F-1, F-1, how will it be?
Before they drop the F-1 at Word TV.
F-1, F-1, there's no telling when.
They'll drop one on the U-T-L.
1-0-1 at 560 WQAM.
Happy Monday to the sirens are coming to take us away.
We got our over 500 votes. We can go home now.
See you later.
502 to be exact.
Christiana Ronaldo still got only one and still spelled wrong.
I want to fix it.
What?
I have to wait for Eric to fix it.
That's okay.
Christians are right.
Good Christian.
Here's one that says, go see the movie Bolt.
Excellent dog lover's movie.
You don't want to go see the movie Bolt.
PS Dolphin still suck.
What is the movie Bolt?
I never heard of it.
First of all, it's a cartoon.
Second of all, Bolt stars the voice of your favorite.
John Travolta.
Yeah.
That's it.
It wasn't bad.
It's a cartoon.
It's a cartoon.
It's a cartoon.
Why the hell would I want to see that?
I don't know, just because you like little, you know.
People.
Doesn't mean you like cartoons.
Little people.
Midgets.
I'm talking four.
Midgets.
Yeah.
Midgets.
Sure.
I don't know.
I'm freaking out and Joey Jonas again.
He's wearing that ring, man.
He's wearing a really tight thing.
Yeah.
Tell you.
So many lines.
I know.
Guess who's for sale?
I don't know.
The Harold.
Oh.
Want to buy a paper?
It says the only remaining thing of value said to be their
prime waterfront landed downtown.
I mean, right behind the QM tower.
Maybe if we could knock the Harold building down, maybe you know,
open up the way for our signal to get out a little bit better.
Like that.
The McClatchy Company burdened by debt and a steep slide in newspaper advertising
wants to sell one of its most prize properties.
The Miami Hero Decorator people briefed on the company's plans.
Or Clatchy, the nation's third largest newspaper chain
has approached potential buyers for the Harold said these people who asked
for anonymity because they weren't authorized to discuss the issue.
This is from the New York Times, by the way.
But they said they knew of no serious offers for the paper.
Reflecting the evaporation of major investors interest in buying newspapers.
You know, I was thinking about that this morning.
Why would anybody?
I mean, I buy, I like the Toronto star and even the right wing Toronto Sun.
Maybe a couple of times a week.
I used to buy it all the time.
But why do we buy newspapers when you can go online and everything is much more up
today?
Forgetting even about TV.
A lot of people like the feel of a newspaper.
I was up to 54.
They like the feel of a newspaper.
What on their?
I don't.
Yeah, maybe.
I do not see the toilet paper.
I don't like to get the black finger.
The company refused to discuss the matter.
Elaine Lintek on the treasure said we don't comment on market rumors.
The Harold is one of the largest McClatchy's 30
five third man daily papers with daily circulation of 210,000.
And arguably the most prestigious having 119 Pulitzer prizes.
But it's not clear what kind of bids it might fetch if any.
With newspaper profits rinking fast, the economy contracting credit tight.
Many newspapers have been on the block for months without selling.
Telling you man radio TV newspaper business all off source big big trouble.
Big trouble.
And of course, satellite radio too.
I'm serious.
The people breached on the company's plan say the hero generates a very slim operating margin.
And that the most attractive part of any deal could be its prime waterfront real estate.
But the Florida real estate market is in deep recession.
One of the reasons for the struggles of the paper which used to benefit from heavy real estate advertising.
The bid to sell the hero continues to fall out from McClatchy's 4.5
billion dollar purchase in 2006 of nightritter.
The newspaper chain that owned the Miami paper.
Larger is a result of that deal.
The company's got about two billion dollars in debt payments on which eat up much of its cash flow.
In other words, it blow.
Some Wall Street analysts warned at the time that McClatchy based in Sacramento had overpaid.
But even the.
Even they did not expect the Steve to plan a newspaper advertising that began months later and
is accelerated this year.
The drop has been most pronounced in Florida and California.
States where McClatchy's got a major presence.
Through the first 10 months of this year, the companies had revenue fell 14.7 parts in
another parts of the country and 22.5% in California and Florida.
McClatchy reported third quarter income of 4.2 million on 451.6 million dollars in revenue.
The company's stock price which topped 75 bucks a share in 2005 closed on Friday at $2.20
$2.20.
You ready for that?
All right.
Maybe we'll get a real newspaper in South Florida.
What do you think now?
I doubt it.
And of course the Sun Central prints about 10 pages every day now.
Eight pages of which are ads.
And then there's the front page of the front section and the front page of any other section
which you can't tell them apart anyway.
Outlook expressed the emails blank.
No items in his view.
Where is the love?
Huh?
Remember that?
Roberta Flack and Donnie Hathaway.
Where is the love?
That's a good song.
Don't play it.
That was at 247.
Where is the love?
Look at that.
Looking on the CNN.
This parent company has hired top dollar advisors to help plot its next move.
It was only about a year ago that real estate mogul Sam Zell
took the company private.
Chicago Tribune.
And $2.20 plus billion buyout.
Cold blooded murderers.
On shaky ground, the Tribune which owns the Sun Central of course.
How do you like that?
Shaky ground.
One of these days soon there'll be no TV stations, no radio stations, no newspapers,
no magazines.
No kidding.
No kidding.
We got real tourists man.
And we got nothing on the inbox.
No email.
Neil at NearRodgers.com.
Last plea for emails otherwise I'm going to the phone.
And you know what that means don't you?
I'm your friend.
I'm your friend.
Well they got nobody to blame but themselves man.
It's free.
But just like the thing on the with the phone they got
nothing to say there and they have nothing to say in the email.
Even after we get verbally attacked and humiliated and degraded by a series of lunatics
who refuse to shut it off.
We're just out there to like and it's probably coming from inside the building you know.
Probably from jolly joe.
He's probably got somebody new on the payroll that he replaced Allison with
who just whose job is to just sit there between 10 and 2 and write a hate mail.
When you think?
Yeah.
I wouldn't put it past that fat ace effort.
Fat ace.
Why come fat ace?
Yeah.
An ace.
Fat and that's combination of face and ass.
That's an ace in the hole.
Yeah that's right.
Ace with a big hole.
Right.
That's jolly joe.
White planes New York and attempt to make history more interesting turn to ugly
when a white seventh grade teacher used black students to in live in a discussion about slavery.
You hear this story?
Nope.
Sick.
The social studies teacher bound the hands and feet of two black girls only one of whom volunteered
and had them crawl under a desk to illustrate the conditions on slave ships.
The incident sparked outrage among parental co-residents and the local chapter of the NWACP.
I thought she was insane said Christine Shandt mother of one of the girls.
I mean in this day and age you don't do stuff like that.
There's other ways to demonstrate slavery.
The teacher Eileen Bernstein.
Oi.
Has apologized for actions at hevers straw middle school where she continues to work.
Strat asked that Bernstein be removed from her class because her daughter is afraid to return to
school but school officials have made no comment about what if any disciplinary actions are being
taken against Bernstein.
Wilbur Aldrich original NWACP director met with Bernstein on Thursday.
There's nothing wrong with lessons on slavery.
It was that particular choice of a demonstration that put it into the category of bizarre he said.
I don't care what color nobody should be from the position of having their hands and feet bound.
After the meeting Aldrich said he was disappointed that Bernstein wasn't more remorseful.
She said she apologized for causing any problems for the trial but she wasn't apologizing for using that
simulation during the class Aldrich said.
I wonder if he's getting to Henry Aldrich Henry Henry Aldrich remember that I do you do.
No, he's yesterday.
That's way before your time.
Sponsored by Joe O'Pudding I think long before Bill Cosford not look.
Oh my god I'm losing it in my old age that was up to 51 long before Bill Cosby tainted the brand.
Poor Bill Cosford man that was shocking you know what.
He was like 30 something one like 38.
At least.
Well seriously he was a young guy and he had that.
He was a very young guy.
Croaked right fell right over.
John said I just wanted to give you some positive feedback about one of the spots you're running.
JC White installed tens of tens of thousands of dollars on new furniture and our new facility here
West Palm.
If they're listening nice job of new fire rescue headquarters they did an amazing job it couldn't
have turned out better.
I'm sad to hear that Tubby is going to be left go I think they show it's been more enjoyable
with the third man Pippetman and if it doesn't make sense then it must be the beastly F and way.
How about a pull regarding what's your take on letting go effect Chris I say keep well
like the polls going to make a difference.
Yeah no.
Yeah well what's the point of that.
Talk about a useless exercise hope you're well into your south Florida still sex more than ever
Always listening O'John and Lake Worth thanks John.
Look at this speaking of what we're just talking about the newspapers south Florida Sun
Central Tribune company consults bankruptcy advisors oh boy how do you like them apples huh.
Pretty soon no hero no Sun Central maybe we can
look back to Hollywood the sun Tatler remember that yeah that's before that's before
your time in Hollywood I heard tell I heard Tatler.
No Pusil animus pussy but what is wrong with you people what is wrong if I remember you
used to like Alexander Dayg especially when he was on the center there's no I did not.
I remember seeing a photo of him a few years ago he was playing in Switzerland look pretty good
well great there's a lot of guys that look pretty good they're not going to be on the pull
Oh I'm really disappointed in P.P.
Enjoy chili Toronto.
Yeah I'm enjoying it.
Barry McCartner says I'm no homo but David Beckham makes my heart flutter.
You can have David Beckham out they Cristiano Ronaldo any day.
David Beckham what's he making like 80 trillion dollars a year something like that for
playing stupid soccer.
About ball with a U and an O.
What kind of crap is that.
511 votes on fact Chris is full if we can make it to like 525 today it'll be a worthwhile time coming in
if not forget about it.
I think the big O is you can show them out.
This is no Roger.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It's the biggest names the best talent it's the mad dog.
Yeah man it's Japanese.
Sport Radio 560 QAM.
The sports.
The sports.
The leader.
One of mommy's hot little boy.
Well I just stayed a big O.
Pico's steak it was a big mistake.
Cause now I think I have my cow disease.
I ate the lemon young.
Now my brain is gone.
It'll be the death of me.
Bovine sponge your form and death for life but they.
Once beef made me glad.
So glad.
Now I'm going mad.
This tape that we've all show it.
It's gonna be my own doing too late to be a vegetarian.
Tainted beef.
Tainted beef.
Tainted beef.
Tainted beef.
Don't be frying tainted beef.
You'll be dying tainted beef.
Tainted beef.
Once 17 and 560 WQM happy Monday to it and spread the fact that a lot of you seem to be real unhappy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What is wrong with them?
They live here.
Is that it?
You positive?
Lissette says I just want to tell you your Polo's grave but it's hard to choose one guy.
Just one.
There are a number of guys on there who are hot as hell.
I would agree with that because I have excellent taste.
I voted for Johnny Depp ultimately but probably would have voted for
Cristiano Ronaldo if he'd been on there when I voted.
I'm a huge soccer fan.
He's the hottest thing in soccer since Beckham.
The reason for my emails I was listening to your show last week is always when you mentioned
that James Brown on sports talks is Shannon Sharif's name at Shannon.
I laughed at the time because I watched that show all the time.
I never realized it.
I was watching the halftime show in the dolphin game and Sharif Schmidt.
He said Shannon just that way.
Shannon.
Shannon.
It's a hip and cool and artsy fartsy and stupid and dumb.
My husband and I were cracking up thinking of you.
Any way I love to show Kiva.
Lissette.
Thanks Lissette.
A real honest to God email from a living and breathing person without hostility and hate and criticism.
And what's the other thing?
Criticates and critiques.
What is it?
Complaints and complaints.
Complaints no complaint no critique.
BAM BAM BAM.
BAM.
No items in this view boy it is slim and grim today.
But we do have 550 votes and Christiana Ronaldo finally got one.
And it's still spelled wrong but that's okay nice try Eric.
Why out?
It's now spelled still wrong.
Yeah there's no age in Christiana.
Oh my gosh.
I don't let me let me look now let me just I'll check now.
Outlook.
Outlook.
Like I said there's no age at CRIS.
I have a right.
Leave me I know his craft man.
I know his stuff.
Here's the ultimate Christiana Ronaldo fan side about it's got some nice naked pictures on there.
Oh that's a bad picture.
Well if he looked like that I'd take him off the pole right away.
That's a horrible picture.
Oh here's one it says photo for girls.
Well that includes me.
Oh all these shirtless pictures of Christiana Ronaldo for girls it says.
Do I count?
Yes you do.
Oh yeah.
Look at that.
Woo now there's a real man for you okay.
There is a real man Christiana Ronaldo.
I know most of you guys aren't looking for a real man but I'm not sure if you guys are looking for a real man.
But he's got the two votes now that I got his naked picture on there.
Well we don't have it on there but that was up to 21.
It's it's hovering you know it's holding it's hanging around.
Some sentinel parent tribune company is working with bankruptcy advisors at investment bank lasard and law firm Sydney Austin to wait financial options including a possible restructuring for the heavily leveraged media company sources said yesterday.
It's an uncertain and difficult environment tribune company spokesman Gary Whitesman said last night.
We haven't made any decision we're looking at all of our options.
Nice going Randy Michaels they brought in Randy and his partners in crime and they're putting them out of business.
Tribune company's been struggling under a 13 billion dollar debt load since real estate magnet Sam Zell sold the term to company privatized December and an 8.2 billion dollar leverage buyout.
The company faces a monetary deadline of 70 million dollars of insecure debt it took on before Zell's deal.
Sources said tribune companies got cash could draw an existing line of credit with its senior lenders to pay today's bill but the sources said the company was undecidedly yesterday as whether it made sense or if the company be better off negotiating with senior lenders to restructure its debt.
Tribune company hasn't been immune to industry wide declines and advertising revenue and its cash flow has eroded since the deal was done.
Enlist has said the sale of the Chicago Cubs baseball team by the end of this year is critical to keeping Tribune company within its existing debt covenants which prohibit borrowing more than nine times its earnings before interest depreciation and amortization.
But even a potential windfall of a Cubs sale might provide only temporary relief if the Tribune company and its advertisers continue to drag down by the current economic crisis which is compounded the effects of split or audiences from media companies.
This is why Tribune company in the banks that made its loans city bank bank of America JP Morgan chase a mirror Lynch are discussing possible restructuring options.
They're off to us baby. I'm don't you when a freaking depression and everybody's talking all but a bit but a bit about who one dancing with the stars.
Who won Canadian Idol you know crap the world is obsessed with crap when the long sad history of the human race is finally written it'll be all about that.
That's right. Is there any doubt? Nope. Let me see if there's any crap on our.
Email your crap mail. I don't think so. Looking for crap mail. Oh there's one. Travis says no Frank Malzone or Don Hoke on the pole.
Oh yeah. What is wrong with you? Are you a crazy person or what? Frank Malzone and Don Hoke. Jesus God Almighty.
What is with these people are they if they lost it. The pressure put them over the edge. Nearly two pounds of still green plant material found in the 27 27 hundred.
A 10 year old grave in the goby desert has just been identified as the world's oldest marijuana stash according to a paper and latest issue of the journal of experimental botany.
A barrage of test proves that now you read that all the time. Every day religiously the journal of experimental reporting a barrage of test proves the marijuana possessed potent psychoactive properties and cast doubt on the theory that the ancients only grew the plan for hemp in order to make clothing.
They are apparently getting high to lead author Ethan Russo told discovery news that the marijuana is quite similar to what's grown today.
Like on a rickian suds like that on the weed you know what you call the weed. It was terrible. I mean now this we know from both the chemical analysis and genetics of produce THC.
He explained that no one could feel it's effects today due to the decomposition over the millennia George would like to try though that's right. I'll let you know to check some of this crap out.
Russo served as a visiting professor with the Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Botany while conducting the study. He and his international team analyzed the cannabis which was excavated at the Yanghai tombs in China.
It was found lightly pounded in the wooden bowl and leather basket near the head of a blue blue egg Caucasian man who died when he was about 45.
It would have been lightly pounded is basket was lightly pounded kind of like Joey Jonas.
This individual was buried with an unusual number of high value rare items. Russo said mentioning the objects included a makeup bag, bridles archery equipment and a kangoo harp KO NGO you Kangoo harp.
You know what that is? No I'm afraid I don't. The researchers find out the individual was a shaman from the Gushi people. Gushi who spoke a now extinct language called to charion that was similar to the traditional language.
The Celtic scientists originally thought even though the Boston Celtics.
Scientists originally thought the planet. The only grave is coriander but microscopic botanical analysis of the whole contents along with genetic testing. We veiled that it was cannabis.
They were smoking a big they were rolling it up in the Tibet news. So he's feeling congu again.
KO NGO you thank you. The size of seeds mixed in with leaves along with the color and other characteristics indicate the marijuana came from a cultivated strain before the very.
So I'm going to carefully picked out all the male plant parts which are less psychoactive so Russo and I believe there's a little doubt as to why the cannabis was grown.
What isn't questioned however is how the marijuana is administered since no pipes or other objects associated with smoking were found in the grave. Perhaps it was ingested orally Russo said it might have also been a few.
The H. and marijuana stashes now housed at Turpan Museum in China and the future Russo hopes to conduct further research at the angstriest side which has two thousand other tomb of a.
I bet you know how it is probably buried in there when surprise the biggest name is all the last.
This is your project.
Sport rate of 560 Q.A.M.
The fourth leader.
So that's the name of the fact talent.
It's the D.A. show.
Wing nights for me to 11 here on.
Sport rate of 560 Q.A.M.
The sports.
Show me yours I'll show you mine.
Yes.
I can still remember the day when he came into town.
I'm a starfish.
The Marlick Bird or As.
We thought he was degraded until we all got used.
I'm a monster.
And I'm a monster.
Who stops the wave?
You're fairly.
A copy of man and joys he seekin' fortune in the sun.
He started renting movies, section 4, all he had done.
Wing nights lands in two teams.
He's gonna face in the face.
Now we're the monsters.
Do I want them?
Who stops the wave?
I heard you write your say it.
How wings to walk in war?
I went to see the fansers.
We waited like the door.
Boy, she's the hundred you'd see the hand down.
But I can't find no fear.
I'll fall just till I want to.
Who stops the wave?
133-202-560 WDQM.
Seems like we've been here 100 hours today.
At least.
God, this has been a real exercise man.
Here's one from my Tony West Kendall, Beyond Chronic.
He says, I'm listening as I speak and I wish you're a happy birthday.
Many, many, many, more happy, healthy ones.
Thank you Tony.
I will miss Chris.
He was a nice addition to your program.
As always, your program today is excellent.
Happy holidays to you in the best of health.
PS, thank you for playing the Mr. Ed Skid, SKID.
Okay Tony.
Thank you Tony.
He's a nice Skid.
Yeah.
Thanks for playing the Skid.
I feel like we're on a Skid when you come right down to him.
I got Skid marks.
Laura says three things.
One, the reason no one showed up for Georgia is because he needs to have to do something in Miami, not in Broward.
I myself, what a gun, had it been in Dave County, I don't do Broward.
I thought that's where all our audience was, was in Broward.
Huh?
That's what I thought too.
Well, guess what?
Two, FYI, the Sun Sentles also for sale, which I just got through reading.
And three, love you and heal you our God.
As I stated before, if you're a fan, you're a fan.
You're remains with someone through to content.
And since I'm a fan, I would listen to you if you were come on here and just read the obituaries for the entire show.
PS did often still suck.
Thank you Laura.
See the lady, the ladies, which we don't have too many, but they have the decency to send us something nice.
You know, a little kissy kissy.
A little something, something.
But the guy, well, the guys are like put off today because of that faggy pool, you know.
Oh God.
That's right.
Well, that's Brandon's doing.
It wasn't my idea.
I thought it was okay.
What's wrong with it?
We got five of them.
It was okay.
What?
What?
We've had worse recently.
Oh, here's one suffering in Pembroke City.
Well, let me print it out from Hugh Kenones.
Kenones.
No speaking English, a key.
No speaking English.
541 votes on the pool while I'm waiting for that to print out.
And I'm not looking for any more names for it.
Some of you people are so freaking stupid.
God.
Well, here's a couple of names.
People I never heard of before.
Read the poll question.
I know that's asking a lot of all the guys.
Neil thinks is hot.
Not somebody Neil never heard of before or knows who they are.
Who do you think is actually pretty good looking?
541 vote.
Johnny Depp, 212, Tom Brady, 148.
They kicked the competition in the ass.
Brady Quinn, 86.
Luis Miguel, Salomente, 30.
Jesse McCartney's got 15.
I don't even know who the hell that is.
I'm glad I know now because I found some nice naked.
Well, not naked.
You know what I mean?
A shirtless pictures.
Okay.
Just amazing how many shirtless pictures there are of guys all over the internet.
And of course there's naked pictures too.
For all you perverts that send it to, oh, God.
At least I don't get that anymore.
Thank the Lord.
And now that I mentioned it, I probably will.
Right.
Guys, send them pictures of naked pictures with a long droopy penis.
And Brady more size 12, Matt Castle 12, Rocky, etcherrea, aka Steven Bauer, aka Kepa, USA 9.
What was that movie he was in?
It was pretty good.
The one that's been in a bunch.
The that's one you like.
Was that the one you talk about it often?
That was a damn good movie.
The I mean, it wasn't a big hit or anything, but it was good.
Joey Jonas has got six.
Cristiano Ronaldo, which has still spelled wrong.
It's our O-N-A-L-D-O, but nevertheless, at least you got the first name right.
We're getting it right eventually.
We're getting there.
He needs a lot of work.
And based on that naked picture I saw only minutes ago, I'd be having to give a lot of work.
Steven straight forward and Ryan Philippi only two.
Oh my God.
Reese Witherspoon dumped his ass.
544.
Now he's got three.
Ryan Philippi.
How do people do that?
Just change the way you pronounce.
Neil Rojé.
It's the Neil Rojé show.
You know, just change the way they pronounce their names.
I don't think he ever did.
Well, then a lot of people were called him Ryan Philippe.
Philippe.
Right.
You never were wrong?
Correct.
I see.
Anyway, Hugh says I was born and raised in South Florida.
I have lived in many of our cities down here.
Now I'm currently, and now KNOW.
I'm currently living in the city of Pember起ens.
I'm ready to let you know if they police abuse regarding the speed traps here.
We already know all about that, Hugh.
Believe me.
On a daily basis, they set up these traps and are usually manned by
M-A-N-D-E-D by up to 10 police officers.
If you want to refute them, refer to them as that.
No speaking English.
Here we are on the verge of economic collapse where one in ten households are in for closure
or heading in that direction.
Our leaders spend all this manpower money on such bullcrap.
I also live in the Pember起ens mall area, and on a weekly basis,
someone gets assaulted.
What are these clowns thinking about?
Let your listeners know to call City Hall and complain if they live in this backward
Neanderthal city.
Saludos, suffering in Pembroke City.
I thought he was in Pembroke Pines.
Is there really such a place as Pembroke City?
I don't know.
Well, that's all they've ever done there.
It's like on the ice.
That's right.
And Taft and then it's all he do is read the speed trap.
Pembroke Lakes and Pembroke Pines is nothing but a big, ugly speed trap.
Believe me, I know I live there.
I lived on Taft and Hyades.
And I took a Hyades from there, got to allow them.
Remember those days I lived by the tennis courts?
I don't remember those days.
Now that's before your time.
That's right.
Where was I working then?
I.N.Z.
Okay.
Yeah, must have been I.N.Z.
By the tennis courts.
Yeah, that's right, because Bill Carter lived like across the way in the same complex.
And we go to the track and I'd yell out,
Carter, Carter.
I don't know why I did that, just I guess because it was his name, you know.
I always got his attention.
Oh, here we go.
Based on this is good.
Brian says, based on what if Neal signs the deal with any of the pay satellite companies and leaves AM radio similar to what Howard did?
There aren't any of there's only one.
There's serious extent.
That's it.
Would you a gotten by a satellite radio being ever by satellite radio?
See, never listen to Neal ever again.
The still listening to Neal on satellite and still listening to AMFM, E, whatever else.
Whatever ELES, whatever Ellis.
Oh, God, they just can't stop with that serious crap.
It's not going to happen.
It ain't going to happen.
I'm not auditioning on the air.
I'm not interested.
They got no money.
They're going under and I already work for a bunch of losers.
New gun for seniors could be subsidized by Medicare.
Yeah, I saw that story.
A New Jersey company says they've gotten federal proof of the market of gun for the elderly.
Hope to have it subsidized by Medicare.
Well, that's good.
Good for them.
I mean, I got this to run the New York Times.
I'll get to that in a second.
And what's this one from Paul?
I told the wife the other day that I thought if I could choose, I'd like to look like Antonio Banderis.
They said he is not good looking.
What do you think of Antonio Banderis as Rick?
I agree with your wife.
He's ugly.
Antonio Banderis.
You agree?
Yeah, I just, I wish I had that name.
Yeah, it's a good, I have a Spanish name, you know, how about in a bad case.
Torio, Torio Banderis.
The best talent.
You know what, the young woman, who, Torio Banderis.
The best talent.
The best talent.
It's the big O or Land of Elzergary.
Afternoon.
Wonderful.
What's all the five six?
QAMM.
The sports leader.
In your opinion.
Yeah.
In your opinion.
In your opinion.
S U C K S.
Just in time for the holidays.
The most unusual Christmas album ever.
Ultra Winfrey burps the Christmas classics.
3.
3.
4.
6.
6.
6.
7.
10.
10.
11.
141.
141.
142.
142.
is evil and she's worth billions of dollars. How do you like that? Uh-huh. What's the
talent there? She got any talent? Can she sing? Can she act? Can she dance? Wow. Can she eat?
Oh yeah. Brenda says, I'm sorry to hear that you don't find Roger Federer very attractive.
Perhaps if you looked in a few videos made on you cube with him in different positions,
you might change your mind. I wouldn't care what position he was in. He's but ugly Brenda. He's
plus he kicks Andy Roderick's choking ass. It says spell CHO
CKING. Chocking ass. How could there be so many illiterate people out there?
You know the one thing about the emails is it's terrifying. Not just the content
of the spout and the grammar and the stuff. That's right if you thought people couldn't speak.
Just wait. Oh my god. He kicks Andy Roderick's choking ass.
It says Brenda. Well that may be but he's still ugly.
And if I had to choose between which of them looks pretty damn good, Andy's got it all over Roger.
Let me tell you that. Maybe Andy's been all over Roger. I don't know who that would want to be.
Roger Federer. Fae. Nasty looking. Gross.
What we talked about the Sun Sentinel and the Harold being of tourists, the New York Times
Company plans to borrow up to $225 million against its mid-man hat and headquarters building
to ease the potential cash flow squeeze as the company grapples with tighter credit and shrinking
profits. The company is a retained pushman in Wakefield, the real estate firm to act as its agent
to secure financing, either in the form of a mortgage or a sales lease back arrangement,
said James Folo, the Times Company's CEO, CFO. The Times Company which owns 58% of the 52
story one and a half million square foot tower on eighth Avenue, which was designed by the
architect Renzo Piano and completed the last year. The developer for a city rat in
her own is the rest of the building. The Times Company's portion of the building is currently
mortgaged and some investors are complained the company's got too much of its capital tied up in
that real estate. Standard and poor recently lowered its credit rating on the Times Company
below investment grade and Moody's Investor Service said it was considering a similar move
Times Company stock, which has lost more than half its value this year, closed Friday $7.64
down 30 cent. How do you like that? The Harold is up to us, the Sun Central and the
Tribute Company are up to us and the Freaking New York Times are up to us, even for those of you
who don't know what that means. They're in trouble. What happened to Steve Straits when he got
four votes? You know something, he should be the winner here by a million votes, but these guys
don't know and we don't have any women up. Don't know, don't care. Well obviously, I mean,
Brenda's all whipped up about, oh my god. Nasty tennis player. What else is name?
Roger Federer. See, you're not paying attention. I don't know if from tennis players.
They wonder they didn't come out and wish you had the birthday on Saturday. If you'd named
the sports figures name like 20 times in a row, I still wouldn't remember it. My brain
fiverr is a little bit more. Tom Muttala has he says, hate to be a schmuck, but I think your
thief cast reference was wrong. A great movie and a great soundtrack though. What does that mean?
So in other words, Stevie Bauer wasn't in thief. Well, we can look that up right now. Yeah.
Happy birthday, George. I'm 12663 and the only good thing about being sick as a dog is being
able to stay home and listen to his Tom and Tallahassee. I think your thief cast reference was wrong.
What does that mean? Or maybe it was called thief of hearts.
Is that what it was? I think you're right. Thief of hearts with Stephen Bauer.
Well, we made a mistake. James Conn. I think they're right. You're right. We're wrong. Sorry,
sorry, Tommy. Feel better. We made a mistake. We made a mistake.
Neil, now you can watch the NFL Networks and NFL Games on your sprint phone. When can we hear
the near Roger show on our phone? NASCAR will let you listen to the drivers during the race.
Get with it. Neil. Oh, yeah. Get with it. Like we got something to do with it. Yeah. Thief of hearts.
Thief of hearts told you. Yeah. Get with it. What's wrong with your technology with your crappy
signal when you're like a promotion and yada yada yada yada. Get with it. It's my fault.
All my fault. If the dog takes a big dump on the carpet, my fault. If grandma has wild diarrhea
all over the living room floor, my fault. If Jolly Joe Bell dumps all over QAM, which he already has,
I'm wondering about the highway. You know, I'm looking at the road.
I'm wondering about a drive to Woodbuy and I don't think so. You know what I don't like?
I'm not saying I don't like it. I'm afraid of it. I'm not afraid to drive, but I'm afraid of black
ice. Okay. You ever driven on black ice? Yes, I have. When you know that you don't really know for
sure. That's right. The road looks slick and it may look like drive pavement in one place.
That's right. It's ice and your life flashes before you're exactly correct. Sir,
John says, my choice today would be Johnny Depp. I'm a browered cop. I don't write tickets. Stop
giving the ticket writers a hard time. They're just doing what they're told to do. Well, that doesn't
mean the public is supposed to like it. Okay. That's right. They work for us. They're doing the public
is disgusted with it. Right. We're a lot of complain that they're supervisors to other
tacins that are writing tickets. Love the show. Have a great day. John. Listen, John, people don't want
speed traps. Okay. Believe me, having lived in plantation acres for a hundred years,
I know all about speed traps. Speed trap is a bunch of crap. And I mean, it's one thing to get dangerous
drivers off the road. That's great. But just fulfilling a quota, which they always lied about and
denied until finally finally some cops honest cops said, well, there is a quota.
Finally, the O'Reilly factors off the others. Anybody care off the radio? Oh, oh, oh,
and that's all he ever gotten this market. Oh, oh, yeah, the O'Reilly fact, the O'Reilly
no factors, what they called it in South Florida. He's giving up his popular radio program to vote
more time to TV. Wow. Maybe that's because it was like a bust. Although talk talkers magazine puts
his audience weekly at three and a half million, putting them in the national top 10. But a week
to boot, but about but in South Florida, he's got a point and never recracked anything. Never made
any kind of a way. Oh, never was a factor. Oh, which figures, of course, but nevertheless,
maybe he just has a face for radio. Yeah, or face for TV. I don't know what it is. It's those
Fox people. That's why he's successful on TV because those Fox noodniks, whatever the hell they put
on there, they're 24 or 7. I'm getting bad arthritis in my hand. You know what it's from it's from
the weather. Is it you get the the brisketis arthritis, whatever? No, you really don't. Rubits
doesn't take visual capsules every day and a half for years. And so I don't get, you know,
arthritis is the as the elite people say, arthritis.
You don't like Roger Federer. Well, there's more him for you, honey. I don't want to see him in any
position. I don't want to see him clothe. I don't want to see him naked. And, for honest with you,
thanks to Brandon for Jesse McCartney. Maybe Jesse will come knocking on my door to a clock. We'll
have a little lunch. What was the Jonas Brothers say? Screw the Jonas Brothers. Okay. Well,
I've phony baloney with abstinence rings and this ring and that thing put your thing around my ring.
Okay. Joe, Joe, the Jonas Brothers. Now, wonder they knock Fed Chris off the show once he discovered
the Jonas Brothers. That was the end of him. Once you inflicted him on the rest of us, I think at
two o'clock is going to be a real good time to do a big choice. Yeah, get it all on my system.
And you raise a good point once we lose, fat Chris. It's just me and George. You know, George is
always every now and then vanishing. That's right. Running away to do a runaway
choice. You're the one that's got that all under the side. I'm coming to get jolly Joe now.
Coming after you, fat ass. You don't have to lose it. Push it.
Unitec. Fourth leader. Yeah. Yeah. What happened there? You told me. I hit the button and not as
you know, that's not a thing. Well, let's try this one.
Here's the season to get in dead.
At the mall with my friend, Darrell.
Oh,
hard to put our lives in
mile long lines and browning faces.
Greed us both with verbal disgrace.
Chris was shopping sure. No pleasure.
I must resort to drastic measures.
Hey, get up, wicked. I give a rubber anger. Push the kid and cuss the cashier.
After this, I'll need a cold beer.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Say your gals like you want your little brass. Don't make this any happier for me.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What are you getting my age? All of a sudden Christmas is 19
for simple, involving credit in six months to pay off. Hey, you, I saw that place.
Hey, give it back right now before I shut my boot as far as I'm your low lives, let them know.
Yeah. Oh, oh, hold it here too.
Hey, miss, how can that possibly be out of stock? Don't you people realize there's more than one
customer who might want to buy it on special? Where's the manager? I'm the manager, you got a problem.
I only wish the happiness to you and your sir.
Can it, can it, can it, can it, can it, can it? Can we sing? Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I gotta get out of here. Merry Christmas, yeah.
But it's gonna be a long drive home, man.
Bye, bye, bye.
