The music expressed on the previous pre-dog had a big deal. What do we got?
No, oh, you can make it.
You hear that big dog had a big deal.
The biggest name.
It was.
You get it for it.
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQEM.
My, my, my Emmy for Lotherdale.
The Neil Rogers You have 15 to talk to Neil.
Dial 5 Però a 5 506 …
in overtime, in eighteen and rowwood.
In other counties, call toll free eight 777-785-Neil.
Look a rebuild 5 60 on your 18C.
And Verizon while he remembers the attendance expressed by Neil.
This guest's orange noisy do not represent those who have a treatment stem or sponsors now the Neil Roger show on 560 WQAM
Will I know my sister all my life?
That is why she's now my wife
And I think my son may know it's true
He's my nephew too
Well my daddy is my uncle Joe my mother is my dear and flow it is very plain to see my first cousin is me
Okay, 1015 560 WQAM so they had the the big dog deal on the morning show
We haven't had a big deal in oh my god. I can't remember the last time
100 years
That's because they don't discuss this show during the sales meetings this show never correct for conversation
They're not allowed to discuss my name your name fact Chris's name and he's need to do with the um
show
And as a result
We're screwed, but you know what we're still here we show up every day the vaniant warriors that we are taking crap from inside
Taking crap from the outside a lot of crap
Here's the poll result from yesterday before we get the evolves rolling
How do I dear admit that I discovered the Jonas Brothers on TV last night you must I think it's all we're gonna talk about today
You fairy oh yeah
But you're the one that keeps telling me that I'd like you know get little stimulation now even though I'm 100 years old I agree
Well, I was somewhat stimulated not mean not like overly, but just uh, wow
Wow two out of three ain't bad. Oh, but they're so young and who cares?
What differences that make anymore right?
Two of the three are legal and the other one well. He maybe has fake ID
I think the other one is legal is not always the way it is I
I don't know there's Joe and Nick and then there I don't know which is works
You're going to have to do the research on this one. I'm doing how I already done a lot of them
I'm helping I'm downloading some songs are you know, are you really?
Absolutely Jonas Brothers Wednesday on QA and let's hear it lower that demographic a little bit
Jesus god almighty. We got so many old kuts out there like that one old guy
Yeah, every day he's there he's there right now he can be damn sure of that
What movie or TV show has the best flesh we apologize for really sucky pull
692 votes is all we got I don't blame us
Spanish soap 124 no speaking English, but the lots of flesh
No speaking English, but in any language it all is the same
Baywatch 72 now what was his name again Billy Warlock
I don't think Billy Warlock was no Jonas brother
Colligula 71 wild thing 68 boogie night 60 showgirls 48 porkeys 32 give me a break
Porkeys my ass basic instinct head
Rome 23 that's not Jim role. Is it Romeo no no hey homie when you're going to hear roamy pretty soon mid days across the street
And less than a month now so the kids leaving and they're sticking Jorge Sardano in the morning no speaking English
And then they're gonna go from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. syndicated crap that throwing into town. They're like basically you know given up
The girl next door 22 from dust till dawn 20 soprano's 20 on to r. 17 loss wagus 16
Since the nine the tutors nine supernatural eight
The moog tube seven bachelor party seven risky business six back to school four euro trip four meatballs three three
Blue crush three the OC three to risk those two and I was not the one you're sending me
Uh, yeah, that's you'll send me that one. I'll send you the one about the thing with two head all right
With Ray Meland and Rosie Greer that if you don't laugh your ass off. I mean it's just can't wait. It's hysterical 54 or two the covenant one the covenant
I incoming freshman one on the seniors none
None for the seniors. Well, that's probably like in cemetery village the seniors right
Lots of old flesh
Lots of checkered pants and old flesh
All right, what do we got going today? We got a better pole man. I hope yeah, it's pretty good. You like this one
It's fun
Sorry, I was over here on my line warrior oh
Oh, good day my dear. I want to let you know. I've waited for a very long time to uh
I got $80 billion for you. Oh boy the stuff that comes in on these emails. I wouldn't wish it on
On jolly joseph
Just unbelievable
497 votes
What past features of neo-rodger show? What do you like resurrected fart sounds 168
oh
Crossover talk with subsequent or prior talk host 63 see what they don't understand is not only aren't we allowed to play fart sounds
But we're also not allowed to be part of the rest of the station. We're like uh, uh, vanished
We're outcasts red headed stepchildren. That's correct
Funny bits 57 well, we can't play those anymore. That's for damn sure
We could play like a little tiny bit of a funny bit, you know
Yeah, right
like
That's it
I'm not sure what that sound was there
Scratch it was a trip scratchy seven lightning round 57 Camilla's house fundraisers 32
Maybe we can bring gill seagull back. Oh hi there neo-rodger's it's gill seagull from the brothers of the champion that come in with house
I'll never forgive Craig Worling for that as long as I live gill seagull. He sicked him on me a k a t gill seagull. I bet he's dead though
No sidekick 28. Oh there goes George
by
In studio guest 21. Oh, yeah, all those great guests regular Gilbert Collins 18
Battle of the talk show host 17 which has been ripped off by everybody in their brother
That was my idea by the way and everybody else ripped it off, but that's okay
Go ahead have a good time with it stevo
discussion of pre-determined topics 16
Call in psychic 11 live show from a certain sporting event seven and seeds for the CD too too
Seeds for the CD only the old old time listeners remember that
From WNWS WS news WS news time is 422. I'm like wasn't though
Those are the days. I'm glad somebody mentioned Prescott Robinson the other day
He was a good guy and a great newsman. He was good 500 votes even on the pull. Let's go home
What do you say? I forget Saturday's George's birthday
He's gonna be making an appearance just none of the birthday plus he needs the cash
badly
Join George 2-4 Saturday at Fort Lauderdale's Metro PCS
Come by for a chance to win the ultimate college football championship game experience
Which includes four tickets to the BCS championship game four pre-game field passes and four fan fest
tailgate party passes Metro PCS 20 350 North Federal Highway in Fort Lauderdale
Go see George this Saturday 2-4 bring him some gifts bring him some holiday cheer
Right right on bring him a big bag of pot and a big bag of money
Please
Both both of these things chicks
All of these things and some hot naked chicks that's right sure that there are like a comparable
Chicks to the a Jonas Brothers in fact, maybe they are chicks
Are you telling me the religious nuts the born again Christian correct? Yes, all these things
All right, that's good. That means they're really very very horny. That means they're saying your brains. That's right
You know that I do
Oh speaking of that Christian University official arrested and gay sexting
And Ohio man in a high place their conservative Christian school is accused of soliciting sex and open air
An open air that's an interesting phrase
52-year-old
Robert Williams Chief Financial Officer of Cincinnati Christian University was arrested with two others on Saturday
Said to have manually stimulated an undercover police officer in Mount Erie forest. He is charged with
sexual imposition. He manually stimulated him
I heard that sorry the university has placed Williams on administrative leave while officials assess the facts of the case
They're assessing it
We are shocked and dismayed by the news of Robert Williams arrested since the net of Christian University president David Fauston
This is a personal tragedy for him and his family. We lift them up in our prayers
Police things targeting men who cruise men in places such as rest stops in public parks
Have been regarded as entrapment by activists while healed and encouraged by figures such as for Lauderdale Florida Mayor Jim
Noggle who proposed mechanical robot toilets in public places to combat what he saw as an epidemic of gay men having public says in the city's parks
The called a flush noggle became louder is what he called a public health campaign was criticized
Is anti gay prejudice which of course it is he's a bigoted lunatic
Since operations have brought attention to figures such as outgoing US senator Larry Craig of Idaho who in August
2007
played guilty to a charge
Related to a soliciting sexual act it with its kids blurry sexual activity many apple to serve for a restroom and former Florida law maker and McCain co-chair Bob Allen
Said to have sought to perform fallacious you want an undercover officer in exchange for cash at a public park in July
2007
All you horny closet Republicans man. It's very very sad including your Limprest the Chris governor too
He's getting married soon
To something
Ken jiles part of a mass 2007 sexting a rest recently filed suit against the Johnson city Tennessee police department after his name and address were published in local
Loose paper as part of the sting conducted an area known as the man cave at Johnson city's winged deer park
The action taken by the police was unprecedented photographs of the suspects were also supplied the suit charge that JCPD chief John Lowry
Opersonally approved the release violated federal equal protection law and seeking to cause the 40 suspects additional on due stress and
Emiliation along with endangering their jobs and relationships with the family
How did this story wander so far from this conservative Christian school guy? How did it kind of like wander off into like glittering generalities?
I don't he manually stimulate undercover plays in other words. He touched his penis. Okay
That's correct
Now what kind of a good Christian what kind of a good Christian touches some other guy's penis an extra good Christian oh
Now speaking of the Jonas Brothers. Yeah, so I'm watching last night and it was some I don't know was a Billy race Cyrus and a millie and not millie
What's the chicks
Hannah Montana was a concert and I'm thinking to myself who are these three kids that around there one of whom is incredibly ugly and the other two of whom are
Very attractive. Should we say isn't that a good way to put it? Yes. I don't want to say they're hot
That sounds like sexual, you know and they're born again Christian and I thought who the hell is that?
And then at the end of the song which the coin case jumps up on the piano and that it's pretty good music
It's better what the fat boy here says it's bad. It's good. It's all good
Now you didn't even hear the music and he said the thank you someone where the Jonas Brothers and I thought well that's nice and I came in here and I googled it
I googled it and I
Wiggled it. Yeah, no, I googled it. Yeah
And so you're checking out some of that music. I'm sure that our audience don't know from no Jonas Brothers
Oh, they know all about it get out of here most most people you know had children or no children or
They're phenomenal. They're huge. Well, maybe I'm the oldest little girl. Go and you think I've always told you that
No, that's true world's oldest 12-year-old girl. Well, I can face
What's just happened there? Oh, I got so I got so stimulated. I knocked the thing down to the audition line. Oh
I'm down now
The fourth lead is no portion of this program
I don't know if you're going to be interested in this program
No, you're going to be a QAM music broadcast group incorporated. You're gay
Faster than a touch-tone phone
Louter than a pneumatic drill
Ables a side step reality in a single bound
Look, they're on the phone. It's a random moose. It's a brilliant jackass
Geez, do you believe these people?
No, it's Yintamen
Yes, it's Yintamen
Strange visitor from another market for the phone growing out of his head
Great warning is gonna do morning's on she
What do you think? Yintamen with a bizarre compulsion to pass along radio gossip
They thought it wasn't a clips of the Sun but it turned out to be Debe Ellis
Unbelievable Yintamen who can change the course of any discussion
Dial two telephones with one hand and who disguised as Lee Howler
Il-Menored tacos for a semi-professional radio station
fights a never-ending battle for rumor
In you window and Arbitron advances
Yeah, Neil is leaving Miami to buy a station in Lakeland. Do you believe that guy?
Wow, haven't played that in a long time
Yeah, or you didn't like it? Yintamen
Sorry, it's never been one of my favorites
Jim Skyler, yeah, I know he's got some way better stuff in there
Well you are sorry. It's just those emails are right. Yeah, I know
Be sure and yeah bring George some bag of the manure. Yes, Saturday and lump a coal
and uh lump it
So here's the first email that comes in during the show this morning to give you an idea of the pleasant people to stop for
First email. I'm this is supposed to be the month of a peace and good peace and peace on these and
Goodwill toward the men and queens and whatever
And they're just as nasty and surly as ever
I tell you we get a 90 share if we just did that put that on an endless loop and play that all four hours
Here's the thing and the subject B-A-S-E-L you call yourself a broadcaster. It's pronounced Basel not basal
Say it with me now you old boresh under educated conduct
Basel
B-A-S-E-L yeah, that's right
From Arthur who's a real moron. I didn't listen. I don't care how you pronounce it
I still don't care about it. I don't want to know about it
It's of no interest to me and stop wasting my email stuff with all this crap about Basel Basel
Remember Basel Rathbone?
You ever put some Basel on your in your sauce?
Just be bored
Neil at neorodges.com that's the email address
I'm not expecting much because boy at a sure died down to a precious few it is died down to a crawl
crawl
y'all started out like a house on fire and then look at that no items in this view nothing
Zipity do da well, you know, it's the holidays
There's always some good excuse and stuff Florida
Although I do have one that from the blocked file. Maybe I'll get that on your suit died. Odetta Holmes
Basel Rathbone
Basel Rathbone
Basel died
Where the hell is that email? I'll find it
Take your time. We're just mailing it in from now till the end of the year
I am playing the hotel in the year as many old bits as I can't even I can't believe you didn't enjoy hearing that
Hey, I'm not seeing it's a great bit
What sorry, I'm a hard-ass. What can I tell you?
Oh my god
If Jim Scott out of her you saying that he would probably be like a woman. Yeah, so
Oh, you don't even like Jim Skylin. I don't dislike him. I get blamed for being a sour bastard. You're the one
I don't really care what he thinks how's that
Well, I don't either
Especially what he cares what he thinks about you. No
Whatever happened to him. Is he still I don't know he's up flappin his arms up
Well, we could ask and then nobody will tell us because there is be flying on the emails this morning
It's gonna be a real people will take a whole bunch of calls today and speaking of that
I'm gonna mention this for the last time
Okay, okay, I got it. Oh no for the last time. There's no point in keep beating it to a pulp
But these people are saying oh genius if you would do a good show if you play those funny bits if you would do this
If you would do the fact that a matter is we work for the most incompetent inept management in the history of this business
There's nobody even a close second
They won't lift the finger they'll lift one finger all right, and that's the only finger they'll lift in on behalf of this show
Here is in my deleted emails from yesterday
720 say no from this morning 726 am from Daron Granovsky who is
Iron chamba the chamba guy
Prozac runs partner in slime
Subject we will never go away
Now here he offers up for the 8 million time his name. There's only one person with that name in all of South Florida
Easy to locate
sure
Neil remember we will always remember we will never go away prozac ron and myself would like to come hang out with you for a couple of days
We'd also like to stay a Georgia's place wouldn't it be cool with me hang out with Mrs. Rodriguez and his oldest daughter
Maybe George would like to have two adopted brothers
Wouldn't that be cool call you soon your friends forever prozac ron and chamba
P.S. Tell George to meet us at hooters for lunch next Monday our treat A.R.E our treat not only are they annoying they're illiterate
our treat
Maybe they'll take you to Johnny F and rockets. Oh, I would love it. I'm never good. Mm-hmm
So there it is Daron Granovsky and I'm sure that there are people in the audience who know this creep and over
He is where he's located. Oh, yeah, but they won't tell us
With a minimum of effort the management here could you know clean up all phone problems with a phone call like months and months and months and months and months they won't do it
We don't want to we don't want to back back. We don't want to screen the cost like George man. We don't want to
And as a result that's one you know one part of the show that's going in the toilet
But we just continue showing up every day Monday through Friday 10 a.m. to 2 p.m
And do the best we can under impossible circumstances
So those of you who are belly, you can oh, why don't you do this or why don't you go to Syria? So why don't you go to FF?
Or why don't you go to hell all another crap
Quit your bitching quit your belly. I can we show up and we like I said we do the best we can
Oh, here's one from the fake Joey Reynolds
You used to be such a nice boy whatever happened to guitar man and Jim Scholar
They are missing elements to your show. I hear you just signed a five-year contract with QM
No, I didn't just sign it. I signed it a long time ago
You've outlasted them all uncle neo. Are you going to be able to keep poker Brian on the payroll next year?
You know, that's an interesting question Joey
What do you think? Yes
Oh
And look at this this is from a real I got a block this is another idiot Anthony
You're a moron Anthony who wants to see that fruitcake on Saturday man
I got better things to do good. I'm sure you don't want to see you either you want to see Anthony?
Who oh and what are they chronic son here one of the cranks? Oh
My god
Here's one from Sam there. They're trickling in there starting to wake up a little bit
Nothing yet about the Jonas Brothers though
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha you think there's anybody in this audience who even knows who those everyone
Get out of here you're a crazy person. Well. That's a fact, but nevertheless. It's a fact that I'm a crazy person oh
You're Sam says your show has always been entertaining over the years. I'm a loyal listener George is coming before you
Sorry, oh, that's sorry to lay down
Oh
The song they sang last night wasn't bad. I wasn't really paying any attention to song. I just
They could have been a lip syncing and you know
Playing with Donna song in your life. Yeah, they're lip syncing because they're running all over the stage
You can't sing while you're running all jumping up pretty piano. Sure you can you can yeah, I do it all the time
Can I finish reading sand? Please? I mean, you know, it may be the only one we get all day here today
Let me read it slowly and surely
George is coming to form. He just needs to weed out what he thinks is good radio in a reality people are clicking it off
These moments are when he has Lucy Lopez on George's whole being changes his voice tone turns very high pitched in ultra
Hyper matching his guest making gildy sound like a real man
It reminds me of a two high schoolers after his first after their first Friday night party
George's music if they don't have a little some little kid trying to sing a la blind melon or make some visit
Nothing wrong with blind melon by the way. I like blind melon
Remakes him bizarre noises from rubbing or hitting any metallic object lying around. He's not playing it
George needs to cut this cancerous part of his show off
Then he'll keep the people that run away when his show deforms into a slop
You hear that he forms into a slop. Yeah, so it seems to keep him grounded
He does not go so hyper like when Lucy Lopez is there signs Sam. I guess Sam don't like Lucy F off Sam
Yeah, F you Sam
George likes Lucy when he's not even doing whatever the only one that's I don't care
You can go move for four hours. Sometimes I do as long as we get this box on that's all anybody cares about
Because we are the outcasts
Neil streets were empty last night down here. Miami. It was freezing bitter cold. Oh, yeah poor babies. Oh, don't tell me my mouse died again
Oh, no
My mouse is froze up
Everyone was indoors huddled up by the fireplace with their hot chocolate global warming my ass. It says my
Mouses screwed up. Well, let me work on it during the break in the mouse to
What's the best talent?
I think
The biggest names the best talent. It's a mad dog Jim mandat afternoon
4 to 7 sports radio 5 60 Q a.m. The sports
Leader
It damn near kilnomer you used to be able to cover up embarrassing personal odors with just a splash of Kelvin clients obsession
But not these days. Oh boy a sore pipe a warm place to sleep tonight. Hey buddy. I saw it first. I can't we share
Well
It smells like something died in here. What is that?
So each a dead squirrel
vomit. No, it's you during these hard economic times you can't always choose who you sleep with
That's why you need a powerful clone you need recession the fragrance to wear when you're down in the dumps
Recession from Georgio Bush. Okay 1032 a.m. 60 WQM all case. I've had to like reboot my computer and put my mouse back together again
K. Paso. Huh? K. Paso. K. Paso. My ass. I bet you did
So anyway, I'm rebooting. Oh, dead a homestead. I mentioned that a moment ago and you totally ignored it
You were more worried about the same ripping you an ass
Basel Rothbard folks singer champion black history and civil rights. He looks a little like Cila Cruz
Thank you, but if he acts me
Oh, Detta the classically trained folk blues and gospel singer who used her powerfully rich and dusky voice
To champion African American music and civil rights issues more than half a century starting in the folk revival of the 50s is died. She was 77
77
You know how the rest goes. Yeah, I don't have it. I never heard of her. Did you? No
I also never heard of Basel or Basil or any of that crap and I don't care about it. I do not care
Oh, you're so out of touch good. I want to be out of touch touch this. Oh, guess what my mouse is working again
And that's thanks to you guys last time this happened tell me I had a reboot in order to once I fixed my mouse no problem
There was some what said no problem
Oh my god. Can you imagine the size of his ass? Oh brother
The dollar's only down 57 hours making a comeback. I wouldn't be surprised if we move into positive territory
Sometime
Sometime before we croak. Would that be nice? Oh, yeah, oh, we're so depressed hearing you talk about the market
Okay, now let me go back to outlook express because there was actually a couple maybe some more ripping you an ass
See this is this is just a couple days before George's birthday and to show you how nice these people are right away
I'm not ripping him an ass. Hey pylon ripping you an ass WTF
Neon I know you weren't paying attention to it
But I'd like to make mention the fact that the alleged university Miami managed to humiliate disgrace and shame themselves in the
Terrace out for it ever yet again last night when one of their basketball players decided to start a
Prissy slap fight and get himself thrown out of the game
Which they wound up losing against Ohio State just another stupid illiterate thing
Thug who'll have a long career in prison. Maybe I'll go through a sock at him signed the fake Ernie Sochin
I wonder whatever happened Ernie Sochin
I think he's alive
Somebody will be
Sad oh this mouse isn't doing all that great. Maybe I better get a new one
I mean it's working, but it's like oh, you're still that mouse with a ball. Yeah
Now what am I supposed to buy a laser mouse
A laser optical an optical mouse
Tell him to take his fake basil basil or whatever and shove it up his basil. It says here from sod
I'm sick and terribly South Florida morons who think that they're better than the rest of us
Great show Uncle Neil and George love the show been listening for 23 years
It's still funny entertaining even after Joyce Himmler
Love you. Keep up the great work. Well, thanks sod
Terrorist no doubt
Neil the streets. So let's see. I just got through reading that one the streets were empty. Who cares
Horace is I recently moved to Orlando. I can't stand it here so many ugly people
Oh, don't tell me my mouse is it now. It's okay
It's a lot colder than I expected 38 degrees this morning
I know I'm a worst, but I was born and raised in South Florida my wife is also pissed off because of the cold. She is from Brazil
Basil
Anyway, I'm just hearing your show not so much George. I'm catching boy. These people are nasty to you
Whatever I'm telling the time on the internet. Well, Jesus is your birthday on Saturday for Christ's sake
So can't you people be a little bit human and civilized around somebody's birthday
Around Christmas and all this other good stuff and the birth of our Lord and all this other phony baloney
By the way kids, there's no Santa Claus your parents lied just like they lied about God and about Jesus and all this other crap
Abraham and Solomon there wasn't Abraham Solomon though. He was my grandpa
Outdoor kneel at neo-rages.com. That's the email address for it's slim and grim
Well, it's the holidays now. You know, we're getting ready to go celebrate. Yeah
Slackers and just ripping you a major ass just because it's your birthday Saturday
I take it personally, though they're not ripping me but they will whatever except that basil guy
Bazzle they call yourself a broken who gives a crap about that swill
But should pseudo intellectual a holes with their basil. Yeah big deal
The drag queen show at the palace food bar will go on
My mom had each put a stop to the ocean drive bars out to her performances citing noise complaints and I need to keep sidewalks clear for pedestrians but
At a November 26 hearing attended by several female impersonators decked on and platform boots and colorful wigs as well as a thong of the throngers supporters
I bet wonder if Cedar Cruz was there
The city's planning board unanimously agreed to give owner Ted Tom Donnell a permit that allows performance on the terrace of the restaurant and
Bar at 1200 ocean drive
The entertainers who previously would leave the bar to perform for passengers by will still be barred from singing and dancing on the sidewalk or across the street
Oh, my mouse is dying I think
Does a mouse die?
They do those do they do yes
Why is there mechanical
Everything mechanical eventually wears out and dies that's why you need an optical mouse which is not mechanical
Which will I don't have one now? I know you don't I may have to leave at 11 o'clock go by a mouse
No, no
What why can't I can't get I can't get these great emails without a mouse send a friend
I don't got a friend who's awake
That's what Leo says your next poll should be how long does it take to hit the radio down?
Oh look at this they're ganging up on little George today you bastards you do lunatics or narrowly
I wouldn't care. I would be amused but yeah, whatever this the time he's just saying two or three people anyway, so who gives a rats
Leo says your next poll should be how long does it take to
Radio Dawa George does the show one one second three seconds or five seconds somebody should chain you and Joe and Joe
Belder with chair and be forced to listen to a show for four hours this guy doesn't belong on a radio says Leo
Well screw you Leo if you don't like it don't listen very simple you don't have to send us some hostile email
God, I'm sick and tear to you bastards you back
Yeah, and I'll say to get have anyone else fill in for you and see what they say about them
Oh, yeah, I don't have to wonder because I saw that
Come on, I get more commentary about that. I saw that because it doesn't happen very often
Thank God for that
Dear Neil I told you DeRan was mean he would show up at George's house
Was mean oh my mouth is it's like intermit have to clean it again is all I just did all right. I cleaned that I do shit man
Digit at least Prozac Rottwood treated McDonald's. Oh God. Oh, this is from this same idiot Barry go away. I'm blocking your ass your idiot
block sender and that's it
That's what we got so far as several anti-Georgia hate George emails and
And Prozac Ron and this one and that one and their new friend Barry
Hey, Barry you fairy wow
Is there gonna be this way all the way through the rest of the year because I'll just play the rack from now till new years
No, this is good. This is a new good format. What rip George's ass. No, but I'm saying that the emails they're not there
There's nothing there. Don't you understand? That's what I'm trying to tell you
They've died down to a there are no items in this view nothing
And it's been that way today is Wednesday. It's been that way all week all oh, you know during Monday and Tuesday
They at least started puking along, you know
But today I had that feeling in fact overnight usually in the morning I come in here there's 15 or 20 of which three or four
Maybe real in the rest of them all you've won 70 billion dollars in the Australian lot of one
Like that
But today it's just a we hate George festival. What have you done to them? What is it that you have done with it?
I don't know I wish I do Friday. I had Friday off now. What did you do on Friday to piss them off someone?
I don't know I made an attempt to do a real radio show
I don't know if any of this has to do with a freaking Jonas Brothers nothing
The best talent
Fort like your five sixty Q.A.M.
The fourth
Elite
The best talent
Wake nights from the end to 11 here on
You call that a Harry scrotum
If you think you hate it the gym scotter for what you do
And a quarter billion bucks for a game
That's crazy
Half a mill to play each game
You gotta think the owners insane
He has to pay every time the air outspits on the ground
That's crazy
He still gets paid if he makes out and all the fast will scream and shout
But what does he care?
He still gets his cash if he hits all he sits all he walks all he walks when he finds he finds
He's got to go go go go
Baby what he makes he makes
It's crazy because he's got a bigger contract now than can just be
The biggest one in history
He finds he buys a thing there's no way they lose
He buys you know what's the biggest sin
That even when they rot there's no way the rangers who win
Well, let me trust you now. Yeah, especially since you don't play there no more
But that's okay. It's all over planning oldies baby. I might just play the whole rack uninterrupted
Okay, there was either nobody is listening anymore. Which is possible
You know, I mean they've watered it down to the point where I could understand I could relate to that or
Uh, they're just ignoring us. Well, it's busy. We just had black fronty and now we're shopping and shopping and running around. Oh, yeah
They have nothing to say how many years have I been screaming about that
100 about a hundred. Yeah, nothing to say on the phone on the email
And like I said yesterday
Thank God for the fake this one and fake that one because if it hadn't been for that the last two three weeks
We wouldn't be getting much more than we're getting today and those guys who've taken a hiatus today evidently
Except for the fake Larry King who says leave George alone
WQM should bring fat hankin to fill in while you're out that way the listeners won't bitch about George
How do you like that is shot at the Humper well the thumper
God almighty come on fake Larry. That was funny. Yeah hysterical
And PR Ralph I thought you were odds with him about something
Well whatever makes something up
Well, what what what happened with him we had like a I think I like them or something huh nothing
You're wrong about that. Okay, why don't they hate you like party?
There was something a few weeks ago on these emails though. He just really frosted my ass if you say so
I'm telling you
Remember that fat Chris
um no
Would you know paying the attention was fine. I mean, I remember PR Ralph being talked about all time because he emailed
He even comic books again or what no he just doesn't remember either because he listening to his iPod
He's probably got a whole bunch of Jonas Brothers music. He's listening to his iPoppy boy
He ripped them and asked I couldn't believe it this morning. Yeah, so they can't sing at all at all at all
I'm gonna make you go as I see a lot of money
And it doesn't mean that
They're making a lot of money for the obvious reason that you noticed
Yeah, and what's that they're attractive to the hot female children and fags
Yes
Anyway, here's one from PR Ralph happy birthday George see you Saturday what you want Pasto perico or wine
All of the above and I love George it says
See they're trying to start up you know fake Larry and PR Ralph let's make George the topic today at least
Underweight about sure. I know what you're I didn't know anything about you
It's bizarre and all of a sudden out of nowhere, you know, it's like oh, there's the topic
Oh, here we go
Sean
Ask Chris about his days as a rote for the Nelson twins
And that's not true is it
Because I was um hmm
13 14 15 when they were out yet, they know
I
I think you're holding something back
You know, it's just water him he hemmed it hot about that there's more to Chris and I remember how old I was when uh the Nelson twins were singing
Yeah, I was on iod so it's many years ago. Mm-hmm
Had him on the ear on the phone and I remember asking them something about whether they ever diddled each other something like that
They got a little little giggly like little girls, you know
Bill says I find it unbelievable that jolly Joe can't spend 15 minutes of his very important time
Feeling like with losers like pro-zac ron and chamba and I then the like I guess he thinks this stick is entertaining
I can't speak for all but most of the since semi-normal people don't find it funny and guess what Bill neither do we
Neither do we who are trying to like do a productive show here on the station and make a living
Neither do we we get no assistance no cooperation no effort no nothing just don't do this and don't say that and
Don't play this and don't plan that's it
Say happy birthday to George happy birthday George. Thank you. I've been listening to you for 15 plus years
I think both of you are great. Thanks for the entertainment of all these years see there's Bill who's a good guy and I got a
Hard a goal. There were a couple of other ones in there and they just disappeared
Where the hell did they go to oh? I printed them out oh
Well then they the um mouse the mouse ball gets me kind of like you know
It sends me off target. Well, it's a lot of work to a dittle with the mouse and then I got to reboot the whole damn thing
Sean says dear Neil I've recently begun listening to your show via the internet every morning become a fan of you your show and of course
Chris George a little bit says and
Well, they hate you today. What kind of crap is this even on video upset and I have no idea why
Anyways, the Jonas Brothers are just another fat group put together by a music producer trying to work a group to a particular audience
There's been young girls reaching puberty and wanting to stare at boys phase and of course in these days
There are young boys wanting to stare at young boys
But that's the way of the world and is not a bad thing either and they're all queens wanting to stare at not young boys
But uh whatever they are well one of them is like 21 one of them is 19 and the other one is 16 maybe the ugly one is 16 like an only hope
You have a great show and thank you for having it every day. I wish I did have it every day or at least once in a while says azzel
PSS Chris about his days is a rote for the Nelson twin. That's cute
So you want to tell us about that? Is it a secret?
Uh if I was ever one I would have told you about it
fake clearances as you heard yesterday
Allison Turner is no longer with us here at WQAM
I've decided after hearing your suggestion yesterday about having an efficiency expert come to QM that you are right
The beast will now evaluate all programming starting with your show
Please inform fat ass Chris
He needs to be on his best behavior as beast and I hate that he even exists
Watch your back Chris. Signed to fake clearance
It's probably from the real one
Now what what is clearance hate you so much because you're on this show maybe
Boy he hates you like poison even more than the audience hates George
And that's saying a real mouthful that I told you the Dow is up three and a half point all right
See oh now it's down to well for just a second
Just a mini second
Who's this burrs for the Giants suspended for the season who is that black so burrs who
Plexico oh plexico burrs. Yes, the guy that caught the winning touchdown
Yeah, I know who plexico you think I don't know anything about football
Well, I mean you might have blocked it out because I was thinking about the Giants good good for them
He shot himself and there's good chance. He's gonna serve a jail time to good
Good put his ugly ass in the slammer man
You'll have a good time in there apparently
What kind of a name is that plexiglass burrs? I don't know but apparently in New York they have I think it's called mandatory minimums
And if he's found guilty's like it's I think it's a minimum of you to two and a half for three years good put him in there with OJ send him to Vegas
So came bet on it
Plexiglass what what kind of a stupid ass name is that plexigal this this national football league they have more stupid ass names
God not to mention in baseball with a cocoa crisp crap
What kind of a parent names their son cocoa? I don't know great sense of humor
cocoa crisp my ass
But they're sure they are after you today great wonderful John says Neil and in big letters to big bold letters
Not a bad guy, but George does suck bring back the Humper dammit then P.S. Happy birthday George
So who knows what that means? I guess this is a guy trying to be a comedian, you know, huh?
Real funny. Neil you've got a lot of nerve saying there is no god
Says Phil and Jamie Sanchez
I listen you all the time you're always saying oh my god. This is oh my god, and yeah, right you shouldn't say his name if you don't believe in him
How stupid is it possible to be huh? How dumb is it possible to be there's there's no limit
Happy birthday, George. It says too and my ball just to jam. Oh, oh
God it's this email. That's what did it
What am I gonna do about this?
Nothing
I have to reboot is that gonna do it or I have to open it up again
Well, if it's dirty then yeah, you have to open it up. You're gonna be able to get cleaning
It's not dirty. Just uh, you know, just blowing on it isn't gonna do it, you know
No, I went in it with like a pen and I get there was some mung in there and I cleaned it all out
So you might have to reboot
Oh no
Let's do the break until you get you a real mouse huh until you get you a real mouse
Oh my god
The biggest name
You're listening to sports radio 560 wq a m
This is the neo-roger show
questions
This spring some stations will give you cars some stations will give you cash
But this station is going to give you something that really counts because this station is going to give you a great body
It is here just be the tenth color when you hear this sound
And you'll be the membership in our free weight loss program
We'll send a station representative for your house to lock you in the bathroom for two or three months
That's right although water and toothpaste you can eat come July you'll be looking shy
And you'll have the brightest smile on the beach this station accepts no responsibility for minor complications resulting from our weight loss program like protein deficiencies
Rickets scurvy or death get ready for swimsuit season and don't forget to floss
He's listening for your judge to win. Oh, it's not cocoa crisp. That's not his real name
And I got already two or three emails about that you made a mistake
How do you like that? All right
It's his nickname cocoa crisp. Well whoever given that nickname is a moron. Okay
I
How about snap crackle and pop huh all right pops
Well, I fixed my mouse again. I think I'm going to have to do that several times during the day because I think it's dying right here
I'm dying over here. I think you're going to be lost dies
That's what I heard that's where the Lord said first your mouse dies and then the rest of you
618 votes and fat Chris's poll. That's not too bad not too shabby for a mediocre poll
Which past features in the erasure show what you like resurrected fart sounds 188
Funny bits 101. Sorry. No can do crossover talk with subsequent or prior host 75
Lightning round 62 Camilla's house fundraiser is 34 no sidekick 34 in studio guest 26. Oh, yeah like Johnny Dork would be good
Let's bring that turd back you can feed him some lunch
I still can you know and of course he and the bird were pretty tight
So maybe he picked that up from the bird, you know you show up maybe uninvited and then you just keep coming back for more
Even though
I hadn't thought of that remember the bird pulled that act in Tampa. Yeah, maybe Johnny pulled a try to reprise that routine in our studio
And we sent the message back out to the front desk tell Johnny go away
Uh in studio guest 26 battle of the talk show is 24
Regular Gilbert Collins 20
Discussion to predetermined topics 18 no chance
Live show from certain sporting events 12 starting next month will be back George will be back in Gulfstream again
Those are good shows we had a good time
Collins psyching 12 and seeds for the CD2
That's the poll 608. Oh, here's another one happy birthday to a Georgia bed
Happy birthday, George you suck
Sock, oh they are an extra nice to the earthy yes, he is extra crispy like cocoa. Christ
Anyway, here's one from somebody about LeBaster's obsession with you. Oh there it look
They're trying desperately to get into this pink contest with him
I don't play that game. Don't you people over there understand it
I don't play it said the kid tried it didn't work. He still was doing ones and twos
And LeBaster you've got to be kidding me who will pay any attention to a loser like that
Apparently the LeBaster show is a blow-up doll of you in their studio on the show two days ago
The whole show was based on you the origin of Roy
The origin of Roy
And a breakdown of why your show is not syndicated they went on to say how you've stolen that
drop from
They have stolen from me. It's official to them using it something. Huh? By the way
Who why are you gonna pay any attention that that was about Roy Foster, which was long
Before LeBaster was ever on a radio, but nevertheless
Play it all you want just keep playing it over and over again. That should be really good for 20 share
By the way, Randy Moller is funny when he shots the movie quoted song lyric after the panther's score a goal
His notable ones are Wilson from the movie cast away
He blinded him with science. Who's your daddy and what does he do and mad the meatloaf? Oh
Randy Moller who stole all the rich and arrex lines too from his days in Buffalo. Give me a break
Clown. He's a world-beater compared to guilty
I used to listen to manage, but a couple of friends told me to give LeBaster to shot and it's apparent that he's obsessed with you
I will submit that there shows a little fresher than manages interviews with our winback for example
You still are god. However on the air waves and George is your son
Keep it up on the show too says Kevin. Thanks Kevin
Well, that was relatively informative and amusing and interesting and uh something didn't review an ass. Yeah, thanks pops
Here's the first one
About Coco crisp
Coco is not his real name his first real name is Cavalli. Oh, I changed that too
Like I said, what kind of apparent names their kid Cavalli? Cavalli crisp
Coco is just his nickname, but you thought Coco was his first name. Therefore you made a mistake
You made a mistake 90 90 booboo you may mistake sign microzontal you made a mistake
What an overgrown child microzontal him and J. Row Keach. I hear our eloping
Ron Ron phrasus gonna be the best man
Oh, and the stupidest name ever is gotta be x-ray hip
Either that or the map brothers scientific and majestic you can't make crap up like that scientific map and majestic map holy shmit
it says
From you made a mistake microzontal
stupid names
We've done polls on that, but we ought to get a lot of emails on it moan the stupidest name of them all
LeVernius. I'm sorry. I just you know, uh, maybe it's an ethnic thing. I'm sure it is
That bit that we got what it's funny. It's a funny name. Well, LeVernius. What are some of the other ones?
That we talked about? Yeah, I'm finding over what the the kicker for the the brown doesn't look it up
The kicker for the browns kick returner whatever he was oh
Well, look it up. I am
Brady quins out for the year he put his finger in somebody some guy and bend it a little bit and the finger too
Maybe he's kind of Jeff Finger from the Leafs leaves lost and send the Jose last night five to two no surprise
You won't find that score in your son sent lots of that late game late late anything that's after seven o'clock at night late
We don't want to give you the information we go to bed and put our 10 pages of newspaper together by seven o'clock
Hey disgrace you people out there who are continuing to pay for that garbage and proposing as a newspaper you must be crazy people
I know I am
And I'm not even there to read it except I was there last weekend though
Leotus McElvin oh leotus I like that leotus. It sounds like a disease like iliitis leotus
Oh, I'm suffering from leotus man. You know, maybe now that we got Obama as president
He can start instructing the dark folks on how to like number one speak properly and number two
Name your kids like real names like Barack, you know
When you think that would be good speak proper English
I mean here's a guy who was so brilliant so articulated so educated so you know such a minch
And we got people like Shannon Sharpen TV making you know and all the rappers on they're making all the kids illiterate
Isn't that that that we got as illiterate as they want to be?
Joe says I know about the Christian Jonas Brothers the bad boys of Disney. My teen and preteen daughters can't stand them
As well as Hannah Montana banana
I could see them for what they really are posters in the Disney production targeted for simple-to-watchers
Well, I'm a simple-to-they may be hot, but they just don't seem like a real band
Well, who cares about their music for Christ sakes although the bay you got to admit the a backstreet boys did have a few good songs
I gave them one
Well, they had a few they made some good music because they put them in that recording studio in Sweden somewhere in Stockholm
Orbit of hell it is and anybody could be a singer in that place
With all the accoutrements and crap and stuff
Mm-hmm have a great birthday George. It says I always tune in for your Bible lessons
Enjoy skating once in a while to have a nice day Joe. Thanks. Joe and his family know about the Christian Jonas Brothers. Yeah
They're good Christians with that very time Christian them a couple of many way
I'd like to turn them to God. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah turn them on to God
Oh, you can't say that they're so young or too bad
Seems to me that Britney Spears was about 16 17 years old when I give you that rolling stone magazine 17 well there you go
And who's the other one Brook Shields was like 14 or 15 when she was slapping her ass with those jeans spots
Mm-hmm Brook Shields 14 15 years old and guys are oodling her
And you know what you would say to that all right. That's right
Unless it was one of your daughters. Thank you. Who would get out of here pops?
Sorry, that'd be
Oh Mr. Radio is back. I hate all the negativity
Oh, yeah, oh man
Let me print this one out. It's fairly long at least he's back. He's been for a little uh
Is matter of fact I see there's another one from him on here. I've been gotten to this one yet
Here's a poll suggestion if Neil were in politics what position you see him. I think the prone position get out of here quick looking my ass
Believe you me. It's dirty
Neil, I read the article on your site about gay adoption very interesting for instance something you would consider yourself
You certainly have the means to do so. I've already got an unofficially adopted grandson. Okay
unofficially adopted in fact my friend Linda would be willing to be your very your child
I told her about your show several years ago and she's been a fan ever since she's a rather large-boned individual with strong child bearing hips
She's also fully aware you happen to be a gay man would really not be interested in consummating a child together
However, she said that's okay
She said all you have to do is uh masturbate into a cup and the doctor will do the rest if you're interested just say so and I'll forward her for number
Don't waste her based her oh
And see Mr. Radio you made a mistake you made a mistake
How do you like that? He says I thought that the Roy Bed came from last year and W.I.O.D
Wasn't Roy the chief engineer at Paxing he was worse than
Uh Mitch Ween weenie Mitch Weenie's a dang good engineer by the way. Don't be knocking Mitch Weenie
But they got to knock everybody, you know
You're wrong Mr. Radio you made a mistake Roy was Roy Foster okay
Of our sales department at WQAM and I've also of uh that black dildo fame well he fell in love with that thing
He kind of had that I got to have that
Now why why do you think he needed that?
I mean he was a big black guy named Roy why did he need a big black dildo well you know because most of us only have one
No you wanted a spear
Sure maybe maybe wanted to give it to scurrying to hold on to do we never been with women. Let me tell you something
What's that?
Sometimes you want more than one but they want more than one yeah
Okay anyway, so Mr. Radio made a bad mistake okay my mouse is still working, but I'm telling it's it's dying
Larry says just an email to wish Georgia happy and healthy birthday. How do you like that nice nice?
Thanks Larry. Where's the you suck?
No, it doesn't
He's a regular email. He's a good guy and he's not a smart ass and not a real amateur comedian
Oh, you want to see uh well, I'm sure you already do on your email
You know to see some of the stuff that comes to your people thinking that they're funny for years
The pain is so great. I was giving my email out of the dress for years now. Yeah, and yeah
Just what you said
Just what you see do you get any from
No, you know, it's really fascinating. The bastard is obsessed with that particular drop in. I mean who cares about that
You know, you think that maybe he would graduate move on to some a little more uh
recent like
droids like that
Wouldn't you you'd think but evidently not he's obsessed with Roy when you keep playing a Danny boy
You keep playing it Mr. Radio says I have no life no kidding
I have no life
Neil, I hate all the negativity after years of enjoyment. I want to be able to give something back instead of just being a radio yenta
If there's something I can do for the show, please let me know
Whoo as mentioned before I have boxes and boxes of tapes of your show going back to the W.I.N. Z days
I really had no life then no kidding. I have no life
If you want me to digitize any old bits rejoins or jingles just let me know with your new contract
I figured you can use some help
I'm sure you will say just go away, but that's the sad part of your show
It seems a lot of people have gone away. Please don't let the show die a slow death
That's the sad part of your show now the sad part of the show is that the people have gone away
I have the ones that we want to go away. I don't want you to take that personally unless you want to but
P.S. I'm not that pain in the S used to be joined to thift with super Dave
I remember that guy and boy was he pondress when you're just a replacement form if you're not him you're a clone
A clone again
Unnaturally man you're just another clone anybody who called himself mr. Radio is in fact
That's what they intaman I was thinking mr. Radio when I played that you didn't like it all
Didn't say that you didn't say that I thought you enjoyed
Years ago who's been dead for what 75 years over her to leave foulard anymore
Oh, this is really funny
This is the coupe
Degrass I just got a message an email on my blackberry guess who it's from
Lord Kent no
JC not Jesus really
JC Harry JC
No, you're JC
I'm JC from the QAM website
Cordis right. Oh that JC that JC subject. It's that time
He kneeled sorry to bring it up again, but I'm due for another check. Thanks
Thanks
How do you like that?
Three or four stories he put on her Saturday which I sent him at least it doesn't he puts three or four stories
Oh, I don't know what happened to you. They just got lost in space
Give me give me give me give me give me give me give me give me give me give me give me
You shot big six
The
No can it go fast, it falls not for us.
No can it go fast, car is not for us.
I see a Saxby Chamber's one in Georgia last night.
That was a, you know, anybody knew that was going to happen.
Real redneck state, real, real redneckie.
Why do you think deliverance was filmed in entry?
I wouldn't be surprised if most of Georgia, I mean I've been in Atlanta many times,
but never in like the, in the outlying areas.
Yeah, is there really such a places entry?
I don't know.
I mean there's an entry, talk about that in a racetrack.
What?
Determine that there was not or something that they made it up for the movie.
And what about the, what's the, what's the, what's the,
what's the?
I don't think there's any real river such real river either.
I'll be damned, but I'm sure.
Well, there's like Okie Choby Okie.
Well, there's nothing about the deep South that anybody with a half a brain would
like I'd say to that.
Well maybe the warmth, I guess, you know, the warmth.
Let's take a look and see for Casanova what the Toronto temperature is right now.
It looks a little bit sunny out there plus 4, it's 40 degrees.
Oh my god, it's a heatwave. Let's go around around naked.
You know, I've never ever in my life been in a place like this city where in the winter time
On a day when it's like maybe 35
Like today. There are business guys walking around in their
shirts with no jacket no coat no sport jacket no just walking around outside like it was 80
Yeah, well, what do you call that besides crazy? Well, it's up north those people are used to it
How how can you get used to freezing your ass off you did not when you lived up north? No, I see
641 votes in fact Chris is pulled they went to fart sounds back joys. They want the freaking fart sounds
There are no items in this view. I work my ass off to get my mouse fixed. Although now it froze up again
I'm really doobious about this mouse. Oh, there we go
It's it's on the verge of death
Call everybody you know tell Neil's mouse is gonna die on the ear to get out of here. Yes. Oh, yes
I think I think the highlight of the day will be when the mouse finally opens its mouth and says
Yeah, why doesn't what's his name libastian steal that?
Give him time at least that's relatively amusing as opposed to
Why you know, well, what is that as opposed to
Then again when you're dealing with goi and what do they know from oi?
Fart sounds 195 funny bits 115
Well
I'll tell you one thing we can play like a little bit of some of these
Listen to me. It's just stand by and steam us. Yeah, we can play that
Maybe that's what I'll do all day today. Just play a little tiny bits from bits that we can play beautiful, huh?
Well, there's a hell of a lot more of those than there are ones we can't play no question now. I don't think this has got any fart sounds
Somebody
Right right
And it just keeps thinking thinking and sticking and sticking and sticking. Oh, I think I'll play that after the break
I got a whole folder full of four bitten bits. We can play little bits on fun. Do you? Oh, yeah, for example
If it'll play
I got this Jonas brothers cute up. Oh
No
So let me tell you something about this if you love geometry and you know there's no I can't play that no no
No items in this view Neil at neo-rogynous.com. I'm checking my outlook expressed. There's nothing coming in these people have either abandoned us and they're really busy, you know, I'm busy
What's wrong with that to kind of lease a bit
Kind of lease a bit. Yeah, that wasn't kind of Lisa
Then there's this
Oh, no, you can't play that
God my gosh my good dickens
Can't be playing that
Although it is a holiday's time to get a couple of jugs of that cider and there's a there's some I don't even dare play any part of
Like the GM Brown star
Right don't be playing that
I'm afraid to say
What's that one called?
Dun dun dun dun
Oh bodily sound the bodily functions sound bodily functions. Yeah, there it is
As far as we can go with it
I think the um
Today officially the email thing died mr. Radio if you want to do something constructive for the show continue sending us your constructive emails
Because you're the only one who cares enough to send you're very best or worst or or whatever
The emails died at 11.22 a.m
Just like Madeline a quick listing of the show at 10.40 a.m. Yesterday before her next 600 emails remember that sure
Madeline with the fake pictures in the fake Madeline
So about this CD I'm gonna make for you here. Yeah, I don't know one Jonas Brothers song from another
I couldn't name one I couldn't recognize one because uh, we ever been ours you should know that we've ever been on in the background of
Places so I don't know which ones are
Good or bad. I'm just gonna put everything that I first is they're all bad
Yeah, I'm gonna put everything that I was able to download on a CD for you and send it up
I'm not getting any information other than that one email. I'm not getting any response to that other than
You know, they're thinking you nasty old
Proverted fang, but they already knew that did get my point before you interrupted me
I'm gonna put everything I was able to get on a disc and so if uh, it's good, bad or indifferent
It ain't my fault. It's just everything was able to find I think we ought to swing over to the phone
Do it. It's ringing. Swing it on over, baby
Here's the worst news in history
Jeb Bush considers Senate run. Oh my god
Oh my god is right
Oh, I do have one
Al Franken says he's only 50 votes behind by the way
You believe down for anakin behind what behind the eight ball
Behind norm coolman norm a can't scolored roommate
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. I've made some CDs for you myself in the past
You know what? If you stand up pretty fast they'll fall out
5 6 7 0 5 60 and pound 5 60 on the 18 team for rising wireless line
Let's see if the phone is any better than the emails today emails are done. They're finished. They are finito
I'm kind of shocked, you know
Oh yeah, because yesterday and Monday they you know we started slow but then they there was a continual trickle
A constant trickle rhymes with pickle. Yeah
WQ a.m. Hello. Hey Neil. I was going but okay
Oh yeah
What's with it is
What's the deal with you? You're a slot guy
Who's that Neil? You
Yeah, man. I'm asking you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, no butts. No butts throw the butts in the a** tree. Okay get lost
And now an elegant email. Oh, how come you didn't let the quarter-slot guy go on and on he's got so much to say no it doesn't
That was up 99 points. Aren't you thrilled? Aren't you?
Jumping for joy
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes
Did you play fuc and c1?
Uh-huh
That was special wasn't it? Yes extra. Let's take a break and recover from that
I'll get the breath
I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers
All right
In this little room
When I turn around and not see room and then the end here smells like a tune
I saw you know perfume we gotta talk to you missing my
I'm not going missing over all the doors. Yeah, that's why we shouldn't get the smell
Get the hell out pull away. We're up and jump down now
In Hollywood West for the wrong near death run away North West East now
Somebody
They know they did it got stiggy
Cove it
Roll yeah, we're right done it and you can only imagine what that would smell like 1131 and 560
I'm happy you a wednesday to you for it's Wednesday already. I'll be danged. I'll be gosh danged
Here's one from the fakular king. Where is fat Chris today? Not a peep out of him. Give him a little peep Chris
Say what I've been talking back and forth
How about a peep peep peep? There you go
Where is fat Chris today? He's been talking up a storm a Hannah storm
So what about those Jonas brothers, huh? What about a I don't know
I'm almost sorry that I saw that thing because you know me. I feel compelled to talk about
We don't have to jump anything they say
Oh
I know they put on a good act that's what I mean no
Here we go it took a little while, but Johnny dork there you go again Johnny dork
I heard you take another shot of me this morning. What did I ever do to you?
It's these annoying emails you didn't do anything to me until you stare with these annoying emails
Why do you look down on everyone else in the biz? I don't
The only one you revered nice to was Bill Carter. Are you dating Paco? No, I'm not dating Paco and Bill Carter was a good friend of mine
and a good talent
And a good guy and not a backstabbing phony and not something that would sit and waste his life away
sending a bunch of useless emails to some schlep on the radio. That's why Johnny
Fat man after dark. I'm glad you played that just there
Says the Jonas Brothers performed during half time at the Cowboys game on Thanksgiving and all the girls in my family ages 9 to 16 ran in and shouted along with their music
They might be attracted to you, but check out their crazy religious beliefs. It's scary
See this kind of thing is scary to me
Ted
Well, why do why do I care about their religious beliefs?
Why do I care because you're gonna join their church? Yeah, am I ever gonna?
If I were gonna meet them I'm gonna know the fundamentalists so they do a lot of
I'm gonna take a shower with the two uh good ones. They believe in anointing with oil and the laying on hands
So what difference is it's scary. They're crazy religious to me. All religious beliefs are scary
I
Hold on
So who cares? Hey, that's when you brought them up before and that's all I said is that they suck. They can't sing at all
They suck. Well, that sounds like a good start. Well, I was talking about their singing. Oh
Yeah, cuz that's I saw them on the uh, I guess it was the Cowboys game also
Never seen them before heard about them because it's like, you know the new Disney thing and stuff like that
But uh, it never seen before and they did I don't know two songs three songs
Now I'm just gonna like oh my god these kids suck
Here's one from Kurt. I think I finally get it with these a holes
They seem to think somehow they can hijack your show and turn themselves into the wack pack south
I guess there aren't any open editions on the steering show for mental defectives have a good day. No, he's got enough already
Here's one from John who's asleep at that genie dump button
That's why we decided you will eliminate calls again. You cannot let call her say or spell the word
Yeah, that's right. They heard it online. If respectfully Joyce. Mm-hmm. I told them. There's no effect on the internet
What I warned them to that again, please okay, please. It's another thing they don't care about right?
I'm doing the way thing about and it's just the way it is. It's a radio thing so they don't know from it
Instead of being a misfit enjoy the fact that you can hear those things every once in a while
Mm-hmm. That was wrong with you. Hey, no skin off our teeth
Well, I have never seriously. I bet you that even in Bangladesh
You'll never find so many unhappy people as in South Florida, right?
They find things to be upset about and pissed off about that nobody in their right mind could care less about
Let's be very boring here. Oh wait. It is
They might be attractive to you, but check out their crazy religious beliefs and getting back to that
I'm really not sure what they look like because you know the concert last night is like a lot of makeup and stuff
And I'm looking at the pictures online and you bet I am and I don't know it's hard to tell until you until you meet somebody in person
You don't really know what they look like. You know what I mean by that? Yep
Some people photograph well some people photograph very poorly
Correct some it's just as well, you know
Some they do and some they don't
I take a little sniff. I'll tell you that
Have all those little girls clawing at my back. I'd I'd waddle my way in there and take a little sniff
In fact, this is the sports station. Why don't we take showers with the two hot Jonas brothers?
I'll do it. I'll volunteer. Yeah, they'll be the tall boy. Here's my close friend Greg in Detroit. Oh, he's not in Detroit anymore. He's in round rock, Texas
Wow
He says I'm the guy who tried to hire you back to Detroit. Well, I'm not going to Detroit for a visit for like an animal for anything
I'm not going there Greg
Detroit my the outdoor toilet makes South Florida look like paradise like Mo would say
Paradise
Then he says his labaster the
Liberry Tard trying to start a war. He is is the effing nuts. Yes
He did over there. That's their new deal. Oh, we're gonna suck your needle into it
And the Sedano tried it and said the kid tried it and now a labaster go ahead have a good time
Just keep my name alive. That's all because this station sure doesn't do it
Haven't streamed in a while, but I am today. I'm loving it
I would actually put you on because I read you might be replacing
Bubba on Howard 101 do it do it now. I'm not replacing anybody on anywhere
Okay, I got five more years to go here after this month expires and nobody has made me an offer anywhere Greg
Except you I should have taken that offer Detroit. We'd have been big there
Can you imagine oh? Yeah, I'd have been I'd have been big stuff with all of my spurs in Detroit
I'll take that we got all the Motown songs and those are jingles. That's right
All the jingles all the time
Could have gone to lunch there with Dick pertin at loose finder deli, which he says really sucks now
666 on the full I told you and
That don't know I see just changed call some stories
Where do you previous on our private page there? It was red. It was in red
Oh, just want to go to 666 red as in LDablo
Oh my god
So I just find out from Lee that uh one of the Jonas Brothers. Yes, was dating Taylor Swift
Who's like an up-and-coming country star?
Beautiful girl and he dumped her
Yeah, because they have that whole promise ring thing going
Where they don't miss is she want she wanted to touch it? I guess did she want to look at it?
She want to sniff it and he said uh, I can't do that. I'm sorry. No
Can't really really get out of here promise my ass get out of here. I do all the time. Oh my god
Those takers though somebody looks like that and he's turning down flesh you got to be kidding me
Fat man after dark is right crazy religious beliefs is correct
God wasting away those great years of his life
The Carolina Panthers have fired Peter Lava uh Lava Leritzis Lava Lava Lelet and replaced him with Paul Marisse
Oh Paul Marisse back to the scene of the slime. How do you think it'll affect the Eastern conferences? I don't know and I don't care
Peter Lava Leritzis
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha and then somebody wants me to go through that whole shawna everything because he just is a former girlfriend or whatever
Said something about sloppy seconds and crap. Oh, the whole thing is just shawna reads a slime ball
That's also what do we just make at least he's consistent
Let's do some hockey talk that'll teach these bastards a thing or two
So what is it again now one of the Jonas Brothers which one maybe the ugly one? I don't know
It doesn't have a name. There's Joe and Nick. I don't know what one from the other
I think Joe is the real real real real real real real real a hot number
Hey Joe, but you know Joe
These are kids for Christ's Day. They're like 16 19 and 21. They're just kids
You know what I mean? Yeah, so what's wrong with that?
Is there something wrong with looking at somebody and being like somewhat aroused?
Not to me
I mean if they were like nine and ten eleven. Yeah, then there's something really sick about that, but they're not
And like I said, I'm not really sure what they look like. I'll have you send them up here for maybe over the
Section you can do and I'll inspect and I'll let you guys know I got plenty of room on my shower
I have a nice stall shower
Apparently it was the lead singer who in a way laughing about
Because I was like well, which one is the lead singer and he's like trying to describe like the hair when he goes
It's the good looking one
So which one's good looking what I least at it
That's why I'm laughing. There's two of them that are good looking the one with a dark jet black hair
I think is Joe he's the real okay. That's the one. He's the real deal
The wheel deal you like nervous laugh. No, it's not a nerd. It's funny because I'm like well
Which one is it so I can tell you know Neil or whatever he's like and he's trying to describe like the hair
He goes well, it's the good looking one and I you know just hearing him saying there's good looking one
Good to me. I got my eye on two of them
Christmas Hanukkah gift one for a Christmas gift one for a Tannuka gift
Well, they're eight days of answers as in the dumpster that other one
How they how can they be related the three of them one of them two of them are so cute and one of them is so ugly
How's that possible?
Mm-hmm. Maybe he's got maybe he's got like something defective in his jeans. Maybe he's the mailman's kids speaking of my mouse dying
The biggest names the best talent is the mad dog
Oh
The sports video 560 QAM these sports leaders
Oh my god
I'm right on the air you can tell your fans you don't like their demands if they have some
Just say no
And then tell goma can't to tell the management you want nobody missing with your show
Go round from Finland to and when your shift is through tell George you can relax and smoke some weed
And then go tell joebell that he can go to hell even almost makes you miss great greed
But don't play a fart the sound of a fart. I don't think George would understand
Because if you play a fart the sound of a fart you'll be in trouble with the beastly clean
You
Lumb 47 13 to noon at 560 WQAM one thing. I'll say about that Josh Cortes
Boy does he have a lot of hootspa? I just got your setting him a check not that long ago. Did I? I don't know wasn't that long ago
You sure as I wasn't no three months. I'll guarantee you that well I do know
When it gets closer to like Christmas in Chinooka time then maybe I'll send you some more money Cortes
Otherwise get out of my face get out of my face and get out of my space and
Talk about being out of touch with this show Greg formerly from Detroit who tried to hire me several times
He says I know Detroit blows. That's why I'm in Austin nobody in radio will hire me. So I open a business F clear channel
Glad to hear your well play the sofa king spot makes me pee my pants every time like we can play the sofa king spot
Greg are you claiming or what he is so out of touch and we wish like you don't know we should have played for you right now 10 times can't do it
Can't do it
Can't do this and can't do that and can't play this and can't play that because these people are scared crapless man
They are scared of their own shadow and when it comes to competing. It's not it. That's the words not of their vocabulary
Now fat man after dark is back again
Senior see I told you and let me say it again. I don't care how religious they are
Because one thing I've discovered about people who proclaim to be religious just like Jim Baker and Jimmy Swagger and all the other
The more religious they claim to be the more horny they are and the more they're screwing and doing
So fat man says senior I told you that Jonas Brothers are religious nuts which probably means they're just looking for someone to step in and
Reverse their brainwashing any volunteers. I got my hand up in the air and I got the other one up in the year too
But I only got two hands of the third one the ugly one he'll have to he'll have to a concert with somebody else
You know I made a bad mistake or toward besides showing up here today
I invited mr. Radio as the subject critiques of the show. I didn't ask for critiques of the show
I asked for some material okay not for a critique of the show. I don't do critiques mr. Radio
One take calls but we'd out the cranks half that Chris screened the calls call block the cranks
One number one we can't call block anybody on this horseball station and number two. I'm not I'm not in the screening calls
And I'm also not in the people tell me how to do the show you a hole
Did I tell you this guy's a jerk you mentioned that
Number two have someone on staff record news and TV broadcast
If you're interested if you play each day this will be material talk about
Cillin on staff like we've got a staff you ask for material and you got it. Oh my god
This man is a crazy person treat bring back the old bits. Sorry. I can't play him
For bringing you friendly guests once in a while remember the Dion show at WIOD. Yeah, there's one
And five people of the inside to radio talk radio wars are great. Oh this guy is just
From hunger you are the worst the all-time mr. Radio 610 is his email address by the way
Mr. Radio 610
I wonder if that's just a coincidence or if he just happens to be one of those chronics over there
Bring back the radio wars. Oh
God must be Joey Reynolds boyfriend
What do you think what do you think maybe go away mr. Radio like a show do us a favor
He asked what he could do here's the answer go away
You're annoying
Mania telehassee says enjoy from the Sunday times in somewhere online
Ah
It's a whole thing here about the Jonas Brothers. It says no need to lock up your daughters
Yeah
Is it because of that ring thing or some other thing? Yeah, they got ring
Well, I can't tell you what kind of ring they wear yeah
Oh
It begins with a C yeah copper no chance to the chance to yeah
Oh
Whoo
It's got pictures in all here. There's the ugly one on the right. I
Nick I'm sure is the Joe is the one with a dark jet black hair and the little punky one
I think is Nick who looks like he needs a meal somebody feed him please he looks like he's got Karen Carpenter syndrome
So who sent this manny thanks manny and telehassee you know let's see the people in Dayton Broward stiffs and telehassee
They got nothing else going on so they're sending me emails
Neil at neorages.com by the way is that address mr. Radio go away. I'll block you again. You just get out of my face. You're an idiot
Critiques of the show
Go critique somebody else's show k. You smuck you loser you he's got boxes and boxes and boxes of tapes
But he's gonna critique the show like I need some assistance from a loser like him
To tell me how to do a radio show
I know how to do a show with my hands tied behind my back and believe you me. That's what we do every day here
Wow from the Sunday
Brick times online the Jonas Brothers no need to lock up your daughters
The Jonas Brothers are the celibate squeaky clean boy band of pre-pubescent dreams. What would it take to lead them in his temptation?
And
There's a long article here. I could read this to put everybody into a coma
Said I read it. Are you threatening me? It'll take us till midnight. It goes on forever
I just don't think that anyone in the audience is as interested in the Jonas Brothers as you are
Although are you kidding me? There's some spoilers. I'm sorry. Are you kidding me? There's some queen barb barring them. Yeah, some sorry. Yeah
Already a small number of teenage girls are stalking the soho hotel the Jonas Brothers have only been here a few hours
They arrived last night on a private jet from
Lofton from Germany to to Luton from Germany. We're according to one publicist
There are several a CD signing caused mayhem fans hysterical with hormonal overload
desperate to read the same air as the objects that their love lusted fantasy and not that good
The Jonas their fans call them did you know that? No, see we learned something already here
The Jonas are what happens when teenage girls rule
They are three almost perfect pretty pop stars except for the ugly one untouched and untouchable working pretty much the same
Dynamic as the osman several decades ago
You hear the sirens coming to get me
Kosey and real they sing nicely crafted pop rock songs last year
They toured with Miley Cyrus and earlier this year they did their own multi-million dollar tour
Their movie camp rock was Disney channels most watch non-sequel film on a premier this year
They've entered the Forbes top 100 most powerful celebrities at number 89 earning six million pounds over the last year
That's 12 million bucks and that figure is rising fast
Their music has aged nuance whether rock or rapi they cite their influences as prince Elvis Castello and Johnny Cash
They walked the line they both look fine the songs are written mostly by Nick the youngest of the band at sixteen
Joe is 19. He has straight here. He's straight while the others are curly
He's flirting and wants to be Mick Jagger Kevin 21 is thin lip serious
I can't tell which is what they never put the names under the pictures except the Joe is 19 that's old enough
It's hard to believe their songs of love and life and all its complicates are written by a 16 year old who's never had a serious relationship
And it seems unlikely to have anyone anytime soon given that they're
Either touring the world promoting albums or locked into another TV studio for Jonas the TV show which seems to be reality show in the mode of the monkeys
They say it's more like the cult sitcom flight of the concords
Which makes things really weird or what makes things is what Russell brand put it out at the MTV Music Awards
Each wears a ring to say they are not going to have sex before marriage
They can have sex with any woman they want but choose not to or with any guy they want
That's like Superman deciding to use the bus instead of a superpowers
Americans find this hard to take
The American idol winner Jordan Sparks who also wears a ring retorted not everybody wants to be a slut
My race service also has a purity ring
She was rumored of mandating they also ring Nick Jonas you can't help wondering what they didn't what they didn't do
But he tells me later they didn't have any kind of romance she might have liked taking a sniff, you know
Anyway last night loads of German fans went crazy for what they couldn't have Kevin beautifully groomed him accidentally
Press trousers jacket buttoned up indoors tight curly here comes down to talk to me first and it goes on and on and on
On hundred pages of this
When Nick was 13 you discovered he had diabetes
How do you like that?
See you have an in maybe he needs to be nursed back to health
Unless Nick is the ugly one in which case let him maybe he takes injections and you can help him
Oh no there he goes again
Recktoes starting with that filth I never I never brought that starting with that disgusting filth
That's all you think about is hanky spanky
Too bad they can't swim
This is the reason that people barely listen to you anymore
Says somebody who's listening you're totally out of touch with what's going on here for example
I remember how much you ran it endlessly when the i95 flyover was built now they built these new i95 express lanes
Which are much worse you haven't read the word about it
Have you had you been ranting about it when it opened your phone board would know it out of been lit up like Christmas tree
And you know what they still would have built them and nothing would change
I ran at the bottom. We're good. There you go. George is down there
He's yeah like I want to be there so I can talk about highways and the crap like that and the metro fail
Get cereal and I love people have emailed me telling me that nobody listens to me anymore except they're listening
They can tell me everything I do talk about and everything I don't talk about
Fake Larry King says tell that mr. Raider to get a life what station is he on tell him and Johnny dark to go make love and go the hell away
What make another one?
This is mark Morgan is the 12 to one hour on Q8M
In record stores now. It's the most repulsive Christmas album. You'll ever hear
Ali McBio purges all the Christmas favorites
Listen to it while eating a fruit case
How do you like that?
Bravo to the 560 WQM what's that Wednesday schedule look like we got the big O2 to 4
Oh, who's always rock solid and then it got some bad news for you. No mad doggy today
He's already worked his quota. I guess he'll be back tomorrow, but today we got
That from 4 to 7 and then we got dolphin. What is it dolphin tonight?
Can I have it away with Kim a boat camper one of the worst two-nots in the history of the business and then 8 till 11
We got DA trying to follow dead air
So that's the schedule we got the only change
Yoli pencil them in
Maybe Madeline will be attuned in between 4 and 7 somebody's got to
Here's one from Mohawar david did did
Subject there's no national guard in Iraq
Says hi ginger. It's me Mohawar david. I'm excited to know that I'm still a big part of your show
But don't don't remember I'm listening
Now where's that under? It's under HD
I'm listening
Huh, well we got him under so many different uh right. I don't think so
I think it's just under there's I'm a decider
I'm a GI Joe. I'm a lesbian
Oh, we can't play that one. I'm an in well
I'm a nut
I'm not your wife. Oh here it is. I know I find it. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening
What's it up?
I'm listening. Okay, maybe a libaster can play that instead of Roy, but I doubt it
It says um, I'm here in bokeh still bored. I can't sell the place. I bought it during the peak and now it's upside down
It sucks. I interviewed with serious for the opening when Tony Bruno departed, but of course I didn't get it
They gave the gig to the crow call me homey
They said he brings more to the table than I do talk to gildy every now and then but I can't be seen with him
He takes that if it's free. I'll take three to another level
He makes me look modest
He'll squeak his way to a free porterhouse at any charity event in South Florida and a little tub of crap beast
Tell that little short bad fat bastard not to come anywhere near cemetery village
Because our run is fat ass award my towncar that if I would money the dolphins gave me when they say get the hell out
I was always a jet fan anyway. Yeah, I hated manage to plus. He said Howard David's a bitch
Screw that Republican anyway and Hank wow did you see money? S.V.N. He looks like he ate the beast
You know ginger. I still regretten fighting him over for Thanksgiving the first year. I was at Q.A.M
Let's just say it was the first and last holiday. There were no leftovers. Moeful me
Jay feeders doing okay in case anyone's wondering oops got to go. I think well chamberlains here
And then it's got a bunch of
Sign moe how we David did it yet. That was the first act by
Johnny Joe blowing moe out and that's your that's your work that well didn't it?
Yep, that was the end
I know what sounds ridiculous to say but in its own bizarre way
Our
Be says schooled out item 2b and look who's at number 35 spot somebody's listening in Boston today good day run from bokeh
What does that mean? Oh?
Hi, oh majority radio schooled out at number 35
Neil Rogers six votes six votes for what? I don't know the top 10 progressive talkers. I see
Mike Mulwoy got 208 Tom Hartman 182
Rachel Maddow 156 I'm a Randy Rhodes got 129
Ed Schultz 85
A whole bunch of people on here nobody ever heard of Ron Reagan 60 votes. Oh, you screamer
Uh built press got 44 vote
Jay Marvin 13 remember we were talking about him yesterday. Yes, Alan Coleman 13
Uh
Alex Bennett 6 Neil Rogers 6 tied with Alice Bennett
Then Samuel's four while I'm in real select company Al Sharpton won
At least I'd be the Al
What what is this in?
This is in the Boston something. I don't know what this is in
WVKO listener appreciation at I don't know what it works from
Mr. Radio went away by the way. Let's hope that's a permanent condition
Here's one it says from Johnny I totally agree with you on the Jonas Brothers the only thing hotter than the Jonas Brothers is Kirk Herbstreet
Woo and there's a picture here. I've got to leave now
Wow
Look at that pick
But nevertheless you you wouldn't appreciate it. I do. Thank you so much
By the way, yes, what do you grabber calls and said that he has done two Jonas Brothers Constituent?
He's done two of them. Yes, and has met them
And and nothing he you know, that's it end of story
He he did two concerts and he met them right well. I have one response to that Woody well congratulations get alive
I mean, what what is that that means you know the next time that you see you would be up with the Joe?
I don't know. I think you can hook you up with electrodes
I like that Joe come and spend the holidays here with me nice quality quiet, you know, mm-hmm
Hmm
What nothing he's something man. I'll tell you I can't see the word on the air he's something
19 is an ice age. I mean it's a little bit young, but you know what's you get to be an old troll? What the hell difference is it make?
If it's legal then it's fine and even if it's like very close
You know, I mean by that no what check ID always check ID. That's a good idea check ID and then go nuts
I'd I'd whip that ring off so fast that chastity ring. I you know people are
I'm one of those believe in living let live do no harm all of that. I've talked about it for years, but
I do not understand people. Well, what what is that whole I mean obviously it's a scam
To make them more appealing to the young girls so that the parents don't get all you know freaked out
Mm-hmm. You see what I'm saying? Yes, that's obviously what that's all about make them more wholesome, you know more
appealing
less threatening
I think I news for a man any well, I said so who did you turn down?
Taylor Swift I think her name is who's that she's a young very pretty country star
I see and he said uh-uh don't don't touch you no feeling no squeezy no sniffy
No Yankee
Okay, here's a very Steven Jersey who's just out of control. I mean this is so long
But I'll read it because we don't have any other emails because your call sucked
I think what I could do the rest of the day today is just play
Roy Roy
Over and over again since that seems to be such a big hit in the market um figures
No items in this view none zip-a-dee-doo dog. Let me click that thing out that you like to uh,
Dittle with the center receive thing yeah and see if a whole bunch of emails pop up on there. No no items in this view nothing
Zip-a-dee-doo dog zip-a-dee-ay. Oh my god. He's sounding so gay so fe
719 whatever happened to Billy fe
That's a good question for our harness racing aficionados out there. What happened to Billy fe?
Used to be big shot used to be hot stuff
It says Mr. Show live Tuesday, but enjoying the archive this morning
It's a real treat listing when I want to like the rest of the vast audience
It doesn't have to wake up in south road to hear you and on the archives
List is conserved through the endless awful QA and commercials to get back to the show
Amen to your comments on sports and options that can't shut the f up can't leave a second go by without somebody putting unneeded
Bup-bup-bup-bup-bup-bup in can't just let the action go
I remember the days when you could listen to the background sound even on golf for 10 seconds and just soak it in
I
Had the TV on with the sound down on some sports show yesterday between jox nippers and suits and tie and tie and hyperventilating over plexigo
I caught Dan La Bastard his face was so orange either bathed in man tan or he went face down into a
pumpkin
It's a chopped off of something pumpkin
The other day an emailer commented on token blacks on f NFL shows
WTF he says there's four black guys with shaved heads on suits on every desk on every show shanol please
I thank god
I don't have to watch and listen to that much mouth junkie Michael Irvin either
There are the requisite white guys Terry Danny Jimmy Chris Collins worth and the second all time couldn't win the big one token white guy boomer
The thought that anyone listened to these two pinheads Jim Rome Wiggorx Wiggorx Jordan there and Joe Scarborough only confirms that people will listen to anything
And then he goes out about the wall marked the buckle and a near death experience he had which is too long
Neil keep up your medallion
I'm not listening anymore updates and please keep the serious violets and whispered down updates
And keep checking on George to see if he's actually listening to the show and unimmersed in this online Cuban soap porn
PS the very last godfather trivia the baby that Michael is godfather to baptized while everybody is getting whacked is
Sophia Coppola years before she bought the franchise to a screeching halt
You didn't know that did you nope that's the baby it's Sophia
Maybe he poured too much water on the schnauz and like grew yeah it grew some
Why do I not pay any attention I got Cuban soap down so 73 what I said I'm not paying any attention
I got Cuban soap porn going over here. Oh good no items in this view. How do you like that
Like I said today is the day the emails died
And I got news for I'd rather have it say no items in this view than mr. radio that that that
crap that critique
Although stupid ass suggestions a each one dumber than the previous one
Everybody who listens to these shows thinks that they can do it better that they they got a better idea
How you should do it or even though they listen every minute of every day and have zillions of tapes
They've got tapeworm. They've got so many tapes mr. Radio
I wonder what he does that I would be maybe he polishes Disney's nose
Fourth
The twist, because God has broken
That dance is a success
There won't be no dance in this sin
I believe the party too
I can't go on as proud
If they catch a dance and be a shit
I think they'll say they do what they have to work
Unless you will and to take the chance
I wouldn't try it, I think I'll pass
Don't dance
Don't dance
Don't do the best with Tader
Or what you'll see too
Or a martial arts problem
It's gonna bust you
Don't dance
Don't dance
We don't allow dancing here
You will see two dancing
Maybe at least not so now
Stop, go to hell
Oh, don't let go to hell
Let me with our new general
That you'll go to hell
It's your time to go to hell
Oh, don't say go to hell
Oh, don't say go to hell
Let me with our new general
That you'll go to hell
It's your time to go to hell
Oh, don't dance
Don't dance
And space will rise above your head
And the hookah, hookah, got to do
Will rise in wide a fist
That's flying the root of love
Damn God
From 18 to 560 WQM, here's an immediate response from Mr. Radio
Hopefully the last one
Just go the hell away already, will you?
Just go away, I already turned it that a couple weeks ago
Go away
How rude, how this?
Yeah, just get a life
Okay, I'm not interested in you and your boxes of tapes
And your digitized A-hole and whatever else you got
He says, you surly bastard
I think Johnny Dork is right about you
See, he's still doing stick, Johnny Dork
You've become so surly in your old age
I'm not surly at all
I'm the same as I was 10 years ago, 20 years ago
Am I right?
Yeah
Not anymore, surly
Maybe more girly
I thought you asked me for a critique earlier
Did I ask him for a critique?
I don't remember that
No, I said if you want to help the show
Just continue sending your material and your crap
And all this other stuff
And that would be the way you could contribute
Because that's what he asked before
Because I said nobody else very much is emailing the day any out
I didn't ask for some kind of a stupid-ass critique
And then he says, excuse me for trying to contribute to the show
Well, if that's your idea of contributing
You used to tell me how to do the show then blow it out
Your stupid anonymous ass, Mr. Radio
What did I tell you before?
Anybody who calls himself Mr. Radio is just a lifeless groupie
In fact, how many times?
I have no life
How many times did he say I have no life?
Not 30, man
I have no life
Right?
In the earlier email
I have no life
See, when somebody tells you they have no life
I mean, that's you can bet your life on it
I mean, a lot of these people don't have to tell us that we already know it
But when they volunteer the information
That's like putting in big bold letters on a billboard
Saying Mr. Radio has no life and he doesn't
So just take all those tapes and go back to the old days
When I wasn't so surly
When I was a really nice sweet guy
And all this other
The dows only have 14 points by the way
Oh
Today's Woodbine Wednesday by the way I'm going to make a lot of money
Good or not?
I'm going to have a good time
I'll say that
Two o'clock I'll be out of here
I'm going to keep you posted with Bulletin's on when I got my shirt on
I'll let you know when I have my pantaloonies on and my shoes
Oh, you don't put your pants on first?
First what?
Before my shirt?
Right
No
Okay
You put your pants on before you put your shirt on?
Sometimes
What a surety idea that is
Well, I don't talk it in like you do
Or my shirt
I want to be sure
Yeah
I wonder if the Jonas Brothers talking in
A bit of they do
Maybe I'd like to talk those two of them into bed at night
Haha
Yo, baby
Be the official
You've had a bedtime guy
That last picture
And it wasn't naked either
And in what I tell you they look better with their clothes on
Believe me, especially the one
He looks like he has not a meal in 80 years
God, somebody feed that kid a sandwich
Maybe that's what
And no sex, no food
And there was some other little article I was reading about
And what the whole deal?
You know, no drugs, no smoking, no drinking, no touchy, no peepee, no nothing
What kind of a life is that?
A lie
That's what it is
Oh, they say that
You don't believe it?
You think there's not a drinker
I've been there, I've been there done that
I've been a teenage born again Christian
I know exactly what goes on
Hanky spanky
Sure
I remember one year, many years ago
I was like vacationing and I was in Panama City beach
For somebody, I was just driving around the state
And they had one of these Christian retreat kind of things for the kids you know teenagers
On the beach
Born again, devout, holier than all the rest of us
And they were screwing their brains out right there on the beach
Kind of interesting
Carl says I'm working from home now
So my daily poll vote is hit or miss
What does that mean?
But it says we're listening
I was in a Virginia garden's hardware story yesterday and I said hey this place should have Neal on
The owner said he was a fan but didn't know you were still on the year
Oh my god
Oh, I'm going to kill myself right now I'm going to do
We hear stuff like that all the time
What?
Year stories like that all the time since we've come here
Looks like a billboarder to a long way to bump the number of these girls
They don't promote this show, they don't promote anything that we do
We're an embarrassment
They don't want to be associated with us, they don't want to be associated with our website
They don't sell any spots, they don't do anything for this show
Even muff, you notice how muff is vanished too?
Probably no coincidence
Unless she's on vacation or something, is she on vacation?
I don't know
You seen her around Chris?
This week earlier?
Yeah, it's all this week one day
Yeah
So not on vacation just avoiding us
Just avoiding us because we've got no restaurant last week, we've got no restaurant this week
I mean I don't want to talk about this stuff on the year but why did he not?
Doff, go to the instant
Anyways, there's just a little note to let you know tomorrow December 4th
Is the 15th anniversary of the death of Frank Zappa?
Were you aware of that?
No
Oh my god, we ought to play all the uncensored Frank Zappa bits, sure
Like
Hey there people on Bob and Brown
This the on the cue is boy and down
My car is fast, my teeth is shining
I tell all the girls they can kiss my hiding
What part of that bit is it that we can't play or that song?
It's later
Oh, well thank god for that
Has to do with a spindle and where he puts it
A spindle in his...
Brechtone ass?
Yeah
Wow
It says I always thought that you possessed some of the same qualities that he had
Frank Zappa, the only difference being obviously that I'm still alive
Both of you were iconoclastic, one who attacks her
And then he tells me what that means
In parentheses, as if I don't know what that means
Oh, come on Bob
And at the same time icons of respect to our form
Please see if you can do a small tribute to this great tale
We just did, that was it
George's axis is some choice of Zappa tracks
Maybe Bobby Brown partially
Or when does it hurt when I pee?
Why does it hurt?
What is it?
That's not...
Anyway, we great to hear some Frank Zappa
I'm your friends, his Bobby, I'm your friend
We played a little Bobby Brown
I tell you what, there's no Jonas Brothers
736 votes, what's our goal?
800?
Something good to me
Yeah, let's pick 800
Okay, pick it right over there
Because I changed this poll yesterday
I don't know what time
Late afternoon, I want to say
I want to say and I will say
And I'm going to say
What past features of the Niroagir show would you like to see resurrected?
736 votes
Fart Sounds 217
Overwhelmingly
And Johnny Joe Bell in one of our very first phone conversations said to me
I think it's ridiculous, Neil, that you can't play Fart Sounds on here
Even on cartoons they have Fart Sounds
Even on shows that little kids watch they have Fart Sounds
And then I went in the ear and I played Fart Sounds the next day or whatever
And oh gee, I didn't see you could go ahead and play Fart Sounds
This man is so terrified of his own shadow
That if he were a groundhog, you'd have to commit hairy curing
You know what I mean?
Yep, scared of his own shadow, terrified
Oh geez, don't play Fart Sounds
Neil I never said, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah
The autome balance tell me why on Laurie records by the way and then he left that they split up. He went to Columbia and they went to Hell I can't be the name of it tell me why sure it is. Yo. What do you mean that, can't be the name of it? It's I wonder why I bet you are doesn't Chris be creamI.
Here talking about that yeah, I wonder why
I wonder
Do you know what I would have done in the time?
I would have done it in the night.
No, why do you?
Maybe I do.
No, I don't know.
No one can hear.
I mean that that that falsetto stuff, you know, I mean there was okay with the BG's and
Frankie Valley in the four seasons they got away with that the falsetto stuff.
But the bell monster.
Oh, no one will tell you.
Like that.
And I'll tell you one thing, there's no Jonas Brothers.
That's for Dan Sieg.
The best talent.
Your physical largest.
Forty-two-five sixty-c.a.m.
The fourth lead.
Lick it and stick it.
Dude, man.
Nobody likes to get up in the morning.
But let's face it, party all night.
Sleep all day.
Mix Johnny one unemployed convenience store worker.
That's why you need the Rock and Roll alarm clock.
No wimpy beep, beeps here.
Just gut wrenching high decibel screens from today's top rock artists.
You'll await to Bruce Springsteen and Joe Cocker.
Chris Robinson from the Black Rose.
And for the true comatose snooze out, there's the Who Alarm.
That's a wake up.
Call them or your warm food, man.
Studies show Stoke Brands respond to the Rock and Roll alarm clock.
Get it now and headbang your way into a new day.
Okay, what a beautiful day by the way in the Hogtown.
Sunshine, it's going to be five today, 42.
And you're complaining about, oh, it was so cold last night.
Oh, gee, Wilkers.
Good thing it was nice and toasty when I was down there last weekend.
Toasty was complaining.
Somebody was complaining.
Maybe it was Fat Chris.
No, it was an emailer.
Oh, it was some email.
Jack asked you.
Fat Chris don't have to complain.
He's got enough lining on there.
Even more.
Here's one from Johnny Dark.
I'm beginning to think you're right.
This is not the real Johnny Dark.
It's all one person.
It's all Mr. Radio.
Whoever Mr. Radio is, that's all these people.
Eric King, Johnny Dark.
Leave Mr. Radio alone.
I happen to enjoy his emails.
You hate everybody.
You hate full bastard.
You.
I just want to be more like the people I'm talking to.
I hate.
There you go.
They say I can't relate.
So I hate.
Here's one from the fake Josh Cortis.
Did you drop my and for whatever reason?
I have no idea what happened there.
But during that last break, all of a sudden we had a whole bunch of emails come in.
Maybe it's been on maybe somebody blocked it.
Maybe Eric had his foot on the break.
Maybe the log jam.
Jam on this.
Ever have a log jam?
Oh, yeah.
Once had a log jam.
My back.
That's beside the point.
Fake Josh Cortis said, did you drop my check in the mail during the last break?
Warm what kisses Josh.
He's not due.
I'll let you know what I'm going to send the check right around the holiday time.
Maybe around the 15th.
What's the day today?
The third?
You got a long wait, Cortis.
I just, talk about football, man.
He really has got balls, you know?
Maybe when you start banging that Russian chick, his former girlfriend.
She'll think whether he had balls or not.
Sure it did.
What's she saying?
Not I can tell you.
She said she reminded him of Nixon's former buddy, BB Robozo.
Yeah, BB.
That's Cortis.
He's got BBs.
Baby, he's got the balls of a butterfly.
I wonder about the Jonas Brothers.
I wonder what they got.
Under that ring.
Why did I see that?
I'm so sorry that I saw that.
You know, you're watching TV and your flipping channels.
And once in a while, something catches your eye and you say,
Oh my God.
What's that?
Who that?
What is that?
It was a Billy Ray Cyrus.
And who's the other ones?
No, the other ones.
Miley Cyrus.
Oh, he was not Miley Cyrus.
Billy Ray Cyrus.
And who else?
And the one who's Miley Cyrus.
Yeah, that's Miley Cyrus.
It was not Miley Cyrus.
It was the same person.
Hannah Montana is a character played by Billy Ray Cyrus' daughter, Miley.
Then why did it say Billy Ray Cyrus on the thing?
It might not have.
Maybe I dreamed it.
Did I dream it?
I'm not a touch with that stuff.
I'm not 10 years old for a six.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah, once the brothers came on, I was like five.
I was like a queenager.
God dang.
They still make people like that.
Well, good.
Maybe I'll find one someday.
I doubt it.
Anyway, here's one from Robert, who's an Ojan provocateur who wants to whip up a bunch of crap.
So I guess that's what they're trying to do across the street to start a radio war.
That's what that's all about.
Not going to happen.
We don't care about you, folks.
Okay, your small potatoes.
You always have been since they put that garbage on in your wall.
These might be coming from over there anyway.
The fake.
Of course.
What else are they going to do?
Niel, if you heard the tickets lay this promo, which they caught your station a bunch of little girls and husbands.
How they're going to take your lunch money?
Yeah.
Take your lunch money and stick it up your ass.
Niel, are the macho jox at WQM going to take this?
I think Kimboville campers should go across the street and kick their ass.
Good.
Be a good place for them.
And maybe you can go across the street and stay there.
Adam in Kitchener Waterloo, where were the hell he's hanging it out?
Subject.
You're so full of hate.
He's just joking.
He says, don't let those ass hats get to you.
Good news is it's a woodbine Wednesday.
Best luck today.
Thanks, Adam.
There's a good guy.
Doesn't have a life.
But he's in Waterloo, Ontario.
What do you expect?
The life.
That was up 72.
Want me to check cereal?
Yeah, sure.
Let's check cereal.
It was at 17 cents today.
It was 22 yesterday.
Let's see, I'm in my Google thing there in my box.
It says Jonas Brothers Religious Nuts.
And boy, there was a lot of stuff on that.
Serious stock.
Come on.
You can do it.
There it is.
I got cereal.
Oh, here it is.
It's coming.
It was 17 cents before.
And now it's 18 cents.
All right.
It's a selling opportunity, Maria.
Where's my fake Maria Bartoromo today?
Now that's it, I was making a little bit of it.
It was up over 8,5801.
Well, what's going on here?
All of a sudden with the emails.
Not that I'm complaining, by the way.
They finally woke up.
Maybe they don't realize the show starts at 10.
Oh, this is a joke.
Should I try one?
Oh, it's true.
I want what?
Now it's some racial thing.
I'm not dealing with it.
You want to do racial stuff.
Send it to somebody else, OK?
Send it to some racist bastard.
Here are some shots from the copper tones sign on Valinglass.
That is 73rd and Biscayne.
That area has gone from one of the most depressed areas to be one of the most dynamic.
Up and coming artsy areas, it says.
And here's the copper tones sign.
Woohoo!
Hallelujah.
73rd and Biscayne.
Where's the hookers?
Right there.
Oh, you're so out of touch, Neil.
And I don't understand this one guy.
He keeps sending me.
It just hasn't addressed.
And there's no material.
It says no subject.
And there's no content.
I think maybe he's got some kind of an issue.
I don't know.
Like being an idiot.
Frank and Melbourne says a couple of weeks ago he had George play Link Ray's Rumble.
I thought he wouldn't want to link CDs.
Not bad.
But while doing so, I stumbled across.
When he sent this to me yesterday, I was just going to say, Dick Dale's Mizor-Lew,
which we played yesterday, this George have nitro.
We just played it yesterday.
Oh, Frank and Melbourne, you're so, you got to listen, baby.
Oh, this one finally came through on the third try.
They tried it three times.
Now that Sean Avery is gone, I can say that he was not a character guy,
but had a lot of grit, which helped him.
He sucks Paul and Weston.
Go Paul laws.
Yeah, Sean Avery is a lunatic.
A disgrace to the league.
End of the human, subhuman race.
God.
At any rate, we don't want to get into no hockey talk.
Well, maybe the Leafs lost to the sharks is on here.
Should I check on Leafs TV and see?
It's, yeah, if you want.
Wouldn't have made my season.
Oh, there's Ron Wilson.
So, do you beat the group?
But about to me, he's a real loser.
If ever, if ever there was one.
Where do they find these people?
Paul Marisa's back in Carolina.
He said nothing could be finer than be coach in Carolina.
And it's day off of Spadina.
Mark and Kendall says, I have children.
So, unfortunately, I know about these Jonas kids.
It's the Jonas brothers to you, Mark.
It's too bad that the hype machine is putting this crap into people.
It's the most conscious.
And this is the other way he spelled that.
Don't worry, Mark.
I'm illiterate too.
I find it hilarious that these kids feel the need to espouse their moral beliefs.
Reminds me a lot of Republicans as well as a lot of performers before them
who have used the same playbook.
I can't call them hypocrites yet because they haven't been caught yet.
PS, who the hell?
This is the good part.
Forget about those Jonas brothers.
I'm trying.
I'm trying very hard.
PS, who the hell does the beast think he is?
He is so badly wants to be associated with your show.
For him to say that Chris is jealous of him is ridiculous.
And a tub, a tub of lard in his position can afford to be ridiculous.
I added that last part.
It says, beast will jump into the chance to take Chris's job.
What a piece of turd.
Hey, Chris, lose some weights as Mark and Kendall.
Yeah, lose some weight and stay alive so that beast don't jump in there and take your job.
Okay.
What is his job?
I asked that yesterday and you never really gave me an answer.
Um, an update guy?
He does the updates on what?
On the big O-short A7?
On what?
He does them sometimes for 4 to 7.
And he goes together the hurricanes.
What happened to Ken by the way?
He does 2 to 4.
Oh, there it is.
He does 2 to 4 today.
Not tomorrow though.
We got John Eldomar.
Who's that?
That would be Linder.
Oh, John Linder, who occasionally fills in on the air and does some horse ball of the sports show.
Yeah.
I never heard him.
He might be a good guy.
Is he?
He doesn't ask that.
Oh, there you go.
Am I as good on the air?
I've only heard him once or twice.
He was fine.
He also does a show on the West Coast on Sundays.
On the West Coast.
Yeah, that's a big deal.
On the West Coast?
Naples.
I don't know if it's a B-L-E station or not, but it's over in the name.
Speaking of that, you'll never believe where the next email is from after the break.
David in Naples, New York.
Could that happen again in a million years, huh?
Woo!
The best tower.
He's in the old Rajas.
Forty-of-five sixty-q-a-m.
Big, fourth leaves.
The biggest names.
The best talent.
It's the big dog, Jo-Ro.
Weak day morning, seven at 10.
Sports radio, five sixty-q-a-m.
Z.
Sports radio.
Holy macken on.
This is Jo-Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority
Neil God.
Thank you, guys!
Thank you, sir!
Thank you all for the hard work.
Hare Hockey, Hare Muscoff!
Gurly Swenson!
Hello!
Beautiful tale.
Har Dis vibe, bourgeoisie!
Oh, no.
There's some busy hunting sport.
Gricky ricky ricky ricky ricky.
Gricky ricky ricky ricky ricky ricky.
Gricky ricky ricky ricky ricky ricky ricky ricky ricky.
Gricky ricky ricky ricky.
What was that noise?
Let me take a look at this security monitor.
Anything to do with sports?
No, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car is okay, though.
Oh.
Go back to the found.
ove
46 at 560 WQM the dollars of 70 points everybody is just happy as a pig and slop man, aren't they?
Yeah sure what in so anyway, how many votes do we were we going for?
887 54 you got a pretty good shot. I would say it's in the sack. It's in your sack
Oh, they're starting again the as serious people are starting again the same old boring stuff fake berry jackass fake Phil Henry out
Ain't gonna happen. I'm not going anywhere nobody offered me a dime full-time part-time
My time you're a time okay
That's the thing that so I'm using about all this so they keep talking about new Rogers up
Well, you know something nobody has offered me a penny a scent
Wincentavo
So anyway, David and April's New York says thanks for your yours of excellence and good humor your Christmas specials and bid collections are among the best radio ever
I can't wait you deserve syndication even if you're too ahead of your time and Cox and the FCC and whatever
What what does that mean?
I guess he assumes no, it's a beastly owns this station not Cox
I've moved to Naples, New York on candidate will make after seven years in South Florida
And I still have to dial in to listen to your show live streaming on the internet. It's that good usually
LOL usually don't let that slipper George get you down
He's lucky you blessed him with a job, but he knows it. You know it
Yeah, I'm getting you down
Well, you why don't you know what that means?
Aren't you the one that said I got you down oh, yeah, yeah, that's me keep up the great work
Hope you enjoyed Toronto and the excellent people in winter sports PS
Well, here's one the audience is gonna have to answer because I don't know. Where's the best gaming in the Northeast?
I was disappointed by the Niagara Falls casinos two crowded no deals is there a better around anything is better than like falls view
And I apologize for recommending that when I first came up here went and started going to falls you a couple times
I mean if you're like a heavy player, they'll give you they'll comp your room and meals and for like four or five grand, you know comp
You know what I mean? No, what he means not complimentary when you have to lose four or five six grand to work to get it
Although you know what they have at the falls view casino downstairs that groan in cheese. No, oh, Johnny F and Rockets
Oh, hey, that's what I discovered it. There was the first Johnny F and Rockets. I've rated I love the
What you call us? What do you call it the sandwiches on rye? Oh, okay with the onions?
Penny milk. That's right. I'm old and feeble. Don't I see you you got to be there to pick up the ball. You know, don't don't get me down. All right. Sorry about that
I just had to redo my mouse again. So I guess that means it's almost there time to go shopping
Am I right? Yes
Now what what am I supposed to get and optical here's this you go into any place that sells computer mice
and get the cheapest one and leave the store with it pay for it leave the store
There's no such thing as a mechanical mouse anymore. Do I have to win? No
You want you turn the computer off plug the new mouse and turn the computer on it works
Really just like that? Well, how will you that's my kind of installation man or if you want to you know that
Like if you go into a place like you know like best buy for example or any of those places or an office depot
You know any any place like that they usually have the mice displayed get one that that fits your hand nicely a nice comfortable fit in your hand
Oh, I've been looking for one of those for a long time have we all maybe the Jonas Brothers could help me out
Maybe they've got a comfortable well mouse try them out Joe see which one fits in your hand nice
I have two hands
Okay, so the fake Phil Henry says my good friend bubble went on a tie right against Sirius yesterday
He only has a few days on his contract left and Jeremy Coleman and friends are ignoring him your name came up on the year
Yeah, so
My name came up on the year
Yeah, so what does that mean? Why why do these delirious people continue?
Hacking me and bothering me with a serious crap when when first of all number one
They're gonna go out of business next year and number two
They've never offered me a penny or shown any interest at all
Set back in the beginning when Norma slept up there once they saw him they thought oh my god. This is your agent
Not only no and here we go the fake Barry Jackass
Who are you kidding? We have it on good word that Norma can't as in talks with Sirius XM
Are you going to work part time on Sirius when you start no and no part time full time no time when do I start I don't
God
Talk about a bunch of huzzarai probably Joe Bella sending those
Can you imagine how how he would rub his hind legs together and glee to get us out of here?
Yeah, can you even begin to imagine
He would be happier than a pig and
slop
I think I'm gonna check out Johnny Rockets next year too the local local okay now do you like uh, you know like
Because it's not chilly with beans
It's when they make you a chili
I saw that on the menu. It's just chilly
That's the only thing that's chilly like on me because I hate beans
Beans are for beers
So you get the chili with cheeseburger and it's like an open-faced burger and it's really good really?
Yeah, but that's with bread. I mean the patty melt it without the bread it's ribred which is
So you know order it without the bread on a plate
How big of her? Have it chilly burger without the bread on a plate. Will you stop getting me down?
Sorry, so the fake Josh Cortis is I'll have you know that my package is spectacular
You can ask fat Chris. He'll tell you
I don't have babies more like ping pong balls
Georgia will be embarrassed if he chases after my sloppy seconds. Comey chick
She'll take one look at his sack compared to mine and say yet
yet
That's kind of like what's his name so Jimmy Houston says that oh, we've tried it over the yet then yet
Off the side of the net. He is just anxious man
How he must have naked pictures of everybody at the cvc
Jimmy Houston just absolutely unacceptable. So where's the best gaming in the northeast all you folks?
You know, I've heard about those Connecticut the Indian casinos and all that other stuff. I don't never been there. Have you?
Yeah, just this morning
No, you've never been anywhere. Of course not. Yeah. Oh, I've never been anywhere
Dr. Al is back then and then we get rid of him
It says can I finally come up with an interesting email? Well, we'll see
We'll see
Your time daily with interesting shows. I can't even come up with an email interesting enough to read on the air not yet
Let's see if this one works
The only email of mine you read was about my exploding hemorrhoid, but I keep trying thanks for watching my emails
If my email suck just don't read them, but I get my kicks trying to write something airworthy
That's how it gets his kicks in other words. I have no lie. Right. That's just code for uh, I have no lie
I'm squeezing it right now and anticipation of being read last night. I had a dream that we were very worried
That doesn't mean I'm gay does it your loyal listener dr. Alps my hemorrhoids are much better now and learn to spell it would be good
Getting him cured is a good idea get the old rubber band man out there
Boy, I remember they tried to do that with me. They hadn't appointment schedule the whole the only somebody talked me out of it
Said that's the biggest scam going. Yeah rubber band
rubber band man. I love that song snap it spitter's you got it. Yeah, but I'll spin it by the spinners
I don't want to play it because I'm burning you a CD right now
So I don't want to touch the computer right now. Well, why are you doing that? Like mess about that? I was go to oh
Any good songs you don't they have any I have no idea. I mean they're they're all on uh you
You on online
Of course with my luck my mouse had probably break down just at the moment. I was about to see the good stuff
You know probably like to go and we were said. Where's the good stuff? I've been looking for it. No items in this view. How do you we had a flurry there man?
We had a frantic flurry like something really was happening on a show and then all of a sudden
That was it that was the end of that. I think I think mr. radio brought us to a crushing halt
Either that or the fake Barry jackass and the fake feel Henry again
Oh, they're talking about the with the norm can't not know they're not no, they're not
They're not talking with anybody. I know
They I guess you know the pressure gets to you when you know you're gonna go out of business and everybody
There's gonna be out of work. I mean how are what does he carry? He's makes a hundred million year. He's got more money than god
He's got more money than the government's got by now
But a lot of other little people but of course it's always the little people that gets screwed right? Yep
You guys know it. Mm-hmm
Am I right fat Chris the little people? Yeah, I bet you with your weight. You never thought you'd be one of the little people didn't you?
Boy, you know, but you are
You're one of the little people at QAM that you're talking about all the time
Because you're associated you're associated with the show just like for Allison
She actually had the goal to say once upon a time that she liked this show you're out honey. You're fired
We're making cutbacks
Bye-bye
And that's it. That was the end of her
Is she gone now? She cleaned out her desk. She was gone yesterday
Wow
Did you have like a teary goodbye? I didn't get to see her, but we exchanged a couple of emails
She was done a lot to say goodbye to anyone
Well, what what it means she wasn't allowed to say why I don't know exactly how it went down
But it was kind of like leave the building and then they sent off that email
Leave the building I'm not sure exactly how it happened. That was come on. I even even I don't believe that
Well, maybe somebody who was witness to it can tell you the story since we were locked in here doing the radio show
Leave the building and then we're sending email out saying you don't know how to work here
She was out of the building 20 years ago. She likes dangerous or something. Oh, yeah evil
I
Guess so hey don't forget join the George Saturday 2 to 4 at the 4-loader of the Elmettrop ECS
It's his birthday Saturday bring him a bunch of crap
Come work for chance. Give me a bunch of crap. Yeah
The biggest news the best talent
You're listening to sports radio 560 WQ AM
I am a 4-loader day. Oh no. This is on this is not a tumor. It's the ones that two hour
I went everybody said about the bed
I
Look at this I got a email about a place to frequent in the Northeast to place to punch your guts out, but I'll get to it in a second
Speaking of the bird by the way in Johnny dork the real or imaginary Johnny dorks obsession with my comments about the bird
I've been pretty nice to him actually because remember iod how he was hitting on every chicken the building yes
And about how obnoxious that was to over all of them. Yes, and everyone yes
I don't bring that up real often because I don't like to speak ill of the dead, but nevertheless
Here's one from uh Chris this morning mr. Ego challenged you on the air face-to-face studio debate debate about what all the same old tire
Oh my god. He must be in real trouble almost didn't send that facts, but he claims that you monitor a show daily
How the hell do I do that? He said he has proof that anytime you put his name on a pool
He is the highest vote and due to the fact your jealous of him you have his name removed
What what is this man talking about if this is accurate right? Obviously illinitic
If you want to see what a psycho this christian Jew is take a look at his demanded website of steven his numerous children shooting guns
PS high-run in Paul sign Chris
What does that mean everybody's looking to start a radio war now and of course who's the pivot man?
Forget it
Forget it
Forget about it
Mr. Ego challenge me to a face-to-face debate. I monitor his show. I don't even know where to find his show. My much less what I listen to it
God
Alisa says the Mohican son in Connecticut is okay
Not really any great deals, but a nice place people actually do win
I can take the ferry over from port Jefferson Long Island and make a nice day of it when it's warmer course
I just missed needle diamond
Played their last Friday night. Oh
Must have been your lucky night
I'm a big thoroughbred pony fans. I love to go to bell my park in the spring and fall in of course
So retoga but no machines there yet
There used to be a quarter horse track on eastern Long Island my parents loved and it's where I grew to well
Love horse racing. I can't recall the name of the place
I don't even know if that type of racing exists anymore. Oh, yeah. They got quarter horses
And that's what they're worth about a quarter. They still got that crap
Los Alamedos in California. That's big. Hope this helps Alisa. So there you go
Mohican son in Connecticut that says okay. Oh
This is hysterical this morning mr. ego challenge you on the air to a face-to-face debate. Yeah
Choose somebody else to try to resurrect your dead career that was never alive in the first place
Good God
They're all they're all just in a feeding frenzy now. What's that all about?
Maybe the ship came in the what oh the ship the ship meant
Here's one from the real time jicke
And he sends me forwards me a message from a normal camp
About all these rumors that people are starting you know about bubble and me and bubble my sees
This is what Norma says to Tom jicke tell you what I'm gonna do Tom
And it's the only comment I will make I will give you word for word
What serious told me at the end of a lengthy series of negotiations
This is from their executive program director our director of programming Jeremy Coleman
Norm you've got several fans of Neil here
But the problem is you're completely understandable interest in making money for Neil
Who's one of the highest paid a m talents in industry we are fresh out
Jeremy Coleman does that line sound familiar from the fake Greg VW yesterday
We are fresh out of money. We are fresh out must be just a coincidence not
After that email with a five-year offer from this is Norma going on
After that email with a five-year offer from QAM putting close to a million a year on the table with bonuses
The fact you left out some of your articles
Neil chose continuity and security by resigning with QAM over the uncertainty of what serious XM might one day offer
They've always said they love Neil like correspondingly. They've never once put any offer on the table
If you saw what their debt is presently you'd understand why but if I ever got something concrete
I know QAM would not hold us back sign Norma can well, how do you like that?
From the real Tommy jicke from the real Norma can from the real story from the horses as we're fresh out of money honey
We got a lot of Neil fans over here, but we're serial we had got no cash
And I don't have any ego. I've put you that for a long long time
If I had a big ego I'd say well, I'll work for like a hundred thousand a year and I'll go to serious
Just so I can be on nation-wide, you know who cares about that
When you got the great audience we got in the tremendous promotion in the QM
promotional machine behind you
By the way, I got my pants on well good
Did you win today did you talk to Sheridan? Yes, good. I don't wear those guaya bears anymore like I used to like
The gringo guay bears
The ones that are always on the outside. Uh-huh. Here's one that says happy
syrup a pat to you and George. What is that syrup a pat?
What is that it's a prim syrup a pat's last name. I've been saying that lately
Saripa pat? Yeah, I can't stop you guys get me through the day. I have a life somewhat
You make it better kiss kiss hug from somebody unnamed well there you go back at you
Pull idea for the end of the year
I have a pull idea since new year is coming the year is coming to a close what dead celebrity from 2008 when you missed the most
Says Mike, but he's got no list. I'm gonna have to research that
If you like that sure
What dead celebrity from 2008 who died this year?
See mm-hmm can't come up with anybody can you
No, I mean we could Google it like Chris is doing
You've got any Chris in your mind. Don't Google it. Don't you Paul Newman? Oh, I don't miss him
I never was a big fan of his anyway. I like his pasta sauce though
You still buy that
Paul Newman Paul Newman spaghetti sauce. Yeah, I don't find that
What is wrong with you today my god talking about I can't save you today
No matter what the topic is you're like I mean the only thing I will say I'll give you words
Pretty for this this because he's got two kids two girls. Yeah, I'm sure that the Sabrina is interested in the Jonas Brothers
No
Well, why do you say it that way she's 20 exactly she's 20 they're not for 20 year olds even had it at any at any age
She was never into that kind of swell Joe is 19. She was one of her eight. I think it's a good match
Maybe he could change maybe she could change his ways, okay
Maybe she could get him off that chastity crap maybe she could get that ring off his
Thing, but he's finger
That thing ring he wears yeah
Anyway, here's one from a somebody from Marty long time listener first time emailer
I think the archives are great the signal up in north palm beach blows
I've been forced to listen to the love doctors and it's
Ponderous effing ponderous these guys suck and are on FM for miles around
You have to get used to a day delay, but it gives me something to look forward to meaning the archives
You keep talking about famous stuff for the news anchors. How about Bob mayor?
I think he lives up here. Okay. Keep it up in the show, too. Says Marty. Thanks Marty
Bob mayor. What about him? He wouldn't be on a pool of people that were disliked. Why would anybody just like Bob mayor because he's you know
I wonder guy since on phone books
I
Just wonder how much longer before they screw him over like they did Bob weaver any minute now sure what any minute now
I'm sure and what about fat killing Craig too
What about her?
They'll stick it to her. They're not gonna have to
There is Bubba challenges that our country in the world are facing
But the decisions will have to be you know, we just had an election. They elected Barack Obama
Okay, they didn't elect the Clinton family to come back
I am just I don't know about you, but I'm just getting a little worn out from the whole deal here
You know what I mean?
I mean he did good his eight years
The economy was great. He had good intentions lie. He was getting good good service from Monica, but Jesus God
Let's let Barack get in there and do it. Mike and Fort Myers says John Linder blows
Chris
Okay as the resident of South West Florida
And subjected to his incoherent ramblings with a more nasally voiced than Joseph gack gack gack gack gack gacky
The moment I get in my car on Sunday mornings my radio glares his voice on
WCN778M. Yes, a beastly all sports stage. We used to be simulcast on there
Making my insanity begin
Given the all sports format has inclusion on the 560 lineup is perfect
Put it this way. He needs a remedial course at the QA school of broadcasting
When I hear him I feel like the guy who called the bird just asking him to play something
Just so I don't have to hear his voice
Damn now. I'm all ticked. Damn. It says Mike and Fort Myers. Mike and Fort Myers is ticked off
It's your fault Chris
You started with at the John Linder crap. Oh, well. I think your fault for in the uh, that's true
Oh charge Carlin died this year. Thanks Paul. I think big. He'll probably win it
Isaac Harry the voice of the braves birdie Mac Paul Newman
Alexander Solson Eatson
Bernie Mac
David Freeman
Who wrote a hundred things to do before you die, but only managed to do 50 of them. It says better luck next time
Better luck next time David. Isaac Hayes Jesse Helms. Oh, not Jesse Helms
We're having a party about that still
Rocky Ayoki
Who founded Benihana
Larry Harmon, Bozer the clown Eddie Arnold Dr. Michael DeBakey Eric Dowling
In inspiration for the movie the great escape
Harriet Burns designed the original attractions for Disney
Jim McKay
Bo Diddly Tim Russell George Carlin
Erby Walker King of what do you have sold the best hot dogs in the world? I never heard it Erby Walker do
Nope chuck Dryden the only black American fighter pilot award the Medal of Honor and WW2
You
UGA VIP passed away. I don't know who that is. I don't know. I have no idea what that means
Irvine Robbins made good ice cream. Oh from a bastard Robbins
I didn't we missed that somehow Irvine Robbins croaked
Probably too much of a bastard Robbins Hamilton Jordan
Huge Jarrett distinctive bass voice and velis Elvis Presley's music with unbelievable richness huge Jarrett
That one
Chuck Heston Arthur Clark. Oh, there's a hole. There's a long list of people
John Stewart
Tony Snow
Michael Criten
Levi Stubbs Levi Stubbs you forgot about him already. What is wrong with you? Who?
Levi Stubbs from the four times. What do you mean who? Oh, that Levi Stubbs. What?
Is he what I mean about him today? Boy, can you brought up that Paul Newman thing? He's letting me down
I never used Paul Newman to us from spaghetti sauce. I don't know why you would have thought that I did why not
Probably to it probably too rich for your pocket. Well, there it is
Oh wait
Here's one about the Jonas Brothers. I better get to this before the break. I'm embarrassed to know this well good
But when you have a daughter into Jonas Brothers and Hannah Montana, you can't help but know about all them
Billy Ray Cyrus is on the show
Hannah Montana with his daughter Miley Cyrus plays Hannah Montana
I told you that Billy Ray Cyrus is on the show
Okay, you talk shows together also some music together
So it's possibly we're both on the show you saw. I'm sure
Also the little girls feel the same way as you about the Jonas Brothers
There's the two good looking ones and the ugly guy. It's the oldest of the three. Uh, oh no
Oh, no, but I know that Joe is 19. He's old enough. He's legal
We'll leave Nick. I'm so cook
Ha ha ha ha I put him on the back burner. Yeah, he's the one that's anorexic man. He looks like Karen Carpenter on a really really bad day
Never ate a sandwich in his life. So we got that good poll. That's good
Favorite death from 2008 a lot of people on there. We hated like poison by the way
You know
Think fourth
Yeah, man
Sports radio five sixty Q a.m. The sports leader
Brad Pitt go
For
Your
Right
Oh
Our
We
I
Repeat
In
Can kill
Us
We
We
We
We
We
We
We
We
We
I told you i'm digging out the maulies between the ear and that's okay
I'm the first one i played the scallor one that you hated
What do you know about
I don't even remember the leaf-fowler one or something
Yeah, I don't even remember what it was
Yeah, the old part that's supposed to be old and sino
right? Faster than a touch.
Oh, there we go again.
I'm not playing it again. I'm just a little bit,
a little taste. I don't think there's anything wrong with that.
I think scholar was funny. He was a funny guy.
I didn't say he wasn't funny. Look at that.
That bit is old dated. Got hired at it.
I thought he was so infrequently him and
who's the guy that did the dolphin games
when he was in for.
And once in a great while they come in the building
at IOD and I didn't know who the hell they were.
You know what I mean?
Right?
And I go, hey, how's it going?
You know, like that.
But I really didn't recognize them because I saw them,
you know, like maybe twice in a whole time.
You know what I mean by that?
Yep.
Do you ever have that happen?
Just this morning.
No, seriously. People that you've met,
but you really, you can't place exactly who they are.
Of course.
I'm sorry. Thank God.
Thank God it's not only me.
Neil, the name Earl the Pearl came up today at work.
Was he a DJ down here? Is that name from a movie or something?
Thanks.
He was a DJ on I-95.
I was working at a cross down the hall at W.I. and Z.
At night.
And Earl the Pearl, he was a good guy.
He still is a good guy.
Where else did he work?
He works currently at Kiss.
He does?
Yes.
Well, I'll be damned.
How do you like that?
He's a good guy.
He works at Kiss.
So unfortunately he works for the beesleys.
But this is the business we have chosen.
Michael, this is the business we have chosen.
Here's one from one of our regular emailers who I think is
giving me a little stuc here.
I don't know.
It says when Bubba left office and W.I. came in,
you said, we are really going to miss Bubba.
Mark my words.
And we did.
We've had eight years of hell.
Eight years of hell.
But that doesn't mean we want Bubba back.
Okay.
I mean, you know, let's move forward.
We elected Obama and let's give him a shot and not have Bubba
standing there.
I mean, we realized we got swillery there.
And what are you going to do?
Are you thrilled about that?
No.
No.
Here's one again about your close personal friend, Prozac Ron,
who seems to have his own group of his own support group.
Oh, yeah.
Birds of a feather.
Sincerely Brian, Subdicronic Colors.
This is probably written by Joe Bell.
Deer Neal, even though Prozac Ron has a mental illness,
no one should be hard on him.
He needs attention and a place with no foam.
Has George tried to reason with him and tried to tell him not to go away?
Yes.
I beg you.
Maybe George likes Prozac Ron and the attention he gives to the erotician.
No.
No.
No.
Put Prozac Ron on a time slot.
Maybe he can make a difference and not be a pain in the butt.
Yeah.
Put him on a tie.
Let's take the first of all, it starts, he's got a mental illness,
and then says, put him on a time slot.
Mm-hmm.
We've got crazy people managing the place.
We don't need to have crazy people on the air.
When I heard you read about him, I felt bad for Prozac Ron.
By the way, happy birthday, George, from your friends at Best Buy.
Thanks.
You have friends at Best Buy?
I guess I do.
I didn't know I did.
There you go, you didn't know it.
I'm going to go right over there then.
I used to have friends at Best Buy, they're in the sawgrass.
You know what they have at Best Buy?
Nice.
Computer mice, yes.
Oh, I don't need to go to Best Buy.
No, no, you should shop anyway.
Anyway.
And they're down the street where they saw the wall green.
Does any office supply?
Is anything?
Future shop.
Okay.
It's like, you know, it's like Circuit City.
Circuit City?
Circuit, shmitting.
No, you almost suckered me into that.
See, just like that email.
Oh, my God, trying to sandbag the old man.
He wants the show.
Circuit, shmitting.
What?
He wants the show.
Yeah, right.
Very significant.
When you're interested in a new mouse, get a log attack, wireless.
Logitech.
Logitech.
It's worth it.
Don't get a wireless.
Don't.
It's worth it.
It's not expensive at all.
The wife and I are off to the hard rock.
The gamble today is her birthday.
And when the players stop, so they give her 500 claim is to play with not bad.
For birthday gift, next time you're with the hard rock, try the council oak steakhouse.
Okay, Willary.
I like hard rock a whole lot.
Of course, I got to go to Johnny F and Rockets.
That's right.
Whatever you do, don't get a wireless anything.
I agree.
You like changing batteries a lot.
You like your mouse dying.
You like to like beat it and bang on it.
Because it just won't sleep my mouse.
Yeah.
Because it goes to sleep.
Changing the batteries all the time.
My mouse has been asleep for a long time.
Can I say that the councilor last night?
Don't get a wireless mouse.
I'm begging you.
What makes you think I'm going to do that?
I don't because that suggestion that email guy suggested that.
No, because I'm going to get the key.
Keep us the easiest.
There you go.
Like you said, unplug the old one and shut the thing off.
And then plug in the new one.
Turn it back on.
Turn it back on.
That's it.
But I won't buy any.
Even I can handle that.
I mean, look at the way the last two days here.
Four times I fixed my niece.
Right?
Right.
Right.
I opened up the back thing.
I had that little ball drop.
I tell you, it's not a good idea if you don't keep your eye on the ball.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
I know.
this I like to be one isn't it?
Oh, well you know you won't forget your graduation party.
I told you,
Pronounce Mud عن威.
about the exercise.
They're all shripping around in their golf cart,
drinking up a storm.
That sounds real healthy to me, you know,
getting just plastered,
playing around at golf and talking about this course
and that course, my God, how about intercourse?
Oh, don't say that, the Jonas Brothers
will never come anywhere near you.
So we got it narrowed down to what Joe, Joe Jonas.
Remember Joe Jones?
You talked too much.
How about you got that in your pile?
Let me check.
Joe-Jones manure, Joe Jones.
Oh, you know who I saw on one of those
information, clearance frog man Henry,
I had never seen anything that looks like that.
What is it, Frog Man, yeah.
Joe, Jones I told you.
Was it a uncle's back the year?
Man, 1962,
1960, scrutine.
Famous, or kind of intensity,
Bulloch back and positive goes on.
you talk to one you worry me to death Joe Jones that was a
medley of his face by the way Joe Jones mm-hmm now that'd be a good poll
question who looks better Joe Jones or Joe Jonas we don't know what Joe Jones
looks like he's probably dead you want to google Joe Jones Fatsow don't know
do it during the break we're gonna find out if Joe Jones is still alive nobody
is the best out of you know Roger
Fort Radio 560 QAM
Big fourth leader
So take us away to that talent
It's the T.A. Joe
We're not streaming to an island here on
Fort Radio 560 QAM
The sports here
This is Joe Ball and the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs they don't come any
better than Neil Rogers
Oi
he's
March
Yes, it's my sex.
I have to keep the rest with some terror,
God, I'll prove what the culture wrong.
The culture wrong.
I only slap you up with a card for the curse.
For the reason that it's human death.
Look at what you love around and it's got to know
the fight, the white Peter is me.
A-A-A-A-A-WOW!
Oh!
Titch it, you're sure, I'm going to roll you.
Titch it, you're going to roll you.
You're going to roll you.
131 at 560.
We're digging out the old days for the end of the year.
It's December the turd, baby.
Wow, before you know it, it's going to be 2000 and 2000 and...
Yeah, I...
Is he still around by?
I keep asking that.
Yeah.
Yeah, he is.
Why?
November 27, 2005.
Is when Joe Jones died?
Yes.
Oh.
What a shame.
Well, thank God Joe, Jones is still alive.
He was born in 1989.
Did you know that?
No.
I guess why?
To the math, that makes him 19.
I still don't.
He's 19.
Anyway, the fake lyric king who's an idiot, just a total idiot, is Lester Greenshirt still
around?
Remember, Lester Greenshirt?
Yeah.
From the call to race track day, they still called it and I used to go and we had this guy
and it was a real person and he always wore the same green shirt.
And that's what we called him.
Lester Greenshirt.
Hmm.
Quenching.
And this idiot is moron pretending to be my good close personal friend, Larry.
Uh-huh.
Lester Greenshirt still around, like it's a name.
G-R-E-E-N-S-H-E-R.
What a moron, Larry.
What a jackass.
Uh-huh.
By the way, and lose the callostomy bag too, it really stinks on a year.
So you only got a show on TV, you can actually smell something through the TV set?
Really?
Larry's bag.
Smell of it.
Oh, god.
Can you imagine if we had that?
I'll tell you one thing, I'd have been sniffing at the screen last night.
I bet you'd have been looking.
Oh.
Oh.
Woo.
I'd have been sniffing around.
Yeah.
At least I'm honest about this stuff.
Yeah.
Oh, G-H-O embarrassing.
Not even a thing.
It's just the truth, man.
If it looks good, think about it.
And it's available, do it.
Screw it and do it.
Like George always says.
That's right.
Tony West Kendall says, Saludos to George and I'm listening to your show and the best
part of it was 11.25 AM, the quarter-schlots guy.
And once again into my many others disappointment, you cut him off saying he has nothing interesting
to say.
How can we list it and determine that he's if he's not allowed to speak?
Love your show very much.
Take, try to take a little more calls.
Tony West Kendall, obviously must be the quarter-schlot guy.
Take the call out.
Huh?
Yeah, call out.
See if I take your call.
If I, let me reach over and shut the monitor off just to make sure.
Quarter-schlot guy.
That's all this guy ever writes about.
Tony West Kendall is, how come you don't let the shorter, the shorter our clock guy on?
The what?
The short of schlots guy.
The Bumba schlots guy.
Here's one from Brian.
It says, work great and you never have to change the battery.
You just put it on the charger to recharge.
What, what work great?
A rechargeable wireless mouse.
Never listen to George.
He's a retard smoking the wacky stuff.
Yeah.
Melt's the mind.
Right.
You'll ruin the day.
You'll ruin the day.
Don't fight.
This, this has served me well for almost seven years here.
Now this mouse that's dying and believe you me, we ain't got another seven years here.
And probably I don't either.
God.
Somebody sends me this article from the New York Times in South Florida, tropical Bohemia
in the makings and it's a long, long, ponderous article which I guess I'm supposed to wipe
my ass with.
There's something 824 votes on your pool.
We could get a 50.
What do you think?
Should we give it a big push?
Sure.
Why not?
We can do it.
I mean, we already got our 800 so we can come back again tomorrow.
Exactly.
Don't forget Gildi from Ad Dog this afternoon.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
Oh my God.
The squeakmout master.
Maybe what's your name?
Melinda will be calling into Gildi.
You know, each one of her boobs had its own zip code.
That's how gigantic they were.
Am I right?
Oh yeah, and that fake picture we got of the fake Melinda.
The only real email we can be sure of today was the one from Tom Jicke by way of Norma
Kent's response.
So maybe Tom really is writing something about me, which he hasn't talked to me about
it.
I'll tell you that.
Everybody else seems to know about it.
Just like everybody knows we're going to serious, which we aren't.
Everybody's an expert.
Have you noticed that?
Always had been.
Everybody's a freaking expert.
What past features of the Aradjus show would you like resurrected?
That's the poll question.
Fart sounds 237.
I sure hope that those Jonas brothers don't fart.
That would be disgusting.
Funny bits 178.
Cross over talk with subsequent or prior talk host 95.
No chance.
That hand crossover thing.
Remember that?
Yep.
When they put poor hand on in the morning, what kind of a lunatic would do that in the first
place?
There was no chance he's not a morning guy.
He even said that to me.
There's no way I was ever going to work.
I'm not a morning guy.
I knew it would fail.
And then I was getting that crap from fat boy, not our fat boy, but the real fat boy
and others.
Oh, you wanted Hank to fail in the front.
No, I didn't want him to fail.
I wanted to stay where he belonged in the afternoon.
God, the things that they've done.
Lightning round 79.
No sidekick 46.
Kamilis House fundraiser 43.
The Kamilis House.
The good brothers of the good shepherd, the Kamilis House.
In studio guest 33, regular Gilbert Collins 31.
No, thank you.
Battle of the talk show host 29.
Discussion to free determined topics 22.
Collins psychic 14.
Live show from a certain sporting events 13.
Seeds for the CD4.
From back in the Luke Crones, boy was he.
Oh, a piece of something.
A question.
POS.
Luke Crones.
Oh, here's last night's loss, I think.
All in holy, had an empty net, but he couldn't make contact.
Strollman, run into the whole way.
Holy trying to get it freed up in his back now for air hot.
Air hot, sending it in.
Strollman plays it back on the boards.
And Holy sends it on the right wing side.
San Jose 5 Toronto 2 final score.
They suck it.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no,
Well, here's more NHL crap.
Oh, the DNHL network.
Colombia, where you were Vancouver, can I expand?
I was a troll, maybe.
We've sent and Vancouver, text and so a little bit of both.
Yeah, front running phony.
Full.
I bet you we got some good horse racing on go today.
The yesterday I have to a like clear from tiger's horse.
Rehors at the Laurel Race Track, the third race.
Believe in yesterday to score by four in the two.
From Tiger's boot, just a lady, and that.
Too bad Dan from Maryland business still around.
Too bad, he's off in the Philippines with his alleged
to the Philippines. This is a large
girlfriend.
And allegedly gone. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, jeez.
I got to go back to that. There was some harness racing on for
where that could have been from.
Here is, here is.
Harris.
One final surge to get up inside winning it by three parts of the
length.
One fifty one and three in the fifth that he sounds like a real
foodtaker.
It's an air down at the inside working our way.
David Miller wins the race. Boy, he's hot.
Chevron Jackie was.
I bet you watched the races Saturday night from the
middle of the road.
You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you
know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know, you know
you know, you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know, you know
you know
you
have
gang
have
Maybe Geldik could replace my mouse.
He'll be right up.
Here's one I have no idea.
Peter from London asks,
what happened to Ed?
Was he the one that was related to Stan Mage,
the guy who owed you money?
I have no idea what he's talking about.
Ed?
The murder.
What are you talking about, Peter, from London?
You lunatic.
Boop, boop, boop, boop.
Yeah.
Too much, too much of time with the Queen probably,
over there in London.
I still can't get over that.
All that pomp and circumcise,
no, the crap that goes on it.
Antivatican, too, with that swish guard.
Mm-hmm.
And they must look really, really hot
and they must be very accommodating.
In other words, they must put out for papa.
Let's see, when's the evening rain?
Beautiful now.
I'll start to cloud up a little bit,
just in time for the ride to Woodbine.
Squalls tomorrow and zero, 32 for eye.
Friday, flurries in a high of 28.
Wow.
I wonder what cash turnover thinks about that.
You know, on you, uh, goofballs out there in the business,
I know every single one of you is listening right now,
including the people who disparage me in the show
and poor little George,
there was another shot at you, which I just deleted.
Oh, gee.
The show started with shots at George,
and I guess it's gonna end on the emails with shots at George.
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
We don't care.
Screw you.
Chris says, do not go wireless, nothing but problems.
Right.
I'm not, I'm not going wireless.
Sirius.
Sirial.
You know what we ought to do?
What?
Let's make up a story, okay?
Starting January 15.
We're going to go on serious, uh, Howard's 101 channel.
Sure.
Yeah.
Sure what?
I'm a serial.
All right.
Subject Johnny F and Rockets from somebody that says,
did you ever have a Nathan's Franky Johnny Rockets?
I never saw Nathan's Frank on a menu, did you?
Not that I recall, but it might be.
No.
They are at all Johnny Rockets restaurants.
Well, I didn't see it.
Also, Brad Pitts will be on Luric King tonight.
Oh, wait, wait, did you hear the rest of this?
Okay.
I love listening to all the pits.
Let Dan on the ticket work for ESPN.
You are better than Dan at the ticket.
Dan was on PTI last night.
Happy birthday, George, from Nancy and Del Ray Beach.
Nancy is a cent of stuff before and she's still got kind of like a, uh,
a little grammatical problem there.
That's all right.
You know what I mean?
It's okay.
It's not perfect except me.
Here's one that says,
future shop is owned by Best Buy.
Well, Lottie, duh.
How do you like that?
I thought they were owned by a circuit city.
It's all the same.
It's all, you know, like 10 companies own everything in the world.
Like Ted Rogers who died.
Oh, yesterday after the show, I got an email.
Alerting me that Ted Rogers died at 75 as if I didn't already know and talk about it.
And then it said, any relation, any relation, Ted Rogers, like that's my real last name.
And like if Ted Rogers was, I was related to him.
I'd be sitting here working.
That guy had billions, billions Rogers cable, Rogers wireless, Rogers this, the Roger Center.
Oh my god.
Talk about a man who he might as well have just had a printing press in his home because it's all he did
was make money.
He was, I guess, pretty good guy, charitable guy.
You know that kind of stuff.
Yep.
But he's dead.
It says also did you see how air Canada is facing a severe cash crunch?
They lost hundreds of millions betting the press oil would say hi.
Well, good.
If anybody deserves to lose money, it's those grave robbers at air Canada.
God, the way they rape the public is just unconscionable.
Un-un-un-on.
Conscionable.
If you had any idea what I spend round trip business class going just to Fort Lauderdale,
you would plots.
You'd drop a brick right in the chair right now.
Unreceptible.
Now here's one from Barry MacCockner who, you know, he's a good, he's bad, he's in between.
This is his best effort short and sweet.
And if Barry MacCockner knows the answer to this dilemma, then our management should,
but they just don't want to.
It says, prosack Ron is a douche.
Get a restraining order.
Yeah.
That's what it says.
Very simple, awesome.
Great.
Very simple.
Nice going Barry.
Hey Barry.
You're fair.
You got your thumb right on it, baby.
Get a restraining order.
That's all we needed.
And of course we got that Ron Doron Doron, Doron Nagrinowski started out to show
what that crap.
See they, they don't even realize that they're deleted.
They just keep sending them.
Once in a while I sneak a peek at some of that stuff and then it turns out like that.
Oh, we're always going to be here.
We're always going to be here.
We're always going to be trying to destroy the show.
And management will always sit back and allow you to do it.
Because that's their main goal in life is to destroy the show.
And I'll say one thing.
I can't say much for them.
A boy they've done a fabulous job in that category.
Fabulous, not good or sensational.
Systematically.
Yeah.
And of course this is from the same agent who said a year ago,
Joyce Fitz will do anything to hurt your show, to destroy your show.
This is what Norma told me right to my ear.
And sat back and let it happen.
Here's one from Mario.
Love the show.
This is regarding whatever Schmuck said Jim the high school broadcaster,
Rome is going to be on the ticket next year.
How is this possible when he's on one of WFTL's 40 stations?
Well, that's what the rumor is.
10 to 3 maybe they're going syndicated and Role me.
Role me.
Home he's going to be part of that crap because they're throwing in the towel.
Maybe what they'll do is from 10 to 3 they'll just play Roy.
You think?
Sounds good.
Should be whatever else they're doing.
Here's one from Sean, live in California.
Maybe listen to you over the internet.
Learned of your show through an online game, my friends, and I play.
And one of them mentioned your show.
So I gave it a listen on a whim.
Your show is great.
I think you're always happy attitude.
That's me.
And snarking comments would make a great addition to our online game.
I like that word.
Personality would make a great compliment to our world of warcraft gaming group.
And can't wait to share your show with the rest of my friends.
Happily the morbid night.
PS please play more Mickey, but staggering the haters of those even more.
The morbid night.
Wants to stick it to all those hate monitors out there.
Oh, you're playing that too much.
You playing Chris Matthews too much.
Just like what's his name in Batman?
Batman.
The penguin.
That's right.
Burgess Meredith.
By the way, he's still dead.
Smokey Burgess.
I bet you he's dead too.
I think he is.
Smokey Burgess big fat catcher for the pirates and a bunch of other teams.
How about you fat Chris?
Remember smokey Burgess?
No, not at all.
Remember Geno Somoli?
Who?
I don't think you're going to get your 850.
We're going to set our goal.
Our goal is 800.
We've got 842 right now.
We've got 842.
We got seven minutes for eight votes.
Now if we have any audience left,
if being the operative part of that sentence,
if we have any left, we ought to be able to do that easy.
The best name.
The best.
You're busy on projects.
Forty-two five.
That's my two-time name.
A rat.
Forty-three.
It's state.
If I have the town.
At five six, oh.
WQ-a-m.
Oh.
They have all the oil they need to keep their gas low.
And nothing more than corporate greed.
No one's just controlling it.
No one's just controlling it.
Bad job ridiculous, car.
Upset with flinted insects.
Down these violins stay.
Or screwing you all.
Break, beat, break, beat.
At the company, break, beat.
Right to the gallon.
It's higher each time.
Break, beat, break, beat.
At the company, break, beat.
They're making profits at an all-time high.
Open more on the middle class.
The planet can trash it.
It can trash it.
No balls to say to push this fast.
It's over with having it.
Having it having it.
You hear news in every day.
A template to justify.
A magical price.
Highest the sky.
Oh.
Break, beat, break, beat.
At the company, break, beat.
They raise their price.
Highest daylight.
Break, beat, break.
8.59 on your pull pencil.
Nice roll.
All right.
That's something that's dry.
You have to push your heart to the right.
You have to push your heart to the right.
You have to push your heart to the right.
You have to push your heart to the right.
The best talent.
At your home for Miami Dovens football.
Hey, I can't catch it.
Sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami.
Corn Latter Day.
I need to push.
I need to push.
I need to push.
