Nasty task increases, sudden and drastic cuts and benefits, and crippling deficits.
On education, we share a common goal, failing public schools.
Sadly, last year, 4th and 8th graders achieved the highest mass scores on record.
Reading scores are on the rise, and neither option is acceptable.
Now, we must work together to increase the number of high school dropouts and struggling schools.
Let us increase the all-consumption over the next decade.
Ladies and gentlemen, objecting in the coming years to sustain and build on the global climate change.
God bless America.
God bless America.
West Beach, New York City, New York City.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I got it ready.
I'll be damned.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
I'm glad it was a challenge for me.
Unless you're somebody I know, don't give me instructions
on how to live my life, how to do the show,
how to wipe my ass.
I mean, get your own life.
Right?
Of course, that's the problem.
I have no life.
They don't have one.
What part of the newspaper you always read?
That was our poll question yesterday.
1050 as in WMGM, WHN, a 1050 Chung Toronto,
CHUM,
Sports 220.
Don't read newspapers, 204, almost 20% of the audience don't
read newspapers. Why did they need to?
Why did they need to? I read them all the bedtime stories, right?
That's right. Everything is important.
Save it in your eyesight.
Local 151.
The front page, 114.
Greasy.
That's a bacon.
I got to find me that Snyder's microwave bacon again.
That's stuff I'm using now.
Just horrible.
It's real dry.
It's like a footy show. It's tasteless.
Congress 96 editorial page 86,
Binis 39, Crossword Puzzle.
BOT 30, man!
Obituary 29, the ads 14,
World News 13, coupons 11.
Great coupons.
Classified 11, national 11,
Horoscope 9, your Abbey 8,
and the state news only 4.
That's just very important facts.
It says the radio spy report
Jers was doing the heat play by play last night again W.I.O.D.
Couple weeks ago,
you asked if Geldy was still on the ticket.
George and Christen seem to know anything.
Well, that very day he was on opposite you
filling in for George Sedona.
Oh my gosh. Sorry for not knowing that, you know.
And apparently Ed Burliner has a weekend shift on the ticket.
From a friend of Fred Kusik,
John of Fort Lauderdale.
The great Fred Kusik.
We're going to Hell is Fred Kusik.
D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D.
We don't have that anymore in here?
Oh my God. You've got to be here.
Did we ever? I had Fred Kusik.
I didn't-
I was able to keep it in.
Yeah, there he was.
Uh, I don't want to start playing on a hockey highlights.
Although Leafs are in Boston night,
they'll be officially eliminated from any playoff context.
Leafs suck.
Uh, Panthers are- who are they playing?
I don't know. They're probably playing somebody.
They play the Crapidals, check it out Chris.
They'll be officially limited very soon too.
They're not going to make it.
Every year it's the same old star all over this year.
They went in at 7 in the row and they won like 8 out of 10.
They put on a real scare for a lot of people.
But you know, always fall short.
But that's the organization, man.
They built that big new arena and they never make the playoff.
But you leave Jack Martin alone.
He's a good frog and he knows his crap
and his team's always choking the clutch and like that.
Don't forget to join George.
We got some heavy duty crap coming up the next two days.
Yeah, but if today at 12, 30 or 12 o'clock noon,
well, whenever we want to, we've got the meal deal
with the downtowner this time.
Oh, and by the way, when do we want to give away that thing?
I don't know. Well, let's make sure that Lee's in place
and then Lee is in his coop.
Then he don't feed the coop.
And then we'll give away that certificate.
But anyway, if you don't get that one,
later on at noon, we've got $150 certificates
for 25 bucks of the downtowner.
Good stuff.
And then tomorrow, George is going to be a Gulfstream
tentative for the entire show.
I'm leaving at noon.
I'm going out of South Beach to hang out with the Ritz Carlton.
No.
What up?
Seriously, this stuff is for these people right.
It just makes you want to cry.
You think you can do wrong with you people.
Can you pick me up from stuff from the spa while you're down there?
Yeah, I'll give you a spa.
Atlanta at Florida.
Oh, the trashers at Florida.
That's tonight.
See, we love it.
Atlanta.
They really blow.
They're pretty weak.
And that's a must win for the Panthers.
They don't win tonight.
I think they're not mathematically eliminated.
But they only got five games left.
And even if they won them all, they would have a total of 91 points.
If they won them all, they'd have 91,
which they're not going to do.
If they won four of them, they'd have 89.
That's not going to cut it.
Neither is 91 really when you come right down to it.
But nevertheless, join George at the Gulfstream tentative tomorrow
at the race track in Casino.
Come back for great horse racing, play a little bit of poker,
maybe hit the slots for some big money like that lady that won the 1.1 million
or the one that won the 9 million here at Casino Ramo a couple days ago.
At Ramo.
And here she got the whole 9 million to check.
No tax is no 40% of the governments that they can kill some more people in Iraq
just to check for 9 million.
That's the way we do it here, eh?
Plus enjoy great food and drinks while George gets ready for the Florida Derby.
And he's going to undergo some of the handicrapping instruction tomorrow.
We're going to have a seminar with Tara Cochran.
Well, that's good.
Okay, put the new poll up there.
Already. Chris probably into happy about that, but you know what?
It's a good scam. I know.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
This is from your close personal friend Sean and Hollywood.
Mm-hmm. Not a bad poll.
It's a very good poll.
Excellent. Nice going, Sean.
Even though you are fun.
And by the way, I think Sean's going to come and see you tomorrow.
Good, he said.
Please be sure and tell me the time location in George's next appearance.
Maybe he wants to bring you something.
Well, hook him up. We'll trade something.
Maybe he wants to hook you up.
Great.
To a long...
You're a bit...
Well, that's a long end over.
64 votes on the poll now in the new one.
And see what we got.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
A huge dump, 21.
That seems to be running away with it.
Unless it's in your pants.
Oh.
Oh, today I got to pick up my pantaloonies from the cleaners and see if she did a fine job.
Right.
After I put them in the washing machine, I mean dress pants.
You just don't put in the washing machine.
And you certainly don't put in the dryer, even on slow cook, you know.
Going back to sleep.
9.
Back massage 7.
Good workout 6.
Scratching an itch 4.
Clean sheets 4.
Shower after hard work 3.
Cracking the back of neck 2.
Jumping in the water on a hot day 2.
Ear is popping open 1.
Carapractic apparatus 1.
What does that mean?
Carapractic apparatus?
I don't know.
Is that mean carapractic adjustment?
That's what I mean.
That's what I assume they're trying to make.
Carapractic apparatus, I think it means adjustment.
I don't know.
Put up whatever you want under.
Can you change your crystals, Eric?
Oh, I can't.
Maybe Eric will change it.
Because that makes no sense.
Skeleton massage 1.
Campfire on a cold night 1.
Sound a 1.
Foot massage 1.
Signus is finally draining acupuncture and jacuzzi.
All have the big.
Oh, you're fairy.
That's so far.
Well, it's right next to you.
You're fairy.
You get thick fingers.
You don't like your feet when you get older.
Your feet get wider, you know?
Mm-hmm.
And your fingers, I guess, get thicker too.
It's from pressing those machines.
I want 600 bucks at the woodbind line.
All right.
That's your problem?
Yes, I am.
I had a decent machine, Monica.
It gave me 500 on the wheel and it took most of it back.
And then at the end there, I gave me another 500.
And people are looking like, oh, gee.
He's got the good machine, yeah, right?
I played for like two hours.
Like, 600 bucks.
Big deal.
That's going to really change my life.
But I had a good time.
And better than losing.
Well, here's another poll suggestion from some clown out there.
What do you think?
Who do you think John McCain will or should not pick his running mate for vice president?
Well, see, that's two different questions.
Right?
Right.
Who do you think he will not pick or...
In fact, it doesn't even make any sense.
Who do you think John McCain will pick his running mate for vice president as a...
Oh, not should.
See, it's too complicated for me.
I'm too old for...
Clean it up or throw it away.
Who do you think John McCain will pick?
And then they got Julie Ruin, Charlie Gay, Christ, Jesus Christ.
My cockabray hunt huckabee, no way.
Mid magic underwear, Romney, no way.
South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford, Condoleezza, Tom Raid, your other.
Some other, other ones.
Well, that's not bad.
For a really desperate day.
I think we'll probably have to change the poll in the morning for you because, you know,
you're alone from noon to two and I don't want to burden you with all that.
And of course the bed time story is...
I'll take care of those.
Bless you.
That decreases me.
What do you mean that decreases you?
Why?
Oh, because of, you know, you find out what they're doing to you.
All of them.
That decreases you putting the bed time stories on there?
Yeah.
I'd rather keep my head in the sand.
Maybe that's why you're asking me to get depressed.
That's why you don't do it sometime.
Uh-huh.
That's what you're in.
You and your partner in crime, Josh, I don't want to work too hard.
I don't want to.
I don't want to.
Whatever it is, I don't want to.
But send me a check.
Send me a check.
Hook him up with Joe Dodgiehola.
You know, get a check.
Get a check.
Boy, I'll tell you.
Talk about dumb.
Talk about your literate.
Joe Dodgiehola.
He said a new standard for literacy in any body of a bunch of radio stations.
You see the connection there?
No.
Oh, yeah.
All of these things.
1013 at 560 WQAM.
Niels half price deals are the head of the town.
Today's the big day.
It's Thursday and every Thursday at noon.
We give you that two for one deal.
Today you'll be able to buy $50 certificates for 25 bucks to the downtown or saloon of Fort
Lauderdale landmark, one of the last grade local restaurants downtown.
With waterfront dining on the New River, this family-friendly restaurant in saloon has
got a local friendly atmosphere.
Awesome chef's specials, including a raw bar and a fantastic audio can eat Sunday brunch,
as well as audio can eat cramble eggs on Sunday nights.
Try the best seafood around, including cram cakes, fresh grouper and seared tuna, or try
the awesome roasted prime river of the river.
The downtown is a great place to watch your favorite team during March Madness 2 on their
high-deaf big screens, two for one drink's Monday through Friday with live entertainment Wednesday
through Saturday.
And today at noon you'll be able to buy $50 certificates for 25 bucks.
We got a hundred of them.
It's our way of saying thanks to you for putting up with our crap.
The store opens at noon today on wqam.com, but like we tell you all the time, act fast
because once they're gone, they're just gone.
Hello, it's Hillary.
I'd like to dispel these vicious rumors that I'm having an affair with my beautiful personal
assistant, Huma, or as I call her, Hummy Bear.
I first met Huma at a softball game.
She was wearing an LPGA visor and I knew that two of us should have a conversation.
Turns out we have many common interests.
A love of pantsuits, rare indigo girls bootlegs, and eating raw clams.
Huma's my confidant.
I open wide after her and she touches me, with her inside an advice.
Not all business though.
We like to clip campaign articles and sometimes end up flakily scissor fighting like giggling
schoolgirls.
There I've come out and said it.
I Hillary Clinton and not a lesbian.
Well, I got a couple of the deaths here, celebrity deaths.
Yeah, which were, which were Whitbark?
Did he die?
Yeah, I got that.
I don't have that.
That's one of the ones I got.
Well, then there's three.
I just saw him in some movie the other night and I clicked on the thing to see who was
in it because I couldn't remember his name.
He was a good actor.
But anyway, he's dead.
He gets a well-stead.
A better of the Egg McMuffin.
Really?
Old McDonald.
Peterson, inventor of the Egg McMuffin, has died of Southern California official McDonald's
restaurant, said yesterday he was 89.
That's old enough.
Peterson died peacefully at his Santa Barbara home on Tuesday, said, Monty Fraker.
Vice President of Operations for McDonald's restaurants in that city.
Patterson came up with the idea for the signature McDonald's breakfast at him in 1972.
Egg McMuffin, I wouldn't touch it with your mouth.
If he had his career with McDonald's, his vice president of the company's advertising
firm Darcy Anbertaizing in Chicago, he wrote McDonald's first national advertising slogan
where quality starts fresh every day.
Patterson eventually became a franchise.
He was currently co-owner and operator six McDonald's restaurants in Santa Barbara and
Golita Fraker, said.
He created the Egg McMuffin as a way to induce breakfast in McDonald's.
He was very partial to eggs Benedict.
The egg sandwich consisted of an egg that had been formed in a Teflon circle with the
yolk broken, topped with a slice of cheese and grilled Canadian bacon, it was served
up in Facebook and on a toasted and buttered English muffin.
The Egg McMuffin made its debut at a restaurant in Santa Barbara that Peterson co-owned with
his son, David Peterson.
I wonder if he's kind of like a path Peterson?
Who?
From Not Slanting.
Oh, that.
Hmm.
And somebody important in our business died, I can't believe this.
Legendary WGN radio broadcaster Wally Phillips died in Chicago with the age of 82.
Here we hear Wally Phillips?
Nope.
He was on WGN for about a while, about two, three hundred years.
Phillips hosted the WGN morning show from 1965 to 1986 and was considered a pioneer
of the modern talk radio format.
He first began working at WGN in 1956, retired in 1998.
Wow, 42 years later, I got the 10 years to go, easy.
The radio station says Phillips had suffered from Alzheimer's disease for the last five years,
not good.
He was inducted in the Radio Hall of Famine 93 funeral arrangements at Pentecostum.
Wally Phillips is that WGN, the world's greatest news store, whatever that stood for.
Now what it was?
The world's greatest news store?
Whatever you say.
Come on now, WGN, 720 on the dial, Chicago, all those great Chicago WLS, WBBN, as in
BN.
You should know your BN.
Oh, George, by the way, didn't want to go in the TV this morning.
He had to go, he had to do a Joyce just something fierce, but he resisted because Chris was
in there.
That's right.
And there was no problem, was there?
There was no problem at all, but there were two reasons.
Number one, fear and second of all, I thought, fear of what?
Fear of the strong?
Fear of the atmosphere.
I had fear of the era.
I had atmosphere.
Anyway, and I thought that he would be using the stall, I prefer.
Is the handicraft one?
No, the other one.
I'm not going to use the kid's stall now.
I need the kid's stall.
What are you talking about?
The handicraft was very tall.
Why is it in the handicraft?
The ladder to get up on it?
That's right, it puts stool.
What you think that it wasn't a handicraft in the, all of them, making different things.
I need to take a certain stool in there.
It would be a different, if it would have been just a little migraines.
Yeah, foot stool.
Yeah.
That's what I had.
What was it?
Did you measure it?
I had less stool, five stool.
I had to put in a half stool.
Half stool, I just rolled one.
Okay, let's get away from all that stool crack.
Can we please?
No, we can't pull.
We can't pull.
We're talking about it.
We're talking about it.
It's on there.
What?
That's on there on the pole.
There's no getting away from it.
Huge dump.
Right.
Winning, well of course.
I mean, what could be more satisfying than that?
Especially if it's like medicinal, you know?
Right.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
A huge dump, 34.
Going back to sleep, 15.
Back massage, 15.
Good workout, seven.
Clean sheet, six.
Scratching an inch, five.
Foot massage, four.
Shower after hard work, three.
Scalp massage, three.
Cracking the back of an X-2.
Campfire on a cold night, two.
Especially with marshmallows.
And weenies.
Jumping in the water on a hot day, too.
Sign this as finely draining, too.
Like hymen Roth.
Let me add a little post nasal dip.
Drip.
I ears popping open, one.
That was my vote.
What's wrong with that?
Right. That's on our pole every day.
Who do you want to win, President?
Ear's popping open.
Carapractic adjustment, one.
That's better.
Thanks, Eric.
Sound a one.
And acupuncture in jacuzzi out of 109 votes have none.
Well, we got the new poll on every 1009 votes.
You almost think we got somebody listening out there today.
Wouldn't that be something?
No, no.
When are we giving this a thing away?
I don't know if we're going to ask.
What?
I forgot to go ask.
Hey, flee.
In there or what?
Well, that was something when he was on a phone yesterday.
That was...
Oh, you know, it was a...
My speaker phone.
I can't brag about it.
That was really weak.
But at least he did give me the information about the famous kosher restaurant.
That sounds really good to me.
Maybe I'll go over there and have insurance that have gone over to South Beach to the risk
of the hotel and...
Oh, my God.
These people are trying to sell me on South Florida how great it is and just as great as Vancouver.
You see, there's only one problem with that, okay?
And that is the people in Vancouver aren't in South Florida.
And the people who are in South Florida are.
That's the problem.
About 90% of the people in South Florida need me put in a desert somewhere or in an island
far like an alcatraz.
Get him far away from anything living and breathing in humane.
Civilized.
New York Post says in here he hows again, oh, they're picking on poor Elliott Spitzkrieg, man.
This Grace Former Governor Elliott Spitz has been identified as a longstanding client of a second high-priced call girl ring
corner of the New York Post.
The ex-governor regularly patronized wicked models, the Manhattan-based operation taken down Tuesday,
according to financial documents in other evidence on earth in a year-long prostitution investigation,
law enforcement sources be saying.
The revelation comes three weeks after Spitzkrieg was outed as a client outed his client nine in the separate federal hooker probe,
involving the New Jersey-based Empress Fub VIP.
He got around, baby.
He was moving that thing all around.
At the center of the new ring is Kristen Billy Davis, a busty bottle blonde who hails from rough and tumble California trailer park.
She has a reputation for a hard-parting shameless self-promotion and a rumored 100, 10,000-name long client list of which Elliott Spitzkrieg is on here.
Davis is a alleged multi-million dollar emperor was smashed by city vice cops as she made plans to skip town.
Prosecudus A. She needed some two-million dollars last year by pimping out ladies of the night for as much as a thousand bucks an hour through four websites.
Well, Georgia will take about two minutes of that.
Yeah, they noted and that's all he'll need.
They noted she's openly boasted of total earnings of six million dollars has been in operation since the least 2004.
Davis 32 pleaded guilty to money laundering and promoting prostitution in Manhattan Supreme Court yesterday was held on two million dollar bail.
A source said Davis personally serviced Spitzer.
She personally interfaced with Spitzer a number of times since 2003 before she became a madman source to say Davis said.
When asked about the allegation Davis told the post, I can't talk about it.
Spitzer spokeswoman Anna Kodanskyo countered that Mr. Spitzer wasn't even a client of Ms. Davis.
Right. When vice cops were rated Davis department of 350, 50, 60 after learning she was about to skip town, they see some half a million dollars in various bank accounts, 15 grand from a safe deposit box and $4800 from the residents.
The weary madman had been tipped off the investigation was in the midst of destroying evidence moving her money and planning her escape.
It's unclear what happened any record.
Decorate identify her well and heal clients that were around.
There's been no link between Davis alleged operation in the Emperor's Club VIP, the ring from which Spitzer was caught on a federal wire tap, ordering a hooker in Washington, DC.
Nor was there one other Spitzer wore his socks during his alleged escort encounters.
Last week it was revealed that Republican dirty tricks operative Roger Stone told the FBI that Spitzer kept his socks on during sex with a Florida prostitute.
What's wrong with that?
Nothing? Keep your socks on, baby.
I mean, who the hell needs to know that except the sickest of the sick? Why does anybody care especially a gross old toad like him?
Right. Ugly, hairy, probably smells not too good either.
What you know when you're doing as much screwing around you have time to bathe as much as maybe you'd like to.
You should though. You gotta get the other woman to speak now off of you, you know, before you go home.
The rackies elected to much deformed.
In the meantime a terrorist attack on the Shia Shrine and Samara grove sectarian intentions pass the breaking point.
The biggest name is from Vestow.
You know, this is no Rajas. Sport rate of 5.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Paul Harvey, standby for news. Matt started a job as a judges clerk at the town's courthouse.
His responsibilities included bringing the judge a hot cup of coffee at the start of each day.
Well, each morning the judge was in rage that the coffee cup arrived, only two-thirds.
Full? Matt explained that he had to rush to get the coffee and deliver it while it was still hot which caused him to spill much of it along the way.
None of the judges yelling and insults produced a full cup of coffee until he finally threatened to cut Matt's pay by one-third if he continued to produce one-third less than the judge wanted.
The next morning the judge was greeted with a cup of coffee that was full to the brim.
And the next morning the same and the next morning after that the judge could not resist gloating over his success and smugly complimented the clerk on his new techniques.
See, there's not much to it. The clerk agreed.
I just take some coffee in my mouth right outside the coffee room and spit it back when I get to Chambers. Paul Harvey?
Good day. Good day.
Well, that was really week 10-33-27 before 11 at 5-60-WD Cuomo. What do you expect it's spring break? We got pace off, come on up. We just finished with Easter Monday, Tuesday, Friday.
You know, leave us alone.
So you're right, Richard Woodmark is dead. You know how old he was?
100-93. That's for sure old enough. I guess I don't have to fax you that story now.
About what? Richard Woodmark.
I got out my hands right now in the story too.
Richard Woodmark, who made a sensational film debut as a giggling killer in kiss of death and became a Hollywood leading man in broken lands two row together in 40 other films as died after long illness. He was 93. He was a good actor, not a good actor, a great actor. He was excellent.
His wife Susan Blanchard said the actor died at his home in Roxbury, mass on Monday.
She would not provide details of his illness and said funeral arrangements are private.
I don't think it's Roxbury, mass. It's Roxbury, Connecticut, which I didn't know there was such a place for this story. The date line on it is Hartford, Connecticut.
He sure wouldn't have lived in Roxbury, mass. I don't think.
It was a big shock, but it was 93 Blanchard said.
After a career in radio drama and theater, Woodmark moved to films as Tommy Udo, who delighted in pushing and relating wheelchairs to her death down a flight of stairs in the 1947 thriller, Kiss of Death.
The performance-wise, an Academy Award nomination to supporting actor was his only mention for Noscar.
That damned laugh of mine he told the reporter in 61 for two years after that picture, you couldn't get me to smile.
I played the part the way I did because the script struck me as funny, and then the part I played made me laugh. The guy with such a ridiculous beast.
Beast!
A shy and ordinarily quiet man would mark off and portray killer scops and western gunslingers, but he said he hated guns.
See, I know I liked him. I know I've made kind of a half-astory out of violence, but I have horror violence he said in the AP interview in 1976.
I'm an ardent support of a gun control. It seems incredible to me that we're the only civilized nation that doesn't put some effective control on guns.
Noscar's Americans are still living in a wild west, baby. They love their guns. Crazy people with guns. Yeah.
Drug people, stolen people, crazy wild out of control people with guns. That's what the Americans all about.
Guns on a bus, guns in a school, guns in a backyard, guns across the street. That's what it works at.
Two years out of college, Wittmark reached New York in 1938 during the heyday of radio. His mental midwife's voice made him a favorite in soap operas, and he found himself racing from a studio to studio.
Rejected by the Army because of a punctured eardrum. Wittmark began appearing in theater productions in 1943.
His first was a comedy hit on Broadway Kiss and Tell. He was appearing in the Chicago Company of Dream Girl with June Havoc when 20th Century Fox ending with a 70-year contract. He almost missed out on the Kiss and Death Roll.
The director, Henry Hathaway, didn't want me. He said, I have a high forehead. He thought I looked too intellectual.
The director was overruled by studio boss Daryl Zannick and Hathaway gave me kind of a bad time, he said.
An immediate star Wittmark appeared in 25 films from 1947 to 1954 among them the street with no name, Roadhouse Yellow Sky, down to the sea in shifts, Slatterways Hurricane, Hurricane, Panic in the streets, no way out to Halzum on a zoom of the Frogman, red skies in Montana, my pal Gus, and the Samuel Fuller Film Noir, pickup on South Street.
In 52 we started dope-out that had not with Marilyn Monroe. We told the interviewer in later years she wanted to be this great star but acting to scare the hell out of her.
That's why she was always late couldn't get around the set. She had trouble remembering lines but not a bit mattered with very few special people, something happens between the lens and the film that is pure magic, and she really had it.
After leaving Fox's career continued to flourish, she started as Jim Boyle with John Wayne in the Alamo, with James Stewart and John Ford's two-row together as the US prosecutor and judgeman at Nuremberg, I remember that, and with Robert Mitchenman Kirk-Darlus in the way West.
He also played the Doffin in St. John. What's the Doffin? Like Jason Taylor? Yeah, sure.
But you know what Hank used to say though, the Humper you say that's Doffins.
Mm-hmm.
I think I didn't say it. And he had roles in how the West was one death of a gunfighter, murder on the Iran Express, Midas Run, and Koma.
Wow.
Madigan, a 68 film with Goodmark, his loaded detective, was converted to TV, last year one season, and 72 73 was his only TV series. I remember that.
Madigan. He was also in some TV films, including Cold Sassy Tree, and once upon a Texas train.
He was born December 26, 1914 in Sunrise, Minnesota, where his father ran a general store and became a traveling salesman.
The family moved around before settling in Princeton, Illinois. Like most small-time boys, I had the urge to get to the big city and make a name out for myself.
He said in the interview in 54, I was a movie nut from the age of three, but I don't recall having any interest in acting, you said.
But a Lake Forest College, he became a protégé of the drama teacher and met his future wife, drama student, or a Jean Hazelwood.
In later years, he appeared sparingly in films and TV, displayed the Poirot magazine 87.
I've discovered in my doda d'odage that I found the whole movie-making process irritating. I don't have the patience anymore.
I've got a few more years to live, and I don't want to spend them sitting around a movie set for 12 hours to do two minutes of film.
He had 21 years more to live. He didn't realize it. I didn't like that.
When he wasn't working, he and his wife lived on a horse ranch in Hidden Valley, California, or California, around a farmer-communicate.
Their daughter and became the wife of baseball immortal Sandy Kofax.
Wow. How do you like that? Who wouldn't pitch on you on Kipper, baby? Remember those days, Chris? Not.
No, I don't remember those days.
But you know that thing. Who's Sean Green? There's another Jewish player, too. I had a flap about him.
Remember, he was with the Blue Jays? And he wanted to take the offer. He didn't take the offer. Something like that. Yeah.
He didn't want to play on you on Kipper. He didn't want to go to Shul. He wanted to go on and get leaders, something like that.
But yeah, it's okay. Any excuse for that, that's what George says. You don't have to have an excuse. Just go do it.
This pull is going over pretty big. Now, I don't forget it. No, we got that too for one deal. Now, when are we going to give away this thing?
I forgot.
Will you stop forgetting for quite a lot of the show be over? And you go, oh, I forgot to do it. Yeah, the show be over.
Hey, Leah, they're... I'll send them a text.
Yeah, you're round flea. Hey, flea. What does he do all day?
Promotion stuff. Like what? You know what the promotion's characteristic or don't.
Yeah, and like in a real radio station, yeah. Yeah. What kind of promotions are we doing?
You know, sporty stuff, mostly. I see. He does what he can.
Come on, flea. What do you say? I want to give that thing away. But out and out until you give me the green light.
Or the green door with Jim Lowell. He's also dead.
You want to hear it again?
No, I don't want to hear it again. I want to hear it the first. That's a good... It's catchy. It's a novelty record, you know.
I'm dot records. I said, what's that?
See, that's one of the many things that I find irritating about. Yeah, I mean, I know it's old-fashioned.
About CDs and all this other crap. All this new fangirl stuff.
Is that back in the day when we had 45s, you knew all the record labels.
I mean, dot had was like black, with at yellow, whatever, the writing.
And Imperial records with fast, domino, and whatever. You know what I mean?
Yep. There was just something more interesting about that as opposed to the CD, which is so...
I mean, yeah, you've got the jewel case, which they fall apart and they break. Yeah.
And you get all bent out of shape because they're like, oh gee, the little tabs on the infallopart.
How about Tab Hunter? He's still alive yet. He's still alive and he's still gay, just like your governor.
167 votes on it, poor boy. Our goal is 8 million today.
That'll make me happy. That makes me slap hearted. His new logics.
5.60 QAM.
The sports leader.
Here we go again. A test. Can you hear it? I hear it.
It's only a service test.
B. B.
B.
L.
I want a bang in the butt, honey.
I quit and I did not get fired.
You people did not want more around. Any more.
Well, just my phonies, because I ain't never common back.
And I knew that you'd miss me, about as much as Bob Pishy.
I knew that you'd miss me, not so hot.
You took my magnificent talent for granted.
And one rate too many.
Well, now I'm gone.
Long as Ginger keeps a show in Florida.
Some day, too, be as famous as Mark Shine now.
Two ladies have been two and now in their turrets.
Now it's your time to get raped.
You might have well burnt your crappy signal in to out of space.
But you say that, I knew that you'd miss me.
Miss Contanke, the risk-yity.
I knew that you'd miss me, you pergoyed all.
I'm going to go to the door.
Get you to see I'm trying to do the backup for the door.
It's over here.
I'm going to get you out of my life.
1046, now can you hear that?
Close the door.
Can you hear it in the back?
No.
Yeah, yeah, a little bit.
There you go.
I could open the door to add a little more ambience to the whole thing.
No, that's fine.
I quite frankly get really tired of those deals.
How many damn alarm tests do we have to have every month?
About 30 minutes.
Jesus, K. Christ.
Oh, have your attention, please.
Yes?
Oh, we currently, I thought maybe they're going to like to do a real shorty, but they're not.
If there ever was a real fire in this building, it would be like a boy who cried wolf.
Nobody would believe it.
US authorities have announced that, now before I do this story about the Port-A-Wedding Governor in Big Surace,
what's the story with that to give away?
Oh, leaves an approvations meeting.
And ought to be done within a half hour, and then we'll give them away.
When he gets out of the promotion meeting.
He's in promotions meeting.
They have them all the time.
We had the conversation before.
Yeah, they have a lot of meetings.
I know.
A lot of meetings.
What a sale meeting.
A lot of meetings.
They have no meetings, by the way.
My name never gets mentioned.
Right.
Because this short doesn't exist.
Although they do mention this, you know, the Gulf Stream thing.
They like that.
Well, that's good.
I'm glad that they like that.
Well, that's because the people at Gulf Stream like that.
That's right.
Coincidence.
That's because they like it.
Right.
U.S. authorities have announced an indictment charging Puerto Rico's governor
with 18 counts in long run and campaign finance pro-bub-bub-bub-bub.
Acting U.S. attorney Rosa Emilio Rodriguez said today the indictment also charges 12 other people associated with governor Annie Ball Acevedo Vila's party.
I wonder if he's getting a darek Acevedo with a jockey.
He used to look really, really good.
I mentioned that the other day.
He was a cute little guy.
Rodriguez told reporters that the 13 hour accused of running a conspiracy to raise money illegally to pay off Acevedo's campaign debts in 2000.
At that time Acevedo was running to be the U.S.
Ireland Territories non-voting member of Congress.
His party favors maintaining the Ireland semi-autonomous relationship with U.S. mainland.
His leading opponent of the governor's race favors making Puerto Rico the 50th first state.
Which would make George very, very upset.
What?
Very unhappy.
If you say so.
George has a real problem with weekends.
No, I don't.
But you can keep saying that.
Yeah, you do.
No, I don't.
With Mexicans.
No.
With Costa Ricans.
Gypsy.
Argentinian.
Gypsy.
El Salvadorian.
Gypsy.
Guatemala knows you have a right class about anybody.
But Gypsies.
Yeah, well, especially if they're from Puerto Rico.
Okay.
Puerto Rican Gypsies.
You hear?
Gypsies.
The first significant pull since the flap of Barack Obama's former pastor erupted this month's shows.
The Reverend Jeremiah Rice comments have not damaged Obama's prospects to take the Democratic nomination.
His opponent Hillary Clinton meanwhile sees her highest negative ratings yet.
In the NBC Wall Street Journal poll released yesterday, the two candidates remain tied among voters.
The General reports Democratic poster Peter Hart who conducts the journal NBC polls with Republican
poster Bill Macinturff called the latest pull on Mythbuster that showed the pastor controversy is not the beginning of the end for the Obama campaign.
But both Democrats and especially New York Senator Clinton are showing wounds from their prolonged increasingly bitter nomination contest,
which could weaken the element nominee for the general election, showed on against insane McCain of Arizona.
Even among women who are the basis Senator Clinton's support, she's now viewed negatively by more voters than positively for the first time in a journal NBC poll.
How do you like that?
Staltmer Halleuchus, they said.
The latest survey has the Democratic rivals in a dead heat, each with 45% from registered Democratic voters.
That's a slight improvement for Senator Obama, though I statistically insignificant one.
From the last journal NBC poll two weeks ago, which had swallowing ahead 47 to 43, now it's 45 and 45, even Stephen.
While Senator Clinton still leads among white Democrats, a red shrank to 8 points 49 to 41% from 12 and early March,
that seems to refute widespread speculation.
And fears among Senator Obama's backers that he would lose white support for his bid to be the nation's first African American president over the controversy surrounding his former pastor, the Reverend Jeremiah White Jr. of Chicago, no relation to Joe March Jr.
or Ray Fisher Jr.
As expected, one of the last two Democratic major candidates saw a downturn in the latest NBC Wall Street Journal poll, but it's not the candidate you'd think.
Swallow Reclined in supporting the lowest personal ratings of the campaign, more over her 37% positive rating is the lowest, the NBC Wall Street Journal poll recorded since March 2001, two months after she was elected to the US Senate from New York.
37% positive rating, not good swallowing.
The poll was conducted Monday and Tuesday this week by Hart Mack and Turfans surveyed Senator Registered voters give the poll a margin of error plus,
muscle minus 3.7%.
In addition, it says we over-sampled African Americans already get a more reliable cross tab on many of the questions we ask in this poll regarding Senator Obama's speech on race,
an overall response to last week's Reverend Jeremiah White dust up.
A matter of just specifically, 32% of people said he sufficiently addressed the issue, 26% of these people said he believes he needs to address the right controversy further.
31% of the voters survey didn't see the speech or had no opinion.
Interestingly, those voters who said they saw the speech, 47% said Obama sufficiently addressed the right issue, 37% said he needs to address it further.
Like an envelope.
By the way, check in at your checks in the mail.
Okay, don't bother me.
Oh, I think the alarm is over here.
That beep, it says solid like...
Among whites, 45% were satisfied with Obama's explanation.
38% were not among black, 67% of the speech was sufficient, 25% of the people who had been arrested further.
Overall, 55% of voters told us they were disturbed by Reverend Jeremiah White videos that circulated so widely on cable TV and the internet on you...
You!
...in elsewhere.
They were disturbed.
But never letting you know, a lot of what he said was true, but then again, don't say that.
Nope.
About GD, Americans, stuff like that.
Now, we're killing all these innocent people and the polluting the world and doing all sorts of grotesque barbaric things.
But don't say that, especially during a political campaign.
Don't say the truth, that's the last thing you ought to be saying.
So, in other words, in a half an hour or more, we're going to be given away that thing.
I mean, I've never seen anything so difficult to do it.
In other words, he's the one that answers the phone and there's nobody else who can do it.
Or Rolly and they're both in the promotions of eating.
Oh, Rolly, he's still there. I thought he was like a pan in the work there now.
Close.
That was he told me? He's not panning.
That's right.
Poor baby.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, we're going to go over 200 votes and this poll, this new poll, just went under like a what? About 10, 5, 10, 10.
Yeah, about that.
Wow.
That is shocking. That's staggering.
We're going to go over 200 in the first hour and then Chris is going to get up on the tabletop and dance naked there on top of the out counter.
And George is going to go right back to the TV room and have some real serious problems.
Wouldn't you get violently ill if Chris did that?
I would think about it, yeah.
198 votes on here.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
Huge dump 58.
I'm saying it's one thing that feels really good is knowing that next January 21,
unless we have some kind of a coup that this bozo...
The violence caused by sheer extremism.
...is going to be gone.
And once he's gone, huge dump 58, he makes me want to take a huge dump.
Back massage 37, going back to sleep 23, foot massage, 12th, good workout 11, clean sheets 9.
Scalp massage 8, scratching an itch 8.
Jumping into water on a hot day 8, shower after hard work 7.
Cracking the back or neck 4.
How about your knuckles?
Ooh.
I would be wrong with doing on the ear, which I find really grotesque.
So by the way, the alarm is over, they test.
Woo!
Alright.
Scynes is finally draining for.
I'm draining over here and the sinus is 2.
Can't fire on a cold night 3.
Carapagetic adjustment 2.
Jacuzzi 2.
Ear's popping open 1. That's my vote. Only 1.
I guess they don't fight it as enjoyable.
Maybe they don't get their ears plugged up all the time like we do.
Or at least I do.
Yeah.
Mine do.
What?
Mine do.
What?
Everybody's ears plugged up.
Sure.
Sound of one acupuncture none.
Why would acupuncture, I've never done it.
But why would that feel so good?
202 votes, Chris.
Man, you're often running a day.
I think 3 million is within our sights.
Oh, you know, maybe only 2 million.
202.
We are just some mokin.
That's more of us than Fuzzi gets on.
He's still doing what's the best burger in town, by the way.
Is it Royal Castle?
Is it, um, what a burger?
Is it Goofy Burger?
I don't know.
He's just a goofy guy, I guess.
I don't know what the story is with him.
Now when's the next trend coming out?
You don't know.
I guess during the break, I better Google it, huh?
Right.
So we know it.
So we have advanced worrying.
You're right on the counter like we always do.
Because Clarence don't tell us any.
He's probably nervous about when the next trend comes out, especially after what happened to us in January.
The whole station got warped.
We had a great November or sensational December.
And then all of a sudden January, it's like, oh gee, we don't want to hear them anymore.
Chris no more dolphins, ya know?
That must be it.
No more dolphins.
We love the dolphins.
They really suck, you know, like that.
And we got that Dolphin infomercial every night, which of course is like, the kiss of death.
Kiss's name to the band.
Six o'clock in the night.
Get her time.
I'll give it a kiss.
Come back in late night, five o'clock.
I think I kissed that extra once.
Later.
Thank you, Michelle.
What's the next trend?
Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do any questions.
Redone's be shot me up, Royce last night.
Blackdum!
30 C C's in my left cheek.
Blackdum!
And it's gonna keep me on, on a winning streak.
My muscles both so much, I can't get enough.
I've got a giant head.
And such a tiny, a texel's cup.
And I'm gonna have to find someone to blame.
If I'm gonna make it to the hollow face, it looks like very much.
It's not a throne.
Oh, no, no, no.
I'm the rocket man.
Rocket man.
I'm a crew and you might career on from small moans.
I'm a rocket man.
You'll rock it, I think, with the perfect example of career.
What is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show?
He uses that word rectum every five minutes because that's what his brain is.
He's never gonna get past his south floor to audience because that's the town and the people
that he's always complaining about the only fools that would give him any time of day.
Eventually his brain will drop so low you'll have to readjust his rectum.
Excellent.
Good reading, L.R.
It's 111 at 560 W.
Him all these hostile bitter people.
I like that.
That's how floater for it, baby.
I see Brandon is gone.
He's disappeared.
I guess he'd be able to out probably because he knows that Josh Cordis is gonna be filling in for you most the next week.
And he said he don't want to be around for that.
Yeah, that must be.
That must be his former protest.
Also, the Miami-Pompey guy didn't respawn when I wrote The Gidda Life,
which is the way exactly I feel about people who want to tell me what I should do, where I should go.
I'll also say, you know, it's one thing if somebody says, hey, here's a great restaurant you might want to try.
You know, like that famous kosher deli, whatever it is.
That's one thing.
What's the other thing?
Oh, you want to you should don't even go home when you come down next time.
Get in the cab and go to the Ritz Carlton hotel.
Yeah, get lost.
You go to the Ritz Carlton, okay?
You go over there and see Gianni Versace and what's his name? Andy Cunanan.
Gianni.
Yeah, Gianni Versace.
See if he's still got the binoculars laying up there on the roof where he was checking out all the hot young guys on the beach.
I want that one. I want this one.
Like ordering from a menu, you know.
Great work if you can get it.
No, I agree. Oh, baby.
Give me up on the roof.
Then I'll go down to sub beach and they Versace mentioned.
Yeah, well, that could be you.
Yeah, right.
By the same mansion.
Waiting. Oh, this is more on that.
This makes me sick to my stomach.
Waiting into a church day fight a powerful Florida tax commission decided yesterday to vice voters of the state should become the first in the nation to remove Constitution language that clearly prohibits spending public money directly or indirectly on religious institutions.
On a 17 to 7 vote.
The taxation and budget reform commission placed on the November ballot and amendment to replace the state constitutions,
wide ranging no aid to religion provision with the following.
Individuals or entities may not be barred from participating in public programs because of religion.
Opponents warned that language is unclear that it provides state sanction for religion to be taught at taxpayer expense,
and that the measure could go too far by requiring public money to be spent on religious vendors.
They just won't stop. The Getskis won't stop.
Leave us alone. Now we won't do it. They won't stop.
Just like my neighbor over there. Leave us alone, honey.
In fact, if I was here, I'd begin real excited because it's already Thursday only a couple of days until Saturday night when she can go to bed and get all excited because the next day is Sunday.
And she's going to get ready to go to church. Oh, I'm so excited. I can't sleep. I got insomnia for the Lord. I got insomnia for Jesus.
Supporters say the measure is necessary in light of a 2004 state appeal court ruling that struck down a school voucher case.
Supporters say that court decision based on the Constitution's No 8 clause, endangered numerous other programs that received state money from back to hospitals that helped Medicaid patients, the students attending religious universities to float as massive universal pre-K program subsidizing programs for all four year olds.
But Commissioner Les Miller of back to St.D.K. and former state center described the parade of horribles ticked off by Commissioner Patricia Levec as an exaggeration.
He noted that none of the programs she listed has been challenged in court. That scare tactic shouldn't carry any way he said.
The only program that wasn't endangered was the first voucher measure pushed by then Governor Fadash to have Bush for whom Patricia Levec worked as education policy adviser.
Though the appeals court ruled against the program under the No 8 provision, 80% of the schools getting voucher money were religious.
The State Supreme Court canceled the program based on another section of these state constitution calling for uniform and free public schools ducking the No 8 issue entirely.
The No 8 language is added to the state constitution 1868 as anti-Catholic bias repination and other states followed.
Florida's No 8 provision served multiple rewrites to survive the multiple rewrites and reviews of the Constitution, though anti-Catholic big of fear any other religious discrimination was absent from the legislative records.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but a boop, but a boop, but a very simple, it seems to me, you know.
Yeah. I'm not giving any tax money for a bunch of guest keys. That's what it boils down to. No tax money for guest keys.
If the guest keys want to spend their tax dollars on all the scrap, we'll find go ahead. Otherwise, right? It's not enough that they have a tax-free business.
That's why taxes have big, big business. Yeah, that's not good enough.
I got to open the door of the alarms over.
beep beep beep
Oh, beep.
You do that well. We can write you out. Well, I didn't tell you. I went on the other side of the door. I didn't tell you. I'm walking.
How's Chris's pull come? We're getting a phenomenal response. That's a good pull.
Two thirty four. Wow. And a huge dump is winning the day with 66 votes. Aside from sex, what feels best are huge satisfying dump.
Write in your pants. Right there in the middle of Main Street, man. What everybody looking on a crowded hot July day. A steamy, hot, humid day.
This story, and I've been telling you this for years, but of course nobody cares anymore because only us old far to even remember Bobby Kennedy.
Forty years later, after Democratic rising star Robert F. Kennedy was killed in Los Angeles Hotel during his presidential run,
New evidence suggests the man serving a life sentence for his murder did not fire the shots they've killed the charismatic senator.
Forensic scientists met at a conference in Connecticut this week to discuss the independent findings that cast serious doubt on the Robert Kennedy assassination.
Sirhan Sirhan is serving a life sentence in Kennedy's death, but the conference presenters argue he could not have fired the fatal shot that killed Kennedy.
What investigated Dr. Robert Joling has studied the Kennedy assassination for nearly four decades.
He determined the fatal shots came from behind Kennedy while Sirhan Sirhan was four to six feet in front of the senator and never got close enough to shoot him from behind NBC affiliate reports.
Analysis by another forensic engineer, Philip Van Pragg of a Canadian journalist tape recording known as the Przinski recording determined that 13 shots were fired while Kennedy was killed, although Sirhan's gun held only eight bullets.
This suggests that a second shooter was involved in the assassination or maybe God fired the other five. I don't know. Maybe it was like a immaculate contraception.
Van Pragg analysis led him to conclude that a second gun was fired matched to type one by one of the security guards in Kennedy's entourage.
When that security guard was asked about owning the gun at first, he admitted, yes, I owned that kind of a gun by God.
I rid of it two months before the assassination.
Correspondent Amy Pantparmitter said at MSNBC Wednesday it turns out upon further investigation. In fact, he did not get rid of the gun until five months after the shooting.
Of course, you can see where we're going with this. The security guard was in fact behind Senator Kennedy when the fatal shot was fired.
How do you like that? Security guard my ass. The big target.
Yeah, New York City train collision. Too long Island trains hit slightly.
Eastbound Long Island Railroad. It's an accident but nobody out here has derailed this at the Jamaica station.
The New York City Department of Hurt says two trains may have actually bumped each other causing as many as 20, 20 minor injuries.
There was an accident and a few people got hurt but nothing major so nobody got hurt.
Don't forget Kosi George at Gulfstream in our tentative two, given some tid
There's a number of bunch of dope and a bunch of money. Bring up a big bag of money.
Bring up about 10 grand. I don't want to be choosing.
Playing the slots all day man. Play the $5 wheel of fortune. All day? All day. Well if they bring enough money, that's true.
I mean with the money you got. Now I'm sure that there must be two coin jobs. Now you haven't checked those out.
No. Too bad we don't have a cordless mic because tomorrow would be really fascinating during the 10th and the new one I'm going to be here.
I would like to have a cordless mic. Yeah and then you could wander around and you could describe to me what they got.
I'm sure that they must because they have all new machines. I went to the casino, the real casino upstairs.
You know because they have the slot machines at various places along there. The place is huge. Polatial as you can imagine.
And they have everything imaginable upstairs in the name of slot machines. Really? Yeah.
Blazing sevens. I didn't take pictures or take pictures. I'm not blaming seven. For you.
Yeah. I should take pictures. I'll take pictures.
Take pictures. Man. Put them on our website. Sounds like a plan.
Which reminds me during this break I better go put my camera in my little bag.
That's right. You take some pictures of what? Of what? Of all.
And 26 votes and Chris is a poll. Boy this is really a staggering today. We're off to the races.
Just fly. Now can I do this giveaway now or what?
Not yet. Why is it that everything we do on this station is such a major project?
Why is it that it even like wiping your ass is like you can do it this way.
You could wait because we've only got three hours to go. I mean you could give it away but they'll just be.
Yeah they'll be ringing. Nobody's going to be answering the phone and the people will be really pork dumb.
Oh what kind of a kind of a bogus contest is this? I mean you know not a contest but so we could do it now or later.
You see it's all the same to some of us.
I just don't want to forget about it. I'm not going to. It's right here in front of me.
I'm trying to be like on top of the on top of the beam.
Come on. I haven't you adjusted the place yet. You were a slacker.
You turned it a chapter. I've done work with Josh Cordis.
I've had a problem acclimated to my atmosphere. Josh Cordis all he knows is oh I need some money to get laid and get drunk.
So give me a thousand dollars. I want to go to Vegas. I want to get you up for money so I can get laid and get drunk.
That's all he knows baby. Life is a big drunken orgies.
That's his biggest name.
The best talent. He knows his new logics.
4.560 QAM.
The sports leader.
I rear end.
I'm going to get a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little
bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit
of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a maggot那个的法律马神otha, Wow a Buggent Exactly No...Wow a ghost that made me feel like a Buggent Goodie friend of Toshin...Wow a ghost that makes me feel rich and cozy...Wow someone's sincere
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to release the
information.
The official said, cheekily, assuming he would often appear with the US military and
embassy officials at news conferences, to tout the successes of the crackdown that began
in Baghdad and surrounding Erismore than a year ago, was abducted from his home in Baghdad's
Al-Ameen neighborhood around 2.30 p.m.
11.30 GMT.
Arvman stormed his home at a time when there were clashes in his neighborhood of security
official with the Interior Ministry said they'd burnt his home, stole two cars and weapons
before fleeing with him.
Well, he's the spokesman for the security plan they kidnapped his ass.
Well, not too good, it's like the security guards got kidnapped or something like that.
They got shot or maybe the security guard killed Bobby Kennedy.
You see, that's the problem.
These things, they finally start unraveling years and years later when most of the people
are living at that point, don't care, don't know what it's all about.
They wouldn't know Bobby Kennedy if he walked into their living room right now.
You know, I mean, he was no John McCain, but then who is?
He was no Dick Nixon.
I have a feeling we're going to be like 45-minute votes on this poll today.
I'm going to go away that's certificate in a few minutes, so flee better get back there
in his little box.
You ever see a flee in a box?
Not lately.
265 votes on the poll, it's award-winning.
It's not bad, nice going to your Sean and Hollywood, thank you very much.
We appreciate it more than you'll ever know.
A vast ton of floating ice is broken away from the Antarctic peninsula, threatening to
be collapse of much larger ice shelf behind it in a development that has shocked climate
scientists.
Oh, satellite images show that about 160 square miles of a Wilkins ice shelf has been
lost since the end of last month, leaving the ice interior now hanging by a thread.
The collapsing shelf suggests that climate change could be forcing change much more quickly
than scientists had predicted.
The ice shelf is hanging by a thread said Professor David Vaughn of the brain, oh,
by the way, Brandon is back, thank God.
Thank you, Brandon.
He's back, he didn't deserve us, he just getting ready to attack a court next week.
And deservedly so, by the way, Slacker, Slacker, drunk.
The ice shelf is hanging by a thread said Professor David Vaughn of the British Atlantic
Survey and Arctic Survey, the BAS.
We'll know in the next few days or weeks what its fate will be.
The Wilkins shelf, Professor in Area 5600 square miles, it is not protected by just a thin
thread of ice between two islands.
Vaughn was remembered the team that predicted in 1993 that global warming could cause the
Wilkins shelf to collapse within 30 years.
A shetting a peripheral floating ice shelf has occurred elsewhere on the peninsula,
allowing island ice to move inland ice to move toward the sea and cause rising sea
levels.
Pretty soon you're going to hear a voice, it's going to be your own voice and you're
going to be screaming, I'm dying over here.
Some areas of the frozen continent have been cooler in recent years about an ice to
accumulate its snowfall this year.
The thin floating layer of sea ice that forms each Austral winter and fades in the summer
has in fact been larger than usual in contrast to the Arctic.
But another part such as the West Antarctic ice sheet, ice is being lost to the sea.
Oh, sheet.
Climate science history around Antarctica were taken by surprise by the new fine Wilkins
is the largest ice shelf on the Antarctic peninsula, the Antibiotr and Vaughn said, I didn't
expect to see things happen this quickly.
We predicted it would happen, but it's happened twice as fast as we predicted.
The retreat of the shelf was first spotted from satellite data by Ted Scamboos, a glaciologist
at the University of Colorado.
Do you ever know there were such things as a glaciologist?
I do know.
Wow.
He alerted the BAS, which sent an aircraft to assist the extended damage.
Jim Elliott, who filmed part of the breakup, said it was awesome.
We flew along the main crack and observed the sheer scale of movement from the breakage.
Big chunks of ice, the size of small houses, look as though they've been thrown around
like rubble, it's like an explosion.
The Antarctic peninsula, which stretches north from the frozen continent towards South
America's experience on press and into warming over the past 50 years, six other ice
shelves have already been lost entirely.
But the Wilkins shelf is farther south than other ice that's retreated, so it should
be better protected by colder temperatures.
Vaughn said it's bigger than any ice shelf we've seen retreating before in the long
term could be a taste of other things to come.
It's another case of the impact that climate change is having on the region.
Of course, we know according to some of the Nazis out there that the risen of the
same climate change.
Some of the Nazis like Rupert Murdoch.
That's right.
And that moron, a weather guy, and what's his name?
Rob Marciano and CNN.
Oh, but he's so hot, and we think that he's...
Yeah, right.
He's about as hot as the Arctic ice shelf.
Rob Marciano.
Esmeral or weather guy.
So how long do we have before we die before we're flooded?
Oh, a few minutes.
Stop hurting, man.
I think it would be a good idea to play that...
Tonight we are a country awakened to danger...
...in called to defend freedom.
Called to defend freedom.
No, that's not what I wanted.
I wanted...
Just a reminder for our radio listeners that the end of the world is going to come next
Tuesday at 4.30 p.m. and the Department of Health has requested homeowners to unplug
all electrical appliances, turn off radios and TV sets, and disconnect gas stoves and furnaces.
The post office recommends that you mail early in the day, and for those with automobiles,
alternate side of the street parking will be suspended.
That's the end of the world next Tuesday at 4.30 p.m.
Lock it down.
All right, market on your wrist, or just get a little tattoo on your wrist would be a good
idea.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
A huge dump is winning hands down your pants.
78.
How's the food by the way?
Are they getting food yet?
Are they still in the pocket?
No, it's just its nose great.
They're assembling it.
Heating it.
Huge dump.
E-packed massage 49.
Going back to sleep 26.
Good workout, 16.
Foot massage 16.
Show after a hard work, 13.
Jumping into water on a hot day, 13.
Scratching an itch, 11.
Clean sheets, 11.
Scalp massage, 10.
Can't fire on a cool night, especially with marshmallows and weenies.
Marshmallows on a stick.
Boy, how many years it's been since I ever had that?
In fact, I haven't had marshmallows.
I don't see them anymore.
Do you ever eat marshmallows?
Yeah, when you're, you know, it's really good.
What are those orange candies?
They're like marshmallows.
They're called circus peanuts.
Is that what those are called?
You know what I mean, don't you?
Oh, yeah, they're addictive.
You'll die.
Those are awesome.
Stay away from them.
No, I haven't.
Well, where am I going to find them?
I'm not crazy.
I'm not going to tell you.
Circus peanuts?
Peas?
Peas?
Yes.
You're, you're for the center pole on the big top, right?
Can't fire on a cool night's six.
Jircusi six, cracking them back or neck five.
Sinuses finally draining five.
What is nothing like an orange peanut?
Peas, peanut.
Here is popping open four while we're starting to get some action there.
Maybe there is popped.
Caraprec adjustment two, sound or two.
An active puncture still not have any out of 275.
Boy, by noon you'll be way over 300.
Aren't you pretty thrilled about this and excited?
And all of us?
Who see about it?
Or you all know about the food that they're going to be serving any minute?
Exactly.
Very much.
Ribs, steak.
Yeah.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Other things.
I'm pretty PO that I'm here.
Aren't they going to send any up here?
Yeah, probably a little.
It's not going to be on the monkey side by the time it gets here.
I'm excited about that famous kosher deli place.
Oh, thanks.
Do you think maybe they'll send food to my house if I come down this weekend?
They're like catering.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
We could talk about them in the middle of the spot if you wanted.
That would mean better.
Do what?
Do what?
Yeah, do what?
He had do what?
He dropped me a drink already.
Why didn't he just say, Chris?
I said you could talk about the famous in the middle of the spot for these people too if you want.
That ought to be better.
You're a fan of it.
What now?
I want an accent only one.
Former beetle fall McCartney is saying big time to settle his divorce with Heather Mills.
A London judge awarded him a $1,000.
$1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
Oh, I can buy it.
Well, that's a really mature Zen attitude.
You got it, mytho.
Heather's a skanky one-legged hoe.
It's 1132 at 560 WQM.
I don't see what the connection is between the downtowner and the famous kosher Deli.
What's out there, connected?
Are they like in competition with each other?
It isn't one in the end.
No, it isn't one in the end.
It's one in the end.
It's one in the bulls.
Yeah, that's right.
This foot is up here.
That's George's new deal now.
Getting laid, getting stone, and busting my balls.
This foot nuke up with the...
Yeah, I'll screw you.
So you...
Yeah, I mean, you know, they got so many kinds of meat here.
I don't even know where to start.
Now, it's already 1132.
It would seem to me that that meat...
Emotions meat?
Emotions meat.
It should be over by me.
Yeah, maybe it is.
Maybe it isn't. Who knows?
Hey, Chris, do you want to go check it out?
I don't know.
Hey, Josh, Chris.
Chris just poked his head into the door.
No, I'm sure.
Of course he just poked his head into the door.
Because there's free food there.
You can't hit me.
He wants checks from me.
He wants free food.
He wants the hop up anything he can.
In the meantime, he don't want to do not.
What a footer.
Or anybody.
He thinks life is just a hand.
We spoiled him on this show.
I got a meat boy here.
It's bigger than your head.
Yeah.
That's great.
And...
And I got some flat steak.
And I got some ribs flat iron.
Flat iron steak.
Iron steak, sorry.
Mmm.
And some ribs.
Yeah.
Some sliced Cuban.
Sliced Mark Cuban, yeah.
Mmm-hmm.
And the mustard eating is still going on.
Oh my god.
Oh my god.
Mmm.
Mmm-hmm.
It's a scary, really.
They just have a meeting all day long.
They would do a damn thing.
I'll need to his hand.
Well, they're trying to figure out how to get people to listen to the sports show.
Oh yeah, that's right.
We get 45 more sports stations.
That's going to bring a lot more people to sports.
A lot of people are going to be very curious about it.
If we had 6,000 more sports talk stations, we're going to bring a lot more people to sports talk,
or it costs a whole lot more people while I take the radio and throw it in the toilet,
or give up and put the real programming on.
Right.
A Florida congressman who's suggesting that someone other than Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama
could end up with a Democratic nomination at this summer's convention,
ranked up speculation in Al Gore might step into state of the Democratic Party,
now he's trying to revise those remarks.
I've been misquoted, Representative Tim Mahoney,
a Democrat, a Democrat, a Florida told MSNBC yesterday,
explaining that while it's possible for the former vice president to snag the nomination,
the option is not being seriously considered.
The question to me was whether or not there could be a brokerage convention,
and the answer to that is yes, Mahoney continued.
This is not new to American politics.
It's important that people understand that I'm not advocating Al Gore,
anybody else be that person.
Mahoney's interview with a South Florida newspaper appeared on the Fudge Report
and Ross Story and generated some speculation online,
but Mahoney said the focus at this point should remain on the race between
swallery and Obama.
If the nomination process goes into the convention,
don't be surprised if somebody difference at the top of the ticket Mahoney said
during a meeting with the paper's editorial board,
he mentioned Gore is a possible outside entrance to the race, Fat Al.
He maintained that the possibility in the interview with MSNBC,
but he said he wasn't speaking on Gore's behalf,
nor implying anything more than the way a party convention works.
If it goes into that environment, there's no third candidate,
and after the first vote nobody emerges,
the way the process works is that they're going to be looking at trying to broker a solution
between two primary candidates or potentially a third candidate he said.
But a beep, but a boop, but a boop, but he didn't really mean it and
shut up and go back and eat your cheerios or whatever.
Each of us is a giant meatball.
A giant meatball?
Yeah, it's great.
How's it got like sauce?
Oh yeah, two kinds of sauce, white and red.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
What do you like?
White soup or the red soup?
I don't want to choose.
Remember, Pope boys?
We never had about that place anymore.
Pope boys.
Right.
They had a business place for real, not just make-believe redness, but real redness.
Not just people eat biscuits and gravy at hearties.
Those are like make-believe redness, but real.
That's the last fact that difference between people that eat real humintacian at form
or the ones that eat the old square triangles.
The old triangular triangles.
Those old hard rocks.
Oh my god.
They're glorified cookies.
So I feel free, although they do have humintacian in the menu with the famous
...
I'm just interested in that place.
The menu looks really spectacular.
In fact, I got it over here.
You want me to read it again?
Yeah.
Do it in the middle of the video.
You're going to do like a boy or what?
Is free going to come in there with that meaning as finally over?
Couldn't he take like five seconds out?
You know how long it's going to take to give away that thing?
Like maybe two minutes.
Your priorities are all out of whack.
No, his priorities are all out of whack.
What's not the air is what's important?
Not some stupid-ass way.
That's right.
With a bunch of pretenders sitting around like we're pretending we promote on this station,
which is all-
One of the days you'll figure out where you are.
Oh, I don't want to do this.
This very thing that you're doing right now is an impediment.
An impediment to walk to their good time.
To their choc coffee.
The interesting part of it is you guys are getting the good food.
That's right.
Very good food.
I got another complaint about.
Well, there you go.
They're probably going to eat in some stale oven.
I've already done.
No one at free.
296 on the pool.
Like I said, you're going to be way over 300 by noon on a pool that we started after 10 this morning.
That is staggering, boys and girls.
In the NSNBC debate, if McCain had showed up to the Senate, more would he have avoided economy footflop.
Since the presidential campaign began last year, no remaining candidate has been more absent
from their day job than Senator Insane John McCain.
He's missed more than half the votes in the Senate since January of last year.
One MSNBC host is wondering whether the media-friendly GOP presidential candidate isn't getting a pass
from the National Press and if McCain would have a better grasp on the issues if he'd bother to show up more often.
McCain has missed votes on everything from consumer products saved due to the economy to defense for aid, for injured vets,
and yet the media seemed to just let it pass by as they obsessed only over Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton.
The MSNBC's Dan Abrams said to the...
noting report that McCain has missed 56% of Senate votes.
Abrams tied the F-SNT as in the McCain-shifting views of the U.S. economy.
Noting the Senator said in January, he thought everything would be fine.
He thought it would be all wear-fine.
Before saying this week, he agreed with Alan Green's fans assessment that the economic trouble the country is facing is worse than any point since WW2.
The bottom line is that Obama or Clinton had made this kind of flip-flop on the economy.
This would be a story plastered everywhere, Abrams said, and almost nobody is talking about it.
McCain trailed only Senator Tim Johnson, Democrat, South Dakota, and F-SNT as in the beginning of last year.
And Johnson spent most of the last year recovering from a brain hemorrhage.
You see the correlation here, I see it from in this connection.
I see real strong concoction.
What makes it so ironic is that his McCain talks about his experience of other experiences he had from last year, so I asked.
Democratic strategist Margie Olmuro, against the Abrams show, he's not serving the people of Arizona.
He's not brushing up on the economy. He just said that he's not smart enough for this whole home mortgage business,
and he's not brushing up on the conflict of the war-winning in Iraq.
Despite the lackluster performance since last year, McCain's lifetime attendance record is fairly solid.
Rock solid!
He's missed 11% of votes since 1987.
He's nowhere near as missing from the Senate as Senator John Kerry was four years ago, when he missed 72% of votes in 2003 and 4.
Swirly's missed 27% of votes while Obama missed 37.
MSNBC's Dan Abrams reports that McCain has missed more votes than any other healthy Senator since January of last year.
McCain, maybe it's not all that bad.
You know, we're doing a much raising guy.
Like that, who's running around singing stupid songs and acting like a lunatic, who never met a word he didn't like and now he's saying,
Well, Iran's got nooks, Iran's got nooks.
You want more lunacy, man. You want more wars. You want more dead Americans. You want more trillions of dollars flushed down the toilet than vote for John McCain by all means.
How he's got any support beats their hot of me. Maybe they like that puffed up cheek. Do you think that does it for him?
Does it for me?
Maybe he could be dancing on with a dancing with a star. Is he in Jason Teder could be dancing cheek to cheek.
Why do people care about that show about that crap?
I don't know, just to piss you off, I guess.
How much celebrity's dancing? I mean, well, what is that? What would that be?
Filibaterial. So anyways, speaking of filibaterial, rollies here now. So if you want to do that thing.
Oh, I can do it right now.
Do it. Do it, man.
Caller number five wins a 50 dollar gift certificate to the historic downtown right 10 South New River Drive East in Fort Lauderdale.
Caller number five at 1-800-227-0560 and in 20 minutes a new will be doing our half price deal with the downtown.
Caller number five right now 1-800-227-0560.
Oh, fly!
A bitch named Joyce said no fart noise took away our sound effects don't give up.
Haven't farted since then.
She wants to assassinate the only show that gets the bills paid give up.
Haven't farted since then.
Will children and things it takes to depend in validity of behavioral corporate retrovagancy?
Haven't farted since then.
She'll go as far as you yourself to make our life a stinkin' pet.
Haven't farted since then.
No. Don't do this and don't say that.
Unless you're a hardcore sport or a bad gave up.
Haven't farted since then.
Where what floats in the toilet bowl is what she knows about radio?
She wants to destroy our show gave up.
Haven't farted since then.
Oh my god.
Haven't farted since then.
Oh my god.
14 million.
So, Gelly was on against us a day or two ago whatever the hell I was for George Jorge Sedona.
That's what they said.
Wow. How can we compete with stiff competition like that?
What a little disorder.
Yeah, just mail it in baby.
314 votes on Chris's pool.
He ought to be just ecstatic.
I'm a low-atm fan, so what are you eating?
Had some of the steak, had some of the ribs, had some of the Cuban, had some of the meatball, had some of the wanton.
Some of the Cuban wad, it's a Cuban sandwich.
Cuban sandwich.
Oh.
You know what your favorite pork.
Mmm.
And what was the last thing you had on there after the whole thing?
I don't know what tuna wonton I believe it was.
Seared tuna, wonton.
Mmm.
And any dessert?
Maybe I should hope not.
I hope not also.
In other words, they're not done?
And we got some wine.
Mmm.
Well, good.
Sounds like a good time for all.
We have 13 minutes until noon and then we'll go to our two for one deal.
A 22% of Democratic voters nationwide say that swallowing should drop out of the race.
However, the latest rasmussen reports national telephone survey found an identical number.
22% say that Barack Obama should drop out.
A lot of dropouts out there.
Like the callers we used to take on the show.
Let's take some calls today.
NAH!
Come on, Neil.
I don't wanna.
We could.
You could punch them up there.
So if that weren't today.
But.
A solid majority of Democrats, 62% are ready for either candidate to leave the race.
Nationally, Clinton and Obama are essentially running even among the Democratic primary voters.
The rasmussen reports daily presidential tracking poll.
47% of Obama supporters think swallowing should drop out.
38% of Clinton supporters say Obama should drop out.
Those who remain undecided are a bit more likely to suggest Obama should leave.
But it's worth noting that less than half of Obama's supporters say Clinton should withdraw.
Less than half of Clinton's supporters say Obama should withdraw.
And less than half the other side of voters should say either should withdraw this time.
But this is really something.
Talk about sending in the numbers.
Clinton leads Obama in Pennsylvania, while Obama leads Clinton in North Carolina.
New polling released today shows that both candidates have lost ground in Missouri to Republican John McCain over the last month.
Wow!
Interestingly, Republicans are more eager to see Clinton drop out rather than Obama.
41% of Republican voters say the former first lady she would withdraw, while just 24% say the same about Obama.
Among unaffiliated voters, 30% say swallowing should drop out, while 25% say the same about Obama.
6% of Democrats would like both of them to drop out of the race. The vote of them.
The National Televone Survey also found that 85% of all Democrats and 87% of all voters believe it's at least somewhat likely that Democratic nomination will stay unresolved until the Democratic nomination August.
52% of all Democrats believe it's a significant convention is very likely.
No way.
Do you believe that?
I don't.
After she loses, after she gets walloped to North Carolina regardless of Pennsylvania.
After she gets walloped to North Carolina and Indiana.
She'll have to drop out.
So be done.
47% of all voters say that Obama would be the stronger general election candidate against McCain.
35% say swallowing would provide the bigger challenge.
Among Democratic voters, 47% say Obama would be the stronger candidate.
42% say swallowing both Democrats currently trail McCain nationally in the Rasmussen reports presidential daily tracking poll.
Wow. That is scary.
54% of all voters say that Obama is likely to win the nomination.
24% swallowing is likely to win the nomination.
22% are like, I don't know.
Among Democrats, 52% say Obama is going to win it and 28% say swallowing.
28%.
Overall, the race for the White House remains very competitive.
The Rasmussen reports shows Democrats leading in states with 200 electoral votes.
The GOP's got the advantage in states with 189.
When leaners are added, the Democrats lead 247 to 240.
A Rasmussen report video analysis notes that Obama came had a great month of March.
It takes a good day in November to win the White House.
In that clever, huh?
A good month of March don't cut it.
It takes a good day in November.
Over the past month, McCain is getting ground in misery.
Ohio, Michigan, Minnesota, Colorado, and Hampshire, and Pennsylvania.
He leads both Democrats in North Carolina, Joe Jet, and Arkansas.
Both Democrats continue to lead in New York, Massachusetts, Connecticut, and California.
But a beat for the boot footerbub.
And the beat goes on.
Polls and numbers and bop, bop, bop, bop, bop.
And Michelle Obama said this, and Chelsea wouldn't say that.
And, yada, and this one's preacher said that.
Nothing about who's going to really do anything, you know?
When the depression hits and we're all out of work, we're all out of the street corner.
Sperson, change Mr. Wersh, John D. Rockefeller with a dime for me, you know, like that.
I can see myself in the future, man.
Talk about homeless.
Really?
I told you that.
Paco always tells me I dress like homeless.
I tell him I'm practicing.
So did he before you met you.
No, he didn't.
That's one thing I'll say about people who are vain, people who have tremendous vanity.
Even if they're like trying to raise two nickels to scrape together,
they'll find somebody to get the, you know, snappy clothes.
You know, I don't know how that is.
I do.
Will they just steal it?
Yeah, or something.
See, there you go again with that negativity about, it's just the same old crap, man.
Never stop.
Negative about what?
Anybody who's a friend of mine, anybody I like, anybody who's my buddy, a lot of that.
I'm not that.
I'm not that.
I'm not that.
I'm going to talk about you with lunch.
I'm going to tell him you know that that retard his specter works on my show that you walk through that one morning.
He's like poison.
And he'll say something in Espanyol.
I make my living.
K. Pasa, USA.
No, he'll say puta, something like that.
That's what he is, puto.
Puto?
Yeah.
326 votes on the pool.
Well, I think we make 500 today on a pool that we started during the show.
Now that would be a feather in your crap, you know what?
So I'm assuming we gave away that certificate, right?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
Everything I have to assume because nobody tells me, they're like I'm lunch for you.
I do like mushrooms.
And you'd be pleased to know I was down to like to 193.2 this morning after.
I didn't even give you the number, didn't I?
I was up to 196.
Oh.
That is, that's an all-time fat.
No, it's not all time, but certainly it's in recent history.
Like the last year in a half year.
I was in the 180s most of the time.
I got down to like 180.2 and then it was like in the mid 180s and then you're stressing.
And then you stopped getting on the scale for one.
And just get fat and sloppy.
Are you stress eating over there?
No, I'm not stress eating and just eating.
Well, if you go to a lot of meals when you go to a lot of restaurants and eat a lot of meals and restaurants, you wind up being fat.
I reckon we hope that you'll go to the downtown or you'll get fat.
And we'll also go to that other place.
I'm not going to mention it anymore because you're starting to give me a brief answer.
What about that?
The guys were in here and they're like, hey, what the hell?
What the hell what?
What the hell what?
I thought he was talking about us.
That kind of thing.
They just got to, he just raised his eyebrows.
The guy, Frankie, he's a good guy.
He raised his eyebrows.
He did.
Because I dared to mention you didn't, which has nothing to do with them.
Or you're sitting there looking your chops and salivating over the great food they brought you.
That's right.
I think you're making a crack pop.
I think you're just absolutely.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Don't forget, go see you absolutely full of it George tomorrow.
Bring him a bag.
That's right.
Or someone in a bag.
At the Augustine race track in Casino and Helen Dale from 10 to 2.
Go out there and say, hey, hi George, how you doing?
And here's a picture of my girlfriend that you can go have her this weekend.
You can do all kinds of stuff.
And here's a big bag of weed.
All right.
Here's 20,000 to gamble with today at the Slotts and on the homies.
What a promo.
Come by for great horse racing.
Play a little bit of poker and maybe hit the Slotts for a big jackpot baby.
Get the good machine, Mon.
Plus enjoy some great food and drinks while George gets you all ready for the big Florida Derby of Gulfstream.
Now, where exactly are you going to be?
I know I ask you this every day, but if people are going to come out to the finish line casino or a...
Is that what they call a line cafe?
Something like that.
Is it you're finished?
That's right.
That's where Jolly Joe says.
You're finished.
He's in for a big surprise now.
We're going to be here a long, long time.
We're going to be here for at least 20 years.
And while he Philips was on for 41 years on WGN.
So let's see if I'm going to be on this station for 41 years.
That means we got 31 more to go.
So what would I be 96?
Not bad.
Maybe I can play that old kneel thing.
That Phantom Christopher wanted all the time.
Remember that Phantom creep?
That's right.
You were pretty sure I knew what it was.
Yeah.
And then there was Phantom Ethan too.
There were so many Phantom's out at MySpace.
MySpace is fun for the people minded basically.
I don't want to put it down, knock it like that.
We have 1,500 and some on the friends on there.
And I use the term very, very loosely.
Oh, thanks for the ads.
Thanks for the ads.
Thanks for the ads.
When you come down here, do this.
And don't do that.
Wow.
You're meeting the wrong people in there.
I thought I had met a whole bunch of really neat people on there.
And they just say, you're here.
Surprise.
Surprise.
Surprise what?
They weren't neat after all.
You can just leave that wine bottle in here, Barney.
Four minutes till noon at 5.60 WQM Nails Half-Price deals are the head of the town.
Every week we got another offer with more happy New York Rogers listeners and starting in just four minutes.
You can buy $50 certificates for half-priced, just 25 bucks, to the sensational downtown or saloon of Fort Lauderdale landmark.
And one of the last way local restaurants downtown.
With Waterfront dining on the New River, this family-friendly restaurant saloons.
You got a local friendly atmosphere and awesome chef's specials including a raw bar and a fantastic audio-can-eats Sunday brunch.
As well as audio-can-eat cram-legs on Sunday nights.
Try the best seafood around including crab cakes, fresh grouper and seared tuna, or try the awesome roasted prime river of the ribeye.
The downtown is a great place to watch your favorite teams do during March Madness on their high-definition big screens.
They offer you two-for-one drinks Monday through Friday with live entertainment every Wednesday through Saturday.
And now thanks to me in just about like three and a half minutes.
Are you counting or counting down?
Yes, ticket.
The coach Don Schueller and I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-door now or whatever it is.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league that are two?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
If you're their fandals sing the blues.
The dolphins had Sam Camperon and one thing that I learned.
He had the fans all wishing that Nick Saven would return.
If you think he's a winner then you would wash your mind.
The next thing he'll be coaching is beyond employment.
Why then there are the Miami Dolphins.
Oh my god.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league that are three?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
There's something you scrape off your shoes.
The dolphins have John Beck or Ripley Quarterback.
If you think he's the answer you must be smoking crack.
You know they could have gotten someone good like Brady Quinn.
The way they waste their draft picks it's nothing for us.
There's the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
I think they're.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Their talent scouts don't have a clue.
The dolphin games are boring when they're on the radio.
And everyone was put to sleep by Jimmy Sambolo.
When he is calling play by play it's the same old food.
And just so manage had a job on Sunday after.
But they're the right.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in the league?
I think they're.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear the fans begin to snooze.
I'm dying over here.
I sing the song of dolphins.
He's hired the parcels.
And I don't have to tell you the way that to the smells.
They say he'll solve the problems.
I wish him lots of luck.
No matter what he tries to do, the two will always suck them.
They're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
What the hell, 32?
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now there's room.
Oh!
Come on three and five sixty.
WDQM we've got more than half this certificate's going on already.
That's a pretty good start.
All right.
We got a hundred of them.
And now we got forty six left.
The point of my extra application, that's worked.
Forty-four like I said.
So we sold fifty-six in just a couple of minutes.
And we'll see what's there and maybe we'll solve all these out.
I don't know because it seems to me from what you guys are telling me.
And based on the action on our website, it looks like a lot of people are gone.
I want their gone.
Right.
Why would that be?
Is it because it's spring break?
Maybe.
Is it because it's Easter?
I post the Easter.
A lot of people on vacation.
Maybe you're evacuating because of that ice shelf that's melting.
They're evacuating, huh?
I thought that's what you've been doing.
That's what I already said in the United.
I have actually, yeah.
I might have to.
Oh, God.
You're right.
It's too bad that nobody would read it because I could write a really fascinating book.
Not that my life is all that interesting compared to many, but it just...
I don't know.
A lot of unusual crap happens if you find that expression.
A lot of crap.
So what do you think, Chris?
We're going to sell these out or what?
You're going to embellish and really keep it on.
Oh, we're definitely going to sell these things out.
Yeah, I mean, only forty-one left.
Yeah, I mean, great ribs, just, you know, mouthwatering ribs.
This great flat iron steak just cooked medium.
Very nice, you know, a little bit of pink in the middle.
You know, it's just great.
I mean, you know, a little bit of pink in the middle.
Yeah, well, you know, I thought I was going to have a little pink in the middle.
You know, forty-one left.
What do you know, what we got?
We sold fifty-nine.
We got forty-one to go.
These are fifty dollars to get them for twenty-five bucks.
There's a lot of buzz this week.
Who wrote this?
Because if I don't, John Nichols in the nation.
You know, the nation?
Yeah, I know it.
Are you eased still eating?
I bet you're still eating.
No, I'll take a sip of my wine.
Thank you very much.
No, I bet you're still eating.
I'm not.
I'm not pleased.
But I can eat it too.
And why don't they let me the bottle?
French stuff.
There's a lot of buzz this week about Hillary Clinton's emission that she missed spoke when
she made claims, apparently, to buck her commander-in-chief credential about landing under sniper
fire and running with our heads down when she traveled to Bosnia in 1997.
As it turns out, she was greeted by children reading poetry, sure that's embarrassing.
But at least she's admitted to a blip of misstatement on the Bosnia front.
There have been no such admissions with regard to her outright lies regarding trade policy.
Clinton has campaigned this year as a critic of the North American Free Trade Agreement,
NAFTA, despite the fact that the deal was promoted and passed during the Bill Clinton presidency,
and despite her own long-recorded praising NAFTA's benefits, Clinton has been claiming
on the current campaign trail.
I've been a critic of NAFTA from the very beginning.
In truth, she was an advocate for NAFTA within the Bill Clinton White House.
White House records released last week confirm that Swoley-Rick Clinton spoke on behalf of NAFTA
and participated in strategy sessions organized to figure out how to gain congressional approval
of an agreement that was opposed by labor, farm, environmental, and human rights groups.
Remarkably, the Clinton campaign continues to claim that Swoley-Rick was really a fifth column
that's quietly promoting a fair trade agenda within her husband's militantly pre-pro-fee
of free trade White House.
Say it again.
Pro-free trade White House.
Say it.
Pro-free trade White House.
Good.
Senator Clinton was pushing back Clinton campaign spokesman Jay Carson claimed that a conference
called the reporters last week.
Even when she appeared in November 10, 1993 session, set up to tell business leaders how
to lobby Congress, Carson says Clinton simply did a drop-by, sort of a peek in the door
in a wave.
The reality is that she was the headliner at that closed door event, and she wasn't
pushing back.
The executive director of the U.S. Association of Importers of Textiles and Apparel,
Laura Jones, was at the meeting.
She tells ABC News its ludicrous to suggest that Hillary Clinton was half-hearted back
of the trade deal that has caused the U.S. hundreds of thousands of unionized jobs,
hobbled in tear industries, settled the country with record trade deficits, undermined
protections for workers in the U.S. and abroad, and forced Mexican farmers off the
line into the immigration system.
There is no question that everyone who spoke including the first lady was foreign after.
It was rarely on behalf of that to help get it passed as Joan.
It is unquestionable.
Unquestionable.
Let me say it again.
How are you doing on that thing?
Oh, back up to 46.
We had some bogus ones on there.
Damn it.
Damn it.
Well, maybe it's just possible that everybody is gone, like I said.
I was physically having the same thing in the day, county-like traffic.
Yes, it's thankfully been kind of nice this past week or so.
Spring break.
Don't worry in Fort Lauderdale, there won't be too many spring breakers there.
They know that they're unwell.
If you're a young person under the age of 100, you're in Fort Lauderdale.
Get out.
Get out.
If you're a frog in Broward County or anywhere else in South Florida, get out.
Not wanted.
Notice how I'm going to English, I key.
You got it.
Well, we're stuck on 46 now.
So I think I'm going to go back to my up the pole.
Because the one mistake I make on this is I get too involved.
I take it like personal.
I guess you do.
Right.
I do.
I take it personally.
It's like I shot in the ass.
I do too.
You read in all the watch.
47.
We're going in the wrong direction now.
Pretty soon we're going to be up to 65 again.
We're going in the wrong direction, boys and girls.
But nevertheless, sonwbdqm.com, click on that thing on there where it says Niels deals.
Click on it and buy a bunch of stuff.
Chicken X probably trying to use is a J Byron card again.
Don't worry, Poundy, your check is in a mail vaulty.
You'll be loaded pretty soon.
And then about a month after that.
Oh, geez.
Not really.
Now what's the story?
I hate to ask you this on the air.
But the things have to calm down now that we got him on a regular road.
Things are so good.
No, that's seriously.
I'm being serious.
Really?
Like I got him Deb's email address.
He contacts her directly with the invoices.
They fire off the check right away.
Really?
I don't wait two months.
They send him to him that week.
And who's he got to thank for that?
You?
Yeah.
So.
Me and Charlie Joe, my good close personal buddy.
He's a slap-happy-pappy.
Good.
Oh, thank God.
Boy, it took a long time.
Took a lot of aggregate.
Charlie took years off my life.
354 votes on a poll.
Aside from sex, what feels the best?
Huge dump 101.
A huge, a humongous cleansing dump.
We've been very anal this week.
We did that whole thing about anal cleansing, yeah?
Mm-hmm.
That business about using my hand.
Oh.
Yeah.
Just make sure you use the correct hand.
Almost to the right hand.
There's not with the sues in the shears.
Our all whipped up about is the white foot is right hand to his left hand.
I think that's what's causing all those coming over there.
That's it.
Which hand did he wife with?
What would Jesus, what would Jesus wife with?
That's a good question.
He's a dragon on the sand.
Probably white clouds seems very heavenly to me, you know?
I was.
I was dying.
You see all those clouds?
Certainly not Mr. Whipple.
He's dead now, right, Mr. Whipple?
Yes, he is.
Huge dump 101, back massage, 61.
Going back to sleep 29.
The good thing this morning was my alarm went off.
I forgot to reset it.
It went off at like 7-10.
The alarm went off at all.
No, it can't be.
And then I realized it's only 7-10.
So I reset it for 8-10, went back to sleep.
Going back to sleep 30.
Good workout 20.
Jumping into water on a hot day, 20.
Foot massage, 20.
Clean sheet, 16.
Chowar after hard work, 15.
Scratching in its 15.
Scalp massage, 13.
Scythus is finally draining 10.
Jirkusi 10.
Cracking the back of your neck.
9.
Can't fire on a cold night, 6.
With weenies and marshmallows.
And what do you call those things?
Those peanuts?
Circus peanuts?
Circus peanuts?
Why do they call them that?
I assume because they were popular in the circus.
I'm just guessing here.
And the stuff that they, that orange stuff that they put on the artificial coloring is like,
it like, it like, it like, rubs off on your hands.
It's like newsprint.
Yeah, it's lucky.
Probably artificial coloring.
Red dye number three.
It's probably like cancerous.
I'm sure of that.
But they're good though.
Can't fire on a cold night, 6.
Ear's popping open, 5.
Carro practice adjustment, 4.
Sounded 2.
And acupuncture, about 350.
And both of us still got it.
Well, there's Ali felching again on CNN.
When it comes to issue number one.
Oh my God, get her off of there.
Right.
They just won't stop putting these queens down our throats.
They keep pushing them and pushing them right down our throats.
A group of prominent Hillary Clinton donors,
send a letter to the House of Representatives,
speak for Nancy Pelosi yesterday, ask her to retract her comments on super delegates
and say, I'll be a Democratic fight over their role in the president.
So, race, how we did on this certificate, sir, by the way, Chris?
37 minute ago.
37?
See, or making some progress, that's pretty good.
The 20 prominent Clinton supporters, so Pelosi,
she's who'd clarify recent statements to make it clear that stupid,
stupid delegates, nearly 800 party insiders and elected officials,
were afraid to back any candidates, could support the candidates
and think would be the best nominee.
The whole thing about super delegates is just idiotic.
Yep.
It's just the way to overrule the will of the public.
The whole concept of it is idiotic.
Just like the whole concept of Michigan and Florida pushing up their primary,
when they knew it would screw everything up.
If you do that, it's going to screw it up.
Okay, well, we're going to go ahead and do it.
And then it's, how come you won't count our votes and our delegates?
That.
Pelosi is not publicly endorsed either Clinton or Barack Obama,
and they're hardly contested at what House Battle,
but she recently said, super delegates should support whoever merges
from the nomination contest, with the most pledged delegates,
which appears almost certain to be Obama.
Yamama, no drama.
This is an untenable position that runs counter to the party's intended
establishing super delegates in 1984,
letter from the wealthy Clinton backer said,
oh yeah, they're trying to buy her off.
Super delegates like all delegates have an obligation to make an informed,
individual decision about whom to support,
and who would be the party's strongest nominee,
said, let us sign by some of Clinton's biggest money razors.
Bitch.
Super delegates have emerged as life of the Kingmakers
in the fight between Clinton and Obama.
The letter was another sign of growing democratic tension
over their nominating battle.
Neither candidates expected to have enough pledge delegates
won in state by state contest to Clinton nomination
when voting ends in June, leaving the choice in the hands of the super delegates.
Both candidates have ruled them heavily
with Obama contending they should follow the world of democratic voters,
and swillery argumentation, both for the candidate with the best chance
of winning in November, which he says is her,
with her 37% approval rating.
How about this is Tom Payne.com.
No, it's Amazon.com.
What do they want?
Maybe your books are on the way.
Oh, I got another email from them saying.
We're still trying to find that book.
Don't worry about it.
When it gets here, it gets here.
Right. Right.
Because, like I told you, it's going to be the same Kakarai.
I mean, you know, your intentions are very good.
But I was sitting there at Woodbine yesterday playing a machine.
One 600 bucks, big deal.
And I was thinking to myself about that.
Somebody knows what the real deal here is.
Like somebody was telling me a while back
that they're also programmed for like near misses, close misses,
to give the visual appearance of, oh, I just missed 3,000, you know.
Like red seven five times.
And the other end of the wheel fortune in the top or the bottom
or the other five times.
I mean, make it, oh, look at how close I can.
He didn't come close at all.
Like they said, they might as well all be blank
because you've got zero.
You've got 70 due to.
And there's no such thing as close in slots.
Keep that in mind, okay.
And you're there plunging your 234 grand tomorrow at Gulfstream.
There's no such thing as close.
What's your biggest name?
The best talent.
He knows his new projects.
It's like all of the film is DQAM.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read it.
I think we're doing pretty good. We sold 71 right in about 20 minutes. That's not too bad. That's very good
Not too shabby better and some people who don't sell anything anymore because they don't have any audience tootsie
I was thinking of eating what nothing called in tootsie. That's tootsie. Hey toots
Hey, foots
It's it is what it is you know you are where you are and it is what it is just like Michael told Vincent and godfather three you are what you are
Speaking of what eating too much and having a big puppet like Chris and like Zach and like the beast and like me and like the Humper
How's that for dealing by the way you see lately? No, no who?
Having a big belly in your forties can boast your risk of getting Alzheimer's disease or other dementia decades later
A new study suggests the headline on this big belly could carry a bigger dementia risk
Bum bum bum bum like that
It's not just about your weight while previous research has found evidence that obesity in middle age raises the chances of developing
Dementulator the new work found a separate risk from storing a lot of fat in the abdomen even people who were not overweight were susceptible
That abdominal fat sometimes discovers making people apple shaped rather than pear shaped is already been linked to our risk of developing diabetes
Stroke and heart disease
To which I would say
Now we can add dementia to that said study author Rachel Whitmer of Kaiser Permanente Division of Research in Oakland, California
She and others report the findings and the studies online issue of the journal neurology which I'm sure you read religiously
Just this mortar my rule hot dog and all yeah the sad brocco over it while you're reading it
The study involved over 65-100 men and women who were ages 40 to 45 when they had checkups
Between 1964 and 1973 as part of the exam their belly size was measured by using a caliper
To find the distance between their backs and the surface of their upper abdomens
For the study of distance about ten inches and more was considered high
The researchers check medical records to see who would develop Alzheimer's or another form of dementia dimension by an average of 36 years later at that point
The participants were ages 73 to 87. They're over a thousand cases
Analysis found that compared with people in the study with normal-body weight and low-belly measurement
Participants with normal-body weight and high-belly measurements were 89% more likely to have dementia normal, body weight and high-belly measurements
Overweight people were 82% more likely if they had a low-belly measurement
more than twice as likely if they had a high-belly measurement
Obeeps people were 81% more likely if they had a low-belly measurement more than three times as likely if they had a high measurement a
Big Pupik
Woodward said there's no precise way to translate belly measurements into waist
or comforts, but most people have a sense of whether they have a big belly.
She said, oh believe me.
Believe me, Chris.
I believe it.
And if they do the new study suggests they should get rid of it.
Like, unstrapping a seat belt and by and by the way, it really pisses me off about having
to use my seat belt here.
I hate it.
Even when I'm a passenger.
I hate it.
But here they're really, they're really prosnickety about it here.
So I don't, I doesn't, I doesn't get in there.
And if I do get in there without it, I get screamed out anyway.
I get, yeah.
It's not clear why abdominal fat would promote dementia, but it may pump out substances
that harm the brain, she said.
Dr. Jose Lucca looks in growth.
The Columbia University Medical Center in New York, who studies the connection between
obesity and Alzheimer's disease, but didn't participate in the new work.
Caution that such a study cannot prove abdominal fat promotes dementia.
But the study results are highly plausible and I'm not surprised at all.
He said, high insulin levels might help explain to me.
Dr. Samuel Gandy, who cheers the Medical and Scientific Advisory Council of the Alzheimer's
Association said the results fit in with previous work that indicates a person's characteristics
in the late can affect the risk of dementia later in life.
And it's another example of how traits associated with the risk of developing heart disease
are also linked to later dementia.
So you better cut down on it and lunch today, Mr. Fat Me and find out about myself.
Okay, maybe just talk to the guys.
I will let you sleep and like that.
Maybe just slice the onion and a burger with no bun.
All right.
And some cheese and bacon.
The big goblet's celery.
I do like those endombs.
I know we talk about that at lunch.
It's disgusting.
Don't stop with the food crap again.
Not why you're going to get the dementia.
Dementia.
Oh well, too late.
Yeah, well look who we're working for.
That's right.
We really hope we must be like that.
That's usually what they tell us.
But don't start up now because you're right on the verge of a major deal with them.
Maybe and maybe now who knows who knows what's going to go on.
396 votes.
Oh my god.
If we really push it, we can get to 400 by the bottom of the hour.
And Chris will be jumping around and going to hallway and start screaming in the oven and
whooping it up and making Indian worst worst sounds and like that.
Won't you?
I like that.
Come on Chris, let's hear it.
Sure you're a war cry.
Come on, you can do it.
Wooo!
Good.
Alright.
Excellent.
Good start.
I've gotten the hallway and just do that and just run around a little bit.
And you're underwear.
That's okay.
You'll clear that place out man in two seconds.
At least it'll be clean and like some people.
It's not what George should be when we're about to eat right.
That's not like a shot.
He said the smell of death was limous.
That was yesterday that Zach went to go in there.
Oh my god.
And he walked right back and he's like, what's the matter?
Yeah, I went to go in there.
It was just bad.
I go, oh well, George is in there.
Really?
Hey.
The stench of death.
What can I say?
Permit and the good news is we are streaming and we've been streaming all day long.
Wow.
The biggest name.
The very sad crime.
There's no logic.
You're five.
Is that not easy when you do?
The force leader.
Talk dirty to me.
Hey dude, forget what you see on the news.
Things are great at Taco Belly Egg.
So make a run for the border and taste these great treats.
A taco supreme with green onions only 99 cents.
The burrito with green onions 99 cents.
Excuse me.
Oh and we have nachos with green onions.
Just $1.19.
Oh man.
I have to go.
What other sounds?
One of the rooms.
They make a run for the ****.
You'll keep them diary.
Oh my God.
What were those sounds in there?
Sound like a bunch of raspberries and other fruits.
Right.
When you least expected, I thought we were just talking about big bellies and it was Taco Belly Egg.
I thought it would be great.
We've been to play there at that point.
I wasn't even on these pictures.
I was just suspicious.
What?
I wasn't on any other radio stage.
Well those were like very unacquired.
I was just like a little rascal.
You know, squeezing for good reason, stuff like that.
Oh, I'm going to enjoy this.
It's probably having to have a big lunch right now.
Probably farting all over the place.
No one at the ****.
You know how many votes you got?
By the way, we've got only 24 certificates left for the downtowner.
It's not too bad.
When you agree, we sold 76.
Very good.
It's very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
Very good.
We've sold 77.
WAPS 3.
Wow.
Pretty impressive.
Lots of numbers.
I don't want to disappoint that old fart, that old geese around there.
We got 405 out.
Look at that.
Just past 1230 mark.
Can you already got 405?
And Chris is just, he's out there dancing and prancing.
He's doing the twist in the hallway.
Something like that.
He's twisting it.
Huge dump by far winds.
Heds and shoulders above the rest.
112 say, a huge dump.
Next to sex, that's the best feeling of all.
A real relief.
As your body finally, oh, what a mahaya.
What a soulless bloated and soulless yoymesen.
Right?
I'm sure it will, of course, you do.
Jank you, Gerr writes, the latest Clinton canard.
You know Jank?
Yes.
You know right, no junk, that Jank.
He's on the smarting chin, by the way, for that guy who was giving me a son of an aunt.
And you know that iodine guy, with that fax yesterday, I forget what it was, but it really just pissed me off.
What was it?
I forgot it.
He's doing my nerves.
There's some of these people, you know, just a little bit too pushy.
You know, it's one thing to be supportive.
It's to be a fan, to be a groupie, to be an admirer.
It's another thing to be like over the top.
And some of you people are over the freaking top, like that palm tree jerk.
Get a life.
Oh, you should get in a cab.
It don't even go home.
Yeah.
Go to the rich carl in my ass.
Anyway, Jank says the latest talking point for Swarovic Clinton is this race is still early in the process, and primary is from previous years where it decided much later in the year.
She recently told Time Magazine, as well as every other interviewer she's talked to.
I remind a lot of people that my husband didn't formally wrap up the nomination until June.
The point is supposed to be that this race is over, they're just getting started to give her more time.
Here's the problem.
That isn't really true.
In 1992, the year Bill Clinton won the nomination she's alluding to, the primary started significantly later than they did in 2008.
Iowa was on January 3rd this year, and 1992 was on February 10th.
Remember this year we'd already had Super Tuesday by February 5th.
New Hampshire was on January 8th in 2008, February 18 in 1992.
Super Tuesday was on February 5th this year, March 10th in 1992.
We'd already had the so-called second Super Tuesday in Ohio and Texas by that date in 2008.
Secondly, despite the later start Bill Clinton, and already locked up the nomination by early April after the New York primary.
Hillary Clinton knows this, and that's why she insisted and asserts a lawyerly word into her statement every time, formally.
My husband didn't formally wrap up the nomination until June.
So why does she employ this needless process of office tree? Because she thinks she needs it.
She needs to buy more time. Can't you just see Scotty yelling down the cap and Kirk? I need more time, Kevin. Can you see it?
Heh. That's what he did. Isn't that what he did?
Ah, yeah, yes. So I can't see him yelling down.
The extra time isn't for more elections. There only 10 left. We already had more than the lion share contest.
It's abundantly clear that she can't catch him just based on the remaining elections.
No time buys her something else. The chance for Obama to implode between now and whenever he formally wraps up the nomination.
If it was only a matter of Obama's candidacy, self-destructing, that would be one thing. She could sit back and see if anything changes to the next set of elections.
You can argue that she's earned that. But it's another thing if she's actively trying to push Obama off the cliff for the extra time she's buying, even though she knows there's a great likelihood that he will be the Democratic nominee.
If you don't care about the Democratic Party or who their nominee is, or how they do in the general election, then you have all the right in the world to keep pounding away your opponent.
Who cares how badly you damage him if you're only interested in yourself? Who knows if it might even help your political career later on?
But there's a long group of people who do care Democratic voters. The beginning to understand this race is over, and the cheap shots at this point aren't helping anybody with John McCain.
The problem isn't hitting Obama. The problem is hitting Obama after the bell. The contest is effectively over and Clinton is using her heaviest guns now. Maybe she should have rolled him out earlier.
But I'm leashing her most ferocious lines of attack after the writing is already on the wall seems like poor sportsmanship to say the least.
It reminds me of when I used to watch the WWF as a kid. The good guy would win the match. He'd be strutting around the ring as the crowd cheered, and that's when the bad guy would get up sneak behind him and clobber him in the back of the head.
This was the cue to the audience to guyhood after the bell was clearly the bad guy.
And if they were really a bad guy, they'd use a chair or a horse who can forget the time rowdy, rowdy, pack-for-a-jimmy, super-fly, snook-a-with-the-bilt.
Hillary, you really don't want to be rowdy, rowdy, piper. He was the bad guy or really bad guy. Rowdy, rowdy.
Remember, rowdy, he did.
And you know what he was?
Yeah, he sighed that.
Huge, humongous. He didn't have those silk suits that he used to buy in Thailand.
Yeah. Those loud purples satin zans.
That's correct. You remember that? Yeah, I did.
You know what else he used to buy in Thailand? Well, that's beside the point. That's what Joey Reynolds told me anyway.
Yeah, but it's a leave-out-of-the-you-course-use-to-work-at-wkbw-w-n-vuff-low.
WKBW, back in the day when there were great radio stations on AEM even. How do you like that?
I don't believe that. I don't believe that.
It was just the same thing. I didn't even want to be one of them.
Well, I wouldn't put in the same category, but then again, I wouldn't.
I would. You would? Yeah, I heard this, not that. I grew up listening to this radio station.
Really?
Playing hits. Rick Shaw's spinning the hits.
Are you sucking up to Rick Shaw to invite you to lunch again?
And invite me to lunch again?
I was sucking up again.
I'm holding hands, we're wonderful WQA, in Miami.
Wow. 21.
21-1.
21-1. Certificate Jump Street.
21 bottles of beer on the wall?
21 Jump Street with Johnny Depp. Hey, I sure like to see him naked that day he was there with me at Zeta.
Not now though, he's old and he's old and craggy. How old is he? Like 40 now? Oh my god.
He's young. Yeah.
He still is pretty good. He's a good guy.
Johnny Depp. Although, River Penis died in his club there in Hollywood.
Hollywood, California, about it. River Penis?
Yeah. He's dead.
That goes to show all you punks out there thinking you can do all the drugs in the world.
Well, sometimes somebody's going to die from it, you know?
Not that we're here to be anti-drugs. That would be really very stodgy.
Wouldn't be our style, especially with George.
George never met a drug he didn't like.
That's not true. I don't do any of those needle drugs.
Like I said, I don't crunch them pills like Rush.
He's not popping them oxies like Rush.
I don't smoke crack or meth.
And that's how he got a few pass on that and there are every time he gets in his mouth.
And the mass media, all the same old crap,
Rush, you should vote for Hillary.
And Rush said, who gives a flying crap what he says?
Who gives a crap about Rush?
Lion sack of garbage.
414 votes on Chris' pool.
I think we're going for five today.
What do you say?
Sounds good to me?
We get 500 on the pool that we just started during the show, man.
I guarantee they give Chris a, they'll probably triple your salary.
70% of the best talent in all his new projects.
425.60 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Home invasion.
It's what every family fears.
Protect your loved ones with the most effective home security system available.
Oh my God!
Oh, what was that?
Tango down.
Revee, tango is down.
That wasn't tango, that was my mother.
She didn't have the password, man.
Thanks, black water.
How old?
What?
Black water, home security.
With their exclusive shoot first, ask questions later, tech me.
We'll guarantee your family safety.
What was that?
Mr. Johnson, got a good news, bad news scenario.
Good news, the intruder has been neutralized.
What's the bad news?
We were unable to save the box of thinnets.
Revee, thinnets are collateral.
Black water, home security.
Always ready, never accountable.
1245, QAM.
I mean, we only got 17 left on those certificates.
Honey, like that.
I think that's a fine job, if you ask me.
I mean, I could be wrong about that.
We started at 100.
We sold 83, we got 17 left for the downtown.
Our fabulous food, great steaks, great seafood, great location right on the water.
All your favorite booze, wine, stuff.
Speaking of black water, the reason I played that bit, Iraqi doctors in Al-Anbar province,
one of a new disease, they call black water.
That threatens the lives of thousands.
The disease is named after black water worldwide.
The US mercenary company operating in Iraq.
The disease is a severe form of millerial infection caused by the parasite,
Plasmodium, Falsoparum, which is considered the worst type of millerial infection,
Dr. Ali Hia.
Ali Haki from Fallujah Tool, IPS.
Ali Hakhmurnishkan Cheney.
It is one of the complications of that infection and not the ordinary picture of the disease.
Because of its frequent and I think grafting is the beginning of it.
Because of its frequent and severe complications such as black water,
fever and resistance to treatment, P-Falsoparum can cause death within 24 hours.
What Iraqis now call black water, fever is really a well-known medical condition.
A well that has nothing to do with black water worldwide.
Iraqis in Al-Anbar province have decided to make the connection between the disease
and the lethal US-based company, which has been responsible for the death of countless Iraqis.
The disease is most prevalent in Africa and Asia.
The patient suffers severe intravascular hemolosis.
Hemolosis?
H-E-A-M-O-L-Y-S-I-S.
Holy moly, from hemolosis.
The stress of red blood cells leading to kidney liver failure,
it also leads to black or regularination and hence perhaps the new name, black water.
Remember that bit pay for black water?
We don't have that.
That's right.
Pay for white water.
And now that swimmers run, we ought to play that every now and then.
P-E-F-Y-Y-Y-Y-S-I-S.
The deadly disease never before seen an Iraq on this large scale.
It seems to be spreading across the country and Iraq lacks medicines, hospitals and doctors
lead a campaign to fight the disease.
We inform the Ministry of the disease, but it seems that they're not in a mood to listen to
the doctor from the Al-Anbar Health Office in Romani-toe IPS, speaking of course on condition
of anonymity because they also stay alive.
We're making personal contacts within Geos and attempt to get the necessary medicines, but they don't got them.
The three doctors who spoke to IPS in Fulugi and in Romani-toe in Al-Anbar province at lies west of Baghdad
seem sure that the Iraqi government would do a little to face the plague.
They haven't even made any announcements so people can take precautions
while the doctors from Fulugi told IPS.
The doctor said a patient usually suffers three stages of malaria infection.
First is the cold stage where the patient will have chills and shaking.
The second is the hot stage when fever takes over and the third is the sweating stage.
Doctors in Fulugi say the new complication of the disease that may develop from a
lorry will infection can be treated in its early stages, but is difficult to control when complications develop.
drugs certainly be used to treat the disease are and it's got a bunch of these which I can pronounce.
Health-at-trin, I can pronounce that one, primer-cane, primer-queen.
Patient-seem unaware of the seriousness of the disease though doctors tell them it's essential to my medicines from private pharmacies
because they're not available in general hospitals.
Many have died within the past weeks in my town, Makhmoudna, a serious school teacher from a town north of Fulugi told IPS.
We know it's a deadly disease but what can we do about it?
We have no government to refer to and everybody in the green zone, the government's district of Baghdad,
is too busy preparing to escape with their share of the money they stole from us.
Talat al-Muthar is an Iraqi doctor now studying abroad.
IPS asked him to come in on the black water fever outbreak in Iraq.
Malaria is an endemic in Iraq mainly in northern part however it's prevalent in the milder forms.
This is a very form of been reported by another epidemic level before we said,
Dr. Muthar said this form of malaria requires a triple drug treatment program because it's an aggressive infection.
You said the patient requires meticulous medical nursing care,
might even need time and intensive care unit as it can easily lead to kidney and liver failure.
The disease seems to be too sensitive for journalists to talk about.
There was a great deal of anger when we wrote about cholera in Iraq last summer,
journalists in Fulugi told IPS,
neither the government nor the occupation forces would accept our coverings such a story.
IPS wasn't allowed to take pictures of the Fulugi General Hospital,
but Dr. Muthar refused to disclose how many have been infected or how many may have died.
They're dying over there.
I'm dying over there.
Today everything's coming up roses, the surge is working, everything's out of control.
We're going to win, win, win, win.
We don't know what we're going to win.
That's what McCain and St. McCain and others keep saying,
we're going to be there till we win.
So we win what?
Till these crazy nut bags can't stop killing each other?
What are we going to win?
I don't know.
Money?
The football game?
How are we doing on that thing?
Which one?
Fifteen left.
What do you mean which one?
Well, we've got how many things do we got?
Well, we've got two.
We've got the pole and the...
You've got two things?
You've got fifteen certificates left for downtown or four-large day.
A tin-noorever-drive with fabulous food right on the water, great location, great everything.
Here's TomPayne.com, you heard it?
Do I hear it?
Good.
All right.
Good.
All right.
I'm going to block that.
I'm terrible.
I don't know.
I don't use their stories much anymore.
I don't know why not.
In fact, when you're doing the bedtime stories next time on Mount Vaikation,
you better start scouring hundreds and hundreds of websites.
I want at least five hundred stories on it every night, just to piss off Josh Corris.
And if you don't put him all on there, if he misses even one, his ass is going to be grass.
I'm so scared.
Jesus.
I knew you were there.
It's my second college.
Jesus Christ.
Now what are you doing?
Are you eating free food?
No, I'm just looking at naked women here.
Why?
Well, I knew you weren't doing anything ahead to do with work.
I knew that.
Where's that new job looking at naked women?
That's the ticket, man.
So how did you work out and make out with a thousand dollar check?
It did show up on time, didn't it?
We're feeling old.
On point, man.
On point.
Have you liked that?
I had a blast, man.
Did you like them through for your once?
You did.
And you know, you're so right because there are a lot of sweet men down there in Key West.
If you know what I'm saying, there are a lot of fairies down there.
Oh my god, yes there are.
But I had a great time despite of that because there was a good time with all the phrase.
And Key West.
No, it was spring break.
So I got home.
How many did you do?
I made out with a ton of college girls.
Did you?
A lot of fun.
Not a fun.
I felt like a college kid again.
That takes them back.
Yeah, takes them back a year back.
Put me back in a couple of years.
Yeah, take me way back at least five or six months.
What a pun.
You know, this place wears on your kneel, so.
Oh, I know that.
I know that.
I got away for a weekend and had a great time.
I'm going away for a weekend this weekend.
Yeah, where are you going?
I'm coming on down there, man.
Oh, that's right.
I heard.
I heard.
Good luck with that.
You hate it down here though.
I liked going to the keys.
Why?
Because there are almost fairies there.
No, I know.
Although I've heard of said there's rather fairies in the keys.
You're fairies.
No, it's no secret.
Fifteen votes.
Fifteen of things left on the other thing.
We have fifteen things left on your thing.
So do you lay down there or what?
I'm going to have women listening that I know.
Oh, come on.
Stop this.
No, you know what?
I'll listen.
I'm going to have a lot of fun.
You're like a...
I don't hold back.
No, honestly, I did not get laid.
I did do a little funny business though.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
You got the job done.
I've been doing it lately.
Like I pretty much...
How do they say...
I got a couple of bases.
Heavy pet.
Yeah, I just didn't...
What do the heavy pettings do?
And of course he got a lot of...
A lot of blues.
Oh yeah.
That's what it's all about down there.
What did you do with that thousand bucks?
You blew it all ready?
No, no, I didn't.
I think I blew...
Probably about 800 of it there.
The other 200...
Wow.
I'll try to have a good late cheaper than that young man.
No, that was all for me though.
Oh, okay.
I don't pay for bitches.
Oh, fuck it!
Not my style.
I'm not a...
I'm not a senator.
See you, Neil.
I'm outta here.
Bye, Josh.
You done.
We'll see you next week, by the way.
George's on vacation next week.
Is he going to be working with us next week?
Monday Friday.
He better be.
After I got him laid down there, close to laid.
I got him for laid.
15 certificates left for the downtown or for a loader.
That's a shame if we don't sell them all out.
It's less than an hour now though.
And we started with 100.
And Chris is always going, oh, but when you got 100, it takes longer.
You just don't realize, you know?
Exactly.
So I'm patient.
I am impatient.
That whole business about being patient.
I don't like standing online.
I don't...
I just have no patience.
It's not my bag, man.
It's not my style.
I don't like it.
I start like...
I start in fact like at the bank.
Here...
The bank here is the...
I don't want to say which one it is.
You can't complain about their service because they don't give you any.
And every transaction is like a major...
And the one thing that pisses me off about here is that they pay their bills at the bank.
Now, did you ever hear such a thing?
Never in my life.
Well, they do it in Canada.
You can go pay your electric bill, your phone bill, your...
Whatever.
Whatever bills you got, you can pay them at the bank.
And so if they're like four people standing in front of you,
you better have like three, four hours, man.
Every transaction is like...
And so what I do is while I'm standing there online, I kind of like...
Lean from one foot back on the...
But it's kind of like I had to do another Saturday night deal, you know?
Like I was...
What, which I don't?
At the bank.
I sure hope I don't drop a load at the bank.
That would be bad.
Maybe money, but not that.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
I don't have any patience for that.
I mean, and I'm standing there thinking, geez, why...
Why is every transaction here like a major...
You think that the whole...
The whole North American economy was being decided there.
Maybe it is.
Jesus.
Okay.
Enjoy your new baby.
Just make you deposit or take out your 25 bucks and move on, eh?
So I can make my deposit here or whatever I'm going to do.
Usually I make a cash deposit in there.
Because if you deposit a cash in the ATM, they hold it for five days.
Do you ever hear such a thing?
No.
This is what banks do.
You know what banks do?
They do whatever they want to do.
That's right.
Oh, well, your check is out of the state or out of the country guy for a bit.
We're going to hold it for seven years, you know?
Well, whatever, they just make it up.
And of course, they declare it the next day.
They got your money.
And they're doing whatever they want to do with your money.
And the meantime, you want it?
Oh, no, we can't do that.
We're not going to give you your money.
We'll give it to you when we're good and ready.
When we've squeezed a little something extra, a little blood nut for us.
Generally speaking, banks suck.
Am I right?
No argument here.
432 votes.
You need just 68 and hour and five minutes.
We can do that.
We can do that.
So we're doing swimmingly well on this pool.
It's a good pool.
And I believe we still got 15 certificates left.
11.
11.
11.
We got over an hour to get rid of those last 11.
And we can do that.
Man, if Chris really leans on it.
You'll feel the biggest need.
You smell the best out of it.
He's real Roger.
It's 435.
60 QAM.
May.
For its leader.
This is on it.
This is not a tumor.
It's the ones that two hour.
What happened though?
That was supposed to be the hippest, most with it hottest.
Never opened it.
Keep the odds.
It's dazzled with his more babbling and his stats.
I'm a little bit of a train wreck.
Was it a train wreck?
Reck.
Reck.
You okay?
Okay.
No.
Got hit by a train.
Don't leave me now, Tweed.
I need a little bit of dating advice.
Advice.
You guys who could grow the dinner last night?
I mean, a real one.
Didn't work out so good.
So good.
Why?
Well, I was, I did most of the talking.
You know how passionate I am about the heaps.
Hoops.
Hoops.
And heaps.
I guess it's my homosexual attraction to men's basketball.
Well, she threw a rapal teeny of my face and walked out.
Tweed.
Tweed.
Well, he's a little bit dead.
To the law.
You know what, it reminds me of the time.
You Dennis pulled out a hambo.
He sat there.
Here's welling up in his eye, but like the old Indian.
I had two shedits here.
That's sparkled like a rainbow on the cheek of a sad child on a rainy day.
Chattles of despair hung up the arena.
As you Dennis nursed the pain of a bold hambo.
It just take full a hambo and I cry.
I love men.
I'll consummate.
And that's why ladies and gentlemen, nothing matters more in my life than being a vacuous, self-interested, almost actuals bore hole.
I'll jump to Yogi Yogi.
It's a 101.
You'll hear more of that at 2-7 with the jerk show and speed of the heat.
Did they loosen over time last night to the next?
That is correct.
Or did I just read that?
Maybe I just had a dream.
Maybe they actually won another game last night.
Are you dreaming about the heat now?
No.
I sure hope not.
Maybe I'm dreaming about it.
He had a big controversy there with him.
He said this and they said that and blah, blah, blah.
And he still lost anyway.
He was talking smack.
He was talking smack and they smacked him back in a big head.
We're going to smack you in the head.
And he don't care.
Because he's got something up his icy sleeve, man.
He's got something all ready for them, up his sleeve.
We got nine left and it's all we got.
Man, we are kicking ass on that.
Yeah, this is pretty good.
When you agree?
I do.
When we're digging, we're not bleeding or not cushioning.
We're not screaming.
Of course, Chris ought to be.
Why is that?
Especially if you're trying to scream and you're looking for your job.
What do you have there?
I think he had a pretty good time down there.
I'm the keys with all of them.
Screamers.
Are you sure?
Fine.
Six left.
That's all we got is six.
Okay.
Well, you people that kind of sit back and wait to see.
Check out the lay of the land.
You better hop on there if you want to be a downtowner certificate.
Because they're only six left.
And let's begin.
Once again, they're going.
And that's on wqm.com, which by the way, the link on the left, the big one isn't working right now.
I just checked that out.
Okay.
What do you know what I mean?
I do.
The link on the word says the Joe Rocho.
I don't know why the Joe Rocho was on there now anyway, because he's not on the air now.
Why is that like that?
Why is that like that, Cortis?
Whoever's on the air now is what it should say.
Right?
On the left or the right?
On the left.
In the upper left hand corner, whoever is on the air, that's the picture there.
I was always the guy who's on the Joe Rocho ain't on it.
He was on the day 30 this morning anyway.
He's doing his duty and jury, man.
The Joe Rocho might ask.
And if you click on open now, it doesn't go anywhere.
So you have to go in the right hand column and way down there.
Two below where the Heineken just click on there and it'll go ahead and take it to it.
See what I go to the front page that has Roger Show on there right now.
Really?
See.
Well, let me go to it.
Let me do something else.
79.com.
Did he or Roger Show?
Now that must have been...
I don't get it.
That must have been Oldie Mollie.
How did that happen?
I think Cortis is back there fiddling with it.
And the site too.
He's fiddling with it.
Was your internet on Mexican time or something?
Yeah, I'm on Mexican time.
They laid in a dollar short.
And now I'm clicking on that banner on the right.
That doesn't do anything.
So I can't get to it.
Are you getting to it?
Yep, I already have it up the whole time.
And how many we got at six?
Yep.
Well, that's pretty good.
I'm telling you, we would be so proud.
We would be so pleased.
These are only $50 certificates for $25 bucks.
So even with the hard times down here, everybody unemployed.
And nobody's got two nickels to rub together.
I guarantee you, man, it would be a real feather in our cafe here.
We're all 100.
Show nooth.
Don't you think?
Even George is impressed.
I know.
George, he's in my heart out.
I'm so indifferent.
We're all hearted.
That's right.
I don't care about alcohol.
I don't care about your damn restaurant.
Well, these people are good.
I think I'm gonna take a good good.
They took good care of you.
They took good care of you.
They had a good sense of humor.
Although, I raised his eyebrows when I mentioned the famous kosher, Deli.
That's right.
What is he, a goiish?
Why do you raise his eyebrows?
I mean, am I not a tourist?
Oh, we were all joking around with each other over here.
No, you weren't.
Yes, we were.
No, you weren't.
Whatever you say.
We're telling him all of a series.
He's not taking care of you.
Whatever you say.
He's promoting some juice.
Makes something else up.
That's what you said.
Yeah.
I can't get on our thing.
I'm having trouble reloading it for what it's worth.
That's what I mean.
I can't get on it.
Can you?
Maybe we broke it.
Maybe they broke it.
No, I hit reload.
It's just loading and loading.
Right.
What's going on with that?
I don't know.
Okay, I can get out of the QM.com.
And now, if you click the one under where it says the near-right or the show where it says
open now with my ugly face, that does nothing.
But that's not unusual.
The benefit of you going to the banner one, which has been working all day, it's just
searching.
It's just going around and around.
It's not coming up.
I think you broke it.
Yeah, I broke it.
That's right.
I asked it up.
Uh-huh.
Cars that pollute the least.
I wonder which cars they are.
I bet you're not in, oh my god, the Ford Mustang.
What's happening with that website?
And what's that sound I'm hearing?
It's just an aboriginal unit.
Blow through a wine bottle.
Nice enough they brought some Pinot Noir.
Several sports cars also made the luxury vehicle list, including the Porsche Boxster, the
Cayman, the BMW Z4, and the Infinity G37 Coop.
What comes out of a car's tailpipe is this is important is what goes in the fuel tank.
I tell you what comes out of my tailpipe.
And sometimes when you least exposed, you'll at least want it.
Well, beside that, maybe a little more rock solid.
See what that can do.
That hotel and see if they found your.
What's the story?
I don't want to get into it.
So what's the story about our QM.com now?
What are we going to do about this?
I guess I'll have to get Josh in here and see what's up.
I mean, we're all having the same problem, right?
Yeah.
QM.com.
Come right.
No problem.
I click on open.
I think it's being overloaded.
I think we're crashing.
It's been overloaded my ass.
Yeah, I'm sure that has been too.
Oh, there it is.
Came up.
Six.
Six left.
It's no change.
So there's something somebody was dealing with it.
We still got six left.
OK, at least we know what's going on.
A lot of pressure.
I mean, we give a lot of numbers when we mail it in.
But at least let's give the right numbers, right?
That's what the right brothers say.
Don't forget to go see George Semauk Gulf Stream 10-2.
Given some tips, then anybody ever come up there and say,
I think the three horse looks good in the first grade or something?
One guy who wants to bought me a ticket,
like he just laid the ticket on me.
Yeah.
And the horse did not win.
Correct.
That was fine.
Well, what you should do is get like, if it's an eight horse race,
have every get eight different people having each $5-2 ticket to win on each horse in a race.
Oh, for me!
That's right.
Then you got the winner.
Sure.
If you didn't cost you a dime, then of course the favor will come in at two to five and pay two a.
What a great scale.
You're being planned.
You gave me a cent.
It used to be a guy who'd have to track the other scan going.
They would walk around and say the strangers.
I know who the winner is in this race.
If you give me two bucks, I'll tell you who it is.
And they would find eight different people or nine.
However many horses were in the race.
And they'd bet two bucks to win on each horse, you know, with somebody else's money.
And then they'd have the winner and hope for a long shot.
Yeah.
Like I said, with your luck, it'll be like a two forty, two ten, one to nine shot.
But hey, it's more than you came in with.
Sean, do we high school and Brooklyn lock down?
Here we go again, crazy people with guns and bombs.
Who knows what?
On this school lock down in New York City is more details become available.
Okay, thank you so much.
Still have those last six boy.
They're hard to get rid of those last six.
I don't know why.
Why do you think?
Probably the website.
That's right.
The website was all screwed up.
That's a good excuse.
People couldn't get on there.
Now they can get on there.
If you act fast, because once they're again, they're again.
Fuel economy gets lots of play because of rising fuel costs.
But exhaust emissions from motor vehicles have a huge impact on the plant.
And people's earth and all those melting ice caps, by the way, that we're going to drown from.
Especially in Florida.
Internal combustion engines emit a host of harmful gases as a result of burning fossil fuels like gasoline, diesel, and ethanol.
These highly toxic, smog-forming emissions include carbon monoxide from Albohyd,
other particularly matter that create the dark smoke seen building from diesel trucks and the grey haze hang you over large cities like L.A.
The grey haze.
In addition to those pollutants, which are harmful to human health vehicles also emit with the U.S. Environmental Production Agency calls greenhouse gases with CO2 being the main offender.
Motor vehicles are a large source of CO2 emissions accounting for 51% of total emissions according to the EPA,
burning one gallon of gas amidst 20 pounds of CO2.
So I hear from Yahoo.
This is from Forbes Magazine, Forbes Autos.
They have a several list of luxury and non-luxury vehicles that emit the fewest pollutants according to the EPA.
You ready?
I'm ready.
Hybrid's farewell in both rankings.
Three Lexus hybrids topped the list of luxury vehicles that pollute the least.
Three.
Three left?
Yep.
Wow.
We're going to do it.
We're going to sell all 100 days.
How do you like that, Tutsi?
Tutsi.
Tutsi.
Yeah, Tutsi.
Rudy, Kazoo-Ti.
Rudy, Kazoo-Ti.
Anyway, at least 1049 people think it's worth it to sell it extra green to get a greener car.
That's how many affluent motor were took to the library of the $104,000 excess LS600H LS today and in 2007.
This model is the most expensive hybrid available, ranks third on our list of the 10 least polluting luxury vehicles behind two other hybrid Lexus models,
the GS450H and the RX400H.
The SUVs grab second and first place respectively.
The large and ostentatious Lexus LS600HL with its potent V8 engine-elect, electric motor powertrain certainly isn't a poster child-freeco friendliness,
especially considering that it averages only two miles a gallon better than the conventionally powered LS460,
which gets an estimated 19 miles a gallon overall, which isn't very good when you come right down to it.
None of the competing sedans from other luxury automakers are currently offered as hybrids, but that's about to change.
All the BMW Cadillac Lexus Mercedes-Benz and Porsche have all announced plans to unveil hybrid some as soon as 2009.
One.
We got one left.
I'll buy it.
There's nobody buys it.
They will know that there's only one left for the downtown or you better hop on here and grab it.
Because once it's gone, baby, it's gone.
After the hybrids, cars with four and five cylinder engines come next on the list of luxury vehicles that pollute the lease,
cars like the Audi, TT and fourth place, Volvo S40, Tide for seven and BMW 128, I-Tide for eight, also made the cut.
Surprisingly, several sports cars, which send a favorite performance over efficiency made the luxury vehicle list,
the Porsche Boxer and Cayman in seven place, the BMW Z4 3.0S, which Tide for eight, and the Infiniti G37 Coop in 10th.
In the non-luxury vehicles, small hybrid cars like Toyota Prius and Honda Civic Hybrid rated the highest on non-luxury list,
but if you hybrid SUVs like the Ford Escape Hybrid, which Tide for fourth, and Toyota Highlander Hybrid in fifth also placed well.
Unofficially sold out.
Unofficially sold out.
Oh my God.
What a job you didn't spread the fact that you promoted that damn deli.
Amazing.
Many of the lowest emission versions of some models aren't available in all 50 states.
Some especially certified super low emissions or partial zero emission vehicles, which are rated at 9 and 9.5 on near pollution scale respectively,
are up to only in California and handful of other states that adhere to California stricter air pollution standards.
They include Arizona, Connecticut, Florida, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, Oregon, Pennsylvania,
Rhode Island, Vermont, and Washington.
And it goes on, it gets very complicated, but it'd be pretty boot put about well.
I don't see my Pontiac solstice on here.
I'm actually getting used to that little little thing, isn't it?
They're cute. I see them all the time now.
They do look good. Oh, there's no question about that.
The only thing is there, I don't know whether it's just me, because I haven't driven 50 years.
I'm a pretty good driver, but parking it, I find I'm parking caca a lot of times.
I'll get out and I realize I'm parked like on an angle.
Yeah.
You know what I mean by that?
Well, I wonder why that is.
I don't know.
Maybe just out of practice.
Maybe because you know, you're not going to be straight.
Ooh.
Mark it down.
We're sold out right officially. That's what the user said.
But I just want to see it with my own two eyes.
I see them.
Oh, we got one back.
We got one back.
Okay, there's still one there, grab it, because once it's gone.
The biggest name.
The best one.
Let's keep going.
The shooter project is done.
Me.
Forks, leader.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, brin.
Bam, bam, bam, bam, brin.
Hold on.
I never know what I heard over this.
I'll have five pizza burger combos with a super sized diacol,
and fries, a new contract with a two-year extension,
and a dozen Zeppelys.
And a oily paper bag of griveness, a gallon of pistachio, mit ice cream, industrial
size box of corn flakes, a one-month membership, the blue boy online, and a quarter-some young
guy.
Yeah, a crugal sandwich on Pomparnico, line-flavored, grisco fluffy, a box of tripe tenders,
ten nearly burgers, a bromo-self-ser, and a pocket full of miracles.
For now, yeah.
If anyone's nearly, you still have, with the contact negotiation, the other way, I should
bring your attention to you.
Hey, in one minute, Neil, hold on a second.
Excuse me, you said, Trace, I said, Trace, not Trace, Trace, Tender.
Oh, I think you still have the free baseball cards as a family league.
Okay.
One 18 to 560 W. K. M.
So now we're stuck on five of them.
They are certificates for the downtown, but you know something that's where it goes.
Right.
There are five of them sitting there.
If you want them, you've got them 25 bucks.
Well, these are the folks.
Yeah, they're there, slow folks.
Well, they thought they were sold out twice.
We had a false alarm on there.
And like I said, chicken neck is trying to use the SNH green stamps.
He's got about 85 books in.
Wow, it's a lot.
Remember when you used to like lick those things and paste them in the books that you probably
didn't.
I might have to bring someone from the grocery store and I used to be one of my, huh?
It's something to do, you know.
Mm-hmm.
Why are you sitting around picking, you know, is you like, you know, you lick the damn green
stamps and you fill up the books for mom and then she would go to the store.
I don't remember what she ever got.
I think once you got an iron.
Yeah, remember what you got that clock that you put on.
Remember I told you that day that the, yeah, the kitchen wall was running backward.
That's right.
Remember I told you that story.
It's a true story and we both started laughing so hard that I just about peed in my pants.
Four now, we're down to four.
Okay, well, we'll get them.
We'll move them.
We'll move them just like our balls, man.
Sooner or later, we'll move them.
Unlike that stew gots, man.
I got, oh my God.
They got stuff from before, before what's his name was a baby, Dan LeBaster.
Sid Rosencrantz by the way, the room where I'm starting today, he's going to hop in
his vehicle and head right back up to New York and barging and unannounced on the IMA show.
Maybe he just barges way back in there, you think?
He's kind of a pushing New York kind of guy, man.
Maybe he'll do that after those, oh, I never did Google the Arbitron thing to see when
the next phase, I'll take him, well, it's just as well, I guess.
I'll do it during the break.
We're not.
Although first we've got to sell out those four certificates or it's going to be pretty
disappointing in it.
I don't think so.
I think we did pretty good.
No, we'll do it.
Crystal, let me know, I'm going back to the pool.
I'll let you know.
We've got so many numbers, we've got, we've got to have a whole bunch of different people
to handle all the numbers.
And you will do your 500 during the show on his new pool today, then we've put up at about
10105, 1010, 1010 wins New York, 468.
468 is really great.
You've got 40 minutes to get 32 votes.
Oh, there's swillery on CNN.
But a beep, but a beep, but a beep, but a beep.
Every dollar gets expected, I'd say, yeah, all she wants to do is change the rules.
Okay, she can't take the will of the people.
She can't stand it.
Okay, don't do it fair and square.
Do it unfair and unsquare.
Bitch, boy, she pisses me off.
This whole clintonese thing and then Carville coming up with that crap about, wow, Bill
Richardson is like a Jew.
Oh, my God.
I mean, is this an election?
Is this like a child's game, like a bunch of children in the sand bodice?
It never falls down to?
Huh?
It's a slot fight.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
Maybe a slap feels good, you know?
Why sure, hope he's not on against this today.
That would be really devastating if the oldie was on.
How can we compete with that?
Whatever that is.
Remember the thing?
Uh-huh.
For the oldies, kind of like a thing.
Aside from sex, what feels best?
Huge dump, hunger 38.
Speaking of guilty.
Back, Messiah 73, going back to sleep 46, jumping into water on a hot day 27.
Showering off after hard work 23.
I think a hot shower any time to be honest with you.
I love a hot shower.
Oh yeah.
Don't you?
So why does it say after hard work?
I don't do any hard work.
That's that true.
I even don't even do any soft work.
Good workout 23, clean sheets 22, foot massage 22, scratching an itch 19, jacuzzi 18, scalp
massage 13, sinus is finally draining.
12.
Cracking the back or neck 10.
Ear's popping open 7.
Carra practice adjustment 6.
Can't fire out a cold night with weenies and de marshmallows.
I like them both.
6.
Sauna 2 and acupuncture about 473 post acupuncture is going very well.
It's got none.
Zero.
Oh, there's that me as such.
Chelsea against Chelsea Clinton gave him this.
I mean, there's nothing wrong with being ugly.
Believe me, I know all about it.
But when you got your way to make yourself extra ugly like she does, I don't understand
it.
Her hair cut, her hair isn't, it's like all uneven.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, that's a style now.
I don't like it.
That's a style bigot.
I ain't down with it.
Oh my God.
She looks homeless to be honest with him.
Maybe she is.
She looks like homeless to me.
She's like, in front of the Schneider's man, she's like a half a step away from Sophia
Coppola.
She's in that same category.
Meas.
What is Evan's strain?
It's a question that needs to be answered, especially when we raise the question about
Monica.
And we know that Evan, by the way, is really screaming and screamer.
Prime Minister A. Hood, Omar, vowed on yesterday's another crazy person that Israel would
press on with settlement building on Ikebide, Palestine, and land.
Despite international calls for a halt to the activity, he said, we don't want to.
We don't want to.
And I mean, we're the foreign press in Jerusalem, Omar.
Also, say, he expected to reach only the framework of a peace deal with the Palestinians this
year and warn of painful action against Hamas to halt militants and thanks for the Islamist
controlled Gaza Strip.
Israel settlement activity is one of the major reasons why Israeli-Palestinian peace talks
had made little progress since they were renewed to the US conference in late November.
But Omar said there would be additional building as part of reality of life.
And this fact was well explained to everybody involved.
You hear the sirens again, man?
They're wild.
Whoa.
Yeah.
You hear them?
I heard them.
They got them on extra, extra slow cook.
High voltage, baby.
They're cranking it.
Israel's staunch ally Washington, along with other nations, diverged the government to
be framed from settlement construction in the Ikebide West Bank and annexed these two
Muslim-Ukish peace talks a chance.
Give peace a chance.
There's a way.
No way.
Omar also played on the chances of a conference at peace deal in 2008.
What we are trying to do is achieve a very accurate outline and definition of all basic
parameters of a two-state solution.
Washington said, I think that the understanding about basic parameters that will define accurately
the outline of a two-state solution, such an understanding can be reached within the
current presidency, he said.
Got a beat, but a book put about.
A negotiations have made little progress.
For both sides are accusing the other of neglecting their basic obligations.
And one factor that could hamper any peace deal is Hamas, which violently routed forces loyal
to Abbas from Gaza in June after Uka Farocha's street battles.
We're not going to speak to Hamas.
We're going to fight Hamas.
There could be no compromise on this, Omar.
It's said hours after Gaza militants fired nine rockets against southern Israel.
The Arabs and the Jews, the Jews and the Arab, they're pissed off, they're killing each
other, never going to change.
They don't like each other.
They're like oil and water.
They're like vinegar and douche.
How are we doing on that thing?
Still got four?
Yes.
Oh my God.
We got only 35 minutes and we still got four of those to go.
But I bet you, even if we don't sell them out by two o'clock when we sit our other
answers down here tomorrow morning, Georgia will be sitting as if we ask out a Gulf Stream.
When we sit out of our morning, they'll be gone.
That's right.
You think?
They'll be gone before the end of the show.
And if they're not, I'm leaving the noon tomorrow.
I'm going to need a biggest name beyond that.
Matthew Mark, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Corinthians, Galatians, Ephesians,
Philippians, Colossians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Timothy, Timothy, Hades, Philharmon,
Peter, Peter, John, John, John, John, Jude and Revelation.
Matthew Mark, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Corinthians, Galatians, Ephesians,
Philippians, Colossians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Timothy, Timothy, Hades, Philharmon,
Peter, Peter, John, John, John, Jude and Revelation.
Matthew Mark, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Ephesians, Corinthians,
Galatians, Ephesians, Philippians, Colossians, Thessalonians, Thessalonians, Timothy, Timothy,
Hades, Philharmon, Peter, John, John, Jude and Revelation.
Matthew Mark, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew Mark, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew Mark, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew,
Hades, Philharmon, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew,
Hades, Philharmon, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew,
Hades, Philharmon, Matthew, Hades, Philharmon,
Matthew, Luke and John, accent, Romans and Corinthians, Matthew,
brothers and sisters, we send youaving,
Nerliga scripture, we give you the word,
we are all happy, we give you the good news,
dough, we give it in real life,
we love your Lord we love your Lord come,
suggestions for how to make it stop all the way to the world
out of making the swallowing Clinton go away.
The most entertaining by far is the call for Howard Dean to lay down the law.
Stop the bloodshed Howard.
The governor of Tennessee announced that as party chairman, Dean needs to stop
step up and bring some closure.
Truly anybody who believes that Howard Dean can make swallowing Clinton do anything
she doesn't want to do is living in fantasy land.
Who do they think she is the Clinton campaign?
Not her. Some girl who give away the guy can get what he wants.
No, not the Trump campaign very well.
Come on, Gail, you can do better than that.
Like the chic.
Anyway, Clinton argued sitting back stage in an event filled off.
You're fighting a crop.
The voters don't want it to be over.
At her church any Easter Sunday, she said people kept coming up and begging
her to keep going.
We have people who deserve to have their voices heard, she said.
The church part is undoubtedly true.
There were a few instances in American history where presidential candidates
have been begged by their fellow parishioners to pack their
racket in and go home.
And there are plenty of other people who would mind letting this go on for
while longer just to see how Obama fears those Midwestern states that have
seemed immune to his charms lately.
Right now he's ahead by almost every conceivable count.
The super delegates who almost surely will have to decide the nomination have been
around the political block of time or two.
They don't know what a mess they'd create if they seem to be ignoring the popular
will.
But the idea that Clinton would quit if this juncture goes contrary to every single
thing we've learned about her over the past 17 years, she may irritate people, she
may lose the health care initiative, she may even imagine that she was
under fire in Bosnia when in fact she was standing on the term act accepting
flowers from a little blonde girl, but she never gives up.
The one unassailable fact about Hillary Clinton is not that she'd make the best
decision when the phone rings at three in the morning in the White House,
it's that if the phone rang at the same time that her polls were at 12%
and her attorney general was under a diamond in the economy was in the tank
and California had just broken off and fallen into the sea, she would still pick
up the receiver.
There isn't a right or wrong to this argument, only strategy.
Obama didn't overexert himself to help find a way to let Michigan
and Florida be vote because it wasn't his advantage.
While ending the negativity would be nice, the Obamaites would mainly like to
call a halt because they don't want to risk something weird and undesirable
happening.
Hillary plans to continue in the hope that the weird and undesirable will happen.
I wouldn't be doing this if I didn't think number one that I'd be a better
president, number two that I would be a better candidate to be John McAngie's
head, I believe that with all my heart.
Now he may equally believe it, but I'm not about to walk out of these upcoming
contests, she'd be saying.
I say her strategic desire to keep fighting Trump's strategic desire to put the lid
on it.
Even though there's really something very upsetting about a struggle that goes on and
on without resolution, I know this because with one phone call to a while
I managed to find three people who are still haunted by Uncle Al's race.
As we all know, three people constituted trend.
I used to dream that my family was sucked into the TV one by one, said Catherine
tape or words of that brother.
They had to run in circles around our basement stairs and I was responsible for
getting them out, but I couldn't do it.
Maybe there should be a support group my sister-in-law said, maybe how are
Dean would like to join him.
Remember how he Dean?
Sure.
How we forget about it.
But that was quick.
Even I
I'm sure it is.
So we still got those three left on the certificate.
So that's a bummer.
One.
Are we down to one?
Oh, we got soulmate.
They will know.
Wow.
Now sure that's not Boca Brian again trying to buy with a damn Zeyer's card.
With his triple A card.
We got one left.
Well, that we got 24 minutes to do that.
Now, remember people were like not people, but like one at one
fact saying, oh, front line's going to be on the PBS Monday and Tuesday.
That's going to be really great.
They're going to, yeah, right.
Frontline is never great because they're melee mouth.
Just like this article by Rayma governs, says, it's long.
It's way too long for me to read.
I just read some of it.
OK.
Frontline's Bush Bush's war on PBS Monday and Tuesday.
It was a nice day put together rehash of the top players trickery that led
to the attack on Iraq together with the power grabbing, backstabbing, and
limitless incompetence of the occupation.
Except for an inside the beltway tidbit here and there, for example, about how
the pitiful Secretary of State Colin Powell had to suffer so many
indignities at the hands of other type A hard charges.
Frontline added little to the discussion.
Notably missing was any illusion of the unconscionable role the
Fourth of State adopted as indiscriminate cheerleader for the home team.
Nor was there any mention that the invasion was a serious violation of
international law, but those emissions I suppose should have come as no
surprise.
Nor was it a surprise that any of you were hoping for insight into why
Cheney and Bush were so eager to attack Iraq was left with very thin
gruel.
There was more infotainment.
Be rep to the substantive discussion of the wise and wear force of what in
my view is the most disastrous foreign policy move in our nation's history.
Despite recent acknowledgments from the likes of Alan Green Span general
John Abysade and others that oil and permanent or if you prefer enduring
military bases were among the main objectives, Frontline avoided any real
discussion of such delicate factors.
Somebody not already aware of how our media has become a tool of the Bush
administration might have been shocked at how Frontline could have missed
when a president Bush is most telling signing statements.
Underneath the recent Defense Authorization Act he wrote that he did not
feel bound by the laws explicit prohibition against using the funding,
one to establish any military installation or base for the purpose of
providing for the permanent station of US Armed Forces in Iraq or two to
exercise US control of the oil resources of Iraq.
So the Frontline show was largely PAP.
PAP.
Maybe we need maybe the people of PBS need a PAP smear you think?
Oh, I knew you were to say that.
Yeah, I bet you did.
And of course, I want to create a link.
It's on our website Frontline two tin and two little two like that's why
I don't watch Frontline.
Now if you watch the what is that thing called on CBC?
That's really always excellent.
On the station.
Okay.
Yeah, the station is fly.
Very good.
I'm not going to remember that.
You better not know they really are they don't pull any punches.
No.
Oh, look at that.
We're sold out for the third time.
Do you think this one?
Let's wait for that official sign to go up on the toad board.
The biggest name.
Zongoletson out.
Frosty Nads.
I've been a meaningless cargo cargo Minnesota Buffalo Toronto
Wednesday.
So the winter dogs are on the whole of the pan the pan of a battle a lot of them.
We're going to South Carolina and Oklahoma and Arizona.
I'm going to go and Texas and New York.
I'm in three women.
I'm in three women.
We're going to California and New York.
We're going to South Dakota and Oregon.
I'm in my team.
I'm in three women.
I'm going to get back to Iowa.
To the boss polls you also 30 good and Irhus
horrible the California and Texas.
Typically color players have glad block Roblin.
We're going, we're going to North Dakota in Michigan.
And limit pressing greater than these things.
It's failing likeatch.
Shawler has been there the way.
I've been everywhere.
And when we're going to watch
a TV series a take back our White House.
ída.
1.416 till a jerks time and 2.5 mad dog at 4 this afternoon.
I don't forget DAO from 9 to midnight.
Another split shift.
I guess Joe is coming back from jury duty tomorrow.
No, no DA today, isn't it?
There's no DAO tonight?
Don't we have the other dog party?
I thought we got the NCAA basketball.
I already threw away the schedule.
I schmook him.
Oops!
Sorry, give me a college hoops today.
Sorry!
So, and now is that official?
Did we sold out or what?
I'm still waiting for it to become official.
How do you know?
Because it'll move into the past deals instead of the current deals.
Oh my gosh!
Oh, we got one back.
We got one back?
How about the teasers?
Oh my god, wait.
Oh, chicken, I quit.
You stop it.
He's using his old, instantly lumber credit card.
Stop it.
So there's one more on there for the downtown.
Boy, this is as fast as the way it's going.
I mean, it's not like we had a whole bunch come back,
but we just can't seem to quite close the deal.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Kind of like Norma can't.
We can't seem to close any deal.
Gareth, a porter in the Enterprise Service writes,
Sodder Offensive shows failure of Patreous Strategy.
It's too long.
I'll just be part of it.
We've got a lot of long stories here.
Too bad we don't have a 20 or 30 hour show.
And I could collapse.
The escalation of fighting between
off the Army militiamen and their Shiite rebels,
which could mark the end of Mokkata,
Al Sodder, Self-Imposed East Fire,
also exposes General David Patreous Strategy
for controlling Sodder's forces as a failure.
Patreous reacted immediately to Sunday's rocket attacks on the green zone
by blending them on Iran.
He told the BBC that rockets were Iranian-provided,
Iranian-made rockets,
and that they were launched by groups that were funded
and trained by the coups force of his
Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Score, the IRGC.
Patreous said this was in complete violation of promises
made by President Machuod Ahmed Inajad
and most other senior Iranian leaders
to their Iraqi counterparts.
Patreous's statement was thoroughly intended
that it heard a tension from a development
that threatens one of the two main pillars
of the administration's claim of progress in Iraq.
The willingness of Sodder to restrain the Mokkata Army,
even in the face of systematic raids on its leadership,
by the U.S. military and its Iraqi allies.
The rocket attacks had appeared to have been one
of several actions by the Mokkata Army to warn the U.S.
and the Iraqi government to halt their systematic raids
aimed at dragging the Sadruss out of key Shiite centers
in the south.
They were followed almost immediately
by Mokkata Army clashes with rival Shiite militiamen
in Basra, Sodder City, and Koot,
and called for nationwide General Strike
to demand a release of Sodder's detainees.
Even more pointed was a strong warning from Sodder,
aid Abdul Hadi al-Muhammad Dui Dawi
to the U.S. as well as to the...
That's his name, Muhammad Dawi.
To the U.S. as well as to the Islamist Supreme Court of Iraq,
whose bottom organization militiamen
in the uniforms of Iraqi security forces
have targeted the Mokkata Army throughout the south.
They most seem to realize that the Sodder's trend
is like a volcano.
He told worshipers Friday in Kufa
if it explodes it will crush their rotten heads.
Wow!
The signs that the Mokkata Army will no longer remain
past the mark of major defeat for the U.S. military command
strategy aimed at weakening the Mokkata Army.
When he took command in Iraq in early 2007,
Petraeus recognized that the U.S. occupation forces
couldn't afford a wage of full-fledged campaign
against the Mokkata Army as a whole,
instead it adopted a strategy dividing the Satteras movement.
Petraeus and the ground commander
in the Raqqluthenig General Odee Erno
hoped there were leaders in the Satteras movement
who would be willing to give up further military resistance
and accept the U.S. occupation in the existing government.
But the moderate Satteras to be willing to make a deal
with U.S. never materialized.
Last July U.S. commander in Baghdad claimed that Satteras
representatives had initiated direct talks,
indirect talks with U.S. military,
but in January Odee Erno would say only they had been
meeting with local leaders in Satteran city,
not with representatives of the Satteras movement.
To make a long story short, it's all fallen apart
and the religious nut they're going nuts again.
What a surprise!
We're going to put democracy in place
where they're like living in a stone age.
How about the cavemen?
You're like the pissed off caveman?
Yeah, I would buy them.
Maybe he likes some democracy in the cave.
What do you say?
What a plan.
Officially sold out.
Officially sold out!
Oh, what a job!
Nice going to you.
Thank you so much.
You are really...
Oh, God!
Something else.
We can't say what on a year.
Can't say the word.
That's pretty good.
We had 100, you know?
Yeah.
And you're always telling me,
well, you know, when you got 100 of those 50s
and instead of like 50, 50s, 50 hundreds,
whatever it is.
It's a lot more divisible, very hard.
Very hard.
I remember those days.
When that phrase had significance.
Not me, though.
Not recently.
I'll think about it.
Although I did see that movie
that covenant with the
what's it named against Stephen Strait?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
I'm sorry.
I don't even know you.
Like they are.
What?
Go get your sum.
I'd like to, man.
I couldn't handle that.
I'd have a price.
I'd have a price.
It takes.
Give me a hard time for, you know,
the drugs and the...
and the pun.
No, I do sum.
All right.
Why do not?
All right.
More power to you, have a great time, you know.
Thank you.
Oh, there's Oliver.
And I buy your used jewelry.
If you have gold rings, gold earrings,
I'll give you cash.
If you have diamonds, bring them to me.
I'll give you cash.
I love gold.
Bring me your old gold.
And I'll give you cash.
Because...
I'm the cash man.
Russell Oliver.
There was a big article about somebody
emailed it to me from my space.
Thank you very much, by the way.
A big article in the Toronto star
about him a couple days ago.
I was just talking about him on the ear.
That's probably why the article was...
I'm so full!
Oh, yeah!
Oh, no.
Okay, how's the pool coming?
But we're hitting on all cylinders today.
Let me tell you that.
513 votes.
516.
What do we see?
We wanted to get 500 by my show
and we put this pool on here like a 10-10.
Pretty good.
Pretty impressive, if you ask me.
Yep.
An old fart that reads from the newspaper.
And just nails it in and reads a lot of numbers.
Oh, here's the numbers from the pool.
Isn't it amazing the kinds of things
that people get all I graded about?
Life is so short.
Oh, yeah.
You're right.
Ah, you're milling it in,
Rodgers, you're milling it in,
it's all numbers, it's the pool numbers,
and the rod, this number, and that number.
And like George was just saying,
holy minister, what's wrong with the good number?
Nothing.
I had a few good numbers.
Believe me.
Especially in Berlin.
Oh, my.
So, anyway.
What?
Al-Toliba.
Al-Toliba.
516.
Opto-Levers.
Is that your lever?
Wow.
Now, aside from sex, what feels best?
A huge dump, 157.
Back massage, 78.
Going back to sleep, 48.
Like I did this morning for an hour.
Oh, that was wonderful.
I was delicious.
Jumping in the water on a hot day, 30.
Show after hard work, 27.
Foot massage, 27.
Good workout, 26.
Clean sheets, 26.
Scratching an inch, depending on where you're reaching, 20.
Don't scratch it too hard.
We're too long.
Tarkuzi 19, scalp massage 13.
Sinus is finally...
See, if there was a guy, would he make mosquitoes?
Yeah.
You hear the sirens again, by the way?
No.
You can't hear that?
I do know.
Oh.
Fire trucks, paramedics, ambulance, emergency vehicles, every description.
The world's coming to an end.
Sinus is finally draining 12.
Cracking the back or neck 10.
Ear is popping open, 8.
Carver parking adjustment, 6.
Can't fire on a cold night with weenies and marshmallows, 6.
With circus subpoenas, that was you said there?
That's right.
Well, I'm glad I can't find those.
And then they're reading it not even good.
There's something they're like discussing.
They're incredibly sweet.
Yeah, that's why I did.
sauna 3 and acupuncture finally got 1 out of 5.20.
Probably some acupuncture is finally voted on there, wouldn't you think?
What have to be?
So we got our 500 votes plus many more than that.
We've sold our 100 certificates.
Well, what more can we do here today?
I think it just goes on now.
I think it sounds like a real plan to me.
Although we do want to take the last minute to promote the Georgia's thing tomorrow.
And I'm sure that our good buddy, now this will be interesting when you meet Sean from Hollywood
if he does show up.
I mean, Hollywood is right there next to Gulfstream, right next to Hellendale.
Correct.
So there's no excuse for him not to come by and meet and greet and bring you like,
who knows what?
Hold my shirt.
It's a big bag of money, big bag of cash, all in small bills.
So you can pump those 20s into the machines, mind.
And maybe tomorrow you'll find a good machine.
So be sure and join George's tomorrow from 10 to 2 at Gulfstream Park in Casino,
in Hellendale.
Come by for a great horse racing.
George is going to have a handicrapping seminar, a little panel.
Mm-hmm.
Played a little bit of poker.
Maybe hit the slots for big money.
One of those $1 million dollar jackpots on some hot machine mod.
Find a good machine.
Don't forget there's no such thing as a hot machine, but if you find one, don't leave it.
Plus enjoy some great food and drinks for our George gets ready for the Florida Derby.
All happening tomorrow, 10 to 2.
And where is it again?
What's the name of the, uh, thing?
The finish line Casino or, uh, there are whatever, you know, the restaurant.
The finish line is under the hood.
Right there.
Come on, go.
The next tap up.
The next tap up.
The next tap up.
The next tap up.
The next tap up.
The next tap up.
